to answer your question no I don't
change clothes good morning yo it's a
Saturday and I woke up in single digits
at 9:00 Who am I Who am I yeah I'm sugar
today is gonna be a productive weekend I
kind of wish I had a little bit of a
weekend where I could chill and just be
like why is that but I have a lot of
work to do before I leave on Monday
night so we gotta have a productive day
here's the missions you and while I'm
doing mom you should feel free to write
down your own mission guide use up a
pencil a pen a highlighter eyeliner
today I wake up and finish writing a
script I did it give me the points shoot
the video casually just get a dance
studio what about at Alex's House to
watch the fight and celebrate Lauren's
birthday of course I'm gonna go through
my emails and never do another round of
laundry aside from all of that yo I'm
not gonna lie I mean did you really am I
tired kind of go and do nothing yes but
doesn't matter cuz sometimes you got to
dig deep and be like yo I'm gonna do
something that my tomorrow self is gonna
thank me for and so today I'm gonna do
leisure stuff but before I get to the
leisure stuff I'm gonna hustle really
hard because a work ethic is what gets
you places not hoping not dreaming are
you with me are you with me are we in
this together are you gonna keep up of
course you're gonna keep up let's do it
high five
so today's video is another school
themed video and I'm gonna play a bunch
of teachers a bunch of students as well
if school were realistic right up my
alley were playing male teacher for to
the classes female teacher for couple
classes and the students and we got
shooting the car at my enter my room and
also outside and just let me start let's
let's start let's start let's not stop
let's start basic cocky to say that
sometimes when I'm just supposed guy I
think like yo I would date me I don't
hide your wives hide your sister's
panties hi Denise's hi everybody
you are what you drink that makes a lot
of sense I don't feel like people have
normal homes that don't get turned in
and out of things teachers area ooh
education students area Oh education
what the hell is is doing here provinces
of Canada
Jesus yay look
every student you have a plastic brain
on their desk how relatable don't you
get electric noses this blog has been
rated pg-13 oh we did it finish earlier
wrap three videos banked should have
been to today but I can only fit in one
because just timing just time tick tick
tick
also I've kept these lights in my room
because I am a basic person and I enjoy
it I'm gonna fix all these clothes over
here now take a shower get ready because
I'm going to Alex's house for Lauren's
birthday and to watch the fight and see
my brain so let's go do that
that one here just like let me just ruin
everything survives and we are heading
for a happy birthday Lauren and the
fight if you don't have the fight is by
the way I don't blame you because I'm
not very savvy but it's McGregor vs.
Mayweather I'm pretty sure
no shade it into me was I had one okay
so these things are bomb
let's go
who's he gonna be oh he's already
throwing he's already throwing he's
laughing oh my god no so bad so slow
maybe and the best things I've ever had
in my life
my friend gave up those predictions real
quick summarize real quick go go for
tomorrow heresies is gonna see the white
Walker she's gonna say let's go to war
together but stab them in the back later
that's what's happening all right the
time is a 4 a.m.
watching TV literally but check out my
completed dance studio y'all don't
understand can I just take a moment for
a second this is like a dream come true
for me
this is what I consider like really
living out my best life or like yo dance
is not my career this is an active step
towards mental health legitimately like
can we just take a moment we gotta clean
it up a little bit cuz there's no
spiders in them corners and also I
really like this locker that I boy comes
to do some anyone who can bring lockers
right there regardless though how ok we
need to bless it one table freestyle
here we go
the realization that it's actually
really hot in the garage so I'll need to
figure out a way to make it cool down
when I dance here I'm really tired let's
go to bed
I gotta say the fight I don't know much
about boxing but Conor McGregor I gotta
say for someone who's never box before
that man was not full and I appreciate
that kind of resilience that is a
respectable thing right there had a
great time seeing all the friends Lauren
was like I can't believe he came to like
listening what I'm telling you i'ma try
to come you know how much try to come so
it's really nice being everyone and see
Alex's new place happy got to meet I'm
for that and get this tomorrow I can
sleep in all I have to do is record
three rounds and then it's Game of
Thrones and then it's call me live yeah
I'm gonna wash my face head to bed I
think I did everything all my to do this
today except that into a second load of
laundry
otherwise I'm pretty sure I did
everything so we had a very productive
rainbow let's let the points talk let's
see how we did
Saturday where we hustled in some
leisure perfect balance you know I dig
that ish when you're watching us today
does the season finale of Game of
Thrones which means I will not be on
Twitter for a certain amount of time
because I do not want to see spoilers
and I will be in mourning after the
episode is done literally I'll be
wearing all black I will be devastated I
will be crying look for me with tissues
in my face
I can't hunt you let him tell them if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I gotta ask everyone else out
there that has fancy pillows like these
pillows right here what do you do with
these pillows when you sleep can someone
tell me all these fancy pillows let me
just throw them on the floor in the
corner in the dust and forget about them
what what do you do it can someone teach
me how to be fancy what the app do you
do with them
