oh geez move inside like lasagna good
afternoon the time is 1:30 p.m. I woke
up a little while ago I've been working
everything back she forgot to start my
blog because I got consumed and work
right away but yo the sun is shining it
is such a hot day I'm so feeling so full
of just light and energy after the goal
of a vendetta days I'm stalled I hide it
feels wonderful today choose the mission
soon I gotta write a script because I
had a video she's a little bit did it
human voice I have to record the video
it's not to be 2 videos going to be one
with okay we're going to set up the
cameras to shoot a second video later
but one videos ago as that guy checked
some emails I got a sense of you know
that's not that much stuff and I'm still
gonna push this missions aside because
that's what I want to accomplish say
anything else would be about it is
Friday which means nothing yes we're
sure to try to get that stuff done and
see what else we can accomplish already
together so yes a roofie gave me a
hardcover version of her book milk and
honey which I'm so excited about because
there's not a lot of hardcore versions
of it and if she signed it and almost
dropped it no reflexes he signed
affirming him so excited about it I
can't stress enough how much I can't
just be like what all my walks the next
month are gonna be books but everyone
was so great so great we're talking
about the phenomena of jump in the
shower though because we're shooting in
Thailand then come get to work and
speaking of where it will not be good
we're going to do with work but I don't
know what other segue to you I got a
shout out to girls one Chelsea Handler
and the other Charlize both of them send
me wonderful gifts I sent a video to one
of childhood friends for a daughter
she sent me these wonderful chocolate
freaking sweetheart I initially will
surely send one Charlie sent me an
entire ecosystem and just is like yo let
me just send you the set of jungle book
right here in this thank you and you're
pretty allow you always discarded silk
uses really cannot thank you enough for
all your support of atomic you
consistently amaze with your passion for
promoting female stories and empowerment
and you're an all-around amazing human
to boot
I'm so glad to have a boss like you in
my life good people in your life
honestly protect them at all cost all
costs for some protect them organs from
the videocassette is right here today's
video
really Jessica Adams mangies Linda and
Samuel mega who's Daniel so I've named
my two most recent characters orange
haired guy with mustaches Chuck found
that Samuel the unlimited in sales goes
with long black hair that always puts
his hair to Samuel so Chuck and Samuel
user family knows their official name I
came up with them truly because I just
like feels like a Chuck feel it could be
Samuels felt right you know what I mean
shout outs for sure now there's in 25:24
them but you're trouble very
questionable picking up one more hey
what's up yeah so rat son little harder
than I anticipated I think in her face
won't turn out good I think I just like
it was the hard part
the hardest part was I had to eat so
much food man my stomach is gonna
explode I had to eat so much food during
dish a burger ticket eat some veggies
you can Nuggets whole bag chips and
salsa wine recording corn you already
know that's gonna be my food Jake
this dress is real right now I just got
home from somewhere and on the way home
on the highway and my parcels going tire
pressure tire pressure still have a nail
in my tire my appointment is because
tomorrow morning the tire pressure was
fine because it like literally a huge
thing stuck in there so it wasn't like
leaking and I guess on the highway like
and nail came out and so I'm gonna mill
the highlights high pressure low tire
pressure load up and pull over pull over
all the freedom fibers which mom so I
like rose the five minutes and ignored
the warning and made it home thank God
my tire is completely flat now I don't
know how I'm going to get to my
appointment where I was in verse six I'm
going to come to my house so so
stressful yeah Lily doesn't swear but
god damn I was wearing on the way home I
was like mom that I feel like no matter
how many times of our hangers go run on
a hanger to the rest of my life no
amount of hangers is ever enough you
know why I'd have to go to my closet and
donate a bunch of this it had time to do
it but I really do God knows like we
would do it before I leave for Toronto
I'm I was doing and come back but yo so
much thing to be done before I leave
Sunday evening also Game of Thrones
episode four has been leaked today there
was an HBO hack I refuse to watch it
combos like you could just watch it
today but no I refuse
respect our craft and I respected I'm
loyal and I do not want to watch the
episode so it was intended to be watched
and that's I will waste and I really
have just enough time to watch it before
I leave for my flight on Sunday the so
much to be done I said to do a video on
my own a video with my crew on studies a
to video in the next two days and
tomorrow to fix my car tires tack and
longitude be done but today was really
productive was our video done car tire
not great yo I just put all my clothes
away the ones I have hanger so best
points that's something right how was
your day you protected where you bought
productive them you hopefully hopefully
yours let's see how we did
Todd talked with Yogi's do also like
tomorrow for sure have a hot tub solo
hots obsession because I'm going to miss
that issue when I'm in Toronto when I
just need that but say my joining me on
today I hope you had a lovely affair
with you the same things I do generally
go get a lovely did okay I'm actually
telling someone else on so I'm gonna
like I really love teen super like I can
excel time to actually talk to separate
people today I brought you up twice
sales like can I just can I interrupt
you in is talk about my hands and my
families are gonna because they're the
best
you guys are so odd but I love you so
much for joining gentle rock if you
liked it subscribe and if you like it
subscribe can enjoy something so crazy
so there's a tiny tiny scrum dozen
minuscule miniature screw that's part of
my blog camera that holds the screen
thing up and I lost it like two weeks
ago last night I just went like this to
my blanket and this tiny screw was in my
blanket I was like how the f after two
weeks - life Karma
