it's 8:30 a.m. we out here good morning
how are you how is going how are you
feeling let's take a moment take a deep
breath because today we are going to
create the best day possible be
productive be present be happy be
efficient I am up early I am a little
bit tired but not tired enough not
hustle my life off because today I'm
gonna hustle harder than I did yesterday
we got a very productive day ahead of us
here's the missions you well I do these
missions feel free to write down your
own mission why cuz we in this together
my mission is I have three meetings this
morning meaning one move to leaving
three after that I have to watch two
hours of videos you know I gotta go
through my emails and aside from all
that I'm gonna try to get mad bonus
points because I'm only in LA for four
more days we're trying to waste time
every moment of every hour of every day
we don't put towards not just hoping for
our dreams but working for our dreams
here's the faked starting with babe with
the power that the glass has got to hear
they do survive
let's head to some meetings can we talk
about Kyle suddenly wearing color this
is the color for let's Inca are you over
you're all black babies no no this is
white white what's happening all black
is not a phase this is the famous Oh
would you like to see your fans I
haven't seen you in so long
hey guys this means like back here on
the sweat cam there's some beautiful
Rodeo Drive just being me you know got
to be me why you probably today got it
done early today because she's made a
commitment to me to the team and she's
gonna make some big things happen so
today what is today August 24th August
24th 2017 big things come in unicorn I
yes you can savor like unicorn
needs only in LA we'll use be this kind
of poor
TMZ's left before literally the devil
literally the devil done my three
meetings give me the point this change
into something a little more comfortable
shall we that is better let's get some
work done
all right so to do right now is if you
call a while ago on my socials I posted
about being a judge for the girl gays
times a glam video contest basically the
short film contest where female
filmmakers submitted their projects and
I one of the judges with a whole bunch
of other awesome judges including
rashida Jones Jada pinkett-smith
Jennifer oh my god zendaya mandala
Steinberg just a whole bunch of really
cool people so I'm honored to be on the
judging panel we're gonna pick some
winners and it's gonna be dope to get a
cash prize and get a chance like make
some films for other bigger brands so
it's a really cool opportunity because I
will say a lot of times I'm on set it is
a heavily male skewed so a lot of dudes
and dye this is a great opportunity for
female filmmakers who have an
opportunity showcase their stuff so I'm
all for it that's what we do the next
two hours let go oh hey y'all look I
finally got completed word word word
word one just went to my inbox give me 2
points you know what the goals they call
this tomorrow goes every day to create a
day that you're proud of when you were a
bed at night and headed to pillow and
reflect won't be proud of the last
couple hours Remy so create a day right
now after done watching this blog I'm
gonna watch a few more if you want main
channel also youtube.com slash Judy's
saying create a day where you like yo I
did something today that tomorrow I'm
gonna thank myself for that is the goal
every day hustle hard taking a 30 minute
nap before I start script writing baby
knows like an hour but your install
ready to do work but you know way homie
no you don't know wait
you're not know before I work I can't
work under these conditions I can't work
under these conditions we have a meeting
real quick
hey yo ho yes so I had some ideas of how
I could like just do better at work I
think in the morning like when I wake up
from 6:00 to 10:00 a.m. could you guys
just arrange puppies coming in like for
for puppies puppies like to ground one
white one black
yeah okay lunch let's talk about that
because I'm eating lunch but it hasn't
been on a yacht mmm so that's been kind
of problematic for me I agree that's
yeah when I do emails and I'll be really
helpful with one of you guys could like
like waterfall noises as I'm drinking
you okay
yeah but you don't want it like
generated by that covered
similar and I want to be a person I
think I know a guy who actually yeah he
sounds kinda like that's funny yeah more
aggressive maybe like what type of
waterfall yes yeah
so sorry about that do one thing the
stairs really annoy me I just came down
the backyard I don't like the stairs so
I was the easily installed slip and
slide
I can just slide down here you know what
I mean yeah okay I cover it so like
there's nine stairs just like yeah yeah
good the last thing I just hotter
employees can you I just really would
like like what even is it when I come in
here I don't feel good motivated because
I see you guys in like Oh shiny and
she's really sweet guys make sure you
have Kyle to employees lunch break are
you doing email I am I got you why
hasn't asleep it's like being instant
one of my favorite things on the planet
is joking around my team they have such
a good sense of humor I freaking love
them I love spending time with them I
adore them you know we should have lunch
together for lunch
Wow
team lunch I was real fancy I went all
out with y'all I got some fries I got
some did what is this what you guys
ordered and your friends to exciting
things happen to number one my girl
crush Lauren who already follow me on
Twitter but she responded to me and she
was like how when she does her own
makeup she wears boss and I was like
that Lauren for this harmony girl crush
crush those guys I was like number two
you followed mystery guests yes yes
guess what no what no Ellen Ellen
DeGeneres followed me on prettier smells
like parse cook quoi Jessica C parse
core come on - Pelle - whoa time is 8:24
p.m. Sun is down as you can see but that
doesn't mean the hustles going down I'm
almost done writing my first script I'm
gonna be done like an hour hour and a
half and I'm gonna start my second one
but things I see myself on the chin now
but things are going great are you
are you so working hard I taking a break
let me know in this exact moment what
you're doing comment below let me know
exactly right now right now stop pause
the video come below do it do you know
what I just did you know what I do you
do you do you do you do you do you do
you do you do you do I just finished my
script and sent it and it is done slam
fact you know what slam you know I
shouldn't leave my fans you know it was
all about just getting the ball and
putting in the basket you know just
getting the ball dribbling it and just
putting in the basket that's that's how
we wanted what a previous video
reference what do you think your team
needs to focus on in the second half so
you know I think as long as we get the
ball and we put the ball in the basket
oh really good and what's your strategy
for the second half this game well you
know I think as long as we don't let the
other team get more points in us it will
be good you know so I think about
defense
no offense in basketball no I don't got
some props for the video usually I got
my team to do what I'm so particular
about the props for this one so I'm
gonna go right now with a 9:30 10:00 but
target should still be open and NASA's
gonna happen it's gonna be time just
realize that I didn't have dinner chump
yung-chun young champion Chum yeah okay
BRB going to target can't take your tool
Bay but I'll see you soon bye okay so I
got everything I need except for like
two things but I also randomly
remembered all the other stuff I need
for my house somehow some way every
single time I forget to buy these things
I remembered because I'm coming in let
me show you where I gotta stop go over
there what is this thing well this thing
over here gets wet because it's cloth
and I was like y'all buy plastic one
boom needed those you never have a jug
for water brown
ice bucket never have that either in
bacon for my breakfast fancy water to
spend same thing I'm a bobber
take the elevator real quick garbage for
laundry room because we don't happen
right now are you ready for this
cuteness pencil holder my barber I am
and look at this to decor item look at
this adorable effing robe that matches
the theme of the room can we just take a
moment
yeah we just I know I didn't get an
audition for Jasmine but for real
sheera time has come for me to listen to
Taylor Swift's new song like came on
just a few hours ago and is literally
breaking the internet I mean do a live
reaction to her song is called look what
you made me do I'm a fan of Taylor so if
I'm not like a crazy fan or anything so
just like you know every time I say I
like Katy Perry or Taylor so people like
well why you can't like both know I'm
about girl love I don't care about any
drama or anything that's happening I was
excited to hear you toast with music
called look what you made me do and I'm
hung her it's very haunted dark okay
I feel like she being real specific with
people's aesthetic is like very not like
a details of the Sun I mean like this is
just like your kind knew what's up yo
Katy Perry that's my cue
I secretly hope that Katy Perry until to
collaborate that's what Kyle thinks is
gonna happen that would be like the
perfect girl of situation okay or damn
deserve definite life I don't trust
nobody nobody trust me that's like sad
it's so real I'm scared she using the
snake image in the aesthetic of this
video is very artistic alerts video it's
like very dark okay hold on let me just
go to the comments real quick like the
basic hole that I am so far just a bunch
of people promoting their channels and
spirits come and say I like the melody I
like it's catchy
it's obviously taking jabs at people
uh-oh I support girl lovin I'm all about
like love for what it is the music
action we like it it's really catchy and
I'm excited to know just like I think
about everything else she is a
phenomenal musician and vocalist and I
think she's really talented probably not
number one because I don't know that
much about is probably bigger stands and
me but I stand by I am in Kyle to do
this segment so look what you may need
oh now look what do you mean it doesn't
work that's the truly very sober to
maybe do now
I don't think that's a tune okay
whatever what's going on so it's that
time of the night where I might jump in
my hot tub get a little tipsy cuz baby
you know I earned you at such productive
day I think I really made up for the
fact that you didn't post a video today
well I still feel bad about but so poor
doctor was so many meeting also before I
said when I go through my emails but
I've already cleared my inbox and I
wrote a script and I went and got the
props just super productive chillin the
game the type of day where I'm gonna go
to bed and be like boo
you killed it let's see how we did today
some video shoots done I'm also so
excited to be here for a few days I'm so
excited to finish the HBO movie in
Toronto two days and after that I'm so
say to go to Kenya
width we and back to this those same
girls that if it's the last time and
take my mom and dad and this would be
really really special so I'm super
excited about it hostel tomorrow is
gonna continue because the hustle is not
optional everyday hustle is part of
everyday everyday is the hustle and I'm
so glad you're hustling along with me
let me know what you accomplished today
we're in this together we all here try
it not wish for dreams are accomplished
dreams together so let me know if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe what's going on thank you for
watching my vlog channel you know that
really wonder what's the last box over
there main challenger let up subscribe
if you want to subscribe tomorrow gotta
wake up super super early at 8 a.m. but
yo - what's up rise & grind go to sleep
reap the benefits of your hustle that's
the life is all about hope you've had a
fantastic day we're gonna have another
fantastic day tomorrow stay tuned stay
tuned stay too
