I have take could have to do the time is
like 1:00 p.m. i shooting today so the
mission is going to be very skeleton
like but we're going to have a
productive day why is it solar eclipse
day as you can see the Sun the Moon is
going to go what is the solar eclipse
but I think it's when the moon is going
to go in front of the Sun essentially
let me show you okay I haven't seen a
person special glasses even look what
kind of traction time you didn't once in
like a whatever 50 year event is
happening and I'll need special glasses
is that your definition for today you we
are going to shoot the Fahrenheit 451
I'm going to eat this entire slice of
cake I'm going to go home and check my
emails and release my video when a GU
super 60 all that issues would happen
aside from all that pays my second last
date not shooting in general I'm
shooting today tomorrow in the next
Marengo back to LA back to LA for five
days and come back so I want second last
day for a little while here and I'm
going to give it my all you my bathroom
solar eclipse date hope you have a good
solar eclipse day and this is me lunch
now hey ladies here's the thing about
your nails them right I hope my nails on
they're probably very dry like good
right it's completely dry now for the
next four hours I'm gonna be like sorry
I can't I can't can you turn off my
camera I can't sorry just unbuttoned why
they're dry stop stop doing the wild by
those two reviews
oh my god the solar eclipse oh my god
whoo I'm so stupid
all righty nothing directly at the Sun
so they exist but maybe if you look at
the Eclipse through the monitor on my
camera so let's go try to find it I'm
gonna spend exactly 60 seconds trying to
do this all right
oh it's still hurting my eyes listen to
the monstrous or it's just in my head
do something do something different
wow so cool yeah that's about as much
effort I'm gonna put into that moment
thinkers are too much pressure words
like LaHaye at 2:40 p.m. this thing is
gonna happen it's never going to happen
getting like 50 years you should go
outside and watch it like that that's a
lot of pressure I once I sneeze but I
have to pump whatever I again I just I'm
gonna lie down but solar eclipse that's
cool sciences the world and I promise
I'm high from just tired
can you just actually send me pictures
of a solar eclipse when I feel like I've
it all the glass and I can see properly
I don't want to do it half crap you know
just Google picture and that's what i'ma
do
knocking on my door broke my back
torques one cripple to the reservation
all I know I've decided that once my
garage you you'll officially done and
it's almost done I've got post dance
video just like you guys on the blog
channel evens on Instagram I want to
post a through the room is dancing this
you know do some addition death and just
in my life you know some with that right
there in flammable tense video what do
you think about that comment below you
hated you love it right
come on lonely no drama campaign using
on damn when you mind Iraq alright the
time is 9:43 trying to go home and get a
massage
fingers crossed what up I'm home I got a
massage coming in a few minutes
shoutouts food the actual service the
area I live what they decide to make an
extra drive for me I appreciate you body
just hurts my feet hurt my call time
tomorrow is nine little earlier than
usual ok share something with you real
quick I am so excited to go back to LA
and make my own self and it's not
because it had about experience on set
or anything that is great I learned so
much but it's different because you know
what I'm doing my own stuff I'm
directing and I write it and I draw this
has been a different experience but I
kind of missed being like artists to be
shot here like I just miss creating in
that way and so I am so excited to go
back grab the rings again yo we go query
so ish and do in the sunshine so I'm
really really hyped about it tomorrow
it's my last day and I go back to other
like I mentioned at least for a week or
so we got a lot of work to do but for
now I'm a change we get a massage I'll
speak to a little bit and I'm sure when
I speaking a little bit when we like
hello my name is Ollie song wrong more
number or phone as a dope missile I
really really needed that homeboy worked
my feet but I needed that type I love
and you know what I'm saying
imma go to bed I know as long as very
very short and nothing really happens
including us not seeing the solar
eclipse I don't know what to do you guys
a months and all day I don't know but I
will share one thing with you today just
happens to be one of those days where I
talk to a bunch of other creators I even
tweeted about it being like hey creators
that don't like negativity and dissing
other people like can we do something
and so I want to know all the creators
that aren't down with the direction that
YouTube is going what would you want us
to do together would you want to start a
movement a hash
clap video what what are you thinking
I'm just like trying to think you know
me a model promote which love don't bash
with your hand I'm not trying to bash
anyone but I think there's a general
sentiment going around with a lot of
creatives like yo we used to be really
proud to be part of the YouTube
community and that pride has kind of
disappeared recently because of what's
associated what people think YouTube is
now so comment below because I want to
involve in this conversation comment
below and let me know but for now I will
say if you're one of those people that
are like yo I believe in positive
content do your part and like I said on
another vlog
share people's videos onion carrot mine
any Korean which I think puts effort
into content and has a positive message
share their stuff and watch the stuff
and support their stuff whatever it may
be so that's that's my two cents for you
also as I say that my hair got stuck in
the massage chair today and a lot of it
came out of my head so I probably have a
bald spot but anyway okay okay
onion okay I also got to say I think I'm
going to change my vlogging camera again
soon because it's on camera is just
there's always something on the lens and
then is always acting weird I'm always
out of focus I just can't I can't
anymore I can't do it even right now
what do you would stop it to school but
let's see how we did today
toilet cup with lilies not in focus
let's just wait patiently if I have both
of my hands right now I would clap for
you camera I'm going to go to bed very
short vlog I apologize tomorrow is
probably also going to be a short vlog
vo go show my new videos some new levels
on the old video wall even though
technically there's legality and I
really try to give that old-school
playback that I know you love and I had
fun doing it so show us some love if you
liked it and if you didn't that's cool
too
but I'm gonna go to bed and I will chat
with you tomorrow where hopefully more
things happen then today it's honestly
driving me crazy I'm not gonna lie I'm
going crazy because you know me I like
to do many things in a day and for me to
do this one thing every day
and not be able to like talk to you but
I don't need to vlog everything but also
just like I like to just just Merc the
to-do list and I am able to do that but
we're going back to have a sick of it if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
