from the TDOT Oh what up Jersey
reference good morning it is actually
morning he was like 9:45 a.m. I'm so
tired but I wake up early because I want
to have a productive day and because
tomorrow my schedule clips back today
times not nighttime and so I'm trying to
not sleep all day because I want to
sleep tonight
exciting day can you feel can you feel
today's a date we're going to hustle
we're going to be productive we're going
to make smiles happen with ourselves
with other people we're going to be the
best version of ourselves and bring out
the best in other people here's the
mission I'm heading to my follow me on
my cell because we're going to rock
Crete I'll explain there after that I'm
gonna try to meet up with Ruthie core
find that male I was in LA for girl of
events after that I have an appointment
after that we'll watch Game of Thrones
also got a sense of females and essa
that's a confidence also got a write and
record a video for tomorrow because I
won't have time for sight of all that
the sun is shining it's my last day off
for a long while
let's enjoy we are are talking us a new
half dollar again obviously controlled
acquired of crucial take note people
take notes
you know what's up so we're like tie
destiny now I'm going to teach you more
about this in a little bit but
essentially usually your sister ties it
on the brother but we would have an
equality a city where I went I went
number I'm gonna tell her on me and you
don't know explain why I look later if
that's a see why not watch it about date
can be can visit your girl that's your
carrot I'm signing a whole bunch of
these right now did you want to UM
restore it and buy something and be like
you're superwoman sent me from the loss
he'll give you one of these whole bunch
of it what's the address of your armor
25 cents please
yeah if you want to mix outfit and you
want a signed copy of it reach because
that's what's happening
you what's going on so I got back home I
got a bunch stuff to do today but I want
to quickly explain to you what all this
stuff is so made a real quick education
with Lindy because learning stuff is
cool not cookies or I guess in Hindi
alcoholic shop London is a day where you
celebrate Brotherhood essentially its
sister traditionally tie decorative
string on their brothers there's a
prayer to say God please take the Eloi
away from my brother making me protected
in all steps on brothers sides I promise
to protect their sisters that's where it
supposed to be so all my life I've done
this grab tied a string I don't have any
brothers brothers but I have like
husband etc etc so I always tie the
string on them and be like gay for
protection please war the evil and with
my brother yada yada yada etc etc etc
lessons I've learned more about just
like the world really got to be more of
a critical thinker I was like wait one
second I have now encouraged everyone I
interact with every one of my family all
my friends to question traditions that
we were raised with and here's the thing
before people get like really angry
because every time I talk about
traditions you can start throwing to get
rid of our culture and get rid of art
not I just think as women and men for
that matter we even want critical
thinkers I have to get rid of tradition
but they definitely need to be tweet
because unfortunately sexism is embedded
in a lot of traditions and a lot of
cultures and you need to tweak them so I
have said that I'm not going to tie I
decree on any guy unless he is also
going to tie one on me why you ask
because I shouldn't just do that
brothers protect sisters not sisters
protect brothers all the time and it
should go both ways not to mention when
I was in India unit 7 just in general
when I really did do a deep dive into
issue in India do you know how many go
I'm not going to generalizing this
always the case but there's so many
girls in areas where they are abused by
members of their family and often that
is their brother and so I just think
raising your daughter to be taught that
I hate on this day every year you're
going to tie this thing on your body
supposed to protect you it doesn't
really allow that girl to critically
think of like wait well what does
protection actually mean and like how
should I be treated I get this
symbolized right know how you treat
someone means caring for them
a string tied on your wrist so I always
take care of Elmer other takes care of
me so I was like listen we're going to
do this if you also tire a cameo and
traditionally the guy's looking to grow
a little bit of money or get on like
whatever money you give me I want to
give you an equal amount of money back
has to be even so this is my way of
telling families and friends anyone
watching this please question the
traditions that you've been raised with
just because you've been raised with
them and they've existed for a really
long time it doesn't make them correct
water has also existed for a really long
time that doesn't make it correct
violence is existed really long time it
doesn't make it correct racism sexism
all those things and super we long tonic
doesn't make them correct question
tradition make them equal that is your
job the last say I'm going to say in
this rent is a lot of times when I say
this to girls like oh well you know it's
how much you like like the tradition I
go along but no no do not go up question
them and tweak them to make them equal
and your job to do that so I'm very
excited about this means a lot to me to
the first time actually you've ever been
tied on me and it really really does
mean a lot to me so thank you mr
equality what's up
so my family gone to the cottage and I
really wanted to go because it's so hot
and beautiful today I probably went in
the water but I decided to stay back
because I really do a lot of work to do
today I'm gonna go chill with Ruby core
in a bit on appointment I still got a
record a video and I was like that would
be very unresponsible we ain't out here
trying to slack and try to take the easy
road you know why because no one said it
was going to be easy they said it was
gonna be really really hard and I'm up
for the challenge we're gonna hustle and
sometimes hustling means they know to
those tempting fun things that are a
short-term game we out here for the
long-term game final so QC down my shirt
if so hey what's that know and we just
send any pictures of them on the water
it's all good oh yeah I'm not the great
time I'm gonna head downtown now go
chill with Ruby it's gonna be a long
drive so let's strap in so this is
actually going to be a very close call
my car has 110 kilometers on it because
they don't have a supercharger here I
thought I did but it doesn't actually
fit so I'm using a normal outlet to
charge the Tesla and it's very very slow
it doesn't charge very fast so
agriculture downtown to Brampton and
them back here will do bases in all of
the city and have 110 kilometers so this
is a very large ten smoke
we'll make it on have to stop and charge
it but yo let's see right high-risk
high-reward am i right am i right am i
right am i right am i right am i right
am i right all right am i right let's go
welcome to the Don Valley parking lot
where there's traffic no matter what
time or what day it is welcome enjoy
your stage as you can see we're going on
a meeting rate of five kilometers Oh
down to what I down to zero kilometers
an hour take up game of Mario Kart for
people that can't handle the real thing
it's like Mario Kart for humble the poet
right now so what this is this is the
only mario kart race humble would win
right now against me right here the slow
and steady Wow harsh thing in my life is
finding parking in downtown Toronto
which is not a thing apparently as a
festival going on and there's just chaos
everywhere but this wall is very
beautiful so cut the plus parked in this
random alleyway just random random
alleyways getting run over by cars no
big deal I'm completely safe mom I
promise I had a wonderful brunch with
Ruby we're so similar chocks me author
of milk and honey if you don't know I'm
talking about you met her as a girl
event when I blog but she's so lovely we
have so much in common and we have this
great conversation another thing that
people worry like I don't even want to
pick up my phone while talking to you
don't even care what's happening my
phone cuz you're so interesting and so
entertaining and interesting and just
wonderful i frickin adore her now I am
headed to some are all those really far
away but girl not gonna lie this is very
responsible with me because I'm going to
get there I'm not going to have enough
battery to get back home my car is
telling me that I'm gonna get there when
I get there when I 4% laugh that's like
40 minutes away from my house when I get
there I'm a Figaro a charging situation
somehow thank God for this random
charging station I found literally in
the middle of nowhere the cars was legit
about to die didn't even make it to
ready to go I'm gonna over it from here
so damn close
frig woah high-risk high-reward I made
it back to my car here's the dilemma my
house is T two kilometers away and I
only have 70 kilometers on the car after
charging because this also is a
supercharger here's the thing about like
and now there's so many places that our
superchargers is not that many in
Toronto so to find a place that like
charged my car fast is difficult I might
have to move the fridge in my garage to
see that
Klunk is a higher voltage plug but I
don't know man a buffer of 18 kilometers
is not that much so I might like to sit
beside my car right now and see what the
situation is so let's have a small
little picnic let do it I would sign I'm
gonna wafer ticket to 80 it's out 71
when we put you to 880 is a good buffer
right there this never happened before
thank God I came here this never
happened before I always have my car
charged but certain circumstances so you
know let's play some music is that going
to drain the battery no no since we have
time spending quality time if I was go
ahead and admit that I have the biggest
girl crush on someone and it is I don't
know how to say your last name I don't
want to butcher it sort of respectives
not to say it but Lauren from fifth
harmony I just want to say I have the
biggest role questioner because she uses
her voice so wonderfully on and off the
mic like not only a fantastic singer but
when she's off the mic this girl is
literally always giving a voice to
people who are voiceless she's always
posting about ways to make positive
change
she's such a humanitarian and such an
activist and I dig her and she's
gorgeous inside now and I have a huge
Goa crush on her if you don't follow her
she's follow her all over self is very
empowering this is her handle right here
you see it you see it did you see it you
see it you see it you see it you see it
is it G alright I don't know if I'm
going to get home so I'm going to try to
use like time travel and just jump into
an alternate dimension to get home now
it's time to write a quarter video so we
can earn some Game of Thrones tonight
the second episode Jesus Christ be with
me right now but no shut up you two
dinar enough well I'm almost done very
much composure what is tents okay no
social media gave it those of heaven is
it or not because I got no sleep
okay script alright 11:15 p.m. I
officially can't go on social media cos
Game of Thrones is aired even though
it's the leaked episode finished writing
the video and record it work first then
play when or ensure no I don't like
orange which means there must be a
t-shirt reference so stay tuned then
recording now that edit it is 1143 or
close the game of Thrones so close time
video was uploaded
does it have writing and stuff as usual
no but it's okay because you know why
sometimes it could go back and go we
gonna do this old school and toss it out
and it's all good it feels authentic it
is one Oh
I am and I'm going to watch Game of
Thrones why because I'll mother
afternoon y'all ever want to hear me
swear be in the corner of the room when
I'm alone watching Game of Thrones holy
Oh she'll go killed I'm just my
tombstone just write killed by Game of
Thrones great effort I cannot fathom
that next week is the last episode and
then we've to wait a year if not more
from what I am you know never show where
I watch it I'm like I wish so badly my
brain could come up with something like
this like it's just such a spectacular
show inspires me so much and it's just a
piece of art like it's legit art holy
crap so this is super cool open your
Twitter app and look what's trending at
the top these thing says it's time to
fix sexist traditions this is a friggin
cool unless celebrity moment on Twitter
ah very cool very very very very cool I
need a little bit of time to process
Game of Thrones and tomorrow is back to
shooting for a night for 51 I'm gonna
get to bed
so Camilla until tomorrow wait before
that through the sneak peak of the video
that's gonna release on my main channel
in just a few hours he hasn't texted
today well don't text him first honestly
don't be so petty okay you want to text
him just text them yeah use a thirsty ho
you got to make it seem like you're busy
and you don't have time to waste but you
don't want him to feel like you're too
good to think about him show some love
charge myself oh you style and could do
this order I do too I don't get so David
does it stop well our sacred joining me
on today game of break-ins honestly like
people asking just like I've never
watched it too late no you have a whole
year to a year but doesn't exaggeration
you would just have a year to watch it
it's only seven season start watching
cuz it's a phenomenal show I had to bed
tomorrow you have to continue because
every day we hustle harder and Alan if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I didn't take a moment to
express how saddened I am that for the
finale of Game of Thrones I will not be
with humble I am deeply saddened by this
and he will be here in spirit I miss him
so much
he comes back to Toronto big day
basically essentially two days after he
comes back two days before I go to LA so
we're literally missing each other and I
don't not like someone to see him so
