today we're gonna talk less good morning
I woke up I already stretched I brush my
teeth and I decided today I will do less
talking I'm not going to start this by
being like oh I feel productive and oh
I'm going to do this you know what I'm
not gonna talk so I'm just gonna do what
am I actions do the talking yep leave is
there ever it is so hot which is why I'm
naked but your secret belly here's what
the mission is for today first clicks
eyebrow done we are going to write a
script we're going to shoot a video we
are going to have a writing session for
my JSL hosting thing I'm doing this
weekend and we have an appointment
I'm also gonna check my emails I'm also
going to eat food proper meals I'm also
going to drink a lot of water I have all
these things I'm not going to say I'm
going to do one hundred extra thing I'm
going to do them I know in my heart how
I feel guilty but I'm not going to talk
about I'm just going to do because
sometimes you're going to top the top is
going to walk the walk and today we go
walk the murderess and walk are you
ready are you right here you're a new
bosses for today's script I was thinking
about something along the lines with
real life my struggle to wake up in the
morning I could have ever done a video
like this and things I tell myself in my
brain in the morning are just so
ridiculous is the reason I shouldn't
wake up I will go as far as being like
even like your career maybe just want to
be like a traveling gypsy or like you
know maybe that's your call but I will
convince myself of that in the more I'll
convince myself anything in the morning
when my alarm goes off that's something
you know for today's video idea but
we'll see
stay tuned when you know foodies baby
here shoutout to baby ears that be
ruining herself in 1988 though done my
script give me the points I also took my
laundry out every single one of my socks
has a matching sock and they're all
accounted for
give me the bonus points that is some
wizard wizardry wizards I sorry I look
at the weight I got cookies and iron
ores on what wizardry right well you
know what's up in case you guys ever
wondering what the inspiration for my
videos is another way which might be
okay
honey you take here and you know what
told me what are you going to put your
estimate oh so you want to put it in my
boss go ahead like you've never done
this before
but I'm here to like an amazing look at
the gate of nain change is what I have
oh no I don't worry
that's all I didn't have them so you're
lying for the camera you fold because
any other time I believe this time I
didn't add another thanks to it I think
that God is uncountable for you
everything's like great we're almost
done shooting and it's like not only my
identity or at least I would be able to
record two Rams as well start to
productive shoot as you can tell I'm
lying in bed because that's the state
we're shooting away it's not because of
being able to see I'm working right now
remember yesterday when I said we saw
woman home I did well show you is way
faster that's what's up boss don't make
the same mistakes twice
except for those two times that I do but
this is not one losing that video gun
and now I have to report to land so I'm
going to go over those real quick and
get to work Linda game games like here
it is like I'm alive and I'm like one
rat done do miracle second red shot give
me the points and few minutes I have a
writing session with Don Reiter and
he'll be with someone just for last
stuff because really and all the time or
capacity to really do what we're going
to work on themselves together I'm not
as I am super stressed about just for
laughs because I just don't have the
time we're also happy to put all my
energy into it it's such a big thing and
I'm just like oh I'm going to do my best
try to kill it but I've been into being
a little bit like
to special two-hour sessions the right
it was great a month all absolutely
nervous about this but ever call written
or like really risked ideas of someone
like that because it's going to be it
was lovely we're both so collaborative
we came up with a lot of really really
great ideas for my segment you know
super collaborative like I said which is
really cool I feel a hundred times
better about it now that we have some
solid ideas it will give me a lot of
work and a lot of last-minute work as
per usual with my schedule which I think
I should have accept is my life things
very seldom will not be last-minute and
I think I've learned that from doing
every time was doing and I see one side
and doing things he's also always being
like this is this last that's kind of
the nature of what you do and what we're
doing my eyebrows coming off kind of
nature of what it is in its sign so I
feel a lot better
literally in one minute serif is going
to be here and we're gonna get styled
for just the last so back to back to
back to back but I'm putting in the work
important in the hospital give me some
goddamn points styling begins what's
called fifteen and I have a bunch of
work to do right now because tomorrow
okay today when you're watching this we
are throwing with Sacco humble and Kyle
a birthday party I'm taking them all to
Universal everyone else with you take
them to Universal Studios I've never
been to in LA and no humble isn't either
reason being Kyle loves Harry Potter
falafel of the walking dead humble of
The Simpsons there's something there for
all of them so we are having a breakfast
theme of starting at any among a
breakfast theme party for all of them's
or dividing to see even to walking
distance in the Harry Potter sauce I
should make a whole bunch of decorations
right now and do some things like stay
tuned because I'm to do some arts and
crafts Golden Snitch for Roche tedious
as it got the bass done the walking dead
made these signs relevant I'll give some
blood over me I can explain this I think
we've our basic dream upwards of five
hours are making breakfast Taylor edited
some pictures of them but this is the
design I got so far away so Harry
Potter's some switches I even googled
some potion ingredients without by
receive any water called Dobby some
ingredients come along and we got Kyle
Masako likes talking good so I did all
the marking from the wall of the show
this explains this and
survive there and then humble a bullet
bullet bullet bullet bullet in that town
quick Marge I just can't put that on my
own right now and then we're here pink
Donuts and this was foods a bit ago
this is many blooms like about my own
but that's my right now Hanukkah
migraine coming on I gotta say the rate
at which my vision and going bad like
now even things that are closed for I
can't even see them like don't wear
glasses all diamond another thing
Rory I'm just really really tired right
now I think it like hurts when my vision
alerts and we're looking around and
squinting it's not pleasant
Oh ha hi I'm going to wash my face and
get a very very very my glasses much
very productive day let's see how he did
Oh cock right-handed I just go to the
toilet I really do have a problem
although I was like no matter what you
do me put a ridiculous amount of effort
into things and I know that sounds like
always positive thing but it's not
everything is a dodge for that the pros
and cons like the degree to attend to
you about detail things that probably
don't matter are really in does video
we're going to celebrate the Google
birthday's tomorrow at is going to be
lit and I hope they enjoy and I hope
it's fun and I'm acceptable of first
time ever to Universal so good yeah they
even joining me on today we have a day
off tomorrow which starts very early in
the morning we'll be making breakfast so
in Devon
cuckoo cuckoo is you like it subscribe
you do like it subscribe also just
realize the food coloring so it's
probably not gonna come off for few
tastes why do I do
I'm sure there's like I got hand paint
why did I get hand pay of course I'm
just like that means is food coloring
that literally dies things because I am
stupid person before
