do you feel that Monday motivation
what's going on team super I hope you
are feeling inspired and uplifted and
productive because we are going to have
a very productive day this Monday which
means we out here the weekend starting
is our chance to accomplish all of our
goals turn on and be a go we go take
this 100 100 100 the key for today is
very simple hope is not a strategy we're
not going to hope we're not gonna dream
we're not gonna wish we're gonna work
really really hard I'm in order to get
so many points I'm gonna get so many
goddamn points that at the end of the
day they're just gonna be like here
here's the porcupine okay I'm going to
get so many points that I could win a
debate with this vlogs I'm going to get
so many points that I could create
enough broth for Madonna for one year
are you ready here is the mission you
remember a few days ago what is that
self tape didn't do it today self tape
gotta memorize it send some very
important emails that have 700 sticky
notes on my desk to haul email sorry
team I do love you
happy Monday neck I'm going to schedule
a nap and I'll tell you why a little bit
that past my line because tonight is my
first day of shooting Fahrenheit 451 and
a release my video and go super 60 aside
from all of that the goal is keep my
energies off you my confidence up
because I'm hella nervous to be shooting
next to Michael be fine Georgian I know
I said I was probably not an audition
for very many things because the whole
schedule is but this covering for it's
pretty cool has some cool people and I
can't really tell you much about it also
there's no one here to read land with me
at all well so of course my sweetheart
Kyle has offered to read lines with me
and my offering I mean I asked him that
he did say no to speakerphone so that's
how this is going down HBO is Kyle's
idea to the cafe at 2:00 a.m. and all
and this one is going to be he'll be
performing in to help me solve it
basically Kyle you want real one also
did you notice and know yourself I'm
like a dinosaur right I'd be jealous do
all right now for makeup did Hammond for
themselves tape itself tape gods be with
me or not
whatever t blend their problem so you
know that doesn't finish my self tape
shots of quality for being so patient
the big difference between before and
now when is yourself tapes back of the
day I would literally do it a hundred
try to perfect every movement now I do
like three max but yeah this is what it
is and I don't need to tweak every
little hand detail just this is what it
it usually the first thing is always the
best anyway so who done it give me the
boy I don't know I did that I'm sorry
inbox cleared give me the points welcome
to today's episode of me reacting to
comic disclaimer disclaimer disclaimer
I've included positive but more negative
comments just because I think it would
be funny and I'm in that mood and even
though I don't even surround yourself
with positivity in realize you can't
filter people comment so let's do this
crack crack crack girl should I make
videos you should make good for men and
you should serve them well you should
serve the grammar God better
ok because maybe they would help you
with your next hit command just like
hell it with me again tomorrow could you
please let me know the different scene
there there and there so I can hate on
Superman's videos better every Monday
and Thursday boo see there Emeline says
I love how positive comments are for the
most part legions just inspire some kind
others whether you spelled my name wrong
al ly but thank you many looks like to
pray to the Li LLY you related to move
on ok that's just ridiculous mallanna is
an animated character I'm clearly
related to Shrek
boom keep Lenny says hey fuzzy girl I
love your sideburns no no no no no no
girl for you will love my legs and I'm
just saying there's not one sentence
where Louise mom doesn't say by the Li
ll why there's three L's thank you Billy
is so Indian I can relate sure so much
as a 10 L I ll why let me please make
your parents versus we the battle our
offense please I'll let Lily lol why no
but I like L oh I can't do that because
you're not asking me your ass
right now everyone is going to become
BuzzFeed oh great
now everyone thinks their opinion is
valid oh this one is a extravaganza
that's okay move to LA things she's
learned a modicum of Americana from the
sanctimonious prejudices of encapsulated
Californians proceeds to preach from
traditional purch mainstream okay Yahoo
how many big words can I use to make it
sound like my comment is smart let me
just go on dictionary.com right now
because I'm a smart person that uses big
words yeah but I'm not smart enough to
recognize that leaving a sarcastic
negative comment is not a productive
thing to do swear I say just otherwise
use that time to take action towards
things I believe in thanks for the view
pretty sure my comment was deleted she
must really love that echo chamber okay
I don't do any comments maybe your
comment was weeded out by natural
selection because it's weaker then the
rest is strong come maybe your comments
were sheep in a comment section of lions
I didn't delete your comment maybe
yourself I subscribe just to unsubscribe
okay so you did something just so you
could undo it essentially cancelling out
your actions or basically things you did
nothing except the way she says Pakistan
and Afghanistan makes me suicidal I
guess what you want me to say is
Pakistan and Afghanistan so I notice I
say that correctly trouncing words makes
you want to die how are you still alive
right now are you just surrounded by
morons or do you just talk to the mirror
all day long what do you what do you
even mean I can't stand her what can you
fit me she is so unfunny her fanbase is
a bunch of kids well your fanbase is a
bunch of restaurants that don't charge
extra for guac in other words they don't
exist yeah she annoys me and comes
across trying hard as f like she has a
chip on her shoulder
tone it down Lily la loi again you're
making me cringe okay well if I have a
chip on my shoulder your comment would
suggest you have a whole goddamn bag of
lays on your shoulder it's absolutely
incredible to see her come so far I've
been watching her for years seeing her
accomplish this much has me kind of
emotional I appreciate you thank you so
much other great thing about the
Internet is how people get so
emotionally connected to will they've
never met I appreciate you and then to
the best and the most wonderful human
being ever as much well not the best the
most wonderful human being but I tried
to wake up every day being better than I
was yesterday so I'm glad you appreciate
that
you look damn booboo is looking like a
snap what you thought model look like a
snack
on a video about why I don't want to be
a relationship it wouldn't be your voice
or attitude now would it
Jesus Christ who could take that on a
regular basis twelve million people
every Monday and Thursday and every
every day on my daily vlog channel on
this channel right now twelve million
people over talking with people at one
person liked your comment so about
twelve million one hundred twenty-five
thousand whatever the hell it is more
than people that liked your comment do
you want me to draw a diagram twelve
tell my view and that's it for today
I've learned all all tlf negative
comments because I don't want to give
that attention but I did have learned
people at positive comment even do so
many wrong oh just kidding I appreciate
all the comments believe in to be honest
negative positive comments I appreciate
all those who show that you're tuned to
spend your time and energy on something
that interacts with my story and my life
and my channel so I think it's dope keep
leaving comments comment below and let
me know should I do more reacting to
comments and you're not like did you
like it kind of laugh I thought it'd be
cool exercise you know why I did this
fun fact when I was talking to will Will
Smith I promise is not just a story to
remind you to comment Will Smith but
just not while we're here I am
third ramiro buddy nothing really cool
he would tell you about how he met some
youtubers that day attached myself and
make negative comments about him and Sam
you know like how to deal with that and
he says here's the thing I respect how
people choose to use their power and I'm
getting better at not just paying
attention see applause we're not letting
the applause or the negativity affect me
and taking it as people just choosing to
the power and I like that's probably
really helpful when it comes to doing
with hey comments and I am a big
believer focusing on the positive so I'm
mostly due to that but every once in a
while I try to read all the comments
because I'm like no I can't just be
completely but I need to get used to
both because in real life you can't go
to comments so I don't ever delete
comments unless the comment is speaking
negatively about someone out there
talking with my friends in my video or
my parents or if they're yelling at
others young kids in the comment section
I'll delete those but it's in there
aimed at me I don't ever deleted a
comment so boom time take a shower wash
my hair because I don't want to be lucky
today when the hairstylist
does my hair doing like Oh usually just
is there any hair in this oil or is it
is it just awesome
then it was a good nap for while why I'm
thinking that's good questions because
I'm essential issues all night I've been
evicted by 9:00 10:00 p.m. and usually
shoot some movies after like 12 to 14
hours this mean I'm gonna get home in
the morning time my schedules going to
completely switch upside down which
means I need to take a nap
what time is it next time good bye
also just kidding after release my video
and do super sexy so first that didn't
happen
let's do this we just take a moment like
so many people have texted me today a
team and friends and all of you that are
tweeting like good luck good luck good
luck so look like before I got from Rick
and Joel Rick's goodie like so mostly
Rick's good eats so I'll say like I just
cannot that is so kind and considerate
I'm blown away
kudos right fantastic you did it way to
go oh it's like like since you guys are
the best go to the best sound yourself
with wonderful people around to stuff
with wonderful people honestly when
other people are happy for your success
that's like Tom's I have no address
if I'm speechless that means I'm impact
because you shake and talk crap all day
long but if I'm speechless I mean thank
you thank you for being part of this
journey with me
4:08 a.m. magic best feeling ever
whoa 5:24 much earlier than anticipated
I'm going to wash my face and go to bed
let's see how we did today
toi top will early finish shooting I'm
not going to tell you about my
experience of every single day because I
don't want to get into details of things
I can actually show you I learned a lot
it was cool and we're shooting tomorrow
so gonna be dope I wish in your videos
say thank you for the love you've been
showing the video I hope you enjoyed it
and I know they all say I had like 10
samosa as well so ever late in time
tomorrow if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe I have a random thing
to say right now and that is already
have a shout out to all the people who
accept other people for who they are I
mean of course you should surround
yourself with people you are compatible
with and that you're good at good with
people that are just like you'll you're
a stranger and I accept you where you
are and I don't feel the need to impose
my opinion is random thought but i dig
people like that do accept acceptance
