home was not my head table good evening
welcome to Lilly Singh blogs my second
channel not my first channel my second
channel if that's news to you where the
f have you been ha filling lives here go
hustle harder it's gonna be a great day
even though let me show you this erectus
what the f is this weather cancelled I
did not I know what it says every time I
do not move here for this needs me
sunshine every single day I am having
problems sleeping I don't know why but
good stuff
that's better I am having problems
sleeping and I don't know why every
night I'm just like there's like music
in my brain and I can't turn it off it's
a lot of things but here's the mission
for today you actually did a lot of work
so call did it second call did it bout
to head to meeting then I'm gonna send
welcome desks gotta go through my inbox
army aha
I don't Matt's friend so may I'll play
some games but you know you gonna make
the last day of the week Friday is the
last day the week right there's Monday
Tuesday Friday said just you know three
independent bus women running the big
nest today you're wearing a carpet
around your neck oh what's happening
here this is a mink scarf just gonna be
good next I was made I teach you paper I
kind of made it with someone so cool and
I want to be there that's all I want to
say I can't tell you but it was just so
cool and I want to be them they were so
funny and so cool it had such a good
time and now we're gonna go surprise
Carolyn cuz it's a birthday with these
beautiful flowers these laws are
wrestling with this 100 I just look so
rough no you don't you look great I
birthday happy birthday Carolyn Carolyn
hi birthday I really care for my back
okay fine we'll go from a distance for
your birthday
Carolyn everyone I like Canadian flags
nice touch in the back the anthem all
y'all that don't know this they change
the anthem which is the change version
of the original no this is the old
version see it says son gone
Nasus me sons anymore because Canada is
woke ok well home I'm so tired
dying all those nights of lack of sleep
really catching up but we're heading to
a new office space right now assemble
some desks then await an early night I
get a massage we'll see also like this
jacket what do you think desks all the
things is masako's first time my desk is
also arrived yes girl get it in there
come on knees quickly and click the ends
yes I set up my desk right there
these ones require a drill so we're
gonna come back to disk
come back to this because these two
holes is tired you didn't even screw in
let's do hurry this is how you know it's
Friday when broken starts by in my head
off it's the next day so I'm supposed to
wake up and go to a dog event chill to
adoption they're not canceled because
the rain honestly finding a dog to
rescue in LA surprisingly it's been so
hard every day that gets message to me
gets taken or sits looks so difficult to
make I'm just like this is what is this
so hard I thought it was so that's what
I'm dealing with I'm actively looking
for a dog what it's proving to be very
very difficult because I want a small
dog and obviously there's certain like
things I'm looking for because my life
is a little chaotic but we're gonna keep
trying I am going to do a makeup have a
Skype call and then Taylor's coming over
to play someone up we do okay a lot of
research and I think we're gonna go see
a dog right now
Brogan's here and yeah we're going this
is brother on the weekend by the picture
realization say what that if you want
what we do Taylor's here there's more
advisor Kemosabe
your entire demeanor is different on the
weekend both of you let's go see a puppy
you nervous dude I'm really nervous okay
so they're really hard to find dogs in
shelters and stuff so basically this is
a family whose puppies had a litter and
they can't keep the puppy so we try to
adopt one of their puppies and see how
it goes but I'm really really nervous
oh my god I'm getting a dog a dog mega
dog I saw the dog and I'm getting the
dog and getting the dog a dog my heart
is racing my heart is racing waiting
with a dog he's such a little cutie it
doesn't have any of the shots or
anything so we need to take care of him
right away mommy will take care of you
this is a real thing happening to real
this is a real thing happening is a real
thing we have to go good in this aw yeah
little baby needs he's so well behaved I
feel in his energy that his cuddles and
care
what do you think baby saying mom I got
the same diet as you have a doughnut and
the same diet as mama hey hi I want to
introduce you to someone mom I ready
yeah this is my puppy what's that - yeah
I wanted to introduce you to someone
real quick oh I already see hi
oh my god
hello kids mom facetiming hurry okay
going to introduce you guys to a new
friend
see hi hi when you're like your mama and
you'll sleep in any condition right now
because like I said yeah you have to
wake up baby you have to wake up it's
time to wake up now baby no more minutes
like I said family I got him from you
know there many of his shots and I just
want to make sure everything's all good
and I just feel my heart is warm because
I could take this puppy into a house
that I was gonna be loving and he'll get
to run around and play he's probably
heard of his bed hey baby
ready to go to the vet baby sounds like
a yes yes just take a guess we did so
good at the vet just now this guy right
here we got some deworming stuff fancy
fancy
and he's so calming that was like you're
so calm and I'm so happy you get a home
now you can run around and play as much
as you want and you know I have no
friends so I will play with you all the
time
he's so chilly that's queen okay so I'm
sad just leaving the guest room today
because there's no Carper there's less
things for my little baby to chew on
look at you look at you you're such a
champion look at you say hi team super
you already know this of all guys gonna
have an Instagram stay tuned I'll
announce the name tomorrow
I'm so happy you know I've always wanted
a dog Megazords in a million excuses but
this little guy needed love and I'm
gonna give him love and I ain't gonna
give him so much love you get so spoiled
I'm gonna go on Amazon right now buy
everything for this dog right now
this dog is my life's turning them on
you too baby
thank you so much for being part of this
journey I have a puppy let's see how we
did today or low velocities
Same Same Same Same Same when they leave
me on red and they don't respond
same
you
