this is hahaha good morning how is it
going how are you
I slept in jeans in this t-shirt last
night and Casimir Idaho and Here I am in
the morning because I don't change
clothes and I don't do things that all
humans do doc brain goo boo
good job by ourselves today is going to
be a productive day I says every day but
today I slept in a little bit and I'm
feeling refreshed and today I just feel
I'm in the mood to solve problems you
know what you ever wake up and it's like
yell today great things are going to
happen and that's how I feel fear is the
mission I got to go through all my
emails my morning email check I got to
do that it's like noon right now for my
morning email check I know I have a 50
email because my team is buck and I also
provide two scripts today script one and
scripts to need to happen for my shoot
tomorrow I got to do my hair makeup by
myself real cash nothing too fancy
because I'm heading to an exclusive
screening or a tunnel on through girl
loves a girl love is partnering up with
the tallest one and they're doing a
screening and it's gonna be awesome I'm
so excited and talk all about that
though I also got to haul stuff now you
might order whether F duos have health
stuff there's because I was a person
that has to be in an environment that's
organized and clean so when I say health
stuff I mean like organize this closet I
still haven't completely moved in or
like one of these pictures like do
something to make the environment better
size mall that you even call problems
constantly today whether it's health
stuff whether it's emails where the
decisions that you make no matter what
it is problems are getting solved today
why because the boss doesn't make the
same mistakes twice and yes they're
doing my shoot a little bit stressed a
little bit anxious we will solve all
those problems today you with me I fight
so sorry set your nose bring magnetic
beam excess bleeding realization of why
my vocal cords probably suck I'm going
I'm sorry you're probably too watch my
vlogs on like minimal volume because I'm
so loud so I am box completely cleared
give me the points is that two massive
emails
give me the point okay I'm not gonna
logica hour and half nap but is because
I think me and everyone on my team we
have like a stomach bug or something
because my stomach is an F so I go back
into LA and my stomach would not have
active or not hour nap now being some
fruit in hopes of remedying that cuz I
forgot zero nutrients in my body that my
body is not just
jacketing so I'd like airing in 30
minutes I didn't want my trips I wanted
to do that when I come back at some
point well figure it out I started at
the other three and resolve problems and
recording I reminisce but actually did
solve a lot of problems
workwise two emails like things we can
streamline on ways we can prove certain
processes yes but work-wise it it
prompts a lot of things but my bandy is
broken so I know how to solve that
before I speak to them I take two shots
of brandy but before we get to take a
shower to measure and make up and get
ready for this girl love screenings
let's solve this someone's a problem but
struggling to think the word this
everybody know you I'm talking about God
and it's hard to be community when you
love yourself so goddam like sometime
you know to be self-deprecating next
bitch shut up
no wait I got it let's fix this
tiredness parents lament all about my
book and the pants and this little thing
that says girl gang what if you lovelies
gave me the glasses to see the movie
we're ready to go little welcome to a
girl up Times atomic blunders a
photobooth these basic hose or yoga or
not them so it was before and their girl
of Brandon and it's fun and taco I'm so
proud of you who just like goes first
Avengers TVA I'll help as well it's
going to be Libya food in theater I
think it
West Liberty Bank its and model is
beautiful I am too impressed right now
can we just take a moment look at it
look at EC first of all some quality
seats not so much Thomas lon merch right
there do I get a shirt to jugging shirt
yeah it's got blonde wigs oh my god it's
so good to eat drinking a movie it is
too good I am so impressed guys good job
yes come through my sis noble excited to
be here is always your black overseas
I'm cool if you are found to be service
people want to go one two three go
every and every hand up 1 2 3 boom don't
even resist it you know the accurate
knowledge in Madison I'm excited used to
the whole increase alright ready also my
rock my freedom on being on my ball
this is my new friend Sofia she lives in
Greece she's always our von count this
is the PR campaign while the last time
schedule was into the drawable and
lovely I woke up at 7 a.m. and also girl
I'm not worth that come on now come on
now Sophie and I have a message and
Sophia's intimacy rights with your
girlfriend we repeat after you ok if you
want to say hi greet watch my videos
yeah yes yes whoever this this toffee
bowel grease watch my video so I can go
visit Sophia come on get on it that was
so great on the wild garden playing ping
pong but it was so wonderful and so
great but it was merge everywhere for
everyone everyone has such great time
which is a small intimate thing it's for
a new girl of initiative that's in
support of female-driven films so you
know both female leads and we're trying
to support those kind of films girl a
bro a girl absolutely happens how that
about my nose was awesome I am just like
she's got moved later date marks I can
wake up to creative good old Kyle who
mushrooms run because he knows what's up
whatever I saw the water palms they're
one of the problems in the office all
with the script but it's okay
I'm still going to go to my emails one
more time for sleep I do a bunch of work
before asleep and that's what's
crack-a-lacking glasses make you look
smart I've discovered so you want to
talk to people now I feel like they
listen to me more yo when you're
watching a few hours on my main channel
my new videos going to come out and of
course you the vlog fan I'm gonna give
you a sneak peek check it out whole bag
supreme I am so flattered hey okay
I'll be going to the school beating
myself up right now because it really
did not do anything today I do not do
too much thousand who has dubbed into
that right two kids didn't do that yeah
my mistress I write my book i LS book
right here you can see says LS heydays I
don't feel productive blood yo yeah the
girl screening I did go to all my emails
Gopal Megan who's right now as well I'm
gonna give myself a fail for today a big
big fail I'm taking the El you only hope
to improve tomorrow sings a few things I
these might be excuses but it's like it
also optimal I don't feel my optimal
energy level I know start off the day
where they go out and that's a good nap
and it feel good night thinking tomorrow
just drink a lot of water stretch try to
do what I can to get back to my optimal
energy tomorrow's really busy dancer
only have much traces it's going to try
to improve for tomorrow that's the goal
let's see how we do
sit on the toilet I ruin about lipstick
wait a minute still ain't be joining me
on today amazing to me movie again I
can't especially how good is an action
sequence in the mood is so so good we've
come on the 28th make sure you go
supportive not a dropping page or he's
only my friend with also she did great
in the movie and I want to support that
because she killed it like he's such a
damn force on that screen and I think
everyone needs to see it so for support
it being atomic blonde the comment about
you know what's up tomorrow we're gonna
redeem ourselves to feel what was today
Annapolis all about it's about feelings
exceeding feelings exceeding that he's
always just trying to improve the next
day and that's we're gonna do smiles old
gentleman who is you like it subscribe
if you like to subscribe you know what I
learn today
with that small intimate girl of
screening I learned that no matter what
causes you believe it in the world even
the smallest things can make the biggest
difference whatever it is you believe in
whatever you want to stand up for don't
think that because you're one person you
can make a difference all differences
and impacts in the world start with one
person usually say oh what do you
believe in let me know
