I thought my tattoos removed JK psyche
head fake oh I got you so good I got you
like oh I actually took a shower
yesterday morning not when I came back
from set so my tattoos still covered
speaking out right there but yeah
attached is it covered usually when I do
movies good morning good afternoon it is
very much so afternoon it is a 1 p.m.
I'm going to be honest can I be honest I
woke up this morning this afternoon not
feeling very happy I don't know why for
no reason are just in a bad mood all
like oh that wasn't feeling very
optimistic and then I was lying in bed
Mel's like yo you have two options
you're lying in bed and beside for no
damn reason didn't get up and make
something happen so I decided to get up
and make something happen and if just
some like career things that have been
bothering me so I'm like let me work on
them instead just complaining about them
because that's what actually makes the
fishing productive sense so here's the
mission for today number one stop
yelling okay they're right there I got
to go to my inbox and send a ganger
important email goes on scripts slash
video idea or some house stuff that I'm
slacking on get a gift for my sister
because today is her birthday dinner
hence go to her birthday dinner aside
from all of that or to surround myself
with positive energies that means you
and that means all the people I love I
mean family and friends which is great
because my sister's having a birthday
dinner today's my day off in terms of
the movie set but not my day off in
terms of hustles we don't get it what
time is it is time to hustle I need to
preface this clip with I am NOT rolling
shade I am NOT taking shots but I am
taking shots I just watch something from
the internet I got a windrow du2 Pole
ever happen to you when you send me sir
snow and observe borked and is watched
only things when like I'm losing brain
cells and I officially concluded this is
my conclusion
my name is really Singh and I don't know
what works on the internet anymore I
don't understand the internet anymore
and a weird scary place and there's so
many good things but there's so many
just freaking things around like I am
concerned for Humanity in fact a JaVale
regain some brain cells
well before we get into this I realized
that it looks like I'm wearing same
clothes every day in heaven did you
shower
there we go that to solve it you have
different outfit oh that hair toss those
fun fact did you know I actually like
biology this is not a brand deal I'm not
getting paid by science and the Ministry
of biology but I actually really like
biology in schools on my favorite
subject and I found it textbook with my
own textbook down there in the basement
so believe it or not get are you ready
for this I'm not in school I don't have
to study I'm going to fill the textbook
why because the sexiest thing you can be
is smart and being smart is better than
being disruptive and rebellion and
stupid I don't mean stupid like if
you're bad at some subject I'm bad at
math I mean like if you're stupid and
like you don't make the effort to try to
learn and be smart and be like a
contributing member of design so my mom
comes to the other day and she was like
oh I'm so boring I have a big believer
of the fact that only boring people get
bored which is wildly my mom and dad
color with me in coloring books but
reading these books one thing the
teachers may is that how could you
possibly be bored and so gonna sound
really lame right up about to think
about how would you be bored when
there's so many things to learn so you
know what I mean like how can one be
bored when you're the internet and books
and there's so much thing to learn is
that but when you think about your body
right using what's my arms my leg
Mahatma but if you actually analyze your
human body do you know how mother effin
blessed we are to have such an intricate
body that works I'm taking all the
systems of the body your nervous system
this is I call you why this is the fear
I know how to explain it because I know
biology but I'm scared won't be accurate
I'm stares someone's gonna roast me I'm
not the referenceable nervous system is
basically with your neuron and how your
body sends messages how your body parts
move how those messages get sent from
body part by from your nervous system to
stimulus and stimuli think that's right
that we control other systems in the
body how control this is the body I was
pretty black a book then you got the
cardiovascular system with your heart
you had the lymphatic system with all
the lymph fluid trends limbs Wow I need
to brush up on my studying here
basically do with your immune system
maybe like the respiratory system to
breathe then you haven't digested
take a pulp any about the urinary system
to take a wee-wee male productive system
which is what I mean though female
reproductive system is what I have hello
truck you're being very loud in the
middle of my lesson but they were all
those things usually things work on your
body just 1 million second for you to
function properly don't tell me you're
bored go learn something I'm going to
come back to you with another
interesting fact and they'll conclude
this little situation here look at this
look at this you see this pack of
Skittles right here this is inside your
body and this is actually every cell you
have millions of cells everything this
is a membrane a plasma membrane and
allow certain things inside the cells
certain things that restricts it keeps
the structure of the cell move this is
inside of you look all of us one self oh
and you will be bored anyway now to put
this textbook ball my night table so I
can read before bed every day and doing
something new and also because I think
there's some diagrams as the male
productiveness who I well mom mom at
casuals yeah that's good that pose was
good as I've had team super so did you
know at one of my shows I don't remember
which one and I'm sorry but I one of my
shows at the end of my show you know the
entire audience saying they sang one
song do you know a song they sang to me
do you know do you know do you know do
you know after I walked offstage hire
audience thank you talk to me it was
there was the girl heard me with Lily
her nipple she leaned anything that's
not a mom to sing the song to when I was
growing up what is it I keep playing
with dolly she dyed her side she go
football chief david ball and they
printed on lyrics and gave it to
everybody in the audience and they all
say good and the best part loans
oh god my mom is really jealous of my
organized shelf closet cupboard and
drawer gang that's when you know i'm a
real success when my drawers are so
organized my mom I'm her biggest
inspiration when it comes to
organization so I've told her that I
will now help her organize her drunk
combat it what I know you're used on
people's log where they do crazy things
but this is crazy
we're about to do this is crazy okay
don't get it twisted we want to go to
the Container Store buy some things to
organize drawers and organize our bemonc
it's crazy crap
you know here I'm a big star change my
home showered body cream I go to the
Container Store and I'm just like do
they really need to know that you
showered I'm like yes JK it's called
solutions in Canada let's take a look at
working with here mm-hmm mm-hmm
let's fix this goodbye oh that's what
I'm talking about right there
there's a pro tip I don't really throw
anything because I don't know what my
parents need and don't need us on my job
but even organizing the clutter
intersections huge anxiety reduction and
the less speed bumps you have in your
day more productive you can be prompted
y know who took the 20 minute not not
you you took the 20 minutes focus on
that appointment now I also want
employment in a physical and I'm looking
ready to go to my sister's birthday
there's good do little quick safe you
put on a shirt and head on over like
this and that you know what's such a
boring process a lot I just do this over
they go I've been struggling recently to
find a lipstick color that fantastical
month and six seven colors and I can
hear the oil pack the three same color
and to expand my horizons I have my
tenders of lipstick biotech insane three
the vast middle paw and so I'm 16
minutes late and I'm the first person
here you know you'll Brown way also I
keep forgetting my glasses almost I want
just keep one pair in the car and one
parent signed I was like nah what if I
want options inside but I think I don't
have to do because especially when it
gets dark I can't see crap so like yo
what's poppin also tomorrow is my end my
super fun and she's mean blogs before
it's her birthday dinner on my house so
I'm the designated DJ what you know
about me you get little Lily an ear so
we gotta prep for that other way not
tomorrow that's Sunday with what day is
it huh
well you're talking about you will shy
of a favor and you're talking to me okay
okay
not tomorrow Sunday although I guess
when you're watching us that is tomorrow
ah this is hard to Marlys saturday
sunday is that but today when I go home
here's the plan I'm gonna go home I'm
gonna send some emails on just feeling
it's not gonna like midway through today
I was not feeling it and I was can be
real honest I've left crying for no
reason and it leads me to believe that
someone commented under my blog
yesterday saying yo maybe you have ever
owned in Mexico but that
animus sa D it's seasonal something
disorder Africa say is but essentially
if you don't always complain that like
when there's no Sun and it's not hot I
get really like unexplainably upset like
not just like oh it's not sunny but it
affects everything about me and someone
is like on the same way and some people
are way more sensitive Ords that and
there's AG lamps and things you can buy
flotsam to conclusion that I need to
invest in one of those lamps because so
many times what my day when it's not
sunny I randomly feel like crying or
like not myself and I'll never like that
around Sun and I like well I'm throwing
short when I get home doing work and
then I'm a watching stand-up comedy
tomorrow I'm going to reread the
Fahrenheit 451 script and I'm going to
take my parents movie and Sunday is that
dinner from at now that you know what
I'm doing all weekend you can breathe
because I know you were super stressed
about my weekend plans and now your life
makes sense but yeah I wondered I love
well maybe and/or it is really hard
because actually no there's some
permeable membrane in the sodium
potassium pump will let certain things
in certain things out maybe when you're
a nerd you have similar filters okay one
more thing for the vlog forever the
whether it's Ronal is crazy it's
literally insane I don't know where it's
pouring nowhere it doesn't even like
ease into I'll just be like slow motion
of the rain imitation please come at me
movie roles not only can i play human
but I can play the weather can we just
take a moment tell me this is not
exactly what I sounded like when I
imitate the rain
gimme movie role
not by a mafia I am big darling shooting
cars Wow
almost a full moon because my sister
your friends wanna go to a club because
I see social photos like what y'all are
the real Club I want to go and do some
work from my comeback encompasses they
say they want to go for an hour so we're
gonna go to a club for an hour but I'm
not gonna take you inside with me
because I don't have anything to hold
you with and I'm already holding my
phone and my wall and all it's just I'm
gonna leave you in the car and also
because I want to be vlogging in there
so I'll talk to you shortly we went
clubbing happy irony lack of momma and
also I would just love Luxan I used to
go to like when I was in university and
so I going back with mad memories and
she doesn't understand the position of a
hike men so basically in certain genres
of music like kpop especially red and
all of the height menaces like if you're
before your party make some right dynein
she does like what I'm after you know
and I was like how dare you how dare you
actually another really degrading to
women it's like literally what he said
was during one just like you know
dancing for your toe your hair there's
no something I can group could be hair
stinky and there's all the girls are
like yeah you know I had a video about
this the clubbing is really like I was
telling Tina they need to make some
confident one but if you guys offended
at dancing at the same time can I have
your own credit card put your hand up
and it won't forget they never say that
you want to cheat on your monitor and if
you don't need a man for nothing with
you yeah I give you got nobody pretend
up on like whoo yeah whoo it's twelve
fifty two hundred night is over
no but we could have stayed we're like
we're choosing that word you know no
responsible adult child I said yeah I am
was cookin good-lookin just got home not
gonna do any of the things I said I was
going to do because pretty late now got
that line ladies the line the white line
or like the crusty lines on the stick or
like lip gloss those the worse but I'm
not going to watch the stand-up stuffs
I'm not going to do email I said I was
going to do because it's pretty late I'm
gonna wash my face read Len go to sleep
or some face read then go to sleep that
is the order of saying that for me and
not for you because I need to remember
what to do and not fall asleep put the
makeup on my face then I get pimples I
don't wake up tomorrow be like how about
did I get base grandpa's also minor no I
got to say you might really miss him I
can tell you what I miss I miss people
dancing in clubs I feel like this is not
a thing today we're at the club and
literally everyone just like and I do
hear this mom mother effing song I could
little be doing this and I would win a
dance battle there I swear to God
everyone you would promise
everybody's trying to get booty today's
everybody trying to get booty in the
club but I understand I'll trying to get
some but this song is bumpy DJ is
spinning let's just dance because ever
is your girl right here at most
Daniel through an eight-count
mother-effer that's where as me crazy as
a dancer and someone used and drives me
crazy I'm not give me some decisive but
no disturbed to stop being so disgusting
ok let's see if and we did it
toilet we're learning thanks for joining
me on today's show since they don't do
it in clubs I'm gonna do right now
pretend to the club if you's a confident
person comment below saying if you are
an independent person come a building
and if you're strong woman that doesn't
need to tell other women down to get a
head count below say and if you want man
values others humans that doesn't
degrade them and you say hey in the
comments below yo i'ma go to bed while
we got a lot of things to do that we
didn't do today and just a lot of things
to do in general I think I have another
self tape audition to do and you know I
love though so it's going to be a really
really busy day so in house my if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe yeah look at this old within
your walls video wall so many memories I
just was way before people try to sue me
for everything and I could do things
like this and I could have all these
types of things if you really call
that's cute you did it like y'all did
you lose pink in your background because
I also like pink therefore I think you
owe me money and I think I'm going to
turn to you so
