happy my doula and hip you read enough
happy rejuvenation Sunday I woke up
whenever I wanted got a better 1:30 p.m.
oh it's fine for second week in the row
I'm having for juvenescence Sunday I
don't know when it's gonna happen again
but if you are an old-time blog watcher
you know that I used to have this day on
Sunday where I clean the house relax
tried not to do work watch the game of
Thrones and I feel it was birthed from
Game of Thrones and now that I show is
back rejuvenation Sunday is back so
today's missions literally just whatever
is clean for juvenile house and we said
it fix my eyebrows usually your myself
facial usually is one more thing I have
to do which is just confirm stuff for my
Lily live tomorrow with Alex Lawrence
aside from all that murder barbecue go
on to Game of Thrones and it have a good
time we're gonna clean first Lego who
Armani made right now sweating buckets I
got a lot done
crema been vacuumed fix my makeup thing
prima makeup tink wash my makeup bag and
the other bag that things exploded is
now all my stuff is clean clean my
washroom team like toilet team mommy
routine that is my bra clean that big
mirror over there as well and then
cleaned humble washroom after you
cleaned it because I have OCD and I will
double-check the woodwork all right all
six I've shaved my legs by choice that's
how hot it is right now I'm going to
start making some plaster and setting up
stuff I always read the ice every time I
get together always forget the ice when
you figured out how to be a host and
your standard is consistent everything
is going right I'm getting real good at
this whole thing thing we're still three
or four things I always forget it
I bucket I need a jug from water a brush
for the barbecue and smoke songs reverb
to forget these every time so I've got
Silverman forgot these things again I'm
got bring real great let me show you
mom's recipe show the game kill him
again oh my god my past so so bad she
said but hi okay knocking oh I did say I
look like I'm gonna walk what the ticket
is okay okay thanks mom for the recipe I
said all of these humans I'm such an
adult I'll give you the recipes on a
post-it note dumpsters sometimes
humble and Dahmer playing sing what
would winning loud um Wow
for example I'm beating you nothing
oh he's going off from the camera no oh
oh my gosh you I love I love everything
everything I even know how to get your
way back try how that kind of possibly
get Taylor as a gift and unless you
really have everything because you work
with me like I'm here the nerve as
possible they're doing be happy just
such a good job helping on the Game of
Thrones video I'm appointing you you are
officially being the Queen tagged in the
Queen this is your official thing and
you are basically my Tyrion I'm gonna
cry
hand of the Queen official Siddhant I
don't know better no no get way way is
revisited handed the Queen I'm a rope
here Maliki I'm excited
Polaroid's has been added from our
evening yeah I'm very successful every
we know so cool
we have both wonderful sold people and
everybody else extremely elite or
whatever they do yes wonderful so great
should be hot enough yes humble guess
what just happened what is this I need
so many of the climbers go rather guess
what happens a super digital news and
famous TV over 12 million you don't know
thank you so much about 14 super weeks
ago when they thought I would get
subscribers quicker than I actually do
they've been like talk about 12 movie
freely for so long y'all are so on top
of milestones it's also special
sometimes I didn't even realize it but
seems to first so on top of it you guys
are so one for 12 million I went to say
I always say I'm insane again the
numbers are not the main reasons but
told me there's a lot of people a lot of
goddamn people told me is a lot of
people thank you so much I look forward
to growing our family even more here is
212 million and each of us doing our
part to make the world a more wonderful
place and doing what excites our soul
and making art we believe in and just
know it's to me it's about you defining
what you want a fruitful life to be and
then doing that and for everyone's
answer will be different but here's
tomorrow battling bad doing what
fulfills you and humble and me and team
super 12 million freaking amazing thank
you so so so so so bad the best part of
Game of Thrones going on Twitter after
the side recruiting people to eat
Savannah's are so fun how you do it for
hours I think the infrared is so witty
some doesn't so smart the time is 3:00
a.m. I got a nose rejuvenation sundae
just to send some emails right now where
I go to sleep to prep for the livestream
tomorrow had a really great rejuvenation
Sunday I'm sure this vlog is going to be
long because I didn't really log how
much I kind of just enjoyed myself
apologies for the short vlog when I
spoke for 12 million thank you for that
we'll celebrate again tomorrow with my
team and what is this something my hair
is just the wall behind the wall behind
okay great what's up properly tomorrow
as well
yeah what else can I tell you mean have
you think I think I didn't tell you what
was it let me think hold on oh I know
what it was in a few hours a few things
are happening Lily live is happening
with Laura DIY and Alice wasabi so I'll
put a link to that in the description
below on my main channel it's going to
be a third real edition which exciting
and all my main channel also after that
a main Channel video
dropping when we get a sneak peek right
now my name's Chuck wrap up Stan shirt
it's good to be sick that's the one
where I played so many characters and so
hard to shoot but I think it's going to
be great and I hope you like it
essentially called what it's like being
on a movie set or something to that
effect I'm decide design the title to my
video it's a process I send it to my
team I get one to vote on which time
I'll give them three options like a
whole ordeal every time I release a
video but that's going on so it's going
to be an exciting event full day a whole
bunch of media and tomorrow I'm also
going to the atomic blonde premiere to
feed Bay older sister Lisa and I'm so
glad to do that so it's gonna be lit BAM
before today the mission was just to
jealousy I would
oh gosh it was so clean so I let top
when thank you for joining me on baking
but can you believe there's only five
episodes left
honestly it's wrong it's wrong literally
wrong but I think the next episode I
think Johnstone chairs are going to be
each other there know what I'm talking
about just not anyways and down tomorrow
when the Hustle will continue I'm so
glad I got to rejuvenate today it's not
going to happen next week next week I'll
be in Montreal on Sunday I somehow
convinced my friends to wait until
Monday to watch game with roses we won't
be they actually to it does well good
any like it subscribe did you wreck it
so bad no humble said something to me
that really got me thinking he was like
yo you know that dominoes video we have
so many subscribers that every domino in
that video represents a thousand people
if his math is correct
and if I'm not double joining but every
terminal represents a thousand people
