I really stopped being late for things
closed boarded what is going on I am
late as per usual is a very bad habit up
and try to shake but it's engraved into
my blood we're always late brow people
are always late but that's not an excuse
kind of it's genetics DNA chromosomes XY
and here's what the mission is say I am
headed to a lunch with Vidya Vox to
emerge each fan of I think she's
extremely talented I've never met her
before so we're going to lunch after
that I got and shoot some random
possibly shoot that video as much in
yesterday's my boob showing our my boob
showing English after that I have a
climbing appointment today I'm also
trying to some health stuff I said
everyday all I need to unload my cars
and label a bunch of things car I'm
going to close mixed heart unload my car
unpack things but wearily and I wanted
to do waiting so let's go it's clearly
 put me in a move no very
carefully to slap you against the car
so if you want to last a while you know
I've talked about the spectacular human
being and I love her me so much
wonderful I told her to come over and
play with the snow machine yes no chance
I'll talk about a moment ago but you
know she also if you're not are you
gonna rock here examination we just had
lunch with our friends back I've
returned open my garage something comes
out of it and goes all over the driveway
you know what
hot lunch is so awesome video credits
tractor sawmill my tire I haven't
addressed yet
I said go Chester like get that moving
also when I turn on my AC those rare
times my fans like a weird noise and
like adulting so much is so hot why I'm
wearing this I don't know I dress myself
but I really know this is a national
holiday on unicorn island why happy
Selena Gomez day it is too late as
always his birthday and you already know
how much would impact she's made on my
life she's the truth the real OG hoping
as a fan and someone who does a really
admires many many more years to go more
years to come of inspiring people being
doping or apologize yourself I'm all for
that in honor
let's clean the government we are going
to go back to some key moments in my
life
religiously gomez and go
we are defense again
Oh finish I and she's already wonderful
I can already oh my god I'm trying so
hard to be cool all of my energy going
into being cool right
guess I'm a bad liar Oh give me the last
one didn't have as much to do with
Selena but inspired by her sexy voice
and all the bones and the groans and the
bad life and the fetish Camilla
mmmmmm
Edwards s real sauce I'm talking which
is watching us which is not for y'all
single message should be a national
holiday everyone should be all for today
straight-up we had to move to set up and
now we're facetiming Derek to help us
get the camera setting back and he just
called me an f-stop
what yes stop
show me the absolutely the thing is no
because it's a setup that we're trying
to replicate me standing here so you
have to go behind the camera you can't
handle it
well no you got a matrix you're way over
here we can use move the mic the mic
communicate okay okay now who's first
difference
I want the shutter we want the f-stop
five hours okay that's college dude all
right let's start shooting rant number
one hopefully I'm going to Greaseballs
the pre which is I'm quitting we smell
supreme mmm sounds delicious
one rant done give me the points just
FaceTime with my mom they're out of a
balloon party and literally every single
one of my cousins is there except for me
and I'm just like a single teardrops and
I'm like they're having so much fun
there's a bouncy castle my nephews are
in all my cousin's other group of people
like rarely gets together I'm like oh I
mean I'm happy to be here working but
like Oh seems so nice I'm gonna go poo
no I love this song
okay let's not get copyright sake here
I know you saw my cleavage I don't care
shorts Luke after quarter second rent
they go second red zone when you watch
this video and I'm so shiny as hell mo
because it slow down luck definitely
bring my hair like this
my hair is nowhere all mine it's so hot
it's so hot if so I'm dripping a lot to
this am I you know what is I in the
idiot box because this thing I was
trying to shoot by myself which by the
way Michael I was dreading because like
moving around the tripod and so I I've
done left that is behind if I'm not good
at it but I was going to like woman up
and be like okay scales into this one
but so much of the videos types of
contacts in your phone wires me using
another phone to call my phone so that
someone keeps calling me show in
different contexts ask it and notice how
it I've known here so I have my video
for Monday done just Thursday so I have
time shoes I'm going to tack down to
another shoe and I'm going to give
myself a stare inside it is a to much
today now the whole - how stuff I've
been doing also script writing I can do
some silver door but not that that's me
singing a lot I just don't enjoy the
shooting by myself thing anymore because
I think it's so much more fun and
humanly is that's the word I don't think
it is have more people around to not do
so alone I find a little bit depressing
what is also so Nagma crack-a-lackin'
and my styling appointment is at 11:00
p.m. today is illegal on netiquette so
all these people have been hiding me in
this video this dominos video it's
called tribute to Superman 12000
dominoes for me about his falling
subscribe sister I'm not even done but
it's really really close and so I will
watch the everyone watch the first time
right now this is my live reaction i I
think this is Domino trick it's by
someone named Heather by scrolling to
the video down below as well put into my
live reaction
but if three days of work
call through both Alvin Domino's oh my
god I've strived into stressing me out I
have to stress about this I don't like
it QT oh my god oh my god oh my god is
happening is happening
I'm stressed I'm severely stressed
she'll go eff up that is not theirs
knowing that is that is not a senator
there is no way there is no oh my god
this is don't that in sight oh my god
if this ass up I'm going to just be
heartbroken are you kick go shut oh my
god is it the wizardry I and shook I
will shook it oh my god girl will come
for me I'm I'm too stressed I I'm too
tough for the normal I'm too stressed
how it is happening no no no no go
vertical
oh shut the have fun all obsessed about
the presenter yes I was doing just the
right birth
okay first of all I have so much boob
sweat right now I don't even understand
how that happens that is a phenomenal
amount of talent I'm so blown away
thank you so much for the crime mess in
the video like that is so much effort
wow think they just said three days out
of your life doing this video and for me
it's so awesome for team super I am
absolutely blown away so I'm going to
share that a part of this thank you so
much make sure you bought a link
inscription show them some well because
that is just so so incredible wonderful
thank you oh my god stop the effort of
the channel right now when the goods
arrive does Italy one box of the hundred
in my garage I am headed to the grocery
store right now because I'm having a
little bit of a barbecue for jubilation
Sunday tomorrow a little bit of a
barbecue flavor thrown and I actually
asked my mom the recipe to season the
chicken beside funniest crab vegetarians
using chicken but I have the recipe now
need to get some things
so we're heading here and Lulu and the
back started take you with me I always
have a hard time carrying my camera
little grocery shoppers and holding so
many things I don't back the girls
things I needed chicken for the meat
eaters macron salad add ranks for
everything but like limes Renata and
when I possible vegetarian and at veggie
burgers and a vegan cheese for tacos we
begin so they will cover that season
some chicken I only made this much mess
I'm packed I'll show from the shoe fix
my bed you read a point you know that
this is the manifestation of my guilt of
not doing the skit I supposed to do so
now I'm going to be like ultra
productive another ways I can already
feel like hugging you you always great
mm-hmm you did it yeah also I put a load
of laundry in the washing machine
Grif is appalled eggplant lasagna and
I'm about to watch some jane break time
and so about to show humble the Domino
video he's heard of one reason CD yet so
you watch it will gather your thoughts
appear again sauce that was astounding
yeah shout out to the vishwas seriously
I really appreciate the effort that was
put into this I think that's what
impressed me the most we were just
talking about how we for the tour
announcement
video to make Sydney happen it took us
out good all-nighter essentially to
figure that out we knocked it over by
mistake like 100 times and I don't even
remember it being even like one tenth of
the girls exactly we need to call you
next time seriously like what I
appreciate about this too is you can
tell like they genuinely like you and
their fans and they put in a lot of
effort anything effort matters when you
put in effort mm-hmm so good the only
humble patient like a very noted a great
job humble person see right now there's
a lot of work that's so much work I
think there's a picture of her like
stepping in the middle of one of the O's
to pick something although I got we
knocked over Sydney no exaggeration at
least three times I think that's what's
making me appreciate it because we just
tried to use the word Sydney and it took
so long and we were losing our moon
shines again wash my hair give me the
point I introduced in black hair sorry
about your that means that means it's
time for me to end the vlog or any kind
of star because I forgot but yo we had a
productive day we didn't get the skit
done I feel like I had a very very
productive there's a lot of small tasks
and some bigger tasks so let's see how
we did today
but literally tomorrow we bring back
rejuvenation Sunday the second week in a
row I love Sunday off this is probably
the probably not can happen next week
inspected over your Montreal so I do
because really not too bad we're trying
don't try for Sunday's is so hard while
traveling but yo tomorrow we're having a
barbecue and game a drunk coming to the
iron throne back up the toilet and it's
going to be sick thank you very much
Dale you had a lovely wonderful day we
need you monkey you will allow your love
sharing the table all the time without
holes really does rock supergroup if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
yo you want to check out this cute
Selena Gomez musical recap I did it is
on my Instagram stories I see coma I
found that inside your not doing it I do
story sometimes and stuff I'm not that
girl appeal sometimes I do them and
stuff so final double tap file or double
tap tap that booty twice in a row give
me that heart you know what's good time
very my Harris now my
