still have a height from over your n
tings good morning I feel like my right
arm is broken and I feel like myself is
broken we'll talk about that again later
Oh Mike right is waiting outside here is
the mission for today I am headed for
wardrobe fitting for Raven Fahrenheit
451 and hair and makeup trial after that
I have the whole day free summer emails
a lot of work do everything to my room I
said I was going to yesterday cleansing
time with the fam I thank you mama I
don't really know the rest of my mission
is today because my cars waiting outside
I won't be late so I don't think I can
vlog this year I don't know what the
vlogging with the movie stuff is yet so
we are back in a couple hours I'm gonna
leave you here is that okay I'll be back
a comment I'll let you know how it is
I'm so nervous but but you know thank
you so many hours later I debated for a
bit being like shy even vlogs I even do
the rest of this because so much I do go
but it is lovely everyone there is so
nice so lovely Michael B Jordan for
quick-set you know wasn't mad about that
I was looking damn pie and you a
sweetheart and everybody else that works
is so sweet and lovely at wardrobe and
hair makeup testing I wish I could show
you the costumes and something that I
can a lot of things of the next two and
a half weeks I'm not gonna be able to
share with you and so blogs might be
shorter and it might be gaps in the day
you might be less in the dark but I
can't show you those things so things I
can't show you I feel like right now I'm
home super sleepy because where they
should be like an hour from my house so
the our car ride is like someone pick me
up so I was like well keep in the
background so I'm trying to take a nap
but Mother's Day right I'm going to
Staples to buy some things for the
makeshift offers often so that makes you
stop this office is a little but that
makeshift office I make it here you make
you pen the pencils I note that my
post-its all those things I usually use
in LA let's go get them right now me he
would happen to I don't even need a
notebook but he's a local special pretty
look at snow book I probably should get
a nope I'm actually like 10 times more
successful fatter notebook
I'm going to go ahead and give myself
some points not only for getting
supplies or for not spending my goddamn
life safety on the supplies I got in and
out or real quick and even by that many
unnecessary things a few unnecessary
things we're not that many also I really
need to stop being like crap again you
know it seems so good now my god are
these a copy there's a lot myself but
I'd like a chin and jawline this is not
a mirror right okay
wash my hair give me the point let's get
this desk poppin it's not that bad we
can make it better
oh the cleanliness comes through
okay I need some major at some points
right now cuz the deep cleaning I did in
this room clear out this complete drawer
throw everything organized it cleaned
this entire just so much stuff I threw
away it's all right here I'm like nope
we're gonna like over again oh I never
use it no I'm talking things like since
I was in high school that's whole
forever in themselves but I donate a
whole bunch of stuff throw away some
stuff and make the room functional for
2017 version of Lily because I keep
coming back and visiting and it's
constantly a problem I got so much stuff
for example my stuff and I want to come
here and feel like I can work and like
it's a home I want to feel like a
stranger in the parents house so problem
solved here we go it really is difficult
for me to part with my Hannah Montana
playset because I used to love Hannah
Montana growing up by lease Hannah
Montana but I'm gonna let it go because
I think another child will make more use
out of it than I will so ladies and
gentlemen I should become an adult
because I'm putting other people's
happiness before mine and we go this is
you know come back back was very QE
remember there is one I'm keeping
because some things you don't grow it up
if you go even more into right friend
for the past like seven years I've never
been able to watch this TV because of
them stuff in front of it today the only
thing in front of it and some figurines
can actually watch TV okay guess what
email I just got this really big deal
for Reese I just got an email you know
mr. way too much read you I don't want
this has been like three years in the
making literally thousands of dollars
and three years writing hello Lillian
team congratulations consist
congratulations today
Lilly's application to register
permanent resident status has been
prove they can expect her green card to
arrive in more than a week
finally ha status if their United mother
fits good
you understand to give you some context
even before I moved to LA I had a visa
and because I have a visa like I have to
go to a longer line at the airport
they're not like the really first world
problems I had it always will be a
different line at the airport it was a
question more crossing the border
sometimes I'm not able to do certain
jobs just there's just so many things
I'm can't buy wine at the grocery store
inside my passport like there's just so
many things that I couldn't do and I was
always stressed because I'm like my visa
is gonna run out eventually and for
three years I've been trying to get my
green card and today at 3:03 p.m. on
August 8 2007 your girl got a green card
oh my god in celebration of this moment
analysis want to take a moment to be
like yo I feel so grateful because I
know especially right now there's so
many people that would die to be my
scenario like where they got residents
in the States or in any country and so I
wanted a moment to be like yo I'm so
grateful and so sorts of people I don't
have to see me on their mug who are
struggling to settle in a safe place and
just like this really doesn't know
absolute Canadian I find Clara friendly
people think that that means I'm an
American citizen and no I just have two
more residents there I'm still a
Canadian citizen Trudeau Trudeau Trudeau
true but I got a great my call time for
tomorrow morning just got pushed by two
hours from 9:30 to 11:30 which means I'm
a watch from mother F and Jane the
Virgin right now it's a good moment and
I can't wait for you Raymond also when I
met Michael B Jordan taking you of
myself is like you'reyou're awesome I
was like I was like purple one second
with what was that how am i today
Tuesday you're excited to meet me okay
thanks um pineapple all right I'm gonna
go to bed we had a very productive day a
lot but you didn't see I'm sorry so
let's see how we did
you
yeah looks like a toilet talking clearly
apparent stores open side I want to go
wake them up but thanks for joining me
on today again like I said my have some
short vlogs I could see else if I'm
doing where I show you as much as I can
I'm so glad you're on this journey with
me and and go near roller coasters gonna
be dull tomorrow I got more wardrobe
stuff and some camera testing and stuff
like that and then I think I might have
a few days off if my team's gonna get
600 emails and L tomorrow so if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe by the way I'm sure you figure
it out at this point but I'm no longer
going to South Africa with Charlize and
Chelsea a few logs back you know the
peseta lots of things because my shoot
for this movie doesn't allow me to go to
South Africa I promise I will soon one
day
