holy crap I changed my shirt good
morning the time is 12 noon so good
afternoon I local the little wazzle
recently these days I'll wake up I'm so
tired
rewind not going to talk about sex is so
repetitive sorry it's my first instinct
the mornings I'm so not a morning person
even though the new Miss my morning and
just my body's not made for anything
less than ten hours of sleep but aside
from all that's nothing you haven't
heard before it's not a really busy day
ahead of us I keep doing this we keep
seeing down my shirt let me check like
this hello we have a really busy day
ahead of us mission you for today's wake
up write a script did that kind of sort
of maybe I wrote the skit portions
she's get quick the rant she's red blue
my laundry padlocks Game of Thrones
right after that go to the airport fly
to Toronto for two and a half weeks and
speak English today the goal is enjoy my
last couple hours here to another week
so not such a long time but long enough
to make you feel some type of way the
fly right there distracting me that's
why I keep looking over there let's get
this cameo in here hold on again why me
can't move this glass right here again
what this device why me trapped in here
but Jen let me get inside here probably
drunk Specter may have too many shots
you know my friends don't stop me it was
ladies free before 10:00 you reach the
players not me drunk and we don't know
what to do Halloween I can turn up let
me do another shot oh yes you're not
going to be so hungover tomorrow but
yeah so it's Sunday you want to get in
the church mood is that what's happening
power business of Bellevue
oh so sweet I wash my hair doctor is he
thinking back Oh Alan did they think of
fast oh I'm sure my on my list even
super mad fool oh man even shooting a
video this is just how we hang out more
just like straddle you like it when
you're shooting the skip portion and now
I got to write the rent and quadrant we
finished an hour and a half early off
get questions also according to many
videos I haven't been off so long so
give it a point that we're all white
right right right right
comes my laundry yo yo yo a super model
just FaceTime you check this out kind of
hot my mom Garfield are you going that
way because they're not stepping up on
this game making the rest of us feel bad
pal
oh come on give me pause show me one
pause give me one porn yes very good
growth the way you were the point
recorded the rent I'm going to the point
a niche packing glue the points that's
the watch Game of Thrones my flight got
delayed 20 minutes really help me out
but mmm I was the last up so watch maybe
not allows maybe laughing looking for
well we go to messenger oh the last
episode with my feet together
everybody let's enjoy this moment
whatever they put it but if we wiggle
this does one time
my god oh my god oh my god oh I will die
I will die I won't stop breathing this
episode is - my heart can take it
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
little don't do it maybe I was a room I
have that episode was so death I'd lost
my voice even more so that was visually
stunning and I am so shook I tell you in
that episode I think that's my favorite
solo show of the entire show I know is
my favorite absolutely entire seven
reasons holy crap holy crap holy crap
we just didn't follow I will not
watching that's it I'm really bad
actually can you just tell me the
episodes I feel like they think I'm a
nerd and they won't believe me but can
you just as a more level-headed person
that doesn't get excited like me it was
it was an episode that gave you
everything it gave you some satisfaction
it gave you some forward thinking what's
going to happen next and then give you a
lot of violence a lot a lot of violence
it was Andy I'm a CGI artistic murders
like this I'm not going to split up I'm
saying it wasn't so much fun to shoot
Emilia Clarke
Denise's like footage for this like that
you're good with words
no I'm just thinking probably just so
much fiber you know I did it if I watch
this vlog and handsome different you
said that oh okay well I would be a
scigirl you couldn't something wrong
with innocence does it assume it's
something with greens women say what
you're just a green-screen everything
green screen if somebody says the
nearest egi what a baby every single
time veneers look this windows dragons
as green cream that's like every episode
yeah all right baby the close-ups people
have to get your mouth was and it was so
good so god I'm really sad to be leaving
right now attending to change nothing
lie I know for seven million times way
but I fly breathing fish'
I'm really sad to be leaving I'm so
excited to be going to Toronto see my
family and shooting this movie has been
an amazing experience and I can't quit
my finger on why I'm so sad leaving I
think I just really miss being in one
spot for more than 10 days in the last
four or five months the longest I've
been in one spot ten days yes fly I know
I agree we leave our windows open which
is why there's only fly school there's
literally four there's only four flex
okay I'm really sad but I'm excited for
this journey I think one of the reasons
I admittedly inside I'm nervous to go
shoot I think that's me calling my own
BS moving you're nervous to go shoot
this movie because the big deal Michael
B Jordan and Evan HBO HBO aka the
friggin place Game of Thrones worsens
and I'm just nervous
all both are examiner try my best and
put my heart and soul into it but it
stopped though do things for yourself
but it's also necessary for major than
myself because when other people are
around I I'm not as focused and we can't
learn as much when I have all these
comfort because people equal comfort at
the end of the day people there is
comfort I actually sometimes it's not
comforted sometimes we really awkward if
my friends are on set like I need to
focus so I think I should open a huge
challenge and you know it is Charles
that I notice I just realized I don't
want to leave because within the walls
of this house that's my comfort zone
that's exactly where it is I see my own
bed as my comfort zone friends are here
have routine and I don't want to leave
because in Agoura canto even also my
home but I'm going to thrust myself into
discomfort essentially well that's what
it is
I'm so glad at least you're coming with
me let's go to Toronto bye hi bye when I
see you in two and a half weeks hi
hi bye-bye
have we gone we remember in 84 years and
we haven't taken off life until a 100
times including on the plane those ways
they call can't leave even watch the
show the class size also thank you right
now call these because in calendar t
home by leaps one Muslim thinks the
whole time I'm here you know who's not
here manual no she's in Sri Lanka and
she's not here the whole time I'm here
which is really sad but it's a Camp
Atterbury doing some awesome stuff
yo focus on me thank you I woke up said
8:30 a.m. I'm going to get that much
sleep I'm gonna sleep a few hours and
the vlog here let's see how we did
toilets up with Larry thank you join
young today very very long day
reproductive there Jesus balls don't
come back if rule today I am going to
three and then I'm going to occur and
then I'm going to OB Oh cause you my
boys really you know I can't wait to
take you along with me and tell them if
you like it subscribe if you liked it
subscribe
shout out to mom moms are the best you
clean my room she bought a lamp to the
total how my room so dimmer and started
working she a real one she a real one
also let's take a look at the original
video wall and my vision board knows all
my vision board Hollywood that right
there that sign that I can see for my
roof what a life
