rejuvenation Saturday maybe good
afternoon
the trend is 120 no dough into into the
past hour nothing nothing because I
slept and kind of sort another here's
what happened I had like 100 missed
calls one other who is calling me not
realizing that someone on my team called
for a person from Tesla to come to my
house and they were calling me because I
don't answer random numbers I finally
answered and so right off the bat I've
gotten my talk I'll talk higher by Taric
higher my car tire pick was a loner let
me tell you more about that in a second
but first go to the mission for today's
you almost lost measure regrouping we
are going to get my car tire what my car
tire fix did that I'm going to write
some scripts check my email I'm going to
the movies of Tia and then I'm going to
stop by Justin shoot later on today and
a bunch of other work I also want to
have some soda lots of time aside from
all of that I am just kind of
rejuvenating I slept in a little bit I'm
feeling good I'm going to go downstairs
have some breakfast can feed out my
shirt okay you're you know what's there
let's talk about this car tire story
time with levy the last night in case
you miss i vlog yesterday with a nail in
my tire that's been there for a while
came out on the highway and my tire
pitch was super super low so if I tire
with said she completely flat when I got
home and I had an appointment to go
chesil this morning which I couldn't go
to but I couldn't go so someone came to
my house to fix it here's the deal
though it's a loaner tire it's not like
a real replacement a loaner tile wasa
have style what can I not say the word
tire tired tired
let me show says I say I'm tired every
day tight but I have to return it within
three business days and they got to call
me to let me know when that can happen
because we got to see if they can
replace a tire fixed to try whatever so
I'm leaving tomorrow so I was like yo
that does it like this is another thing
to add to my dream is I have to do for
at least more can't be through business
days because also it's not a business
day today or tomorrow so I can't return
it on through business day so we're free
girl but that's the current dilemma for
now let's go let's go eat a cookie let's
go eat let's go eat some breakfast
so the other day I was on the internet
and I always see these fascinating
things that are like click this to read
this and I move my heart is weak so it
was about a whale that was near the
shores and clearly dying so they had to
shoot the whale and then scientists cut
the whale open to see why the whale died
you know was inside the window 30
plastic bag yeah because humans destroy
the planet so the 30 plastic bags as
well which is why it died and we put all
these back to display museum people come
seen as this was inside or where all
this to say we're really wasteful human
sometimes not all humans and most humans
as humanity we can be very wasteful and
so whatever it is committed to doing
right now not high in my superwoman to
do it because I've many other things to
do but it's high in my humanity to do
this and that is I keep saying it off
hangers I keep saying I had too many
clothes and you don't need calls lots of
people need clothes so I'm going to go
through my closet put a whole bunch of
clothes aside to donate them that is
what we're doing
boom come room to box of clothes set
aside give me some points although i
don't think i need points that and give
a signal log but yo you have so much
stuff usually things you don't use a
long time I'm kind of really pay
attention things I haven't using because
alright someone else could use this
thing so two box of clothes I mean very
productive mood for like doing things
that you clean that drawer actually at
some point I cleaned up since little
part of my room those bags are then like
half points I wasn't that big of a tab
and now I'm going to go fill to frame
the two posters that's a miss cool task
but still one of those things you put
off we just do that Lego
ooh per day took a shower give me the
points for hygiene I'm headed to the
movies with TIA I'm not probably taking
the theater cuz I have to hold a hundred
thousand things and you already know how
I feel about blogging with other people
so how many movies that replacement
tired oh so the good news is this list
says I still extend the loner and then I
can return it when I come back from
Toronto so crisis averted
so that movie was so good girls trip I
think all girls night before I remember
girls trip reminded me of my girls back
in Toronto I miss them so much I'm so
glad I got watch with TIA
I necessary adored here I feel like
meandher are really spiritually
connected and we share a lot of
similarities and I'm so glad I got to
see my surgeon like I even dillema I
like that I'm friends with you not like
orchestra friends with plants and which
is eventually hey my little movie a lot
of the friends I have like that are in
Toronto I don't have that many in LA so
I'm just so happy in front of her she's
so lovely and down-to-earth and makes me
feel so comfortable I got to be myself
and I really really enjoy that about
guru so he has laughs by the way so in
fact she laughs out loud like I'm her
cotton core and I love it goes on the
same way so it was like dying new
happening during if you haven't seen it
it's not an ad or anything is really
goddamn good I want to show you this
beautiful sunset but this gate is
blocking back but it's really pretty I
wanted to show you I am now going to
head either back to my house to pick up
humble
I think cuz we're gonna go visit Justin
on the set of three shootings so sama
that's really awesome
I'm just so tempted to message all my
goes with your mind you I tell a
whenever we're all next free october
something you guys going to come have a
weekend together good friends never take
them for granted
nevermind your rental coleman is the
beginning of time I have never be
humbled in a complete match of things
possible we all won one round it plays
three best of three
I won one c11 this is a score right now
a 10/10
you're doing by two so looking at first
we could knock or not I use a choke
under pressure so looks people yeah
Gleason was a team so many times I'm
going on my way to some sauce sauce can
see when you have your finals this knife
working on some important to go through
the commentary butter thank you take it
takes all you can follow moving what you
see is who she is again I'm hijacking
your challenge Lilly is the real deal
she's all work that's Erica oh ha she's
all heart she got you to walk so when
you follow her and she's everything she
actually does it I love her everybody's
Justin is the best I do here Michael I'm
real tired right now it's 1:00 a.m. I
have a shoot tomorrow at 12:00
Kevin written script get Justin when you
move but even though I'm tired I am
forcing myself to sit in my hot tub
because I know where leaves well when
I'm not home for two enough weeks I'm
going to miss it because some nights
when I'm not home like oh my god I wish
you're gonna bottom so I'm gonna sit in
there I don't care I'm sitting in the
hot tub let's go when your mascara is
not waterproof
so there's not the way I'm tired right
now as this is not never slept before
I'm going to bet I've mention for memo's
and go to bed by Matt and I vlog here
very by me I'm glad I got to see so many
people Justin into year before leaving
that made me very happy and not as well
tomorrow we're going to shoot at 12 I
have a script I'm going to wake up early
and write a script and add to my laundry
that I have hack I'm gonna watch game
with sounds and as soon as I'm done
watching Game of Thrones I'm headed to
the airport it's gonna be an eventful
day I'm a very bittersweet about leave I
don't know what it is I can't quite put
my finger on it I'm excited for the
movie obviously but I think I'm also a
little nervous and I think I'm also like
leaving home again because I don't
really stay in one place for too long so
I think that's how I'm kind of feeling
but we're great let's see how we did
today
good sacr√© Lily the colorful towels
back up I'm excited we said it was a
Michael B Jordan the goddamn weed I'm
going to see when we like be so
goddamned by the real situation also
when I land the next day's over here and
I'm gonna try to go with it what's up
the rivers you know what's up I actually
said to go back and they'll be a little
adjusting but it's my Anjali would be so
we great until tomorrow our last day in
LA for a couple weeks even I can poop if
you like it subscribe if you like to
subscribe also being humble to spend an
hour talking about a game with own
predictions if you watch Game of Thrones
comment below let me know what your
prediction for tonight's episode are
don't say any spoilers in case other
people haven't seen watch the show and
they plan to but let me know what your
theories are let's nerd out about this
because I have a lot of theories I
wonder what you're thinking and let's be
nerds together
