welcome to Louisa ones where we got good
at try to hustle hard or get head try so
aren't good morning good afternoon good
evening I have this new thing where I
can't sleep at night I go through these
phases over the last week haven't gotten
decent sleep last night I woke up every
like 20 minutes and then I would left
5:30 a.m. and wasn't able fall back
asleep also apparently I get beaten up
in my sleep what the f is that thing so
essentially I feel like I've pulled an
all-nighter but I did wake up a little
bit ago wrote a script for today's video
so give you the points for that and here
is the mission for today see you choose
the video go to my inbox window invites
for an event release my video do super
60 get my hair and makeup done and go to
an event with my gal pal Rachel all of
those things and more
no oh my god when Jeep after-hours
Brogan's in my video everybody she's
killing the game killing the game
she's also looks great and her hustle
harder sweater no big Jill where'd you
get it from oh you know Lily think on
one out you know what eff all y'all okay
I am feeling you're doing good Lily's a
cowboy now okay yeah y'all you're all
fired off you got fired fired fired I
don't know you well enough to make fun
of you but fired fired so fired fired
fired hey Joe we wrapped the shoot today
is a little bit of a stressful day
there's like way too many tasks and not
enough people we're short some people in
the office and or this new video super
60 right now it's at the Brooklyn and
Bailey it's super super cute I'm doing
some 260 on their video as well so clap
on their channel in a club on my channel
so we're gonna do that right now
I hate multitasking hair makeup done but
it's happening right now inviting some
hair makeup breaking survives with my
lover me a married everything is gonna
be okay so I have never got my hair
makeup done with a friend and it is the
best experience ever because Rachel's
over here first of all she's beautiful
and she looked exactly the same before I
hadn't read about that I thought she was
so much big hair and right now I'm just
trying to keep really good can't relate
can't relate I do get her my drink
how many already something that we're
gonna head out and I just swallowed some
hairspray so that's also good news so
Rachel my good luck charm because I've
got an amazing call thing one of the
auditions I went for yeah it's really
good though I was really excited I'm so
grateful and grateful you're amazing and
nothing to the party cuz now I'm
absolutely gonna get drunk and I can for
you as me thanks I'm home you know know
was there Carol I know there's greatness
little shopping - Troy
it was like these events are a little
bit like pretend just sometimes cuz you
go they're never when she's like looking
around and trying get their picture
taken so I was like happy that was my
friend it was a good time Rachel's just
sweetheart a friend loved her so much
everyone complimented my necklace that
Sheena made me literally everyone so I
was super super dope and now I'm just
like gonna now probably to a makeup off
and just absorb the information I
learned today because I don't want to
just move on and sleep and can I want to
take a moment to appreciate and be
grateful and really live in the moment
so yeah we took a nice hot shower I
danced in the shower to some so calm
music fun back well Rachel used to live
in Trinidad she started and so come use
come like it's why we soul mates ever
told us before I don't know I know I
can't tell you too much about the role
and it's a secret thing again but that
doesn't matter what matters is that
through all the trials and tribulations
I've been facing recently team super you
have been there for me unconditionally
always always reassured me when I needed
it the most and although I can't tell
you the specifics I do want to say to
you the hardest thing to do sometimes is
your trust in God's plan and if you
don't believe in God whatever higher
power you believe in science
evolution crystals spirits whatever
trust in the process because there are
so many times can you focus on mcLeese
and having a sentimental moment so many
times I went on to give up when I was
like oh I can't do this but just forever
trust in God's plan and I just tweeted
saying forever trust in God's plan even
before Drake made it a thing forever
just trusting trusting that it's gonna
work out I don't know where this is
gonna go but I'm really happy this is
the furthest I've ever gotten in the
auditioning process to land the role and
be offered the role and it took a lot of
rejection and a lot of going to
auditions and not doing well and being
really scared and doing it anyways even
though I was scared so whatever you want
to do in life trust God's plan and work
really hard and I'm just so eternally
grateful so grateful for your support
and reassurance because it really
doesn't mean a lot all your tweets I
stalk you more than you know all your
comments under my videos it really
really means a lot to me so thank you so
so so much with that let's see how we
did
I love you so much and it is my
privilege to talk to you again tomorrow
bye
you
