F me it's too early a glob good morning
the time in 8:10 a.m. last night I went
to bed way later than I anticipated I
was like stringy something I'm like why
doing this you wake up so early what I
was doing stuff so it's fine but today
it's pretty good a jam-packed day why do
you come so close to me cuz matters here
is the mission for today's youth I get
my hair and makeup done
Ashlin air downstairs or right now I'm
tied to a photo shoot is sequences I
don't know how much but I can show you
but that's what I'm doing at some point
today I'm going to try to do it after
mission I have to record my rant for the
video that we recorded yesterday after
that I got a whole interview then I have
rehearsal or what you asked good
question my girl of event that is
happening at the YouTube space today is
me so excited I'm just so thrilled about
it I'll tell you more about it as we go
through the day but then when I come
back home I need to write some scripts
for my shoots tomorrow so aside from all
that clearly I had a lot of things to do
I'm going to screw my head on right on
my shoulders drink some water
get it done with full positive energy
and be grateful every step of the way
but for now my skin feel dry lips so
chata eyes are closing my face is puffy
let's resolve I'm looking put within my
clearance cuz you sure that you a team
that loves you enough to feed you
sandwiches to your nails are wet well
people around so today for the braids
they should loose braids and they can
look more feminine and look at the light
no don't get too comfortable because it
just won't call for a while so my rear
is outfitted another event which case
you will all be like this is the first
time I'm seeing it it's a velvet like
what color would you call is magenta oh
look a little bit you know on a little
bit you know and a little bit you know
Hey Wow one star so finish the photo
shoot so I can show you with a Sukkah
shoe where we're in a lot of social
media I got added which we'll see it
here doesn't get redone to the girl
event but first I got like 30 minutes
long when I let me record the rant I
need to record today I can get real
messy but I'm going to spray this a
little bit record this rent you ready
let do it also make update for this rank
oh you rat done Beauty the points now I
need to do 100 other things Quebec
kite science and irrelevant and I don't
know a lot about it but humbles on a
panel with Luis we've met at a park
and Justin from Jane the virgin debby
Ryan's on my channel as Whoopi corn
Quinta and sells me don't buy because I
right here with now by the way splinter
free thank you we have to give a lot of
credit for performing searches only two
days ago I did cut her skin up and was
respectful I mean just even the simple
fact that you are paraded on with no I
am myself presence and before it's that
good a vibe Cindy gorilla actually I
kind of look cute oh I'm just talking
nonsense right now to get more camera
time and humble also looks cute but
that's nothing new I know this isn't
your full focus it is tdz yeah well how
much TVC is GDC is our public
transportation and when you say are you
mean yeah come through oh I forgot my
key to actually yo finish my interview
give me the points finish the second
calls my team through the points now I'm
with the YouTube space look what it is
fairly cat and let me tell you all I am
the one with the one-on-one belongs to
some girl loved us his hair you know
what is you know I'm here we are let's
review why sweet
this Papi's we're doing my hair I
thought I'd take this opportunity to
catch up on some pop culture I have a
confession
I am embarrassing at this I have this
thing where if I'm really excited to
watch something I don't watch it it's
the weirdest thing like I am yet to
watch fetish because I love sleepovers I
know what I love me too because I'm like
I don't want the thrill of watching the
first time to go away so I just like
will prolong watching it I won't watch
it because have you seen them like no
there's certain things where I'm like so
excited for virologist like delay
Washington's I'm gonna watch bench right
now for the first time BRE that was some
intense creative funky art and I'm down
I am down with all those case she's such
a good actress cut dancing with such a
good actor goals goals is north of gold
one also that one I guess and actually
yeah so many gold
so as meant for small it's my vibe
that's not important right now what is
important is there's so much girl out
going on on Sunset as I mentioned he has
cook book whole new you is where she
helps create the menu so all of this is
some cues she could have been here
because we have our obligations which is
here in spirit because all of the food
is from her cookbook so check it out
how does another I can we respond
mechanically one robot the popular girl
and what is this unique to me for girls
around the world feel like Dania it
compete so harshly aggressively with
other girls
I am ready for me I think it's really
important to be listening and behind the
scenes there convent dinner we learn how
to work harder and I'm not going writers
really like I don't want to make that
joke we not just our army but just not
exactly why do you write me my other
news is already have anyone we'll just
round the strength and powerful one is
not very unlikely it would one time
close caption your video what I hope is
it's easy live with it expert at that
you can do as uncle Zeb is of a whole
group of people to do wrong listen to it
that was so good I loved it so much
oh my god it was everything anymore I
went to good job uncle
kill that girl killed it such a good job
very thank you to youtube to supporting
girl love I want to know on and Jason
and I wanted to do with not only support
love with the allocated budget towards
supporting always very important you to
believes in these classes wide their
number one Bay of all time and I really
appreciate how does a fantastic job my
team did a fantastic job Santoro came to
support our panelists is an amazing job
killing it killing it before in the
house just every just everything was
killed its murder it's not living it's
not breathing to be here on together
you're very sweet of you but it was a
team effort for sure now we're going to
a keep so many cards quick quick with
your name what's your name with your
name Elia and what do you do videos and
you believe in grow up yeah boom we just
did having dinner and Japanese
restaurant was beautiful I'm in love
with this person with my soulmate
apparently normally sounds did you know
she stopped so Joey all yours oh don't
look so into some reason they
live under a rock
so here's up north and become talking to
Penny checking out the fun in Carson so
you need to have resources that you
idolize idolizes her so you already know
her or she's dope and we're like I feel
like we have to show some more humble
told me like judging your brain from
Legolas now and by hiding up my time
I'm just gonna braid this parts of my
hair tighter so they can stand the test
of time overnight and hopefully tomorrow
for my shoot I can maintain this
hairstyle but I need to tighten the
braids first I cannot express no word
will Express how pleased I am with how
today's event went it was just such good
energy and good vibes justin is a
sweetheart we did this thing for his
wife what we saying happy birthday
surprise was a perfect example of girl
love as I mean her just met Luis was
great humbles with the guys Tyler was so
good because I'm a big believer that the
conversation of women empowerment and
gender equality heavily heavily involves
men as well and it's not just a
conversation for female was thrilled at
that girl's panel Quinta and roofie and
debby ryan oh my god it was just so much
in conversation that energy was amazing
I can rant and rave for hours and hours
I'm just so pleased a healthy event want
shout out the YouTube like I said it is
really I mean we look at big companies
what are these big companies really this
is a great example and not things
because YouTube pay me to it's not an ad
this is why I like YouTube because they
know unfashionable girl off and doing
events like that investing in to events
like this shows that they're passionate
about female creators as well and it's
just so wonderful to mean so thank you
to all the panelists everyone that came
was such a great time oh my god and my
heart is full all right yeah all does
I'm gonna wash my face and head to bed
else let's to write some script but my
shooters starting pretty late tomorrow
too so I think I can wake up tomorrow
and do it it is 12:30 I'm not going to
torture myself instead I'm go to bed I
think that a super productive day I
ultimate points for just thing about
that girl love stuff and land to be
stuff in general I'm phrasing it
correctly but it's like I like it so
much because not about numbers you know
it's not about the size of these events
not about selling out these just bug
good energy in the room and everyone
that's there there for a passion and
after the event so many creators came up
to me and they were like dude I'm like
so excited to incorporate girl love into
my content and like you made me really
think about things in a way I haven't
that's like priceless you can't quantify
inspiration it's just so beautiful like
that and so I'm so throw like I think I
said I go on for hours and hours where I
won't and an amazingly productive day
let's see how we did
you
thank you for joining me on today
tomorrow we are shooting without work to
do work to do banking videos you know
you know my video that came out today
and about missing cats in school getting
doctor's note the link for it in the
description you want to check it out and
not you but that girl of wrongs together
until tomorrow if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe yo you know I
want to take this time this 20 seconds
and card to just say my team is SN
amazing my team is the best and this is
just my way of telling you should
surround yourself like with awesome
people that have common goals and have
great energy is so important tweet
everyone you notice on my team and tell
them they're amazing go go go go go
