what's that what's that no I don't
change my clothes don't be ridiculous
good mind the time is 11:00 a.m. and
partir after that you notice I walk up
some stairs I'm really depressed cuz I
was 11 a.m. I woke up thirty minutes ago
ate some breakfast
now we got a full packed day ahead of us
I said this last night I'm going to say
it again today then we hustle 3.0 all
excuses exiting my body all moments of
weakness
exiting my body you only thing in my
body right now is the focus and
determination needed to go absolutely
beast mode trimmer take a moment say it
to myself no excuses
today you will love that effing work and
that's going to happen here is the
mission to be honest it's not that
intense it may see what finish my second
script shoot video 1 shoot we are to go
through my email continue writing
scripts after my shoes have a meeting
with someone on my team side from all of
that that's not a lot of things it is a
lot of things with not other things but
I'm gonna also try to get as many bonus
points off my noises a lot but today
watch me get the bonus points actually
watch watch watch me done script give
you the point also I tweeted this
precious have to tell you more about it
know my favorite things about shampoo
let's go to the humble for a second come
on my favorite human beings on the
planet support everybody take about so I
would like to tell them your latest and
greatest issue in life yes I got a
splinter in my foot last night and then
realized it so then I played like
creative ping-pong with the splinter in
my foot but digging in deep and this
sweetheart tried to operate the
operation was unsuccessful okay like for
sale it's too deep in his kids so it
should will fashion let's turn this way
so it can be good in true humble fashion
this my loved one home oh he's so
resourceful if anything happens this one
ever becomes Sherlock Holmes the gate
was not his laptop life in Toulouse we
from the other room listening to mad
YouTube videos how to remove a splinter
probably two hours of research he's like
can be band-aid currently he's mixing
sugar and what is it it's open trigger
on a band-aid okay was appointed I was I
made a joke as I said did you like get
him in most resources and he was like
yes dude
have people playing in the infographic
competitive so if you ever get a
splinter
you can try an eggshell banana peel a
potato peel but if it's super indeed you
have to make sugar so holsters which is
mixing sugar and salt together into a
paste and then you put it on a bandage
and you're aware it could you see why
you believe the person that is in the
video subscribe then she little too late
why would you like well if you go also
be lazy move off yourself
move off yourself because what I love
homeless my lesson what forever a
student humble never stop learning if
anything happens like something Madison
has any learn I hope their owner give me
greater joy than humble researching
things literally my fan laugh my butt of
nut is listening to his research did a
vegetable to keep you posted
alright okay I know you're won't be able
to sleep we'll keep you positive on the
hardest parts of my job and I make songs
from when juice and lemon juice I can't
listen to the originals anymore is all I
hear is you know growl growl it is a
sign we also with torn silence under any
songs during the tour countdown I
automatically feel like Ong all the time
we're all forgetting to go on stage all
done sometimes I like it a lot unlock
all along if you know that some comment
below we can be friends today we are
making two videos one is this really
cool horror movie trailer idea I have
and I was in Orlando for movies I don't
really do a lot of horror content on the
channel but I decided to do some like
poor trailer comedy thing and the second
is based on a shoe store nothing goes
before I became a youtuber I used to
work and I have so many retail jobs in
one of them was electronic store size
like sell warranties and stuff that's
what selling warranties and being a
customer ooh the books wet and make
customers out to go through the process
of someone selling warranty so kind of
based on true story videos I'm excited
about them also some character working
the first one the second one is unlike
anything else I've shot so we're trying
to make it like artistic and stuff and
stuff and stuff exciting content you
will even yeah head's hurting today so
I've done this little crown to wear
underwear I put a bun and I forced the
bun in the way it hurts to get so tight
so his device right huh
when you the biggest mother-effing nerd
that even your cameras like I can't
focus on you because I don't have a joke
wait hold on wait for it my hundred shut
up icon like guys with hair like this
shoe like this here at the booth a
little ooh you look great huh thank you
you know we're doing the first part huge
note of that I'm better at recently
wearing clothes that are worn and so
long because oh my gosh let me close my
closet I need to wear stuff money
healthy whole life I had four pop-tarts
at night how would I say movie pop I
dropped two I had two and a half the
qualms ahead of the door so cool one
videos menu at a point gives me Joe and
I working on the second video is gonna
balloon when you need a million cake to
do everything because you're trash and
since how many hard dresses you require
because you're trash when your team
members have trash and raiding our
kitchen for your consideration goal
detail that o mio if it is my second
video - perfect give me the damn point
as I'm talking about announce Tara's on
the way over to do it we wondering why
I'm where you don't wear your final days
next question Jill there's all the way
over to styling friction at tomorrow
where you get some bonus points that
means they end up getting so this thing
which they all they have been talking
like Dracula I don't know what it is the
whole shoot I've just been trying to be
from like Hotel Transylvania like all
right now that Sarah's here we're going
to do the styling for hohohohoho
what are we doing next is that
abstractly to me I want to suck your
blood
hello hello there are highly sell reborn
i restoring a lot we did it we did it
times 12:35 a.m. styling done we need a
point i might have a call with my team
members right now standby
there's the call give me the points the
time is 1:30 2:00 a.m. i got to wake up
at 7:45 because my hair makeup starts at
8:00 tomorrow I'm gonna go to bed but yo
we got hella bonus points today
and Laura so productive let's see how we
did
you
stop learning me and wash your face with
a face mask on because I have a photo
shoot tomorrow and that's what's gonna
happen
thank you for joining me on today's
super productive day tomorrow so
continue because we got a photo shoot we
got interview we got a meeting we got a
girl of a man at the YouTube space and
so things up poppin up things are going
down I can't wait to see the event
tomorrow it's gonna be exciting is gonna
be lit and tell them if you like it hold
up no not yet because you're the sneak
peak to the video coming out in just a
few hours on main channel mmm wait spec
point
oh my alarm hey why did I set it for ade
is it going off again oh wait I have a
test that I can think about intended and
ten more minutes
cover up a few hours on a measurement
she does a motovlog channel thank you or
shall I eat some love if you liked it
subscribe enjoyed it subscribe I'm not
gonna lie the outfit I'm wearing
tomorrow the two of us and wearing on
one for the photoshoot one for girl up
there legit I'm really excited about
them so you'll miss you check out my
gram I sleep on my I link in the
description or double pack double
clacking double click that grin you know
no big deal
going to be looking showered and if
