emancipate yourself from mental slavery
none but ourselves can free our mind is
Emancipation Day in Jamaica and as mr.
Bob Marley lirikf unpack good morning I
kind of slept in today I woke up at like
11:00 which is pretty great compared to
last couple days I've been waking up
super super early that a jam-packed day
Jim Jimmy silence here's the mission for
today
I got order more posters for my writing
room done didn't give me the points I
have to unpack my suitcase done did it
give me a boy how to do my hair and
makeup I met only hair and makeup for my
event today so prepare to lower your
expectations
I have call one of them is real phone
call - to the interview have to head to
the veget have a meeting I have panel
one panel to come home and write one
script if I have any write a second
script when one has happen for sure size
of all of that not be sleepy you know
every time I look I'm sleepy under snow
I must be awake I might be some
stretches surfaces here makeup I'm
thinking some we curl and then the only
makeup I know how to do so that same
look I do every time I do a makeup that
one doesn't really bring on my eyes and
I also don't have any know did I do it
God knows I'm trying oh that's kind of
sort of baby I have a call hard on a
finish first clogging the points finish
second call them to voice egg right now
clearly changing my lipstick seven
hundred times when I swung with this
nude I don't know yellow heels black
silk pants red shirt as Kabul is staying
back home even the points the deal earn
gonna be honest not the best use of my
time that event it was pretty
disorganized but I did it and I'm back
home and I have so much work to do time
is our most precious resource you must
use it wisely so I'm gonna eat and get
to work and I'll curse on my cameras
like what do I focus on there ya go
I just made myself for pop charts and I
was like you know why women whistle for
Pop Tart because I'm a dull thing do
what I want then literally drop them all
on the ground
karma it's time to go eat some uncle
young allies took a 40-minute nap but
I'm up I'm up and I have my first idea
and now I'm just escaped it 1260 a.m.
that's exactly I can barely so full of
hoptastic I want popcorn I didn't all
start a one and a half to have three
throughout the script one done give me
the points one of my eyebrows even doing
right now
my eyebrows are horrible it is 12:57 am
trying to write another one for tomorrow
texting useless between two videos yo
I'm in Toronto for a long time to movies
I'm trying to bank B as you also know
the captain would ich normal anymore
unless to put some of you I'm so weird
why do you like me because you're all so
weird when we're together is out is
beautiful wall I have a confession I
think I'm going to be a failure at
YouTube moving forward because I don't
care about things that are trending have
this list of things from my team hot and
trending video ideas and we do list bath
bomb slime digit spinners food surgery
popsicle health tie-dye candles
birthdays math testing life hacks
pancake art Pie Face game I can't do
that we should have nothing as people
that do that makes you happy you I will
never be unless like don't do something
sad whatever makes you happy but this
does not make me happy I don't want to
do any of these things I'm not going to
do any of these things really you're not
going to do any of these things but I'm
just like that means I'm not going to be
a hot and trending video and I have
another reallocating video so yo we're
not hearing well that stuff anymore no
views and scrubbers and numbers and so I
would talk with my pals about house
because it's the only measure that's
public on YouTube think this or dicted
too easily no or making them proud of I
don't care I'm not making slime I'm
sorry I said sorry like a community no
and I'm soaring because that sorry I'm
sorry
the still never videos with slime but
people that probably like doing it you
can watch them because they will
genuinely be happy when they do it and I
would not be so sorry you know what I
love being home ice and chocolates in
another vlog vlog I really love being
home and I'm going to Toronto for since
we two and half weeks to shoot
Fahrenheit 451 an adaptation of the book
this is the book you might have read it
in school which I'm really excited about
today I had to call the Wardrobe and
stuff so I'm excited I'm nervous but I'm
also kind of disheartened to be leaving
my la home although Toronto of course at
home and I'm going to love the
my parents etc but my house is just like
so made for me to do work in and so what
I'm not here I'm just not as productive
and it's fine that's what's going on I
wrote one script I didn't write a second
one I'm not going to wake up my shoots
at to tomorrow's laptimes due tomorrow
morning and the next video is just
shooting shooting shooting shooting
shooting I try to fit in some leisure
activities I'm a girl of event on
Thursday as well but I think it's going
to have to I think you mean today like I
hustle but I also like as hard as I
could
something was letting get to net cetera
and so I think I gotta wake up tomorrow
refreshed Emilio it's time to go into
not just possible like Hustle 3.0 mode
and that's what needs to happen so I'm
gonna go to bed so I can wake up and do
that tomorrow room but for today let's
see how we did
but my hair I look at crazy person thank
for joining me on today I'm not sure how
long is walk was I think I was just like
in my own world prologue today but
tomorrow we're shooting I catch myself
right here is now I'm read the Hustle is
going to get extreme tomorrow so you're
going to strap the FN cause leg on your
book and you don't evil but on what
happens but yeah I think a lot of things
get that you organize it does about you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe also PSA for those of you that
care I've officially decided that
whenever my videos do have bloopers
they're going to go on my main channel
not this channel so if you're looking
for boobs for my videos they get on the
main channel everybody no more people
just see them there and not that it's
about the views but it's also people are
so confusing on the vlog channel so
that's the new tang
