and we're going to four-hour drive to
stop the soccer we are about half way
there it's a four hour drive we're two
hours in it's a beautiful drive it is a
little rainy today so we animal them so
cool it's so lovely and you know what my
biggest pet peeve is oh I'm sorry I
don't mean to complain in this montage
of beautiful things the fact that music
is not saved on the phone then why am i
listening to music but as soon as you
have no service there's no music
actually on my phone you always do the
connection I was like what happened to
good all day when things are just stored
on devices and stuff but it's okay
because the scenery's one and the sounds
of nature are lovely so are halfways oh
here is the mission for two day drive
the hard gun checking out our hotel time
we're going to meet a group of tip
called youth change rumours participate
in an event that they're going to put on
for us I'm at some point you did in fact
involve that again we're in a completely
present it gets really hard towards you
because my jet legs are kicking I'm like
I'm sleepy which I really hard to be
present and just taking as much
knowledge as possible
you ready also what an appropriate shirt
right what do you lovelies give to me
to them you come together in position
you always had an amazing time being the
super kids that call me such a change
rumors again the theme is all the kids
here proactive so proactive don't wait
for people to do things for what can we
change those two things ourselves
we're telling me about all the projects
they're working on the dough cover girls
who actually teach other girls karate or
self-defense and the way to build
confidence which is what was super super
cool and we'll come back a little bit
later today we can perform for dancing
and miming and karate
Oh
all right we're headed mountain is at
this time of the day where the jet lag
is like I'm like must persevere would
you like to perform I'm going to pull me
up to do some stuff and be like no
stamina get Langosta
I'm so honored compute amazing for
mental models that offer with
empowerment which of them like everybody
else appear every living soul and soul
refuses to being power other kids
I'm human and I think of you that
actually in 2010 sucks paper I hacked an
addition to you they're all called self
you know who were becoming acquired by
involving taken with right what's going
on I have so much to tell you about my
experiences today was so lovely the
event we just went to because earlier
today I heard about all these projects
and programs that the children have made
themselves and made themselves and jet
the event I got to see them put into
action so you know I got to see the guy
who said he teaches goes to I got to see
him demonstrate karate teaches the kids
and all the kids doing karate the guy
who was like oh I love to dance my
parents want me to dance I come from a
very strict Muslim family they're all
mcdent and I've seen him dance and all
the kids he teaches that it was so
beautiful and wonderful and I learned a
lot of things one of the things I
learned was like you know I felt kind of
like had a moment of self-reflection you
know earlier today I was like oh I was
so hard on these game of throwing videos
and I knew that it was just for me and I
was a big nerd of my audiences watching
Game of Thrones like they didn't get
that many views only got a couple
hundred thousand half a million views
and I'm in this room but there's like
what maybe a hundred people and in their
small communities as an audience member
I could see that those 10 people you
talked cried to those 10 people who live
are impacted positively with a more
confidence they can defend themselves it
doesn't matter about numbers my
individual story impact I felt so like I
had a moment of realization was like wow
that's very ungrateful thinking about
like I knew they were to get as many
views what I'm trying to make is that
when we think of you is even like
created abused and like so many likes
because I found like this small
community has impacted just a few
people's stories and it's going such a
long way that's what matters that's the
impact that matters doesn't matter what
any of those math numbers and things
they're making such a difference in
these people's lives people who've come
from really difficult backgrounds
sell or do whatever they can to ensure
other people don't go to the same
hardships they're going through I found
that so wonderful and so inspiring I
just absolutely loved it and they pulled
me as dance do karate and they were just
so happy I also like have this thing
where every time I come to India people
put flower garlands on me and they put
the on the proper name for a bottle I
serve bindi the guy I don't know kanae
OS flower garland muted greet me I'm on
line makes me feel a little
uncomfortable because I don't want to be
like praised like that I walk into a
place and I was like garlanding me like
oh this is a little strange and even
when I'm sitting there but then I was
like I think culturally it's like nice
for them to be like someone has come and
she's here with us and so I try to like
find that balance of okay I'll let you
put the garlands on me and do this but
like I don't want to be treated better
or anything like that I think culturally
that's just kind of what it is but
admittedly feel a little bit like oh
this such a nice gesture and so
wonderful the kids are so low I've gone
for minutes and minutes and minutes more
minutes and vlog language going on about
it but I won't move on stop interesting
is lovely and wonderful Madrid so much
so so much I'm so inspired but now so
they have released a new song called
fetish I have a listen to you guys my
first listen I don't think I missed the
whole thing front of you but it's a
network works at first listen to fetish
and you know when we completely buys no
move axes I love it
are you love it dr. Boyd I have come
through a girl okay I miss a slope it's
the perfect song his voice I testing
what she does her voice huh
girl can't get it girl I listen to his
mouth um and I'll be back momentarily
girl goddamn pedigree I love this new
style yeah because I feel so like she's
so comfortable in her skin and confident
I love it I think it's so sexy and
beautiful
i friggin adore I need to do another
video with Selena I'm putting the
university no use do another video son
religiousness hotel but the people that
work grab this habit of like they'll
buzz and will immediately open the door
if it's not locked so like I don't have
a chance to be like don't come in so if
I was like naked that guy was just like
hello I was like what is the head magnet
bees out home what if you were looking
at manatees right now sleep in your
lucky day or an awkward day I don't know
I can't really sing many peas are fine
but imagine Oh children isogenic here's
where I fell asleep real hard while
waiting for Kyle to bring me my charger
like in two seconds of it that's how I
feel right now good news isn't go see
wow I'm so started so let's see how we
did
so blossoms very loud and there's a fan
that doesn't turn off with the lights
good stop well thanks for joining me on
today what a educational enlightening
inspirational day I'm so glad I got to
take you along this journey I don't know
what data is where you're watching this
I know it is releasing I'm so
disoriented with my time war Game of
Thrones videos come premiere is on
Sunday I don't know why I'm saying this
and oh I do on things this is my last
season to come on Saturday leading up to
that so hope enjoying them thank you for
all your support with them active users
of f I'm so excited but some you know I
was talking my friends write numbers how
nerdy ever going to get here because I
want to get pretty nerdy we're going to
like wear crowns and stuff and pretty
cool anyway I gotta go and tell tomorrow
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe also know that there's so many
birthdays Kyle's birthday I missed when
he was in London and he got here humbles
birthday was yesterday and he was in
Toronto so when we get back to LA we
have a lot of people's birthdays to
celebrate even misako's birthday was on
the same day as the Humboldt was a lot
of birthday celebrations to happen stay
tuned yay me
