it's 4:00 a.m. raining so hard on that
it is colorful here having tea somewhere
I've never been to more comedy uh
Pradesh and and so then we're going to
go meet some people from UNICEF and
enjoy their education here all of the
stories and I haven't share more with
you so let's go yeah we just made a
minor seating adjustments to us on the
aircraft empty your like boxes take this
roll and just a shampoo right now when
you arrive mother predation bases here
to greet you as a doctor a Tata Tata
Tata Tata Tata Tata
what's going on I'm so excited - there's
ants everywhere
I'm so excited to be here here is the
mission for today you were in Raccoon SF
office and have a meeting there's like a
meat a little oscillatory then whatever
the state go then we're going to check
the position then we're going to take a
visit to the urban slums and that we got
dinner and after that I'm going to do
some a collection aside from all of that
all my videos for my channel are done
I'm completely present here there and
everywhere
I completely present here cuz I was
taking every moment learn is much loss
again that's just to learn as much as
possible you don't like philanthropy
stuff it's so easy to say yes education
is good of course people can't be hungry
of course gender equality for men but I
want to link to the Y course we know
these things is common sense those
things aren't common sense around the
world the world is very different very
different points of views are pointing
to a why I do issues exist why what are
the actual consequences of tools are not
going to school or women not going to
school and I want to share all those
reasons with you and with everyone else
that I could possibly share to on the
internet because I think it's sometimes
money can be a solution but sometimes
just being good global citizens is also
the solution and knowing what's
happening
the worlds that we can live a more
grateful life underwear light we're
going to learn a lot today I take you
with me but first we next also because
Kyle is not familiar with India that
much I keep tripping him out and on the
way here's my tiger use a quick here
with a peacock where what when you're
stupid there could be a pickup that we
saw while he got yesterday we thought
well we gotta get this but other way
yells like a tiger because like we're
here when you're only reference of India
is the jungle book and you believe
everything's good - swag check done oh
yeah we're on top of these they've got
MS city anniversary of kids in this
place already be halted from the heading
south and actually many colors and these
are my new friends or your name
also sentiment so many friends so useful
all right my new friends are going to
impress the MP national song of the
probation - already take us off that
Beach inspires amazing my keyboard is
not a made a modification advocated I am
a coming on the beach or something with
Madonna because Omega paparazzi sister
ultimatum be making on this commandment
imagination Giambattista Cibo mr.
Nakamura Donny penelope peasoup
ultimatum ha ha ha
amazing thank you that was a super
interesting experience at school first
thing I noticed was that I asked who use
the Internet and not a single girl raise
your hand everyone raise your hand was a
guide I was like interesting I think the
access like phone to use Internet is not
the same for girls as it is for guides
one of the girls asked why don't you
internship because I don't like it and I
think there's just this lack of
knowledge of what the internet is and
information has incited them all
pinky-promise
but they're going to use the Internet if
they have the opportunity to do so
because it's such a great resource to
learn things that something information
is so crucial and if you don't access
that information it's hard to learn
things about Trish units are learn
things about just your rights and about
everything and so I've made them bigger
promise to charge me internet I also ask
the girls are still some of them are a
little shine to me but some of them were
really confident and that's what school
does it helps girls be confident and
that's why it's so important for girls
and boys to go to school but in a lot of
countries it's not an equal opportunity
for girls and boys to go to school often
the boys go to school but they were so
welcoming so receptive to me when I was
leaving really we're so happy okay well
they're just so warm and I just such a
good energy and such good vibes but
really really good time with them a
special place in my heart
they're so proud showing me to school
like this is okay we got here then this
is a trophy we got for this is just such
pride and happiness to be in school
education so important now we're heading
to these police station special juvenile
police unit that is special unit two
mr. protect kids
so we just experienced an instance in
which I told Kyle that I can't talk
anymore else I might just be very
aggressive version respectively stations
the positives are they have a unit
designated for kids that are to protect
them and kids I get abused to take care
of them and do all that stuff but I walk
in and almost every cop is a male and
older male and I'm like what's the
number-one crime you guys encounter
sexual abuse females okay well we
recognize as a problem that work so many
men and I'm not trying to be like
critical as you know someone that's an
outsider I get it you know I get that
there's issues related to women in
certain occupations here but I'm just
like talking and I was asking questions
about just about destroys or tangles
okay so the Dell was about kids of drugs
kids the begging and sexual abuse then I
question asked was okay well as a
roomful of men what can be done to
tackle those issues at the root and the
answer was just like oh that's the
culture or like there is no sexism and
I'm like what do you mean would you be
and so clearly like progress is being
made but more work definitely needs to
happen in terms of a mindset shift and
other such things because child
marriages are things that happened and
sexual abuse females are thing this will
happen and those happen around the world
but in India there are you know more
cases of gender-based violence I would
say I'm pretty sure I know the hell huge
population as well but there's a fine
shift change needs to happen which is
why I'm so adamant also unlike even
within my family my family doesn't live
in India my friends don't live in India
we live North America but I always been
sort of advocate for us practicing
equality because we got to start within
our own realm of reality I feel five
years to spread and even within you know
Indians that have immigrated to North
America some of that sexist culture
still exists maybe not so at all in the
nose but still even within my family and
I was at Comic Con talking and being
like yo these deep-rooted things like
the galleries and the cookies and all
this
doli stuff that all is contributed to an
inequality culturally so that was me
Kyle was beside me he was just like oh
no Lee music Lee Lee is about to get
started cuz I was asking questions and
that's a scream answers like wait I was
getting a little bit like sounds like
house it's gonna be a side of me that
don't want to see right now so I'm just
gonna but you know progress is being
made more progress needs to happen
that's registered
my new friend vana Nam guy Adams so
pretty my new friend
I'm visiting her at school this is the
Internet yeah Caltrans I didn't do it
thank you thank you thank you great old
Gao Yao's lucky yeah me enough mana
Paige my name is yes it is
my name is Peggy I'm home media English
lessons right here
reenacting foot patrol behave be b2c
Dario nada
you trying to take a dip in this pool yo
natural habitat Shamu put your hands up
on my hip when I did you dismiss Cammie
when I'm just the tiredest person on the
planet right now I had such an amazing
time meeting the kids they're so sweet
and full of love oh my goodness saying
such sweet things I don't forget us he's
come back and visit us and like I got my
heart warm so much I can't even go I'm
just I just can't even do one of the
girls I met had such a powerful story
and it was so intense I filmed it with
her permission because I was like I want
to give voice to your stories otherwise
might not get out there I want to save
it I've captured a lot of great footage
to save to release some videos on my
channels of series I didn't blog but she
was her face was she's so beautiful
her face was so powerful she looked like
the constant cover of a magazine just so
so gorgeous so it was just incredible
meeting her let's see how we did today
got stuck with Lainey I'm actually
because the washing gets so steamy and
the walls start dripping in the mirrors
dripping this little shower a situation
we are leaving this city tomorrow
morning and we are heading to another
city just up out of the way which means
sleeping on the GAR I thank you for
supporting Game of Thrones week trash
views don't give a sh look at me not
giving it as for me and Gabe of Thrones
fans I don't care I like it and I think
it's exciting and I love Jon Snow Lucy
rap is coming out today then we have
Cersei rapper white Walker up and
another white Walker video so stay tuned
for that ap sport until then if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
also we're not made for 14 Choice Awards
which is very very cool so thank you for
that and in other news I hear they're
having a hard time buying a Jasmine for
the live action or Aladdin that was like
I have long hair people touch though the
singing seeing whatever Kok hello we
just thinking why no no but that's super
dope I hope that has someone
