I'm in India and someone on the side of
the road just tried to sell me a pigeon
spinner what's going on I'm in India I'm
actually new Julie I just landed it was
raining outside I'm disoriented you know
what time it is I slept out almost a
whole 14-hour flight and some of the
airline staff were fans of mine and so
when I was sleeping and I woke up I had
extra blankets on top of me that they
literally talk to me in well I was
screaming I was like velvet but I slept
so much I had to catch one sleep because
the night before I legit slept for 15
minutes that's an exaggeration literally
1 5 15 minutes so I am here I'm excited
to tell you all the things that I'm
doing here I know I've been very vague
today's mission is real simple get to
India did it that's pretty much it
because we're leaving at war a.m. in the
mornings head somewhere else kind of
lonely
it was Kyle is here hey birthday talk
subscribe enough I was coming up it's
okay it's Kyle's later birthday Kyle
spends his whole birthday on a plate and
I felt so bad was this poor guy is Italy
alone on a plane that's been worth it so
we're gonna reschedule Kyle's birthday
to a day when we're back in LA so I have
not done anything for Kyle and I think
it has a lower good nationally I was
going to have a birthday we're gonna
reschedule it so we shift the mood or
snow north and has a Cheverus person
like 284 years how was your life without
me he's like I got me I got to breathe
my skin not clear I'm out the wait I got
a drinking problem got a mohawk I
invited you here at conestoga as mocha
and a mocha
oh yeah get me to styling okay okay a
Scottish where in India where there are
a lot of exciting things I cannot wait
to tell you all about all those team
super I changed is setting on my blog
camera which means I might be in focus
more often exhibit a Exhibit A Simmons
focus focus focus
ah hopefully this works out Kylie
getting sharper so second on Virginia
shower together first together okay I am
just so excited so I'm happy and
thrilled and honored to announce that I
am actually in India with UNICEF and
we're going to be going to one since
I've never been to before and learning
about some of the issues of people their
face and what we could do to help them
and what we team super can do to do our
part making the world a better place you
don't advocate for children's education
and women's rights and so those are all
the things that we see
over the next few days as well in India
and I'm going to wrap my brains and go
all the ways and only I but we as Teague
a family can help the people who need a
most insulting so real to take you along
on this journey but I think I got a
change for a system Indian flags on yet
well destroy Bertha so fun fact I love
very birthday day adding a at the end of
Hindi Punjabi words make the plural in
most cases courts now birthday well
gotta go look up is Gora Gora Haley Gino
and national shame of the whale there's
was it yesterday for birthday the
legitimate national shame of the whale
day is on September 26 one of you did
this who did this who did this
I have a child I am be savage and
there's all the birthdays this is our
baby it's a great I got a sham Lucy
birthing could you be the gazing forward
yeah true arf-arf
alright so tomorrow we're taking a
pretty small plane to the place we're
heading to and we're like let us not be
annoying North American that's 70 pound
suitcases our two-day thing so we're
trying to combine our suitcases which
means we're gonna share one suitcase
numbers like I I mean I can't bring my
Apple watch complete in box and my
unnecessary amount of shoes and I'm like
such a first world problem
each bag right now but are you going to
be able to do with the amount of face
creams you have all should we did not do
this very much as he Brits to this video
like this yes I got it when you high
maintenance is equators we can fender
one suitcase
I'm coming we can do it stand by stand
by that's your pile yeah why the hell
you have a big suitcase identify what's
in there face masks and on my skin brush
Shamu in his natural habitat around
Ocean hey Shamu get so many views we
have on YouTube to billions yeah what
keep super way to take two brilliant
skills either super over child speech be
speech must be you were to latest to be
in the number when I was in school I'm
not right it I got was failing test
because they were like school bille
enhancing another like how many zeros is
that that would be a lot of goddamn is
this week this stupid face right here
Steven watch two billion times and it's
crazy thank you so much team super that
is amazing like actually how many zeros
in civilian nice yeah nine right and
Christian so my get about you sir 1
billion more but it'll most views it's
about the impact of with you so a
million ways to make the world a better
place a million smiles billion billion
and billion there's that thank you
Shamu I usually look to believe you what
is your message to team super out there
gray I just get a usual Kyle actually
said I'm really proud of you and proud
of team super excited to the famous
continue growing he's spreading
positivity keep watching all of the
goodies and mmm so we didn't vlog that
much today because I got to India midday
and I would do meetings and stuff and
there's not much exciting things
happening in this vlog so make up for it
I'm going to do what YouTube is all
about and do epic challenges dis track
nude kissing X what are some other was
food eating brought Angie challenges
let's go up first we have the epic
disgusting horrifying
huge challenge
every disgusting food challenge
when you stupid like subscribe comment
share chilled WorldStarHipHop they give
my role a real talkative alerts almonds
so weird so just reaction challenge
trash no it is 9 p.m. we're going to bed
while in our sharing rooms we get into
meanwhile cuddle my techies booty it's
gonna stay clean and white in between us
and even gay men don't want me game it
won't be great mentor what we know man
want me on gay men poster I want like a
cuddle there's a stereotype yeah it is
you want a cuddle you don't cuddle with
men either me you fiance so lucky I'm
gonna go to bed let's see how we did
today
so where do we go to India and we did it
easy peasy lemon squeezy let's go sit on
the toilet we're gonna ask you which one
I saw and it's between fighting for the
toilet
where's the toilet oh we don't were in
that separate room god damn baby oh can
I get in this room King Shannon fit duh
thank you for joining me on today I'm
sorry little blah blah especially been
missing yesterday's law and everybody
better but I flew here I take a long
time to fly to India don't cut me some
slack okay
I'm going to bed I went to that four
times the airport to head to another
part of India never been to before and
I'm so excited to do what good is
influence and voice and power if you can
use to tell both people that's true
power and I'm excited to learn about
ways that we know help people and learn
about things just so more better global
since you know name not every problem we
have solution and sometimes solution is
just awareness as well so that's why I
got so close that's all for today it
fell tomorrow look if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe also
hope you enjoyed Game of Thrones week I
am loving the videos or like 100% for me
but I hope you're enjoying them as well
the links are in the description to my
main channel if you want to go there
check them out the first one was why I
can never be on Game of Thrones and that
was if Jon Snow released a rap diss
track Khaleesi Cersei and white Walker
also have diss tracks and then the last
one video just really really funny so
stay tuned
