that tickles
good morning everybody
here today's one of those days I know it
is so awful those days are like how am I
gonna do all of the things I need to do
the answer by not complaining about it
strapping down whoso harnesses window
together as a team and we're going to go
to this level of life and try to get as
many of the points for you to get today
here is a mission you I have never call
at some point with my team and headed
right now to grant in to pick up my
Lango blouse which is not close to my
house that I gotta come back I do have
to record technically four wraps on say
that already have a written starting to
record them I also need to get my hair
and makeup done go to this reception
write my speech before the reception do
this speech and then come back home and
probably finish recording rap song
family for the airport at 6 a.m. in the
morning aside from all that the goal is
to not pass out and collapse or stress
because here's the thing right it's
little excitable until he's attentive
but my faucet is touch so anyways the
tentative but I think I can go through
my star and Lango blog right now come
back I have one hour to spare I can do
the first rap song that I know was
needed first then during my hair I can
write my speech then I can go to the
wedding and not drink go and tell my
friends I'll pretend to drink come back
home and if I guess I'm not like two
three have three hours to finish the
rest of the rap songs only men at each
dust and all nighter before I go to the
airport which is fine it's a long flight
so that's the kind of plan is very hard
to do because the key is my voice this
is another thing let's talk let's talk
why I couldn't do the rap song the past
couple days because my voice even right
now is you know has been sick and so I
have Mabel do them so today my voice
need to somehow not be this nature got
my outfit on Jack had a tournament
conversation I like to always be myself
around over I don't have to be like
superwoman
I'm just like not possible about myself
but I can be like so attentive super was
really dude when I was had a very good
candid conversation but life like of a
life a lot actually
I didn't you might talk more like I'm
kind of not good so you don't go yeah
it's good like even my dad hang out look
I don't have to be home I hang out more
with her doesn't hang over I go over to
her house just like I uncle so where's
the pegs equal drink cycles drink we
peanuts drinks is love my dad sit on the
grass like Elmer would have fit in like
this but no he got me a stick outfit
will show you when it's on and you know
some satisfaction so refreshing to be
well people like because I've known it
for so long I want to admit like like
this go on all the time should be really
awful people off in the sense that like
yo I'll be here
I'm slouching I'm just like not trying
to be funny don't need to before no
one's judging me just can be like it was
up just be actually such and I really
enjoy that about Armour I love them so
much need open up this is kind of a
sneak peek of the outfit which has to
wait to see the full look now until get
home and record a rap song and first I
want someone Emily's role in a
horrifying realization ice enjoyed a
card and take out money to give her a
gift and I used to do that and so I
don't think I can go home and worry I
brought somewhere now I don't have 30
minutes do that I think I have to commit
to the idea that I'm not to come home
and do them all
hi can I get an everything bagel with
cream cheese and cucumber by the way
this was Canadian money looks like as a
little clear part there 20 was this one
oh this million and
and a little stress I'm a little trash
that's okay fun fact I can do a really
good Alamo voice like you heard the
beginning blood pretty horrible right
what you should do when you need to wear
a lego would pop a short you should get
a nice cat because you want to look like
you're Shamu that came straight out of
the ocean it's okay what oh thank you
thank you so much $5.00
ice cub you know what salt our taking
give me some points letter money done
he's employing spudgy my hair and makeup
done no rap songs have been completed so
don't we point to that yet yeah okay
laughter okay also my date is here my
date looks much better than I do
he looks like I said don't you usually I
look better than you but you don't get
efficient you look stylish themselves
we're going way outfitted I'll show you
proper when I got a car we're heading
there we are late I printed my speech
give me some points did all that ish
water it's very much a try is unfazed by
you driving crash it's like like a dirt
oh that's so good oh very pretty we're
table number seven dance floor it is
very Alice in Wonderland I'm going to
enter through the top the first entrance
and I don't know the proof choreo
something to discuss besides and I
freestyle all night and I walk inside
yes all working on me yes you look so
good
twin sisters with the bride I think
that's what the hi to surprise the
singers go off board again the bride it
looks so gorgeous I can do so awesome
we're going to walk through here and I
hope often them up and down when you to
hold I want to pick the plotline all the
time
the cup of slow dance takes our dancing
but I pawned them off to someone else
and I'm here with all my boyfriend
he's exclusive channel for surgery a lot
of the more lasting threading greater
yeah you look great boo
give us a spin
you
I'm home time is 131 I did not drink I
left at a reasonable time I was like I
gotta go when two really decent amount
of time they're not like blah gotta go I
got working I got a good at the airport
she wasn't cool choking on my slip so
happy I got to celebrate with her but
now I don't leave the airport at 6:00
a.m. is 1:30 a.m. and I have to do for
rap song humor when I say it's no part
of me wants to do this right now I want
to sleep so badly but it comes down to
the fact I simply do not have a choice
because I'm leaving for India tomorrow
and there's no way I'll be able to do it
there also by time I land it'll be too
late and I just have to power to record
for songs right now so hold my hands
with this process
we're somehow gonna get it done I wanted
to be done by 5:00 and I'm done and it's
343 kill the game I'd have to send mad
emails though and wash my face
maybe I'll get a 1 hour nap and top it I
have something monumental to share one
is that it is for 30 30 minutes before I
wanna sleep I'm done packing I just send
some email which means I might be over
an hour and a half I snapped killing the
game and second monumental thing I write
those do they don't know my pillows name
is keen because my mom made it for me a
long time ago how the Christmas presents
the black pillow with ice cream who's
getting ripped up so my mom has created
a new pillow case for my pillow team
version 2.0 but both vocal teams still I
schemes but it's blue who is in my new
Keynes you my new King freaking love it
yo I'm so proud I bring when to a
wedding came home a recorded for rap
song what send these emails get an hours
sleep and jump on the side to go to
India I am too excited don't know if I'm
gonna vlog tomorrow I'm not really sure
I might we'll see it's kind of a travel
day we'll see I also want to say that
when you're watching this right now it
is Kyle Coons is birthday so everyone go
tweet at him I'm so sad that he's going
to spend her birthday on a flight that
I'm not even be with him one because
that's the type of guy Kyle is he's like
yo my birthday I'm spending on the
flight to get to India to work on some
good causes that's the kind of type
everyone go wish him a happy birthday it
is paining me I cannot be there with
them to give any gift or do anything
with them but I'm going to somehow do
special favor I don't know what yet but
I will
Cal your mother has an MVP consumer
loves you and you an OG let's see how we
did today
don't talk with learning make time for
your friends and family I'm getting
better at that because you know as I'm
at the event so it's very true you will
always make time for things that matters
I don't have a million hours in the day
but I want to choose wisely when I spend
those 24 hours on so the people are
important to me or let them know I want
to make time for them and I also want to
make time for my work more love stories
I'm so happy I went to this wedding
special time with Marlo and mighty and
just their family and it really has
filled a little bit of a hole in my
heart from not seeing them for so long
for the world about it thank you for
joining me
along the timer wedding is over
Stephanie Anderson my nigga did it the
end I'm gonna go until tomorrow today
when you're watching this right now
Game of Thrones week is starting please
show it some of I work so hard on these
but even if you don't watch Game of
Thrones just give them watch spread the
word and tell them did you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe Maha
believer hardy fanatic good tip Samaha
underhood not attack me buddy
whenever enemies already there in other
words I just really like the hell LNA
left you connected into vintage
