how I do this is beyond me good morning
with time is almost 9 a.m. I woke up at
6 there's too much shadow I can't do
that to finish my last rap song for this
video and here's this thing right I work
so hard on this video I'm so excited
about it and my last video where I
rapped as my mom like those videos the
rapid views never do as well as my other
videos but I still enjoy doing them so
it's like this is just a testament to
the fact that I'd slay this video for 3
days it's a testament to the fact that
how I'm excited about this content even
though it's going to get significantly
less visas 10 things that take way
shorter over time but that's ok that's
freaking exciting it here's the mission
for today you wake up and record a rap
song did it then we're going to finish
his last rap I'm going to drop my team
off at the airport got a go to our store
and get outfits and Sunday reception I
gotta take some pictures or something
and then I am going to put my mom to the
movies aside from all that I want to be
sleeping legit by like a very early time
nothing that's a single digit it has to
be two digits 12 a.m. latest all right
also I should wash my makeup off from
last night and probably my Mandy forgot
my makeup I hope usako's and realize she
doesn't actually need mega because she
wakes up perfectly she has two items so
I would go to item I do my makeup you
left me hanging girls I was a pop
comment thank you really hot I would not
refuse s to have this little tiny a
hundred millimeter bag she has you to be
my makeup bag I have like a hundred
thousand things ago my face she just
like with some moisturizer and just
agree stage homestretch are you ready
team homestretch object I need nothing
but I do know I don't know acts I'm
doing I know nothing we just wrapped at
record-breaking time record breakage I
also have rough but we did it and I'm so
happy we're done the video announced
major dance but I'm through the Game of
Thrones week on my channel starting on
Monday and I'm gonna lose a bunch of
Game of Thrones theme videos and how
many yet to stay tuned to find out all
of my videos that we will be gay of
those themes not a brand do not hash tag
at not hash tag spawns is the one person
because I love gaming those game gaming
up Thrones
I love gaming of Thrones and I'm so
excited about it so hope you like the
video I let all of your fellow Game of
Thrones fan attic fans know that gonna
be late about to be less from smooth
this book is my nose also I love this
month
I just goofing off on set oh wait okay
all right and to be there understand the
whole shoot today is what I been doing
laughs okay what I'm so really having to
you at a star dinner guide oh you two
thought that one answered exact and now
we are heading to risk with ease because
we have a little bit of time it's a
little bit enough to doing some job
fries Mzoli's holes we'll stop with a
bunch of lasagna so to hold some s right
now y'all go do it Nick all right round
two hundred brother cause for some yo
what's up hey what's up guys what's up
what's up with the parent goodie
the man Derek is very excited to be here
cuz he's been stalking Rick for for like
two years I've been watching him post
all it as building the restaurant all
the food and I'm like I want that bear
glove dude everything you're talking
about yeah yeah so they have a love
relationship online what we're getting
is we are getting some shot fries some
go booing what else we got the burger
kappa WTF a go bacon butter chicken
loaded and people die what's the way
yeah so those I don't know because
you've been living under some sort of
rock Rick one recipe to rictus which is
a Canadian reality show and he won with
his butter chicken lasagna recipe now I
hope some of you remember that stop over
there from the video but I was
vegetarian so I can ever try so Rick
always made me shy from your lasagna
which is like the vegetarian equivalent
kind of and he just made side from your
loaded fries right now
damn so when you're so good here so many
goes be sprayed what ii stock
satisfactions almost or you know I gotta
make my stops when I come here because I
need an outfit for Sunday's reception I
actually forgot about this until my
friend asked me yesterday what are you
wearing to reception I was like oh I
forgot now on the thing I had to do so
here we are and I'm gonna drop them off
to the airport mama mama mama
damn is hot today in Toronto the team
has gone they've left Sabre turn they're
on a plane back to LA I'm what to
release my video with Dietrich if I
could get my laptop with one hand which
doesn't seem like I can't oh there we go
let's do it oh my God my first a to
watch minor to my bridge though not
going to the movie all the show times
are so late to sound like 10:30 and
wonder woman's like three hours long so
I prayers will be so long to see why
that happens I'm hedging or do something
so annoying ran out I'm just to share it
with you you'll find out where I'm going
and it's fine I'm going to go take a
visa picture to go to India I'm gonna
shake I have to go get a visa again he
already do I could rant about this for a
hundred years but I actually have an
appointment with the person I have
basically I better get on your visa I'm
super gosh if I don't ever lose my mind
bones it'll be the picture it's entire
process me why do boys means it's just
so old school even how's it look it's a
gold in a picture of a certain size it's
a little bit off no can - I understand
passport it'll fit in a password these
are think it's on a piece of paper so
religious like don't get it and I called
it the world and with a Greek logo I
can't take a picture and I'm praying
someone can take a picture right now my
camera's broken schedule picture right
now because I'm going to post off so
like what the hell is happening here why
is it so hard he to be the picture taken
so I'm driving so far away the same
place going past producing and to get a
visa picture because on Monday I'm going
to India you don't say more about that
but first let's go get a visa picture
taken y'all on Twitter so funny I could
tweet anything anything online it
everyone looks what's wrong I'm
concerned what stellar so super
everything I tweet doesn't be something
wrong with me some others have thought
and feeling about things ever example
what I'm thinking right now this is
coming straight for me I am sure you're
not gonna like me saying this I was
annulus I am so annoyed that dawn
doesn't get more views and I am saying
this very like he obviously gets a lot
of you still like his numbers are still
very very high but I believe they
along with a lot of other Creators I
know everyone like different content
right but I just can't understand how no
one could question his video you watch
the vid you like the production values
amazing the story is amazing that
editing everything is amazing about
videos and actually he's so underrated
and it doesn't bother him at all he's
very not driven by views it has a
conversation before it annoys me he'd
even mad about I didn't always meet it
it always me that my friends like dog
and other friend that I don't get as
many views is not about views I get it
but it's just like it bothers me because
I'm like is this what people want that
is they just want like not this or maybe
I guess maybe people like different
things that's fine but just I don't know
call me biased
I just think Dom because there's more
views that annoys me you do not get them
that's how I feel right now I also just
had some fish Nick I wash my hair and
I'm going to check some emails and then
I'm going to go to sleep it's like only
10:45 literally receiving like 20
minutes and get some rest because I've
been stuff in so many days and I'm
feeling it what's going on just went to
almost all my emails because the ones
that are flooding in right now which I'm
not going to get to I'm going to bed the
time is time is it what time is it
11:40 not gray tiles around medicine so
I thought I would really early to head
to the Indian Embassy's I'm thrilled
about I'll tell you over by trip
tomorrow I'm going present really cool
stuff so it should be good let's see how
we did today
don√≠t talk with really in the best you
already know why I'm celibate when I'm
in Toronto you want to wake my mom and
get be singing stop cross the face I am
uncle I I kind of I'm ready to go back
to LA I'll go back to LA on Monday what
India but it's not because I don't like
to on ocean I don't want to live in a
suitcase anymore and I'm sick and I just
felt my bed with my room that's
functional my office that's functional
with the card to work here and I'm a
little out into the weather I'm doing a
little bit blah am I feeling too good so
way to go back until that happened check
out the new video show dogs do some love
check out my video the link will be in
description all that good stuff you know
what's up you know what's up cousin well
who if you like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe I scream you scream we all
scream for ice cream ice cream ice cream
I was like when I record these but what
can I say for 20 seconds here I never
know I should press record and do comes
every month and right now is coming with
us yeah
