I'm a stupid person welcome 10/10 ASO
early it's so early look how together
and well I look like I'm a well-rounded
well-developed human being I am tricking
people so hard today here's the missions
you gotta go to an edition got a write a
script gotta shoot that script that
report an interview go to my buck but a
Madeleine Bailey's release party and a
chilled FL Roberta
so today these sides are not so long
which makes me really really happy I
just went over them I'm feeling decently
good about them and I feel a little bit
more comfortable with auditions that's
the thing you're doing comfortable
things over and over again and
eventually get used to them so I'm gonna
go there and like always just try my
best
let's go also rearrange my closet so the
first time wearing this jacket you know
I love me some ah da da da da da da da
da da da da da da dee da da dee - all
day dream as a woman are they not just
like not mad honey
I did it I did it I'm always proud no
matter how I'm always practicing like
you friggin did it it's hard you are
your own person I think it went really
well the room was so nice so dope and
that always helps like it always helps
me walking the people are like genuinely
like want you to do well so I really
felt that way I also like never know if
it went well but I think it went well so
we'll see also funny mother essence
story I meet more Ron what happens so as
I was driving and parking in the law I
was like okay 15 minutes till my
appointment at 15 minutes at 50 min and
I was going over my lines as driving
like you know I was mostly tasks and
going over my lines for muscle memory
not realizing I was like you how is
there no parking what that for at least
five minutes this is not exactly for
these five minutes I was going in the
same lap missing the ramp to the lower
level every single time so essentially I
was looping like this probably at least
15 times me being like how big is this
parking structure wide there I was like
you're wait what this is look for if
anyone was watching in the camera loo
this a mother effing moron missing the
ramp
every time I'm a stupid person oh my god
let's go on my script
first of all in the car I drank this
much water which if you measure is
already a glass so give me the points
there's gonna be record-breaking history
and there's only three and I'm
addressing Gosselin I forgot how
flavorless grateful
obviously I wrote the script because
obviously we just racked and we killed
it and being a super relatable video and
there's popcorn everywhere and that's
all I really have to say Brogan roads
over here I spent the whole time looking
for Buffy yes it is I know this because
in the corner of the shooter was perfect
shut up a lot of you guessed it and you
were right when I tweeted saying there's
a guy miles following me right now a lot
of you were like it's a puppy or is
vogue and I did do bugs I meet the
questions released today the link is
down the description I'll put down this
little sneak peek I would regret it if
you didn't show me a secret talent in
this video do you think you could do
that for me yeah yeah ok ok do you see
this yeah it's a very sharp needle might
look like it's not they would say oh
it's really sharp ok I'm gonna put a
string through it tie it to my lip a
string and now Oh sign me sign me such
an honor obviously the video was so
because they do it legitimately one
taken so I was like ok it's
take the skittles trickshot let me drop
for your rapping in there let me just
make this as hard as possible so the
skittles thing I actually nailed every
single time except for the last tape so
we think we did like six times five six
times I got it I fumbled the rap once
but it is legitimately one tape look so
much practice and coordination Joe the
dude that like asked questions he's so
cool I hope y'all enjoy
I'm so honored obviously it was just
really cool and so I'm so grateful thank
you for the support just finished a
video interview where I attempted to
speak English and I think I might have
done a mediocre job I cut my fake
chicken just so I could do this what up
swipe transition Hey alright got ready
and by that I mean I put a jacket on
we're heading to Madeleine Bailey's
release party because supporting friends
is important let's go
Carolyn Carolyn Carolyn
I went to the release party came back
it's 10:30 p.m. and this guy is still
working here my friends this is what you
call a real one you're still here
hardest worker in the room right here
kudos to you my friend you are an asset
to my team and I appreciate you I smell
like a crazy woman
the time is said 43 and I have to rest
up for tomorrow shoot so that is what is
happening right now because the hustle
don't stop my pause right now and have a
little release party but it knows that
okey-doke
so I jotted down some ideas by call
times kind of in the afternoon tomorrow
so I didn't finish the script completely
but I got a rough idea of where I'm
going so I'm gonna call it a night my
head is kind of hurting I'm not being
productive anymore Taylor plus his soul
is still downstairs team squad my team
is the best I don't even understand I I
don't even I explained to you but my
team is best left yo DJ also minor
detail but I got a callback on one of my
auditions
you
