I'm up before 4 p.m. high fived good
morning everyone how are you
last night we had 12 million subscribers
I didn't really celebrate too much to go
so late at night but today will be a
full day of celebration for 12 million
covers that we get together on this
journey which is phenomenal
congratulations to you congratulations
to go fast my friend here isn't
appreciated today you I have to do a
call with my publicist did it I have to
have an interview for just laughs dated
I'll do another interview so just relax
greeted you me hard I was poised now I'm
going to prepare for Lily live and it
would really lies with Alex and Lauren
is a special guest special third real
edition after that has to get my glam
done my hair and makeup and headed to
the atomic blonde premiere I also go
through my emails it might not be three
times today but can definitely happen
before I sleep aside from all that I'm
so excited to go to the premiere because
you know I love Charlize I adore her I
have such a good feeling that this
movie's going to be like a very strong
female lead role bod galloping and I'm
just so excited about the good vibes
good energies and of course a
celebration of 12 million unicorns
across the world that believe in one
love and positive is led to it I'm
assuming that you believe in one love
and positivity I guess I can't say that
for sure but I hope you do what up
tattoo weapons any shades like once
never wear pants again we're heading
down Alex Laura downstairs Christa
matter how many hours are happy for a
school life is always rush I have seven
days but subjects there's no time to it
welcome back wow wow are you telling me
my day is going to be a good date I'm
not going to collapse out of absolute
frustration tonight I haven't here
attends like when to start at 11:00 I
was like yes 1km can be good it's gonna
be good gonna be good there's really
other for you yes me too yeah yeah I can
wake up like so early
hey for someone else yeah oh my god you
there before after mom will give up or
you trash bag that's my that's my bag
oh there's no way you saw my room you a
trash bag yes attorney you're going to
turn their alibi okay yeah the
deformation just work these Madison
satan youtuber okay okay three two one
is a president you go and try to get to
judge okay your your spirit was that
okay to get fun yeah I got them I got
them self Florrick it's adorable and
cute and edible no go it covered a Alice
only had one anxiety part yeah only one
side ones don't count birthday boy that
we have is birthday yes good how to feel
downstairs okay goodbye
beautifly goodbye come back to me happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear goofy happy shut up
you a survivor because Erin guppy was
supposed to be sick and not survive
right but look at the survivors
oh don't game that one up wow so fat and
healthy well yeah Bobby's birthday's
tomorrow
and has an early birthday gift I said he
could massage my head we're clapping
birthday poppy yeah the whole team is
here today
tastes like Oh Michael Michael yes
Michael like area but I'm back don't
worry no you missed me no that's not
okay listen I've seen your tweets I've
seen your crime scene your please
ass to trick but she says it while
chickening her head the sausage is like
I'm like my Harrison yesterday guy wall
she's like ah careful Fred don't worry I
have an abandoned you Lily been in me
for a while and call for yeah it's
called for that was time to wait more
dramatic I don't really want do this is
what's like Kim's all about Colin how
about continuously announcing who you
are and that you're here and then it's a
gif or Jif I I figure yes in the
programmer who actually invented it has
said like for the record that it's just
a lot of people say that but that's the
thing
language changes overnight you heard it
here first folks language it changes
over time the award for the person who
wears my cubicle creatively I'm going to
go to Ashley's you made a hearing out of
it and what's the stone labradorite
which is means one well I mean like any
stone there's a lot of things that are a
true here we go here we go here we go
all right so what I like about
labradorite is it is really helpful with
creativity and the key says create and
he says to the media close l98 it girl
getting nothing more magical than our
intentions are we ready to go this is
miles for us as anglers you see my
cleavage some coverings humble of hands
on a hold a really good pattern
oh yeah turn each other you could
possible exposing floral I'm so excited
to this movie the trailer is amazing I
hope we can see Charlize and I'm excited
there's a little more and I'm so excited
because girl love is also doing a
private screening of atomic blonde and
supporter shellingtons movie so that's
happening on Wednesday another thing
we'll talk about later that is currently
my stress in life is this movie schedule
I keeps changing over and over and over
and over again and the screwing over
anything I plan we'll talk about that
later say for now we're heading to the
premiere and it's gonna be tough
so the time so Scarpa is a goddamn mess
we got here like carpet I'd open the
carpet open comes open and so like don't
come back my 16 you're not gonna get
pictures and then I was like 550 so
that's what you buy or you can probably
now in the car before I wants carpets
because I want to look bloated and I
want to represent carbs
none of my lipsticks ruin and then means
my teeth also woke up a few days
I am so excited we surely did not
personally this year speak I'm so
excited
Kyle oh my lord when we went for dinner
actually telling me about she was so
like excited about Delta for things we
call for trips back house
bodger me so proactive brought the salsa
theater because I knew it was going to
be freezing but I just say can I just
say Charlie's is so damn hot I'm turned
full lesbo watching this movie I swear
to god she's so hot and got a movie I'm
gonna say I'm gonna go on the record and
say this movie has the best action
sequence I've ever seen in my life like
of all times
anyway I've ever watched best action
sequence she killed it I highly
recommend you watching them not just
because I'm friends with Charlize I'm
trying to go biased but she did such a
good job her accent is on point is so
believable her action shots are so
believable as well it was just so the
aesthetic of the movie is so beautiful
it is art it has such a vibe and such a
specific feel to it it was just so
goddamn good go watch atomic blonde I'm
not getting a paycheck for saying this
at all you honestly need to see it it
was like girl power all goddamn now I
feel like Wonder Woman this is like two
home runs in a row and it was just so so
good I'm so proud of her she's such a
gonna get to see her oh yes oh she did
so good I'm almost I took my shoes off
and it feels like amazing how you shake
this off feel even more amazing cuz digs
be restricted right now Oh technically I
was jus writing two scripts right now
lose my emails I'm so tired
early 11:33 late button in that first
phase of like sleeping to some thinking
that yo turn game stones week I was able
to leave a 5:00 a.m.
does 11:30 right now why can't I wake up
at like six or seven sounds very
unlikely why can't do that writing
scripts you bring to do that because I'm
so sleepy right now and the issue with
staying awake passes and I stay awake so
goddamn play until like 4:00 so maybe
I'll wash my face and go to sleep
is that a bad thing I might do that a
bad thing I'm so tired I'm so die no
wash face no I'm committing I'm going to
bed I'm gonna wake up early I'm gonna do
it I start a productive day today and
I'm having productively tomorrow need to
preserve my voice weakest voice in the
world but yo we kill it today mad
productive let's see how we did
you
done something thanks for joining me on
to the exciting thing happened read
today when you're watching with today
humble musical your hair is coming on
tango music girl so make sure you stay
tuned to socials and check that out I
will my new video or really happen that
will be separately you in description
also get the end card I check it out
super different from I think my other
videos are clean 9 characters sweet
adjust our results tomorrow we got a
doctor's appointment we I interviewed
Yahshua quit I managed to do so we need
to get some rest to get a lock and load
for tomorrow and tell them if you like
it subscribe if you liked it subscribe
yo check out my last video was talking
more right there my last vlog over there
if you've noticed I've been posting the
bloopers on a main channel
what do you think about that do not care
maybe doesn't impact you at all cuz
you're the vlog cam and wherever as you
see it but I've been doing it because I
feel like a lot of people used to always
comment being like post blooper slows
bloopers and not realizing it on this
channel so I start from the main channel
let me know your thoughts down below I
want to hear from you
