one my body saw Brooke reason to run on
what's going on fam good morning good
afternoon wherever you are good evening
good brunch or whatever I hope you're
having an amazing day actually a few
hours ago and I've gotten a lot of work
done since I've woken up uh gone through
my email and I ate and I can shower and
I that's so much every much if we're up
for this job is a mission for today we
are about to head downtown to go to
humbles music video shoot because I'm
making a cameo in it then I gotta get
some hospital pictures taken because
then you get a new passport tomorrow
morning then I got to come home and
write two last songs and then I got a
record to rap songs aside from all that
I am not putting anything else on my
to-do list because I always make a juice
as a hundred things long today I don't
feel like doing that anything that
happens in addition to those things is
bonus I'm gonna try it some bonus points
my back really hurts probably cuz it has
700 shots yesterday but that shouldn't
affecting my back I just love working
what about downtown Stewart my mom is
like is this guy that's me biting Kyle's
ear mom's not be in LA doing that
quality work making that quality content
I can do better you can make it better
okay oh my god no way
hey what are we doing hummus we are
shooting the music video what am i doing
it you were being the sexy love interest
oh maybe quite soft actually without a
beautiful only I could singer came to
you but not as soft as my for sharing
some stuff becomes a game of guavas here
all right Derek Pablo's here because we
have a shoot tomorrow
you're a bit fuzzy let's we free to
focus as this camera struggles with
white people yes you said it squad a
scene at my house Justin Sacher by the
way her dad's in a link you know I got
to tell everyone her dad's an Olympian
everything oh yeah oh oh a moussaka
during the race oh yeah we gotta get you
guys a race this time can we race like
guys in here come on right memories of
money let's try for this truck right
here oh that's obvious bet I know how
money on the stock Oh Derek I love you
you'll beat me but I got where's a
difference I got my money in with Socko
all my money
masago - what aren't you dating
definitely sucked out my comfort zone
but if someone's gonna be sick is gonna
be hard I gotta focus my boy humble
rider died you know what's good now
we're heading back home before you that
though we're gonna go to a place
Shoppers Drug Mart to get Shoppers Drug
Mart I guessed if you I don't know
letters they tell me like a lot I want
to Doug Marta will get my password
picture taken it is great because my
hair makeup done obviously shows like oh
just how I look all the time I gave my
passport picture with my crooked teeth
literally search the world for a place
that was still open through my passport
picture finally in the depths of
Scarborough whatup svar rose family
saying I found a place my hood right
here's my home finally got it I'm
heading back like nine ish sons hello
that's all about summer but I still home
and do these goddamn rap songs so and
heat some food my mom probably made some
delicious home-cooked food I'm telling
you the best part being home amount of
meat some home-cooked food go got back
rolled up a very good yes these less
individuals about taste my mom's chicken
barbecue chicken which is the best
chicken in the world so I'm not sure
really good good Joe's a clearly good
various is the only reason I come home
mom and dad just pulled through with the
family dinner then you Jack was coming
to like our reusable grocery shopping my
mom and dad are gonna watch
bottom g-d's rap video and I was like
don't be mad at me I'm touching booties
and this is you're going to see a
reaction right now this or look at you
looking she's reacting to who's this one
who's that a magician
yeah yes that's that's nothing look look
at Nara you so proud right that is like
Jayantilal I am drinking corn with no 1%
now the time has come for me to write a
record to Ralph on the real ones with 11
p.m. I have to be up by 6:45 6:30 a.m.
- those two do some have your new
passport because I passed or get this
I've only had for three years and just
like blessings on blessings
three-year-old passports full I've got a
new one
four pages because there are no pages
not ask for any more mmm slept like a
tomorrow morning it's like you can't see
up to delay by a to the two songs so
let's get to it when the struggle is too
goddamn real it is like 12:30 it's not
going well I can't think of anything
none of the witty lyrics are coming to
me right now and this is where
creativity on demand is super
problematic I don't know what to do oh
god no what time is it
the time is 138 I'm gonna try to see if
I can do what I did for the bottom G the
rap tracks and I'm going to sleep and
wait about five and see if I can do this
so be right back I'm going to nap well
that was a wrap be right back in that
can I do no I can't do this okay
the time it is 7:45 Italian 15 months I
already pushed things late I'm pretty
much done writing I'm going to go ahead
to do with half my stuff now and record
it at the YouTube space before we start
shooting I'm technically not done
but I need to go and then I'll finish it
there also my days have now merged
together again I'm going to end this
here let's see how we did do
uh what really stuck willy-nilly of
nandus log and then literally Washington
tradesmen start burning logs what's
gonna happen I think today was not great
in terms of productivity I don't feel
like I finished all the things I want to
finish but it's okay I'm going to make
it happen make it work I can choose my
schedule a little bit to fix this
it'll just rate if you wanted to put my
new video it is bottom G being a rapper
and between description shows some level
with a real heart now otherwise you
enjoy your life listen to me you enjoy
your life as well kukuku
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe you're alive the last two days
I started my makeup on and then tomorrow
I'm gonna wake up with 700 I would be
like how how I'm a dumb person you
thought of the unsubscribe to you I'll
just go out to me and leave me a comment
below because I'm a dumb person that
does dumb things and then complains
about dumb things
