what's cooking good-looking good morning
did I wake up really early today no kind
of feels that I've been officially at
11:30 air which is not great I know what
it is I just can't fall asleep at night
of course it's all be traveling all that
stuff I think my mind is just being too
active again at night I have to try some
natural horrible some things to fall
asleep and get a quality sleep but it's
okay because the rest of the day be very
productive also please talk with me real
quick to the worst place to get a pimple
here
I don't know pimple developing here
hurts so much right on my mustache
hahaha we're practically here is the
mission pan exterminators going to come
to my house to get rid of all the things
I need to be exterminated
done give me the point I'll have a call
in about 20 minutes after that I have a
meeting with my team I got to go through
my inbox and clear all my emails if
there's this oh I got it release the
video ends on bloopers I got to finish
writing another script let it have
dinner with my sis Lindsey Stirling but
a small that's going to be a present
energetic Daniel early just say you know
the mission say you know when you see
people in there just smiling just
because they're alive that's what I
would usually I was gonna be smiling and
I don't need a specific reason I'm just
gonna smile because do I have a reason
not to think about it that's my there
fetus vibes and finish my call human
appoint just release my video and the
bloopers I've been posting my bloopers
on the main channels and testing the
waters seeing with crackalacking and
blue super 60 right now as you they
don't know and I'm able to learn by my
computer and not traveling and not going
to play I try to do super 60 which is
responding to comments for 60 minutes
after I released a video so that's
what's happening right now bamboos over
here literally eating his family members
as he said and literally eating his
little nephew right here on this plate
yeah I am just finished my meeting went
great I lazy in the back I wish you got
a quality so can you have a cheap I
screamed honest my I'll watch you
consume using so we're in a Donuts for
Kyle right now Shamu hungry fantasy
Shamu
we both witnessed some next-level self
control right now is what you're about
to see here we go here we go and they
close that through
no need for self-control today we have
ice cream at home you can have that yeah
a little crazy person right now Oh
humidity goes in my hair I just might
you know get I'm trying to this thing
with emails when I go to my emails three
times a day once in the morning once
midday once before I sleep before I
sleep is there so that when people wake
up the morning and never bleep earlier
than I wake up they already have
responses from me the day before so
three times a day is what I'm trying to
avoid myself doing that hold is
refreshed has been fresh check just
three times a day now I'm going to write
and do some planning scheduling in terms
of my content and which film game so far
so real hot and are a really hot I love
making up for that popcorn today for
sure just wash the dishes give me the
point creamed up downstairs we made a
point let's take a shower this is going
to be here and 30 killing the game and
before I wash the dishes I basically
finish the rough draft of my script so
as I do is for matter now whoa and I've
done this I'm going to say it again it
is so hot if I keep putting my hair up
in Asia also the first and so on of them
I make up again so ha the skin's not
doing so great name is doing more water
cuz I'm sweating buckets losing it off
because they don't know best weekend on
Sunday I am going to be hosting a gala
Just for Laughs in Montreal tickets are
on sale I'll put a link in the
description if you want to check that
out I'm super nervous living a little to
stand up and a little bit hosting but
gonna be great you want to check that I
only live in Montreal and PL get
challenges he'll be here you know I only
order the good good
the good good when Bay comes over I got
your talk about ordering me with this
shirt fashion on point
Mura honor shirt I just want to look
good that's all okay I have a request
I'd to do someone ask you again so in
the chapter I write about you in my book
had to be a boss about you being my
biggest inspiration in Idol you do this
pinky motion can you show them the pink
emotions very mall so a pinky like it
wants to be kind of straight when it
hits the violence but it's supposed to
be curved like so usually highly erratic
movement happening right here not like
that like this go reread the chapter now
you'll notice that say what I'm talking
about no I had to cheat with my meals
because they came also almost here so
that's also a good reason I want a
picture reference
liver-busting grass okie-dokie the time
is 11 p.m. and I need to finish writing
the script so you don't get back to work
you're you know I'm going to go on a
post to Lindsey rampage rampage another
burger he'll know but I'll offer we have
so much in common it's scary sometimes
we did this thing where she said
something at the exact same time like
they were like oh that was did that same
exact performance all day so I was just
having this really dope conversation
with Lindsey and it's so relevant right
now as well we're talking about how she
wants to do these videos and I want to
these videos you know they didn't post
videos you have been worried about a
thousand people getting offended humble
about some of our love like do you sue a
girl level become a place for like these
people start hating on etc etc non like
this and the thing is like you can poke
holes in anything because there we take
anything and poke holes in and find
reasons to be offended and find reasons
not to like it and find reasons to be
attacked I think it's so much more
productive and positive to find the
things that empower you and don't
involve yourself in the things that do
not I mean I understand you could come
up with a gang of extreme exceptions to
this rule but I'm generally speaking
things that you know with a girl for
example like Gollum is not about the
people and this is by the way just an
example and giving you nothing happened
but golem is not for the people that
will get offended by it it is for the
hundreds of girl that inspire this for
them to feel empowered if you are not
with people and find something that does
intolerance or focusing on the things
that not empower you right this because
I'm you posting my video today
real things what you will send to me I
ask my whole team full of people do by
this offensive
Iowa's expensive it's clearly very light
hearted it's clearly very comedic and
playful
I fully say it's not meant to be
offensive I only make sure that the fun
is being poked in both directions even
still I knew I'm going to post this
video that when we reinvent of course
majority people like if it was a handful
people that like also use bashing white
people now I'm saying it must be so much
work to find things and make them offend
you and to get personally attacked and
then you know what the video is not for
you the videos are the other million
people that laughed at it and if you
don't want those people Apollo
I can make you laugh go find something
that does make you laugh because that's
way more productive I think because even
in our lives you and I sometimes it's so
fixated on that negative thing that's
not negatively impacting us and maybe
that thing is not for you go find
something positive instead yeah you got
to live like like I have a team full of
white people I'm not try seven because
I'm incapable of white people that means
I love white people that not even think
I love white people that's even strange
because I can generalize all white
people but it's like if you look at my
old videos I could easily put up videos
that are called like the difference
between white golden brown rows are like
things I said back in the day no one had
a problem with it it's great that what
we're coming more sensitive and more
socially aware but also like chill the f
out sometimes if you're offended I come
getting offended by comedy so
counterproductive meant to make you
laugh and smile it's meant to talk about
subjects that maybe make you feel
uncomfortable otherwise it was meant to
do but you can't handle very much I'm
telling you real things like literal
real things people have said to me cuz
that's what I can do in my videos right
and with a girl that's all I can do I
can talk about my personal experiences
and the thing that really happened to me
who are you to say what those
experiences mean you know that means
this came from no place I can't express
enough that does not come up late the
defense or angers me as interesting is I
was talking to Lindsay and humble ask
what the goal of things are like all is
a very interesting point maybe it's a
sense of entitlement that we all feel
that everything we encounter is meant to
cater to us no it doesn't cater to you
find another planner only all good
that'll be necessary is enjoy your life
a laptop and dine now so I gotta go
ahead let me do the blog clip but I need
to read my script I want to that glaze
what are people he'll assume in yeah all
for a record I know when I tweet
sometimes my location shows somewhere I
don't know why Kyle is not tweeting on
my behalf you're not even signed in to
my account it clearly something on his
computer or phone is glitching because
when he travel somewhere when someone
else child to be shows up on my track I
don't know one locations off it's like a
Twitter glitch so I know it's
in Portland Oregon before it said I was
in South Africa before another times I
was in Portugal not in any of those
places I'm sorry don't listen to my
Twitter location they're drunk Twitter
is drunk alright pretty much done that
script I just want to tweak it one more
time before I save it and send it I'm
going to now pass for much tomorrow
later tomorrow an idea I came up with a
while ago - what a movie set is like
because you know what growing up I used
to be so fascinated by movie sets was
like one of the people no you haven't
got the chance to be on a movie set what
it's actually like is actually pretty
ridiculous I'm so era's most of that and
for this I'm going to play nine
characters I could have got extra I
could have got nine extras do but I have
this vision in my mind when I'm playing
every person in the crew and we do wit
pants such as going for me too me too me
too me too because I thought it'd be
really cool so that's working out to
pack all the character costumes and
that's what's cracking the song green
light by Lorde we spent 100,000 times of
all I got sick of it I love it so much
all right yeah I'm done packing my stuff
I'm just going to proofread my script
and then send it off as well and we
accomplish pretty much everything honor
to do is maybe even some extra stuff
we're actually subsidizing I stuffed
with them in boxes well before I sleep
so I gotta two more things i'ma do a
friend this log let's see how with it
right
duh thanks for joining us today if you
haven't seen my new video real thing why
people have said it essentially things
who will affect me in my real life for
real and then I reverse it and show what
it would sound like if I spoke to people
the way they spoke to me and pretty
friggin hilarious so if you feel like
your panties are resistant and getting
in a bunch will free check it out and
relax and enjoy it enough that's cool
too there's lots of other stuff for you
on the internet but that I was bottom
book that honestly it truly was not
inspired by like a commons is truly
inspired by humble comment about like
girl love that really got me thinking on
interesting I might know talk about
ideas also interesting don't talk about
people don't know what idea torrent
ideas so underrated sometimes I feel
like I not going to rant all the time I
said not enough people talk about ideas
we have unhappy patients show what you
talk about color ideas not people not
what people are wearing out to look like
sunlight we want a segment hug yourself
every time I said where ideas Intel
tomorrow
cuckoo if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe you know a lot of when
I end my vlog is dictated by which
pimple when a pop any observable
sometimes I'd like to remove a black and
I can't be doing that when I'm lying in
my face will be all at puffy inish I
want to show us a lot of what happens
let's get a cell problematic recently
why is here why this happening so
traveling to the heat all the times I
please no makeup on what shut up ooh huh
what
