Jesus to heal good morning yo I have a
fever
I think I'm so hot inside I woke up I
slept in I just like dying with y'all I
am gonna rubbish all of my power to have
a successful lasted Internet and from
the show of a lifetime they've been
waiting so long I'm waiting too long to
perform so I'm feeling really sick right
now so imma drink some good drinks right
now hydrate myself take some medicines
and I promise you 100% of my energy to
go on stage today because the mission is
you catch the venue go over the complete
show because has been a month since I've
done the show
soundcheck is included in that no my
hair makeup have them being reads with
600 people gonna go do the show golden
ticket winners imma do them too and then
hopefully some doubles when I come home
the plan is I'm supposed to be recording
those rap songs because all he needs a
day or two to master them before the
video comes out my try everything my
power to do that if we're really
difficult especially my voice is gone
aside from that I'm sick I'm gonna take
care of myself
I'm also going to make sure I don't feel
sorry for myself look about my deal yo
I'm sick but I'm here and we go make it
happen - dad - bagel we go make it
happen got to the venue to claim in an
app on the car I'm so dizzy right now as
I think I'm maybe dehydrated so hot with
a lot of water and I'm going to do this
right now I feel like what we're going
to do this oh there's Donuts healers
pizzas you're the best medicine and I
think about these any one quality to be
productive comas know what happened to
soundcheck I think I remember most the
show that's great kind of muscle memory
so what I'm saying it comes like
remembering 3 times 4 6 12 15 orders of
like main subheadings on every line but
I think I got it not getting it started
on the venue not ideal the stage is not
ideal screen and does nothing about the
venues ideal but I just want to say a
little heart to heart we French are
getting ready is Trinidad and I'm sure
you know how difficult it was making the
show happen the dates change because a
lot of you had exams there wasn't two
shows two one there's a lot of issues I
think one of them might be that it's a
book tour so maybe you're not as excited
by the book tour but I want to be open
and honest and say that some of the
issues were also just with the team
organizing here in Trinidad which is so
out of my control and I saw a lot of
comments in regards to that and without
throwing shade and being negative I do
want to say that this is the struggle
and
so the difficulty of doing shows in
places that conventionally they're not
done at least with like people I deal
with in America is like probably my
agency I'm the first person to ever do
so internet like literally that's all
because it is and so to find the
promoters and all those people that are
like you know on point and do things a
certain way is really difficult and so
process was disorganized and if it was a
little shady or whatever I apologize is
really out of my control but you live
and you learn and you know who you want
to work with and not work with and all
those things so it's probably best real
possible in this venue I'm is multiple e
multiple e not the word change date of
this show we're going to make it the
best experience you can possibly make
and the next time I'm sure that I will
be that much more smart make a better
team and know all those things and
career patients and we're gonna rock out
I've met my new favorite person on this
planet everyone else been replaced come
in come here what's your name yeah how
old are you and you watch my videos
Allah what's your favorite video ask me
the ones that your son was my mother's
father okay and you said you felt bad
for me when I cut my hair yeah and
something got stuck in your hair tell us
about that time I had to cut it off and
then my father just really and I was
like SIA T is definitely too
and then what are your babies he said
that I was crazy you're so sweet and
adorable excited for my show are you
going to say come on
Okoye suddenly are you shy but oh it's
all the last time I had to go with a
party my daddy made me wear those
dresses what a dear is all the Vietnam
and I was like Daddy is their party but
just was too long you can say hi to
everyone it seems super alright for the
mean green I'm wearing the same shirt I
wore for weeding because it is so hot
and I need to become flora now so don't
judge me we're in same outfit what's
going to be 600 people which will be
real real top you just 200 but the two
shows combining a whole bunch of other
things make it a six so six hundred
people in the show we go
a couple hundred gun hopper water goal
of 100 more to go I'll be lying my cell
wasn't dying right now my throat hurts
so much
okay we're gonna persevere through this
94 years how could I not give you 100%
of mine
it should be agreed my throat kills a
bunch of the show but I just want to
show you why my team is the best because
they get scrappy as hell there's nowhere
to hang the clothes so this metal
contraption was made to hang the clothes
then there was no working microwave so
not up but boiling water
this bowl and put the food on possible
this is this extent of scrappiness we
have it right now
alright dholak so we're gonna make it
lit I don't get how like my boy starts
tried to bang on let's do it
alright liliane
I am some Canada France from India so
for some reason when I'm come here is
just feeling like oh I know your dad put
your daughter in here okay what's your
name
you bet please don't talk to me that's
what a guy looks like that before
the real reason you do what you do
that's where you want to get so big
double growing some of those meaningful
solutions if you hold a little hell
copyright everyone who is you're not
doing your hair and using my cell the
count of three or should share ten times
out over yourself
one two three go
you're not going to survive like you're
going to conquer life and you're gonna
be don't think it ever be a common five
people everything sold one person above
you I would hope you let I'm being a
baby you're gone
I love bloody mess boss in the world I
would be like a happy person in my
tiredness love you so much
yes and I just oh my I look so what do
you like
only probably super DMC I'm one of our
promotions us last presenter want you to
be in effect for my voice is that but
that audience was the best audience and
we're so sweet at the end I almost died
there were so sweet we'll talk more
about this later when voice is way too
much I am so happy I love you so much
and big off yourself to fans that gave
us as cake look at it look at this cake
come on big off yourself we're gonna
dive right into this right now
really
ah yo my toe hurts so much that you
heard this all day but I really do push
as much as I could which is a little bit
stressful because I can't record the
songs right now I mean they're one day
late so really I'm hoping all you can
pull through and do them in one day and
when I go to Ottawa a day from now I
hope my voice is back because I not
performed some rap songs I mean does
mother ever write here imagine when I
say turn that thank you so much follow
this is so disgusting Turner a cry from
work for RL and filters out and at the
ending of the show was just so sweet
with the surprise and the sing of the
song it's my heart absolutely melted so
thank you so so much I won't go on and
on and on but because my filter also
because it would be redundant you know
how much just like a perfect ending to
the tour for me so thank you so so much
you really came through for me to record
rap songs well let's see how we did
today
toilet top we're not a signature our so
I can't sit on the toilet but thank you
for joining 9 today we are leaving
Trinidad just a few hours into the air
pouring whiskey for an hour and a half
and then we're heading to the airport
heading back to Toronto had to do
Ursuline to Ottawa for Canada we day so
I'm excited about all that thank you for
joining along and Tom tomorrow got to
Toronto all around the world was like
I'm naked but I'm not it does in my
house if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
Yoji just sneak peek of what's poppin on
Monday ringing it bottoms you to Rap
Tracks on the Thursday is that right is
Merida you're going to collab a lot of
fire because are coming to make sure you
subscribe not only this child but my
main channel on the links are in the
description
