you know what I hate today my uterus
good afternoon is not even close to
morning my jetlag I cannot shake I said
yesterday I was gonna go to sleep during
my first wave of sleeping it I did not I
stayed up watch one chick and then it
passed and then I was up until 5:00
again so I got out of bed at like 1:00
and then I woke up my period and I was
dying so I breakfast and I went back to
sleep
what is like 3:30 and I'm just starting
my day which is not great I want to
start my hustle today yo wealth has
their period out there comment below is
like a noblewomen sync with all my
brothers and sisters asking about you
got your period I would love to go there
trying to avoid ranting about my period
for this whole vlog because I think
you've heard that 1 million thousand
gazillion times here is the mission for
today you have a call before I got
canceled so I guess I did it give me the
boys have a meeting right now with my
team and then for the rest of the day
I'm having a writing day where I'm going
to write a script for tomorrow I have to
go to my emails I have to do some stuff
for this vlog channel and I'm going to
leave that at that and push it out of
the way because everything else is a
bonus and there's also really hard but
my god pan your responsibiiity I love my
Eunice it's cuz meeting yeah you just
finished a meeting look who's here okay
rappy knock on stairs not baby July I've
been relatively unproductive thus far
today my stomach is hurting enough okay
a hot ball to put me out of commission
not enough for maybe dying but enough
for maybe like not the best it is 7:00
p.m.
also I'm going to work now and do
something else and try my best
thanks to it hi my inbox is that zero
give me the point but I haven't sent any
of my massive emails yet but I'm going
take a little bit of break because you
know why the stomach is hurting so
drained of energy and I want chocolate
oh my god all the stereotypes are true
but I'm gonna watch an episode of Jane
probably I'm almost done season 3 so
what I'm going to watch after that by
that Simon do I take a break as my hot
water bottle on my uterus and hopefully
it's an email accidents exciting stuff
what do you up to really exciting stuff
happening over here you're on I mean Joe
Patrick shut up what okay this is
something very sentimental don't get
confused okay I'm still an OG I feel
like my stress levels greatly decree one
humbles around I want to go ahead and
send home
around I saw happier less stress because
I think I don't want to talk to of
friends ever seen priorities we were
talking about priorities I already
they're important any relationships just
like I'd like to be around people
everyone from applications view with
people that have to comparative to learn
but it's comforting humble I had very
similar priorities in life and so it's
like you understand me I Daniel I have a
friend I can talk to friends look at him
he's cooking is for him but so he's
cooking self-sufficient survive so give
us through model citizen right here uh
some of the great guy all right time to
watch
we're walking dead weight and hold on
Jane the Virgin who episodes down need
to get some work done now and play a
game of ping-pong so I can wake up a
little bit and then I'm only looking out
we're going to go to bed I'm not trying
to a 5en ting Jeremy no no should we
turn the snow machine off not stop stop
stop stop
alright it is midnight and I am actually
been chilling it I sent a whole bunch of
email figure out a whole bunch of stuff
I'm feeling that I'm in a good place I
feel very very productive now I'm hungry
gonna have dinner at midnight because I
woke up so late everything's asked out
everything septa let's go eat some
dinner
should you not I swear to god her
typical blood spiral just attacked
literally attacked me I know usually say
it up I know I always say that but this
time I was walking down the stairs with
a spider on the wall I saw anything show
literally she looked a bit 96 answers I
came up just I came in chopped it jumped
and landed beside me and then charged
this is karma foisting it but it
literally ran toward you is a jumping
spider on my little quivering I can't
even how dare you how dare you oh my god
oh my god how big enter my home I will
kill you I will sub tweet at you okay
swear to God I will flirt with your ex
do not fuck with me I swear to get I
hope people to go up turn I can't go up
there there's nowhere to go back up to
this are you dumb or you know I don't I
tell me what you want wait wait so look
if you want me was back up those stairs
with the flying jumping spider hey look
if I will sleep with the goddamn store
why is my camera so dark so on the wrong
goddamn setting cost what about supplies
we did it
mm okay okay so I have no plan of action
because I left my phone upstairs I can't
even call the police but I know humble I
don't know maybe he might be sleeping
but trying to see spiders don't see it
on the first couple stairs but Lola you
look at me I swear to God I have a gun I
will kill you swear to god you don't
wanna I will kill us what about anything
no Gary you know because no I don't see
here's another festive I will see a lot
of trusting I could see at least I could
be like okay they can throw a dag or at
that spot but I don't see it so I can't
can't I can't
yeah all right I know what to do goodbye
everyone just read I just read I just
read them oh I think it was bad I belong
today I'm sorry I don't really show you
much of my daily to show you anything
and stomach was hurting so bad all day
like I don't care I'm not showing your
driving montage okay I'm not showing me
opening the door handle he's not assume
I got out of the car okay you could have
put the pieces together they're really
great meeting today discussing the
future of Superman and all the things I
want to do and all things I excite me I
have a few types of meetings some of
them are about a bunch of stuff that I
know I have to do what am i okay is a
lot of things to do but this one was
like I'm going to tell you a few that
excites me and I want to do this stuff
because as much as I want to be
successful and grow and be a
businesswoman I also want to be happy
and I want to divide my time between
business stuff that's not fun but it
kind of happened and also stuff that
excites my soul that's what I want to do
and I also know what that transition
comes a lot of the audience not getting
it like sometimes when I make content
even like the game of Thrones stuff is
like what are you doing make videos with
boys and talk about relationships and do
types of I'm in this place or I want to
do both you know I want to do the stuff
you already know I'm doing and I also
want to do stuff that just I excites me
and so I'm excited about all the things
to come but for now I'm going to wash my
face change my clothes and maybe one or
two emails more and then go to bed
because I'm going to sleep at 5:00 a.m.
every day and it's an effing up my sleep
schedule so try my best to go to sleep
soon Indiana yeah yeah Joe you Joe are
you Joe okey-dokey smokey let's see how
we did today
I talked with Larry I'll just I don't
have a choice I can't sleep in tomorrow
have a call at 10:00 a.m. which is like
not that early but it is compared to
times I've been waking up so I will be
forced to wake up early no matter what
state my uterus is in so you better
freaking get on board plan man freakin
uterus I hope you a wonderful great day
comment below let me know what's it say
I want to know who I know what exciting
things you did what did you eat when
Jimmy was chilled what did you watch let
me know some great ideas is cool but
what did you learn
no boys did you smack let me know in the
comment below and I will try my best to
reply to as many as I can tonight hell
tomorrow
cuckoo if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
Milo everyone ever told you is what I
said the toilet this is what I look at
this picture she believed she chose what
she did and I read one of you gave that
to me so not like give me some context
look at that I think you're right there
with me when I'm taking a poop and you
know what we did not definite so you
should blog that next time no no we
ain't go sink that low
