it's like 4 p.m. right now what is going
on what's cracking again what do you
love we bought me this shirt by the way
thank you very much for doing that today
is going to be a very unique day I slept
in because of the jetlag knows that the
shirt shows my cleavage show so much
display today it would be very
interesting because we have a mission
that I've never before I had any rescue
mission nothing today I'm doing nothing
gas here today is a mental health
relaxation day which means I'm gonna do
whatever I want couldn't be worked it
could be some emails if I want it could
be health stuff if I want is whatever I
want because my work life officially
resumes tomorrow give myself one day off
because I'm working so hard and
traveling and just need to get my stuff
together so really today is whatever I
want whatever things I find importance
in are going to happen today I got my
Pink's all coordinated first day I'm
gonna do something I would had time for
but it's really important I'm bushed to
go get my eyes checked let's go
monumental moment I'm kind of nervous to
get my eyes checked cause I'll be
embarrassed you can be like can you read
these letters I would be like a 7-pound
exclamation mark not as loving every
goddamn moment of this I'm really
excited right left center so far and a
CH
don't you love that that's what we want
all right so I pick two pair of glasses
and I'm like oh my god I look like a
different first and last go move my card
it's been one hour that's what I'm back
to I am back to having Neil
no oh I'll be miss so glasses are really
expensive I paid it more for them
because I wanted them today I'm gonna go
pick them up right now cuz I said an
hour and I was like they like again in a
week it wasn't out there were more today
I just come from a place that's more
expensive but they were able to tonight
because I'm like certain things you just
have not be so cheap oh you're so cheap
with everything country glasses God
knows are you to being a wig just get
the glasses I'm excited I got two pairs
so I'm excited about I was like I need
to do this is a sentimental moment to
feel my life is I'm so busy I get you a
lot of really cool things but I don't
get to do the things that I need to do
sometimes it likes example getting my
check for glasses literally able to just
do it as a single gap in my schedule
which I could do this other things like
I really want to get another tattoo I
want to split a month some help time to
do this look there's some personal
things I don't really find time to do
them trying to get better at that but
gold I got a new tripod if you refer
back to a few vlogs you know I was
trying with a hammer and screwdriver to
fix my last typo I got a new one and so
I'm going to put you up on that red one
haha alright everybody we're going on a
field trip to make really see again
buckle up because I don't have my
glasses yet kidding that's a joke
kidding I can drive not a are you ready
to recreate homeless music video or you
could handle owe me a cardboard I was
going to put my car for that instead of
getting them and those have been locked
away for good
you got the good thing you got the good
you got to go yeah I got two pairs one
of them ooh I like this Cape burn the
second one wet ink like I'm show you the
drive off driving oh my god thank you
now let's target do things our way to
clear right now
holy crap you're telling me not all
buildings okay I know I'm not Jasmine
from Aladdin but really it is a whole
new world a new Fantastic point of view
okay I swear I got two pairs is this one
which is more cash won cash cash cash
and I got a second pair just because
we're I'm going to most often wear my
glasses is probably on stage because I
can't ever see teleprompters you're at
we did try that and you know what I'm
talking about and this is the second
pair I got you like you like you like
you like you like if you think so
clearly cool be alert I'm opening my
maps I bought one million years ago that
I've opened yet basically you scratch
all the places you've been
and gonna frame me let me show you
alright so the first place wanna scratch
is Ontario which you know Toronto the
province Robin do we go well so are you
oh it's horrible what the hell nothing
oh I guess II steel screw at 84 years
one of my first one
great now just a hundred more to go
this is my progress for one day now my
hand is tired TRADOC I trained at
seventh in India Australia killing the
game publisher one day so a lot more to
go but looking good also making me
realize I need to go to like bigger
Russia humbles like neither go to places
that only bigger on the map I have a gig
in Greenland I know you know why that is
it's because when they wanted settlers
to come to those countries they put the
name opposite even though is I see they
call the Greenland so they wanted more
people to go there that's a historic
fact me I have problem you know what
problem is you know day off I'm always a
guy do this and go do that I'm so like
task oriented where I'm like ok I'd
enjoy anyhow stuff yet like I did look
at stuff I want to order online anything
I have to do that make your mind with no
the mission with nothing if you don't do
any house stuff trade that's ok you know
ever you want not blue starts with my
biggest problem if I tried to fill gaps
of time with tasks or sometimes I just
need to be like I'm gonna do it ever I
feel right now
start with scratching map so I scratched
the map I felt like sobbing so I stopped
beside this is not work the day off you
can do this we're gonna watch white
chicks humble never seen an IQ is like
detrimental to someone's life I think I
would improve qualities like so much
right now like just on my favorite movie
so hard to watch that you know why
because the mission is nothing today
tomorrow doesn't directly you know I had
to end off my day off right in the hot
tub had some me time which is crucial to
have I'm going to go back inside I'm
going to wrap up as lon I'm going to fix
my eyebrows a little bit and then I'm
going to go to sleep and wake up
tomorrow knowing that I'm going to also
so goddamn hard some hot tub thoughts
for us all is that everything is a
goddamn work in progress
no ever always asked me if I could tell
my younger self anything what would be
it would be that everything is a work in
progress you will never figure it out
you'll figure things out as you go along
but it whatever it is you'll never see
it out because it will always change
whatever that it is what is this problem
what is this issue that will always
change you will never figure life on
this because I always sit in my hot tub
and I was like okay how can I resolve
this issue I'll get better at this for
example right now I was like okay to
give myself more me time into
prioritizing what in my life can I cut
out and I can't think of anything to cut
out I do it after my 8 is always
changing right now my it is what can I
- my life - mama is going to be like how
do I conflict resolved with this person
tomorrow my tit is going to be how do I
figure out this video script so it is
only going to change we're never going
to figure it out then it's a working
process and that's okay it's about
getting as many things learned in a day
learn learning as many things as you can
in a day trying your best going to sleep
wake up the next day and do whatever you
can to make that journey continue and
now I'm just talking gibberish my
promise coming from a place of no
alcohol actually not even drinking it's
generally coming from places like me
cutting myself some slack because I
always lose so much pressure on myself
to figure it out it's okay if you don't
and it's okay if you don't figure it out
you're trying you're trying to figure it
out and that's all that matters
try and figure it out trying to figure
out how I'm going to get myself more
meat I'm trying to figure out how to
grow through womb and trying to figure
out how to improve really I'm trying to
figure out all of these things and I and
then when I'm done so we tend more
things to figure out and I will and this
is when all team support like oh yeah
hello dr. field calling for a friend
calling for a friend
alright apologize for that brain moment
okay Donna progress
I want apologetic about it black concern
admission was nothing today scare stop
down low and consignment lali lali
considered the mission was nothing today
let's see how we did
so I talked with Sigma during our three
members I did not release my super
Monday video intentional myself or
Thursdays and so much has been happening
on my channel but I did do a super 60
that was dope
yes with stuff and stuff and stuff and
stuff so that happened particularly
Cox's point is I'm trying to not wake up
late tomorrow I'm trying to wake up I
start my hot wings that's going to
happen I can't wait for you to come
along on my journey to tomorrow the
hustle is going to continue and tell
them who hope you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe you know what I
encourage you all to do and I usually
say to click this link subscribe do or I
encourage you all to do very simple one
word think or anything about an idea
about your life but improving about a
song ready to just think spending time
and stay thinking and let your mind
wander as you think it is so wonderful
to think good
