I'm not gonna lie I'm pretty ready to go
home good morning Billy today's an
exciting day first of all wearing some
noir black nor white to drop off some
outfits to my hotel room because I was
like I have a press conference day and
have nothing to wear this is my just
daytime outfit mostly because it is need
to be ironed in all of my stuff my
suitcases wrinkles beyond fixing I
cannot wear any of it I cannot do here
is the mission for today have a meeting
with some of the UNICEF peeps so right
now I'm going to move some people from
an NGO called nine is mine I'm gonna
take a few pictures and then I have to
do a press conference big announcing
will happen there then I got a couple
hours of Christ I also decide about 90
notebooks on my 90 and then we have
dinner and then later tonight we're
flying back to LA time all of that I'm a
Nicole strong my last days I'm not gonna
lie I'm doing a little bit homesick more
on that here's the thing right I am just
kind of over living out of a suitcase
I'm not gonna lie I love being in debt I
love the experiences of having the
people of meeting and stories I'm
learning about but foundation exploded
in my makeup bag everything's ruined my
lip scrub exploded and my other bag
everything's ruined it's just all of my
stuff is destroyed from traveling and
all of my clothes are wrinkled and dirty
I'm ready to go home and we're just we
put my bed I love Kyle Kyle loves me but
I'm right asleep alone in a bed as well
I'm ready to have my own space I'm very
ready for that because for a long time
I've been traveling and I'm kind of like
okay I need to go home to my writing
room use my own toilet and just more on
this later but for now we got to go to a
meeting meeting done I'll sound like
four pieces of buttery just plain put
onto us there's the most amount of
butter I was like a mad mad mad mad at
my bad my bad
look one with my name is Gayle of chef
my name is Pooja Mansell Sania my name
is Ahmad myself Raj I love everyone
answers in full sentences are so good it
was so fun I believe the wonderful
people that organization called mine is
mine and what they do is basically take
an opinion poll about children and if
they feel safe around the nation and
they get all these statistics and then
think about solutions on how to make
kids feel safer and what the issues are
and they do such amazing work and such a
job that came all the way from
first time our airplane right yeah yeah
how was it never get lost in the
beginning but we enjoyed me actually
good well thank you for coming to meet
me I think it a very good job keep up
the good work okay I've got the Nisha
made for me the amazing works better
than I look in real life thank you very
much these 90 books
give me those points also according to
Kyle just got a notification Americana
that our flight for tonight at home is
canceled I have received no such update
on my app but I just want to be real
clear that it will be very hard for me
to be positive if my flight gets
canceling even I am human and that will
really be the final strong allies extent
which I'm homesick like it'll be really
arms with you Oh like I'm holding back
tears I don't know what it is I just
woke up some morning feeling like it's
like a competition things like a curler
waterworks is it stupid things building
up it's like all myself is just
destroyed from traveling then I'm
talking for my cult that shadows can't
stop me my comb was covered and stuff
explode on my suitcase it's just like I
can't I can't
so I miss my friends and I miss being
around I just can't I can't I can't
we're to do great thing I have such an
exciting event I so so I'm grateful
would be so happy during such an amazing
day where I'm such an amazing that plan
but I'm human I'm telling you honestly
like I am things that require me to
travel so now one like this is great but
other small events are quite much I want
to say well know a lot more because I
need a home I need a home aha and I
think what took me about the most was
that the children are so colossal
because of you and our potential and
really an opportunity
because as an organization we felt we
haven't really been able to reach all
the young people we need to and we have
so facile to living for again to be our
food will ambassador for UNICEF Google
both was working since I was in the
tennis ball or photograph or a very like
photograph something is kind of
following as I have my not telling
you're going to break up with something
as well and who's one that remember I
hit this clock and you fell through a
glass table a rope and I perform oh no
we're supposed to Iran surprised I am a
UNICEF global goodwill ambassador which
is a big deal for me that how many there
are there in total more like 25 by 25 a
few others electing Katy Perry or
Orlando Bloom people who are like
dedicate Priyanka yet people are like
dedicated to going on the field visits
and doing what they can to spread the
message of awareness and opportunity for
Eric and I'm so honored because I am the
fur on the first digital prism the
digital space to ever be a goodwill
ambassador so not only is the first
element an honor but it's also like I
can steer the reins kind of different
than anyone else has in the past we've
been traditional celebrities that have
communicated through maybe songs or
movies or maybe visits I have the
opportunity to now be like alright I
creatively what can I do in my videos my
walls online campaigns even you know in
my comedy videos I would try to
implement message and put messages into
them so I'm just like my mind is just
waiting not only to how I can embed
messages into my videos and my social
posts but also like what other types of
content item it cuz I'm like oh I want
to make some series of like serious
videos that are like storytelling videos
they're not comedy and so just like as
an artistic person and a creative person
my mind is like I can try a new thing to
spread your message so I'm really happy
about it
yay amazing those are the kids were
doing so really good one interview down
to the point we mentioned
to that little boy freedom occupies as
you setting up for the grid point
phenomenal problems but we don't relax
across the phone
I've done Tina time custom soon I
reviewed six done
computing a lot of advantages online
rather other videos that sent me into
dude dude give it a point that concludes
my trip or the units are actually no you
have free time or go out for some goofy
in a little bit I'm gonna pack for now
this is a situation right our flight
thousand midnight tonight got delayed in
Calvin next morning 11 so clearly
delayed by like 11 hours I after all
this traveling made sure I could get
back home in time for Game of Thrones
that's my thing Sunday have a good nerve
party with my nerf guns became with
those good premiering and this delayed
slay would have got me in and I would
have missed give those I'm like
absolutely not so books new flights they
got some news that for helping us out
with new flights a college Kelly calling
Air Canada to refund that initial flag
being like a because Italy 11 hours
doesn't work for me anymore I'm standing
here it is mother combative gonna give
you a palm tree fall before Oslo hands
don't you yes when I work the rest yet
you already know I'm here I'm here
please go down thank you so much Oh
amazing
okay thank you by which is situation let
me know that was painless they're like
yo get the refund within one to two
weeks thankful okay a candidate first
time for everything goes okay honey will
want you to hear our last meal in India
but I think we'll see in the United
Center to taking us out and then we're
heading on a plane and our travel
because the change is what 24 hours
actually it's nine-hour flight or our
stopover in Japan and a ten-hour fight
so it's almost 24 hours pal because the
change
yeah and that bird disappearing because
China does the India mindful so here's
the same way even though my day is not
over I have to end this vlog now or else
is not going to come out on time because
of the traveling in the new time zone
the science and the biology and the
physics so when your face is on the
pillow when it's been three so I think
we accomplished much today we are
heading back to LA I'm really happy to
be going back home and it's going to
twenty three twenty four hour journey so
when you see me next it will be Sunday
because I'm not above tomorrow and the
world still grip speed and so we gave it
the wrong day just excited about let's
see how we did today
out on the toilet coffee memory got it
thank you for joining us on today when
you get back to trash can you're
handsome trash can cool so weird you
lose your razor also my face is so shiny
I look at you right now cough because I
can find everything I look like oh my
god
your neck okay we're delusional where I
should go now we'll see you back in LA
is excited for more things to come so
excited to do justice or my goodwill
ambassador role and think of amazing
ways that we team super can positively
impact the planet and the people that
live on it so stay tuned for that and it
does amount if you like it subscribe if
you like it that's right don't like that
yo also in case you livin under some
sort of rock and you know I really some
Game of Thrones videos link in the
description to them if you watch it
they'll essentially have five use so I
would appreciate if you did if not it's
all good not allow you to watch Game of
Thrones but you're shot it's amazing and
wonderful and a random Raven but all day
on Sunday so see you later
