all right so lilies in the top ten but
as you can see she's just hiding in a
bush harder Punk'd you do miss your part
if he has not lived here thus far on
this Sunday afternoon because I legit
just walking from a two hour nap for no
reason I was like you know what I'm
mildly tired so I must leave for a
couple hours but it's okay because I
always think about those moments where
I'm tired and I'm not able to nap so I'm
like this is for you past-self take
Scarborough to kindergarten I did that
play about in a second read a script
record an audition go through my inbox
prep for meeting tomorrow and then I'm
gonna play for at night for the first
time in my life with Taylor
here's the thing about the kindergarten
class my young boy right here he did so
good he's a little nervous he's not
scared of big dogs but this class full
of puppies and he was a little
intimidated by the puppies cuz they were
like so crazy and wild and barky I think
is he's the smallest in the class and
the whole class he's the smallest by far
so although the puppies are like going
on the stair things and doing all these
toys and he doesn't know how to go
upstairs yet right baby boy he didn't
know how to go up the stairs yet but he
did in he's so sleepy but it is such a
good thank you he did such a good job
for his first day and he's almost
mastered to sit and we oh oh thank you
oh thank you so much
oh thank you oh thank you so much so he
did a really good day for day one my
baby you show came through the smaller
stone at your side oh thank you so much
it's okay right it's okay
I love this boy so much boobie boobie
now he was just a montage of mean
Scrabble playing
Oh Oh casually scrip now and you know
how I know he's not scared of big dogs
yesterday guess who dogs at Scarborough
who rode in and her dog cookies very
much so bigger than scarf scarf wasn't
scared by shoutouts to roll for
dog-sitting Scarborough I didn't vlog
yesterday but I went to Tia's baby
shower and needed someone cuz Taylor was
my date for the night here's a flash but
by the way to use baby shower goals
check out this flashback from
yesterday's baby shower so 80s baby
shower and we are the most basic clothes
here because it's fabulous it's so nice
our eyes are super red as the light I
love it
now
okay I have to go to the script no mom
no mom no mom no mom I don't want you to
read you skipper I just want you to play
with me Mommy has to go read the script
mommy had to go read the script mommy
has to go read the script no mom no mom
okay Doug had just finished my audition
I actually didn't have the full script
so it took way less time than required
it was really really short side so all
right give me the points in now my
backpack
Oh what's getting destroyed it's so
quick mommy's giddy with the vlogging
yummy mommy you crazy you were crazy
Oh bye dude just ran into the old office
closet forgot this sweater existed in
this color better myself
you want well this one is out available
in leasing exclusive right here let me I
have but this is still the best selling
sweater and the merch shop so do you
want anything calm is where you can get
all your merch and you know you merch
coming soon
Oh shocking a printer they actually
printed I'm pretty much done prepping
for my meeting tomorrow I predict amazed
this is a really London angle which
bucket top right now almost I'm ready
for my meeting tomorrow with my new
language of not me introduce you to for
a while but I made it really big a
higher in my company the biggest I've
ever made and I'm very excited about it
cuz I'll make you some money moves in
fact humanik
okay copyright I've been saying this for
four days straight but I'm finally adult
enough to do it I'm going grocery
shopping Scarborough's first up he's
sleeping in his bag sky bro I'm licking
my paws mom's up interrupting me first
trip to the grocery store mom let's do
it
good boy I just had the most stressful
checkout ever at Ralph's and it's not
because of Scarborough actually everyone
all the employees well you said she
Trudy I thought Sam you're stressing
your Matty's in the store no one cares
I'm they're checking out right and in
the aisle next to me this dude loses his
mind and another customers are swearing
so Lonnie said dude stop touching my car
it's like I'm exported I'll throw you
through this glass but it's like making
a huge huge see what baffled me was a
few things one I had no idea what to do
I wasn't in the same wine like I wasn't
that close to her but I was like I don't
even know how to react a situation like
of course I want to help this guy bless
the guy he was swearing at cuz he kept
his chill he was like yo I see you not
in the right state of mind I see you're
making a huge like the guy clearly
wasn't oh I don't know if all there's
even the right term I think it might
have like anger management cuz he seemed
completely fine but just like losing his
mind and I was like I don't even know
how to help this person like I don't
even know how to handle situations guy
handle it great walked away but here's
the AFT up part I see the Ralphs people
yeah call for security Trudy hood gets
there does nothing nothing but not only
does she does nothing because she's a
she you're another customer go oh god
it's a lady security guard I'm like have
I been teleported back to 1962 like what
the f is happening was that you're effed
up five minutes in like you whack you
whack you accuser or hero you whack you
I was at wat da f is happening here more
the story is Scarborough was such a good
boy made not even a peep calmly sat in
his little Bank could chill little dude
and for that my friend gonna get lots of
treats no big deal about to change your
life I'm sorry I'm taking tell her to do
me some vegan junk food spot are you
skeptical at all the mediator let me
know your thoughts what do you think no
I've only ever heard good things about
it I'm just excited to try it okay so
you're not one of those like oh no other
difference but everyone else I'm
thinking there's a oh no the different
it's so good so stand by for Taylor's
life-changing reaction all right
girlfriend
what do you think this good boy right
here so for tonight is all the rage let
me preface this by saying I've been a
Nintendo girl my whole life I've never
played first time ever playing there's
not a minute we're birthday for tonight
and what give a brief synopsis of the
game it is just the Hunger Games and
minecraft put together
well they familiar with one of those
things so we're gonna figure it out
there's so many joysticks on the Jesus
Christ went to and the gamepad yeah I'll
show you don't worry Maggie Here I am
playing for tonight came in 23rd by the
way not bad for my first time and this
sweet boy for the first time ever is in
his house what a good boy oh my
sweetheart
so your strategy is hide kill no one and
let no one kill you I'm sorry where'd
you get the 26 thank you I got 23 I'm at
14 I know it's a lot okay okay the up
down looking thing that second joystick
screws me over we need to figure that it
otherwise like I feel like I can't be
good at this eventually also you look
just like your avatar yeah identical
she's playing well I thought the spirit
or the person just published stupid you
are serving your purpose sir what my
strategy was being critiqued I be a
pansy wait so this very few people ever
punch hey didn't really play by people
that those either most a hundred people
in total so I'm in the top corner
riveting gameplay going on right here
the storms moving in so let's keep
hiding the I guess all right
so Lily's in the top ten but as you can
see she's just hiding in a bush dick
let's see how FAR's gets her update lily
is still in the bush at Santa a people
she's waiting here Cobain's oh my god
someone that's at seven
I think someone's shooting a rocket
propelled grenade oh no it's a guide in
rocket so they're aiming it at the other
base this guy across from Lily has built
a tower to the heavens she's somehow
still alive yeah Danna six you won't win
because you're gonna have you're gonna
have to shoot someone to win okay
someone is right next to you big brand
right by you what you shot at the ground
okay don't move there they're building a
tower right next to you I don't really
know it yeah you can't see them if you
shoot there just give you where you're
there throw it again pull the other one
I think he's right behind you he's right
next you dude that's pretty good I had
to 600 sir I'm not very good but I'm
obsessed I'm gonna see if I can buy for
my computer couple my ps4 not the whole
thing is a whole thing tomorrow
it is Monday back to the grind for today
let's see how we did
you
