the little lily is dying okay I'm gonna
be honest with you it's midday so much
has already happened but I have not a
second to start this vlog so take a
moment
oh wait a minute let me put some info
with this chair is in my way my way you
might wonder what if you sewed it up you
got some lashes you got some less thank
you got some legs I'll crack something
here's the fish today I did a lot of
fish but the main thing for today's I
gotta write a script when I come home I
got a memorized size for an edition when
I come home oh why am i coming home from
w w Mac down why because I am
introducing gender maja first of all
give me some bonus points because I had
a meeting this morning with someone
really dope and I learned a lot of stuff
and I had a call while I was mayor it
was a bonus point I'll be honest and
number one thing that really causes me
anxiety well it's just like an
unavoidable thing is when they weigh her
makeup done I find it very hard to
multitask but I have to do my makeup
doing email so when we ask you something
something that's all just kind of be
like and usually after I need a couple
minutes at snow and fall just worth it I
need a couple minutes to just unwind so
in my room right now for five minutes
and be like quiet we're just gonna be
quiet so Smackdown obviously double
double use my fan new me ringside ticket
somebody got a shout out during smacking
one smackdowns
over just for the stadium gender has a
match and because one of the Singh
brothers is injured I'm going to come up
with that sing mother was subtle and I'm
literally going to introduce you the
mall get to walk down the rabbits mother
do you like it it might not be a big
deal for everybody why but for me
walking down the red being able to
introduce a wrestler and the best part
is gender is a
villain right now he's a heel so I
probably get me a boot if you have to
play a villain more like the person of
introducing is on villain and people
will boo me it's gonna be such a unique
experience I'm gonna walk down the ramp
like like yelling at people the audience
is coming something I can't wait to get
booed the little lily is dying right now
dying right now introducing them go back
I'm so getting my foot in the drawer but
I'm very excited
yeah
it made me dizzy
ladies and gentlemen please welcome
Sunil singh and actress and YouTube
superstar Lilly Singh ladies and
gentlemen please welcome the modern day
ha
yeah
I'm right here he left me the whole way
he liked me all him to be honest it was
mostly you do it he's very large awesome
introduction Lilly Singh's sister gave
me man I think you have a real future
thank you obviously I even surprised
also with hella cold so I'm just like
turned my blanket into a lungi dance
with me am i the girls get fun blast now
that I'm back home I need to are you
talking about what happens I don't care
that it was a five-second intro I live
my best life people booed I was so happy
- it's so fun
everyone WWE I have to say everyone at
MW is so nice and that makes me happy
for various reasons a because they're
nice but B because growing up I was
obsessed like I loved this industry
loved it so much just to grow up part of
it and be invited and be treated with
such hospitality just validates all the
things I loved about it growing up I
loved Stephanie she's literally one of
my favorite people on the planet she's
so genuine she just exudes the world
like a boss she's so calm and nice like
he just has that vibe where she's like I
am about Jin there's great Singh Bros
great I had a great time thank you WWE
this is not a hashtag and it's not
supposed to they just treat me so well
and I love them so much and have such a
great time all of little Willie's dreams
are coming true
also meaning expose meaning all the
wrestlers that I literally as I was
scanning the room there were so many
wrestlers where I'm like oh my god I
waited seven hours to meet him when I
was younger a little going over seven
hours like it's just so full circle and
beautiful and oh I had such a great day
back tried to slide but there was a
carpet there isn't a workout and then I
tried to try to play it off anyways
what's up Chris finish memorizing my
sides kinda I'm gonna take a shower and
go over them in the shower as well and
then sleeping over tomorrow morning
violent season so much fun I should
become a wrestler a WWE Superstar this
would be my intro there'd be music and
stuff with my face would be in case you
can get them to get my face would be up
my legs it's time for me to cut back
what an amazing day bring it out
life is great privilege grateful
everything god is good
thank you for watching my vlog and
taking the time order today to do so
let's see how would it all so why don't
I have a dog
you
