today is another one of those days on
like oh you're going to try to do all
those things adorable good morning the
time is I don't know my phone that's
miss already online I'm being lazy I was
lying saying my phone right here you
caught me at 11:00 I was just in another
screen hide eggs anyways it's 11:00 I
woke up an hour and a half ago there's
so many things to be done today I think
I'm too low in the frame there's so many
things to be done today because we are
dying to try that the complete mission
is you da man coming over I'm seeing so
much to dump such a lucky girl because
that portion of my video we saw been
shot you're going to shoot it now I'm a
little stressed about it I'll tell you
why Hollywood carnival I missed the
parade yesterday but today is the end
date I want to try to make an appearance
to support Marshall and chase after that
I do subsequent to the dawn video as
well we're going to write record maybe
you could do it in Trinidad but enjoy
doing here come to my laundry unpack and
then I came to the realization that I
also have a video for tomorrow in all
this prep I realized oh it's Sunday
tomorrow's Monday so after that I'm
required to net aside from all of that
it's a very busy day I'm going to try to
work efficiently because I've learned
that working hard is great but sometimes
it's not only what working hard is what
working efficiently what is crucial to
happen in my house and what could also
happen in Trinidad that's we're going to
figure out for now we're going to go
shoot some stuff with a job I have a
sporty age type of outfit than supposed
to be coming back from the gym in the
video clearly fiction oh we have noticed
music my new phone large very large
farms like I need seven hands to type on
I basically own an iPad now you can just
not going to mess with me I mean okay no
we just did something to my video I
don't know so long as like a dancing and
I'm reminded that I just should not
dance exedoc no are you think I know
Real Talk is like I haven't learned Cory
on so long don't remember Katie's at
Dancing I was so insecure he's so good
but I think I'm going to teach you a fun
girl routine so that I can like feel
better I would love to learn a bunga
bunga bronze row or icon that we say
shooting what yeah I'm leaving to so
many countries okay lucky for you I'll
be here our videos are gonna drop next
week really wait what yes that's Wiggins
but yes I know I'm just kidding yes yes
yes thank you think okay thank you so
much wonderful I'm good shoot my peoples
bye
there you have a transition oh my god
that guy so patient I feel so bad
because I got
the ones that the carnival opens I
struggle with that about that and it's
also like a sad moment for me because in
university I was like you taught me
choreo like that like cool got it but
Dan is really one of those like user
losing I think as I grow older and dance
left I think the biggest emotional
struggle I have are my oh my god this
thing I used to be so good at I can like
I can freestyle I can still dance
bungalow really well but you teach me
choreo I'll be like I know what I'm
supposed to do my body will not do that
as quick as it used to themselves if you
are good at any sport or Dan do you
think keep doing it or you will lose it
as I want to my garage into studios I
want to lose my ability to freestyle so
I was like a thing Roma go I'm an old
person but now we're like trying to
figure things out because timing with
this carnival thing is so up in the air
and like trying to fit that in amongst a
whole bunch of other things but memories
come through oh we have so many things
to say you're like let me just stand
here and do nothing this is happening
there are we so pick up a hard drive
because we store some footage ha ha and
then we're gonna do a hundred other
things then hopefully make you to
Trinidad I'm wearing a Marshall shirt
we're going to march off shirt boom on
Brad
I love driving 99% because I like to
listen to music not just having a hard
job you can transfer some pledge as I
mentioned I'm so excited going to hear
that as you know the important sure that
are like two favorite places and it
really taught me to go there and work
like I like after work I can't be
lounging I think I would one or two days
of just like but the restaurant I got to
work and that's very difficult I'm about
ready I'm just like yo but I'm alcohol
on a glass for me put me in the Sun and
pick me up in ten hours as my life so I
am crackling what I'm really really
excited
how are your days I wish I could
actually hear your verbal response on
that probably to combo what time is it
it is went riding time good mood today
she's been a good mood I know this is
the weather's really great I were to
Trinidad or Don and I kissed her video
just his right hand record mess up
Jericho setting this up for me it is 546
we're leaving at 8 I haven't are packing
yet and recorded French toast
and y'all know Lana DS packet so I'm
packing for three countries I knew that
you know with our country it true then
every angler Toronto strana winsome
Ralph as far right she's been ridiculous
I should call the whole rent and halfway
through actually major on my face on my
chin and you redo it right now I have no
time for this oh my god record-breaking
time there's an ant on my camera what
what the hell is happening what the hell
they're all Gator and on camera
record-breaking Jam
fast so much stuff for three countries
not really sure what does also come to
train that by the way then not going to
Brazil we'd look at us look at our world
trailers you got them but now we going
to eat when you know you're about to
leave for a month and eat trash for your
like let me just get this Maxim yours in
right now friend to make yourself for a
meal oh you're welcome it's gonna be
great I'm gonna try to sit I think I
smells really good
okay the fridge has been cleared
positions of the wash I literally just
kissed my bed like I looked up I ruined
over I'm excited to the trouble but I
was like really wish I could just stay
in one bedroom for a little kind of
feeling travels out with all the
traveling has been going on it along as
interval I've been home is ten days the
past like hit five months or something
and so my dad knows I'll come back I
think after this round of travel I
always is but my calm down travel a
little bit I need to sort a shout here
but I'm sweating
Jerris I'm positive note because I
always have so many people working out
of my house there's always somebody here
and so the carbon is still get taken out
and my house will get destroyed because
we still rational fears like I'm gonna
leave what if an alligator comes into my
house and then destroys everything
that's the good news is that I still
always forget things at home and I'm
like yo can you get this energy with me
some more often an audit can you send me
this file because I don't understand
what the cloud is
I already when you an antisocial F and
you on your phone ignoring every single
time very ready I'm very excited calling
for something to that excited yes when I
go bust all the wines on everyone hide
your daughter's hide your wife hide your
son's hide your brother's hot everybody
to ten tenten tenten tenten tenten tick
tick copy now security right behind me
imma fight with drain
me as the money in the bank starting
with the bank prospect bombing in the
great can detect in the clear black
clarify I just want to security into
this the panel is carries like
signifying it's 8 a.m. right now be
birthday but a pencil down birthday
every birthday here well it would it
would it would it would it would it be
other says it we're almost there
Trinidad
jeong-seon was like champion champion
all right I'm going to end the vlog
because my days have merged and now I've
missed to vlog grades because of
traveling and shoes and stuff imma ended
so excited
leavin Trinidad Tobago my shows on the
30th I am so excited with some videos
here as well no toilet let's see how we
did say
caramel saga and country share that
makes up bridge so that Hiram's that
stick you along on the journey and how
you were all on traveling in all places
tell them but good book if you liked it
subscribe if you liked it subscribe and
still that guy softball turn that that
anchor vehicle my urges pops oh my god
my ear just pop your lolly pop in the
subscribe button and that last log in
that last video right there gotta be
right
