Love Wins today yesterday everyday good
morning I'm back in LA back of my house
feeling rejuvenated all about 10 a.m.
which is like the crack of dawn is that
how that phrase is used crack really
early for me and I'm feeling very just
good and refreshed and ready to work
very very hard we have a lot of things
to do today
and you got a lot of things to do today
because today is important without make
today count here as a mission for today
you keep a healthy breakfast set up my
new life that I just bought I'm so
excited to show you I got to finish my
ask Superman live notes like my press
notes and also set up actual sex I got a
shoot out the room live with uses
finished writing my script for my class
today
shoot the club today finish writing a
script for a shoot I have coming up in
age order props for Zack Mulva healthy
meals lots of water
good attitude positive energy is going
to be a mother effin ball link to
register to turn turn turn boy oh my god
my leg matching wall
give me them please look over here I'm
watching this is the best day ever first
dog never entered my house by the way
not fair and who else is here
second often that's not true whatever
came before muffin things in the first
dog so they'll use of this year to ask
to go in life and I don't think you have
any idea what's gonna happen
am I gonna regret coming am i a mean
person no that's why would you ask me
that question like is there anything you
don't even still even those cuts abuse I
still was like here I don't want nothin
to be scared you want that I was like
nothing of it because I attached the
terminals like is there anything you
don't want me to ask even those
customers I would never want to make
them feel uncomfortable it's the reason
I said that there wasn't anything
because I knew there isn't gonna be
anything that's been like wow did you
just say that I don't know you didn't
say anything of the tags Oh we'll see
all right so I'm really excited for
athletes when we live Yusef downstairs
again so early because the only time you
had a ride going yeah I told my health
alliance but I'm rapping and one breast
wall they forget my talk show host on
and essentially he's on this journey
where he says yes to everything and he's
not holding on to possessions and
superficial things and he's trying to
just like be surrounded by love and very
cool journey but I've known you for so
long and our friendship has had a lot of
bumps I would say and this is just me
being a heel I want to learn the real
you but I will no be a don't tell me no
completely correct answers I sorta know
me you and so a series of questions
really honest like super honest or
relationships will clickbait about like
why you said and done certain things and
my goal here is not to make him feel
uncomfortable I'm not trying to put him
on the spot to such a degree where he
feels like disrespected no I texted him
before happening like is there anything
you know want me to have also feel free
to not answer a question but I feel like
if he wants to be honest I'm the perfect
person to talk to
no Beauty God this is more so just about
me understanding his growth and trying
to poke holes in it because I feel like
as his friend I want to help them
discover the third layer of his charity
sue and I found dirty what is not
I just keep praying to me made me feel
comfortable this is my very doing to him
but not a prank it's just been good yeah
you want to prank people you want to do
things my turn to ask you some goddamn
section at the end of it I don't support
the guy you know like he's still my
friend and I still care about him and
he's a nice guy and I'm gonna pay him
for every question I ask him to that he
can you know use that money on his
journeys of gonna happened be
enlightening and cringe so we just wrap
it up I gotta props to use it because I
literally went at it and he was such a
good sport but one part of the
livestream was us winning fanfictions
because I want to reenact that right now
and you should know like us really when
do we tell like that
what are you the trauma
first introduction of them to shame say
I would read that of course do it okay
so your new grandma I'm going to read my
fan fiction to use to be concerned with
you guys do what I do like you're an
optical drive so just imagine it as
you're listening it's fine just as I was
about to pay attention to the movie I
felt Lisa swarm giant hand fly under my
right hand which is resting on his abs
he crest the back of my hand to some I
didn't bother to take my hand away I
couldn't help myself from slowly lifting
my head up to look at useless chocolatey
eyes baby black dark chocolate but
that's when I realized my eyes today on
his lips for a while now his eyes
travelled down my lips that also made me
realize that I had the side of my bottom
lip in between my teeth slightly biting
it
he test his tongue to the seam of my
lips I slightly parted my lips to give
him the axis we didn't care of our
surroundings as our tongue tense and
twirled together we were both on cloud
mother-effing 9 you biting your finger
yeah I was about to good one feeling his
warm breath on my neck I couldn't help a
little a slight wrong Wow and how old
that person who wrote that was because
that's going to judge my comfort what
this David Hartman actors are like oh my
god instead of thing like her can I
change like her to your and the pose we
need to you sure just leave it I had my
arms around your waist as our hips moved
in unison your back could leaned against
my chest as we both got lost to the beat
of the music
some Beyonce's father followed and the
previous song you and I instantly
started running being carelessly to the
cadence of the music my lust for you
became stronger as I tried to keep my
composure in like two minutes and you
already had me turned on just saw your
stance and the way you were dancing
against my crotch I knew you were
finally letting go and finally letting
yourself enjoy a little
was so kept being happy about it have
creative minds i must say i rebel
anything to pick the right one i was we
doing love it
someone just work yeah yo i'm on our
head go online sedan refund some of that
more i'm concerned
like right now i was real like what do
you find me I don't know what I think
what were they I'll have links yeah
and I said my whole team you know wow
yeah you you're dirty and nasty and yet
today is making me sweat there's so much
to do just finished writing my script
for my collab it is a Dietrich it is a
part two to a video we've done in the
past
we're shooting eighty percent of it
today because there's one segment that
I'm not prepped for up and takes so much
prep so CY we're gonna pick it up maybe
tomorrow the day after but now I gotta
do some eyeliner it's been 84 years
since I've loved so much as happened
half a videos been recorded this guy's
here I'm here
easier at the fact and we've done some
funny and mildly inappropriate things
you know right now we're sending really
close I don't know why we're he's doing
like I don't know we do some stuff we
feel bad just taking way longer where
I'm doing my video those who are good I
know but it's even way longer than I
thought it was very bad because he's
being so patient no we gonna go home and
Gilders mother effort well yeah behind
your back yes yes I'm saying break it to
the car and then thank you for these
doing behind my back oh yeah of course
thanks I appreciate that courtesy I do a
lot of that yes you're so we should just
thing there's not new life and I just
playing around with that mom and
everything's gonna take 84 years longer
to realize the room because dark you
should have never bought these lights
ten years later I'm sorry no it's only
been like nine Dom messing everything up
I'm sorry I just I stutter and he wants
to read you take pretty ones keep
touching you insecure that's part of
them when I talk to you how do you have
a girl if you want to like take a bite
size it should come from behind and
that's not what I did I added stuff that
is I like to be cut it is scary I want
to be creative and original Jinyan time
I'll do your way sorry you for it
I wish home and my brain is fried right
now I feel so drained with the acid burn
live and the writing script in the
collab extends so God have drain I'm
really happy with the hospital I've won
so hope you didn't think I was too hard
on you sis I was not my intention and I
had talked with him before the
livestream as well I really wanted to
play devil's advocate and be like yo
matter what you say I try to make you
dig deeper and I want you to do the same
to me because I think that's a friend
just about growing and being real with
each other I great time with DOM is so
patient as well and now I'm just kind of
feeling like doing some me stuff so I'm
gonna wash the dishes
that's my relaxing thing a bookcase a
private might assemble that happy was
making all the stuff reprove a speech I
so I'll do a bunch of things like use a
little bit of time to just be like turn
off my brain and do some mindless tasks
like wash them dishes I'm not gonna lie
I had a moment where Elmo shut down just
now and I was like fine down like tears
of exhaustion overwhelmingness and I was
just like them so many things today I
can't fathom doing any more thing to my
inbox and things are due so I'm going to
do a I'm just a hostile because I knew
these couple days would be and 10 before
I go to try that and I made happens not
complaining speaking of not complaining
or complaining what it's hilarious 101
things that piss me off Rachel sent me
this book her new book and she's like
yellow on a plane anyone I last read my
book I'm like I definitely will because
this is like the perfect read I feel for
when I'm just like I'm over everything
I'm her everything so thank you Rachel
for sending me that I'm gonna get to
work I made some food how to talk to
myself I'm like yo stop being so hard on
yourself take a deep breath and get it
done here we go let's get to work I
finished the two things that were due
now I need to just send some props to my
team and kind of script something for a
shoot I have that's why with the day
after also got a new phone cutting that
phone someone hooked it up in Toronto
it's got an Apple watch some very happy
about I'm going to sit at this desk
oh my doing tomorrow we'll see I'm so
tired nope nope no you no need to get
better at remembering I have a TV here
wash it once
I always forget I always forget it's
there I'm just like I'd love to watch TV
from my bed well I'm sleeping before I
go to sleep why don't I do that anyways
I think we mother resting kills it today
I think
next level today today was inhumane not
inhuman and house in hue I was not human
that's so much stuff I got done today
but I'm still gonna do some stuff before
I sleep as well let's see how we must
offended
okay thank you for joining me like today
tomorrow and the day after the day after
all the intense days of all and totally
for Trinidad video you're by my side I'm
by your side we're going to kill it when
you productive because you know why
whether you're lying down whether you're
resting when you're being lazy whether
you're doing work the time is still
passing what are you going to do with
your time I personally like to do
productive things that are going to
bring me closer to my goals and allow me
to live the life I love and that's what
I choose to do and let's do it together
until tomorrow if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe so would you
miss the live stream with usage you can
watch it on my main channel the link is
in the description it was intense and
awesome and wonderful and I had so much
fun and I can't wait for you to see this
clapper d-trix that will come out in a
little bit on that last vlog last video
click all the things stay a while stay
in a while
