I popped a pimple pop the pimple good
morning to run up off the table but it
was so necessary was like this big
literally this big outside my face yo
today you know today is usually what
today today is a day I didn't shave my
armpits and I don't care
also today is a day where I'm having a
mental health break kind of sorta let me
explain I have been working so hard the
past few days and I feel myself getting
burned out where I'm just like I can't I
can't do it I feel myself not enjoying
this as much and when I start to not
enjoy things as much that is my red flag
to be like stop pause do something
Leisure's I'm headed to the cottage with
my thumb here the mission actually we
have a call this morning get it I know
mental health a topical I want to go to
the clashes my family the great news is
there's no wife either so I only have a
little bit of cell phone reception so I
can't really stay connected when I
disconnect when I'm there I am going to
draft some emails but not like emails or
I'm on people's beck and call more like
creative emails I want to send and
content ideas and things I actually
enjoy not that I go enjoy everything
else well things that make me so excited
everywhere the mission is still there
and I was talking after I come back
after somehow figure out me trying on my
blouse for tomorrow to see the birds
attacking all that I'm just gonna make
the mission very very short because
today's mission is grant will help more
than anything else that's kind of the
cottage I talk so much in this first
clip it's already a minute god damn it
alright the car is loaded up here's the
thing about the cottage there's so many
bugs by the water so I'm in the car
right now my mission is to get there to
that door but from here to that door
there's so many bugs everywhere my dad
is like using the broom to get them away
from the doors because we don't come
here that often so bugs and webs and
stuff get all over the doors Oh need to
get there need to get there come on
and it is not my phone while running
this is our college welcome you've been
here before you're part of La Femme the
water is right outside I want to like
roll my boat in the water but it's the
waves are pretty God that big time you
look you see this you do this you see
this is what this is what happens oh god
no no no look at the little web use
anyway that's water
I might go a little bit at the calm down
we'll see eh this is so fitting because
I just made a caption saying I love John
I love Josh and I my name is Josh yeah
my favorite yeah this might not be the
safest to go rowing it a little
aggressive kind of like me a Tripoli I'm
really bummed about that I really wants
going well the water streaming whatever
I'm right there
something was not in my control the
focus almost seemed like this is so
windy and cold direct so again tool of
the tractor he's like obsessive your
best life he's nobody one
I want a track CD what do you want this
is gonna happen for hours on end
wait what is it again
plant wait what is it oh the face of
pure joy yeah let's go for the second
simple thing Wow
again again okay yes get it boy funky
beat okay that too
yeah yeah this is a trap okay right from
a distance even
I've never flown a kite before but I'm
doing it now there goes come on Dwight
come on try get in here get in here oh
no you got a run with him and I just won
blood guy catch the wind and let it go
play a run as if you're allergic to
movement
the struggle is quite real you're just
getting tangled it alright that's it
she's working with one alright alright
here we go
alright we have flight and she has
failed at this why not subscribe who
doesn't want to see more of this there
we go there you go oh she's on a kite oh
well people love ya boy
everyone know what if when BB uncle
party looks like it right here it is
prime go ahead play quick step on the
middle here that's funny honestly
hopeful for your bronies Papa
Christmas mom bought three years okay
you just showed a great this is what
happens but nothing to plague the neck
damn boy you better learn you better
learn kind of tight men turn up turn up
turn up
Oh turn out this is my head she's dope
turn up turn up turn up turn up
verticality so all I don't refuse know
what's up click on parents and this one
too then with your shirt your shirt yeah
boy hot hot you boy everyone this is my
nephew his name is pupas are ya your
name's not super sore yeah I thought it
what was her name
what's your name okay yeah a beautiful
resource right yeah good beer what then
yeah Miska Bo what are you eating poop
oh sorry
you'd be chippies which one is your
favorite one
oh then all of them that's a spirit as
my kind of boy awesome what else do you
like to eat what else do you like to do
besides chipping 15 cookie that's a
really good diet I like that what games
you like to play lay out a video game I
am you up okay okay
be so woke that you only anything
superficial to be happy you just look at
the sunset and be like this is why I'm
lucky this is why I'm blessed even if a
camera does know how to focus is a
unique scenario when a Sun is still
setting behind me as you can see right
there right the moon has come on to the
full moon on this side look you see it
yes yeah yes yeah yes yeah yes yes yeah
it's a full moon ha sunset and full moon
exhibit a sunset Exhibit B
full moon mind-blown not on the note of
superficial things to think I use the
term incorrectly I don't think I don't
think all things that are materials good
should be written off as superficial I
think if you work hard you should feel
very comfortable buying things that make
you happy and be like you I worked hard
and I'm going to enjoy this car this
house first whatever it is that you like
but I think the trick isn't still
appreciating the things around us little
things around us well it's the nature
the sunset the full moon family friends
all those things as long as our source
of happiness doesn't come from those
material goods it's more than fine for
those things to contribute to our lives
and actually even a little bit to our
happiness as long as not solely the
foundation of our happiness I think
that's what is the point I was making
that we've been raised in such a way
where I think we feel guilty sometimes
for buying thing and I don't if we need
to
I find myself journey to Orlick no but I
don't need my Karl I know you work hard
you should get things that make you
happy but to true happiness if those
things will never make you entirely
happy I promise you true happiness all
little things around us every single bit
think about I haven't doing work for the
past couple hours but now I have to
interrupt this message for don't didn't
didn't didn't didn't didn't didn't
didn't let you know that Game of Thrones
Week starts on Monday on my channel
which means all of my uploads for one
week for the next week will be Game of
Thrones theme and you might even get
credit really big for me you might even
get more uploads than usual as well the
entire channel is the Game of Thrones
theme so let all of your Game of Thrones
friends know once again this is not a
brand deal I'm not getting paid I am
just this much of a geek that's excited
the show's premiering on Sunday 216 so
my job this is why I want to
creator got to create things that excite
me that I'm passionate about not all the
watch Game of Thrones they might not get
as many views as well otherwise I don't
I'm so excited about the one in care so
let our game of drone friends fans know
and let them understand to my channel
because you know I want to be nerds with
every single other nerd that is out
there I want to be a union of nerds
this is excited about this because I am
pumped it's my third time having dropped
today nor was I think that a very
productive day views of leisure and also
got a lot of work done let go relax I
feel great I'm ready to wake up tomorrow
and go to the wedding and then after
that go to India tie ball on my trip to
India I'm going with an organization
that will disclose and doing some great
work there you know I believe in women's
education and we'll be visiting some
very cool places I've never been to
before so just learn more about issues
people are facing there and what can be
done to help them and you know I'm all
about just positively making an impact
in the world and so I will be going to a
very brand-new place when you've ever
been to the force and I'm excited to
tell you more about it I'm excited take
you along with me on this journey more
information to come but pronounce let's
see how we did today
toilet sucks well thank you for joining
me today
tomorrow is essentially my last day in
Toronto before I head to India and then
head back to LA after India so I don't
know when I'm coming back next actually
I kind of do kind of not really I think
it's gonna be like a month or two from
now and a great time you're chilling
with everyone it's not over yet I saw
tomorrow with mother's affection and I'm
wearing a free outfit from Simon
fashions I can't wait for you see it I
hope you like it I tell them if you like
it subscribe if you like it that's good
and you like tank tops check these 20
seconds not to tell you to do anything
don't click anything I don't want to
read rectum I drank when I say yo
positivity prevails I encourage you all
to be positive I encourage you to
empower people I encourage you to be the
best version of yourself and I encourage
you to create the day you want to live
you can do it by
