is so hot I am melting good morning - oh
no what is going on I woke up a little
while ago I've got a bunch of things up
to two in a second before the guys say
it is so hot are you for me to say it's
hot and most people really hot it's like
a different kind of hot it's like humid
and my room is like dusty because I'm
not here very often so I think that's
what's contouring to my sickness it's
like a stuffy environment that's very
hot and I don't like a/c so I don't know
how to deal because a fan is just
blowing just that anyways here's the
mission for today's you gotta go to the
Indian Embassy and get my visa did that
I'll tell you about it that I had to go
do my hair and makeup pretty far it's
minus 55 0 minute drive but I'm gonna go
then I gotta come back home
get ready then I gotta head to my
friend's wedding ceremony I'm a
bridesmaid when I come home I want you
to take it relatively easy and try to
get better although I'd replica me well
aside from all of that it is one of my
oldest closest friends weddings and
although I am NOT incomprehension of
weddings other people are and I very
happy for it I wanted to do present and
enjoy it so aside from all that let's
talk about my Indian visa thing hold up
I'm so sad for a while so this will
happen as you know I'll treated last
time when to the Indian concepts because
that's such a bad time and they gave me
a three-month visa was one entry even
though they said they're gonna give me a
year it was a whole thing cuz I'm gonna
maybe slide back here and $241 every
time you wanna be's also so I was so
annoyed this time I went and I had an
appointment was like the head I don't
know if I got the title rep of the
Indian Affairs head there and walked in
and I gotta say my visa experience was
very pleasant this time I said fortunate
I had to tweet and cause a seed to make
it that way but I will say the best
thing you can do in life is have open
conversations where you learn things
that went in who's right away like in
your paperwork sorry about last time
this is you know the policy was changing
and yada yada and I was like here's all
the paperwork at level 1 your visa with
multiple entries like here's all the
offers I get for India and have a keep
coming back here it's really just not
reasonable or realistic me to keep doing
this I don't live here and you know what
he explained to me a lot of things that
are out of his control he was very
it was like you know I get these are
some difficulties because I have to kind
of navigate between India and having an
Indian this happened here all of these
issues on wood are not in my control and
so at a very very experienced that gives
me in ten minutes I got my visa for one
year I was very happy about it but the
thing I learned more because the nordica
extract lessons was sometimes when
you're annoyed and you're upset like I
was right I walked in there very annoyed
I'm set again because I was like oh I
hate this process and he sat down he had
a very open conversations me about all
the things that I know nothing about I
don't have a job I don't work at the big
console in explained like why the things
I'm complaining about are like that and
why they can't be fixed I was sitting
there and this thing I was like you know
what this is a great healthy
conversation because when you're upset
and annoyed and then someone shows you a
different point of view you grow and
sometimes I've been tweeted saying
there's such great power and recognizing
sometimes things are beyond your
expertise and beyond your knowledge and
that you're wrong that power is just the
tackle is being right and so I had a
great time going to learn new things and
oh and why the process is the way it is
and loves are sure I got my visa but I
suppose it was a very pleasant
experience and like we should not always
go with a mentality of I'm so annoyed
and this is wrong sometimes you need to
see another point of view and you should
sure are some people that show you
another point of view because there's a
lot of value in growing and sometimes
growing inspires you to be wrong about
things so okay I feel like in a rational
proud mom right now even though make no
sense I have led Studios or actual
students the first time ever
and it so does oh the why do you guys
look through my crap shows all those are
nice oh this is so nice they're gonna
isn't oak so which is a real place that
is a real place that exists in the
craters for other areas Wow flowers in
my hair because my friend is camel and
that's what they do it was always my age
of all the experts to do it I love the
studio so much joke you guys did come to
studio fit regard makeup done what's the
answer to one sec Oh glass dries in
Costa becomes tell them that Lily told
me you guys are awesome and that's why I
came here and then every person comes in
and says that Unicorn will go to school
because they did such a good job and the
studio is very nice and it's beautiful
and you should come is superwoman
certified in approval come on and I
don't look like this regularly if you
could come up over here and get your
confidence boost not that you need
makeup but if you do need makeup nothing
wrong with them good you up come on the
pressure is real right now because this
real so far but I wanted to come because
they always come to my house they had
clients day so I was like I'll come to
you it's 55 0 minutes away from my house
how to change and then 25 minutes my
friends are wearing right now a woman I
need to get are so far more than our
part and I have no time so let's go
Frank just got home he's changed ok
that's just getting for Live Indie ok
it's not red hopefully she has an extra
one but suppose I think we're good we're
good energy but we don't always need to
race the clock except for right now I do
but also enjoy our political made it
cheering the game and how much room vlog
from this point on because not my day it
is her day but friggin mate let's go
when your date dress is up for you are
you wearing of course stuff come on is
this not the most adorable thing you've
ever seen any not really oh thank you
thank you
see
oh this is my baby Madhuri how do you
feel she's like Dubois Gruber don't ask
me questions I feel what day is it -
would be good today yeah I look
beautiful thank you so much okay
hi Mombasa three hello you can see my
mom looking like Miss Mombasa - very
good I'm gonna make her feel real
awkward right now yes Oh working auntie
yeah yeah my beauty queen yes all yeah
yeah so we're here - yo subby ogress but
when all the food is vegetarian come for
me
and just like that they married my baby
girls memories I had home now because
there's 100 bobby pins in my hair I need
to take them on this Eurostat in my
night so let's go home let's do this
sweet Roley
and I think all of my hair but that much
sure because I'm going to find another
one tomorrow another one day after and
there's been in mind one or two another
hit and I'll find within 48 hours me
always running out of makeup wipes but
I'm going to wash my face some blend was
like wash your face before you go to
sleep because the last two days went to
bed without doing and I'm like I'm sorry
I thought it back to hurting of course
nighttime I wanted some meds and had to
bed my hair looks like a zoo right now
but tomorrow I am thinking about nothing
but I'm going to do for sure having a
family get-together what's happening at
my cottage and I want to have a mental I
would like to have a mental health day
where I want to roll an inflatable boat
in water slide show a little bit not
gonna do too much work tomorrow I'm
committing to not doing too much work
because I'm feeling kind of burnt out
and I've been having some early morning
there's so many things with tomorrow I'm
scared something that I do but I'm going
to try to just have a little bit of a
leisure day eyelashes you sit here first
like one of my oldest friends not
married today as I was watching the
wedding I was like yo I'll have some
deep thoughts all the time flies like I
went to elementary school - the boat was
great for like better getting married
I'm just like time flies everything
changes and as humans we need to embrace
that so much time something's changed
and everyone's growing up I get stressed
and I know we should embrace it
time flies everything changes live your
life because they're all heartbeat
everything's going to change so you
might as well live rejoice right now
that is what I gathered from today's
experiences but let's see how we did
today
so alert thank you so much for joining
me on today a beautiful wonderful day
and I'm glad I got to take you on the
day the lanterns are just awesome
freakin coolest thing ever and know
we've had some Tamil swags today when I
come a lot of gum initiatives lipstick
all over my chin I'm gonna have to bet I
will join you tomorrow hopefully we'll
be in a boat and love the water and not
be doing a lot of work and tell them if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe and I know I didn't tell you a
lot about my India trip but I promise I
will it is not an event is not a show
I'm not performing I'm not doing
anything related to that I'm going for
some really great causes and so I'm
going to tell you a lot more about that
tomorrow
I promise but until then I hope you have
a joyous night evening afternoon morning
wherever you are
bye
