good morning Toronto hello hello hello
I walk about 11:00 a.m. naturally no
alarm clock I know it's not that early
but that's really good considering
yesterday I was in Prague Czech Republic
and today I'm in Canada Toronto and so
my jet lag is not all over the place I
actually feel friggin fantastic and
great my nephews are on their way over
to my house which makes me so happy
because I haven't seen them in 84 years
before we get into all that let's talk
about the beautiful day we're going to
have today here is the mission you are
that's entering a script this morning
after that I have a call with the
director of my HBO movie Fahrenheit 451
and after that I have my styling
appointment with Sandy because I am
going to go into the MMVAs after that
I'm going to chase as Anna know SHINee's
dance show through broken dancer preamps
amazing show I'm going to go show our
support and added to my email and I
gotta do some script writing today aside
from all of that I wonder how kind
that's you so tight and tell stuff
always out of their ears because I'm not
even so tight and they're overwhelmed
with my love and warmth up until they
start speeding in which case I might
walk with
ticket very much black dress
if you're not you can read girls room
okay mom's like nothing that's been done
over here okay salvation this is the
forbidden room what happened no one's
allowed to go I've never not hold
anything about no not reading it nothing
to thank you
no no no forbidden room for pinochle go
live forbidden room how many strategies
they have you guys did it you have to
buy me a new David not where's the
scratch I see not a single scratch
not even a single scratch Oh finger
spinner hospice re-focus all right
what's your favorite TV show transformer
you deserve a transformer I'm going
Optimus Prime
okay and how many citizen Rosina please
three colors of it one is you and one is
Oh
oh but I know this is your phone um
right a baby red one you have four
there's one for you to give them Sabir
no I have one last question I heard that
your name is not Jorah I heard your name
is poop authority no Cooper Soros I
heard your name is Cooper Doris I heard
oh wait your name was supersaurus yeah I
went poop with ours I heard no poop
adores them beat that whoo whooping
there
no I pasar cold you doing my secret I'm
poposaurus you called you a poposaurus
team supers a poopa stars yeah
he called you a poposaurus what is this
thing called cooler no it's not liar
what they call they just been
nothingness in a bringers winner ya know
that in a game that's a nickname fidget
spinner yes okay can you see show me how
you do from this
what's the favorite color
oh yeah what's your favorite color
breed and what's your actual favorite
Bowl or not interested mom's trying to
control your fav decisions finish
reading my script Jimmy told coin for my
call double to another time so I flew
that's now a mean lasagna welcome here
is merely ordering a pizza and also
minor detail the weather that is so bad
or lights to flicker and there's a
tornado warning so really comes home for
one day tornado warnings oh I'm going to
order pizza man you're not worried
anything you're making me order in green
pepper onion dynamite on hot pepper any
decision in this unholy Institute or do
like the window second season helping
for 84 years at ab c-- peppers onions no
tomato onion you can do mean pepper
mushroom green pepper onions a little
bit you know onion we're going to try an
outfit for the MMB a he's gonna be boys
first you got appears from your first
section we may give her one honey and
I'm not
my god oh my god mushrooms you pepper
onion avocado tomato no smell what's
their addictive red peppers of your
members don't have to use the I know
tomatoes how is it I know he's in pizza
onion pepper I wanna give you the finger
mushroom green pepper onions and
tomatoes yeah I should really be no 12
it's one for carpet one for stage good
beer I gain style too good you can see
hello
we're doing our vlog ception blonde
section loss session hey I thought it's
the best thing just happen to the best
for my job my mom is like fixing my
dress right and she's like I wish I
could look slimmer deism ago really how
can you get a possible meeting shirt
when I went to take her tomorrow with
everything she's so excited and I know
what I would have asked you at the
get-go
guess who's going to end on the MMVAs
okay good what are you wearing itself
okay I'm getting just tomorrow morning
before they go no you're not yelling
down the street to my dad let you go to
remember it's a war my heart so much
that's true richness come on baby I
really want to go no really and like one
second of the car it's gonna sauce punch
six really look on course and I said no
idea you'd want to go she's so excited I
don't hate you shelling right up today
oh good alright so we're heading to
smoking dances dance show and we're
packing on myself as I don't know if I'm
staying another night here at home
Sandy's leaving Aussies mom yes
humble I'm not see you tomorrow I know
I'm seeing next like a long time no
you're doing a long time you will see me
you'll see assume was feeling two weeks
from now
oh my god so much has changed the to
become both back is broken now he's like
a emergency hospital case now
so much a change all important he's
falling for you my god what happens when
you leave Gladys rolling what happens
when you in OG and you need to make sure
your shoes are on point
way to go dad ready to go mom ready to
go ready to go ready to go dad you up oh
that's a mighty fine lipstick you're
wearing there mom what is it boss
bout a moment it's not boss but you know
something actually the snow buzz it's
okay I aborted oh good I think is not
boss I'm pretty much boss means nothing
till now in this way there's no ball
you're our last have other lipsticks at
5:00 Oh soon as we're done description
Abita crap on me either
alright so intermission I can't block
any of the show and so intense and so
deep and so meaningful and I'm a Jen
oh good I'm not letting any of it so
it's basically unties unspoken as well
as unspoken issues that are create deals
with the legs ability and prosecution
actual abuses well I'm not lying
from that proprietary you want to kick
it and honestly I feel like crying not
just because the subject materials have
your present moment I thought no Chanel
but anything lighter yet it's our first
time would you want a house like my
friend is okay you guys
we're doing two of my favorite thing
you know performing that's how you know
that here's a state of the wheel thing
make you wearing a football not that
many but you dress up game hazel she's
coming the summer and I like gone
because I'm will be shoot here and she's
not sure where you're going tell them
we're gone I'm gonna show my
accomplishments for dads because it's a
cool as my girlfriend my girlfriend we
fly the wind I'm dinner so good
and Kyle was like an ocean these facials
and I'm like oh you must be branding
your users must be your first rodeo
right here because it's go right here
and your entry to come to LA yes also
humbly composting heavy ignored by me
because I don't you know this except for
that's my hotel how cute is this for
again adorable P dot represent okay I
know I keep saying this but that show
was so good and so important and discuss
so many issues I'm so proud of my
friends I was a curing up in the middle
and I was like this is so necessary and
I was just like going through some ideas
in a mind of how I could possibly help
spread this message but I was like oh my
god I'm so goddamn proud of them and we
do need to discuss all those issues
whether it's teen pregnancy or whether
it's depression or mental illness or
abuse whatever it is and I might I take
so much guts encourage I'm so proud of
them so again amazing is the moral of
the story I'm going to aback a little
bit wash my face and then go to bed it
is midnight and I'm so so so tired so
that is the blend I've got a thickness
on my face my skin is so bad ice pumpkin
boy and I squeezed all these pimples up
so I look like that I was removing
blackheads don't judge me I don't care
we're friends how it is so bad right now
I don't know what it is the thing is the
traveling I'm actually bringing so much
water and treating my skin so well I
don't know why is happening but
regardless of all that let's see how we
did today
you
let's talk with SHINee many thanks for
joining me on today I felt so good
seeing my friends it was over juvenile
and I'm so happy I'm going to go to bed
now I don't wake early tomorrow really
busy day it is the MMVAs and I'm really
excited about it's gonna be sick I got
two looks one for the carpet and one for
onstage I have something kind of keep
special plans with car videos at the way
egg see in jail van cuckoo if you liked
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
also public service announcement if I
know everyone needs to know a lot my
period today first I was like oh but
then I was like mmm
because now I'm in Trinidad I won't have
my period now the walk swimming in the
ocean tendency budget me so excited my
line of the bumper it now I know the
boba but it hurts right now
