you know be really good is if you
weren't in the photo then you leave
accident and we've actually had to pop
Alcon on web now girls oh no let them
show them the art just a paper cut
oh that's modern and I drop my
thermometer good night Lily good night
darling come on why are you might be
vested whatever darling means innit
darling darling okay let's write again
maybe I wrote this grandpa my darling I
can't say darling howdy partner know
what a next to me no I was in character
okay pull my hair 200 or 300 dietrich en
you I can't even spell sweetheart
you can't even over go yeah we mean I
hop skipping example of Monday oh right
your bracelet Jim around really is your
head okay does the audio Mike's good at
this point I'm I just really wish it
wasn't as hot as it's on I think has
ever been in a steam room it's actually
it feels like it would be heaven right
now you guys know it rhymes with lacy AC
you guys know poor rhymes with hair
conditioning air conditioning which is
what we kind of need is out right now
maybe it's because she was born in a
place
where is lots of heat and lots of sand
it perfectly curly you know doesn't
everybody is right and I think it's just
important that we take a pause go back
you see this is your hair away
