and who's back back back Lily back back
back with of nagas yo good morning we're
back in the YouTube space here updates
one I am sick there are so many boogers
in my nose
the throat hurts I am tired so tired
thing as usual we are here my mom
brought an entire picnic to the YouTube
space for us to eat and the mission is
we got it do my hair makeup makeup done
waiting for my wig cap to do my hair
we gotta shoot this song gonna take a
couple hours we were to try Stephen
going to college and don't that's going
to happen because we're delayed outside
you watch and then tonight I got to go
to my friend's mehndi party for her
wedding which is had more but as well
flag mall that try to feel better
there's no additional missions I'm gonna
try to feel better that's it here's the
dilemma today I'm going to be Cersei
Game of Thrones and we forgot her shirt
costume in LA so now my teams on a
mission to go find something that could
kind of look like anyone's a Game of
Thrones the videos not all costumes are
bang on it's really hard to find some of
costumes exact and they're really really
expensive if you want to buy them an
exact them like part of investors
ordered them but I don't even think you
can find this particular costume trying
to get you'll get the point you know
you'll get the point so that'sthat's
what's poppin I demand a kiss very well
how well wrap today to what we're due to
go towards me we're really much more
efficient yesterday
everyone children also in the YouTube
space pieces I don't remember what my
Instagram caption my shirt said this the
other day and I think they did it in
this place we put it UNICOR this Toronto
hometown lovin right here however today
mom greatly bored no promise yeah mom is
the best craft services person she sees
everyone on set I was well fed taking
care about you need to go be on my team
mum I am I'm home I'm heading to my
friend's house sleeping in the car and
so tired but I did will do forever
that's why I'm in Toronto so when two
men Depot demands ease I hand out which
put on your hand I'm one of a
bridesmaids so you go there and
basically get your pen I got married
under and there should be too late or
too long but like a little of course
let's make another song ah
just committing to being underdressed
right now a lot of my friends are
wearing and you know if I was gonna wear
one but by time I iron it and find it
all that stuff gonna be so late more
than right now so I'm just gonna sort of
dress I'm gonna kill I'd rather be a
good friends and be a fashion icon right
how's Kasich what is this I saw sir
yeah as much as your wife right here
because you guys really awkward now
because same in front of this rainbow
wall so trying to get attention right
now all right all right where do we look
over here executors thank I my oldest
friend since grade she does
- I three four three - so nice when I
went to the mansion oops
- anyway my son no wait for ya good boy
i'ma get my mainly done now as well
because also a while because I handle me
all by providing what ups at the outside
not the inside ends - so hard to do
anything the time is 10:47 I'm in a
crappy predicament again cuz I don't
know Homer write the songs and my shoots
so early and it's me another situation
which I'm dying writing the song I have
left I missed you tomorrow I don't have
a choice I can't do the whole thing
where I goes to do and right there it
has to be done so to go home buckle in
and just try to make it happen hopefully
I'm not getting tired I'm gonna give
myself that option but you're on your
second in the morning and nights you get
more sick during a day or okay I can
feel the sickness coming back a little
bit so I'm pretty emotional I'm kind of
emotional time nah I'm like weird about
our person I'm a little bit weird when
it comes to weddings I've always
struggled with this and I've struggled
with this idea that I don't know if I
believe in marriage
and I'm not trying to put like a
negative vibe all and I'm so happy for a
long that gets married and all my
friends I made I'm so happy and I just
want them to be happy and little
wonderful life but I have this odd
relationship with America I'm not sure
and because I'm not sure how I feel
about it
sometimes I think I can't relate to
other people and so I feel like very out
of place sometimes not because anyone's
doing something comes in my mind because
yeah I don't I guess it's also like I'm
really really honest sometimes with my
career it's I always telling for my
friends in there as well
it sounds really
ridiculous sometimes I'll have dates are
so surreal and like it all get trek text
from Duane and I'll shoot with Selena
and all the white house do cool things
not go Facebook I'll see all my friends
all the people that grew up with doing
what I was raised to believe I should
also be doing which is getting married
and having kids those things are
wonderful and great to each their own
but I'm not doing that and so sometimes
I have this irrational thought where I'm
like well I'm clearly doing something
wrong and I don't know what to do and
it's just hard to see if an office
around you're doing something else I
guess it goes in a struggle in line but
guys all that I'm so happy she's--oh my
oldest friends vocal trend monitor all
this oldest ones I have but I'm really
good and I'm transmitting I'm honored to
be that so forego off over my song may
be sick harness midnight get out of your
night yeah your light let's strap in oh
I guess what I'm goes to guess guess
guess guess what I want to do you guys
but to go sleep and then wake up at 6
a.m. finishes when I'm too tired and I
can't do it I can't write song I get
like act up but then I'm so impressed
with my ability to wake up and do it I
think while I'm sleeping I think of
things and I wake up and I do I thought
it's hurting really bad again man I
can't wait til tomorrow or I can just go
to sleep without having to write a song
and record it three days in a row how to
do is understand real rough let's see
how we did today though because I think
that a very productive day
Donna talks with Nellie or whatever
maestro I sort of got every night wasn't
hurting an hour ago now killed it's not
great not great at all I'm gonna go to
bed is 115 or looking at six finish you
thought this is the home stretch now
home searching my team's also going home
tomorrow so that I finish it we have a
shorter amount of time do the videos who
can be challenging but I'm really tired
and don't know to say so actually for I
go in a few hours of my main channel I
collaboration when Beatrice is coming up
let me give you a little sneak peek and
got it oh wait you know what you won't
like this let's try it again okay chin
down and a little to your left
you know let me get higher and try and
smile a little bit more there you go
oh my god it's perfect how did you the
outfit the center in portrait mode
I love let me talk with that portrait
mode again yay yay yay yeah research and
development blog channel sent you if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
Mindy logic Araucana doe Lisa jakirah
kina didn't Mandela got Kira kana do
Lisa Jackie rak'nor
sunny so easily the reason is nothing so
this is a business of the services and
under under and wicked ended and the
correct cigarette again negative end we
getting it indicating
