so how can you do it you guys gonna nail
this is gonna have the same answers
welcome back 36,000 wait hustle harder
and sometimes I have a mustache on my
face that's not even makeup we talk
don't be rude honey TV is gone mother
effin leave there's the missions you
shoot a collab shoot another clap for my
channel at least my videos do super 60
go through my inbox go to the new office
space and measure out some ears are you
ready for holiday yes that's my hat
super logo dad had Lilly Singh Kham was
where you can get that if you want to
fire
today I'm slapping with Brooklyn
all right cool things are just looking
for their Channel it wasn't for my
channel so come on Thursdays and we also
even though your upload is really
Wednesday Wednesday are you adjusting it
we are you see that take notes everyone
else okay so do you like la Bailey I'm
all right so since were wrapped and
we're triplets because we look exactly
same all of us examine all of the same
age also I thought for us to learn a
little bit more about each other is that
cool yeah yeah so - you guys gonna nail
this you can have the same answers I
hope I can read each other's minds okay
ready so I'm gonna say who's more likely
to and then I'm gonna count to three
okay number one did you do green is more
likely to subtweet three to one no I
definitely got fake I was a billion this
was such a selfie okay that's your cue
to stop Bailey on Twitter every guys
there's love to eat so later on today
when I say don't you hate when some
people suck at collabs it's about me
number two didn't do it it's very likely
to get sick on a roller coaster three
two one we both have strong stomachs but
it actually I take it back in my baby
always think I'm never sick I think I
suppose like seven yes well to be where
you're never sick because you carry
around a bag full of medication number
three did it who's more likely to scream
during a horror movie three two one I
enjoy
yeah I was like the whole time number
four more likely to sleep in past their
alarm three two one Bailey the first lon
I'm a very like that's like it's nice
I'm awake I'm awake I'm alive
in my defense I can get up if I have to
but like if it's like no you see bill
you said Bailey more likely to cry
during a romance movie three two one
what movie made you cry recently oh my
gosh I watched only the brave on my
flight here and bawled my eyes out
enough I'm sure from the outside it
looked that airplane whirling and I was
like who is more likely to sing the
wrong lyrics to a song one should be
like with conviction more likely to be
caught taking selfies three two one
Bailey neither of us take that many
selfies will be gone you know what we're
gonna stock your Instagram right after
this and if we find any selfies gonna be
on the sign right now
I think it's really her we're likely to
spend too much money while shopping
three two one Bailey but we're both
fairly financially away like when I was
a kid I would like get a dollar and I
would save that dog I felt it was
precious not precious but precious on
road trips in my mom of it everybody
buys to not go to the Camino I'm saving
my friend in casing it someday a penny
pincher
but again I'm no I don't just go like
spend money like her they don't like the
shops trying things on and I like I
don't I think I'm buying in you oh no
all right Bailey's over it what else
what a reference okay
we're likely to cave and respond to a
hater on line three two one we don't
have five that's good
congratulations you're twins good job
dude these jeans are so cool did you
make them resolve rooking no and I'm
Bailey Bailey what's yours problem I'm
Brooklyn and probably you know CD head
everybody and when do you think oh hello
everybody I'm windy
hello everybody I'm with you thing just
finished shooting video because my fanuc
getting lots of tweets on Twitter saying
when you coming back Lee Lily's video so
boring be hater your cool guy cool guy
you see I'm not racist it's so many
people saying we don't need to do these
we don't like release videos without you
because we think maybe not so cesky you
know we want to don't need Ephesus Keith
why say okay I was vacation actually a
Dubai vacation and I own some properties
there some buildings there I'm very rich
and I also have lost so much muskox
and I come
can I say okay my friend want me to do I
do I do you know why because I do I'll
just give you asked I give I'm like
charity you know and Roman geez we want
I say okay I'm yours this what I say
thank you okay done or you don't go back
man okay that nonsense first of all
before his blog even started I drank a
glass of water so give me the point I
don't care if you didn't see it happen
just because you've been seen on social
media doesn't mean happened it super 60
I really like this video job interviews
are honest it's like really real I
haven't done a job interview in a hot
second but I remember doing them to be
so stressful needs to be like let me
pull every lag out of my book I try to
get this all nautically right now that's
one way to get the job just give me some
bonus points killing the game now I'm
heading to the office space may I'm in
the office space and we just drank all
these six boxes upstairs and I just want
to say not much has changed because even
though I'm already your year ago if you
look at the first time I moved to LA I
did something very similar to this
flashback so I think that's maybe we
have this at 71 pounds well just not
like immensely heavy but like actually
that's pretty heavy
to the elevator I cut it on the cart
unit this cart like a braying sack as I
do not care not to get into the elevator
the horse winning job I really dragged
it down the hall pushed it down the
entire hall
that's right it'll never be a time when
I'm too big to hope we do things like
this I mean it depends five more money
pay more people I enjoy this it is many
hours later I'm gonna show you my
massively a ratchet method of measuring
things up for the office space style any
answer and there's a person on the floor
that'll always be there every time you
enter washroom this is area one
these are the chairs I ordered look at
that Wow office number one we measured
our dimensions of the desks I rogen area
number two editing area balcony over
there storage space my office is gonna
be here I'm mapping out my desk my couch
all that stuff with tape because I don't
know how to visualize things closet this
is the office space it's not huge not
super elaborate but it's gonna get the
job done and I'm very excited by browny
excited she's exciting she's assemble
all the chairs broken snails are always
done by the way I just want to point
that up broken is fabulous I go home at
literally one of the nine thirty nine
and Taylor still here and Taylor's
computer crash he lost an hour and a
half of work now he's angrily Washington
yep no it just sums it up
Taylor you're a good bad you're good man
Taylor really won 5v2 replica a hundred
times
because they know me better than you
flashback to the last time you played
Monopoly deal real quick three one for
me is what you're saying you should keep
that shirt off because you're not
playing like a boss didn't we play
online that was before I found were the
last time we played guys notice how you
never heard about that no one know he
beat me once 5-1 come on you know what
you have a long time Taylor is good at
monopoly I'll take it I'll take me only
drinks water to get points in a vlog
that mean absolutely nothing not for
health or anything just for the
pointless points who am i someone who
just cleared my inbox give me the points
damn sure God that was my attempt I
tried I went for that way I started
doing I was like it's not gonna be good
but I was like I just go the whole way
with his bad decision you're the place
the inbox also just ordered leg I
ordered my desk my sofa my wallet my a
whole bunch stuff for the office
Proactive up in this mutha f yo yeah I'm
like throw up straight tomorrow when
you're watching today I'm doing
something so thick my brain can't even
mother-effing fan of it I like can't
even think about all that decision if we
shut up shut up shut up
all I have to say is if you watch
wrestling you might want to watch WWE
Smackdown today that's all i'ma say also
I'm new blog those things I do um but
end this vlog right now but I still got
a real script in bed cuz that's just
part of the hustle and tell them I'll
buy ya
you
