hello sleep what are you good morning I
am so goddamn tired I said from 2:00 to
5:00 a.m. because I was working on this
video shoot we're doing right now I
haven't finished it's okay because I've
switched around the day give me some
more time to work on the song before we
do the shoot an intense mission today
which is asleep probably that's not
weird now we should go to get my
passport when you did it I'll tell you
about it finish writing a song doing it
do a video shoot a few to space into
Arnold gonna happen go home that also
should happen write another song tonight
when I get home hopefully that will
happen record that song check my emails
which are probably disaster right now
aside from all of that I'm going to kiss
my mom 10 times well to slug let's count
let's try to counter what mom came to
shoot with us today 200 maumee so what
is the blood left auto 9mm 30 bonds that
have the rat toilet talk with really no
cake oh I'm sure she kept trying to
shoot did you bring anything to do to
pass the time up yes they did
really like what oh my god you have
reading materials here are you enjoying
this without to be a baozi are you
enjoying it you halfway done they finish
more than happening wow that blows here
setting up the green screen as the squad
team over here they're setting up my
costumes going to be lit shots are you
to say Toronto by the way they've been
so accommodating and wonderful and
stupendous obviously Canadian obviously
hashtag Canadian it was pretty cool
Canada 150 things I shouldn't claim it
nap on the sofa and I'm going to record
the song
I'm so tired like few things but it
record the song and I told everyone to
gain that before researched it because
we have mad time which I might take a
one-hour net before we start shooting
just because I'm so tired Hank I need to
get done he's cracking right now but
we're gonna record the song first hey
Julie change that's quite possibly the
most difficult thing I've ever recorded
literally I supposed to be done like in
an hour taking me three hours and he was
been waiting here like so hard it's as
good it's gonna get right now I'm gonna
have to rerecord it obviously I always
do a rough first but it's good enough to
record the videos but all my hope is not
too smart I keep telling everyone I'm
like I hope it's not just smart because
the references I'm making it's something
for Game of Thrones
you know this but I'm like are the
references to nerdy or the to smart does
it to like particular I don't know never
be ashamed of being too smart
go ahead and be smart but I don't want
like sometimes when I get too into the
layers like if you can see all the
lyrics I write like the way I spell
things I feel like you would get things
so much easier because I make a lot of
like double entendre type of thing have
your you have to know but I took some of
those out because I was like you people
these days they want to play with
fidgets printers and both means I can't
be out here putting algebra and when I
goddamn lyric finish Java Gettys axials
and thoughts men Theo's and thoughts
body first goddamn song so good is going
to get right now we're gonna start
recording at 84 years later we have
finished mama reborn no I'm not see what
did you enjoy the screen she's like hell
no never invite me back again no it
takes so long to see this video thinking
long because there's so much to do in
this video see when you when you see it
in ish LDL hint that's going to give it
all what is okay it's heavily inspired
by epic Rap Battles of History
especially my mom is buying it for me
I'm blurry
why don't you focus on me whoo that's
what I said my mom with me even though
like we're doing work is nice to have
her around because I don't really get to
do that when I'm in LA I am willing to
start off by saying I am disappointed in
myself because I arrived with my song
not done and literally I delayed the
shoot like three or four hours doing the
song that I was like absolutely not that
will not happen tomorrow during the same
time issue I will not sleep unless we
found is that I'm so disappointed myself
and it's good I'm gonna be so much more
prepared for tomorrow so much more
prepared ah I said it's me
another thing family interactive
punkbuster day to my mom are hosting
their the unicorn Island cheers right
here yeah everybody hard work to our
executive producer yeah mom executive
producers public senior VP all right so
the time is 10 p.m. I have to wake up at
8:45 and I am locked and loaded to write
the song a refuse to make the same
mistake let's do it honey lemon water
doe medicine trying to not get sick I
have a stuffy nose still and don't turn
so I'm drinking that songwriting is
going great I'm trying but my voice is
not very strong if you've been following
along for a while you might lose my
voice quite easily I tried to vocal
warm-ups I only do them before I perform
but I'm starting to think I should do
them every day every single because I
use my voice so much and my vocal cords
are not strong to begin with it's always
been a problem with me but I want to
start drinking these things I know
Selena every morning drink like ginger
shots tennis I hope your vocal cords and
really helps so it's really disgusting
Rhino shells every morning I don't know
what that is
comment below and let me know making a
cell shell to her cab for letting me use
her song in my Thursday video won't tell
you too much but I appreciate that I'm
like full-fledged sick right now feel a
fever coming up Matt harm swank'd into a
tank up not to stop me cuz I just
finished
number recorded we're going to do this
okay the time is two 13mm the track is
done your servants and foxnews have been
sent informative email to my team has
been sent makeup has been smudged
I'm Malcolm took a shower shower soothe
my throat and then I'm going to go to
bed and listen to Chuck over and over
and over again as I sleep to make sure
I'm prepped that is the plan I'm really
happy with how it turned out I think
it's super super super dope and they're
really witty and really smart so I am
very happy I feel like I've redeemed
myself from yesterday give me those
points it's all done my body so clean
right now I'm going to get some six
hours of sleep right now is that right I
make making up crap 2:30 the semesters
six six hours of sleep right now Yas
waiver and last night last time was two
hours so six hours are goddamn a
blessing
tomorrow we got the shoot we're gonna
see if we rap early we're gonna try to
go to the cottage for a bit bite Billis
if you don't think that's going to
happen because I think the shoot I'm
doing takes so goddamn long every
segment that I'm doing so I'll fit in
the work right now as well as cool
things were like I'm not sure if all of
you will enjoy it but like I'm really
excited about it so it's like me nerding
out and I think that's really exciting
and so hopefully you can see that
through the screen when you watch the
final product well I thought from all
that after that I have my friend who's
being married her men these tomorrow men
B's like when you put men the underhand
that type of situation so gonna be job I
thought it's going i'ma go to bed let's
see how we did today
so I suck clearly and I'm just thinking
I'm not on the Twitter what do I call it
I saw clearly we're not bed talkable no
I cannot animation there we're not
change the animation I'm not going to go
down the toilet because so many people
are sleeping close to there and I don't
wake them up but that you were joining
me on today very productive day I'm
redeeming myself tomorrow will be
equally as productive I know it's about
getting better not getting better it's
about improving everyday there's
supposed to be days where I felt as long
as I take that emotion I think all right
now how do i improve that's all that
matters and that's what life is all
about until tomorrow
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe no Dennis ever happened to
read before I go to sleep right I'm
starving
even if I just ate right as important I
bet on my phone you know I would really
like like a complete meal filled with
carbs right now why why do I'm not going
to eat I'm gonna go to bed but I'm just
like this is always my thing before I
sleep I'm just like should I have a
feast right now
