I woke up in Czech Republic feeling
grateful and awesome good morning team
super I feel so awesome this morning I
think I actually slept through the night
jetlag did not ruin my life and I woke
up just feeling rested and wonderful no
mycotoxin my favorite people in the
world because they're probably feeling
wonderful because while the positivity
so much I want to talk about how
grateful I am and we talk to other
people in arms so grateful which is you
so let's talk what's going on just feel
like I don't know I feel like I have not
a worry in the world I feel like I don't
care about the things that are wrong or
at least I do care but I've overcome
things that are wrong and I'm just
mentally strong and I'm spiritually here
not in present and I feel great I think
you should feel great with me because it
feels wonderful let's take a moment just
be like you I am present life is not
perfect but I'm gonna make the perfect
situation out of it feels wonderful
fears the mission for today you secret
stuff I cannot tell you about liquid
secret secret secret Rickett after that
when I get home I do have to make a rap
track for tomorrow's music video with
bottom jeans I also do wanna have a nice
dinner because I love eating out here
and probably but amazing fact of all
that trying to show you as much stuff as
I can well not letting the secret out
alright three wonderful days it's
created baby these chairs are so steep I
don't feel like to say that you know how
I got someone to be cooking me food when
I was back in LA I have now gotten so
used to healthy eating I know another
day I had a few scoops of ice cream and
yada but like my body's I'm so used to
healthy eating and drinking water
because now my body craves water where's
before like I could be totally found out
during glass of water I've been drinking
so much water which is probably on my
skin is getting a bit clearer and I feel
so great so someone on my team told me
it takes 14 days to make a habit I don't
know if that's you have to google it I
know I'm totally fine drinking water so
yo baby steps
leejohn goals you know what's up sup I
just finished wrapping my Sigma project
on folks that I wish I could tell you
all about it when I can't but just know
that I was pretty nervous going into a
think I did really well and I'm really
happy how it went and I'm very pleased
and
it's wonderful now we gonna go dinner we
go told you know like us to Milly
subscribers on the vlog Channel son what
else you gonna do or that another secret
project no I'm all right woody
hey that booty down oh yeah Shamu work
there is Shamu when I saw you first
times it was hard to say it's not a
start of a question what is it what is
your booty what is it what is it
mom can you read me a bedtime story
sharable any page I don't care what it
is what it's called Chinese erotic poem
only page mom I don't care what's on
okay baby I'll put you right to sleep
okay we got the Morning Sun rises the
Morning Sun shines through the filigree
shuttered a wind full of light blows
open Racine car drove a sly smile
combine her lips her moth eyebrows March
that's what I want my eyebrows become
over her beautiful eyes let's go to
another one okay I'm not quite as we get
not almost scary this one baby boy is
called drunk man the puppy barks outside
and I know man is here I walked
downstairs in my socks
he's drunk tonight oh ha ha ha happened
into the silk mosquito mixed but he
doesn't want to undress you two finished
well let him be it is better than
sleeping alone more before more well
okay an encounter and feel an encounter
in the field came an amorous rider
trampling the fallen flowers of the road
the dangling end of a crop passing
carriage of five-colored clouds the
jeweler for in his raise with a
beautiful woman smiles
and that is my house through the sky
pointing clicking house key
okay I must be mommy are you taking me
for dinner boo to a nice roof top thing
on top bottle you don't soak in there
you're talking about that still water
you know you had a real nice place right
now you did it up well where I can't see
where the sky is beautiful
Carolyn's covering your face she knows
I'm vlogging Hogwarts is right over
there killing the game okay how much
more than I was at 300 or 600 for the
erotic poem can we see how much we got
oh that's not enough I'll wait till you
go to the ATM okay girl here but we are
here out of our nephews SSN we had other
things last night except this to be
penises I never so cheers to you hopping
this house
shut your damn mouth to you all of us to
you who do you like you too many
peasants
thanks so much and I hope you go you're
going to end up in the world and
light-hearted to prevail and hostile
harder and including ambition everything
other kids every single day 30 well not
tomorrow of you drinkin is also
important
rats on ask money without music video
butafter well she is booth
Kyle yelled at me just now because you
said he had things to say in the toast
so we're gonna redo it here we go my
good night okay yeah okay
I like it better when I long you shut
your dirty mouth
get my haunted hall with that lighting I
can say with I'll make here and you got
to say it whoops let me turn the camera
back on that's all I want to do want to
music - okay okay okay
much better we knocked it with like a
llama okay cheers to the biggest bass
the best bass that I ever have reaching
two million subscribers on her channel
and to all what we're at when we started
working together
one drink I'm already I'm gone boom no
one's getting any luck yes and I watched
every vlog thing really yeah poor hope a
waste of time and they are trash so
congrats thank you I thank you baby for
life they're not on the Florida man by
the way I would like to spend on your
please also I gonna hijack I'm okay oh
the bread handout and now the real oh
yes yesterday's vlog someone's like I
think really really likes pile like real
life into the car like to mean you think
I'm all here to be a spatula and convert
this whole fall in love with me
committed sexual orientation thanks Alec
hi orange very sweet but we're going to
make so many improvements the channel
welcome you doing now
the first carbs Saturday hey mama we
won't catch up because I got head
oh no no no I would down that too but I
want to leave some for you by the balls
and show me open job' hood when you read
and you don't want to celebrate like a
real okay if the rock is reading from
this point on you know what you back at
it again
spin ho spin while we even spending
session saying fresh oh it's midnight I
am so damn tough Kyle facing so do you
know how many reasons your country has
oh my face having about the most basic
thing I've ever faced along standby when
me and Kyle obsessed with each other I'm
so damn tired and I got to write and
record a rap song so let's do it
oh my god I'm failing it is too was 101
32 32 times E 153 I keep falling asleep
is woke up at all people my laptop and
so I have a crazy idea I start seeing a
7 it's 153 I'm thinking of going to bed
awake about 5 to finish this hear me out
because I'm hoping jet lag will wake you
by 5 because the past couple days a week
or 4:30 is opening lies also thinking is
that crazy
ok I'm going to do that I'm going to go
to bed we go 5 let's see how we did
cause I'm not gonna sell the toilet I'm
sorry I just woke up this orange and
I'll tell my laptop take the letter P is
on my face somewhere thank you for
joining me on today and I'm going to see
if I can wake up in three hours to do
this we rock through one more day we're
going to shoot some music videos stuff
it's going to happen it's going to be
great I should just I'm so stupid
because during the day there's too many
people reasoning it so early during the
day there's so many people outside with
kind of an earlier but so we shall see
if you liked it subscribe if you liked
it subscribe the puppy barks outside and
I know my mrs. here I walked downstairs
and my son he's drunk tonight
oh I helped him into the silk mosquito
net but he doesn't want to address is to
fish
