life is a beach I said Beach got you
good morning I woke up a little bit like
a rock a lot I stirred a little bit not
great even though a so sponsible last
night and didn't drink it do anything I
throat is a little bit so weird having
change of climates extreme change
climates so hot when I go that any words
so cold because they see save me a beach
day while I'm alone chill here's the
mission you have easy mission actually
kind of marvelous we are head to the
beach miraculous and then another beach
just to hang out for a few hours and
then I gotta come back home because I'm
shooting the second part the bottom jig
music video sorry more about that a
little bit after I have record the
finally for all the song actually not
actually at all actually
actually a lot of work which is suck you
get my voice especially then I'd access
the emails and send to me over factum
all of that goal is to not get more sick
and remedy myself because tomorrow is my
boss book show yeah remember that thing
that hour-and-a-half thing that I
remember that money to like make sure my
voice is on point make sure I don't get
sick as you can hear my voice and
getting a little bit sick and Regina
Shambu oh because Kyle's leaving you
taking sister on vacation he's leaving
turned out early not coming to Toronto
not coming to the beach I'm a visit your
relatives in the ocean for your home and
in your honor I wore your image and
likeness on my shirt today oh that
wasn't even a cherry like a home
overseen by the Kyle of course you sick
like usual and he's getting me thick did
I yeah all that making out we did on
making up tomorrow's video today's video
no I guess sorry gonna be out thank you
a hot at the network how does the
internet work effect give my hobbies we
remember all the times we had together
new Bible by Sam you and I think about
Stella moment I'll tell you soon I'll
pay for their okay through the three
motion yeah just like you sky baby I'm
fine or Bobby's little things would you
like and you lose all control and your
oats and you would like him to say oh
man Thank You peace enough payment
maracas gonna make a wind on your body
Uncle John I'm expecting your four of
you on this baking you got it all right
I don't have anything exchange so you
know me you know what's about to go down
baking shark Uncle John let's have the
review ah that's good yeah that is nice
and crispy the dark is nice and tender
and crispy
that peppa saw hmm all right so that's
bacon chard this also have this potato
pie thing and they never have any kind
of call three times I've been here each
other don't have it I must learn two
things it's a lie on a menu you know
maracas beach but we're going to go
onward twenty minutes to los huevos I
believe
we just got here n training Trinidad's
changing weather like a girl changes
clothes
I love it here so much telling you my
two-year goal my house Internet I love
it so much vibe have a long on the
island I know I can't swim and I get sad
really easily generally don't like bugs
and all the creatures divided blogging
island and I don't know surf a saltwater
kind of burns much but I belong on the
islands I love it so much
otherwise it's so great read and I love
you so so much
just feeling good about to head back now
even though I want to stay for so much
longer we're about to head back to my
used to the second part for my bottom
two music video with some of my fans I'm
Trinidad going to come with a carnival
costume it's going to be a sign this
little guy almost attacked not I just
now that I won literally was on your
foot literally on and I just said
something that me you're so adorable
when we're on the boat by the way I
forgot to tell you we're all in the
water having a good time we get out of
the water in the bowl not according to
water not tell them what you're seeing
the largest stingray that jumps they
look like a dolphin she does adult a big
stingray jumped on with why don't we
were in swimming stingray jump we go
back in the water of course I'm still
alive the hope is one will open my belly
belly belly belly belly open my belly
belly belly belly belly I'm bored so I'm
interested as my mom and went on some
girl
what's your name what's your favorite
Lilly video Thank You lemon
I like that one too
so bottoms you just finished her music
video it was late because all of these
people he's like what the hell is your
thing it's really hot
what do you want to do it what are you
doing oh my god why not me today
there's a best line I've ever liked my
entire life and sizes include all of my
dancer friends a music ality when you
want another baby
oh alright we'll continue on today be
more shout out to all the white people
have donated to Michael Mae's campaign
and donated xyo my data shadows and my
blog link you so happy to be doing this
such a great cause all of your attention
will go towards helping the amazing
amazing things in subtitles but thank
you so so my first half percent is all
PG teachers you'll be awesome from one
of your students out in the suburbs
because teachers are the most
influential people in our lives when
you're a great teacher great at talking
your students develop their ideas and
making the best version of themselves to
such an extent that they wanted me to
give you a show so Julia they got
yourself healthy the next time
today and is really special because the
first about the shutter for you says
they wanted you to marry them to all
three of us except the same last name ng
title not in Singapore so I'm going to
get on one we again I'm having your
partner will you marry us also connector
next gentleman for Gemini a ki C cube
one two three who makes ball covers in
English and tell a little bit of in the
online I love that we will check it out
into the contacts I think you wanna pick
us up next our animal boyhood from
Calgary Alberta Canada happy Canada to
you Thank You social support is brew big
over seven others nothing overdosing on
it goes the next time is for summer and
challenge our YouTube channel called
let's go letters of their Canadian as a
whole and they are living in the country
growing organic vegetables raising
diesel with an awesome and depressing
feminist issues so check out their
YouTube channel let's go as well as next
time for dilwara with a stay-at-home
supermom vlogging champion aspiring
blogger but I'm sick of the aspiring to
say that I'm going to kill again I have
nothing but confidence in you in facing
you and I'm cheering you on
next set of hooks to March our she came
when Manchester showed that she's loved
this too what should you enjoy that
definitely a letter still lots of topics
and solar system fourth jump effects
really can say whatever she likes to
show Martha you would be MVP and I
appreciate you thank you can see
donation next setup wasn't going all
playing something that you call show on
both my babies so so much but nativism
it her intention but thank you so so
much for any donation as a legislation
so folks if you love
what next we like Jennifer Adams who is
a graphic designer and a photographer
and want me to send a message to women
by analytic in loving themselves which
keep empowering each other that is so
important I love that so much Jennifer
thank you so much for donations and you
by burning all the women all about the
HOS worker musical Jennifer Nichols a
lot that goes from Sydney Australia she
said she loved watching the blog I hope
your wife is right and help you I'm
putting all of my love and energy
cameras to you because you so much for
donation against on the video they got
exciting success next we got lucky oh
they do just that in myself whatever you
want so I'm eternal so whatever I want
to you wrestle it on this date the use
of it a small thing that maybe was a
little thing for you maybe the click of
a button on you wash my love you isn't
such a great impact of the world through
that donation I appreciate you men three
normal told you you're one visited I'm
telling you you are wonderful and I
appreciate you sell better to me to end
it and I hope you get to home and we hug
I'm going to do a little sweetness
maximum Elizabeth riddle from Austin
Texas
thank you so much your generation is in
love with myself just agree to doses of
that long fasting where exhibitionists
and keep a skewer I did yes thank you so
much your support you are awesome and
while keeping everything weird so to you
Ruby brought to that losers channel I'm
going to turn right there injects go
check it out
show some love cheeto energy of people
all around the world big up yourself
good luck on YouTube it can be scary it
can be the churches of time the key part
I believe in you some of you so so much
analogous on my rupees to see you repeat
our base mother's name is Thomas P
relations that whole just sweet things
to me like you think I'm funny and
beautiful and all the intense it's too
much and blessing is also that you
really enjoy great concert thank you so
much for watching my content and paying
attention engaging that that means a lot
to me because when I make my videos I'm
literally alone in the room
so I'm really glad you're the survey
attention to donation and bit of
concepts that we got a ladder
she was from a banking rebelliously and
programs like the donations were I did
the duration burn and goddess are four
basic divisions born in uniform to the
hustler but she was relentlessly - she's
regime that's not like mana kind of
person Atlanta so for me one day holding
out a work center dealer when they open
mix and see them different and all about
donated then justice for everyone that
donates my own makes em pay
you truly forget about me even be shut
up they're nice above that reduce helps
people genuinely helpful around the
world thank you so much agreement cause
just use that show to make sell to all
of you thank you think thank you so much
the camel exchange will you support the
alchemist and raising run oh no thank
you again so much really truly do all
the other reindeer laugh at you and
knowledge is like games with them
Rudolph it's not Christmas yet refused
to wear sunscreen Brazilian muscle can't
deny the fact that your skin is white
you're in denial
mm-hmm this is what America does PSEG
political team silver and filling their
missions said not record my songs and
I'm getting sick
dammit no I prefer John soup ginger ale
and I pop by the way for like a month
and a half a month for Sam that's a
vitamin C I'm so hot inside about to dip
my feet in the pool because if you're
gonna being a fever being super no-show
day after shorty it's another show day
eighty-four years and 84 pieces you are
so it does when the pool is really cold
but you're committed which are committed
please dying also stubborn from the
sparkler my last loss on the boat I'm
sick I throw hurt so much I'm going to
back and fail and mix on let's see how
we did today
ah so when maximum others are no winners
and I can tap them so often I'm so good
in a day for something major it's just
like well I'm going to make you sick I'm
obviously me anticipating under what it
is but my throat every kills right now
so hopefully I wake up and it is not
killing and I'm able to do this show the
last joke is asked that a 9 Toronto
asinine to Ottawa to perform a lot month
in law and I'm not trying to do this
right now so keep me in your sauce
please
or I mean other people that probably
need to be your thoughts away more than
me but so I tell tomorrow our last day
international season if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like yo also in case you missed it
by the way I'm wearing a face mask
that's why my face is so shiny if you
missed it I post a new video what it
means what a girl hugs you link is right
there my last blog is right there my
message too much posted on the river
there are some icons in salt water right
now or just punch myself in the face
stay tuned to find out here I just so
weird what is happening
