good morning Trinidad and Tobago wah-wah
good morning I woke up hell early as I
had to go do something a secret thing
can tell you about the find out later
and stuff we mean we mean where I need
the secret thing we're now in fact my
allergies are raging so I need
apothecary accident something what I
just want to scratch them all my nose
like full of boogers right now but
today's gonna be dope here is the
mission with a pretty little mission no
first thing take a shower and shave not
because I have to because I want to
after that we're going to go on a boat
I'm in a record of quantum G's music
video it would be really hard because
the song is really hard and then I'm
going to relax on a boat that is the
mission I went to relaxing them every
time to come to Trinidad Michele takes
us on a boat my shells are not here
right now so I was like let me take my
team on a boat like Marsha always said
because I said it's great team bonding I
think we're sick music video compiling
Jesus all social is you know treat my
peoples you know I'm saying have a
little bit of a relaxation time bustle
I'm muscle wine you know what's good one
what a pass to t-shirt reference its
thing about shaving right that I'm just
like yo I'm kind of over these days I'm
over cause I'm over shaping I only will
wear a bra don't let me sheriff I want
to like I'm over doing it because I feel
pressure to I'm literally just like you
know yes you're walking around my
armpits or not here my god care guys you
can just I love myself but y'all I feel
about those abroad like I need
opportunity don't wear bra imma take it
i'ma take it yo about ready to go on
with both extravaganza right now amazing
since all of them are to follow me so
like I'm wearing you one that ever worn
before that's like pretty old I'm like
it might have a nip slip but y'all will
figure it out
so we wanted more ready for the boat
than others
he went ready uttering cows like I'm
full of mucus
the weather is smashed but that's not
gonna stop but also apparently moving on
to the boat that's how we do for do you
know just raining like hell but y'all
onward to that tree that storm right
there that's your deaf night to find you
sure got on your back there is a hey
when you touch the booty
I'm over here
let's Brussels recorded them holding a
rope right now but we in the water
haven't drowned yay guys wonderful I'm
in a Pokemon texting feel free in the
water survive the pretty magical
experience here is my fiance Cal Khun
Kat likes me to become Carlos thing I'm
really good you gotta music but I didn't
get as many shots nothing I want to
enjoy I'm just going to jump in the
water but I'm like I don't think that's
necessary
I would have her in the water in one of
the shots as well that's what I guys I'm
happy to try the form shall we all here
I think we should have read them I think
I thought I was drunk in know I know
surprisingly so we do that let's go okay
bye why not more please what how did you
go experience
I see you as a queen I love that when
you put some ideas up to the ground girl
in Seville a million murders when the
rain is real but it don't stop the party
so culturally close by Rose Mickey by
I'll or cantaloupe for Nubbles yeah
that's why I said slice right yo double
sights right whatever I mean it yes
straight of all of the Caribbean seas in
my hair I know all of it the whole seat
is in my hair so I'm gonna wash my hair
so we ten something at 10:16 so it's not
that late and I think Uncle John's gonna
make us great okay by the way Uncle
John's a great cook for though we don't
use it for nominal cooks I'm gonna prove
you wash my hair and eat some code on
cooking it up what are you making us I'm
making crepes yeah you're going to have
newly favorite Nutella and that's all
 don't beat up stuff too yes you go
home you tell I'm sure a Nana's
strawberries maybe we can get crazy but
some mango come through John piling it
out we even though there's so much
inside you've gotta throw a little
dollop home with some butter chef C you
delivered at the movement for their
child brake linings oh thank you Wow
holy crap number one was opposed to John
right now Wow the presentation first of
all can we take a moment
BOM are you can have some type of other
things are you talking to you my friend
it's not going to you're my friend Oh
Nadia boys right hey my friend
jyoti gonna be my friend oh cool we
gonna do a search
okay the time is 12:30 a.m.
I am tired I think that a very
productive day shot a music video
actually did quite well with the lyrics
and music videos well hat simple time
drank some alcohol and ate some crepes
and tomorrow is an exciting thing that I
will tell you about tomorrow for today
let's see how I did
my god I'm asleep like a baby I cannot
wait
good stop when many so they're very
productive data stores become a major
birthday I can't wait for Trinidad block
is going to be dope
I told not to act like two of the toilet
and not move it as you can see she's not
able to handle this task I was like oh
they're missing on the toilet don't move
it all and she's absolutely not able to
do that so difficult to ask okay great
well any more turn up closet do any last
visible diplomas where you can go I'm
having a black different unit at a
really good time and I'm really glad
someone capture that picture because we
swam so modest on my Instagram of me not
swimming in the sunset it's really
though it was about double tap and tell
them it's a blob channel thank you
tomorrow
whoo-hoo-hoo if you liked it subscribe
if you like it subscribe fun fact might
be fairly rich before what she means is
these goddamn white people Kyle's arms
and body are different color he's red
and white oh my god your Christmas oh my
god just Santa Claus oh my god you over
oh my god when your arms are a cinnamon
hard time oh my god when your arms are a
firetruck oh my god when your arms are
writing times it
