Jesus and are you busy with exorcisms
but please take the wheel good morning
the time is I don't really know it's
what I on it's 12:45 p.m. I woke up
about another half ago to get my hair
makeup done as you can see there's not a
lot of things happening today before I
get into the mission for today I had
such a bad day yesterday cos I received
bad news this morning I woke up and
received more bad news so it'll warn you
right now I'm kind of a little down not
feeling completely positive but I'm
going to try to be positive because I
want to be productive which is just a
lot going through my mind and for this
vlog filled with me talking about how I
feel and things I've learned and so
brace yourself for that first and
foremost else's I don't feel in control
of my life at all well get more into it
but that's how I'm feeling right now I'm
a little bit frazzled but I got a change
because people are waiting downstairs
interviewing me the mission for today is
you care makeup done slept with some
balls lipstick on I have an interview
that's happening in my family right now
but one and a half two hours after that
I'm going to a green screen studio to
shoot some stuff for this vlog channel
that I want to do and come home I have
to write one script and one song and
record it because you know bottom G's
got a rap as well and aside from all of
that I want to just do what I can to
feel positive it's okay to not be
positive every day and I'm aware of that
so sometimes people see me be like
unicorn unicorn under the cloche she's
so fake no I'm not always happy I'm very
frustrated sometimes I get sad sometimes
and I get negative sometimes but it's
not about faking positive is about
understanding the importance and the
desire and the fact that positivity
prevails right so I don't want to fake
positivity but my brain knows when
you're positive you tend to get more
positivity and so it's about attracting
what you want by being what you want
right let's change I might change I mean
that's where the exact same outfit I
wore yesterday all right got this babe
with the power and all I have to do is
believe it
as far until acoustic I love to 602
paternal second office when possibly too
big to signal oh my god I lost you sick
that's my revelation I chose the name
super invisible hip-hop song when I
heard in YouTube videos and we're
sitting there thinking what comments
other was really meaningful to me
because maybe there's a chance I might
make a second video totally and I and
once done I just finished shooting some
great interviewed we're gonna do
something amazing right now I think it's
so funny
let me introduce you I think you're do
you know this person this is my
publicist Kayla oh she's wonderful and
cute and adorable as you can see and
your eyes are so good what's that little
blue her on camera G tell Kayla do you
think you know me pretty well she thinks
that you've heard me do a lot of
interviews I worship you so much to you
oh wow so here's what we're gonna do
right I am going to interview you and
you are going to tell me what I would
answer good to see how well you know me
and if you know my ass as well my pages
I think so okay okay cool you ready this
is an interview with superwoman stunt
double for question number one when and
why did you start making YouTube videos
I graduated from York University in 2010
and I did because it's what my sister
did I was always supposed to Jimmy
wasn't really mixed I thought that I
wanted to go get my masters you mean
that I was really hesitant because it
wasn't actually what I wanted to do and
I was sad because then one afternoon I
was watching YouTube and I saw a clip of
a guy with a nice room there's a girl
agenda problem solution and she was
doing it was a professional my husband
my god I'm sorry I think I will do that
and so I decide I would never do
something that cheesy but that's closed
up close I thought okay I'm gonna do it
I'm a man so I was told my parents that
okay I'm going to go and I'm gonna try
this and they thought I was crazy yes
the video years whether oh my god yet
one year I know it works out then you
can do that if not even have to go get
your mouth okay so why did you decide to
write a book I've been through so many
different experiences yeah
and I thought that I really wanted
everyone to know how I got here because
it wasn't perfect have Linda there's
lots of bumps along with your load and
sometimes you have to climb the stairs
okay let's go see what's big difference
between a boss and a boss a boss and
someone Beale SS if I don't say that I
always say that it's just like a normal
boss when you working nosing classes
every day different hierarchies gonna
fall
BAW is someone who just own service
themselves and is confident and takes
that confidence with them every day and
everything and everything they do really
owns it and yeah really good it was
really good was like an hour of training
you could be me I mean if you could just
do in my videos no no no the difference
in the princess know as we were like so
Mary Jane Ashley yeah exactly actually
what are you wearing on your lip
Wow so actually wears it so much that
it's done we finished it right I'm
actually so creating use all of it up
today is my last coffee if you want to
plan so we can impress you oh I was just
beginning to get some bow slip-on Oh get
Bakke buzz oh my god we should go that
we do like will you say how about all
right we are heading to Burbank was you
don't know that is the 30 ish minutes
away issue some stuff on a green screen
and have a very heavy feeling over me
that I'm trying to overcome really need
to be productive but I need a little tid
bit right now you know what it's like
this morning something really really
wants to do I basically I don't think I
can announce it I put a slip thing I
really wanted to do it I'm so excited to
do and I found I can no longer do it
because and this is where like I have to
remember to be grateful the role I got
over the role of excited about shoots
during the same time and of course I'm
so happy about that I really wanted to
do this thing and it's not about this
situation being upset because it makes
no sense because like it's good versus
good to go you know it's a very first
real problem to have I think it's more
so about like when I was raised my
parents are so what planning things and
making orchestrated plans and sticking
to them so I remember one of the things
I struggled with when I moved to LA and
when I wasn't in same industry is how
quickly things can change
no I remember back in the day my
management used to change flights and I
was like why we're changing
slightly changing like knowledge the
flighted book we're gonna change it not
because of timing switching on I need to
stress me out because like money being
wasted on flights and yada yada and I've
since learned that that like that's just
what it is my flights get changed all
the time now let's it can stall time now
I have a plan to go across the world and
I can really change in a second and now
I'm no longer going across the world
it's just like it's so exciting and I'm
so grateful but sometimes it gives me
anxiety because I never know what my
life is going to be a month now where I
thought I was doing something I'm doing
something totally different and it's
like how do you like mentally prepare
change is so drastic and how do you like
do like you have any control of your
life and the answers you don't that's
what this feeling is a feeling of like I
have no control over what of course like
I say yes or no to things but sometimes
it's like out of my power and it
stresses me out a little bit if I'm
honest it stresses me out to not know
what I'm going to be doing and if that's
even going to happen for sure
and it could change two more times and
it's like I've never meant to prepare
for that either way let's go she's done
okay so map studio and so I want to
implement some buttocks tips also my
book life isn't always ideal you're
going to have a motion you're going to
be sad things we've been going on but
what is going to be best for the project
to be productive so I'm going to walk
out of this car and I'm going to put on
my productivity hat and it would be a
positive energy a positive force because
that system was on the best project but
turn my emotions off for a second you
know why because even the worst of my
problems even the worst of my problems
are problems all the people beg for and
you always have to remember that I'll
sound silly it's still a problem is
still causing me anxiety and stress is
valid bigger picture or bless so I'm
sweating clearly I need to fix this
let's go Boston yes hello friend I'll
see you soon don't worry go make some
magic right now we're gonna do it we're
gonna do it I do definitely this is
Taylor hey guys you are my favorite
people on the planet so do it girls do
it a few white people we're gonna see
mild athleticism from the way today
on the big trials for 2018 Olympics
Fitness channel snap time please please
bring me into some hot dogs bed
Point Blank all right so guys
green-screen something - in the scenario
where we're underwater in the curve yeah
so work the most magnificent candy store
you're on fire what you up to
no I'm just turning in with my dad no
boomerang how many times you think
you've turned in them into you no idea
well I did it for every htu I show that
right off the bat was 31
probably like in the hundreds to be
honest unless I'm true some days I drink
um indeed more than one oh did they have
any idea what's going on today they not
slip into the vlog child they don't know
what and I want to also know this is
solely because I think it's cool but
I've come to terms that my vlog channel
is never going to be one of those viral
as in vlog laces cuz I just refused
refused to I refused to let that dictate
what I do in my blog you know I don't
want to have to feel the pressure of
every day so I met on a main channel I
feel that right like oh I got to do this
video because that's like my main
bedroom butter but my vlog channel
that's not the goal I don't care I just
want to be things I think are cool ideas
i excite me in this instance hello
when deep sing dead nigger sector 17
this is my audition for Walking Dead
Walker dead one okay
with it what are you nothing
what are you doing does nobody get to
like you Betty get out hey Lily don't
you the rest of this shut your dirty mom
walk out of my house
Kyle's on his way but I'm locked out so
good I'll feel a lot better and feeling
kinda like I'm very blunt terms shut the
F up Lillian suck it up all feeling
really sweet happened I tweeted being
like Holly Esther got bad news woke up
today got bad UTI a KTM morning my book
called me to check up on me
and that alone I was like holy crap
that's such a sweet thing to do that
like I did not expect at all and I was
so blown away by that and dodge like
made my day because I'm like you really
suck it up that's so many other things
to grateful for and like you'll figure
it out just like you always do you can't
mention parenting sings a non-digital so
what a new challenge who gave a damn
imma get inside write a creative cuz I'm
clapping with Anthony tomorrow and write
a song for bottom G's because she's
recording music for tomorrow and that's
what that happen because I'm grateful
and we productive and we're going to
adapt to situations not give up also get
this a razor this here is this first
thing third project I was working on a
shelter right now so three three things
in one week I'm looking forward to that
or no not happening anymore what's
happening did someone like Kurtzman when
he realized it was happening the gasket
right so I'm gonna happen right now
let's get to work alright have an idea
for Anthony tomorrow I just a scripted
but I have it all pretty much done and I
finish writing the wraps on for a bottom
G to check this out I got a laptop stand
so now I can like be a little bit more
put together it's like a little studio
in my closet pretty cool right it's
record this ich tun
recorded sent to Ali's I am killing it
today regardless of all the curve balls
being thrown at me we had our interview
you know hair makeup our interview we
did a shoot we wrote a song record the
song we wrote a script up in the final
ice cover now I sent a bunch of email
and a sense more emails right now saying
killing the good so that'll wash my face
but let's see how we did today
you
God talks with leprosy turn it Ocwen so
how do I say that it's a question I
would say while I'm having a brain fart
right now is that right or wrong Wow
okay anyways come a little bit even
invented a glad you're here with me to
take the WSFL together alike and I know
it's been a lot of like I can tell you
this is what I'm upset about so online
but this level on channel trying to talk
aloud to my friends to you and so hope I
was still enjoyable and I hope you learn
some old story as you know things I
thought these folks got a persevere and
go through you know positive mentality
and birthday with until tomorrow cuckoo
I Serbian if you like it that's good
is you like it subscribe so in a few
hours for super Thursday I'm going to be
releasing a video very similar to my how
to make a sandwich for sexist video it
is called a geography class for racist
people show us some love and sassy as f
I forget love it I think it's a really
great message so stay tuned for that
coming to my main channel shortly
shortly currently
