who I walk out like this and that did my
makeup in here and change my clothes and
brush my teeth good morning good
afternoon how are you today
Pub how are you doing think about it so
we thought well that you want to say how
are you doing you probably asked
everyone else that question with you are
you feeling happy you're doing
productive I feeling your optimal self
is not let's fix that let's change it
right now to late to change your day
your game I'm feeling great help you're
feeling great here's what the game plan
for today is going to be a very
productive day and gonna be things I
haven't done for a really long time so
that's why I'm dressed up like a
professional the mission for today is I
have to wake up and I have to do a call
my PR company created it's done after I
have one two three four meetings that I
have to expect back-to-back meetings for
so it can be a lot of being on and being
present and paying attention for long
periods of time how does that become
home I do want to do some house thing I
do want to clean my office a little bit
hopefully get time to do that look on my
writing a little bit trying to decorate
a bit more and then this evening I have
some my friends coming over you'll see
who in a little bit aside from all that
when trying it all the bonus points
today we're all officially what I need
to work on in any spare time I have
because one of the shoots ahead for
tomorrow got cancelled so a little more
free time doesn't mean free time that
means great what can I catch up on work
why's that everybody able to do so
that's our good today it's gonna be a
wonderful day together you and I me and
you are you ready let's do it
just finished one of my meetings it was
at my house and now I'm heading out i
dad tripod just broke and I've been
struggling with it for five minutes
trying to figure it out and I'm sweating
and I'm frustrated so I'm just going to
throw it deciphers not going to not let
it ruin my vibe or heading to our second
reading let's go
now hammering on problem-solving in
eliminating stress right and a
see-through backpack I'll never have to
search for something in my bag I know
exactly where everything is Oh second
meeting done I'm heading to a third and
fourth meeting I'm running so late hour
an hour late because only meeting
they're running long but we don't get it
done oh that's awesome real talk I just
had another meeting came home when my
meetings that cancelled because a major
curveball got thrown into my world in my
universe and the world of super Owen in
the career of Lilly Singh which I'm not
against too much detail about because
legality secret thing whatever trashes
gnar does the details don't matter but
I've gotten better and you know I should
really bad at this math mundane I'm
still not the best at it when I get
upset or annoyed or angry like I used to
be very responsive right away and be
like let me just respond right away out
of anger and I've got I've tried it
really better like controlling my
emotion and have like firmer have better
term a poker face or like at least a
face were like I don't show too much of
what I'm feeling and before you think
I'm trying to be a robot that's not the
case like when I'm in meetings sometimes
it's important for people not to know
what you're always thinking because
you're I've been professional and I have
a businesswoman or a business owner at
the end of the day and I'm not trying to
wear my emotions on my sleeve and so
golf tip life is going to continuously
throw you curveballs that's never going
to go away but you should never act out
of instinct and emotion you should
always try to control that it's gonna be
impossible to do it all the time I guess
I'm trying to get at is that a person is
meeting and I got bad news and I was
like all right well I'm gonna connect
with you on this tomorrow
once I've slept and once I can process
it because if I can't fizzling
productive I don't want to say something
and so on that's what I think I think I
was thinking about on the drive home and
I was like am i how successful you get
and no matter how comfortable you feel
might have a meaningful and challenging
life you're going to keep getting pushed
out of your comfort zone having to do a
challenges and life is all about just
adapting and adjusting and dealing with
the challenges I've thrown at us and
that's never ever going to go away
that's the realization I had on my drive
home which is doesn't matter how
successful someone gets challenges are
in
inevitable and will always happen and so
with that in mind you should view them
as challenges not as like complete
roadblocks or a bad life that's just the
way it is but now I've rambled on and
we're going to go inside and we're going
to get some more time oh so curveballs
common curveballs oh and that's okay I
decided that today in my free evening
the friends are supposed to come over
actually cancels they were busy for some
stuff which is fine
I actually don't get mad at people
cancel on me because I know how it is in
other ways fellow creators all have
stuff to do and they're also busy so I
completely understand respect actually
for the best because I've had a little
bit of emotional turmoil so it's good
I'm going to commit this evening to
cleaning the office and the office
closet which I've been saying I'm going
to do for like a week and I haven't done
yet that's what I'm doing tonight I'm
committing to it it's going to be so
remedial and so calming and stop that
this is a before situation
she can tell kind of not great this in
here it's not a great situation things
aren't really organized that well we
won't fix all this cut off Oh what the
hell right no cardboard cutouts wide
damn you know don't make it seem like I
enjoy anything
yay you got organization labels here and
some Lars
lenses boom boom boom boom greatness I
look like a crazy person I'm gonna be
honest this 41 emails in my inbox and I
don't want to check any of them like I
really don't want to check any of them
I'm right now making it to-do list and
I'm sending some emails to people I work
with but otherwise like it's 1:00 a.m.
I've cleaned the entire office of clean
entire closet at three meeting soon and
I'm just gonna cut myself some slack
today because of that curveball I got
thrown into my life right now I think
that's okay I think I'm gonna do that I
think I can do that some days is fine
that right right right right right right
right
okay something you happen that just
totally made my day
it's almost better so I'm watching
Hailee Steinfeld's new video to most
girls and it's like a great song I love
it so much it's basically about how when
guys are like oh you're not like most
girls and she's like you know most girls
are sick most girls are awesome but I
want to be like molecules of so weak now
my vibe me like I listen to it all day
it's like to the scroll to the comments
and one of the top comments underneath
the music video with 1000% of five likes
is superwoman vibes here
girl oh I didn't even associate with the
phone and that that just like a random
comment I see and that makes me so happy
because if I want to be known for
anything it would be something like that
that is so wonderful and awesome Gordon
ah music video Hailee Steinfeld visa to
come with most girls show us some love
it is such a goddamn good saw a before
asleep I need this win today as you know
this broke and I can't be rid of it all
days trying to fix it what I think
happened is that's a piece that goes on
this is stuck in there and I need to
like knock it back into play that I take
out fire does that happen so we're going
to just see what happens right now if I
like do this right
alright I'm hit it is cement oh pretty
type of super orders I'm going to bed I
can't fix it I'm going to bed no hot
syllable feeling god damn mother Ephram
tripod order another one
fine just today is not my day but it's
okay you know why the other shades might
not my date someone else to get praying
for this day I have right now yeah yeah
and I'm aware I'm aware Oh ask me okay
ignore that ignore that focus on this I
am just the queen of getting bruised
right so the other day when I walked
into my garage just one door and the
door handle I always walked into almost
like not used to her no I was looking to
hurt so much I was shooting yes and I
walk until I was like holding my side
people okay you're exaggerating are you
ready for a felicitous finally yeah yeah
yeah do you see that you see that to
this exaggeration are you for the
business I'm walking into a door handle
close at this map and open it tomorrow
this game map the whole world is black
and gold and when you scratch off the
places you've been the gold turns to
different colors you can track all your
travels that were really cool so I'm
going to do that and we're frame it
that's my story
goodbye I'm gonna end the day so I can
go to bed and wake up tomorrow and have
a very positive great day and learn the
lessons I've learned from today and I'm
a shiksa mimo real ogre of a book and go
to bed let's see how we did today I
think we actually did almost everything
our to list to be fairest let's see how
we did
I talked with Larry I don't was long
before nothing it was full of nothing
there was like four clips and the whole
entire blog and I apologize I will be
better thank you for joining me on today
how we you had a wonderful day tomorrow
I'm actually shooting some soy milk
evolve ulbrich I'm making change to the
vlog Channel and I never told you what
they were that was on purpose
tomorrow I am shooting interview
mornings in my hair and makeup done and
then I am going to shoot some really
cool stuff is going to help me soup up
this blog channel I'm going to give a
like - must have snow wheels are turning
in here and can't wait for y'all to see
it still gonna be like a couple weeks so
I get to see it I know huh but we want
it tell him if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
so my last video is trending which is
great because my readers haven't rented
in a while I also don't believe in
trending I think that whole thing scam
but either way thank you so much for
showing love on my last video
never underestimate how much it matters
like to comment and thumbs up in that
stuff you probably watched me for years
but SF still matters to me um still put
food on my plate Eustace
so you wanna show you in also you know
thank you
