today's one of those days or even I
don't believe in myself good morning at
time is 11:30 I woke up at 9:30 I
productive day so if I could meet my
little pineapple sure all professional
took my braids up just like you afraid
of conquer the day my mission today is
so intense well I like I believe in
myself don't get it twisted by a kind of
goal at the same time because I'm like I
really don't know if I can get all these
things done but this is the best because
you know who my number one challenger is
today then myself as the only person
should be competing with I am going to
push myself to new limits today and
prove to myself I can do all the things
I do today it's kind of impossible so
here's the mission we have a call in the
morning did it good breakfast did it do
my hair and makeup did it now I'm on my
way to go do a podcast I'm really
excited about tell you more about it
after that I got had to go to a camera
test for some movie stuff after that I
had a little bit of a break where I need
to have a meeting with my team after
that had girl with Justin who I'm just
like remember he's not Rafael he's
Justin then I got to go to d-trix his
house to shoot a video for his channel
and pick up the shots from my channel
and after all of that I need to come
home and write and record a rap song for
my shoot at 8 a.m. tomorrow aside from
all of that I've decided my main goal
today is because I have a very busy day
to not walk around with a sense of
defeat you don't have so many things to
do to just like get free clothes do a
friggin you like techno I'm not gonna
have that I'm not surviving I'm going to
conquer I'm gonna walk around my god I'm
a - to do let's do some mannish and
they'll be like y'all not and then one
you're not
I know what you're thinking this place
is too well decorated and clean to be my
house and you're right I'm not at home I
am going to do a podcast and very
excited about called the school of
greatness this education Salle's house
what's up guys are you amazing and
wonderful and I'm so excited shocking
today you know when this podcast gonna
come up two weeks two weeks I'll
obviously tweeted and all those good
amazing things and I'm committed to
getting things I really never shared
that's challenging for you because I
know a lot everything I know but I like
that I like like what is something -
shouldn't share yeah it was like she
says everything
I'm going to find self-care I'll go I'm
excited you gonna vote me to the ah but
I'm so much more excited out and I won't
have to answer like my favorite color
and I mean I might but then we'll get
deeper in why it's my favorite color
just wrapped up okay I need to just for
a second I'm not just saying I actually
you would know first 10th I don't just
say this about anything some of the best
things I've ever done no questions I was
asked I've never been asked before I
talked about things I've never talked
about before and I always say I show you
this if you learn something fun
experience it's inevitably away and I
learned so much with myself and about
you and about life from this
conversation it was like the perfect
comfort actually learned a lot from you
in terms of like when you're trying to
engage in a really meaningful
conversation you asked a lot of really
open-ended questions that I could take
in any direction and I haven't ever
encountered that before like just really
simple questions and you can learn so
much about where your mind goes when you
answer those questions you already mean
like for example what do you want to let
go of it's like you can take that
anywhere I wanted that go wait I want to
let go off here I want to let you know
you can take that anywhere so I was like
oh so he's awesome two weeks
I'll put it all over my socials friggin
amazing I just cannot say enough how
amazing the pressure
you were dressed Thanks I try and get
off Eddie handsome gravity Magritte
testing cameras camera maneuvering
positioning for some movie some
conditions about a perk you know the
role the movies stuff two things the
paradise before doing we're done we're
going to eat I'm so hungry also get me
out of the store cuz if I was a kid in a
candy shop and I want to buy everything
right now things I don't even look at
this tripod looks like a little t-rex
with the skinny t-rex I want it then I
just write of all my life there can you
be your mother I call my life so I come
home and what do I see another bookshelf
and I'm like what are Val you know what
it turns out that I actually ordered
great oh and didn't realize this that me
the wrong color and out of the right
color and an extra bookshelf belt
solving all robot your teeth I'm
actually a doodle I have the right color
it is there as a rep avians idea and
then that one can go in my writing room
so the world Astoria is in you're a good
person karma and the universe
does things for you like that ah I'm not
happy
give me all about it boys I should stop
saying the last time we're gonna do this
because I think I understand the rest of
my life science books it just finds a
good thing but we're assigning 200 books
right now for omae's people has been the
main campaign so I'm signing your books
right now this one's you know I'm not
really so beautiful a coin making me
look so shiny no skills can deliver
cello song I am gonna have dinner with
Justin Thomas on vlog I don't like to
the camera in people's faces but your
thing is gonna have dinners and stuff
with friends on my schedule sometimes I
get this mentality of life oh here you
get the sternum and I do the separate no
no there's nothing I'd like to do this
this is oh I learn about someone new and
have a good time make memories and so
that's so many to work on it's like
anything it's one thing I've been a list
of other things no no work this is not a
task this is to have an opportunity to
engages another human and or anything
and have the conversation and that's
what I want to do all these chairs back
and dark here let's do that first
oh I'm so full when you eat healthy for
x1 days when you just eat fries right
now in your body's language if you're
doing also God please introduce more
people like Justin into my life he is
such a gem of human being and he's just
phenomenal and I'm obsessed he's so so
sweet so so sweet
I got two really good people today not
me I knew just from before but what a
good energy today and almost like it's
so important it's so important for
unhappy the first thing I look at first
thing I consider is the energy around
you be a lot of people who make you
think and so many times during my
conversations just smells like I never
knew that
that's really interesting and both
people I met with today Luis and Justin
both very engaged people when they talk
as they present and I was like I'm so
refreshing wonderful and I was present
conversations or people are present all
of that how much you probably so busy
taking Trentham or better
lying down was really bad idea because I
have to leave for Dom's house in one
minute but a lot in my car right now I'm
here um I told my brother David we are
I'm so tired I have to go to Dom's I'll
shoot a video for channel pick up the
scene for my channel and then I have to
come home and write and record a rap
song no no no what I say not a victim of
my day is he's a blessing so we go well
not a blessing this this right here this
not this it's all mental
I just finished shooting with dub for
not gonna shoot for my channel today
because I just want to see more of him
in my life or I took too long I'm sorry
no it's payback
I don't know not about but it is one
something after : Ryan recorder is one
it's almost 1 something I have to write
required rap song feels like can we
please do the part for my review another
side really I just want some more time
I'll take that so what tomorrow night
tomorrow night or Sunday morning we'll
see where I go to Trinidad oh yeah see
this is us I'd be lying if I said I
wasn't super stressed right now the time
is 1:30 a.m. I gotta get a seven to
shoot
this song that I haven't record yet
what's stressing me out probably the
most is this situation here and then
this he'll have to record in there so
hours Monday sometimes what you'll have
a certain amount of hours is be on
Facebook take that soon count know how
to pop up with two minutes later the
previous clips have changed how much you
wanted a.m. yeah you got a red record a
rap so what you acting like you haven't
done this before Lilly you actually like
your career wasn't based on a foundation
of all-nighters and pulling through in
situation like this why you trippin dawg
it's gonna be hard so what you can
retire for one day who cares I'm gonna
do this I'm gonna kill this let's go
okay I took a two-hour nap for EM if I
guess in two hours I can see for another
hours that's a go here we go okay six 12
a.m. and I think I have something is it
the best I could have possibly done
truthfully maybe not but the magic of
this is that if I capture enough b-roll
I can change lines here or there having
said that there's some really goddamn
witty lines on this and maybe I'm being
too tough on myself let's see how we did
today
what chuckwei Lily and recently um I
believe myself record the song but I
have to end the vlog real cool not be
uploader contest and I'm not going to go
back to sleep and less my team drives
and I sleep in their back seat to a
studio but it's okay
Sunday's are these types of days some
days you gotta just put in a little bit
of extra obsessive work and I think
you'll turn really really great because
the production value behind what I'm
what to shoot is just and that concept I
really like as well as up til tomorrow
we when I can take it out if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe okay
I talked about this I said I'm carrying
all these cares like I'm a vegetarian
forgot that that's there and I have to
record there just to the right to the
right
everything ignored when I go to the
right
this is delirious Lily no bra the sun's
just no
