yeah looks like nobody sealed okay ready
ready guys good luck happy weekend
although when you're watching this it's
Monday so Oh blood a good time we hustle
hard balls new do some good in the world
this weekend because here is the mission
for Saturday and Sundays you going to
the carnival of love doing merch photo
shoot hey Eddie script one two having a
barbecue with my friends men and here's
the thing about the mission by now you
see the missions every single day you
probably go caring at all yours in the
same day the mission the point of the
mission is simple to not just do these
things to get them done is to do these
things and do them well so the mission
is like your if you did something you
just check it off it teach you conquer
it or did you survive it how to be a
boss so just survive conquerors were to
conquer every single thing on our
mission up first just in carnivals yeah
you know
misako looking like a sweeter tape okay
okay just luck with her heritage that
means one thing it's photo shoot
beautiful girls I've ever seen in my
whole life roll up you a show
yeah I'm nothing like that video y'all
be saving the world up here
they look so adorable good Percy
receiving love positivity at the bright
side
so what's gonna happen is there's a line
about people over there every volunteer
gets a sign one person and we have to
take them to the carnival and basically
ask them what they need like do you need
socks to do jackets do the haircut and
then they have all this stuff available
for the people to help them out super
dope girl loves booth is all about
sending mails so to family members that
you may have lost touch with or birthday
cards to people are just sending word
out to your loved one that's a girl and
spewpa smell it's gonna pay for your
mails we send out but there's so many
other awesome boots here
Brogan how long have you been in the
house 3 seconds Shane ha ha that was so
lovely Justin such a phenomenal human
being I'm so inspired by him he's such a
great testament to the fact like you can
care about something and do something
about it so wonderful what you're gonna
stay longer but I have all these moving
pieces today I have a shoot for some new
merch and you're gonna see the first
things those are new more just new
colorways things exciting the most
emerge you know shoes have drum
colorways with the different color ways
of merch I love it so three things one
is the pink girl love swept technically
already in existence you could have got
it but there was no like photoshoot
promotions of it so you can get this
second you prime Valentine's Day the
hustle harder hoodie is in this fire
baby pink that everyone legit on my team
died over then yes I'm not sure but
we're working on we're gonna work on
getting this red hustle harder so their
hustle harder colorways but this is not
a hoodie it's a long sleeve because
everyone loves the boss long bleep so
much so this right here is the
Valentine's Day collection you can get
your bitch just saying when soon but I
will say these ones will be limited
because of the limited colorway
Real Talk though you're a girl and you
want a Valentine's Day gift for your guy
or you want to like eat more chocolate
in since Taylor started wearing this
sweater mad girls are all over Taylor
I'm just saying
girlfriends enough that want girls all
over your men's and stuff but I'm just
saying if you wanna be more chocolate in
real men go realistic to fire sweeter
ting models right here exhibit a Exhibit
B and show you some Valentine's they
love you I bet you they're never even
celebrate Valentine's Day once in their
life what's gonna be first time so
here's the thing we must not going to
explain to what all of my murse shoot
our buck
but inclusion I always want my merch I
personally don't care if their models
had something with real people because
real people wear my merch it has to be
about inclusion so like in all the
pictures outside people are like
connected and touching so sweet love
inclusion so today for Valentine's Day
we believe that it doesn't have to just
be like you know up during Valentine's
Day you always see like male-female
couples header so we're gonna do lend me
a couple vibes yeah I know other couple
of Ives we got ahead with everyone
inclusion one love I want everyone to
feel like you know yeah I thought of a
ting was like I'm here because you said
I could teach you like a coconut oil for
you today I say a butter to preview
trying to shoot somewhere far out here
I'm like okay I'm like don't get mad at
me my youtube channel is Shane Dawson
when you thought you're gonna be a model
but you put the work
bring are you gonna thought like that
Sacco has moved even further away and
that's a wrap we got the read also
harder we got the baby oh yeah we've got
the girl lover comes beautiful people
beautiful people
goodnight see you tomorrow
Oh happy Sunday it's time to prepare for
a barbecue hi let's do this all make
some bomb F and strawberry daiquiris
ready for you ready for a gun
fantastic people okay good look at the
chef of the team you do that again mama
time it's time for stranger things just
finished season one of stranger things
the second time it is so adorable seeing
my mom so invest in the show every time
an episode and she's like fine next one
so we do it I love it where's dry season
two tomorrow I have a shoot tomorrow for
two videos I have zero scripts written
but I was like yo whatever later call
time will wake up tomorrow pay the price
for my fun today it's fine for write two
scripts in the morning but for now let's
see how we did
you
wait why think so right now today in new
videos to be posted on my main channel
no pregnant Lee what happened
say you fell no weight but then she'll
say how'd you fall on your neck Oh Lily
gonna do stay tuned and make sure you
let me know during super 62 vlog fan
sent you cuz that's always if you like
vanilla blog fam sent you I'll be
showing you some extra love and tell
them mm-hmm
if you like it subscribe and you like it
subscribe hey yo as per usual if you
guys are interested in getting the
Valentine's Day exclusive a merch make
sure you follow Lilly Singh fans on
Twitter because you know i'ma hit y'all
with a Valentine's Day discount Cole why
pay full price your team super og
you deserve a discount so go ahead and
follow that up if you want and if you
don't okay
