it is before 10 a.m. and I am up I'm
changed I missed the old Lily good
morning everyone my face it don't clap
you guys I'm still kind of sleeping but
I love early because we have an exciting
shoot today is for my channels not for
another company or challenging so I
could tell you it as well I'm sad if I'm
going to maybe I'll just give you really
really obvious in if you know me as a
person you'll figure it out like this
we'll see we're really really excited
about it and it's really fun and I'm
fangirling a nerd I got about it but
here is the mission for today you today
we got to have question it is gonna be
about 7 8 9 hours long I'm turning to
various characters for after that I to
come home I have to send those emails I
did not send yesterday like level two
massive emails after that I do have to
tweak one of the scripts I wrote and
possibly shoot the Ranford
I honestly don't think that's gonna
happen movies and then after that I
might assemble my bookshelf
we'll see aside from that I just want to
kill my shoot and have fun because I've
actually been like having this idea for
a year and I'm executing it now so I
sort of like live in the moment and
enjoy the shoot sorry I'm a little
sleepy so so I all comments are going to
be like your voice fun fact people meet
me at meet and greets the most
commenting this way to music one you're
so short - oh my god you look tired and
three oh my god Nick and so second - I'm
just like no I actually feel great I
think she's my face self-esteem
plummeting let's go today's shoot or
would you sleep nope
no there's something really weird about
me I don't really usually care about
material things I really like my car and
it's not even because of the type of car
how my car makes me feel and before that
sounds like deranged nish it's not the
type of car
it's how driving makes me feel I am
heading to the studio and my whole team
is heading there but they're always like
so do you enjoy with us you know I Drive
alone and they asked us because I
actually really like having some alone
time the certain things driving is one
of them like I find driving very
relaxing and remedial and I like to play
some Bob Marley and drive as we love my
thought and for me it's like a form of
meditation so I just really liked on my
car loves me to do that so I'm driving
alone by choice and my hands are really
driving to solve that problem right now
not because I'm doing this we'll be able
to stop recording because my hands will
have lotion all over them someone think
is what they also say real quick we're
in is cool ring mr. Cate gave it to me
one of my character is going to wear it
this lamb wearing it I'm also that
person doesn't care what kind of lotion
I'll put it all over my face and hands
then I wonder why I have simples good
talks videos even more important to me
because Ashley's here cuz I don't trust
myself Ashley by my hair oh my god what
a fun song it's a new moon I expect
nothing less from you nothing will
happen serve you we're shooting a dope
video and it's VidCon right now I was
going to VidCon on a lot of you were
really bummed that I wasn't able to go
to VidCon I had said it because I
haven't treated a Tundra prep for things
before I go to Trinidad and Bank videos
and that is true I don't want to get
into the details I'm but exuding
positivity and promoting what I love not
bashing word I hate but I will say I
love all of you at VidCon I love me to
my fans at VidCon I've had great
experience that could come before all
I'll say is I'm a woman of principles
and values and I just felt like this
year my values not aligned with some of
the values that were presented to me
they're going to VidCon and so just know
that if I ever make a decision to not go
somewhere dozen never
or because I don't want to meet youth
never because I want to set you isn't
ever because I don't want to hug your
face it is because as a human and me
personally I have to love myself and our
self-worth and believe in certain things
and hold true to those values and some
things were a little questionable which
is why I'm not this I hope you respect
that I hope you're not mad and I hope I
get to meet you at another time
capisce Hey Hey look so funny and weird
is it fun for you actually
it is oh my god who is this pretty
blonde we're shooting with oh we're
shooting in the valley so you had to put
on the blonde wig though racist what one
popcorn so we're done today's shoot and
I'll have a makeup wake so now I'm
driving home like this and I think
people are gonna highlight me like
you're what's up sexy nontheless well
somebody's so yeah all day no you know
quality of my sight
mmm I like my mouth along here you know
what's up papi you know I like
everything the skin right there you know
how realistic is a sundae you know I'm
sooo slow stop stirring right emotional
HR oh is this caution tape how cute
welcome to me interviewing myself on the
girl upset going to be a sentimental
interview and even though I look like
this by words are very true whatever
wants to go super welcome to another
episode of girl love today we have with
us girl love ambassador and founders
really sing thank you for coming no
problem thank you I'm honored to be here
honestly it's a great cause wonderful
wonderful wonderful stuff what's going
on a song I don't know you know why do
you need feminism that's what that's a
really good question
we're talking a lot I need feminism
because I have a lot of strong
viewpoints and I'm outspoken and I'm
passionate about things and I feel like
the challenge of being a female creators
when you have a strong point of view
about something or you're outspoken or
you want to make certain jokes it's not
perceived the same way as a man were to
do it and this is coming from a genuine
spot even though I'm wearing a beard
Nicki Minaj said all the time she said
in one of her interviews she's like yo
if I go on set and want things a certain
way people call me a jerk they call me
stuck-up at home diva but when Lil Wayne
does and when Drake does it he's a ball
he's a man and I do have to say that's
why I need feminism because the moment
if you look at any of the videos
I hate of course you could say a whole
bunch of reasons maybe wasn't funny
maybe was roomy with this look anybody
as I have hey it's always because I'm
expressing some strong point of view
because I'm speaking how I actually feel
and I'm doing it unapologetically it's
why I don't need a relationship that
real so much hate me shame down racism
you need to play whatever you want but
always living is I have an outspoken
strong point of view or like no I'm not
backing down
Robbie I think this is what I think
you're going to change my mind on how I
think that now I'm going to tell you
straight up this is how I feel always
received always received more critically
then if possibly my male counterparts
were to do it not all the time I'm
saying if possibly because when you see
interviews and veneers of guys doing
things like your old man right there see
he knows what's up everyone listens to
him you the mother friend ano that's
what what the second Fievel does it
she's not problem something stuck up or
blush need to get laid yo Scott girl
never know that's why I need feminism
we'll talk interview with Lilly Singh
thank you so much for being here today
those are those water really really good
words where where can people find you um
youtube.com especially Singh or Superman
watch the channel as well that's a wrap
that said yo I tried I'm kind of rusty I
don't know I'll try to do all charities
one love super dupe dupe complicated
what's up we heading home I'm not going
to actually look good I was so excited
about though but I'm a little bummed
because I had so much anxiety and stress
and things on my mind and I couldn't
actually enjoy it 100% which is kind of
a bummer because I was in for this video
for like a year but I have another one
I'm shooting on sour that I've also
written a year ago it's like a themed
week I'm trying to do and I'm gonna try
to be in a better mindset for that and
maybe try to be a little more organized
I have this thing right you with my too
much data Powell with them
seldom are things people's fault I don't
believe in like this is your focus
everything has like a reason you know
when Ron said if someone's doing their
job I understand as a leader to not go
do this better I understand that's why
why couldn't you do this better let's
talk about those reasons and address
those reasons and I'm talking so much
sentimental things with a beard but it's
true look I just thought it wasn't
organized and everyone was all over the
place and I'm like hey guys I wanted all
over the place I was really stressed
about it but I recognize that you're all
doing a hundred things and so it's no
one's fault but the next shoe I want
ever to have one job and then do that
job and all of you have the right to
stop things if your job is not being
addressed not being you know done
properly that way doesn't turn into a
hot F in that
so these are the minds not just blaming
there's no point of that but thinking
about why right thinking about how to
actually problem-solve is the key that's
what I try to do and another thing I do
is I don't blame myself when I was like
okay what can I do differently to enable
you to then do your job better you got
to put yourself in other people's shoes
that's what I tried to do but know about
me I'm sweating my beard is wetting we
go drive home Pope is like shopping my
head hurts so my brain is doing that
thing again where it's like exhaustion
it's like no no no no don't go ahead and
start writing rap song I just do right
now so my break is going to be to
assemble this bookshelf now I bought
this bookcase but it's really really
cool it's like from a designer now I
splurged a little bit but it's so cool
to just statement piece I think a
bookshelf and the shelves are like
balancing in a really interesting angle
so looks like it should fall but it's
not going to fall over my writing room
I'm thinking it might look look look
right there a statement piece let's see
just realize something I ordered this my
writing room so now I don't believe the
color is going to go with this room
Gray's whites and blues and I don't
think this is going to go crap might
have gone the writing room as intended
back well no I don't feel like it goes I
also hate that that subwoofers there but
I don't think it goes does it right he's
gone the writing with a hook out of
place to be one the writing room said
anyone the writing room oh okay I filled
it with books because the decision has
been to paint it even though the color
palette I want is actually available on
the website to ship it all this from
Columbia should go all the way back
there to get on some way more
sensibility that's fun to paint it so
why did I feel looks push once you're
out looks but also here's what I'm
thinking the outside of it will be like
this light gray and the inside of it
will be that yellow which is annoying
because they literally have that exact
color palette available on the website
but it's okay because we're painting
we're gonna paint great when you walk in
I think that's kind of fun
I think it's fun okay it is 11:30 in my
head is pounding
Marilu Henner slot and his rival and
maybe sleep oh dammit my eyes socket ah
it's time to sleep my hurt so so so much
let's see how we did today
let's talk Lilly gonna do most of this
my eyes closed uh thank you for joining
me on today very productive day I
haven't decided if I'm going to leave
the clips in from the shoot or not if
you've seen them then you probably guess
what I'm doing is I took them out then
my bad
how about a bed cuz I don't know oh my
until tomorrow
if you like it was good if you liked it
subscribe thank you for all the love my
latest video if you want to watch it it
is down there it is a types of people in
the shower my last vlog is right over
there those men's work on your phone
Oh free yes I'm in frame I thank you for
listening to my brain exploded it in
many many ways my favorite thing about
the vlog channel you just like my
friends and stuff
