it's the first day of summer which
doesn't really matter gonna live in LA
and every day of summer I waited my
whole life to say these words not the LA
parts of summer part good morning the
time is 12 something I'll go up a little
while ago but you know my rule I try not
to vlog before breakfast when I'm home
because I want a breakfast to myself and
kind of connect with me and not view in
front of the camera soon as I wake up
and that's how I start my vlog feeling
refreshed and awesome or these I try how
are you today hope you're wonderful I
should forget whatever is happening
today whatever might be bothering you
because it's your chance to turn it all
around or we can do it together we got a
packed pack today
here's the mission mm-hmm I've ever seen
meeting or you did it give me the point
after I script one script to shoot rent
one to rent to shoot something on a
green screen and then send a massive
amount of emails aside from all of that
I really want to focus today I know I
tried to do this everyday but I really
really want to focus on today is being
positive because last night I went to
bed feeling a little negative and I woke
up this morning being like uh kind of
not my most enthused cell someone really
focus my energies on being positive I'll
tell you why my retina saw something
beautiful happened this morning I woke
up and texted useless being like hey you
are really bad that last you missed and
we have this great bonding moment when
we feel closer to each other than ever
from alkali last night I felt like crap
because there's so many negative
comments uncle I assumed you knew we
were so rude it was so harsh and açaí
so you know though being not nice
comments to read I was like oh my god
those common convinced me that Yousef
was mad at me and so I talked in the
morning and I was just so sad and that
something so beautiful was perceived as
so negative online where I think maybe I
did come across I was dirty to the point
and very harsh that the last room was
called comfortabe has himself it
definitely wasn't my intention and house
work this morning and he was like you
know what up son I'm so glad that
happened
so glad we got talked about and now
we're like really really close and so
beautiful and I wish that the comments
section of more positive realizing that
something beautiful came out of two
friends being honest but you can't win
them all and then that got me thinking
maybe feel a crap I was like yo listen
I'm trying new things with my content
I've done the ask superba live where
I've answered my favorite color and how
I started you do and why call my husband
broman I put a lot of energy and effort
into this use of live stream are really
dug into his tweets and why he does what
he does and my intention was not to be
rude or harsh I'm sorry if I came across
that way or rather yeah I don't even
know a positive warranted because he
doesn't feel that way but I trust in you
and something elected some people hated
it and that is okay it's okay
in fact maybe it's a good chance for me
to reflect on how I communicate that I
don't some people like through moving
your pen too much you're cutting them
off you're saying AHA my you guys are
really going in on me but that's okay
because I kind of went it on him - so
I've accepted it it's fine
I tried something new for those you
liked it thank you so much if you didn't
take that l and then we move on with
positivity because it's just so
beautiful just one of the main uses how
to honest conversation and it has always
been in my senses having a huge fight in
the past where I feel the articles we
used to be and I think that lies can
completely remedied it and was both
really really healthy and good for us
and made it so good so that's the
possible situation and if somebody don't
like it I apologize
and hopefully like some the other stuff
I make like the script I'm about to
write today do it so my team and I are
prepping for this video and I'm so
excited yay I'm so excited what the
content of water or buying cross and
suffer a numbered yoke but go to the car
things I'm not going cuz that's
comparing to do but like I'm willing to
spend money on this video because I'm so
excited about it my chief self was like
you can splurge on this one also huge
shout out to Derek Pueblo over here oh
thanks I just ran all the best for
shooting a whole bunch of my videos
he keeps flying from Utah to shoot my
videos he does a great job and he's very
patient when I act like a brat I try to
go fast
I try but it's okay because he's trying
to make it look good I'm also gonna give
Derek lessons on how to speak to girls
later on today so that's not to miss it
well I'm trying to talk to a girl to Jim
and not knowing how to I didn't try to I
wasn't trying to I got I got panicked
I'm not an expert
I've been single since the day I was
born tough but you've got more game than
me you're like on I might have more game
I was that born with that I think I had
game when I was like 12 then I got
embarrassed it knows young he says just
like smile a girl I saw her looking at
me I'd be like we get a replay of that
day multiple times I do want that shade
like five times in a row go yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah what a ruling process was
script one is done and now we're going
to be for me rascal - we're going to
shoot some green screen ish right here
boom boom pow no good parent G they're
moving for your life son Vega are those
your house shoes anti-energy horsies you
kind of jacked my Sabu glasses and
lectures you know in a Baltimore working
on a second script walking away for a
few minutes because my brain is just
like there's an actual representation of
inside my brain right now
so for a few minutes I'm going to be
here just to watch an episode Jane the
Virgin for a break and obvious whoa add
that more food as it is a grilled tofu
something cucumber soft bread oh and did
you marinate an SMS and that's all is
the best quicker ice a little bit more
seasoned bokkeum only cookie on cookie
on tiny yo team super let me give you a
little sneak peek a sneak peek of an
upcoming but um G trap there's got my
inbox from Ali
already my spread and to note who walks
on water
yes the water is it Noah the motors I'm
not familiar she's calling her mom yeah
be happy my entire yoga I will my earth
I know I specify mom hi mom research
that goes into my videos Jia Jia what
point do the point for Moses 0.09 an
offensive everywhere what's happening I
woke her mom up to ask her the question
557 Anthony my quandary under the knob
or Yankee investigate what you can see
athlete walk down right side why did I
give his mother Donald Ott's not wear
pants when he comes out the shower he
wears a towel accurate I'm about to get
in the shower understand I come with me
I wish that was quick babe but no my job
just does that we're ready shout at me I
look like a nigga but I'm not hahaha you
take your where she do rant first
because I realized my hair is gonna get
wet pray Pinky and the brain pinky and
the break one is bidding is and the
other dancing
green queen of making unrealistic to do
this because I haven't done very shot
but I want to just change some things
about it so it's not as a dire situation
sign I also didn't send those massive
emails cos midnight I got a wake-up
pretty not pretty early early like 9:00
tomorrow because we have a shoot at a
green-screen always one I just kidding
it's one so what I'm thinking right now
is my room is a disaster
as you can see haven't unpacked yet
drawer of my life but I'm thinking of
calling tonight maybe going to a few
emails drinks and they never memorize a
few lines which was video in another
language hint in so I'm gonna take some
time to do so my focus on that and call
a night yeah no yeah no so that cut
inside my mouth here you know what I
think I memorized other language it's
tough it's rough but I did my phase one
memorization tomorrow morning I'll try
to go over it the more they say for
tomorrow shoot I like to show you a lot
of it cause I want to be surprised but
I'll take along the journey I'm in
control the shoot so I can show you what
I want to show you it's like anyone else
going to tell what to do chill don't be
late for now I think even going to get
everything done because that to-do list
oh we did do a lot of things today and I
also just wash my face and I'm gonna
promise face masks will give me the
bonus points but I didn't get points for
the emails I didn't get points for a
second rant I will say I did get points
for being positive the day started off a
little bit heavy doing positive I Know
Who I am as a person I know what I
believe in that's all that matters
investing will make that falter and I
stand by that let's see how we did today
but stop ready thank you for joining me
on today thank you super shoutouts to
all of team super that like DNV
throughout the day I think they saw the
comments on the livestream going try and
make me feel better very sweet but I'm
completely fine I am positive I anything
got a friend back and doesn't matter
exciting content coming is it real it
also doesn't know on the 23rd humble is
you up in hell if you don't know that
put in your iCal right now it's gonna be
a long on writing I'm weird at time 2
sweeps Adele tomorrow who cook if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe yo for those of you that are
in Trinidad I got to tell you there were
some more changes to the show
there's not one show it's been combined
all the information you can get from the
promoters it's not my ideal situation I
don't want to say too much on the matter
but you live and you learn and I'll do
better next time maybe I'll play better
one day
