morning good morning I woke up at 10:30
a.m. I already had breakfast I had some
eggs with hashbrowns and vegetables so
that was Nick and it's not even Diwali
what a nice video reference and we're
wondering what that or honestly might be
like yeah that that seems pretty normal
where you have a great day Jay here in
the mission viewers we're gonna finish a
video I have a video shoot for my
channel today I pour them that video is
from Monday by the way business Friday
after that I can collapse own else's
channel have to say to see who that is
it's coming to my house after that I
have to sign the remainder of the books
I have here on my house is a few boxes I
still send out both boxes where sell
them to some special people at some
point I need to unload my laundry's my
mom did bring my dryer like since I
landed and I can keep wearing the same
pants every single day so I should
probably that obviously those are my
emails I have to spend one creative for
something I'm trying to do with someone
cool and then I have to schedule someone
strange not have to want to schedule
some inspiration maybe watch a movie
watch the shows do something bye guys
are writing scripts again tomorrow
sighs mall that's a great day sun is
shining I'm feeling good are you feeling
is that feel good to take a moment let's
proceed with positivity and the utmost
possible first I think is finish getting
ready how embarrassing of Meola all
right so I was gonna active no mustache
on me I'm thinking what with the
character because I actually just make
up the characters as I go I think it
kind of what I want the character be and
then I'm doing someone new like right
now I just stand in from the mirror and
literally just do random crap so I feel
like I'm someone else and right now I do
totally a lot of people ask me how I do
when you test here right it's actually
funny things run special art attack of
Neill booking in back in the day you
only taught me that if you old a pencil
at the tip like this
you all have much control over it so if
you're drawing trees or anything else I
need to kind of not perfect to do that
so I just basically like this and I hold
an egg like this so I don't have that
much control and I little just clean the
brush and because I'm not really
controlling it and not trying to make it
perfect it starts to look I checked it
Thanks Art Attack is going to be an
awesome
tandem discuss evil I will be around for
the entire natty finished shoot in one
video I haven't done the ramp portion
but I have done the skip portion which
is all I need to do because there's
gotta go shoot something else do the
round portion later on tonight but now
I'm waiting for the Prince to go to my
house I can clap with them in the person
Anthony Padilla yes as I said to dilla
yeah yeah well people say Fidelia and
like were that second I was like a
zombie sound like he's here Jeff
something really fun for my yep
yeah his world for my world sorry
Padilla channel okay it says I have best
interviewer shirt and I'm gonna force
you to come back to my house next week
so to my channel good so if you want to
see us do something particular comment
down below but he's adorable
he's so handsome and funny stories is an
actually true story the oh geez know
destroyed for a Tyra and oh my we were
in Europe weirdest real thing I'm so
embarrassed is the real semester we're
in Europe and were there for Kentucky
trip and he arrives late so he was just
on the bus one day and I was like good
guy looks familiar and this is like
evidential I didn't know anything and I
went up to many actually said this I was
like do you know what that guy's and
Smosh yeah we thought that for real we
were in the bus and I was like oh my god
I think she's joking but I can't tell so
Joey was sitting behind us and I was
like oh my gosh she thinks I look like
the guy from Smosh me was like what no
no I was joking but I was not then he's
long and be like I am the guy from Tosh
I was like I am so damn embarrassing
guys are you cried a little bit I was
really embarrassed you played it off
well though you're like oh I know of
course you're that guy from finally
running down your face
I felt so bad so I want to apologize for
not knowing he's great he's awesome and
yeah look at the husband kid Ian :
oh yeah oh yeah yeah okay so Thailand
for the last 20 hours of talking to each
other by the way the amount of two
things for the last 20 hours and
conversations about everything it's sick
like that degree to which we like each
other the way I like you and
the creator which we learned each other
quite reasonable questionable bio you
know this if you don't Sonic wale or you
don't
I mean I don't know why you were calling
qual name exciting happen in his life
but what happened I did it it was just
me I got engaged
oh my god we were together show them
show that for real okay yeah I could see
can't even can't even handle it like a
treasure sadness that's why we flew back
from Singapore because we had this
enterprise and oh good of us a surprise
action yet to ruin the whole surprise
and figure it out true but we all
surprise him and he got engaged in he's
such an adult and then we had drinks
before noon correct I should when you
get engaged and then everyday following
that and you cry I shut up for you your
fiance that cat again I always deal with
you be the trash or car amazing and now
I will so real to the rest of my service
whatever breaks guys what do we do it
oh really good bars good punch two
videos today one for Anthony's channel
and one for mine I start to do the rant
for mine back into that another time
it's all good and now I'm eating classes
and rice had a team meeting which is
Gracia to team meetings today I'm going
to go through my emails send that
creative I have to do and then I start
our schedule from inspiration someone
watch some TV after that first limo eat
little work inspiration how's your day
it's going good I think we're doing it I
doing I do I do with them say give me
the damn saying compete okey so it's
midnight I've done some house stuff
there's some posters I want to get to my
writing me now all right there I didn't
do my creative yet but I remember that I
finished doing my laundry check on my
laundry my clothes from the dryer so I'm
gonna do that because there's like like
three three loads of laundry whatever
what will what what I you know how I
like I don't know if you caught on to
this yet but I really enjoy human
behavior like I love watching people
take selfies and I love like getting
behind why people do things very amusing
to me affect like paying attention to
that also allows me to not take life so
seriously and that's how I deal with a
lot of like hate comments because I'm
like this is not about me this is about
I wanted to share one with you genuinely
this is not a front I'm just so abused
at the psychology behind this comment
gets underneath my Chelsea interview
there is a comment that says one of the
most genuine youtubers has 788 likes
very sweet house ago
wonderful I'm reading to reply and
someone so MIT
Ezra says for people that have lived in
and around GTA aka the Greater Toronto
Area / Scarborough my hometown
no she's cringe and here's where I find
this comment to music the psychology of
fumus or it's like I need to leave a
comment but to make it seem like my
opinion is more valid I need to make it
seem as if it encompasses everyone from
her hometown and we all share this
common opinion because I know MIT have
gone around and surveys every person in
Toronto we all not just me we all agree
she's cringed so even the people that
stopped Lilly non-stop when she goes
shopping her hometown that take selfies
with her those people think she could
snow the high school I went to in my
home town that I went on tour in and I
will know screaming and losing their
minds those people they think maybe I'm
crazy my family that lives in the home
test
they also according to some with I am
crazy this so goddamn I'm using I cannot
people fascinate me so much gods out one
day I also can have the opinion that so
many other people share I would say that
you're annoying but I can't say I guess
unless I go to your hometown also and
survey all of those people as well okay
I'm sorry for saying your name but you
have truly truly made me title to it
then all my clothes are put away and all
of my socks came out of the dryer
matching like all of them matched there
wasn't ten extra random socks I don't
know where they came weird right
am i lucky they're all right now I am
pooped just go to all my emails my inbox
is at zero sub 1:30 a.m. or something
and I'm going to go to sleep because I'm
so sleepy
into that creative thing I think it's
okay if I do tomorrow's it's Saturday
anyway so there's one thing I didn't do
I have to wash my face
Oh fine done I realized that last clip
my makeup look completely smudge and you
didn't even tell me
come on I think we had a really
productive day let's see how we did
you
tae-suhk really loves order thanks for
showing your pictures but after bit
amusing they chose as the total
combination so many exciting things are
so many exciting things that I'm so glad
I get to share them with you tomorrow is
the creative day completely non booked
today we just write scripts and work on
Korea's because kind of like my schedule
is creative shoots creative students
criticize back and forth back and forth
so nothing will continue but a leisure
pace tomorrow and I really have to do
anything
inspirational today I guess it shows
everything that's actually scheduling
inspiration we had to talk and I learned
what everything you doing and so okay
tomorrow I'm going to scene I can see a
movie though because I do want to gain
some creative visuals in my left Cape
the entire alright no no cook cook cook
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
she says she wants a guy who can speak
another language like DeSaulnier I'm a
mother
Ephram Savage you must accept married
but let me tell you this when I hit it
playing tickets and it's going to bill 6
yo I'm really happy with the min-ji's
video you can see me at the link 4 is
right there
the last ones where the click it works
on your phone we all have to be on this
technology
