train job rickshaw ah good morning or a
rather good afternoon
I slept in so hard and it felt so good
there is no guilt in me I do not care it
was so needy and I feel more rejuvenated
than yesterday and I don't have that
much of a morning voice where yesterday
as well people were like I'm are you
Superman because my voice in the morning
is horrendous it'll be a wonderful
glorious day I am so excited about how
productive I'm going to be I feeling
just excited for the ability and
opportunity to create the day I want to
create and I'm going to create it well
here is a mission for today resume first
and foremost that a healthy breakfast
guess what did it I have to write two
scripts minimum today
today at some point get this you're in
for this get this I'm gonna work out I
try but I don't care what it is I don't
care how I do it somehow some way I'm
going to work out I want to do a lot of
strategy and scheduling for superwoman
today and I'll tell you more about that
a little bit I want to do a little bit
of house stuff whether it's ordering
things online or just working on my
writing room a little piece by piece
could remind her I'm not done my house
yeah aside from all of that I want to
get all of the extra bonus points I can
get in today's game of life because my
only goal to be better than I was
yesterday and yes now is pretty good but
today we gonna be better let's make this
dumb most poor doctor drive are what's
popping I'm here doing some work in my
writing room and going through my email
and I got it emailed I want to share
with you I know between has a bit of an
echo by the way sir and there's not much
furniture to absorb the sound wave but I
look into some emails about book sales
and I had to just leave a shout out
because I see the us members of 10
numbers the UK all the stuff and I got
to say one of the top numbers and like
I'm used to the US only the topic in
terms of like every subscribers in the
u.s. is usually at the top because
there's just so many people and they're
all connected to the internet and some
wings so the use is all but very very
close to the US this is a shocking
number
book sold India you killed it in terms
of people who bought heart of your boss
India is effing up there and I am
shocked by this number I can tell you
what it is I don't know if I'm allowed
to but India holy s been crap you
support how to be a boss so much and I
appreciate it
both both Suki
well I love you so much and this is why
I'm going to keep coming back and so
proud and humbled by all of you and not
even everyone in the world who knew
these numbers like every country
everywhere towards will also pour the
book so much I was so shocked by the
independent Berkeley I thought Akmal
mentis and glad to to all of you around
the world who support my book because
when I seen these numbers I'm like holy
crap on a stick I just do all of my
emails yay and novelists are creative
work but before I do that want to tell
you about something sorry about the echo
I am sorry to tell you and I'm
disheartened to tell you that there's
been some miscommunication I am actually
not going to be at VidCon I know it's on
their website and all that stuff I'm not
going to be there there was a lot of
miscommunication with the VidCon team in
my team about just events and stuff and
some weird stuff and I was like long
story short I'm not going to be at
VidCon because of some information I was
given that is not true and I'm bummed
because I know a lot of you were like
I'm going to see Superman VidCon I'm
actually going to be going to Trinidad
that weekend few days earlier for my
show and to shoot some things there so
I'm so sorry from the bottom I heart
regardless of why it happened and what
communication happen I know that's my
name and thus I am going to take the
blame on this and say I'm sorry for any
of you that thought I was going to
VidCon and we're excited for that simply
not true and I don't know how that went
into the universe as being true but it
is not and I am so so so sorry to
disappoint you but I'm shooting some
cool stuff in Trinidad so I hope that
makes up for it
one love completely for those on
actually massage in 20 minutes wide
midday because the migraines that are
happening every night I think of a huge
kink of my necks probably from planes
trains and automobiles what a movie
reference somebody a massage and we get
right back to work after I'm being so
productive my inbox is zero I have sent
a lot of emails I've learned at least
three new things since I last vlog
wonderful wonderful is to have a clean
my bottom shower real quick in gain
ammonia stretched out like dhalsim from
freaking street fighter if you know who
I'm talking about we can be friends oh
when the massage was lit when the videos
released when I did super 60 they were
like the video
feeling is good when Jesus officially a
rapper and you already know that but
amuse is gonna do one give us some time
watch this space let's get back to it
Oh gorgeous day the sun is shining so
making my ivory pretty no okay oh okay
what do I look like right now what it
look like I look like someone that
finished one script and it about to
write another word right now that's
right look like right now say I look
like Reina
Derek has this thing where he sits in
the dark I don't know why you're not
like like I don't know why what about
these lights okay so good is there a
reason why it's a little bit more Moody
Louise what I like side lighting for one
thing there's a soft light I don't
really like top lighting because it is
you do recognize who's shooting you
right now we're telling you right now
this is general ambience throughout life
alright that a little bit chilly who
turned off the heat what is it in here
is not 78 and I'm talking in Fahrenheit
god yeah
which one of you two turned off the heat
of course convenient cat got your tongue
metal huh I want to eat something change
environments I might just do something
as a break cause I've been sitting there
for so long upstairs on my computer and
your changing environment cuz my brain
started to go like what - the Hoonah
what I'm pretty much done my second
script I have like the outline and what
I want when you try and make it seem you
in a fat Cal the microwave want to eat
Russell I have it all laid out
essentially an on to format it into a
script and so in really really good
shape after I've done formatting that
script I'm going to send some level two
type you normalize a level to what I
mean is that level two of me giving
direction email and those are the type
of emails where my team is like oh not
in a bad way but level to emote like yo
that's this idea that's gonna require a
hundred hours of work level two
the end toastin meatball
okay we're gonna practice some
self-control while eating I'm gonna
watch one episode of something it
doesn't matter how it ends
I'm girl who dies what cliffhanger
happens one episode and we'll go back to
script writing schedule some inspiration
right now you know alright watched one
episode of girl boss which fun fact is
produced by ma boo Charlize is really
what fun is like rebellious I enjoyed it
and now one episode like I said we're
back to work Lego carry all of these
things something they make it done my
second script it was 11:10 p.m. I've
randomly been hit by a wave of like
intense sleepiness where I'm like what
make some fun because I slept Jane but
to wake myself up I'm going to mark
another thing off my to-do list and work
out a little moving sound like me will
just do it okay actually just slide down
for 10 minutes but now it now my work
I'm just gonna do a few sit-ups cue arm
thingies if you feel some thoughtful
solos on some have I no means worked out
a lot back a little and that's better
than nothing
so the one thing I'm bad at I mean do
little by little each day it's not a
competition I'm only competing with
myself I don't care if I can only do a
little bit Italy she had an arm workout
leg workout ready now I am tired and I'm
ready to go to bed it's actually not
that late you'll be very proud of me
we're 12:30 and my shoot tomorrow is at
11:00 which means I can wake up a little
bit before my shoot have some breakfast
and get prepped that is the plan
hopefully I don't wake up if we jet lag
doesn't wake me up and hopefully I can
fall asleep I think we did pretty good
today we did everything on the list so
always you want to do is health stuff
which I might do a little bit right now
as I'm falling asleep with everything
else so let's see how we did today
you
God thank you so much for joining me on
today great day release and also because
I'm so proud of that was like my
creative vision coming to life for more
than a year I shot that India thing more
than a year ago is very exciting for me
tomorrow I got video shoes and I got a
lot of fun stuff to do so I can't wait
for you to see them off of collabing
with some pretty cool people and I think
you'll be interested to that it also do
not do roll-up by the time you're
watching this June 2nd the month of my
career that show June 30th I got two
shows in Trinidad grab your tickets in
book.com slash torn because it all
marshal tea place one time both the line
and then tell them good if you liked it
subscribe if you liked it subscribe
honestly if you like it so proud also I
know you usually tell you don't care I'm
sorry the whole vlog which is in my
house I'm doing work but that's what I
didn't say I had a great day but I gotta
say they're doing some changes happening
right here this vlog Channel I'm working
on some stuff I'm cooking can you smell
what Lily is cookin stay tuned and eggs
hope it smells good
