guess who's back back back back again
get get Lily back back
but tell a friend or don't good morning
I feel like I have returned after 84
years really it's been like three or
four days but 84 years is what is felt
like thank you so much for your patience
as I have just not uploaded vlogs or
videos after 20 days a few days to
rejuvenate and get it together and relax
we'll get more into that but let's hop
right into today's mission because I'm
ready to be positive AF today's mission
is I got to get my hair and makeup done
why because I'm going to be on the
Chelsea Handler show today which I'm so
excited well I've never met Chelsea or
you do have a few mutual friends so
excited about that after that I had to
come home and record a rap song final
version of a rough song already have for
tomorrow's video more to come on that
after that I acted with all of my emails
it's like quicksand
it's quicksand and they're my arms what
am i embossing is like after that I do
need to write two scripts for my video
shoot tomorrow so to complete scripts
need to be done no and ifs or buts that
I need to pick up my baby bro Alma from
the airport because we're coming to
visit I'm going to make sure I eat three
meals today breakfast lunch and dinner
like a healthy person aside from all
those things everything else is gonna
sweer going to get all of the points
today we're going to kill it and be
present we're going to be happy we're
going to be healthy first let's go eat
some breakfast breakfast Bobby can let
me tell you why I was looking so forward
to this I was telling Abril so last
night out of five years two reasons one
jet lag it is real and two I woke up
with the worst migraine literally of my
entire life I know that sounds dramatic
but I don't remember a time my head has
ever hurt more than it hurt this morning
Fi I woke up and I felt like there was a
knife in my brain just slowly cutting
out a rusty knife from the 99-cent store
I was sitting in water I just can't
express because I woke up and I stumbled
down the stairs and took some medicine I
just sat by the sink trying to throw up
it didn't work i lathered my neck and
shoulders and tiger balm but really I
probably smell like I took a battement I
swear to God and it hurts so much I was
waiting for two hours just head pounding
worst pain of my life I'm better now
I was like so close to calling be like
let's just you know I might be crawling
into the studio right now but I couldn't
do that cuz fun talk my team I mean I'm
also very sad to meet Chelsea but Kyle
and the rest of my team live in their
best life this is the best thing I could
have possibly ever done for them we like
Chelsea look welcome here also Ashley
released her first ever YouTube video I
sure did
and it's a healing makeup video and she
has a spoken word piece behind it
working to see adoption it's on Ashley
joy back so this is the first time
tomorrow what she means is youtube.com
slash Ashley like um it's on the adult
computer it's on Google
 you give it to me here okay so many
things are happening I've been away for
three days and everything is just so
exciting I know it looks like I'm naked
but I'm not teamwork make the dream work
we are heading there I just kind of want
to throw up because my post migraine
symptoms but we're going to hold it
together this is the vibe their stylist
killers trying to picture and I'm just
not was injured all right and then top
what you're doing right now
I'm going through little of exercise at
the end of the chapters I'm going to ask
Chelsea to just use them alive for
things like those two things I've
dressed you up discretize you eliminate
those dresses things I find the best
ones you over on the spot a little bit
usually having circled another right now
that is talking about PP hey I'm back
home that wasn't really funded
interesting a little bit nervous in
Chelsea show because it's on Netflix and
so there's no like she can swear she can
say whatever she wants and in that sense
were such opposite actually preserve
she's just like says whatever she wanted
it's really really cool it's all torn
off a little anymore really well but
definitely were getting a little bit
like trying to gauge what the situation
was but she's lovely and we have a
common friend Charlize that's how we
actually got introduced to each other
Charlize introduced her to me and I
became even more familiar with Chelsea
through Charlize as well so a lot of fun
I'm not
I wasn't 100% come on buddy shining down
my migraine was so rough this morning
and there's a spider outside my window
my room is so rough this morning I don't
know my body is really just shutting
down now I'm trying what to do and how
to deal is that also my stomach might be
feeling really for one other reason now
I will tell you why should we I'm
pregnant
okay I don't care if you believe that
what you think I'm friggin Gina
Rodriguez and Jane the Virgin calm down
when the artificially inseminated god
damn tomorrow
videos releasing as my dad was a rapper
and it's almost done but I gotta
rerecord one of the songs I'm the one
because I recorded in a hotel room into
the rough I burped and it was internal
so now I all gasp inside me I'm so
attractive
I gotta rerecord it because the hotel
recording obviously wasn't that great
doesn't have the studio quality of my
closet go ahead - by the way I just want
to point out doing the rap songs Edmund
G really hard really we got to get Saxon
because I'll start rapping then I'll
lose the accent I'll start sounding
almost Frank so you really I just do it
as Lily I try to go over as when G this
is it scoffs this was Lily's lunch is
that you want to be healthier so I
thought I'd get her a good like you know
after lunch dessert snack when the stars
align perfectly you like yo tomorrow my
jeeps releasing his first musical track
look who's in town early derive a rose
you know what's up you already know he's
an OG so talented he's cleaning up the
tracks right now from Wendy how do you
think Wendy do a good job this guy he's
a guy he's the guy he's got the vocals
he's got some major Keys legit vocalist
all right good let me peek and he's done
it
on condition what our friends I just
eating dinner
go ahead let me say I had leak and
mushrooms and forbidden rice men were
wondering what the f are you talking
about fry remember how I said in my last
vlog that I want to keep better and take
care of myself
I have higher splurged on that and put
my money and invested in myself I've got
the chef that has cooked me healthy
meals for five whole days and this is
how it goes down so everything is
labeled and whole-wheat and very good
and very awesome and it's wonderful so
far it's been so good I've liked almost
every single meal but so even want that
I've been a little bit so everything has
been so so great so I'm investing in my
health and my stomach is feeling some
type of way and it might be because like
I'm not eating processed foods and
crafts my stomach's like give me a
cupcake I know who seeks to do that you
want to come let's appeal farmer from
the airport look at some little nugget
hey no drinkie by the way I've got time
I checked all of my emails Chris you can
check that off list I haven't done my
scripts yet that's gonna happen but
first Cooper is my baby bro and he
brought me a quick Dover's because team
jab a drum I was like last night I'm
reliable to see that I use like yo do
using in Toronto I'm like and like a
drum and he brought me a drum I woke up
this morning and I'm needed like I
actually had to put together thanks
thank you so - I have a Jerome I think
it was going down
we get a replay of that super white
reaction assessment
you're about to learn a lot about me as
a person as you see my friends
everybody's having a bachelor party here
why there's so many guys at my house I'm
getting married other choices wedding
soon you'll see that in a blog as well
he lives one minute away from me relax
Ronald first friend at university to say
go that you know how you know is it's
too shy right here
you know Fred hey you know Fred hey hey
you know armored assault assault you
would all these guys know big kudos
they're all ex brothers their home is
from Toronto here visiting and I'm
hosting them it'll be a time I've done
all of my past except for it we'll talk
about that in a second
when you camel
it is way too late o'clock I will so
much feeling better and less woozy and
crappy and was before and I didn't tell
you all this I'm sorry I did it without
you it's a major thing I did it without
you I did it for myself I had to do it
but the rug has been rolled out are you
ready
look at it I never feel like it
compliment you think that's a mini nada
by the way that's the real Matta and
this is another cardboard cutout because
not a has a key to my place and this is
what she doesn't but what a blessing
alright let's go to bed it is like 4:30
I do not write with your scripts but
shoes - thank you felt like a little bit
of justification but it's completely
honest I did everything I supposed to
say to the Chelsea show hair makeup all
my emails picked up armor did all that
administrative work I need to do ate
three meals three healthy meals not
write to video scripts but here's the
thing I kind of don't care maybe ever
tomorrow's already done so my viewers
should tomorrow was to get you more
ahead but I just moved it to fry it so
one day further to give me another day I
was in kind of movie today kind of a
little bit but I had a lot of fun of my
friends and I was very glad to see them
because these are like my guy friends
from Toronto you know I'm watch old man
guy friends and it was really sweet
because we're having some loose
sentimental conversations about just
like our journey and they were saying a
lot of really sweet things about supona
my journey and it really really meant a
lot to me and it's like that kind of
priceless and irreplaceable I regret
nothing
I completely do not regret not writing
the script and instead doing that
because that's a rarity like this group
of friends probably not gonna come to LA
again ever and for me to see them all
spend time with them and hear the things
they had to say was really important
special to me so am I glad I kind of
sounds like a hassle but I like could
have to be honest as I didn't write the
to script I'm going to totally make up
for tomorrow and the whole day I'm
writing scripts and just going extra
super super macho hard and that is the
plan swapping to myself like an 80%
probably not gonna pass I think I need
to understand
including the zero to 100 I seize myself
ease myself back into hospital and for
this was you've won and tomorrow we're
gonna friggin hustle up and see how we
do
but wait I don't burn my house I showed
you this I might have completely showed
you but for good the wall of my writing
room it was dope wallpaper I fish
decorating this room but that's one
other time tom is a the person is
officially back when it's going to be
even more open tomorrow I promise well
they're back everything's back on track
in a few hours by the time you're
watching this Wendy's being a rapper is
going to relieve him a little sneak peak
name-drop is a shot whooping someone on
a Papa severing a reporter like hot hot
hot I'm suffering expect oh you're my
back stay tuned for that and when the
really conv with another vlog channel
thank you we are here we're late we're
going to be better and bigger on the
hustle like never before tomorrow I will
see you then piggy be me if you liked it
subscribe in your life if it's good
you know I love most of all morality oil
of Mosman have my own house is that
there's so much excitement I'm why not
armor Derrick and not are all physical
right for one big happy family with good
vibes making about all roles in just
creating stories and memories and
awesomeness I'm so glad you to come on
this journey with me
so thank you tomorrow on my workflow god
damn hard
