hello my name is Lily I woke up at 8
a.m. on vacations to shoot videos good
morning I am so tired why do I do this
to myself I do so myself because I like
this video idea they're going to shoot
the last music group from angie's today
in Singapore the weather is not great
it's very cloudy probably not the best
for shooting but I'm leaving tomorrow so
it's happening today it's only gonna be
like a 3-4 hours shoot and for the rest
today I'm gonna relax any fries and
drink cosmos by the pool hopefully it
doesn't rain there's a mission for today
you turning to munchies walk around
Singapore as emoji but he's also going
to go swimming finish shooting the video
and number the rest of dates relaxation
I know I'll have to go to emails and
stuff probably or honestly I might not I
might you be like the rest day of
everything I think that's what I'm gonna
do to be honest after all of that enjoy
my last day in Singapore sit by the
infinity pool reflect pause rejuvenate
so goddamn tie but we gonna make it
happen when Jude sang let's go
you ready be ready one love TV go
another one major key in the vehicle
hello
swapping salami everything is very
normal
down only track
come on to the elevator and the most
amount of humans got into the elevator I
was like Hello we're going up there on
that yellow walkway at the hotel and
we're trying to melt melting Java
submerged jeeps in here you should do my
music video good a time as a person just
envy but if you're going up there Mary
nah the handle is very booth if you like
my love for the ladies you know I'm the
one well they're never the only don't
you know pilots to jingle collie I am
the one for you
hello friends it's my first time going
swimming and swimming pool you know I go
swimming food once but that was only
millions listening to Kendrick Lamar
song so by the time I'm going to show
how my left stroke went awry Viper
revival 500
has a penis thank you can I get the
trophy
hold on my peepees very nice reliable to
wear my bra I don't support well
automatic our work is over I get 10
hours or so of vacation yes do I ready
for this cosmic joke of the century
disposition oh my geez a lot about the
pole star modification which an
aggregation the pool is temporary closed
because of the storm head if you can see
these clouds
what kind of cosmic joke hopefully an
hour opens again much taken our napping
it some room service come on vacation
whenever changes so there's nothing in
front of my windows literally the haze
like you just white when you look at
what is happening here let it pass let
it pass just because it's raining
outside does it mean has to be waiting
inside guys a fried rice that some
spring rolls by the way this is one
order of gulab jamuns now Indian people
you know that this is a ridiculous
amount of blood in one order one person
that's what you crazy I met her I took a
two-hour nap pulls so closed still
raining and now the Sun has gone down so
my chance of going in the pool has
disappeared I'm so sad he's I believe in
tomorrow morning and in that window of
time I changed from a Jeep into Lily
finished all my work officially the pool
closed I was I just wanted to have a
vacation for a little bit and I wanted
to sit on the edge of the pool like last
time I have a talk myself and rejuvenate
but that's a really stupid thing to
complain about because I didn't get to
sit on the edge of the infinity pool
it's just so the cosmic joke at this
point but it's fine it's cool I'm glad I
got to eat leads to the video I probably
would have been a lot more annoyed if I
was shooting is wengie conserve raining
and I couldn't finish that would have
been really annoying so he's blessing in
disguise look at the positivity the
glass and hassle I don't know addicted
to her or not but I had my alarm set on
for every half an hour
secretary weathers I really I've just
slept it interpretive over 30 minutes
ago I don't know what we're gonna do
right now we'll see maybe we want to
move into NZ Baywatch or fast a year
let me inquire just got off with
realization this is me you've been to my
show a non boss than half of their
energy complaining about the weather
well boss does something about it I just
called the pool is open it's still
raining
probably not hot outside I'm gonna go
swimming are what ah I'm going in the
pool ongoing the pool little brain ankle
stop me I don't think you with me that's
ok cuz about being present in the pool
here we go through the pool okay I
brought you along very clearly raining
Odyssey
in the pool they're also like your will
give up F and I'm not going to give an F
either I might have to keep you in like
under an umbrella or something okay cool
Carolina is pre freezing cold and now
just a shower and wash my hair and even
though the weather's crappy this is so
beautiful look kind of amazing that I'd
share some things with you some thoughts
I have working up with you what's
happening again students eat e good
hopefully don't follow if you do catch
you I want to like do a little
stream-of-consciousness talking and
today's vlog first off I know why it's
raining
I had shed a revelation and that's
actually really good that it's raining
because the last time I had one of these
talk it was real funny it was beautiful
I felt so rejuvenated and as a lesson
here is that you time me time okay time
for yourself and rejuvenation doesn't
need to be an ideal setting I don't know
why I convinced myself had to be on the
edge of an infinity pool in Singapore
with the sun shining - how I talk with
myself and reset myself and that's why I
ring to show like a zombie sunshine in
Bahrain sometimes it's still me to make
me time and settings are not going to be
ideal and guess what Abbas focuses on
what's in their control so that is a
last night takeaway from today I had to
child myself I don't feel completely
refreshed but that's okay because one of
the things I talk to myself about is
nothing so tough on myself all the time
and when I go back to LA I have a few
days or I'm not gonna do anything and
I'm going to just relax and rejuvenate
and when I say that I don't just mean
sleeping I don't mean watching Netflix
and YouTube I mean going for walks
closing my eyes listening to music doing
things to spiritually and emotionally
reset not just physically I think that's
really important post or is that tour of
course physically taxing with so
emotionally taxing like one of my
friends coming up to me - like how do
you feel your last show that's really
tough and I'm like yeah like even
chemically biology to have such an
adrenaline so many days in a row and ask
so many people and so many things that
go to zoom where you don't have that
it's tough to deal with it's tough to be
like mentally I feel like I'm not doing
anything like oh my god happened do
something I'll do a show like I my brain
doesn't know how to deal with not doing
that now there's a gun for two months
straight and some of the talks that I
had with myself was I've learned a lot
about myself in a really real way on
this tour and I'm actually going to
spend a little time right now making a
list of all the things I've learned so
that they don't disappear into the abyss
but what I think they learned is that
when it's okay to change like this tour
was really different from my first tour
and I think it's we need to accept that
humans get used to things and the first
tour I had was so exciting and this one
was also so exciting but little things
did change for example
be really really honest with you I have
in the past never really said no to
people who wanted pictures of me no
matter how tired I was matter what was
happening no matter where I was I would
always say yes to pictures I didn't do
that the store I did say no sometimes
and for so long as we never tries to
beat myself up about it being like
you're a bad person you're saying no to
your fans that one pictures with you
what is wrong with you and then a long
talk with myself and that I want to be a
thousand percent on at my shows and I'm
angry so when you're doing that every
single day I believe with that too much
of anything isn't good no matter how
good you think something is too much of
anything too much of love even too much
of water much of anything isn't good in
extreme amounts and so meeting a lot of
people every single day thousands of
people and sometimes when I got back to
my hotel I would need to turn off and I
did say no to send that I just want to
say this to you very publicly and be
very honest and say I've ever said no to
a picture it is never ever because I
don't appreciate you please don't make
that Association
it is never because I'm not thankful it
is never because I don't appreciate you
it's never because I want to hurt your
feelings or don't want to make time for
you it is solely for one of two reasons
number one is I am mentally exhausted at
that moment where for my mental sanity
and self-love I need to draw the line to
be like no just as a meet and greet
you're exhausted and you need to take
care of yourself right now if you say
yes to this person all these 20 people
around them are also going to want to
picture elbow you love them it's
important to love yourself so one is
because mentally I just don't want to do
that to myself because I do love myself
and the second reason would be it's just
not safe there's been a lot of times on
tours I don't even want to bring up the
things that have happened around the
world but there's been so many incidents
and I know none of you team super people
never harm me but sometimes it's not
safe for me it's not safe for you so
ever in a situation where I'm like no
this is not appropriate because that my
hotel or it's like a personal space of
minor there's too many people and we
don't know who these people are like
then I will say no and so I just want to
I learned that one myself and I stopped
beating myself up about that that
doesn't make me a bad person you know I
appreciate you and love you and
sometimes I have to say no and another
thing I learned about myself was that
some they want to improve on it I worked
really hard during this tour but
sometimes I think I was so tired that I
forgot to climb the ladder sometimes you
know sometimes I'd walk into venues
you'll get back as logs and things
weren't right and things were messed
and I kept telling myself well I should
have to deal with this like my second
tour now like this I want to be and
that's fine to have standards but I
still need to climb the ladder it's my
second tour but they're still gonna be
here cut and I want to remind myself of
that I need to climb the ladder for
bigger venues and for more staff and for
all of those things and I remember that
day I was even like really complaining
kindness about the audition tape I had
to do and I was like no but I have a
shorter this they wouldn't do an
audition tape and I was like a year ago
I would have done it without complain
and so I really am looking at myself and
being I don't forget to climb the ladder
and I think a big reason I struggled
with that is because I don't take care
of myself
and I know a lot of team supers read
thrilled to hear this but I can't be the
best version of myself if I don't sleep
and if I don't eat right it's been hard
on tour because everyone tells when I
had pizza but drink water and do those
things like I just need to get better
possessed possessed I just need to get
better at those things that I can
continue climbing the ladder because I
really want to I know this long clip but
I don't care because it's my thoughts
and feelings coming up I really really
want to do things bigger and better and
I'm really proud of all our
accomplishments and I'm just set to go
back to LA make even better videos I've
missed so many videos on this tour and
I've been beating myself up but again
I'm like nope yourself is not going to
help
I'm going to make awesome videos I'm
going to give you a reason to stay
subscribed to me I'm going to give
myself a reason to continue doing what I
love because I'm gonna make myself so
proud and I'm going to reach for bigger
and better and greater things and more
than anything continue to just be a
beacon in this world of everything
that's happening on this tour
bestsellers list
freaking sold-out show the things that
have truly stuck with me the most when
you come up to me you say things like
hey by the way this is my life both of
my parents have passed away I was in
depression I have cancer I have these
things then the only thing that makes me
smile is your videos when you really
think about that think about that
person's day and all the challenges they
must face and I do think that that seven
minutes where they watch my video makes
a difference to them that is my focus I
want to do more of that I want be more
focused on what actually matters I'm not
gonna lie and say that other stuff
doesn't matter but that's what really
matters matters to me I want to impact
people's stories that's the legacy I
want to leave behind the number when
your cell is that newspaper print is
come and gone
you know stream is that show that's come
and gone but impacting someone's story
like that that legacy will live forever
and that's still the things I talk to
myself about I want to end by saying is
I keep saying what
determining clip I don't care the balls
would be long I don't care one time I
don't care it's hard to take in what it
feels like people Kyle asked me all
times I kind of feel when you perform
and I'm like honestly sometimes I'm numb
because my body doesn't know how to take
it in like I really don't know all I
know is that before my last show I was
looking in the mirror and I was like
what the hell how is this your life like
before the tour I was so set on the
shows being sold out and getting
emotional and sappy oh my god I do this
so often no I don't mind of anyway I was
so fixing I mean honestly I was so
superficially fixated on the shows being
sold out to my team all the shows have
to be sold up and all of North America
was knows on a high and then I went
international and it was ticket prices
or school or all these excuses I came up
with him like shoal down sold out
honestly I don't care now I'm thinking
about it just like I'm mad because there
wasn't one thousand people at the show
and instead there was eight hundred who
f cares maybe my next tour will be sold
out my last tour maybe did that I don't
care I just feel so grateful that you
make signs and you come to my show and
you support me and really care what my
success and I don't know why like I
really when I was chilling with them I
was like I don't know why it's not like
your fans you genuinely care you wanted
me to be number one vessel you want my
book to do well and you want my show to
be sold on I don't know why so I really
want to say to the bottom spitting
everywhere I'm so emotional but thank
you so much for making this my life
because I was so sad before in my life
and I was reminiscing on that I was like
oh my god you have come such a long way
and although I do account a lot of it to
me working hard and all those things it
would just not be possible without you
so thank you for making helping me be
less fat I really really do appreciate
it and you are all the best nothing I do
in life is ever to intentionally excite
you is always just to make the world a
better place and thank you for being
part of that journey with me and now I'm
going to shut my dirty mouth and stop
being emotional because I'm going to
order seven cosmos and probably do some
work since I don't know what to do I
love you so so much
this concludes the sappy tour review no
tour has ended I've picked off all my
nail polish and just now the arrow the
arrow
picked off my nail boom when it lasted
this whole time and it finally just
picked it off so symbolic I just want to
all my emails I'm at zero I didn't send
any of my own a reply to all them and
check them and after now eat possibly
watch Baywatch and then a mic wanna
email rampage where Isis two types of
email checking I know
vacation hashtag but I wanted to and
kylo sleeping and it made me feel good
any fun I you know that's on doing
whatever let me know so there's soon as
the email session that I go they want is
clearing the ambassador's like yes no
approved approved this knowing cool
thanks and then there's one I send
emails those the ones my team hate so
I'm like here's my idea this is what I
needed what to do this is where I think
we should do I would like these seven
things to be possible please I need to
sparta morrow that's about to happen
when I get back good respond but first
we eat you'll also a next thing you know
I'll be making these mangy music videos
you're not gonna make up bottoms youth
one I'm thinking about shooting one live
on stage Internet ending the show's
little extra segment where bottom G
comes on we shoulda music video sure
that you want or you can just take a
listen book.com slash tour let's do it
do it as well as good I found a gift I'm
gonna get for all of team super some
wall or look at it you like it you like
it
don't waste you just finish eating opted
to not see Baywatch legs a little tired
not gonna line up some Washington
immersion and color my bed and be lazy
for sure even though I said my goodbyes
now we're seeing the pool at night and
people are still swimming and I'm so
tempted to just swim again look how
beautiful this is I just don't
understand I'm so tempted to go to the
end
when the vlog is 84 years long I'm
really except that I wish I would swim
it was evening I didn't even think of
the actual assumed to have been chilly
but then I'm like I'm an idiot I'm
singing bar chords on jokes but the pool
is at 6 a.m. and we leave at 9:30 so I'm
like if I can just dig deep to go in the
morning that may be really sick for some
right
we shot my best algorithm to vlog
tomorrow like a very very very long
flight and was like combine two days I
don't know we'll see but I'm gonna pack
and I want them Jane a my bet that is
gonna happen
not hot I don't care how fans on the
flying bag let's see how we did today
duh and thanks for joining us what is
probably a very long vlog we are headed
back to LA in the morning hopefully
upper swing but it should going back to
reality although ok because sometimes to
make our reality something epic every
single day even when we're not touring
so I can't wait for the next after the
whole we're going to make it amazing and
we were to create less you want and tell
them good if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe things we got to
do when we get back to LA sleep watch
Baywatch watch fast day I'm a fake fan
right now I failed unroll the rug
possibly mop before clean my office
possibly give myself two eyebrows
possibly get rid of my mustache possibly
six the nails that I have now chipped
stay tuned
