I lied to you good morning the time is
almost 12 noon I can finally let you in
on a secret even though I probably told
you yesterday because the time zones are
going to vlogs release but here's the
situation I am still in Singapore and
I'm gonna be here for a few more days
but I lied to you in the vlog and told
you I believe today in the morning cuz
my schedule change does not true here's
why I lied to you because I have a group
of fans here that are so supportive
they've always Pro Mode my show and my
channel my book is so above and beyond
support me and I've always noticed it's
sitting in LA I've always taught them
then like they're so supportive and I
wanted to bring special for them because
they put so much time and energy towards
me they think I'm gone they came to my
show yesterday right Anthony's all-in
and love Isha I purposely rushed them
backstage I told Uncle John to come in
and be like hey guys we got to go venues
closing down we didn't get that much
time with me they'll think they're
coming to this hotels to shoot with Kyle
so here a project I'm working on and
they think I'm gone back to LA I'm still
here I'm going to be hiding in the
closet or somewhere and I'm going to
surprise them take them up for lunch go
swimming with them and spend the day
with them and I cannot wait I'm so
excited
ah here's the vision for today so Bryce
some super friends then for the rest
today whatever the f we want that is the
mission plain and simple okay so set up
and be sitting here that our beautiful
high production tripod Caligiuri asking
them questions and I am going to be
hiding in here trying my best not to
make a single noise opening this slowly
we're trying to track them they might
hear me coming here I don't know with
Ashe our best writer this Kyle
let's do it okay Ferb how do you guys
injure yourself
hi I'm ceviche I'm team super NCS Putin
hi I'm Anthony and I'm really simply
excellent hi I'm Zoe and III Superman Li
on Twitter I love it so you guys went to
the show last night what did you guys
think of the boss book show it means all
my friends that might be something I
wasn't music was really emotional
because I really read the book before
but she really treats the messages I
think it really means a lot
you continue know that this really means
loved her as much esteem too much I
think that the show really work is not
just like I'm going to be about her
heart like the things that she feels
like the messages that she was putting
up it really got me thinking like when I
ran back out really like how can I use
the things that she taught me to let
improvement so what is it about really
that makes you want to score her she's
just so genuine and so kind so
supportive into each it's offensive so
heartwarming I went to the first time
exactly three years ago for today at the
airport and she was so right to a so
consul-general so sweet the way she said
she's like so warm to her and so kind
and she goes out of her weekly nothing
so special for you guys I think Lily is
like your rock so if you could spend a
day with her
what would fans want to do with her
since I presented just children talking
it talked about life and get to know
each other mess in the specificity mess
up we want to know more about how she
always able to do it and like you know
interesting Sam why did you not so much
that I just like whatever happens I
think the most important thing I've ever
wanted I was expecting maybe is to have
like genuine conversations excite really
get to know her more as a person forgot
to grab the intro but having more
questions but can we start with you guys
doing like really loud or what if
everyone it's team super Singapore as
loud as we can what
my everything orders limitation a
conversation he is not exactly a Chanel
one its melody effective you good you
guys hi Internet these are both of my
greatest fans in Singapore this is going
to so long and I wanted to surprise him
a bit I guess kind of show you I do not
about you guys the bunch of guys I
messed and what you induce my turn and
cold waters feeling you describes these
three families specific well you know I
was sitting Ali and I'm always seeing
all the things that these three friends
I mean all events do a lot of things
wrong the world these two like when my
book came out Felix in the bookstore
showing you two people but they were
like putting my book on the top shelf
see if I don't like street teams of what
I have find inside the road and they
like promoted my show she came away from
my shop they really treated like success
like it's their success like they're
like no really shows to Philip we commit
your equity Singapore knows what it is
though squeeze the passion and being so
far I'm not able to really do much for
them when I'm across the world but stem
I love you I need to lie in my blog
saying I'm leaving early Michael Assam
tomorrow
even last day when they came back since
Isaac made Uncle John walking with huge
columns of N equals Mel I crush them
with you like they didn't get like you
know I'm here to tweet this morning but
yeah so that's why one friend doesn't so
supportive I'm so wonderful and just so
lovely and I think it's my duty to do
something for the richer thank you what
are you and excited oh my god it kind of
similar to their answer to be honest I
feel like sometimes I get confused
because they support me so much they're
like why I want to know what well with
them forgettable super just like a
windmill in which is cool alive tonight
is about how you guys are doing what you
enjoy doing basis all in with your
friendship zone good process
getting water out of that exception okay
so today we have plan is we are going to
chillax cool when I go for them once
again I often spend some good college
back to you thank you around the world
all people to people support me
appreciated film so much and I'm glad to
my girlfriend and then to spend time
together
oh yeah meeting yes good job quality
sensor welcome to my favorite place on
the planet marina based on enjoy getting
cool so it's overall in Singapore I love
in the weather is actually way better
than yet even though the weather
forecast still says cloudy of like I'm
so beautiful we're about to have some
lunch anomaly everything I might load me
up with carbs and push down by the pool
like this so I'm currently talking about
Lily's regional issues and what's that
route almost as combined and pretending
to user right now and they're exploding
and through his home area so steadily I
just don't know I want advice enough
before you get here by the center is so
clear like vehicle I said I'm yeah
you're gonna go you see it I can see why
you get along with Kyle and I both track
video is so cool those are these
professional scam artists over here not
a shabby view act off so what I love
about Singapore there's so much greenery
in the city I love it
whoa just had lunch and our word will
change to our suit and it is not very
many but doesn't matter he goes to me I
was a good time chillin with everybody
so hopefully they are I was behind Rose
what lovely ever I'm learning so much
watching Super Why ask them questions
what videos guys like what you guys like
about them which other people do watch
and it's good it's nice to learn
learning experience I'm surfing and
burping everywhere nice or experience to
me so I do it
so coconut oil exploded in my suitcase
select a bathing suit is destroyed vacay
starts now just getting have to go to
see you movin tomorrow I'm doing a video
shoe but vacay starts now also the
swimsuit is too small so I'm very
concerned whenever nip slips but yo I
wanna is gonna be on the hook also shout
to the fans I mean glasses I love all my
favorite place fit the fans the kids do
children my babies I don't wanna call
the fans by research aging cigarette
meters here exactly a real refreshment
reflective real effective
we will effective see present moment
unlike my TV this year
part of the great fun are you guys also
the nurse
you're still nervous you're still
nervous look at my cute babies oh I
having fun how do you feel and it is the
G we must be real life no I'm not
something what was your favorite part of
today you whales today you clam with the
dolphins and whales today channel how
are you breathing all the water
what a great time at the pool so
relaxing
no have a show today a little bit side
of what that wasn't so last thing they
went to the room freshen up I'm going to
rinse really quickly let me say bye to
them and then massage booked vacation
mode open this mother after all though
like I said I would work to make this
occasion motor from this mother extra
Franco the ten I gotta see is tall real
she said by two and then the knees Ellen
and Leticia there's so so so we have Sol
Gladys from the day with them hope
danger thumbs up I think they did I have
a massage in 40 minutes
okay I'm gonna lie down for some
pictures or wet day you know what is
alright cuz I give you guys me so many
gifts her and tour thank you for that Oh
table sentimental talk later but for now
post some pictures and who absolutely
nothing you know what vacay that's why
before the massage was pool it she work
my body my body and my back to you real
nice I keep getting tripped up by the
skyline is so beautiful it is my
favorite so I'll be like doing something
and I look at the window and I'd be like
oh crap you can't see a wall right now
to be just a reflection of my room okay
whatever would you see it through the
glass kind of and so we're getting
massages let's go look oh my god I keep
forgetting it's so beautiful we're gonna
eat some dinner real quick and you know
I feel about food so now we're going to
eat all the foods
one fact you know the club I did with
TIA or we had that scene or was a store
we asked the price of something it is
way more than expected isolationist
two-story I was in this hotel and I saw
this store called MCM and I walked and I
was like on some topic 100 bucks and
asked me the three thousand dollars
sounds like and I jotted down in my
phone bad video idea and it was a year
ago and that's the club I did this year
inspiration everywhere make a little
folder in your phone for inspiration ya
know
so I'm cook wild trash come to the
realization that all these days I'm like
oh my god is used to relax in Singapore
I am that person that today was like a
surprise my friends like do something
say I love it now like tomorrow should
1g video yes we were 8:30 a.m. and then
extremely leaves so really I just filled
those days that were vacation days with
work yes friends is not work but not
even work at a normal time yeah I made
it so that we hug later I'm so sorry I'm
so tired right now that is it almost
with me no no no record a song right now
I'm livid east why do I do that
wow oh wow looks like I'm giving birth
okay that's an abyss no I got sunburned
nice tan and you need to improvise it's
1:30 a.m. I just finished hanging around
Facebook's
a new house shows you memories showing
me this one in Banglore remember after
my last show in India 482 UI two years
ago oh what a mother and fin during and
a half my eyes are so red I'm so tired
let's go to bed no I'm productive very
surprised some my friends and recorded a
song I massage when swimming
pretty good not the most leisure
tomorrow though I think we're going to
be done shooting I like to and the rest
day I'll be like this
can I have 17 cosmos feet by the pool
for today let's see how we did
come on say he was joining me on today
what a wonderful day spending kind of
wonderful people that I loved getting to
know it was just literally one of my
favorite things ever and as soulful so
much fun Jordan ordered a smile and
little walk around Singapore as my Jeep
so is about to be insurance that you go
out and click Subscribe as for now
earlier two things the BB today they
taught me that I do this I trash even
lobby also they made fun of me because
it's all types of some pictures so under
trying to prove of these things in
building me screaming now I'm an attempt
in their honor detention correct right
my name is Gary patty and did you like
it subscribe if you liked it subscribe
ah actually really liked how all of you
make fun of me in little ways I mean you
usually know your limits like I think
it's cute you have all these inside
jokes of all like me and Kyle and like
it just as much friends and I freaking
love it thank you so much you're so cool
also look how many Chin's I have oh I
should be more fries that's what I
should do anyways bye
