oops were in Malaysia good morning from
Malaysia the time is about 9:30 a.m. I
actually woke up at 6:30 a.m. because I
already gone to an interview at hits SM
did a vlog because I was so tired but
I'm back right off the bat I gotta
address it horrible news today I don't
know what day this vlog is going to come
out I'm sorry for bringing this up again
if your hearts have somewhat had too
much of this conversation but Ariana
Grande's concert in Manchester a bomb
went off and 20 of her fans or I'm
assuming 1020 people were killed and I'm
just like for the past few hours like
cannot fathom that so before I even
start this vlog I think you should all
take a moment as I am planning to do
tonight at my show in Malaysia as well
to pray and send positivity because I'm
not trying to make this about me like
first of all I can't fathom going to a
concert and having your kid go to a
concert and happens like that happen and
I also from a performance point of view
can't understand what Ariana must be
feeling to know that like I put on this
show and people died at the show and I
wanted them to have fun and I think it's
also like pulling an extra cord I can't
imagine what it's like but it's putting
an extra cord because I'm also on tour
and I'm thinking about when I do shows
and I'm like there's so much love and
positivity in that room and it must be
the worst feeling in the world for all
the fans and for Ariana and her crew and
everyone that was there and all the
family to be like this was supposed to
be a happy thing I got to take it away
because of I don't even want to say
because of what because it hasn't been
confirmed yet and I'm not war forwarding
false news but I feel anything like me
you're obsessive and I've been like
watching a news and like going to my
Twitter just so obsessed so that is me
being like horrible don't know how to
deal with it I'll probably talk about a
lot so today some of my fans I know it
also rot the shell team supers been
tweeting them as well so I don't know
what else to say I don't know say here
is the mission for today they do an
interview this morning I did it we are
going to take a nap because I'm so so
tired right now I'm going to then get up
get my brain up done do my makeup have a
meet-and-greet do my show me golden
ticket winners this my first time ever
in Malaysia ever performing in Malaysia
I didn't get much of a chance to even
see the country because we got here late
last night and now I'm gonna go take a
nap because I'm dying but this is my
view as of right now so this is what I
know of Malaysia but more chicken Apple
I just want to say team super I know
sometimes safety is not in our control
unfortunately because we live in a scary
world
time's it isn't it control please be
safe I will always do my part whatever I
can to try to keep you safe as well and
try to keep myself safe but in times of
tragedy please there's always two
options one is humble to you to the best
season in times like this people will
either go towards what actually my name
in a paraphrase I'm gonna revisit that
tweet hold on she said moments like this
inspire the best and worst in people you
decide what it will bring out of you
accurate so every time is a tragedy
because of social media some people are
like trying to bring people together to
love and helping each other and then
some people are trying to make jokes out
of it or trying to devote what about
these people what about this and please
choose love choose coming together
choose helping people it is our only
choice against the evils of the world so
join me in this battle of love versus
hate I'm gonna go take a nap
good morning again oka from my nap I'm
really bummed once again I don't get to
see a lot of Malaysia but I looked out
of this window and I saw something
different at the other window so that's
cool which is all this very very pretty
I'm gonna order some food right now my
stomach is hurting because of the uterus
and the menstruation and the 9 and the
or some food is a food get into
performance mode and that's what's
crack-a-lackin' we're gonna put our
energies back a good place now
positivity back a good place because
people come into my show and I want that
to be an escape as I always want my
things to be my videos my shows
everything and escaped into Unicorn
island so let me use some food
god damn stomach my favorite thing about
being in Islamic countries it is a
prayer that happens across the whole
like city I don't if you can hear it
wait you know that if I went through
everything so calming everything stops
as one shares this moment I don't
remember what it's called don't get mad
at me I think correct me if I'm wrong
educate me don't get mad it's called
amaz I think that's what cause I think
it's so before every time we almost in
Dubai I like the same thing just like to
present nice thing that happens every
single day teachers on its way vegetable
samosas are on its way I turn off the AC
I'm sweating buckets and I'm like was
that a good decision maybe not is
Malaysia
real hot right now but that was
crackalacking and I hope my summer stuff
Shirley's in a fun thing when I was
growing up like in my teens
my pure used to be so bad like I used to
leave school every single time I'll get
really faint I try like start throwing
up and so like that in fact fun fact the
first boyfriend I ever had that was like
a serious boyfriend or I guess capable
of a second we actually got close cuz I
fainted all on the bus and he was all
about the same job because of my period
I fainted
then for a period of time we're 20 it
went away and I was at oma period stop
being so like brutal but now recently in
the past couple months is getting back
to being like crippling and not as bad
as when I was in my teens I still need
to like do the hot water bottles still
like heavily impacted by in my day so
I'm just like uh maybe it's a traveling
right now I don't know but it's been
like this for months I don't know
well soil it is what it is I'm actually
super woman was inspired by a hip-hop
song when I was growing up and I
remember the name used to give me so
much encouragement and inspiration I was
younger I used to be a little girl
running around being like I can get do
anything cuz I'm superwoman and then
when I decided to make a youtube channel
I stuck with that name
first of all write up is linked brain up
is lit so grip over here literally has
been treating this show as if we're in
Singapore today and he told me the wrong
timing 1000 times not way more time
because I'm eating greens actually asked
to the show not before we're in Malaysia
and not Singapore I say how you can make
it up to me sorry besides this wonderful
kiss and hug say how you can make it up
to me there's a voice you do that I
really like oh my god and I like you too
Joe please it makes me happy the nerd
voice web review blogs ago can I tell
the story of their yes okay basically he
had this photo cop was at work yeah yeah
at working out just like photocopier and
used to mess with the kids being when
they used to ask like how it works you'd
be like always voice activated was a
sign on he would have sign on it saying
as a voice actor it was not so kids
would stand there talking was it
prisoner every just one kid that would
just stand over anything like copy now
like minutes I don't know Catalina so
what you trying to say is I have three
Mars and I can watch a lot of Jane the
Virgin but also can we show you this
wonderful Malaysian designer hyacinth
our highest in scalp roots I've ever
made me some custom stuff is custom this
is so cool
it's a pantsuit and other Blazers took I
liked it so much I get it
ah dope Lily oh it's Lily's on the back
it says boss that's dope I won't even
wear that time after like to figure out
a way to wear that today I don't know so
for the longest time I'm like this
pineapple looks really weird this is
yellow watermelon I've never seen this
in my life
but apparently classes is a thing I've
seen it before it tastes the same I've
ever childhood you smell like a normal
one on
this is strangest thing there's a normal
watermelon taste I sumela yeah it gets a
normal watermelon and it's yellow I have
never seen a yellow watermelon that is
insane
can you taste some of it it's like such
a mind s because you don't you think it
will be a pineapple shred of water mom
yeah that's ripe watermelon ahead so
good to me I mean I know this already I
already talked about her but tomorrow is
my last show in Singapore and with
everything going on today is just like I
love performing so much on stage and as
long as such a roller coaster happiness
that I'm trying so hard to not fall
through this whirlwind of like googling
and reading articles I'm trying so hard
but like I really love performing on
stage and I remember after a GUI it's
been two years since then and I had such
withdrawal symptoms I remember so many
times I'd be like yo man I miss being on
stage I misses so much know so happy to
go back on tour and fire my last show in
Singapore I'm happy in some ways because
I do want to go back to some sort of
routine in my life but also I don't know
what I'm going to see you guys again and
that stresses me out because I get to
travel a lot a my usual life but not to
places like this that often and I'm
gonna miss you guys but I'm going to
make today count and make tomorrow shell
count no no I just want to say that
really kind of heavy hearted about it
all because after that it's going to go
back to a camera not that that ever
change by camera where no one is behind
I don't get to see real people and on
tour I get to see real people I get to
see you and that makes me very happy so
we're heading to the venue and
discretional a something really really
funny that happened so on my Ryder so
Ryder basically performance Ryder's all
the things I need for the performance to
happen so it's like honey and water
technical writers like this for her mic
and the sort of all the things to make
this show happen the best for me
personally and for the show right so on
my rider is a cute gesture I have Lilly
Singh requires
smile like I just like that does a cute
thing like I want to be surrounded
positive these age of hugs that change
the smiles on my rider says Mike does
ruff any water I'll corn never smiles
so today the promoter called Griffon
they're like um so when when didn't
really want the smiles and he's like I'm
sorry what and the way yeah the smiles
we'd have to like rise and prepare them
in time and I was like so they bought
like
like a surprise that I like shaped like
smiley faces and I'm like that it's so
adorable that's picked on and that is
such a but yeah I just have smiles on my
writer isn't that hilarious give
me a smile
well I don't have them cuz I have a
fryer are you trying to be small oh my
head
so it's been 84 years and we've not yet
moving I discovered that the traffic is
actually really bad here really really
bad even this morning for our interview
so we're in Singapore so doesn't matter
copy now and please they open now open I
hate work so we just walk to the venue
by next 184 minutes with question of
choice in Malaysia Kuala Lumpur I feel
like Malaysia coz you're probably
traveled right maybe also boy it is our
second last show I'm so sad
the second last time sagal a second last
time second last time we're gonna count
to be amazing tomorrow and make an extra
counter singapore today for some
formulas and you sick nothing with all
of our energy as all these peoples have
taken the time to come see the show it's
gonna be a show and are we gonna do it
second last time shown over 20 hi can I
do for the first time ever I have no
idea what to expect I have no idea if
you're gonna be familiar with myself
I've no idea or not has no clue it's
going to be amazing
Malaysia there's just some good energy
together
when you have the freak out of your life
ah where the West Coast soup woman
inaudible danger for the first
stop everything
first of all Malaysian audience was
amazing and wonderful so loud so polite
and it is mostly because of this person
it is an honor my honor to meet puma /
super woman freak on twitter look
there's so much love the cam can't even
focus these lovely shoes front row being
like home let them interrupt you keep
going she was like my biggest
cheerleader join Michelle it was so
wonderful it's amazing did you like a
promise okay
you have to sing appalled echo by this
type of the vlog release I don't think
those yeah do they want what you are
then you're all drag it is amazing the
show amazing I love angel in so much
thank you so much I appreciate your
support
go sing my favorite part of this tour is
meeting all the people have been
supporting for so long because I don't
get to do that I can't wait come back to
Malaysian like again I will come back I
won't I promise I promise I'll come back
okay
I'm gonna let you do that you can have
that sorry recording you can take a
camera you think all that you say and do
whatever you are guys people look behind
literally a month
so women freak she's amazing she's
amazing she made me cry no show was
amazing into but you have to support her
she's going to do so many cool things
out of hope for the rest of my life
lesson so what if you haven't subscribed
yet please go and subscribe I was like
plot twist she steals my camera and
disappear well this is our seed of the
woman freak exact dollar she's in
supporting a five year to old GUI here
keeps body yaaay never stops America
actually amazing she's going to do so
many cool things we got got to support
oh my god you think another language
because I speak normally and we can only
modulus mother okay write an exam say
yeah can you say something to seem super
Malaysia teams from Malaysia
DSIRE Sabich sorry you could not seem to
do Bali
okay I know you said what he said what
he said you guys ready for Lily
and the golden ticket winner from
Malaysia
new necklace original hey Lilly examine
is not a thing for me to put my feet on
your fish meeting 200 people you're all
so wonderful and just so passionate
right so passion is a wonderful now when
I go we am doing anything Malaysia let
us try to see a skyline we're at a
random place right now we're going to
the helipad and trying to scale all the
buildings lights are off so we'll see
what kind of view this is now pretty
licked not all the buildings are lit up
but it looks great
attracting a bunch of pictures you just
can't capture it okay that a K did not
look like this in my pictures but it is
Jo the magic hairy minor back to my
hotel room it is a late time is about 1
a.m. because maybe it was after the show
I have been avoiding doing this but I
need to repack my two suitcases because
toss couple shows it's been like shoving
things into my suitcase which is very
not medium a very neat Packer so I'm
going to take a shower
we taxi to suitcases and the next time
you see them they're going to not look
like this so that's what I'm talking
about
that right there that's what I'm talking
about because our face wash bag power
time is around now let's check let's
check let's check the time is 2 a.m. our
call time is 6 a.m. so we have 4 hours
sleep and head to the airport to go to
Singapore for about today today
technically today my last show oh I'm
not ready
my body is not ready so we did pretty
good today let's see how we did
God tops with many always from Malaysia
thank you for joining me on today later
thank you so much for the love and music
a wonderful audience I'm definitely
gonna come back here for more try this
and you see the country sing about
torque you don't really get to see the
places too much my sites be hanging to
Singapore tomorrow
tickets doesn't matter because by the
time you watch this show we've been done
so does it matter
oh my god one time you're watching this
the tourism Hey
oh my god I'm not ready okay listen
listen IHS I drove out of it I can't I
can't do this I can't do this I can't do
it now that's not good if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe why
not what if I don't know what I would do
if it wasn't for all of you on this
journey with me because I know I'm not
going to only one I have withdrawal
symptoms I know you as well as well so
I'm glad we get to go through this
together because I feel myself getting
super sad right now we're gonna figure
it out together
there's new projects that you need to
know about that I'll tell you about post
or so
