anytime new my friends are in the car
and 90s dancehall comes off like this is
exactly what we do
do you know what time it is it's not
even 10:00 a.m. I am up my faces did my
clothes are changed I got a watch on my
wrist I'm an adult right well that's
releasing blogs I'm trying to this thing
where I'm waking up a little bit early
not like super early in the 7 a.m. like
I know myself I know I'm not gonna
happen a little bit impatient on my lips
but a little bit earlier so my team gets
here I'm actually up and functioning you
know like an adult should email your
grind against video planning spending
time with the parents also got to teach
my team or start teaching them I play
monogamy deal because when we go to
Trinidad they don't know that's canceled
do you realize what's happening we're
gonna spend our day together like do you
realize every day I feel like I'm
spending my day with you I don't you
feel that way but I feel like y'all
y'all right here next to me we in this
together figuring it up love it ok so
never before have I seen a video online
that described me more and well about to
show you
broken nose wronged each other both no
what is it like being in a car with me
terrifying
I'm driving you're driving passengers
sleep what are you trying to say you are
the best day let me show you a video I
found my friend said it to me that is so
me and any of my other ratchet friends
alone so my friends it's about when
nineties dancehall comes on I tried to
add to keep them and what dancehall this
you remember to the dance all this
that's alright ok it's like reggae it's
not so good with like reggae reggae so
this is a video like die you'll be able
to relate tell me this is not me ok you
ready
this videos a little less aggressive
than you so anytime you my friends are
in the car and 90s dancehall comes on
like these exact songs this is exactly
what we do is place called cocktail
house in the club a ratchet Club in
Toronto and every time we listen to the
radio station there this is me this is
what it's like when I
look how it is I know what's right down
there that we can show you all
Mertz for Valentine's oh we can't even
show you
but anyway show you the new colorways
right now that dopey drop it's already
up in the counter y'all ready for you
you know my baby boy just released new
music camera can go focus on you Anna
Taylor you gonna bust the wine but very
good whining whining stops
it's hot here if you ever like watch my
blogs nearly I wish I had a friend like
Masako I'm gonna tell you how to catch
your very own Masako came you so just
set trap hummus because no matter what's
happening once a day you will find
Masako like this
it's like Masako isn't really walking
out the door Chuck wait I have to go eat
some hummus like as if you couldn't
leave before she had the hummus there's
no shame here all my dad does all day is
watch my messages vlog literally that's
all no no your is that that miner my
sister's no daughter yours is mine and
do you know English do you begin it no
oh it's been grocery shopping because we
have a barbecue coming up on Sunday so
we want to get some stuff for that well
right now we're staying upstairs because
got things my dad has never had a
roasted marshmallow we're about to
change that Wow
mom is this your first marshmallow - yes
really first time roasting marshmallows
oh you did with me once I didn't do it
daddy excited I'm only an axle of a that
wasn't it well you don't even listen to
the question very excited thank you
so dad what part do you like of the Will
Smith video who do you like I like the
Pablo guy very much us sorry no sorry
but but I'm sorry
let's show Pablo to see who did it
better you get that we're not rhyming I
just a fan as a Stan and I am sorry you
don't need to be sorry I'm just letting
you know not sorry no I get it but you
don't need to be sorry so no sorry do
you do private classes this is a very
nice frame of your dad with the fire and
you you look like a superstar oh yes I
am I'm super woman's dad I don't forget
that Wow look at this one
eyebrow movements dad first ever
marshmallow Cheers in my life juice kind
of burnt there but yeah
mmm Oh yo honest answers a good exelon
thing oh my god like it mama mmm I saw
my mom we just watched something I
introduced her stranger things you watch
it first two episodes you like it yes my
mom never watches Netflix is the watched
shows like this so she's like oh they're
not gonna show what happened like she's
expecting them to be like yeah this is
what it is just let people this big not
gotta invest yourself okay at least okay
are you gonna watch more tomorrow with
me yes okay good night oh my god my my
secures everywhere I'm just leaning on
my face now I look broke up for those of
you on Twitter being like your Lily
better talk about D because filmed me
because I haven't watched it yet I will
want to do and I will talk about it when
I watch I don't know it's gonna be
helping me where my parents leave but I
told her to like your diba if you have
any events and I'll wait for the film
let a sister know which says you will
have the same events as Deepika but I'm
not personally met her yet and if you
don't what I'm talking about Deepika
bom-bom is hella Bollywood actors also
entering Hollywood as well so dope has
like the dopest films is like just just
a strong lead woman I'm just like girl
power girl love all the way even run
beer another person where we just like
talk on Twitter or like Tex what we've
never met just these two things need to
be fixed in 2018 I need to meet these
two iconic people I'm determined I don't
know if you can hear this I don't think
you can you might not cuz I might not be
louder to the camera but every night my
neighbor I don't know which one plays do
a liebe literally on repeat same song
for an hour every night lasting loud and
I can't even be mad because I loved the
song but obviously peanuts Blake yeah
that's me every night every received my
today I got a lot of work done and I got
to spend some leisure time this is a
good thing when people at my house I
suddenly am forced to have balance
that's kind of great
let's see how we did day
what literally yo I'm gonna let you know
right now my fucking disappearing
sometimes that let you I'm gonna let you
know Kentucky's disappearing soon
because I sounds Twitter I have nothing
to say and everything just wanna be like
okay bye but your own comedy happens
here we are if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe so yesterday
during super 60 right if someone asked
me to come and I asked me in the
comments question about getting a dog
and I replied and I said yeah I'm
planning on getting a dog and everyone's
been tweeting me going crazy to let you
know yeah when I come back from Trinidad
I am trying to get a dog it's something
I'm I think before a long time so I'm
excited
