good morning Prague good morning Czech
Republic ah this place is so beautiful I
woke up this morning looked out the
window and I'm like they're mine a
studio is this green screen like it
actually seemed like my view was green
screened Photoshop other there's no way
this is real you know I don't usually
post like landscape or touristy type
things on my Instagram but I was like
y'all both flash photos - of course
after being present because I was
present first for 30 whole minutes are
just like what car this place it is
beautiful is me a wonderful day I can't
tell you a lot of what is happening that
sucks
but here's what the mission is for today
you we are going to go to breakfast a
little bit we are going to then go to do
some stuff I'll say that have a shoot I
can't have a shoot prepping for the
shoot I finished that about 2 p.m. and
the rest of the day free so I can
explore a little bit I gotta go through
my emails but I don't have that much
work to do I put myself in a very good
position to kind of enjoy myself and
relax both sigh from all that I wanna
see a little bit of Czech Republic and
probably become pride prom are you think
Craig I keep saying prank because I know
that someone's Ethan bottom juice would
say it is that weird my brain I know the
black bag so I keep saying it but it's
Prague its Prague all right hold on to
answer your question yes I'm sitting
outside of the window and it is awesome
two things number one a jet lag was real
I was about 5 a.m. and certainly 6:15
I'm gonna go to breakfast at 7 a.m.
thank God it's not actually shoot day
today good thinking in the nugget New
Guinea thingamabob number 2 you got to
see my hotel room are you ready okay I
say this not to brag right I'm not gonna
brag about look at my hotel room but I'm
just like it's really cool and I want to
share it with you you thought my house
was a lot of cardio this hotel room and
a lot of cardio I walked in those like
excuse me ah who or what it is three
floors so stand by you walk in right and
this is what you see her are cool sofa
you know got to make shots and mesh
custom
very cool even those flowers very sweet
I'm a staircase where does it go let's
see 2nd floor this is where all the
bathrooms and etc are now this shower
could literally I could have a party in
here like a whole flood party in here
got all this stuff got to toy it over
here
okay bathroom but then where does this
go and that's where we get here to the
bedroom Oh had to go pee in the middle
of the night it was a situation but the
views oh my god so yeah I'm pretty happy
and I'm gonna be even happier and we eat
some breakfast and I'm gonna take you
with me
Oh breakfast was great and 7:30 a.m.
might sleep for another hour because it
ought to be up until 10:00 and this is
my secret project all right we're
heading to our secret project is of
course like a pimple right today because
Patrick wanna hear I need a crowd super
beautiful or I can walk around right yes
when I came home and just like lay down
in bed and scroll through Instagram like
a basic project and I'm gonna like this
photo of him walking around the city
when I know there's a picture of you
walking around I was like let's go drive
around though
all right now it's time for the real
challenge we have my nails did my nails
are broke off disgust did you tell the
reinforcements where we're going they
make seven professionals on this test
hums Oh
rapunzel let down your long hair oh yes
Rapunzel oh yes you trash hanging out of
a window on the top so mister fall down
hold it up rapunzel rapunzel let down
your trash
as sales and I took a nap but you're
gonna have them deserted but now we're
at dinner and we're gonna get lots of
food when you just a discount I should
get all the carbs for that dinner was so
good also my vision has gotten
progressively worse and I know when I go
back to LA I have to get glasses because
I can't see anything now we're on our
way to go find some dessert what they
call again what it's all here can be
reserved my best guess is reserved
because riverbrook we're going to find
it and I love how it's 9:00 what it's
like still light outside it's great
Kwame how's the food really good
actually
while I had two glasses of wine as you
can tell by this big juice Carol anyone
realize this is challenge that agent
she's so adorable and wonderful and one
of my favorite people is also Canadian I
sure was got run over so that's her
first and last words look how pretty and
those birds flying perfectly into my
frame come through nature come through
this is that one really really nervous
laugh hi today is a day here in Czech
Republic or make a move on Kyle follow
me oh I think Monica Oh
damn you hey Greg give me ho did me
thank you thank you thank you
else we got because of donations are
welcome to dance with my boyfriend in
Czech Republic this is what we're
getting and don't know how to say it but
it was pretty cool
I gotta how is it Kyle
really good you need you have to look at
my Oh comfortable you know
or almost at Hogwarts we think this
person might be a real person this ghost
of legend things I'm going to find out
right now and not another wasted
opportunity hey prom you are actin
beautiful all my guy having such a good
time exploring today was really Pleasant
they have to work have to explore and
tomorrow is going to be Shoop most a day
to wake up at like 7:00 and the next
year the same thing and then the next s
that I'm trying to show you find youth
music video so next video is going to be
a little intense with work around a
power through it anyone interesting
because I had a fitting for a shoot and
fittings are always interesting because
I'm actually really self-conscious like
I'm not changing in front of people and
I'm like so cautious of like my tum you
my love handles - like honestly let
stepping on your comfort zone so I was
like changing and trying on things and
you know I've learned the key is that
like oppa doesn't fit I just made a joke
about oh my god I know I eat too much
food for this to fit and I'd like don't
beat myself up about it because I'm like
ill I love myself and it all what just
stepping on your comfort zone that's I'm
trying to get it just being unapologetic
for yourself I feel like when I feel so
awkward I'm like oh my god no don't look
at my stomach - look at this I start
feeling really awkward but if I just
addressed you like yeah I know it's my
stomach so we're doing bigger ears like
unapologetic like that life is way
simpler and you don't reach it all up as
much so I'm just really trying to be
unapologetically myself when I do these
types of things because I'm not the
biggest girly girl and I don't always
fit into clothes and I do have thick
thighs and I do have big hips and so I'm
just like I don't care I love myself the
way I am and you should love yourself
the way you are you do whatever makes
you feel empowered I am going to wash my
face and then I'm going to probably go
straight to bed because I am tired and I
took a nap and screwed myself over but
we're gonna go to some
creepiness just hit me like a ton of
bricks so i'ma go to bed let's see how
we did today
you
but top when lily and sat you and we're
thank you for joining us today I'm so
glad it's a long journey like I said I
erected Prague is just so amazingly
beautiful and wonderful and I'm blown
away and I'm excited for my shoot
tomorrow I hope I can vlog some stuff
we'll see yeah a pretty secretive but
I'm trying my best to still love take
your mom press the journey I can so yes
do I check out my next video it was
about sports interviews is based on a
true story I think it's hilarious
the link is in the description and yo oh
my mom wait wait what I'm gonna stop
everything get off the toilet I totally
forgot I told everyone to remind with
the providers well we had 2 million
subscribers on the floor Channel right I
feel like my field though I feel like ok
congratulations to you super we had 2
million on our vlog channel but I feel
like I'm not gonna celebrate this day
because I forgot I put made a mental
note how that make sure you do something
special I didn't do it so we're going to
celebrate this in the next one tomorrow
but I'm acknowledging and saying
congrats so we'll do some special back
Detroit and South tomorrow thanks for
joining me and I will see you tomorrow
but hopefully do you cook cook if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe so many stairs oh my god you
sleep here I'm asleep in the tub right
here who wants to cuddle with me in this
tub cuddle with me but I can't fit well
come on all right everybody
goodnight sleep tight
bye bye
