oh good morning a quiet book today oh
look at that it's right here
good morning we are leaving melvin i
walked through the books throw wh
smooches yes and i saw ice pack on my
books I just signed them right now
that's great news we can put them back
by sticker on them feel free to put at
the top place of the shelves everybody's
no big deal kids
here's our the mid-cretaceous don't trip
and I done kinda and quite a new viewing
we literally land in the evening so not
much can happen I want to get a massage
my shoulders are close to my email inbox
is kinda disastrous and I like I keep
saying prepare for the reality of post
tour life aside from all that kind of
leisure day a little bit of productivity
a little bit of leisure net we're flying
you're the place mix for hours I'm
excited I've never done my show when you
do an AQI or this oneself do it okay
there's any Kiwis and cheap and hookup
lease almost last like the tour we have
to help you a very much flat rock
absolute trash I just can't even do
we have beautiful cats I didn't it isn't
about anything happens to the bar this
talk if anything happens it was your
maker this reward they could be like
broke his leg it was the reaction the
reacting it in this amount of energy
state yet ally book ancillary Assad
regime in residence life English welcome
or to those customers just joined with
you sick tonight now preparation for a
departure because you you begged and you
like I'll even looking for a front for a
whole tour okay cool tell us for long
durations and later by the other day
other you'll pass along I waited twenty
five minutes I'm like ok I won't get a
snack erasing course by my CV right I'm
on display is that we got some real calm
exactly how long it's like 800 acid it's
already in today's and how long this
amazing campus takes our place it's two
and a half hours unless you be so
confident when he says wrong information
express me stress me numbers over here
like
hey we feel good this morning by the way
I know you saw those events last night
we just wait through it yeah some of us
we made it to New Zealand I suppose like
do you think I did
qualify shout out to the fans are
waiting at the airport and gave us an
eye i box hi I love treats also it is
definitely Woodruff oh my god it is gold
well nice let's do that alright you
doing the 45 minutes drive we already
already snacks Lego oh my god thank you
sorry you might not find this funny oh I
said you really you might not think this
is funny I think Leo ah ah
shut out seem super y'all the absolute
truth right here and we appreciate this
Oh sometimes are driving along with all
the food we have yes Grif enjoying is
not the milk cool even if hotel is so
cool it's a cease blasting every winter
is working not really I need a space
heater we are going to Russia get
massages we found a place nearby a mile
away I don't know miles are better
things for gloves I'm not feeling taxi
there and if we got like Russia walking
to my hotel room open up my suitcase I'm
gonna rush to get the soul socks because
only availability until 8:15 it's like
8:00 right now I looked at a watch I
don't have a watch okay let's go acai
lady just broke me also saw every part
of my body I mean every part of my body
and she just like cracks me like felt
real good the Hawks discuss space heater
just order some room service the Wi-Fi
is licked
I just transferred eight files in my
three minutes I'm like hey I'm really
excited my room is getting warm I take a
warm shower maybe I'm feeling good I'm
glad I got this off date a travel day
I'm so happy my show wasn't J my show is
tomorrow I'm really excited why I'm
washing it all so you think I can take a
bubble bath
I want it interesting that's real I'm
gonna spend tonight go to my email
sending a bunch of emails somebody all
over done and then gonna fall asleep to
the sweet sweet sound of some Netflix
don't you know that don't you know that
I am the one for you my inbox is that
the eve of my inbox is that the eve of
my inbox is that the eve of my inbox is
that the robot it's like 11:30 p.m. just
killed
email game I was so productive for class
like hour and a half two hours on
Finland misses like a pimple now I'm
going to take a shower we face mask it
up or should I take like a bubble bath
situation I don't know I can do whatever
I know the world's my oyster we'll see
I'm choking on food you're single ready
to mingle link your digits though this
new thing where after I get massages my
foot gets full with last time and having
other oh sponges whatever that person
use where a person did now I'm thinking
like maybe there's some part of my foot
it is very sensitive to the bar my foot
is so soul and it's really pulsating
know that you're me with the massage
they go over a vein or something and it
doesn't get well god I'm allergic to
massages yeah also I think I'm getting a
pimple right here as I have many pimples
on my face but let me know if you can
relate pimples in this area are so
painful when you live so painful
literally the worst thing on the planet
common clothes you can relate to that
cymbals music ahhhh what hurt is ever
I'm kind of in this little situation in
our I'm doing nothing just like wasting
my time on social media so I'm like I'm
in a quick shower and then when face
masks on God knows I need it then I'm
going to watch some Netflix because I
think I'll be really productive I mean
messing around my I've got momentum a
little bit productive an outlet refresh
my inbox and I going to social medium
like what else and what L can do can IH
like shut your mouth shut your dirty
mouth you dirty filthy mouth take a
shower lying back on f down I'm sort of
always really exciting I was like taking
boxes all just so good by the way case
is vlogging again and I have some really
cool ways not based on idle games and
vlog way KB so I'm never gonna try to
vlog like indie but has analytical way
is an idea of things that are just a
vlog channel that I'm not doing it for
any reason aside the fact that the new
idea that's exciting and so I want to do
the new finger in the bucket or mass is
into such a small channel which I'm very
excited about so stay tuned for that but
for now we shower the face mask Netflix
and chill and I say that I actually mean
that the Quinn show because and over in
judging the movie alright I cancel the
shower parks old me because of this
goddamn path last shower I just bought
these goddamn things water is everywhere
and this kid
you know nothing it's alright not here
on set for tomorrow morning
authorization facemask let's do it
balancing on a faucet right now or my
favorite face mask this is not an act
not our sponsor this is me talking about
crack lands oh they will send me stuff
and this is a so my skin is blue super
dry and so she doesn't travel so much
that's all playing stuff my all my
makeup artists will tell you that all of
them the army of them that they will
tell you that my skin is very super dry
and so I this blue one is a hydrating
base map in this oatmeal and it smells
delicious
oh good how much that a layer of this it
does wonders like literally by tomorrow
morning my skin will look better and
also it burns a little bit in a good way
though those things sting in just the
right way also this is I don't really
have anything else to say right now my
hands are kind of dirty so I just have
to keep logging now so this is it
quality content
okie dokie wash my face I'm going to
actually end this vlog here before
watching for messages that I won't be in
bed and come out of it as though it
won't be comfortable nuts as well United
me so let's see how we do today
so I absolutely literally thanks for
joining me on today
I'm studying tomorrow for my first ever
tour stop in New Zealand cold as hell
with my heated glass in a regular thing
acting you do and I am heading to
Malaysia for the first time in my entire
life you want tickets do we sing books
calm / tours we can go away there are so
many great tickets available and well
tomorrow I guess I'd shoot a video
you're doing the world tour it's crazy
how quickly Monday and Thursday come
we're really in true it knows well did
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe thank you for watching my blog
if you want to check my last other links
right there the last videos right over
there obviously it's friggin was
released at 3:00 in the morning so no
one knows I released a video when
treating me like no video nobody oh my
god
notification squad was sleeping you feel
is a bill to take it up hey
