you shoot Kylie's when I love it good
morning it is wait earlier than it
usually is when I wake up it is 1 7 is
10 a.m.
Who am I oh my god I went to sleep with
just a little while ago but today there
be an awesome day you're gonna find out
where I am going this place it's like
I'm crying I'm going to workings of our
type it up too much nah y'all going be
like that was it that was about it
but here's the submission it for today I
am going to do my hair makeup done you
know what put things on ELISA mark and
done because I feel like I have a head
started then I'm gonna be supposed to
collab with them I'll show you in a
little second then I got a rush home and
pack and then I got a head to blank
place aside from all of that it's a
travel day so a lot of the day will be
in the plane but I'll try makes exciting
as possible for you - thank you
it's always I'm not collabing I'm like
oh my god this is so weird because like
y'all make fun about we were thinking of
the breo's all we make sense fact that
people think we look alike when actually
we don't compare my hair oh my god
you're here we're here Carly our face is
appealing our faces look at I'm kind of
cute I must be like to be us oh stop my
leg got like a skin transplant
okay that's you can just get a flawless
duelist I'll cover it rule for now wait
want to turn our
you literally don't have any blemishes
on Julia Cobbs makeup I'm just trying to
move to the point I like we actually
nothing alike we all remember Brandon
look at your chin like this
wait what searching this little section
and I got ya you got one we are
delighted a-line the mission you are a
classic look at you when you know what
is what I was thinking of dope and we're
going to do more stuff yeah I'm coming
below if you want to see us collect I
know you ever want to see sky as comment
below we should the same line in my butt
yeah now it looks like when it's okay
because you can do that okay yeah well I
don't like to cat you are a man thank
you I absorb losses if you don't they
know who Lilly Singh is coming for know
I love that girl I love that girl also
I'm so I think that's also I'm so tired
I wake up so early for this collab and
another pack and fly not I went to fly
but I'm like so early sick oh my god I
thought it was
I thought maybe there's a morning person
on that girl no I just I just have to do
this because of my plight so try out the
lives every wake you up early to shoot
with me I'm so tempted take a nap but
what seriously leaving in five five
hours so we'll see
right I know after this we're going to
go back to margarita pizza I'm traveling
again so I've taken these nutrients into
my bloodstream right now boom
I'm a very OCD neat Packer everyone's
always like so neat I'm like yes hi oh
hi I don't you don't fit some spaces
came home did my laundry from the dryer
right now finish packing until my teen
underwear come up two and a half hours
to spare Who am I woke up do my makeup
sanic Alaska Maya really 3.0 I just done
skips 2.01 from one point on a 3.0 as I
feel I'm out here putting work what by
almost see you in ten days I miss you
already
I'm gonna be really honest I kind of
don't want to leave you guys want to
stay here and watch James Version any
cares what worked has to happen we are
going to I think how they're homeless
quali I want to leave a Connor I want to
stay I know but aren't you excited to
get it oh hello school team Canada right
now it's gonna be a long flight all the
way okay so I'm so proud of myself
because officially back on the road and
I didn't get a piece of the airport I
got a very healthy veggie burger was
water and a banette I credit gossipy
story what about cupcakes
tell them tell them my goodness you got
anything you wanted really got Dunkin
donut
oh my god oh good we're now free eating
clean is the best of our ability targets
a hotel the only option margarita peace
ever pronouncing come true
alright so we're about to wear our
flight to each other yeah okay we are
going to Prague for the first time ever
at makeup in Europe for a secret project
I wish I could tell you what I can't
everyone's probably for I'm very I have
they doesn't break strange it and I
heard a beautiful and I have no doubt it
is no time world I'm excited tell if you
know what the project to tell me I don't
know me I'm but you have me hello
discuss what you think you know no
matter what you have me in hello good
all right I'm down oh good start smells
great quite a problem let me explain to
you bigger projects real quick right no
creator one to keep things secure when
they blog let me just jump back to that
maybe I don't know if I can use creator
has ever spoken about this I would tell
you everything legally I can't because
when you work on projects if there's so
many people and approvals over things
and so it's not like I can announce
things about a team of people proving
things it was up to me I'll tell you but
I can't so it's very exciting and very
cool who knows what you'll see that
actually as a matter of keep something
secret but we're heading to talk it's
gonna be I mean I think what I'm gonna
shoot a music video there as well so
so the father is nine hours ahead in
terms time zone 2 and we get religious
Ascot falls over again but it's cool I'm
excited to go some receiver right now
for those also early saliva class so
maybe I'll just kind of not have an hour
flight to London them in two hours from
lessons though
judgment and when the car stopped over a
quick stopover at a tariff light I slept
almost always why because I'm a trash
can that's what I'm a goddamn trash can
the issue is when we land in Prague it's
going to be like Union as well as well
they have a double sleep but like yeah
what's wrong with that
how is just like a long there's a lot of
turbulence no Michael walked on my feet
oh I'm travelling he's taking a toll on
your body for a lifetime
then we were going yeah
you look bald and as I got an Olympian
hasn't given up we're in Prague what's
going on up in my hotel room when I've
decided to not show you it's a really
cool room I'm not gonna show you it till
tomorrow and mawkish show you probably
until tomorrow I'll leave all that till
tomorrow because God knows I'm doing the
secret shoot stuff I'm gonna need things
to wad as really long vlog to begin with
as is I'm not going to end on the toilet
because it is so far you'll see in
tomorrow's vlog why that is I want to
end with a thought that I just had which
was some of this beautiful place
wonderful hotel room wonderful people
around me and I'm just like I always say
that my success is not because of luck
and I'm very adamant on that I don't
like when people call me lucky because I
do feel like I work hard and I feel when
we see people who have opportunities oh
they're so lucky what is like know what
else that Dwayne unless you're not lucky
you we work really goddamn hard but at
the same time I am lucky I'm lucky
because I was born in a place that lets
me have these opportunities to go into a
family that was supportive and I was
born healthy so in that sense I am very
lucky and I feel very blessed and I feel
very I don't know just very grateful and
I think we should all take that moment
every day to think about that like we
work hard we have our struggles but look
at the things we consider basic would
left
we should be grateful what I said I know
is going to be plot twist I'm an end the
vlog here thank you so much for joining
on this very very long - it's been those
widdy's two days long and it's going to
be an exciting time there's me some
secrets but I promise is going to be
worth it let's see how we did today
you
it starts with really warm Prague creamy
SiC gonna be lit my videos are done for
Monday Thursday and possibly Monday
killing the mother-effing game and I'll
see tomorrow
goo goo if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe sorry if I was just
super disoriented I just realized that
it's nighttime here and I'm like wide
awake now
wonder why what happens favorite I want
to watch my last video it's right over
there still trending whether it's been
great so many comments but so many
positive comments so much conversation I
love it last vlog is over there
I'm not gonna be a sec time you can
follow me on my social medias if you
want to be my
