oops were Melvin what's up Australia
you're in the last city of to show today
schedules with a little bit hectic
because I slept for like Rina half four
hours went to the airport slept in the
lounge for like 30 minutes slept in the
plane fly for three minutes and very
interrupted sleep I didn't get sleep at
all when I go back to my hotel I try to
not for thirty minutes
my brain is doing this hyperactive thing
talk more about that a second first let
me tell you what the plan is for today
the mission you were to fly to Melbourne
dad we should go to the venue right now
added my hair and makeup and we'll read
some people kind of soundcheck I do my
show and we can go and pick a winner
when I come back I have to record a
video I have to record a video aside
from all of that I'm realizing that my
tour is almost coming to an end and I
need to start getting my life back
together for when I go back to LA so I'm
gonna do some airway prep but before we
get into all that I'm a few things on my
mind is one is that like you I'm so
tired right now I'm at two shows in
Melbourne right so I kind of wish I only
had one because my first one is sold out
and then because it is sold out tomorrow
we had to show today things are not sold
out which is fine I wish I had the day
to like do work and relax kind of in
order to mean I couldn't see in some of
Melbourne but okay we have to meet more
of you lovely so scientists of sleeping
schedules I'll rough today
I'm so tired by attract akin that to
snow and every once in a while I have
these situations in which my brain is so
hyperactive Sonic lie down and literally
this is my break you what advice did
Will Smith give me again which I made my
next video how coming to the video
better
how should I release this video wait
when I get to La would have to do a lot
to do this just my email right now and I
start getting into this world window
thoughts and I cannot turn off so Leslie
I'm trying a better at is I've read an
article about it's like controlling your
breathing and just focusing on your
breathing and then that'll kind of like
calm you down a bit I think another
thing I need to start doing because I
used to do this and then on Taurus is so
difficult because I'm gonna be real do
before the tour started I was like put
in your gym at every hotel will work out
I'm gonna do this when do that when
you're on tour and you're so tired it's
like you know every spare second I'm a
goddamn suite go sleep is always in the
priority but I feel back to meditating
way to meditate so often like to sit
calm collect my thoughts
that's right II start doing so I'm
excited to start getting back into a
little bit of a routine but for now we
are headed to the venue Lego
Melbourne gray right
camels are still and I think that
happens a couple times that's well
imagine we think themself okay we're
going to use that one for like desert
powder parties or parties things like
that that'll be the designated party
we'll just put a label on it this will
be the trashcan and this will be the one
we keep the giblets song I know I yang
also this hotel room is filled with
creepy art that just scares the crap out
of me everywhere that's quality right
there with them code what's poppin we
about to do this me angry I got a
rainbow cake I look cute the vibes right
now just kind of cache kind of this you
know I'm saying quality believe it okay
why is it so cold up in here - was
freezing
hello hello hello hello we about me
smart me really I can like involve the
port of quality on Wednesday I suppose
Polly everything and you're the first in
line today are you excited for the show
tonight
how long even watching right
your name know what to do baby where are
you guys from are you guys from here oh
good we're done are you guys excited for
be a show tonight yeah right
what's your favorite thing about Lily
everything everything I need us here at
the Melbourne being great and she's
going to solve this Rubik's Cube I'm
going to mix it up okay so damn close
okay you wanna makes a really good team
let me tell you makes a really good team
when everyone is willing to do their
part and not have an ego about it that's
why I love the people traveling with me
we all know younger kitchen is one
cohesive unit and no one's above
anything right now when we do soundcheck
job - help me - sound rejection and
quality is heating up our food well this
happened I need a belt Griff gave me his
belt because my Panther boat well it was
one cohesive unit with a common goal
that's what teamwork is all about look
at this as I'm vlogging Uncle John knows
I'm gonna have to do my in-ear and so
he's already putting it here so I'll
have to do is this see that one cohesive
unit it's all about the people that
surround if you're an unhappy person and
you don't get a lot of work done first
and foremost look at the people you
surround yourself with because that is
cool sha microphone for you oh thank you
well as it comes down to be the venue
portray and it's Melvin Melvin Melvin
alright going to show you boom I guess
no good has been what the muscle is it
cute Eric you think you did about your
sisters and he is been limping
the whole tour but he still holds it
down with emojis this is the venue
John professor Matthews does it monitor
have to be Center can we make it
specific kind of ugly - making precise
yes people's insiders with the
scientific initial submission so got
food from this place I love necessarily
called pie-faced I got soup fun fact
actually I love soup so much their faces
on a pathological destroyer quality had
away with it but my face is the lair
feel I met 50 people ma I have a sweet
number to my heart the first Melbourne
show up - not Melbourne melding show up
- and convinced I'm too handsome that I
love this venue actually I'm ever afraid
to you I got a song over there and a
song over here and say what's right
answer concrete 687 Melbourne Australia
will make it
y'all somethin though
ah
Oh
ay-ay-ay sometimes stepping out of your
comfort zone results in pictures like
his bomb sexy pictures I was so out of
my comfort zone
but then sometimes temperature covers
over those in trash pictures like this
pictures first of all I dive laughs and
going to I die laughing not a set of to
me she's like cannot even take the
series of my second surgery so trash
don't even know why the magazines use it
because I am clearly so uncomfortable
the comeuppance look up I said did you
see the full picture
my arm is awkward my leg is off I'm
holding it afar like it's the perfect
name and I'm supported I did you fell
Marius and I died laughing when I saw
this I support you we look bomb in it
you did the golden ticket winners from
Melbourne are few people oh that would
insert to go hi
oh you got aggressive that's right yeah
yeah hey you got the shirt on yeah I
love it you like the show can I show you
something my favorite part and this is
why I'm not in Custis I blog even though
they not cool at all
it because people are always excited in
a second I turn the camera on people are
like we're not going to say or do
anything suddenly turns into the
mannequin challenge everyone that's okay
you're all cute adorable and then my
past stopped according they're all gonna
be crazy too when you audition for
Despicable Me 3 in the role of minions
are hi I'm Rachel I'm not worried I'm
Calista
and we love movies or watching
Oh feeding time for Shambo with the park
when you're getting it when you in the
xxx version of Despicable Me Kyle when
did you get a new outfit you look really
shiny copy got pictures of you
everywhere how's employment defined by a
picture trio anybody
ah I still record a video and I'm going
to record a video but first let's eat
when you go to a picnic can you decide
and roll up in the blanket maybe come on
we're do something we're going to
rapid-fire questions you have to answer
the first thing comes to mind okay
you're the pajamas a ready up or down
left or right home boys soccer wait wait
louder quiet lighter dark when joggers
day or night
Maxo comedy or drama oh I like them
clothes I can't I can't you read
ourselves people what's the favorite
thing about Lily's languages you speak
English for sure French pretty well a
little bit Italian Portuguese fairly
well I think I have a lot of French fans
can you say something them for me can
you say hi team super Bonjour team super
Lily loves you a lot
Lily ma boo clay clay bokor Tula team a
super calculated
I got a people yeah
take those Grissom s the best nerd voice
ever like I don't know why because so
fun he sounds like the scientist from
insecurity please please think of the
good like knives and it so fit you had
to look good be their hockey now they
copied elevator bring hey
how is that dinner your dinner with
magic he met one she's long gone like
your remember leaky most people riddle
that kids like there's nothing of oxygen
to Isaac's life forever and releasing
leaves on my back that I thought that I
would work let me show you how it's
really done with some real chocolate
isn't only to the order to dirt has
Shamu everyone else is ready to go home
for the night
satchel of the night words midnight and
I gotta make a video so going into
hostile mode because I'm going to do it
I'm not not going to do it I'm going to
do it so I already have like an idea
kind of flashed up writing to like write
it out properly and then get to
recording good news is my makeup is kind
of half done kinda smudge my picks it up
a little bit and pickle my hair next
should get to it when you have to
rearrange the whole goddamn room to make
the video here's the thing these pot
lights right here not great for making
videos can cause all these shadows on my
face kind of like we're just sitting
right now it is what it is cuz it looks
like this it is what it is gonna make it
happen excited about this video idea
it's a little sassy not sassy with y'all
tell you that's how you better hold up
let's go ask my ish I'm taking my hair
to the knots and not letting a bridge is
not not not not Michigan hey I'm only
half with him I am done my entire room
is trashed I am done tripping over
everything
I'm done in break site so the video I
decide to make is a parody of those
videos where people are like Canadian
trying Australian food I'm gonna tell
you why I did this video right I was
like yo do challenge videos like do this
video I don't like challenge videos I
know I've done them in fact I did wasn't
so you know I feel like that's a fair
exception I did one with Michelle Obama
another fair exception I feel I'm not a
big fan of challenge videos because I
like to make like scripted content and
comedy doesn't mean that they're bad I
just don't like doing them and I don't
find them fulfilling at all I don't
understand how other people do them I
gotta how you watch other people's
videos are challenges and you find them
entertaining cuz yeah they're
entertaining but I'm just not a fan of
doing them myself so this is like a
parody where I kind of like poking fun
and all the reasons I don't like doing
them so I wanted David disclaimer like a
lot of my friends make these videos and
you probably watch a lot of crazy basics
I'm not personally attacking anyone H is
all fun and games and making a parry and
I wasn't going to make it for stuff like
I'm gonna get so offended and think I'm
throwing shade even though I'm just
joking around
some of y'all I can't just always camera
contour was gonna friend
or not I don't think it's offensive I
think is hilarious and people just need
to just take a chill pill
so I think it's funny I'm basically
making fun of back out one creators do
this are so over the top with their
reactions and like house the food you're
eating is probably absolutely normal but
they just like oh I think it's freaking
jokes so you know the decor in this
hotel is questionable I'm glad right now
when you finish your video and I can get
in crumbs
and now I would like y'all you won't be
a bob step one right step one kick my
ass
when the hairs lit when it's lit I
didn't finish my drank I was weak
probably clean my goddamn room but you
know the hotel man I can't I can't I
need to be clean quick um let's see how
we did today I'll give you a hint we
killed it
don't talk to a lady thanks for joining
me on today kind of wonderful birthday
I'm so happy for my video ducks we're
all just talking about how we kind of
set towards almost done with Melbourne
doing well they just ate four shows left
like I feel like it's flown by honestly
I'm going to miss it so much go through
any more places in cash my last four
shows losing book.com slash towards
where you can go and have a friggin
great time and cuz I think you already
work but until tomorrow so if you liked
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
you know you want check out my last
video links right there my last vlog
when I was checking on you show some
love
might as well no one else watch my vlog
Channel show some goddamn not give a
thumbs up leave a comment subscribe egg
or her nobody you know what I mean why
do you do whatever you want because I
love you knew something good days away
naive
