good morning my love bugs you know the
best part today is it is not governed by
yesterday yesterday might've been
frustrating day before that might've
been frustrating but today is a new day
and no part of today will be impacted by
the frustrations of yesterday that is my
goal we have a very productive day as
you can see I'm kind of dead already
because I woke up a little bit ago and I
already did somewhere I already did my
makeup head start because today the
mission is you keep a healthy breakfast
eggs beans tofu and a shake done
finalize my script for my Anthony clamp
John do my hair and makeup my hair I
just opened it done I thought I should
collab with Anthony who's waiting
downstairs to be so polite and I'm late
clotting Jesus shooting a music video so
I do some house stuff go through my
email aside from all that I'm feeling
good today I'm going to stretch and I'm
going to get all the mother effing bonus
coins as I do it you guys should know
every detail of which bowl which juice
everything is all Derrick in this video
he's like well which bowl is more
realistic for the grape so my candy bowl
think you know I think there's only one
right choice when it comes to yes of
course Anthony's here I'm here I went
making a video it's literally not even
economy this is a true retelling of me
in my life and who I am yeah Angie she's
crazy it's real it's true could you
think that's what comedies about if I
take your deep rooted problems and
making them into a skit so people think
it's a joke completely wrong boys going
to my room guys oh my god I know okay
there's more of this thing Wow what is
in my room
diary entries on your wall okay Bob
Marley's on Derrick things Anthony's
home and by the way we like each other's
jokes okay jokes but not somewhat fun
I'm somewhat okay good small amount no I
have a very great nailed all of his
lines profession now jawline hot
everyone with your jaw line ponies in
the back like what am I doing here
no I had a good time and whatever thing
for your world as well yeah soon I got
some things going on up here there's so
many things happening and fees great you
left about the bottom jisu tapping on
the roof right now so many people on my
house he's got a call about that role I
got which I'm excited about
lentils and tofu Riggs Cougars I just
say two things one I'm so proud of
myself not productive I'm being and how
much I'm getting done in these days and
when I late number two of the best
goddamn team and people that help is my
video shout out
whoa oh my god
my staff compared me some snacks I was
like I wish I had hard-boiled eggs I
opened in the harbor all day and they're
so pretty look at them well yeah when
you trash transition a pet transition
not working this is happening right now
Claude is here possible fulfilled it's
not back out there when it's put back
you look like a different person
okay what a girl oMG we made out we've
got a very affectionate week on camera
need to kiss Oh give me a not miss you
Casper you look like Casper - whose skin
tones and pimples away your next role I
don't know why that's not to completely
clean them ten hundred people Venice
look at this whole trying to be sexual
right now get out of here - here's
what's up plus I'm not at Aria mu suckle
concern a few hey what's up Queen look
at her girlfriend and I'll see you on
the other side I'm naked right now
things are real normal right now when
teamwork making the dream work up and
just saying yeah the movie posters
arrived now used by family frames also
not upwards
tell everybody what just happened we're
gonna comedy special but I'm not to
agree what's happened whoa we had a bath
yeah and then I beat you won and then I
let you win
oh yeah and then I lost oh yeah I'm the
champion ping-pong kind of but I think
I'm still ranked number one by number
one what's up
every time I shoot a disaster we'll do a
cut tomorrow mm-hmm not today good
enough for today what's cooking
good-looking I'm gonna head to bed it's
actually still pretty early it's like
12:30 maybe like one which is early in
my book another bed my hair is wet I
washed it right after all the hot tub
super productive day smart was supposed
to be a day off where you know I don't
do though because I have a problem and I
have a day off and it's add things to it
so we're gonna do some shots that we
didn't get today I record like a whole
bunch of videos tomorrow for some things
put them when your heat just randomly
turns on whoo you blow in real harsh ooh
did a photo shoot
glad to get really really good today
let's see how we did
doli talk we learn thanks for joining me
on today's the day I'd like your
internship at my mom until my hot tub
involved in bulk it was a good day I
gotta ask you puncture that I'm a
O'Connell and we're not have you buying
tickets for the show yes because now I'm
on like your I'm miss issue no reason I
might have to cancel the speech again
because I don't know what's poppin I
don't know if the promoters whatever to
F is happy with your I'm sure and tobago
and what do you guys think this does not
get tickets as long as I'm Carrie come
below let me know if there's something
wrong with the tickets or you shall want
it whatever it is either when I'm doing
real real honest the ticket still
confuse me so much because for h2u I was
my biggest show now I'm just like denied
miscalculate this something real real
honest Matthew y'all able to buy tickets
or not and if you are if you don't want
to let me know it's cool I'm now I'm
down be honest let me help y'all
tomorrow
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe the only one circle my last
video is a geography class or race it's
right over there my last vlog over there
thanks for all love them new video is
doing so so well and so many people love
it also obviously the comments or people
are coming for me too and I'm just like
oh the video was sorry for you then but
I'm so pleased that so I hope you enjoy
