happy Monday yeah don't don't ask what
they're good morning good afternoon I
have learned that that number 8 does not
suit me well when it comes to hours of
sleep because if I try to set my alarm
for my going to sleep at 2 a.m. waking
up at 10 you know eight hours of sleep
can't do it I can do no sleep or I can
do like 10 hours of sleep I can sit for
one hour two hours that's fine I'll wake
up and I'll do but eight hours for some
reason that number doesn't suit you also
I want to learn that use that knowledge
moving forward what today is Monday
which means it is our chance to start
the week off right the workweek off
right with full amounts of hustle
embossment and focus and productivity
here is the mission for today you have a
video shoot where I'm shooting a video
one and possibly video two after that
there's too many videos that I've been
procrastinating for so long laughter
shoot so Amelia one new bo2 after that
you know creative I've been talking
about that I have not done that has to
happen today I wanted to shoot with this
cool person I have to submit that
creative by today I do also want to do
some house stuff fix my writing room up
a little bit clean my office and also
every Monday so I'm going to leave a
video aside from all of that which is a
lot of things I want to get as many
bonus points as I can finishing a little
task
starting off the week by saying all
right all these little things that I can
do now and not procrastinate are gonna
happen today I ready win this together
high five I'll break your nose bleeding
second what's cracking just finished my
breakfast I try to eat my breakfast in
like solitude I love you make fun
because I don't actually breakfast like
8:00 in the morning like twelve or
something that we're now not morning but
I can sell justice this is when my day
starts number big smoothie YUM
sizzle my day starts don't want to like
reach them in the right mind size or
everything at the due today so I think
so the things I got to do I want to
execute it what I want accomplish that's
right and also closing in place or the
girls list or those it oh yes is I've
decided that right when I wake up I
wouldn't take a moment first before I
start to do anything productive because
the past is like wake up right away pull
my blog camera cannot exit make a list
see a deep breath and do some neat
things and then I start walking this or
doing
where it's the little tweaks I'm telling
you it's about improving every day
little by little and making the day your
day some way or another pals gonna come
in trouble now how long is that while
she's falling
tecna's monogamous hard with the bill of
flesh Rex when the person of that money
unit said hello do some more alright
finish my first script or finish as
tweaked it already had done kind of last
night and I'm really happy with the
changes I just added to it I get added a
lot to the comedy first version I got to
be the basketball player I'm doing a
sports related video and had you a
baseball player to which team got me in
Le Jersey and I was like I get it where
you gonna find Blue Jays in LA but still
Raptors all day every day I'm gonna turn
to a basketball player right now so BRB
we're going to kill it kill it kill it
kill everybody not everybody anything is
or killing any mall living things a lot
yes exactly
haha experimenting with my bearding it
was a little soundtrack shatter and alls
I do all obviously a superstar and this
is just the hair that develop during the
game you know because I'm a man
I thought the bible's and you look way
Kawai dear friends hey I'm be a friend
until that he their friend just a board
a little mother my ethnic friends a
blogging camera here and I want to tell
you that uh a lot of people be
commenting below and they see things
like this oh my god you know I did well
man I didn't like no you post a new
video a well YouTube you know if you hit
the bell on this channel or the main
channel area you hit that little Bell so
subscribing is one thing but you hit
that little bell and you'll get
notifications spread the word because a
lot of people are brand new on the
Internet and uh you know to need a
little bit of a you know a little bit of
a tutorial if you will you know on the
interweb so goddamn hot you die that's
cool huh
so what I'm going to actually don't know
what the characters gonna look like and
I just love this what I love I love
saying I like thinking goes my closet
being like what would they wear what
Julie would they have for the facial
hair I never have an idea what does it
look like I just pick up the brush like
what would this character do as I love
doing so much I just like get to play
and literally play dress-up and so this
is friend one and discont and even like
simple things like I look in the mirror
and my wig Islamic it was like this and
I was like I'm style like what if the
hair was out a little bit like this on
either side where this thing was up like
this you know just clean clean letting
your imagination run wild you know what
I mean
something I really learned in my life
and and since I have learned this I've
gotten better harsh tip and when you do
things whatever it is your job was
dancing whether it's writing whether
it's like a counter whatever it is built
for your single side the box bath the
day you should never be able to my
parent characters in front of people
ever I beg no everyone leave the room I
saw about a rough time with rad but now
like I can do characters in front of
people because I've switched my
mentality because no this is not silly
I'm gonna have fun with this I won't do
it really really well never I don't want
to be like self-conscious or embarrassed
I'm just going to play and do it well
because I take this seriously and I
think it's fun so maybe you do don't
believe in it a little bit and you
believe in things believe in them all
the way yeah I mean I mean Christmas I
also do a little thing with my videos
just for me that I know known as her
notice I had two characters and they're
both guy so I'm like let me make the
more the exact same outfit but just
different colors so the same would you
just track suit same bandana combo same
hat in a different color because that
just makes me happy
and I want to watch them like oh look
friend one friend - they're like thing
one and thing two kinda I don't know if
that's how they are in the movie but boy
does that like the few characters that
are like same but different people for
my own pleasure now sounds gentle Lily
which is always the hardest because I've
got a clean slate it off and redo all my
makeup we gonna get it done tattoos and
that's a wrap but now that something
very important to do for a shoot I have
coming up I want to put the whole pit
balls in my hot tub and we ordered them
and this right here apparently is
400 I find it hard to believe I don't
believe that 400 so we got test out
right now and pour them in the hot tub
to see how many more we need to order
and then we got to take them out of the
hot tub so we're doing something very
annoying but it's ok because for the
video whoa that does not smell great ok
you know Carlucci get it you see that's
like no no I'm not even close ok let's
see yeah that made all the difference
that one right there was a game changer
I think we need ok another one of these
would fill the surface you don't think
and then we need another one on top I do
think three might be ok oh wait wait if
you Valentino wait wait boom boom bah
Seto hola Amiga mía to the bathroom or
to the wall to Boston or Boston
so we talking sorry yeah good job great
news I just finished that creative you
remember going on and on and on about I
just finished it and I sent it and
reasons why I love Kyle so I sent it at
11:31 p.m. literally I'm looking at
11:31 p.m. he applied 11 2:32 p.m. yay
reading through this first thing in the
a.m. so I love how he's so goddamn on
top of it thank y'all so x 12:30 a.m. I
finished that creative like I said it's
just a bunch of work right now so
they're all do my emails although I just
skim through them and there was nothing
virgin I replied to all the herbs and
ones and I got prep for my meetings
tomorrow but I wash my hair and every
time I go to wash Maria that means I
might as well get it trashy in the hot
tub so that's about two per well
how I like my drinks delivered perfect
you come for the name rim team super you
bought me this gift thank you what's the
name gotta be you know and I think about
it
skittles maybe welcome to my hot tub my
hot tub together I wish I we're after
here I should really enjoy spending time
with you on tour one my favorite things
always in spots like not even just on
stages I just like spending time with
you ask me questions learning about you
and my favorite things I sort of God's
best an investment I ever made work that
I wash my hair feeling refreshed and
finish my drink with appliquéd because
I've learned up the science of drinking
a hot tub
amplified amplifies whoo I am pooped the
time is 2:13 a.m. and I got a review one
creative before I sleep go to fuel my
emails and prep for my meetings tomorrow
so I'll probably up for another 30 40
punishment ever end the vlog here
because I don't think I have the energy
to it later so thank you for joining me
on today but before we do that I think
we killed it today we're really
productive went through some top
priority emails did the creative 25
videos were shot killing it and we were
still don't do some work before we sleep
so let's see how we did
how about getting those points son don't
stop we're learning so hot it's like a
hot tub and a shower but so it's a lot
thanks for turning me on today
super activate tomorrow to be even more
proud of my house like four five
meetings and the evening so my girls are
going to come over to hang so it's gonna
be done and I cannot wait
also try that June 30th ticket visiting
both accomplished for get them get them
on a hot also on the 19th of June I have
a meet and greet in the Eaton Centre in
Toronto as well so that's been added it
can be a booty first-come first-serve
wristband policy texting you want to get
more information on that it's all my
social so go in and do that my love
tells mom kukuku if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe I
have a secret to tell you but I can't
really tell you but on Saturday I'm
going somewhere I've never been before
and I can't tell you where yet because
I'm working on something really exciting
and I've never be even been close to
this place and you're really excited
tell you where it is and I'm excited to
take you along with me
any guesses comment below and let me
know where do you think I've lying on
Saturday
