No good morning it's not even I should
say good night good night good night in
the morning good afternoon I'm so sleepy
and I'm a 3:40 a.m. which left the
airport except for 55 minutes I'm
vlogging and now an airport checking in
bag also my boxes have my picture on
them look let me show you
and somebody's real mustache on me this
or the letters it wasn't even him or
someone random I wasn't here this is a
mission for today
gotta fly to the Philippines and then
we're going to learn a little hotel and
then we're going to order scientists
rehearsal that I'm going to treat and
eat and that sounds like a little bit of
things but it's a lot because I'm so
sleepy
my mother will not turn into a
caterpillar are there special missions
in the boss mango I find an egg McMuffin
I'm sorry I'm so tired
you saw annoying I have no time email
annoying Uncle John where's our girl
Uncle John sleepy sleepy good job we're
checking it and it's been 84 she's
trying to check it one of the biggest
struggles of World Tour is different
rules with Airlines this airline is like
oh no you can't take a backpack with you
in the airplane is an Izone oh sorry we
don't allow passengers on the airplane
oh did you want to see so I'm delusional
and crazy I'm a crazy person right now
because I'm still cats off and okay
catching Miami buzzer you show trial all
I wanted every weapon in a hash bond
doesn't miss a sport I want in a sweet
lever can we make a deal
namely how many and my mother's you have
three hair egg mcmuffin bring all the
girls be ours it does and they're like
it's better than yours
guys listen Manila
rhymes vanilla think about it they're
not serving breakfast all right want to
apologize you seem so annoying for this
whole half of the wall I'm a little bit
less sleepy and I have a crepe announced
everything's fine has no talent
in 84 you reflect a little bit other
serving food health and especially that
fresh pasta I'm going to type in that
feeling of mathematize these are the two
bold awards that are next to me that
only wear black and have no soul
when you basically guilty
I can't hear anything you are a fine
display I think of your daddy's little
rap music videos um y'all mean display
who when you saying we in the
Philippines
nah me
when you full of boogers all the time
when you're just a full-fledged nerd
glasses push up one more time
hide your sisters hide your mother's had
two girlfriends and hide your
boyfriend's on a plane experiencing this
planet so cold and I wish to clean up to
Thailand and the Philippines oh I love
you guys have ants in a book oh my hotel
room feels like a bit of such a long day
I really list in 11 years I screwed
myself over sitting on the plane I don't
choice like I don't sleep in it before
now I'm here and the time is 8:30 and I
have rehearsal story in one hour so we
could get our H together admittedly I'm
not as prepared fast as I usually am but
it's okay I'm not as prepared for
anything as I usually am I think I'm
just getting better at doing things with
less preparation that's what I truly
believe because like a TTY of course was
a different show but I had to like do
this intense like warm-up stuff because
of dancing but these days I'm just able
to I roll with the punches a little bit
more who's gonna be sick have a good
time hotel rooms in my house and pizza
and Cinnabons the car leave my god damn
nice we are here who's a showers real
nice if I would show you the progress of
the tattoo so oddly there's also when
I'm in bum I told you yesterday and I'm
gonna show you that window and this no
no that's one of my leg maybe I should
want my leg hold on a frisky here look
you see it this year this year this year
rewind keys here Brad well it doesn't
like that baby voice crap I apologize
our notes so remember when I'm tired I
do mad all the voices like I wanna do it
that's how you know we retired if like
she starts acting like a brat so my bag
my ears just popped black like me right
now try to remember all of my rap songs
voices are pretty much got nah nothing
all voice is just a first track and then
IV i v-i so when I perform it's always
my job to the city's eyes I remember the
order of city sauce London Trinidad
Singapore Billy Malaysia Mumbai girl in
LA
UK Sydney UK UK Punjab Auckland New York
No
Birmingham Punjab oxen New York and then
UK Sydney do buying wherever we are the
Philippines we're going to do it alright
we've done our soundcheck feeling good
doing good by the way help up here I
tell you here and then we think I love
this one with homeless we say oh I don't
know if we're going to perform these
songs again am i feel well I don't know
we're gonna finish off and so seamlessly
grab make some new ish what up back to
my hotel was 1:30 I wake about 8:15 to
my hair braided day of press got my boss
show then I got you to press in the next
morning I leave for Hong Kong so a lot
is gonna happen tomorrow I don't wanna
get as much rest as possible but for not
let's see how we did today
thanks for joining me on today I'm so
excited for tomorrow my friends Alex
Lauren are over here is gonna be great
and fantastic and I cannot win obviously
I love the formula couples who would say
follow them and destroy some problem
answers during the whole Bank the whole
shebang otherwise yo appreciate you
appreciate your time appreciate your
love pictures your energy appreciate
everything about you and no peace the
peace
I really do L get a good day I motivate
go home cuckoo did you like it described
if you liked it subscribe oh my god this
picture is crooked it's driving me crazy
oh my god I need a level or so um from
your level or my OCD just like the
bigger is looking good look alike look
who's melting um hey Kat actually wait
is it straight
