struck a tripod to my window good
afternoon
I slept in so much day I actually got
out of bed at like 1:40 p.m. have zero
regrets because last night I worked so
so hard I woke up I stretched because
that's something I'm trying to do every
morning stretch and myself feel good so
many cracks
by the way am i stretching around my
popping popcorn y'all never know and I
am really exciting leisure day it's
actually not that exciting exciting to
me it might not be exciting to you but
here is the mission for today you and
I'm kind of creative for a video I'm
trying to shoot with someone very very
cool I have to finish clip one and
script 2 because I have two video shoots
tomorrow I have to send a massive email
about this vlog channel I'll tell you
more about that in a little bit I just
got to a bunch of things and fill out my
physical calendars I also want to clean
my washroom because I know tomorrow's
rejuvenation Sunday but I'll be busy so
I want to do that today and end the
night I want to watch the Wonder Woman
and schedule some inspiration but aside
from all of that I don't want to work in
the clothes I just woke up and feeling
like I just woke up so I'm now on going
to wake up take a shower
congratulate but also like change my
clothes ocular tip if you want to do
work make yourself feel like you want to
do or take a shower change your clothes
I know you're at home you want to wear
sweats put on some clothes jeans
something that's a little bit less super
comfortable sleeping and feel like your
time is here to be productive and do
some work so that's what I am going to
do right now I'm going to change and
just like that and if you haven't had a
productive day yet you still got time
what up t-shirt reference video shoots
oh the wrong way
god damn it forgot to tell you when I
was just digging shower actually clean
my shell in the process so give it all
bonus points some based on my mom and
she's going out and we're going to a
wedding right yes right and I'm like I
went a FaceTime you look so pretty and
she's like what my eyelashes aren't on
yet regardless of that look at my mom
and I'll freeze yet to super look at
this
Queen goddess forgive her I don't see
any flaws there you're perfectly
flawless okay is good okay so I'm pretty
much have a good foundation for both of
my scripts I know what each of you is
going to be about and now I'm just stuck
in the weeds of like figuring out what
the exact script is I want to step away
from this for a second because I'm
getting to the point of not being
productive and move on to something else
even when I'm sit upstairs for a second
change my environment take a little
break and come back BRB okay I'm not
gonna live took a 45-minute nap but I'm
back and I've started noting things off
my to-do list like just sent that
massive email give me the points or let
me go boy
let's try and say something in your
language as well that I'm not fluent in
American you'll get the joke when you
see a video I'm working on where I hang
the Wonder Woman which fun fact female
lead obviously email directed I am very
excited about some girl love all the way
feminists all the way I'm thrilled but
to go watch it we should leave because
parking is gonna be a mess you said
right did you have your support list
again it's really good this is good I'm
really jealous
I'm sorry I animated it actually that's
okay I have my cauliflower right so who
really wanted these are the shoes I'm
going to wear
here are the wings what do you look for
the movie one word fun
another what would you look for in a
movie one word entertainment whoa Lily
yes what do you look for in a movie one
word popcorn damn I'm not allowed to
bring my eyes into the theater so
there's an hour until the movie because
the show we just went to right now is
kind of full when we're trying to go to
we're going to walk around for an hour
and I think that means she was sick long
time and it's two times in a row I have
started shooting it turns up that is the
second time there's acid already sign
boom number this time my life the red
marker which means it was one of those
bulk ones boom I think everyone should
buy this book everyone in this store
I think you should all buy this book can
I get one of those yes kind sir that I
do not know that is not a paid actor you
should buy this book it's so good it is
a guide book on how to be the best
version of yourself and how to not just
survive life but conquer it I'm doing it
I'm buying this book because of a quick
skim through it and it caught my eye and
it has some really great like tips for
making videos and film but I feel like I
could learn from one you know I'm all
while learning so this is a really great
schedule inspiration piece I just picked
up and I'm so real this young man wants
to be in my vlog what's your name mark
mark hey my new channel yeah okay
Elizondo you can describe randomly all
right not not the first time you've ever
done that also harder my friend very
good very very good oh oh
Here I am again wow wow this book
changed my life didn't it this book I've
heard this one right here changes my
life let me take a look yeah how much is
it because it looks like it's what oh
this is not until my right right
priceless perfect when you're next to
your youtube crush yeah well ping-pong
that's not a side
nada nada nada this is for you
I wanted to sighs Wow I'm definitely
going to get this are you actually why
not for the one you're gonna giggle at
this theater I don't understand this
I've never seen before
you buy a popcorn and then they ask do
you want your refill right away so give
you another one I'm like so essentially
what they do just two bags of popcorn
it's like not one but then we give you
the reason for almost one - complaining
I'm not complaining but I just have
never seen it no one's complaining about
the velcro but it's great probably the
lighting right now on you very dramatic
the overhead yeah I got the raccoon -
okay
that movie was effing awesome I liked it
so goddamn much it was so good she
killed it a director kills it was so
good in my surgery you're not
exaggerating you know it was a really
goddamn good oh my god jeepers oh she's
hot she's like perfection her face was
perfect it was so well done I'm gonna
tell you my Marie or another some a few
cornball moments let the epic moment way
made up for them there are so many epic
scenes and I don't want to make this all
about being a woman but especially being
a woman watching a woman like superhero
I was just like my reactors yeah like
you know call me and say well yes oh why
can't I do that was me I was like she is
killing it they made it look so epic in
the girls in front of me the room for me
they're like oh my god yes like that
woman pride and girl power was so there
through and through it was so great and
like it was really well shot so I'm
frame was so impressed I recommend
everyone seen it was so bad damn good
that I would think I like our last no
certainty not a woman of many words I'm
going to go see it again the fight
scenes I don't know if you guys know
what I like to do fight scenes and I was
like really fun and it's slow motion
slow motion where we're with and we
don't love snow - slow slow motion it
was done so goddamn well oh my god
sometimes slow motion and fight scenes
lets you see where they're faking it but
it looked really good but I'm not gonna
jump off my bed and try to do half those
things right now so let's meet me
tomorrow and cast but now we're gonna go
drop not home I see words haven't eaten
like trash and so long so I ate popcorn
now I'm like my stomach is like wait
that's not we're being held he's okay I
told myself when I started to eat like
the home-cooked food
like when you go to movies you can have
a popcorn because you're not on a dyers
you'd be healthy you can have a popcorn
but you know you start eating healthy
and then you eat something that's like
not 12 your body's like whoa without
sort of feeling right now but you now
time it is about 2:00 a.m. but I got to
format some scripts for tomorrow's
shoots so that's what we're doing no
sleep yet
cool beans and pretty much done my
scripts I've tweaked them and now I just
do like I know I said I was before math
and last time but my she's got one smile
so I can actually wake up and format
them but they're like solid and good to
go all I have to do is convert them to a
readable format so that's all good I
said I was gonna clean my washroom I'm
gonna quickly do that because I said I
was going to go on digging my Seng clean
my toilet and I still want to see more
points oh hold on just finished a little
workout killing it today there's almost
everything on my to-do list here I gotta
make it to do is so impossible fish
everything but almost everything was
finished in fact I mean gonna face mask
right now a friend the slob give me
points for clothes mask let's see how we
did
ha ha thanks for joining in today super
productive day Wonder Woman with a bomb
I recommend all of you to watch it so so
good Trinidad reminder June 13th I'm
gonna bust all the wine right up to 32
shows link is in the description triple
the reality become such tour to show and
to meet me get your tickets Trinidad and
Tobago tomorrow show you two videos
doing a bunch of other work because the
hustle don't stop are we out here level
two level three high your level type
thing even tell them if you like it
that's good if you like it subscribe
just a note to say no matter what time
it is where you are morning afternoon
night doesn't matter a lot of people in
the world are going through a lot of
crappy things today and I want to keep
talking about I know you know you know
you watch the news if you feel helpless
something you can do every single days
be grateful for what you do have to take
a moment
be grateful sending you all the vibes
