good morning oh baby what's up good
morning Dubai I am feeling so alive I
woke up at 9 8:30 now which is pretty
good because I should have woken up in
like the middle of the night went about
three ish over by 9 FX six hours of
sleep I'm content I'm so awake I'm
showing a few hours jet-lagged and be
like I am so excited about today now
making videos for seven years it takes a
lot for me to be really excited about a
video like oh my god I'm so excited
concept but today is that here's what's
happening here is the mission for today
you first I'm going to go out to this
place called jbr Jumeirah Beach Resort
residence resort something like that I'm
gonna have some lunch with my homeboy
with tour manager and then I'm gonna
come back home take a shower get ready
and we are going to go to the desert I
love going to the desert not only are we
going to go and like enjoy the vibe I'm
trying to shoot a music video who or
munge eat I'll tell you more about that
in a second after that in the desert I
have a very important conference call I
cannot miss so I'm going to take the
call from the desert then I'm gonna have
some dinner maybe wash and belly dancers
come back home those all my emails send
some stuff and then more than anything
happen for my show tomorrow because the
show day we're going back in the vibe
but let me tell you how about this music
it'll hold on she's getting ready
alright so if you remember back in India
Shelton Singh was nervous to not get
laughing we're singing but I shot this
video and it was a go 1/2 minute music
video and everyone's like what is that
smell where's that coming out well I
have it released because it's only man
and a half and I want to make like three
of those if when Jeep's was a rapper
style video so I'm shooting one in the
desert no matter how sick one gonna meet
India one's gonna be in Dubai you know
the material is going to be but that's
what I'm shooting and happens bad habit
right let me break it down for you one
of my weaknesses is when I do projects
like this I try to do way too much so
I'm like okay well blow the desert of
all that does is like an intolerable
place to say for a long amount of time
for obvious reasons very hot but then
I'm like I'll do a photoshoot rasili
check this outfit asleep and then I'm
just like calm down you don't need to do
everything in the desert pick one thing
enjoy that thing in the desert and then
enjoy the rest of your time in the
desert for me I'm the type of person
that's extracting my I'm back to the
desert which I think should be where
props put it where she will indeed music
video and I'm gonna enjoy the rest of
the time in the desert first and don't
eat some food let me show you a little
bit of Dubai
I'm in Dubai dad hot it's hot it's hot
I'm hot right now a lot of water weights
being lost right now tomboy swag all day
everyday
koalas here we're about to go into the
desert right now so sighs the quality
first time we go dune bashing i'ma die
you might throw up
why am I gonna order this the wet this
that's what it look like last night when
I locked it let's go
Oh
and all my family my other blog ever
I bought up a dreamer time was graceful
gonna get her a second I saw that mother
of our part her another effect exactly
the brakes were not cooperate much as
like not strong enough to battles are
doing so sometimes we have their way
with me one over this thing right here
tell right off it hella dangerous don't
tell my mom but we're almost this place
is going to shoot Rick right now my
buddy the green one of the most
specific tax reaches of my life almost
possum so that my but the move down here
the desert is coming over there sands
bitch relief
everywhere they retail cleaners out yeah
my camera won't focus anymore because
it's doing the weird thing with it then
why is my hair out well I have a raging
migraine first of all that video I'm so
that happened but I've never experienced
a type of exhaustion and dehydration as
I did while shooting that video because
like I was drinking water the water was
boiling hot I was drinking also thoughts
just like getting dizzy and stuff and we
did it and I had a conference call and
I'm a raging migraine and there's so
much sand in my hair like I can
literally like distance and will come
out like this so I have to take my
braids and wash my hair I take out red
washer and impossible for dinner but
first I need to take a shower of there's
sand everywhere the desert mad
unforgiving mad I'm for keeping so when
I tell I essentially hurt three parts I
got a cut on my legs and my tailbone
flash bump and my arm when Kyle's tumble
Armos I don't know what you're talking
about there's only like a few hours
fresh to get rid of it I don't know if
you can see the formation so that's just
two hours fresh so when to the end of a
ginormous bruise on my arm for the rest
of the tour and be very ugly Hollywood
tomorrow and the rest of the tour and
please be gentle with my right arm when
you come and hug me Germany in Greece
because I've heard some goddamn like but
worth it oh I got warp to the ground
like I cannot express and I had hurts
just thinking about it yet right it's
hitting a little bit body's rough we're
at by balls can be lit Lego walk into
the mall like
inside the mall though
and this fat cow Lucy's baskin-robbins
where do you see it Oh if there are
three X bas going on like a chronic
Hockey Canada yeh casually the world
close building yes it be to see in power
because the bike is like that you're
what happen to you yes please yes please
probably the hungry so in order that
much
when all your fans meet you at the model
hot box women true probe Lily after City
I just said I'd talk to you how dare you
reverse dodging experience of my job are
we gonna go back at those I'm so tired
yet like I just slapped me actually what
I'm jet lag it's midnight I'm supposed
to be tired it's one my god okay it's
one I'm doing quite well
any nap total goddamn game very play a
productive day before see how we did
today I gotta tell you that this week's
shine text is about investing in
yourself the importance when your time
energy money towards being the best
version of yourself you don't know what
I'm talking about you can get boughs
tips sent to your phone they're really
motivational feel-good texts that come
to your phone if you're an international
somewhere and the code doesn't work you
can always do it on Facebook as well
text alert vows to seven five nine eight
five and you will get a wicked mouth
tips if I do then I'll put on screen
right here as well just little ball soup
which context you know what's up let's
see how we did today
so it stopped when lady so it was a very
very productive day I thought look this
is gonna turn into a thing I'll give you
progress of my blues as we go on
I'm so happy to see this video it's
going to be really awesome so say for my
Dubai show tomorrow gonna be dope can I
wait acid by I'm heading to the
Philippine so yo I'm traveling around
the world to me tickets loosing book.com
slash tours where you can go and he'll
smell good if you like it subscribe if
you like it minor detail after wake up
in six hours love interview at 7:30 but
yo the Hustle is real harder should have
ever done today thank you so much for
joining me my video maker is back in two
swallows right there
my last vlog is right over there show
them some love
also my Instagram stories I use those
now they're late their fire do other
things but you own if you want if you
don't that's cool
