somehow some way I did that was a 130
and I had a leave the airport in 50
minutes maybe max 30 minutes I when I
woke up this morning had nothing in my
suitcases it was like really whack at
these next 17 hours to pack but somehow
I have pulled it together and done it I
think I have 11 open to my 11 shows I
definitely don't have a costume though
for fan fest for Philippines but humble
still coming from LA on one of my to our
staffs is me can't tell you which one
quickly he can meet me halfway and give
me that outfit for the Philippines
hopefully it just gonna happen I know
what epic I know what's happening but
here's what's happy to here's the
mission you play to finish packing so
rappers are playing right now I'm going
to send my goodbyes to them it's really
just about I'm not getting swept at this
point after that I'm again on my flight
is a non-stop 16-hour flight to Dubai on
that flight can't sleep all 16 hours I
got do some glurk I'm going to write
some music because I'm trying to shoot
something the desert and then aside from
all that is just about getting myself
centered again going over my show again
cuz you're officially back in tour mode
and hustle don't stop here we go over
the rapper's winning no when I getting
hurt oh I gonna miss you I miss you guys
but come back to LA humble gonna be here
waiting at the plasmon one random soft
yes if I yes
humble also work elastic humble coffee
glass today on ball Bravo glass today
you're any kind
I'm ready around what three three three
the longest one good visit one more
excited those the drive to the airport
here when we're a little bit like
because it's such a long journey
and we leave our friends but I have a
friend with me Thursday and we're going
to new places for you I know in Malaysia
Philippines I've never been I've never
been through this before and most life
is actually so good over time
we have new boxes of the box letters by
the way I do traveling with three of
them we go to counted every guy's like
oh he says you buxom we're like 50 bucks
you'll find me the effort but okay I was
like everyone 75 like member I was that
before or after 50 bucks that we were
told you split up 125 dollars yeah and
then I'm like if I got a business class
flight because friggin someone beautiful
give it to me and so I'm like could
every I guess into the lounge is
wonderful guessing oh yeah that'll be a
hundred dollars in like for some extra
chips it's also hundred nah I don't you
want our firstborn child to I was like
are you Rumplestiltskin let's go to
Rocky
do you recognize this area this is the
area where last time very thank you like
a series all right will it be in a nut
case right out here you do anything to
see any friends a Chinese place panda
and I'm like oh yes I'm so food stuff
and like a lotta stuff the other side to
ensure that everything has chicken sauce
I'm like hey I'll leave now not a single
register and all sort of like that
what's up but that's some bad news
the Raptors are officially out of the
playoffs they lost today they got sweeps
by Cleveland for nothing in the series
last year we were the only team that
beat them this year we couldn't make it
happen they're undefeated next year we
still the north I'm a proud rappers all
day every day well we have to wait all
next year
sixteen hours ago blessed to have this
wonderful see some wonderful member of
my team actually paid for my upgrade for
the flight I was very sweet and a lot of
work done and I'm also sleep and it can
be greatly like given degree you guys
watch that yes I'm talking to myself
also really thanks going to buy one of
my favorite places I know I set up a lot
of literature like a lot of places in
the world but when I came for AC wives
was a bit challenging because you're a
call from my documentary Moran up on
stage you're fine I'm not about Ernest
you know person I'm sure they're
wonderful and great which is I remember
having some challenge of the last show
so I'm hoping to go and have a great
experience and have none of those types
of situations or hiccups and Hugh
Jackman is Kyle's first time in Dubai I
just love being in the desert so cool
though yeah look at an event my malaria
let's take off at 5:06 p.m. and Dubai is
406 am from bill monthly I was try to
like adjustable quick I'm going to suck
seriously pull over and wake up and work
so I'm not optimal really I just want to
sleep right now and I think that was it
I'm just like justifying why I should
happen we don't manage all key to
whatever I want see whatever I wanted
log out the window because there's 12
hours left and it's not work the next
step in our equity that'll be the mill
overnight la but not suffice so try I do
by ie in you just like the airport with
a gopher over Kyle's coming over
examples of too far excited I'm like
calling you a I don't know this is just
a brown thing and if it's not I
apologize from ignorance but I only know
my brown friends notice these cookies
you don't want to come to the tin
goddamn tin and open it and you'll be
lucky if they're cooking for my mom
useful like button and grab in that day
but these cookies right here these
cookies right here called you know both
these cookies they're delicious
do you know what these are the kids oh
yeah they come in like a test oh I
thought it was the brown thing would've
probably just so long ago so mom my mom
is put buttons in the tin thing so
everyone's well I get off yeah oh yeah
we hear me out here in Dubai hot as hell
in this nighttime I always feel so like
bad when people moved here for Kazan to
of a 16-hour flight so I'm looking like
butt crack yelling like those and I'm
like hey I love it appreciate every
school time and so say we're hotel now
if this is how hot is during the night
wanna go straight up melting today right
what's poppin off at my hotel the time
is almost nighttime TV times 92 - but
like I'm on the opposite time going
right now you've got I did kind of well
on the fly not as well as I should have
done
I said to the last four hours but that's
not as good as I should have done I'm
into a couple hours of work send some
emails catch up on some things and I'll
talk to you in a little bit or some food
- and also and poop everything's going
great
all right two things number one Shahrukh
is also in Dubai I'm just like you going
out for with me right now
dope boom that what to do kappa and when
Shahrukh is also a movie and another
cool thing was I was supposed to go to
Trinidad and also excited women mature
that they got changed when I was
supposed to ensure that Nikki was there
Nikki Bella my girl which was Vida
together I mean will was there it sounds
like the world is becoming so much of a
smaller place both with those internet
charges in Dubai it was like oh my god I
keep travelling like this and people are
anyways it's a dangerous situation
number two is that I just saw this
really cool thing so you know about my
omae's campaign how you can donate for a
chance to my trip to Singapore on my
last tour top and all the proceeds go to
the work of UNICEF you can actually
donate as a gift so somebody treat me
being like my friends gave me a gift and
it was a donation and therefore I got
250 entries into the contest so if you
want to gift someone another team's who
prefer a chance for an trip to Singapore
term you can do so maze accomplished
really it's going to end in a few days
but you can she gift donations there's
always really really cool cause like
what better get to be like you know
online yes you supported the women of
through UNICEF that's awesome so you
want to do that leave in the description
I'm going it to work now by e time is 1
a.m. and I'm gonna record a song real
quick that I just wrote it's going to be
a rough on doesn't get the final scream
is use it as a reference point to shoot
so I go to the desert and she's really
really short thing with Wendy's not like
a full fledged music real this small
music video for video everyone was never
really a long time so that's what I'm
doing I brought my mic and everything
always in my suitcase a time pack oh
yeah yeah I had this little stand and
it's got the attachment piece so we bout
to get scrappy right now there's a
vinegar right all right drop riksha I am
done for the day I have one more thing
to do but I can do a well fall asleep in
bed it is for a call I have tomorrow
evening first bunch of do calls when
you're on tour because it feels like
more
bringing them like millions and a time
is 2:30 a.m. sink I'm kind of getting
sleepy now so I'm gonna go drink some
water go to sleep I don't know how long
is vloggers really long or how many days
it is but you let's see how we did
I wanna say we went above and beyond
today and really got there up there this
is on the toilet on the city's length
which is game for Titanic or legs which
if you're watching vielen so use it to
buy again cement to buy my shows make
antic the syllabus listing book.com
slash torque I'm so excited so many
learner Justin Beaver's here Charles
here is mad people are up do right now
will bite Helena they do by Banamex do
but anyway $107 morrow if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe the
shower right a malignant or leg a
mermaid on de road on de road on de road
on de road Hana got a white a fishy is
anything which is diminishing simply
Honda Ghazi under of the Honda go see
