getting jiggy with another Man Man Man
Man Man good money time is 9:30 I need
to rush downstairs if someone is about
to start but today's gonna be a very
very very exciting day legs are kind of
broken and I'm still kind of tired but
it doesn't matter because the mission is
used today the last day of creator
summit I'm going to go down to the
summit yes they're kind of on time hi
today I'm not only to listen to amazing
speakers I have the privilege of meeting
and interviewing will mother-effing
submit that is right I am stoked to
reverse whether a medium finish the
summit everyone else is going to
broadcast i'ma go back to my hotel room
record a rant for today because the skip
portion is on the round portion not then
I thought yes the airport gets my flight
back to LA and go down a size small that
a little bit tired or mustn't let that
faze me and I'm not going to be any less
inspired I want to go downstairs and so
can all the inspiration will
mother-effing Smith
yeah I know
solely people who I don't like first and
foremost we don't jump into you gotta
get you know want to have told you in
private but I'm going to take one I just
think what you do and waited into it is
is massively clever and it is very
difficult and of it because I'm an actor
they show a lot of things people know
they enjoy what you do but they don't
actually see the difficulty of what is
accomplished for characters at one time
to be able to set I'm on that shot to
make it cut fast enough it did you
brainy illusion as you're seeing the
space with all four characters and then
the one that if you look at
maybe the ones who shopping go to war to
shine and just with life that is really
really difficult
like what anybody did with the coffee
and some having everyone here you're so
humble denominators oh love you it
absolutely
so will it great
connecting having it first of all I walk
into the dressing room right and was
like the boss is here and I was like so
what he knew in my book can you might
really knew there's no funny Madame Zizi
he knew my characters all that are you
kidding me the girl you're hilarious
always awesome so he's talking to you
about my videos and I'm like already so
gasps he goes on stage because I'm
moderated I'm doing two names and as I
can discover reload Republicans do and
in front of everyone and everybody
he was like Lily you're amazing and you
like shot by shot I don't understand is
acting my videos and be like I love how
you do this shot I look like this is the
characters music causing my videos also
everyone objects in front of everybody
like holy like really honest men
and then last out when he was always
alone knows like where we should have
water and turn it on
sounds like that was like I don't know
are you so cool and smart and can you
insightful Brendon yes what is just
American air like this and not only feel
like lily and other prayers and like
what other people would say actually
like thank you thank there is the Redman
scary rub your shoulder and my back oh
you're back I like know the spot and I
thanks great like thank you it's about
more about this coach what is my life so
I am feeling so blessed and grateful
shout out to YouTube it's almost so good
all the creators really really liked it
and will goddamn live a holy crap I'm
not gonna go this or a while I was like
sitting on stage and he's like
dissecting you only do this thing's your
parent character than you knew how to do
the cuts fast enough for people to
understand what I was just like you're
talking more videos in such detail right
now I dunno you knew I existed I want
every I want to make every person feel
all Will Smith made me do order walks
into a room or even the biggest
inspirations is meeting people like
Dwayne like Selena like Wilson's are so
nice where you're like I want to make
people feel how you just made me feel
right now you made me feel so of value
and so important and so special and
that's how you ever make people feel
also after the panel I asked him some
private question have this thing where I
meet someone really influential owners
ask them something I'm nugget of wisdom
they could give me so I asked him a
question and as manager question as well
I was just like yo I dropped some
knowledge and they did and it was just
he doesn't just give an answer he likes
thinks about it will give you a 200%
answer I love you was like hey do you
wanna vlog basically joke was and I was
teaching about vlogging he's like well
autumn like what are you saying
something like well you're chill and
then when you turn the camera goes good
yeah what's going on is like big
explosive he thought it was so funny so
when I showed up in person he was like
you all right he's so funny and so
awesome oh my god I'm overjoyed I'm
overjoyed and humbled and grateful and
just all types of gratitude I feeling
right now this has been awesome
but now I need to get off that hype
right now because everyone else is
leaving history there had to go on a
boat go to brandcast I can't go to
brandcast I have to leave I'm gonna
leave all my friends because I go back
to LA because I got tour stuff and I
can't afford another night in New York
so I have three hours until my car picks
me up I'm going to a court of rent
because half of my video is done today
but not the whole thing's almost a
quarter round
and get to work let's do it I just wish
my rent and I noticed that outside my
window
that's the Statue of Liberty did not
occur to me I've not gone to Statue of
Liberty in my adult life I was a very
little girl I don't really remember it
and there it is very cool
we don't want stupid I am also hard to
use mirror because like I have to like
turn and do the thing and I don't know
if I said this pose is very difficult if
I got some here they got a turn or don't
or you don't or don't have an hour and I
have to spare him or some food watch
some shows living my best life I'm
blessed blessed life I'm grateful I'm
feeling good I'm happy feel rejuvenated
I'm so happy I actually was not supposed
to come to creator summer and I was
reluctantly like I told Terry I'm like I
can't come so I'm supposed to have my
trade show when I moved my Trinidad show
because of exams turnout it didn't even
occur to me I could go to creator summit
I check my calendar and I was like oh my
god you can come now with that small
change I've been able to come in a day
and a half here see all my friends meet
Will Smith got to us there is almond
talk as well who's from the night of who
is from the Oh a who's an MC just like
it was just like vibes on vibes on vibes
all with a small change and I just feel
so blessed and grateful and that peace
right now which is great because even
following my vlogs in a philosopher but
I've been feeling some type of way and
feeling like oh not my best off I feel
really good at this present moment it
doesn't matter how I feel five minutes
now it doesn't matter how about five
minutes ago at this current moment I am
feeling so calm and at peace and that
makes me happy yeah oh damn these plays
though the water playing to them nice
we probably way more exciting in real
life than it is in the vlog I apologize
but it's just like damn damn damn damn
it's going to landed landing Wow it's
hovering Wow Wow is everything okay what
is happening here
very concerned actually cook goodbye
we're drink the water that's really kind
of goddamn cool Oh got a selection up
for June diversion make up as much
because I'm not used to talking with my
camera bag anymore I forgot it like on
the plane at the check-in kiosk in the
car I just need to have this wrapped my
body you seem involved without their
reach to the screen and smack you're
heading to the airport and I've got some
at the airport you are here so say good
night last flight is delayed three hours
which means I could have went to
brandcast
although that sucks because I know was
performing there and I know who's
hosting someone dope and I know that I'm
not even going to be ungrateful and mad
about it because I had an amazing day
and it's ok ok it's just like so like
three hours is exactly enough amount of
time that I could have went to broadcast
like that it kind of came but it's all
good guys had a great day and I'm not
gonna be ungrateful to play balls out
but now I have like five hours but my
flight fun fact this is the exact same
spot I said injured are really bad
blizzard in New York and I was stranded
here as well talk attends airport many
times but I made a lot of work done
right now that's a goal there we go oh
how to be a boss I'll just like a I'm
gonna sign all of these books like okay
no free cream again and then maybe you
can put some higher on the shelf she's
like we were like great cuz their side
hustle my way to the top no climbed
ladders go up or you don't actually is
my video and I'm at times I'm like
you're me feel like a one-hour massage
why come from Madrid
oops Emma Nellie who hung light of my
life
coldest light is a plug this for an and
for some reason my crazy friends humble
and honest I like will take you out the
chance I was like I'll just over it but
I really they've grown into the car and
are going to pick me up and I'm sure
it'll be ridiculous so one of the
resistances what is happening all
pretty good my friends are great
inclusive not ugly but they're doing me
to get things to make people see what
the hell are you doing what is this
you're crazy Versace driving is one of
those things I don't actually believe
that I can do and then I see them like
is this real I'm sure hablo trees at the
second side that's right um so I'm gonna
have an Oreo McFlurry really Debbie
milkshakes oh you have milkshake no okay
what do you want no for no reason we're
gonna open the top it's not even hot but
we need to do it for the experience
oh my god what's happening now you're
gonna freeze even though money anything
damn damn the decisions not uh makes in
life I will just never comprehend that's
all right pretty good this is actually
appropriate now
LaBarbara dad wants to follow just a few
Menomonee in available on the double
bypass bling when the bad color
to pick me up friends no problem I
venture a great time at saucers so nada
has changed her text tone to a clip from
my last video when you're scared of
spiders when you from when I wondered
just when I check so I'm going to text
you right now i'ma text you right now
and we're gonna see what her text tone
is yes a Cuban big girl right it's me
screaming for my video McDonald's
breakfast on the floor it is 6:00 a.m. I
should probably end this vlog probably
wash my face all the worse because now
I'm officially screwed over my sleep
schedule not me JetBlue
tomorrow I gotta spend the day writing
and working on video stuff and banking
some videos I'm leaving for Dubai on
Sunday Dubai get your goddamn tickets
listen books.com / tour really site to
come back and be sick man there's so few
tickets left as well so you can go ahead
and do that if you would like to do that
but let's see how we did today
the answers we did pretty goddamn good
good we're Matt well Matt I just broke
down everything I told everything both
stuff I can wonderful and grade was I
would have a good time at I'm put there
on the toilet good absolutely what is
mandamus colon and I don't know why
that's not so important what's important
a great inspirational wonderful
fantastic day I am home for two and a
half days I have a lot of substitution
half day so we're going to get on the
grind but for now it is 6:30 a.m. so we
should sleep in till tomorrow hmmm if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe you know you check out my new
video the one that matters retorted from
it is down there is the call when you're
scared spider in my last vlog is there
as well
also be having your done so you can
donate to my wonderful of my campaign
all the proceeds go towards helping
women through the work of UNICEF and
you'll be automatically entered for a
chance to fly you want to find to
Singapore come to the last stop of my
torso dududududududu it
