it's our last flight good morning the
time is way too early o'clock as I click
something no maybe even 7:00 now we're
about to board our flight to Singapore
soon it is our last small flight our
last destination it is a laughing of
tours
okay we are rusted an emotional rough
day for me we're going to make it count
while it's also very sad return to our
usual routine I'm trying to find a
McDonalds because we're trashed I'm
going to go through security and stuff
like that today's mission you kinda
McDonald slide a Singapore land and
Singapore nap and Singapore do my makeup
meet and greet some peeps do the show me
some golden ticket winners enjoy the
night in Singapore we might even go
clubbing we might even be trashed we're
going close and aside from that I really
just want to take in the last day of
tour I don't want to be an autopilot I
don't want to do things with muscle
memory I want to take in every moment of
today it is the last day of our second
of world tour that's through it there's
sugar on my face in the donut I just ate
we're off to a great great exactly
finished it we couldn't find McDonald's
so we're actually being classes not an
offer but after we changed the tour
change that Singapore wearing you I am
so I feel like the most tired I've been
I think on tour so randomly last day
morning I'm sex maybe a emotional
official the letters have made it
through for the last joke I mean of
course it's treated as still but you'll
copy now when please you can think I'm
going to get off by giving slide
remember
I am in my favorite place I love it they
be so happy the weather is not great
which I was not expecting but how I
adore Singapore just absolutely stunning
and always I'm so happy to be your
thrills over the moon I hope we get
study soon hopefully hopefully oh hello
her name shall be Peters City oh I
cannot explain how tired and it's so
where this is the last day I know turn
an assassin June 30 by me like last
consecutive day of tour feels like the
end of tour turned out is always like
that outlier that's like way way after
tour is done so I technically in my mind
this is the end of poor because the end
of like back-to-back travels and stuff
like that I'm at the most try driving
tour I think my body's like Oh last day
now I can tell you how I really feel I'm
definitely I'm gonna take like a 3-hour
nap BIA right now three hour not it
feels very grateful feel at ease if you
let peace we have some sentimental talks
later for sure for sure we are because I
feel it coming either today or tomorrow
for now we nap Peter I'm sorry I gotta
with you later Peter when no amount of
sleep is enough but that just happened
something okay good morning
last change room
yes Krispy Kreme custom-made wearing a
little funky pineapple shirt
I specifically saved this last show
because my favorite shirt we're about to
do our last meet and greet I'm gonna
embrace every hug I don't know the next
time we do a meet-and-greet could be
here I have no idea I should open turn
that but still the point is for this
door and embrace it blast me angry is
200 people super poor let's do it
ah
hi what's your name are you kind of the
show tonight what's your favorite thing
about Lily how long have you been
watching Lily your first time meeting
her when you're having a meltdown what's
your name and you made us don't sure
those are like the real letters aren't
they from the stage true fan what's your
name
and what's your name all right guys all
excited for tonight this is Lina Lina
what are you tell a story about what you
did for another team super member
thank you friend always be there for all
of us to do something
haha
hi hey yo Griff
you want to be above everyone Sushil you
have to learn how to master your money
my reasons energy man have such
butterflies in my stomach I've done this
show 30 times and I'm so nervous because
the last time I know Trinidad I know I'm
not trying to disrespect you traitor I
know I'm coming but you know what I mean
like two months of traveling churches a
month away I have such butterflies is
exactly how I felt when I end up hcy
know it it's like a very bittersweet
feeling where I am very happy because
I'm Michael I am so tired today I think
my body's like yo this is I can't do
this anymore so I think it's good that
is ending customising that you know and
I'm excited cuz I do have a lot of
things planned post Torah I'm really
excited when some you don't some you
don't know about I'm excited to like
focus and get back into routine but I'm
so goddamn sad like I would be lying if
I said I was not feeling so heavy in my
heart I'm just gonna literally tell
something probably listen can I just
spend five minutes looking at all of you
I just even when I perform sometimes
like I'm looking at a tooth I don't
always make eye contact with you because
like a performers trick you look above
the eye line and you try look at
everyone and sometimes you see lights
okay I'm just like look at people and
just be like I don't get to see you guys
I'm so goddamn sad and I'm gonna miss
you and I'm gonna miss this and I'm
feeling all the goddamn videos right now
last show is always really really hard
the good news is the omae's winner
Alejandra is here from New York she pull
all the way to Singapore she's the
winner of the omae's campaign thank you
to everyone that put in donations you
helped contribute make such a difference
to so many people who work of UNICEF so
thank you so much may turn just a little
bit for now I'm gonna sit here and start
wall and the omae's winner is Andy a
little brother all the way from New York
all the way to Singapore so like you
know a couple hours like nobody else we
job their way over here not good well
yes whisper excited braids up oh snap
way to look at also helping out me
matching that requested ones it's gonna
be sick I'm so glad you're here
congratulations it's gonna be amazing
I'm gonna probably cry at the end of the
show so you're gonna learn with you okay
it's gonna be fun
Ottawa is the back of the mold and
peanut oil
all right last tunnel been an amazing
job we got your net result out shell 30
I'll let you guys know I appreciate
everything I want to do you went amazing
to you I felt so taken care of so
wonderful I'm just so proud I think my
favorite part of shows when you guys be
honest you know really really great job
so thank you so much thank you thank you
Kara me making this happen
we're gonna go out there and peace you
lie to be about mmm I know it's about
the lighting about the slide and about
all the logistics are really at the end
of this about making a difference people
not going to go out there and we impact
people because people I remember what
you saying but what you do with the
always remember how you make them feel
we're gonna what they're make people
feel like a bus I'm sorry what we're
gonna end it right I'm gonna be so
emotional it doesn't matter to live in
the moment and be present thank you so
much for being my last show I am honored
for thrills and fattens we're gonna make
a cap let's do it
why do you have all schedule information
Bolsheviks have a rock and roll record
right one way reason for it has values
not party
what people feel valuable hot golden
value have open
ah
for a really long time you also 1 so it
is 1
give me all
just wrap my last show there are so many
emotions and feel I actually forgot a
part of the ending of the show whether
you put into the show it was really cute
part or i pinkie promise and kind of
beating myself up again forgot it but
I'm not beating myself up too much
because we disap even more special at
the end you'll see it on Instagram I'm
going to say it was Singaporeans you
didn't get this show I'll say that we're
going to end the show by a pinky promise
we're all going to make you're not
promising me no some sweet pears
promising yourself the promises that
you're not voice inside if you all of
you watching that voice inside of you
that tells you you can't do things that
voice is going to disappear today that
was going to die today because from this
point on you're going to master your
mind you're gonna hustle harder you know
make heads turn you're gonna be a
unicorn I survive like you're going to
conquer life I want you to promise
yourself that until the next tour you're
going to leave a bigger buff than you
were when you walked in all around the
rule to everything person came to my
show thank you for supporting my shelf
and beyond grateful I am so sad but we
have to net to shield on June 30th
edifice on tour I have so many wonderful
things that I have planned for you so
thank you for your support
we'll be sentimental later for now boss
book tour members island got me a bomber
jacket best thank you so much I love you
oh my god you want to kind of describe
it okay
I love thank you so much applause
personally I think you do that support
so much I will show you guys the front
little screen I got you try to hold me
down so what did you have you loved your
Twitter account positively Thank You Liz
I'm so funny okay
what are you basic 330 degrees I can
sound like a hind on your set the og
hands of eÃ«tion and I'm Anthony hi I'm
Colin if you were to say to everyone to
say that I smell baby Dino Lalli felt so
good home cook is such a good book
everyone should read what yesterday I
listened to a negotiated she's sorry I
could she's so good and always amazed
it's also good when a dad please please
go it's also good and I get to show it
out by god you're good
Oh
and the last golden ticket winner from
Singapore
nopal from the old man's video I said
Weber wins organs are told to celebrate
the tour then it's that mere weird right
now we're toasting to us what I believe
was a successful for and a right happy
to see a woman get it get it get it
getting so you're supposed to make it
silent but for the video okay and the
Safa I was very calm I was very calm
yeah consisting of what jumping it no
grip get to drift gets to everybody
first of all my classes dirty hmm
because we stay classy to national tour
I would like to thank my wonderful team
you guys are so awesome so wonderful I'm
lucky to have you work very hard to
slept very little Indicom diarrhea and I
remember in fact and I appreciate that a
lot of places you buy diarrhea and you
handled it and I'd appreciate that when
I want to say thank you to super for the
support and coming to my show and I
would like to bestow specifically is
actually for everyone going to the
campaign because your donations went to
ability to cause helping all the women
through UNICEF and lastly this toast is
for karma because I think you do so much
good work and that's why you won this
contest because in karma does exist and
listen to you my new friend thank you
for coming all the way to Singapore to
my fellow bosses yeah top that pinkie ho
hey myself good and that's why we're
kind of you and I know this is actually
the wrong unedited picture and I'll tell
you why using move it this looks like as
a whole in my Robert in the so in the
book it's well don't stop for that
cupcake it's not a whole it is a way of
dividing the winter including I'm in the
picture that evident God is like we're
just pretty cool we're pictures I'm
immature me in this mine we ready
Selena who you saw earlier who is a team
super old Jean member save I adore her
she's just so sweet made me and colleges
like pop figures how dope is this I'm
exactly my book cover and that look G
like how this legitimately looks like
you I didn't you I'm awesome thank you
so much me is such a joke insufficient
so much thank you the best know what's
going on but they don't know by the way
I get my daily shine texts that are
related to bow I actually
like the election of my breather and
calmness of the day today is about
appreciating things which is so relevant
because the tour ending and I appreciate
all of you that comes through the show
and I appreciate everything I've got in
my life right now if you want to get
these balls texts sent to your phone
that are sick and let seven-five-nine--
85 is where you can text the word boughs
to and you get those tips I appreciate
things open it to be grateful practice
gratitude and for all the people out
Koslow be like it's not working on my
phone because you live someone the world
that protects monopolized isn't
messengers where you can do to get that
text as well so you do it honestly one
of my favorite parts today and I think
you'll enjoy to my fellow bosses towards
I'm not turned out I not turned out
during I know what we're gonna go up to
the club on the roof right now and
celebrate and I'm sure we'll have some
sentimental talk before I go to sleep
before now let's go party hard because
we sure as all worked hard
a bottle Oh
the thymus forum talk about rallying
mother has been hard we all lasted
everybody at the club is a simple raging
right now I'm so sleepy look some really
tired right now as I begin to sleep and
have my flight in the morning but it's
not that early that's okay
all right I am going to go to bed I
promise and wash my makeup off I think
my lipstick all but I'm so so tired I
don't know if I'm gonna have a
sentimental moment right now and kind of
like a numb state or like kind of
gathered my thoughts yet so it might
happen tomorrow but I just want to say
team super I'm so so thankful we
finished our second world tour today and
you've been so supportive I have a lot
of things I want to talk about in
relation to the tour my feelings and
things I've learned maybe I'll save that
for tomorrow because right now I just
want to enjoy the moment not analyze it
so much and not dissect it so much and
just conclude by saying and forever and
debt to you and I'm so thankful and the
next one's just going to be bigger and
better and I can't wait for it let's see
how we did today
I'd say we goddamn passed with flying
goddamn colors yeah me good man eh
what's next from the ball book Trinidad
June 30th - shows listen book.com slash
tours where you can go will be my desert
my cherry on top one month from now and
tell them if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe that realization
when tomorrow was Monday honestly I'm
like just like I'm gonna be traveling
all day I might just vacate up I don't
know we'll see I'll get back to regular
videos I have no idea what's gonna
happen the next few days well right now
I know my knock the ass out please
