where will I get a pimple next good
morning afternoon New Zealand it is
Repat 2:30 p.m.
yes I said you know why no I did last
night I binge watch jane the virgin
until 5 a.m.
god dammit I was up on Netflix like
watching season 2 with on behind end of
season 2 I was like how you going to end
this I could either buy season 3 on
iTunes and I said have nose like Gino
girl
cowgirl but it's so goddamn good that
sounds real I'll go put this joy this
beautiful joy also you're going away
you're going away in your sacct ow ow
the pimples that aren't on the pimple
I'd like to research the water yesterday
which like a massive improvement than
usual I'm just saying I'm so hydrated
right now anyways here's the mission for
today we are going to go to the venue
apprecia is memorise right now for dubai
our makeup meeting with some people do
sound check to the show you can go to
ticket winners and then go to bed
because tomorrow we're heading to
Malaysia for summer Malaysia tomorrow
Malaysia the first out the fact Malta
I'm going to drink as much water as I
can I'm hoping my tomorrow do simples
like like okay is here my groom is Assad
on this it's an actual sauna you know
why because I slept like kind of naked
last night for the first time like ever
in my life I feel I don't use this
please make it no but I was like in the
hotel I got my under lock on this
evening and just enjoy these sheets
right here welcome in a parlous wet
a single tear oh this is a no-smoking
area sorry me my body got a leave yeah
okay rewind your cells grow alright
we're here it's time to do hair and
makeup so we're in my changes laughing
it's cooking in here nothing is better
than these mirrors right here oh I mean
it's not going to solve this I'm being
filmed deprecating I actually love
myself I don't care about people's was
just funny because it hurts so much
that's so ugly but I love myself there's
me kissing myself started kissing myself
maybe that's why I'm similar minor
detail about today's mission we gotta
add something new record a video after
the show somehow it's Sunday somehow
tomorrow's Monday
you're ready for climate change my room
my room my room my room my room and have
a good with subject all right here we
are false letters I said this venue is
beautiful by the way last green is
bright and beautiful other venues venues
great girl Rachel venues frosted flakes
boom boom boom boom boom
do it
a great soundcheck that unions world of
staticky and cutting out which means
John has to rearrange the antennas which
is why we always do a sound check
even though I'm not performing music a
lot of dancers is important to a
soundcheck
sometimes the enure can start cutting
out they're doing crazy things is good
to iron out those details before the
show also John to the sixth thing where
you know in every chapter of my book for
the different color theme he tries to
replicate them with the light so every
section of the show has a different
lighting feel and vibe to it that's all
John he kills the game he'll the game a
score he's getting ready dent into the
dentin didn't and didn't in this tag and
did it above stand didn't and it didn't
and under the detergent does it and it
didn't intend let's go meet and greet
the people
in good engraved on deterrent
nice high five team super go show her
love show her love so I'm at the show
called how to be a boss right I'm like
something I'm gonna play speaking on the
boss but no today there's a bigger boss
here
her name is Chantel look how gorgeous
and beautiful she is and you watch my
videos for how long
okay every year oh you and how um I
gotta go Jenna favorite video all of the
good answer all of them actually the
biggest mouth ever and I'm so honored to
meet you so I hope you like the show
you'll get the best shots go into a
refresh on top right now she's gonna be
a hundred and fifty people you're all so
lovely and sweet so many tears impress
me in green I think since I haven't come
to New Zealand a really long time the
last time I was here was like four or
five years ago so it's been a while I
felt really special thank you the show
starts in 30 minutes
and for the past 30 minutes I've been
going to my emails and doing work
because I'm like yo not only about
working hard I sent an email to my team
I talked so fast I know basically every
night when I tell people what my vlogs
going to be about I said it to my team
and I say you know here's what the title
should be here so the thumbnail should
be because sometimes I can't post them
all I always start that email with a
quote of the day so like sometimes I'll
see him for 30 extra minutes at night
just looking for a quote that I really
believe in that I send my team
yesterday's was a video that was about
not just working harder or working
smarter and so right now I'm like 30
minutes great let me work smarter what's
up Simon Simon get over here my vlog at
this time and everyone you probably
remember him from 80 to you why is it
seven
I've been killing the Austria like the
toy amazing venues that if I make me I
sticks out that's right not there's
always someone is it a great job good
job I'm Andrew killing the game yeah
it's about not just working harder but
also smarter so in like 30 minutes I
mean as much work as I can done right
now so I'm amazing through my emails
brickwork office touch too much Mike
Edwards put it put it put it on you my
ladder to form here with one of my shows
is always been a fast five over here was
I'm so excited I just installed it don't
be a good time in doing nothing
this is what you pay for this kind of
quality genius under I've asked them
their matching that's my son son
whatever wanted to go to Pullman and I'm
in Auckland check them out oh wait
yeah
we know global disaster your life
ah
are they firing
New Zealand holy crap I said on stage
don't say it again
I apologize from the bottom of my heart
for not coming here for HT UI because I
did a disservice not only you with
myself you were such a good damn
audience you up about glues old sticks
y'all send Bob Marley in unison after
the show like I am this is everything
I'm disc use I got you are so everything
and so nice and respectful and caring
and I cannot I just get on I realize I
was walking right into the and the
golden ticket winners from offered on
Kyle Kyle Kyle Kyle guys in Tuckahoe
Oh back at the hotel obvious about my
room key
we're going to get a new one show was
great awesome ACCA's video I'm committed
to doing this but I've got some bad news
really sad about I'm trying to be so
grateful because that was not like
socially often situations I've assigned
to say like a lot more days in Singapore
I was exactly making Singapore that's
three four days I'm on email Emma's
gonna have to change and after my show
essentially next morning actually so
that's really I know that's still really
great to be didn't Singapore I feel
subhadra's I know I was really important
spending like two three days there but I
don't think I should happen no but I did
tweet we're gonna base fans because a
love of students well we're still gonna
try to get you know I'm not going to be
there you still guys you can get to be
friends so everyone's tweeted I was like
an awesome season for fans to go
swimming with me I'm gonna be there but
we already we tried to go to that
process so if they level could Kyle's do
something right I do get yeah she gets
so you get to say take my fans swimming
for me I will can take them swimming I'm
not going to entertain them as well as
you would but I mean I'm sad I can't be
there I believe in executors harness I'm
so grateful so grateful but why they
will take care of your that one Mon at
one moment and Selena sound to the oh oh
so good oh whatever
everything is so good everybody getting
on that Oh everybody imagine oh I'm all
guys need a deal okay I came to myself
right now
alright that's right a video we're not
order food do all of the above
little something can that doesn't look
appetizing the blob with mashed potatoes
would be bomb and chili figs because I
know where I'm from
boom boom brows it's out of midnight I'm
gonna start writing my video side of the
math my brain your intro is coming is
it's the time zones are so difficult
when we're on tour because right now
it's midnight here certainly Monday in
LA it's 5:00 a.m. Sunday so I
technically don't have to work it as
rama' want to write the video I want to
record it in this room because the
lighting is so bad I got them to bring
up this land but there's no place
reports can be so dim and ugly mall so
getting to the point where like my
makeup has to be redone is the hot oven
vent about this goddamn pimple so if I
write it I technically could land in
Malaysia and record it and it would
still be out on time because of how
ahead I am timezone but if the Wi-Fi is
really bad in the hotel that's gonna
suck and I also land at night so if it's
dark like this because luck as well I'm
tempted to make sure I just write it
before I sleep even I don't record it
because this is the only second thing to
accord the video if you'd be just
hallways and the stream is back on a
video I mean it's not the end of the
world
but it's just not going to be pretty and
I don't want to do in here I mean so I
don't know we'll see what I reckon we'll
see how it goes
yes total three and I got the base of my
video done so am i right my videos
always make point form first I put the
main points and one day the main point
I'm in good shape because I just build
on it I have a mean place actually
started the idea because of the episode
of Jane the version I watched before
writing to take schedule inspiration for
watching Jane I was like oh really good
idea and now I have what I think I would
not flush there a bit more and now I
have an excuse to washing up a sort of
another episode
Jamie didn't like more ideas so my
script by I think I'm going to write and
shoot tomorrow
Venus when I'm deciding on there's a
mess makes a mess I don't feel like it
to be completely honest as well and it's
still going to be on time to up provided
the Wi-Fi a spot in Malaysia which I'm
hoping this kind of some instances
tomorrow's our show day so to travel
they this lights like 11 hours I have no
excuse today I think I can just write it
to watch and gain and go to keep playing
the adventures of what's wrong with
Lily's body my left eye is randomly
swollen as you can see I don't know why
yesterday was my foot now it's my eye no
idea whatsoever so good thing I did
according your chance with like hello my
name is Rhonda
I don't keep pointing out the flaws in
my face but as because I'm staring out
my face in this screen for most of the
day I love myself still but holy crap
need to pray let's see how we did today
half points for video I'm gonna get
myself full boys half points of video
let's see how we do
so I talked with man I'm going fast so
very well could go into washing but I'm
not thank you for joining us today New
Zealand you were amazing
actually hold on no I'm trying to talk
rewind on got it back to the toilet
again it's a pretty far 20 degree Jesus
because we will have a fans in the
audience or passing out okay Eric so
everyone in the audience colonies is fan
mate it's nothing to do with me nothing
do you think they're a wonderful
surprise plan for tonight and with your
help it can be executed perfectly at the
end of Lily's show we have plan to the
entire crowd to sing a tribute for Lily
we wait for her to exit stage then begin
to sing the below song lyrics apply this
is the most treasured songs and we feel
that singing this song as a collective
will be a really special moment held
between all of us
franceska will be sitting at the front
row watch out for as we goes off stage I
will stand up and count us if you love
the beginning lyrics and then it says
and lastly don't forget to be a great
respectful audience member for mama
unicorn tonight please don't watch the
show through your phone and pay
attention then they gave the lyrics to
three little birds I thought like cool
show me well this fan show me show me
when would your music when when your
idol ever to be on where would your fans
ever to be honest when y'all are the
best you do you're so wonderful you have
done this around the world so thank you
so much you're so lovely I'm so blessed
and grateful to share these memories of
you did only two shows left like today
when I was working on videos like oh my
god is no third anything is like come
back on tour again for a long time
that's the sad reality like I could be
yours
so I Adam standing side-stage I got me a
really emotional latch opening like it's
going to be years until I get to do this
again and I love doing this second night
show we're on our way to Malaysia
tomorrow and tell them did you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe rise
up this morning with the puffy I smile
at the Rising Sun the puffy little bird
with nonprofit I've worked on my does
that I got a puffy singing sweet song
but my puffy of melodies pure and true
not about a puffy
