no copyright how are you we hustle
harder I'm wearing new clothes so check
it out sick brand call happiness is not
add but the OI sent me dope things and
the brand is gone happiness so I love it
is a glorious day here in LA and you
know what I'm feeling like today today
what I'm feeling like is I wanna see how
my day gets impacted if I literally give
thanks before every single thing I do
so all little things taking a shower
eating food I'm just going to stop
before me like I'm really thankful that
I get to do this I'm gonna see how that
impacts my day well first and foremost
his emissions you I got an interview
gotta get a whole bunch of stuff for my
house get my house clean for my parents
coming tomorrow be grateful be grateful
is amazing so first and foremost I'm
gonna grateful that I get a job where I
get to tell stories and talk to you and
it's a lot of fun and a lot of you don't
have that so I'm really really grateful
for my job
just finished a delicious breakfast
which I'm very well because a lot of
people don't get to have breakfast like
I do I'm about to do bunch of things
before my parents get here like I
mentioned up first is laundry which I've
seen people first hand in other parts of
the world do that in a river or a field
and I can do in a washing machine so
thank you yo right now two girls on the
road what did of a strip club get
tangled Keela shots bra mad one dollar
bill but a bit of ray that is my I'm
gonna run Home Depot to get succulents
for my roof a rack for my hoes I'm gonna
build on that oh yeah forward we buy on
the plant I eat her all the time telling
me bran plant about all the planes all
the plans please click the ads because I
need to pay for I'm kidding I'm not
allowed to say that was due to palsy
now the struggle is taking all of this
stuff upstairs to the room it doesn't
look like a lot but it's heavy and
that's four flights of stairs so I
broken are gonna change all of these
plans to these new plans can we do it
yes we can cuz we're gonna hop so harder
what up sweater reference Wow wheeze
more chips are just oh wow it's lit here
let me sing vlogs it's crazy
look at this uh-huh oh it's too good and
this carpet that's too bright that I
hate but look at this
yay yay I am thankful for this sunset
mom and dad we're ready for you we ready
for you my mom has been wanting this
shirt I word of her my house is so clean
I cannot live in it for the next 10
hours I'd like to stand right here just
like not even there Oh is ten I thought
I was like six okay well I should
probably have dinner maybe hmm what do
you think I love you too
all right just had cereal for dinner
like an adult I gotta say here are my
results from today as much as I could
remember to actively be like I'm
thankful for this I'm thankful for that
here's how I feel I feel more energized
I feel like spiritually not as tired
this is one day I feel like it should be
an everyday thing but I did feel the
difference of just recognizing all the
small things I have and really paying
attention to people and what they're
doing what they're doing towards me how
people are sharing their energy towards
me all the little first-world things I
have that people don't have around the
world it felt really good and it fell
indescribable I just recommend you do it
as well for today honestly all the
little things whether it's not even
little things are big things all the
things whether it's like the electronics
you have the school you go to the friend
you're the family up just literally take
a moment to be like I am thankful for
this thing
and I think that's important for us to
do and it's made me feel great today and
I want to try that every single day hope
you join me
so y'all do a leaper so dope I hadn't
have a new crush on her I think she's so
dope and her swag is just all hoy and
her newest musically I was watching
she's like how did you do this I mean my
team explained to me like how she did
with all green so much like I tweeted up
be like yo do if I have a crush on you
but that I come with an egg she tweeted
back saying love you
my day no big deal the questions out
here thank you love me whatever it is
really is for saw motor breath
it's just cash it's kind it's a cash
it's a cash it's a cash bang oh every
time on my hands my pocket I don't know
what it is I like grab my paw my pockets
always look like this somebody had a
human eye all go to bed I gotta pick up
my parents matter losing the airport I'm
so excited they're coming we have to
wake up so early to pick them up 11:00
a.m. so early it's just 11 a.m. it's
really really the Sun problem morning
b11 ham
so I yo come today I love is one of my
favorite videos I've made in a while and
it's so interesting because if it I had
dinner with Alisha it was the exact
dialogue I'd written happen in real life
and it's happened with many of my
friends which makes me feel so good
because I mean the dialogue I wrote was
so accurate what actually happens in
real life here's no sneak peek all of my
friends are virgos and libras so we're
gonna get along great
yay me and all of my exes are Scorpios
early
oh my exes are snakes that's not a
zodiac sign 101 people take horoscopes
too seriously the new videos dropping on
my main channel link is in the
description or will be in the endcard as
well make sure during Super Six to you
let me know you from the blog fam
because I always try to show you some
love what's coming out is one of my
favorite videos I've in a while so I
hope you like it as well and all that if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe what a blog fam thank you so
much for watching my vlog today I'm
grateful for it and I appreciate it
my parents are gonna be in town for a
week so if you want to see my real
parents react to anything coming go let
me know and I'll try to make it happen
I'm gonna bank them reacting to a few
different things so I'm happy to take
your suggestions go ahead and do that
bye
