good night good morning Melvin it is my
last day my love my last show in
Australia
I'm so sad because with my fourth last
show can we just take a moment I am NOT
ready for tour to be done I'm just not
ready I can't but I woke up at 12 I woke
up because nada called me because like
my transfer and my upload was not done
because like yo if this doesn't finish
uploading someone call and wake me I was
awakened at 12 p.m.
overall chatty ready for this the video
I recorded last night why fight is so
bad and it's been 84 years that's still
not up do you know how disheartening
that is I stand to make a video and it
doesn't matter because it's still late
it's still not up because the Wi-Fi is
so bad I tweeted about it apparently I
said such a thing in Australia the Wi-Fi
is bad I'm like I don't get your other
Creators they all say I don't forget I
got what we're gonna remain positive
because here is the mission for today's
you we are going to let my hair dry I
should wash the last night I did not
whatever
sue me I'm trying to get my hair braided
I'm gonna eat some breakfast and when
you go through my email I'm going to go
to the venue soundcheck meet-and-greet
show golden ticket winners come home I
think tonight by the way we are going
out we gonna get crunk it's on master in
Australia aside from all of that yo I'm
gonna work so goddamn hard but then
after the show i'ma play hard because
that's how we roll you're about to see
productively and crunk really so yeah
okay then they might see the same I
don't really know so it's not this thing
where I don't like blow-dry my hair I
don't remember last time I blow-dry my
hair whether I pop you or another hair
stylist does it different sort of me I
always let my hair air dry
but for now someone comes bring my hair
my hair is wet so much trying to
blow-dry and I realize that I don't know
how to
and although the blow dryer turns off of
a few minutes ago anyways but that's not
my hair so straight right now because I
just attempted to blow-dry am I the only
one does everyone else know how to blow
dry hair and adjust me like Isaac missed
that class in school or something I
don't know
be sure I'm nailing this
Sheldon look all right is here let's go
to it oh wait is over this then you
filling it up with new Katy Perry making
me what I'm right guys what goes on you
know wet know it new meeting today
when everybody music you remove it and
your - it was really nothing Elizabeth
I'm sorry joy no single bad life is
regret we listen to idiot okay really
yeah okay that's true that there between
a single bad life is so different and so
good and there's one moaning there was a
Oh Kyle food straight I swear to god
she's so hot she knows I put the perfect
song for her voice and she's mastered
the art of that sexy singing though one
more who be be myself the bicep they
actually like it on my jacket gone but
I've got my silky blue pants got my
slowly oh and you done taking up
openings on my bluff in this business
device whoo me me me me me and where I
live
Selena Cincinnati the faces
no 150 people number to perform for a
sold-out show Melvin is why I love you
two shows because you sold us the first
one I'm about to see my passing is a
little wrinkled a little makeup here
miss okay so come hijacking your face
right here by the way your face or my
jacket
just stretching and get ready to damn
back so little combat level alert sold
out it was good times those that are
supposed I was singing all the songs
they're freaking I can feel and
experience you didn't like look um it's
gonna be cool this is your one minute
mark she was just a different way to but
she stopped
love
I know that voice inside of you that
tell you you can't beat that voice is
not going home with you today
Cowboys are going to stay here because
when you leave this room after my wife's
book life what do we go no you are Nick
and that was a mixed you Asian though so
much goddamn fun they were really good
right huh I'm not here oh okay that was
really really good was sold out it was
full energy really respectful audience
anyone looks fun to even some call me
filming a lot of look fun I enjoyed it
and I mean except ours I like to have in
the front alternative ask you through
parents sitting there and that place or
thing I love what I can look right at
parents and be like I'm a convert you
into a fan real quick and by the end
they were like so into and I'm in love
with my favorite part so thank you so
much more than two shows looking come
back for you in just being like and the
golden ticket winners from Melbourne
show yeah yeah yeah yeah you're the
silent
good idea yeah you it's really asthma hi
and I are both current former state
table tennis representatives we thought
that small gifts would be appropriate
for you seeing as you have a ping-pong
table enjoy Denise and mom use for
ping-pong balls erases custom with my
logo how sit nap and warp humble and
fashion what's going on the time is
about I think it's 11:10 p.m. I think
I'm guessing I don't know if we're going
to go out today tomorrow is not a show
day we're traveling to New Zealand but
it's not a show days we're gonna go
today it'll get some drinks poppet we
gonna celebrate this goddamn tour so I'm
going to change my clothes nothing like
a little bit tired well y'all lucky to
caramel Kawana I'm get this ish poppin
when you change your clothes and change
the color of your lipstick in your life
I'm a new person
let's get
Oh
the big crash of a group heyyo trash I
might admit no not Shamu I'm taking care
of Lily right now yeah that's what that
concern me yeah exhale 855 lobby Paul
855 lobby calls hey don't be late
8:45 for you don't be late don't be late
or Mama will be very mad no matter how
her to get back irresponsible filter
that's how you be about I know it's not
focused on yeah I know to do it say to
something and I'm quite tired my room is
literally a disaster as a pocket wake
about eight thirty eight fifty five ish
I wish I could tell you what I care that
I got a part I'm self taping and I want
to tell you all something that like I
was so overwhelmed with tour and my
agent was like do this do the Susan I
want to do this thing like every time I
don't the capacity and I was like I
wasn't doing that I did it and got it so
it's a lesson of like keep hustling
don't give up keep hustling because I
kind of pardon me was like what the
point I'm not going to get it but I did
so never give up and hush when I'm so so
happy it's really great I can't wait to
tell you about it and I'm you're the
best part of this one that was in the
club you got this text I went outside
and I did the call and those boys are so
happy for me they really run this is
like I'm not even remotely drunk this is
100 percent so really Kyla so she was so
happy for me angrist and John to which
is like the way when I looked at them in
their eyes I saw happy they were I was
like I really care and it's like more
than the roles like being around people
like that I was like oh my god you guys
actually really really care I really
genuinely happy for me that was really
beautiful to see so I am very happy and
I'm very grateful and this has been
wonderful I'm so glad I got to show this
special moment now I'm going to pass and
wash my face and jump in bed so talk to
you in a few minutes okay I'm all packed
up if I pop the pimples that's life like
this all packed up ready to go room is
clean let's see how we did today
what a day I just I can't I can't I
can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I
gotta get done with this
thank you so much for joining me on
today I just feel so happy to enjoy me
on these journeys and experience all
this with me because like honestly
working right now just numbness
kinda like how do you feel I'm like I
don't know I just so know you don't
believe things give you a while to
process things else is like on this
journey with me
in fact that if you want to took my new
video the link is in the description
it'll be in the end card as well be
drinking strange panties parody of
having a challenge video I'm heading to
New Zealand New Zealand tomorrow morning
a massage take you there as well New
Zealand tickets are still available even
become flesh towards it as well so if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I'm so excited to go to New
Zealand tomorrow I'm only been there
once and I performed there but I've
never done one of my tours there I've
been like a standalone one event type of
thing there was a festival so I'm so
excited to go back and I'll say tomorrow
we land in the evening so I don't really
get a day to do anything I mean a
massage maybe explore a little in the
evening I'm so excited
