Kevin Ibaka good morning or good
afternoon Kissel Toronto garter but
guess what time I got it about 4 p.m. I
buddy 12 my days I'm going back to sleep
I went to better life for him and then I
was just lying in bed lying but I'm like
I said I don't care no time afterwards
yeah yeah I really were on the fi wall
dude my back was hurting so much I got
it was like oh I feel so arrested also
kind of grab you to this absolute but I
rested my back on her spread yo doesn't
matter because I needed that sleep so
god damn like I feel great here's the
game plan for today you unpack these
goddamn clothes all these suitcases and
I'd order some more clothes for the next
leg of my tour after right at least like
three or four scripts to go to my emails
again I have to record one little small
video for something I have to plan
another small video for something and
then I have an interview with some do by
piece later on this evening aside from
all of that if you ever try to watch
some more rich in reason why I've kind
of stopped that and I've kind of stopped
watching a lot of shows and I want to
get back to that because it helps me
write scripts so we have a very very
productive day it doesn't have to
welcome play with the rest of the day to
hustle harder and that is what we're
going to do my friends also if you
haven't heard that shows have been moved
if you bought two Tudor that shows they
will be honored on June 30th there's two
shows an evening show at a daytime show
and I've also released more meeting
greetings with each of those shows
informations in the description Trinidad
and Tobago you said you had exams so
many of you treated me be like we have
exams I wish it wasn't during this time
I move the date for you because of my
baby's talk I listen is that possible
can I just say I woke up I've made my
smoothie of my egg sandwich Santos I
like all the time think it's all real
good I was like oh just feels like I've
been rejuvenated being back home
Clicquot routine so I'm very very happy
and very grateful and feeling very
blessed
two days ago humble humble what is the
number one thing you miss about me
humble I missed your vlogs and really oh
I miss your kindness and your energy Oh
hey Pablo
hey Pablo we have a bed upstairs yeah
yeah lot great day lily pad hotel
everyone sleeps anywhere
hi hi it is 6:30 p.m. because of fYI
this needed quickly this tiny body bad
works just went down my god damn work I
killed a goddamn game not my own losses
work with going Daniel I'm watching do I
make a real quick I'm gonna shoot some
things really really fun and quick I'm
gonna do that and that's just like like
and humble anything productive how are
you sure real men right here no men are
feminists that's a slept alone there it
is
Campbell's mother ping pong
I can't make anything that has vegetable
smell baked meat tofu finish mail kind
of literally anything so make a separate
pop renata that just has some of those
you put a banana in here when you're
still like the camera can't even focus
there what's working on your engine
strips that's great yeah very cool it's
just about one's a John wick parody okay
cool nubby John anyway yeah yeah I
should is that yeah all right cool so
get was it um can't remember that what
are you working on emails what kind of
emails emails give me feedback on some
work definitely different you know a
couple sentences could you explain to me
your email behavior how do you organize
your inbox is very unorganized immediate
end of the day I'm like oh crap I didn't
reply to any emails and then I scurry is
get her and went to try to reply there
you have it folks
inspiration the key is to never truck
that's right what you working on you
can't tell me it's late to me maybe
it'll read to me my face oh my god I
like to hear what are you working on oh
me oh I'm working on the script video
ideas a video shoot tomorrow
try not missing my videos for my channel
thanks so much for asking guys I'm
trying not to miss any videos on my
channel I've gotten a lot of work so I
went to all my emails my inbox with very
organized by the way it is color coded
but I mean I'm a better and I'm a better
person then people have an unorganized
inbox you know just means that are
better at ping pong you know your
friends are ridiculous when they caught
up here and put a toothpick it every
goddamn
apiece that's great because they hate
true you want to win to pick why I
didn't wanna got your hands dirty
because you're typing well I just Blair
Munson second yeah I don't we had one
quick he would just put it o but and I'm
seeing my are Scott I don't know I
thought I was cute the way to describe
not a poor finish you will go out of
your way to do ridiculous things as you
think to sweaty man above and beyond
when you're trying to prove that your
decision that muscle to fix good was
it's a beautiful piece of artwork that's
edible arrangement in real life when
your friends are dumb Wow look at all
those toothpicks
look at all these pieces at getting at
one a lot of work today but I am trying
to write two scripts for tomorrow shoot
and I am really struggling it's an
hour's I'm just doing on my laptop bed
so I'm going to change my environment
and go upstairs and try to work there
but I need to do so I sleep there's no
choice so weird or the writing room
alright in my writing room hiding a
snack no don't come popcorn popcorn nice
laptop just make some magic it is 1 a.m.
yes make some magic this awkward I'm
gonna make some magic times 3 a.m. when
we have an outline done for one video I
need to and I won't have an outline name
is script I'm struggling to the struggle
is real today I'd be doing that thing
where being so critical I'm everything
aright I'm like now that sucks
leave these weeks now that sucks gluten
to outlines done it's for 19 I think I
need to stop and try to wake up early
tomorrow before my shoot because I need
to accept my brain is just not being
creative right now I've never spent this
long working on videos so accept it come
to terms with it I have to outline that
we'll skip them tomorrow back here
because not I fell asleep in my room
nothing a very discouraging time to be
honest with all of these when I can't
write video ideas I feel really
discouraged and like I kind of leave
myself open like what the ass you made
some revisions you can't writing content
video my brain is getting in this mode
were like no we pick up script ideas
that I can't possibly shoot the next day
so like all the ideas of that require
extras are like these props that I can't
get by tomorrow that's always the
problem writing scripts last-minute so
try to positively talk to myself
positive self-talk and be like it's okay
you can't be creative every single day
you know today was a bad writing day
doesn't mean probably bad Friday doesn't
mean you're a bad writer your labs have
bad days so I'll share that with you
even when you're really good at
something
trying to toot my own horn I do think of
great writing videos but if you have bad
days it doesn't mean you're bad I mean
you're having a bad creative day it's
hard to force creativity on demand and
you're allowed to have some days well
you're not so great tomorrow I'm going
to be great I'm going to look at these
outlines tomorrow morning you try to
script this and try not to beat myself
up because really that sort of doing
right now beauty ways also from like oh
my god like six hours let me carry have
this crap top but I'm still going to
give myself a pass for writing scripts
because I could give not but I stayed
there for hours and hours and hours just
like what is comedy
what is the funny after wash my face so
bonus point for adulting that's another
100 bonus point for adulting when you
pay rent at your house for no reason I
appreciate how home where you are here I
like that a good friendship high-five Oh
too cool free you wrong okay what we're
talking about this oh you've got damage
recovery let's see how we did today
son I'm gonna show that by considering
if I really want that much it was like a
really intense heavy work day so yo
that's what I did reminder if you would
internet and tobago printer bed and into
a political official has been moved to
June 13 all informations in the
description grab those minghui tickets
ASAP so I had exams and I move that a
screams Dubai we go get Arab money to
get Abu Sitta days are also on sale and
I'll tell it to you next so Kitty
getting again I think you can return
your date or number if you like it
subscribe
did you like it those good oh oh oh
