like you know with our nickname
good morning the time is 9:30 so we are
going to see the ice up to my alarm
clock yesterday show was doping first
and not making video after when I was a
hot goddamn Matt there's a new day a new
opportunity to hustle and also maybe you
do some leisure things because not show
day it's a travel day here is the
mission for today we're going to get on
this plane try to Sydney it's not a
4-hour flight there's two hour time
difference when we get there it's
evening time but I don't have a show
some thing about they have the large
iMac similar to movie I'm going to do
some email and when I click on my hair
wash my hair aside from all of that it's
kind of a leisure is kind of date I do
want to catch up on some work but I'd
also want to waste my only kind of day
off doing just work so one to some
leisure activity so we have productive
half chillin 100% unicorn and cut it
sorry we do is the live stream we did
last you something to eat you die and we
forgotten when you given up on life Kyle
your boarding gates over here hey guys
high five okay high life oh so cool snow
oh so cool for you oh now I feel bad
food
you don't change your clothes or your
meal however it delicious no copper ito
welcome to feeding time with Shamu yes
welcome to show why good at night we're
in Sydney which is like the hotel the
Wi-Fi Australia's little thing well
maybe just the hotel them saying at but
it's trash
I don't we found on grateful still very
blessed to be traveling the world and
having Wi-Fi have a way better than lot
of people in the world also like twice
ops trash we out here absolute I have
two interviews phone interview they are
New Zealand interviews because that's
where I'm going next by the way loosely
book.com slash tours you still won
tickets just same yang and then after
that we go to Dalton harbour devastating
news is that I'm Exeter that's one of
the biggest in the world it's apparently
closed till 2019 and I was like I'm
sorry that's why I came here for my tour
so no came for you obviously if you and
the theater we're gonna really use
interview to take a shower because Kyle
smells and then we are going to go to
darling harbour pal pop that booty
honestly my first youtube video because
I was sad
it was out I took a shower I'm doing
great
- the shower lotion - my body put my
hair up because my braids are hella not
- right now about the darling harbour
for those you don't know one of my
favorite place in the world every time I
come to Sydney it's one of the nicest
harbour friends I've ever seen in any
country or city or anything so super
super dope wants you the progress all
this right here it's getting better I
want to let you know this is a metaphor
for life matter how bad and ugly things
get you will always recover because you
have that ability just like this
brackish place called cranny piece I
think this is not a troll this is the
menu we order one of each like the
fattest cap or look at this beautiful
view and the ferris wheels are right -
the one compliment yeah okay bull that's
one way to your mother
how many things about to order right now
and how many drinks do order dessert -
going to order well they have something
called yourself sit down and tell Ellen
anya-chan we were just like I'll order
we bag the fish fresh fish for Shamu we
just ordered everything right now so be
lit the light in quality you look so
handsome
oh oh is this for me yeah to family
sorry I'm blurry right now hey you know
how skillet an hour
we're little yeah
when no one ate any except for the album
she did is damaged I never get the most
likes on Christmas yeah because I think
your pet whale account what do you guys
want to do next desert go to Sydney
Aquarium talk and visit family we just
liked the video Kyle you probably
recognize this him from it he played
Ursula and a super look at Kyle's
safe in the yo mama video for bottom
Jesus doggy bounce me make my god
sending its so good damn moon good job
by the way that Roasters use delivered a
logic her calculator in her mind like at
least expecting yeah I'm straight
doesn't matter is what is no shame in
being weird
this is Kyle trying to figure a joke
using graph paper your calculator would
uni Whitney what we drop rabbit up for
you which one evil y equals M s of Z
what you need for the joke let me know
gonna be good alright we'll get back to
in 84 years alright here it is ready oh
I didn't know today's special was
roasted blubber
that's what is waited for you that was
what every now that's awfully damn
common our tongue whoever that is
they're gonna shave we ain't so much
room so Oh
literally so cool
we know everything so we're in the
fountain thing you that you are and I'm
standing on this sphere and it just out
and start some ask minor detail Shambu
you were right in wow what is this
mannequin explain shorter on right now
okay so I my room and three separate
times someone knocked on my door and I
answered the door no one was there so I
just assumed that Kyle's being idiot and
he was knocking running away Rick is on
the same floor and I message him you
said he's not right I keep hearing or
not like I knock on my door enough for
me to open the goddamn door and no one
is here so my room is haunted and the
light is flickering it's bright now
which is kind of freaky and all there go
wash my hair because tomorrow is another
great update and now I go through my
inbox from school simple here story of
my life alright we'll do all the emails
kill her knocking at my door just saying
I think it's a room next door that's
what that's what I think but that's what
I'm gonna go with but you never hear
from me again I was murdered brutally oh
so what is even happening here start
going to put a mask on it in vermicelli
up see how we did today
today was a very good day with chill and
productive because I'm going to want to
happen it is a lot of work right now
with my email send a lot of emails check
a lot emails caught up on a lot of stuff
a lot of scheduling things so feeling
really good also got to hang out with
some cool peeps anything good food so
good balance toilet top tomorrow I
believe is one of my biggest shows I
have in Sydney I'm really excited about
after Sydney I have two shows in
Melbourne after Melbourne newzealand up
New Zealand Malaysia from Malaysia
Singapore you still want to get you
should know by now loosing book.com
slash or jealousy boggles my mind I can
post picture in Australia and some will
comment be like when you come to
Australia and I'm like spread over the
listing book.com slash toured thank you
so much for joining me on today Wi-Fi a
bit of a struggle here so vlogs might be
late
the Wi-Fi be hurt and up in your mother
f / yo until I said if you like it
subscribe if you like and subscribe
so we have my schedule right I'm like
okay when I go back up this machine
today turns out I have zero time I was
on like when I go back to in one week
vacation no cuz I have another travel
any men's travel like a week after I get
back and I'm just like wow
