welcome vlogging camera number three
what's going on we are in Perth
Australia I still haven't talked to you
in so so long I have logged in two days
this is what happened right so I went
into the desert I knew sand got into my
camera but there like and I like fixed
and I was working you know great acid
why I went to another country then I
went to another country then I have to
do by random when I was blogging and my
camera just like lens error I wouldn't
open and would enclose nose like just
the sand from Dubai that's inside the
camera trick so they crapped my camera
stopped working I could block for two
days but then in the airport in Hong
Kong I found a camera and I bought a
third one so right off the bat I need to
say I can extremely blessed that I can
be in a situation where I say I just
bought another long gun because back in
the day broke Lilly would not have been
able to do that so less off now stress
up let's try to get that other one fixed
so that I have too long in cameras did
you notice every time I go to like
Trinidad powder deserts and my camera
breaks so maybe I just have one as meant
for those situations and then one that's
not reason part here's the mission for
today you you won't ever kind of crisp
so I'm gonna eat some breakfast
I am going to write a script for my
video I'm going to clear shall do my
hair makeup go do my meet-and-greet go
do my show when I do the golden ticket
winners that's me doing them that was
inappropriate you are filthy what I
meant was after that I'm going to come
home and try to do ask superwoman live
aside from all that I can feel my voice
disappearing because my energy don't
work at my last show in Hong Kong and I
lost my voice a little bit so we need to
remedy that situation and not lose my
voice for the rest of torque the weather
is disgusting let me show you drain wind
everywhere why first but let's eat some
breakfast oh just come here innit
good morning you know I hustle right I
hustle you know a hostel for the thing I
am so affected by the weather like this
like you'll never believe it in the UK
it's raining outside it's not sunny and
I'm just like yo man I just retired as a
video I passable m'lila missing my role
forget the show I'm a commercial and I
have done enough accomplished enough
things is fine also hard and I'm I'm
just nap harder right now because in
raining outside too
and when the sun is shining on that
y'all let me write a movie script
let me write our rap in the raining
those eyes on buddy help me
ah no no you took a nap just now and
what fully woke up this morning in that
OpenNet I need to jump the shower duh
you load up the last one sessions to
deal when your aesthetic is a bumblebee
okay times are being productive
same venues last year Perth remember
unicorns are sleeping here this has been
one of the coolest parts of this tour is
I'm going to a lot of the same venues
meeting a lot of the same promoters
because I said I'll walk down memory
lane for htu I be designing for my
makeup let's get big first without sound
checks my butt hurts when it's going to
be a little time in Perth Australia I'm
gonna show you some behind the scenes of
the show and how it gets down so I
arrived the boss letters already set up
just like this I never know what day it
is so Uncle John he writes it for me
where we are I never forget that day
always forget that night tell me where
the stairs are see like there's only
stairs that way so I know not to send
people that way how could John kills the
game soundcheck consists of me using my
mic putting in my in-ear and basically
taking the mic walking from side to side
of stage putting it near the speakers in
the monitor John usually does this to
make sure there's no feedback that you
throw one out of that and just see how
lot of what my mic in my ear and in the
audience because sometimes I want it
louder or quieter depending on the
audience I'd say it's big it's almost a
thousand people so soundcheck is crucial
Uncle John is here what Rob was on John
kills the game here we go
the John's are hard working most crucial
people on the team Uncle John chit chit
chit chit chit chit chit I'm gonna keep
blowing
I'm definitely too low a take a lobby
pick it up check check check check check
check check check my big brain I feel so
good about everything up a little bit
just check like them we're gonna watch
Girl booboo
oh yeah damnit seven I think I like it
booby picture what's wrong with me
what's doing all right cool yeah
remember how to climb the ladder funky
shoes matching funky pin let's go marry
some people also I'm really sorry I'm
late for me great but I don't mean read
the people you down I didn't like
Mohammed or make me and I just met
around 100 and 500 the jackal and
Miriam's old 150 I think I can still go
why couldn't it be positive position
what a really good face
no not that good if it's like a
well-defined 400 posters cash so there's
about an hour until Showtime and I'm
trying to think of a video idea for
tonight because when we go after the
show through after them live and record
a video that's what we're gonna try to
do we're and try our best to do it's
love but we're gonna awful harder you
can't see my muscles to the shirt but
they're really bulging eel boat this
brother show where only I can hear the
music and no one else comes in my ear
and I'm just like for good for my first
one Australia Park you are a first I'm
so excited to venues amazing you all are
so energetic already in front of awesome
show show number funny
oh-ho all right cool cool anything me
what booty what cakes
bounced off her face oh when you capture
it in the flower will you pray oh my god
did he do a prayer
ready one two three go and here you have
again uncomfortable to be successful
is the socialite in cooperative I love
them they cheer just enough has actually
added some more calm being more jokes
you notice because they're so
cooperative wonderful audience for thank
you I know you - what is that oh that of
the pencil can I just have a moment to
show you all I think you've eaten the
strawberries all these happy in
strawberries quality yeah no I finished
it look at this when you privileged ha
ha ha they're finished they're not
coming soon to a theater near trash +
here when this big waters around and the
golden ticket winners from Perth
Australia are when the room is silent
but you really gotta party all right
well here's a dealio we just show the
audience I can't describe I had so much
fun during the show because they were
loud but not too loud let me clarify
something I thought for my Philippines
logins I got it on a I don't care if you
I wanted to cheer so loud during the
show I want to take pictures in the
beginning of yes tis not what I'm trying
to a message like tackling or like
you're doing this during the show I
don't want that yes she realizes aren't
just sort of it sheared they're so
engaged into this place that they're so
engaged because I got somewhere there's
a doper to adult also I think in a sense
because my vlogging camera broke but
Hong Kong was a great goddamn audience
holy crap so respectful so loud just
friggin amazing so thank you to all you
guys just amazing not talking about the
hotel do two things
ask subbu Allah we ask you from Allah
we're going to Singapore soon as we ruin
live why God please please are down
about it number two right into the video
question mark Navy I'm a crime i'ma try
to damn I do not tell them I approve of
them using my image and likeness when we
walk 20 miles and now
one boy hollered they intimidated of me
looking like this right min ago mean
they won't follow they intimidated that
booting all stank when you do you know
why we try to be Baisakhi but you just
can that's a stretch but when quality
chips it three bags you kow fell asleep
I like to out of iron Laver one right
here neighbor two right here to run a
flavor three six three four and five
don't get twisted I've said it before
what's great addition I strongly dislike
live streaming like I have been doing
this what seven years now if I can't
figure out live streaming it's too
complicated it's just too complicated
it's like sometimes the encoders can
read the stuff from YouTube sometimes it
does it sometimes I do it ridiculous it
is ridiculously hard to livestream
efficiently and well angelee some basic
mobile stuff like public good but I just
if I diet early age just know it's
because of hype but when be positive and
know that is a super when I was never
greater when the livestream was trash
and because what track really loved it
lose it everyone lastima trash any
mobile live and you know I don't like
doing that ish I make any executive
decision I'm a ninety nine percent
confirmed in my brain and this is what
that decision is paper you get a
drumroll please
someone please make a gift of whatever
that looks like you I'm citing a
supermoon life will not be on the 14th
of every month anymore oh it will be
whenever I'm actually in LA in a month
because the issue is when I'm traveling
I don't reliable why I fine I don't have
all the stuff to make a good live stream
I shouldn't be doing it I know it's
around the 14 of every month for seven
years and it's very painful uses but now
on is going to be still once a month but
on a date I let you know about so I'll
give you a lot of notice might be like
five days notice it won't be on the 14th
of every month in his mood right now
I know okay no boy I didn't think that's
a better decision climate alone let me
know if it was another 40s I can
actually do it better and I will let you
know what that date is but not the 14th
I'll try to make the 14th but if I'm
like traveling and stuff like
Valentine's Day should always use yeah I
just I can't why I thought you're so bad
and now I'm also just like about their
lives and last seem has ruined my mood a
little bit I'm not like sad but I'm just
like I do you want to make a video
because if I make the video on the Wi-Fi
does not allow me to upload I'm
literally gonna I'm literally Rumble to
would like I can't I can so I'm not even
disturbing your video right now I'm
failing
I'm felons fail I know some people are
still happy I used punch that unicorn
just a continua just stuff it with
things in here okay yeah make a give up
whatever that looks like you know good
where we live scream gone wrong
wonderful what I've done
what cracking don't know if I told you
this I'm not making a video do as I say
I remember because it's a Wi-Fi is not
strong enough I might kill somebody I
can't be doing that it sucks because
tomorrow actually have a travel day a
day off to Sydney and I wish tomorrow is
Monday maybe I'll make a video tomorrow
we'll see I don't know I'm just happy I
know I failed today I failed it let's
see how we do
okay some days some days we feel some
days we fail and then make a video after
boom labs disaster I don't know how to
know commit hard-on towards two videos I
wish I could have banked them in advance
like my trip so much not long enough to
do that and it's so hard on the road
like there's no lighting in the hotels I
want so much I can do in the hotel so
I'm sorry I feel like I haven't been
that good with uploads during the tour
and it bothers me so much I know all
I'll gonna be like this enjoy the tour
but yo man I like to be consistent and I
like to uphold a certain standard and I
don't feel I'm doing that that's very
much so setting me but I also watching
me to water myself with an image shows
and I'm traveling and I'm trying my best
also just balance and enjoy so let's sit
on the toilet good thank you for joining
me on my wonderful day in person to
Sydney tomorrow after that Melbourne
2,000 miles and by the way so the first
one is sold out the second one still has
Bosnian greetings are still available in
all those relations and after after they
were going to New Zealand afternoon were
laid up and welcome to Singapore so
that's exactly it
loves are bad drivers to main channel
friggin fails tomorrow's another day for
me to hustle and conquer and not hustle
that hard today a little hustle harder
tomorrow all those miles of office I
might just kind of explore Sydney a
little bit as well we'll see enjoyed if
you like it subscribe if you like it the
but yellow thank you for watching my
vlog 1 check my last main channel 3
writer there last fall right over there
I want to say again I apologize to
everyone in Perth I started a meet and
greet late in fact this last few meet
and greets I've started a little bit
late I think that's because like my blog
is getting tired and am moving slower
I'm going to try my best to not stop in
Greece late anymore because you deserve
better
