we are not off to a good start right now
good morning the time is about 9 a.m.
second the airport these are the
following things that have happened so
far was a hotel it was snowing it is
April 24 it is almost made it was no way
ok we get out of the hotel drive to the
airport
unloading our baggies all this knows
that one of my bags is not in the car
because we do not put one of the
suitcases in the car so now the driver
is driving back to the hotel we're
waiting here and hopefully would almost
our flight to Vancouver but here's the
mission for today we are going to
hopefully get a bag we're gonna
hopefully get on the flight no fly to
Vancouver today is actually a free day I
don't have an event but I do have a
video to make it I don't want to miss
video today I got to make a video today
after that I want to eat food and watch
a few episodes of social reasons why or
go to my emails and I want to make my
video schedule for when I get back to LA
sigh some of that goal is to not let my
uterus and my life today note I know
r.i.p just more like my top Drake
reference Kyle your family members or
followers on the sky what's happening
here
homecoming breathe again you see that
you shouldn't be able to do your breath
on April 24th last life your middle
point so I'm actually quite happy that
cows experienced what I just experienced
and every time I say Artem is horrible
no believe me how dare to say was it
happen real quick we had a run-in with a
demon late night work their cat it was
so rude to us but usually when I see
people to come by said earlier cannibal
column another Buddhist lady the members
we've ever experienced and we had a
couple of travel experiences together we
were like okay that a little rude you
took the cake woman she basically yelled
and if this is dis oppressor cause like
hey it really needs as you know us like
we're getting out our flight the lady
over there from Air Canada had to come
over here if you can help this is a
response I just think a library rude is
our catalyst at a bad representation of
Canada Canadians are nice why did
Starbucks have no line because they're
in Canada people liked immunity so thank
you in North America any other like all
the only exactly in americ-aa perceivers
gosh when someone brings their white
board as a carry-on things are going to
stranger danger Vancouver I menus
initially when I landed I was supposed
to go to the Canadian passport office
because I talked about pages are filling
up and every time I go through customs
but she didn't you passport soon
obviously to get that rushed I have to
do it in Canada I don't want to do it
you know why I want to do it we the most
stubborn brat because one of the reasons
my passport is filling up because the
immense amount of India pieces I require
and they take a page each and my styling
protest and also more than anything my
irresponsible decision take a nap means
I'm not going to go do that I have like
three pages left I'm going back to Canon
July so I feel like the time after this
fire right give me the minus points or
take a nap for a nap we're hanging to
the hotel now I'm going to take like a
three-hour nap
sadaqa no hotel my rooms already at
Simon Cowell's room also get this last
night
friggin British Airlines calls doesn't
be like hey we're delivering your
package nor the letters I didn't make it
we're delivering them at Hotel right now
they never show up Kyle calls them their
offices clothes and that's their
toughest opens at 3:00 p.m. which by the
way who the hell's office opens at 3:00
p.m. now we're in Vancouver and we're no
where the hell the letters are like
British how did you call this thing
we're delivering them to your hotel and
I suppose they didn't get the plane it
will know where they are so now we're
trying to contact I'll get them rerouted
to Vancouver so now there's no boss and
now there's no letters and now we don't
know where they are and now my whole
tour is canceled goodbye because my room
I'm getting that but first this viewed
oh ok ok ok ok thank whoo I see you ok
ok ok ok bye good morning I slept for
like four hours
and it's been goddamn great fun fact
just aa Shahrukh tweeted saying you're
on his way to Vancouver to speak at Ted
literally right outside my window test
and I'm like are you following me hope
so so we go I'll try to say what up to
him the sky is clear outside let me show
you the unit Wow Wow literally it was
not like literally Ted right there so
let's see this off for now I need to
write a script and record a video boom
so hello hello hello hello hello
with little bumpy grass with the help of
a solid number one alright just
rewriting my video the time is a seven
forty one I'm chasing the sunlight I
don't think I'm gonna be able to do it
in time I think it's not going to go
down but that's okay we're gonna figure
it out now it's time to build a tripod
alright that looks pretty good
wait Frank am i sitting for the video
panic
hello you're the worst feeling in the
world is when you make the videos of the
Wi-Fi this is the theme I make the video
and I'm like oh snap comes to
responsibility in wife's eyes like Toba
bajo baja so we'll see if this uploads
or not ecology Kyle had one glass of
wine
Kyle is finish himself right now wait
what's happening here sir you serve into
your camera it's better
is he okay good because I wanted to know
that's how you get on my team be a weak
drunk be a weak drunk and I hire you
like this or did you build here I tripod
someone like that to be innovative okay
god damn it when you were bad friend
god damn it yo that's what I'm doing
right now I'm recording voicemail for
all people that one from the pre-order
cells lentil balls book - voiceover
right now next is neuron yeah na na
narayan narayan maria when white people
try to give me pronunciation guys i'm i
can't follow your ish I don't want to 90
today n all right
I know what they want me to say let me
go to light way but I know what it is
has one glass of wine once the shower
with Minji naturally G swings she
invited me I did no such things would
you present period you still won't go I
mean when it's dark but you need like to
make a video live in that highlight move
it when that highlights
don't you love when you have to take a
shower to wash your beard and chest
you're off and then you get a shower you
have to do your makeup again to make
more videos I love that okay because
that's what the hustles about we all
here hustling
son so those of you that have signed up
for the shine text roll of text before
stairs with these amazing text messages
go to your phone that the talks about
loving yourself and self esteem and girl
I'm not gonna lie those one day
specifically I'll turn such a bad day
and one of those shine text came to my
phone and whatever it send that text
folk to me like spiritual you know I was
like oh my because everything I needed
here they're not like no I like them not
like light fluffy BS text the real
straight up text I like that so go to
I'm talking about fainted me I'm
starting another one so listen to me now
now you can get bass tips texted to your
phone through about me and shine tech
what do you got a text quality you got a
text box will be AWS even below 275 nine
eight seven and you will for the next
full week
about texture to your photo first one
available right now is about getting
uncomfortable and then you know I lost
about just comfort being currency now
you have to do some uncomfortable things
don't get weird job to do uncomfortable
thing and do some nerve wracking things
to be successful so if you're adding
about tip you know what to do the
information will also be in the
description and Apple crack-a-lackin'
boom boom pop a member which one should
I eat elections accuses Kyle Lilly car
yes I'm Daniel liar doors you feel
friggin much compared to the rest money
was the extra leaves under there yeah
okay okay
wah-wah pop con it is now one 4301 4301
it
I need to go to bed soon but if I go to
bed there's no issue of this disco drank
right here little bit left I just like
lemon in my drink I'm the only one yeah
we got yourself I'm gonna go to bed
action of a lot I'm gonna wash my face
I'm gonna put on a face mask because in
a Lobel situation here and then I want
to watch an episode of fiction reasons
why and then I'm going to go to bed but
I'm going to end my vlog here I don't
really know how much we did today I know
we made a video it is uploading right
now as the wife item is an issue and
tomorrow I got two interviews and I have
my Vancouver show it's gonna be dope
hoping the letters arrive tomorrow as
well or else can it be a little bit of a
situation but let's go wash the face let
go what why does Appetit why do bad
things happen to good people the real
washing my face it agency I'll make us
in my eyes my goals when we start
bleeding why is this happening to me why
my very first blood makes you sick I'm
so amused with it because my notice me I
don't know why but I also want to why
because I feel I look like some gonna
sick wicked person in some sort of
movies like oh I mean game of throne
like just like is 7k
I mean like a murder like a horror movie
I'm so sorry disturbing you were acting
like a horror movie
I should probably wash this first I was
a servant to you I didn't mean for to me
when God punishes you when you drink one
Cosmo when you take one map of God with
you
look at you on vacations this iPod in
here it'll be good well I am now going
to go to bed because that whole thing
took a lot of energy okay let's see how
we did today
oh thanks for joining me on today yo fam
city first show tomorrow after that I
have a signing as well I go back to LA I
also have a signing as soon as I go back
to LA every day but getting way ahead of
myself one day a time I can't wait to
see thank you Ben Cooper session went I
really like it when my favorite is Ted
Cruz City yes of course stupid course
Carter the city in Windsor in the state
of where Scott em up you don't know the
problems that senators can't have
provinces come on now and tell tomorrow
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
whoa Dubai get your tickets son listen
book.com slash tour Trinidad where like
me moving I know I keep saying that I'll
let you know when which means that after
LA is signing it will be Dubai Dubai
lasing book.com slash or gay done you're
gonna get that and ever have money
