dubai material Yaya good morning the
time is 7:30 a.m. I am up early because
I have an interview today I also woke up
feeling like I got that crap being on
yesterday my neck is like and my 90
years old right now I also have
devastating news devastating news I lost
my foundation brush you know that brush
that's crucial all nation brush so hard
to find the right one or not even find
my watch is like crucial in your makeup
kit I dropped in the desert summer so
now I don't have a foundation brush I do
sponge and clean anyway here's the
mission series we are going to go to
this radio interview to come home
politic and apathetic my eyebrows my
deal my upper lip as well then I'm going
to lunch with someone and a micro
helicopter arrives pretty cool I got I
got soundcheck grade up show being Greek
cold in ticket winners got to come home
and pack aside from all that it's my
last couple hours in Dubai because my
flight is so early in the morning some
enjoy as much as I can
team super let's go have a great day I'm
have a great day you have a great date
you will have a great day Krish
combination know that it won't date the
cables are a zombie resist hourly comes
like is my swag but really know neither
like special edition will ease it has
cool David Beckham it away notably John
also I would say takes a lot of work yes
Justin YouTube I started YouTube because
about sad now all my friends are started
back men we're invested in some way also
you know so now when people started like
this is my career when I go under
YouTube I'm tried I tried to kick one
off in just this committee they can
dislike skiing and so like I started
doing them I got enough contacts could
edit it all up and put a metamer she
bought from them we shot it down now say
goodnight Joe you know I want you know
your lovely home made from somebody like
me yo coming up on a Monday Jan I may be
crazy chill down in the shape of you
would you buy when you just beat it
progress so far I'm actually important
to being even more intense level
relevant goals
feels good divided as Noah's up mommy I
tried mommy surprising just been crazy
ready the nap
I'm going to drive right by this and go
eat safely in my hotel I'm crazy I'm
gonna go skydiving and buy one
once all those skydivers will see police
about come with me no ok father or
cannot comes with me then over those
guide I mean by one day my life alright
back to my hotel my body hurts so much
I'm really feeling that fall but it's
all good
have a great show today I've got about
an hour and a half before I have a
meeting and a helicopter ride I'm gonna
order some food
although the meeting lunch whatever I'll
have to lunch I'm gonna have some food
and maybe take a 30-minute nap all right
that's great with that register here I'm
learning that the bite has mad large
portion size like we supposed to for one
person like for hashbrowns this many
eggs burst and is it because I didn't
get the meat they put extract either way
this is a lot of food alright let's go
ride a helicopter for helping right now
it's on Hong Kong another okay a piece a
little ride there is the raises you take
a long here's my mom
I'm going to be sick I hope I don't get
side walls your Brazilian game that W
burns in my pocket the real thing is
would you be blogging qualities to Max's
here Karina
so those we they don't know the only
seven star hotel in the world and it is
a estimated a bajillion dollar this
their product publicist told me that you
get your own Butler when you say they're
got to hook up but you said you coming
no that's not true you trying to arrange
a tour but my schedule wouldn't allow
for but very sweet of you but this is it
and is the only seven star in the world
next time you come back on a big unit so
then I come back to a couple hours I'm
going to take you boom at a turtle
Lagoon is adorable turtles oh my god is
another one and everything is just so
majestical okay Shamu do you want to
jump in with no more because a place
called black path and apparently to have
these fun days in those days that are
gianormous like when I say being on the
brew let me show you bigger than our
bellies behind you might be right
Wow that's crazy yes is that Wow
took an hour nap definitely in more than
an hour though aside from right up
boom boom pow just a sound check I know
you took shower and your myself to
eyebrows and maybe deal this mustache
like a boss after poofer so using the
vibes right now seem to buy African lion
safari vibes right now you should outfit
this is a vibe gamma her brain got some
chia Tinkler's cheetah leopard music
Lisa cheetah gold shoes I'm not a little
bit of jet lag lingering in my soul
right now well I'm gonna totally
overcome that one again on that day so
did you show one new boy are you why
should be sick and learn how to be about
because we gonna put two 1% of our MV on
that day I'm ready even though the booze
is all over my body I am ready for you
you ever have your mind
and hold you good at something you had a
humble heart but everyone's down here to
expect over back all right I'm gonna go
meet flora my little sing and if she's
gonna sign for so so long
and fun fact we'll get her to tell us
more about this but I'm team Superfund
through her here to some army here and I
can give you the fake flower so she can
keep them forever and they're not real
they will die help you came so far thank
you so much pleasure to meet you either
for you okay so they won't die comes
them forever so I can jump I don't
so you're here hey Jim Jim from Seattle
so Jenna linear Jessi helped me to get
here and be not from single birth
healthy ten tickets and the rest out I
was madly enough friends yes yes and
also even completing super expensive
business that's how it works
yes the floor we're going to be some
remain supertunias yes Jesse the whole
kingdom work that we've done over you
for a massive emergency yeah yeah news
event job and we are Russia I know I'm a
dancer you Hannibal Reza
whenever you're my best killing me day
because picture me in the weekend
recently I ever felt remember what I was
like what did I missed a weekend I
screwed up
thank you for being you busted off a
giant cookie how I just got 300 people
by the way for everyone is confused most
Italians and my vlogs not four days in
total obviously I'm not meeting 8,000
people it was a total now we need all of
this cookie while you were so loud I
lost my voice and you were so much fun I
had a blast was amazing shows the cigars
on her team did a great job hope you're
happy with everything I hope you invite
me back okay let me come back to my room
promise
plummet on me okay oh so tired so let me
break down for you what's about to
happen right the time right now is 109 I
gotta be downstairs in the lobby at 245
245 like an hour and a little bit cuz
then without leave the airport for a
flight to Philippines is a time the
Rastas lipstick everywhere look so many
people kisses everywhere just people
kissing me I love it I love the love I
love love here's the game plan and go
down to 45 plata philippines when i
landed facilities at gordo hotel and go
to rehearsal right after the next
morning i got awake about like 7:15 and
have a day of press on my boss book show
and then i have a meet and greet they
also have YouTube FanFest some doable
artists and fans are gonna be music so
tomorrow's gonna be a challenging and
extremely challenging today the next two
days will be challenging basic Android
hard let's see how we do today
the mission I'm washing my makeup right
now
also this are you kidding me right now
like this is a situation this is a
situation but yeah so I stopped swimmers
young even though I have a bruise on my
bum as well and on my leg like my body
is broke please keep this in mind during
the increase please today sometimes the
hot girls like oh okay thank you to the
visor honestly I love device so much as
you love the energy here so sometimes
the audience is like what honest will
challenging items are so loud and
they're so just like still more some has
a hard time grasping items but I wanted
to show we're really really well today I
don't really happy with everything so
thank you so much everywhere that came
out and this boy letters I got me gifts
and as always you know I appreciate it
so so so much so thank you so so much
I'm going to go to be for an hour was an
amazing run out and you we're heading to
the Philippines so I am back like if you
still want me actualizing just still
tickets left feet a little bit Australia
New Zealand Malaysia Singapore Hong Kong
fold our chair dad's officially new
tickets are on sale for June 30th the
show like I'm walking or idealizing
book.com slash torn rings OH double mom
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe somewhere in the comments
suggested that we should name the bruise
since we name all of the parts of Lily
so what do you think what do you think
comment below with the bruises name and
we'll we'll make it happen and hopefully
this go Winston's was I gotta perform
and we on stage with full my never body
makeup because you're whatever
Madeline's you know was good
