when you have been the other ones on
your head by this before so Michael
Marty it's 6:30 a.m. it sound like I
just said pretty maybe I did this hair
in places I don't understand I'm doing
is going crazy right here is what we're
doing today this is the mission you we
are going to drive to the airport
they're going to slide to the Hyderabad
we are going to rent possibly take a nap
have a sound check do our hair get our
hair possibly be braided do me and great
put on a lid show meet some golden
ticket winners you'll go back to the
hotel to get a little bit of sleep
because now we're in full tour modes I
smell that last time I didn't really get
to see Hyderabad because I was in for
such a short amount of time I'm also
there for short amount of time today
actually I see if I could look around a
bit more and taking a bit more scenery
and show you a bit more scenery so that
was happy we are headed to the airport
Hyderabad Hyderabad from here
oh thank you when you step into
hyderabad room but she is like take the
sweater off right now all the security
is like my thighs do feel much cool you
were told to quietly don't worry because
tonight you don't have to be next Tyson
and Kali you melting it rather warm
rustic feeling exactly they don't agree
with a new version if it's been a
limited or like it's no matter it's no
black all-male why do so bougie do you
think you're Mark Zuckerberg anywhere
the same outfit let us take a lot go big
loves me okay no matter mind we want
another second please oh by the way we
landed it was a sign that said welcome
Shamoon shenmue sister nation was this
review by the way also fYI at my show
now moving forward except for Calgary
Vancouver I'm sorry for all our shows
yeah I've limited edition merged I've
signed posters so where's mr. cash money
they veterans lovely you'll make a chief
of China I'm just trying to make people
happy I can't get better at that I
totally feel like it's okay we're going
when you said that I'm not even trying
to sound good oh that's actually me
everyone else on my team was like we'd
like to eat dinner I'm like we'll be
fine I'm gonna actually just pay for
people to hatch so oh so in my room the
hot robot first of all greeted with
these we're just so happy I'm just like
where did you get this gorgeous okay I'm
already spoiled and I into my room what
is this okay there's no wash them here
and this is the route I'm like um he's
reminding me the whole whole camp I like
it's beautiful
and of course true hospitality form just
the hot I need to move to India like
legit I need to move to India because
this is just next level right here oh my
god this shower I cannot even deal with
off done you got to me so well and
honestly to like I don't deserve like
I'm not worthy for how you guys treat me
in this hold up hold up hold up first of
all QAF
hahahaha okay perfect lighting to make a
video I have no human goddamn video
right now
are you kidding me right now natural
right go Pat nitrile nice positive on I
hear while one bulk on your own what to
do record a video let's do it video done
I didn't know happy I did it I died to
get funny I laugh a lot I like metal
joints all the time - I laugh at my own
jokes on the goddamn car mat for this
point finishing my dad damn video on the
source side we're heading to the venue
which is literally next door nigga
transitioning back and forth you wait up
again I'm going another sick outfit more
black nor white
friggin sick this jacket reversible also
by the way just say whilst I'm not sure
I know we're wearing it but survives my
blue pants silver shoes that keep
wearing cuz hot outside this device we
almost ready io2 thing nor one robust
reliable pen for the being great number
two every children so far people
orchestrated shoot things depending on
where iam ask countdown so now that we
actually getting the countdown and game
show just to engage the audience of the
Parkers reason we go before the table
Thrones until Hassan
ten people off the sound
wait when does that girl come in with
that today you the same person false
advertising may suggest one day with me
all right I'm home on days like this
don't like it right
take me to your dungeon okay so this
might be the time Lilly Singh fell in a
dungeon pitch shot good mayor them how
this dungeons so scary
would you opinion I know do you know I
know when your grandma and your body
can't keep up no more stop about talking
mom about it but in my energy what I am
learned about me in grade six I'm okay
the mitochondria the powerhouse of the
cell during photosynthesis in
reproduction would you like Simon what
you're eating
how does obsessed lay you stealing them
from me when I guess I'm doing I'm
eating Greece he's obsessed
when you're a white person tasting spice
for the first time right here I'm at you
Wow
that's Rene experience spice a long time
ago it's right here by I'll be spike
right here Carlo convinced as a ghost in
our train room and I got me freaking out
I told him that like ghost stories but
if you keep seeing something in one of
this room and now we are hearing noises
you heard it I I did hear we're
investing in we're taking a blogging if
you die oh yeah there is a noise just
totally annoyed creepy here oh dude poor
are we on ground level yeah that's what
it is no no I just also walked by the
one to look go around
what's that we use of what is that was
it you know thought Karen him straight
out that was Odin yeah but no was not no
it was not
I'm not going to your you stupid that I
know I had a beautiful
so someone you love it as well if you
would like to look I'll have your
traumatic murder on
I guess thinking over there
interpreter bag
dude probably leaky sink or not outside
oh yeah this or know what else I'm doing
it what connect to another room yeah
okay we're good we're good
it wasn't one go get with me windows one
okay you're tripping out dog
what do you mean the red blood there yes
when you tripping the eff out when you
tripping that s still oh we gonna be
late are you ready buddy
the golden ticket winner from hospital
balls are back at the hotel we're going
to eat you resting I'm a spoiled brat
but I booked another massage but as part
of my back is really hurting a book it
up today something really wrong my lower
back Sophie deserve it I'm gonna having
the Sun and I made a video today I'm
also creating a scenario for the first
time in my life can be with you on the
hardest and visited sound so stupid not
on the hardest part but I've never able
to just like falling off son Kile I'm
never able to just fall asleep in which
I'm never able to just fall asleep
because if I quality go into so far the
bag monk oh I have to end the vlog then
I have to like do the vlog stuff so I
never can just fall through basically
I'm going to create a scenario which
after my massage and we get up fall on
the bed and go to sleep so I'm gonna
have my phone charging my alarm set log
done the vlog wrapped up my suitcase has
done everything for the first time of my
life I'm going to drop it as bad in our
what anything gonna see them smoke
excited pouring a lot happened today we
got haunted performed in Hyderabad we
melted a lot of things happen let's see
how we did
more than anything else I've made a
video of goddamn the realm to death
upload speeds are a little bit of a
problem but you're go figure it out
economics sit on the toilet prematurely
and that's okay because after my massage
and would not go out let's do it guys
that was it thanks for joining me on
stage
I thought you would let Julie I cannot
wait to are doing my piggy shirt and get
on very very excited but also does I
didn't do mission I do relevant after
Julie I'm done in the enemies very sad
but I learned magic chatted up or to
solo shows Vancouver and Calgary is
gonna be amazing and I cannot wait
thanks for joining any luck is nothing
else my cuckoo if you like it subscribe
if you like missus right stand by on
tonight's show detailed I told you might
move it still valid in my move buy
tickets thing working it's almost going
on sale also I added a second Melbourne
show because the first one sold out so
if you are bummed because you couldn't
get Melbourne tickets then a second
shows an ad and you can get them now
losing book on slashed or its regular
more than anything
have yourself a fantastic day bye
