just drank some water but you heard the
mission I've even it out look at me all
done hair curled makeup did wrap him up
boys Raptors successful life how are you
how are you doing pause reflect how are
you actually doing
don't just say good because I feel like
when you ask about how you're doing
automatic responsible good how are you
but are you good how are you actually
doing think well anything about how I'm
actually doing
I'm not congested I feel a little bit if
you were truly blurry but I also feel
really grateful because all of my
problems are first role problems I'm
going to the all-star game today I'm
dealing with some emotional stuff yeah
Peaks describe I think I'm just like
maybe it's Neptune in retrograde that's
who the mission is for today's go
through my inbox read a script for
tomorrow's shoot after pre drink after
the all-star game all of those things
and more are going to happen God is my
witness something smells delicious
what are you making chef humble looks
like a risotto parfait that's folded in
with lentil crepes yes what I'm making
yeah alright so I went through my inbox
a lot of things going on for a while I
felt like nothing was going on in my
life like one of the reasons I'm
struggling is because master I had the
book before that I teach two wines I'm
like what's my big thing and I think a
lot is changing in my life and with
YouTube I don't know what that big thing
it's like kinda no but like it's like
kind of in the works in this great area
so I just like constantly feel like I'm
chasing W's and I don't want to feel
like that and YouTube is just so
confusing these days but I truly feel
like I've also trained myself to like
stop caring about views cuz I don't even
check the views of mine I genuinely
could not tell you what the V's on my
last video are because I'm just like I
don't want that to validate me but going
to my inbox and I do have some exciting
things coming up that I can't share with
you yet make sure you stay tuned because
they're kind of freaking fabulous so
before my call let me just address
something real quick because I tweeted
about it and everyone's like tweet me
back me like what's wrong who do I need
to cut or team super mad protective I
can be like ouch who do I need to cut I
tweeted saying here's a tree right here
it says something along the lines up all
due respect to traditional celebrities
if you're trying to start a YouTube
channel or yada yada
you wanna collaborate with me my peers
that should be creative collaborations
and not like us destroying our
self-worth to do a cameo with you I need
to emphasize that I'm not saying this
because something happened to me right
now particularly that I'm venting about
I was just scrolling through Instagram
and I saw some my friends collaborating
with people and just reminded me of all
the times I have dealt with things like
that I just don't need to say something
and I said this needs to be a PSA
honestly I'm gonna put the camera right
here I'm gonna do a quick PSA people who
are like movie stars and musicians the
people I adore I've worked with many
great people I feel so privileged with
many great people
everyone I've worked with has been
amazing there's many people have not
worked with I have gotten some inquiries
where it's like this person who's a big
star wants to work with these digital
people cuz they recognize they get so
many views and they want a YouTube
channel so now we want you to do us this
favor but follow all of these conditions
we have so I've got ridiculous emails
like we'll give Lily ten minutes to
shoot something for her channel or like
these are all the conditions in which
this person it's like hi I just made one
thing very quick being for the digital
space I you just say this is our house
you can't roll up to og I'm not gonna
talk about myself I'm talking about
people I look up to the Ryan Higa Zevon
general you can't roll up to people that
created the digital space and essence
start putting your conditions on them
this is their house this is our house we
built this space and to my fellow
YouTube peers I just want to remind you
of that especially coming from me
because I do collaborate with a lot of
traditional celebrities do not diminish
your self-worth to collaborate with
people that do not respect and
appreciate your creativity because I
feel like the vibe is we want to
collaborate with you guys enough to get
your viewership but not enough to trust
your vision and you need to miss me with
that nonsense it's happened so many
times before the Drake said know
yourself we'll know your worth exactly
no favorites you're doing you a favor
Hollywood and I was like yo I need to
get into I would graciously as I do if
you like please humbly teach me
something I would love to work with you
love check for when people come to our
space and start trying to pull all the
strings and trying to make all the
conditions it's like this is our house
on my fellow we do two piers please
remember that no
worth because these people they need to
miss us with this nonsense yep
and then on Wednesday we have the which
would be sick
the walk is Tuesday so true just drank
some water but you heard the mission
I've even out
seen become successful enough where your
goal can actually be to pre drink and
you get points
goddamn last minute of that game was so
stressful LeBron James team one which is
not the T my boys was on demar derozan
Kyle Larry but that's okay the last
couple seconds damar tried so hard to
get that back and have they won tomorrow
totally would've been the MVP but
solving a boy this is fine i'ma try to
like be involved in the playoffs as much
as I can though because I really want to
be there for my city unrelated note
Reverend nor black nor white she sent me
this sick effing colorful pantsuit and I
am here for is so sick and everything is
so fun also minor detail Beyonce was at
the game and I breathe the same air as
Beyonce so I was like feel like my skin
is clear up in his mother F but when
you're watching this it is Monday which
means there is a new super Monday video
here's a little sneak peek but you're
lying you were the only one that was
alone that night when when you went to
the washroom you think I faked needing
to go pee so I could steal your watch
let me know in the comment section you
know what don't you even let me know you
from the black belt your secret words
say the word Fiddlesticks in the
comments section and I'm gonna know that
you came on the blog fam now imma show
you some extra love sound good okie
dokie
I am going to read the script I got to
read but I'm probably a fall asleep in
bed right after so I'm gonna end the
vlog here let's see how we did
okay
you
