they're bullied in my ideas watering my
ideas everything my I'm so sleepy the
type of 11:00 a.m. I didn't vlog
yesterday well technically I did I did
log Esther but I did nothing I was about
four because I went about a 7 a.m.
because my flight was late and I wrote
script and then I watched the Raptors
loose and then that's what I did
yesterday so I released the vlog it was
like three clips of nothingness but
today is a new exciting day kind of not
really here's what the mission in
today's you I'll finish you today so you
can finish my two scripts I wouldn't I
don't have to do that I already have
like really great outline so she's like
format them okay a video shoot according
to videos like I said after that I keep
saying this and I keep on doing it I
have to go not to play
I can't leave again for torrential boil
hot tubs because tomorrow we're leaving
for Dubai which means after that after
that packs for the rest of tour which is
like a lot more show so I can take me
about 10 hours and then I have to
contain it's all actually because that
fall of that I want to not be stressed
about all the things out to do because
parking is kind of stressing me really
try to enjoy it enjoy whatever today has
in store for me that is the lower the
barbell escalation script wow wow is
this breakfast
you only took 84 dishes my face shoot
starts in 10 minutes
eyes over thicker shower sleepy on over
again you know is it's that I haven't
had a single day where like um the
beginning of the day to the end of the
day I've had nothing to do it's always
like maybe I can sleep in but that is
like I gotta write scripts got to a
video I need like a day or two it's like
I don't have to do anything today
nothing I have to do email I do a shoot
and I write a script I have to go
anywhere I don't do nothing I haven't
had that in a long time which is fine
I'm not complaining it's tour time
inside I think that's what I actually
need to feel actually like rejuvenated
because I'm still so Philippa
all right then the push our new focus on
pops a simple went really well cameras
went after doesn't matter how tired I am
because we're going to creation mode
here we go have fun
what family's all here recording a video
y'all got my brothers you know saying
what's good what's good y'all here we
make a movie sound we make the Hollywood
YUM I am sexy dude is known as maybe
right for all the racist comments coming
every reason I'm a colored you're in the
video you know the hardest part of any
video I'm getting not into fans oh we
should know this oh I dunno why are you
not a signatory
yeah it's so hard for this dancer okay
okay action should be like my youth my
youth is yours who have lemon in choice
event so we finish with the character
and now I need to turn into Louie for
real so all right let's do it
I'm more tuned in your head time so
watch how you speak on my name Rock a
job so not as new comes with Oreos
that's how you know nigga we started all
the fancy shots are all Diego's but a
piece to film other people in Yahoo what
are they called a pheasant is considered
legal criminal it's really funny that's
not to ruin it but the calming part does
one part out so funny we could not give
it together hopefully I'll find a buddy
a little buddy not asking you teach me
some Portuguese me or how can I say I
love team super I wanna a womman
booty me booty me super super yo amo
Timmy team Superman okay um I just say
okay oh gee amo what LG um I'm gonna say
please subscribe to this channel mmm
Buffalo forever Italy Donna I want can
we go down okay me see go Missy go
Mexico Brazil and then we go brassiere
follow me Brazil miss you Brazil me
seeing Michigan Michigan breath you I'm
failing how do I say you look very
pretty today
visage thumbing them the thing that you
think you think of expose another night
in demoted Cuddy so yes let us switch
bare hands on say no just Venice in the
sexy
mental drunkenness yo hold on I don't
want that I don't want that favorite I
want that I don't want a favor let's go
baby
what's better let me know how to eat ice
cream like nada
apparently the chicken nugget no drop do
the golden grandmas a cold mama Wow no I
just have not a realist bowl tearing
plug that's right right number one so
we're sitting here a I know what that
friendship but I goes our last night
here trying to become sentimental
memories together are nothing a month
you're going to New York
I really quality time Cloudy with a keg
I'd on the phone right answer the phone
right music yeah
okay I'll show you how come we're in 20
minutes I'm sticking maybe some
childhood friends you know I'm not
hurting you maybe this is doctor some
emergence in his mouth I might have to
do some family members and blood this
mother ever you it's he was a
digit refuses our last night resign
y'all be there in 20 my thought and we
were like wow you remember Derek was
here all the members urgency all night
nothing in this look at this L not right
that's why this is what agenda we're
just reading problem you know how we
think you know something yeah I know I
am you're saying Anne are you even a
poet is let's go to coffee to poet
that's his real name
prove it high school right now do it bro
who are you almost that is a real name
Roman rulers many children does video
number two coming on Monday my parents
reaction to swallow I'm so tired and so
come at my capacity of doing creative
things right now
good job Diego good job any cool shots
to seize all this guy and she's
disappearing the light right now but
it's a person here my Jack the white guy
there it is gel the game I totally
forgot you know someone just told I have
to pack no Clem all-nighter packing I
mean for tour again tomorrow and like
did not occur to me until right now I
think I need some hot submissions first
because I need in a little bit of
downtime I can't get right back into
work him dying by the capacity let the
piece
it's 11:00 p.m. I pull an all-nighter
anyways we buy my slaves like 20 hours
oh it's time for the hot tub we've got a
hot tub right Diego yeah you got a hot
tub before I leave I can't to go on
another trip a lot of hot tub so that's
what we gonna do move so it's pouring
rain outside is that gonna stop I'm
absolutely not wait wait anyways right
right right right y'all didn't tell me
my makeup was like a lot though haters
hate popping like this for an hour of
you fools we don't have enough time it's
time to pack and I wash my hair now
obviously so wash my hair what you guys
I'm all setting up I'm sick you things
for example at this pineapple shirt how
thick I don't know my shows out I gotta
count them right now CMAs 14 am I making
that up I don't know let me check times
are rough right now it's 4 a.m. I'm so
goddamn careful only four outfits in up
to do 11 in total one of the math is
their seventh of seven cents and mostly
for claimants on top of this pile of
clothes right here and you watch my damn
damn Daniel Tosh duty and times are
rough right now so tired I feel that's
where I go I've got six elfis done some
halfway there every part of me wants to
sleep I don'ts a very bad idea okay my
hair braided at 11:30 I'm thinking I can
sleep until like this was 3-4 hours
because I don't think I can function
right now I'm going to like lie on top
of this and sleep for three hours
I'm at end the vlog here and hopefully
tomorrow morning when you watch my vlog
I would have woken up and got to my
flight stay tuned but for now let's see
how we did today
so I talked with an expert joining me on
Facebook so we're now more than ever I
don't maybe know my audience we've
gotten bigger I'll sign Cal today
they're about to that bigger there's
more people but if you like my messaging
so like people are confused more than
regular like underneath my post say I'm
going to do by everything you're going
to do by him like I said 100 times and
even like under the pony like we should
come to Toronto and we should come to
London I'm like I did I was there so I
don't know why there's like maybe just
my stuff is not going to do people are
giving would all pay attention or people
don't care about me I notice oh yes I'm
coming to Dubai may 10th is my show
multi coming to Australia and New
Zealand and Malaysia and Philippines and
Hong Kong and Singapore and Trinidad
Ville to all of those places if you want
to know the information literally you
know what I'll put it in the description
which days I'm going in the description
if there's a which dates in addition to
that if you want tickets being green
ticket to meet me later Leslie Singh
book.com slash torque spread the word
because every post I made people like
you're on tour you want to book him say
yes I did I'm gonna get the three hours
of sleep on top of that pile of clothes
until tomorrow so good if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
goodbye I'll see you tomorrow if you
like it you have one day off in Dubai
and I'm so excited because I'm going to
try to shoot them into using video in
the desert I can't freakin where I'm
done by Monday view the my Thursday
video yeah my below sleep-deprived but
like yo what's good sometimes you got to
get that popping age and a give it
