though who didn't Miller hey hey we're
good to forget your cookie yeah what's
going on Doughboy on my flute I don't
know let me translate you two hearts are
meeting but in secret good morning
Mumbai I'm feeling so good about our
good night's sleep I said way but I did
in the UK I said all the way tell seven
something I look like one so I'm back to
bed welcome on time what does it have
breakfast Who am I Who am I had
breakfast at booties had brown hair gay
but if you are right we're not on the
rubric I bet if you know alright but I
love myself anything all right right now
there's no guide to today's mission I'm
gonna get my hair done but I'll do my
own makeup
I have already know how many interviews
to Preston I was five six hours of doing
longer than that five six hours of press
minimum so a crack crack crack crack
crack opportunity popping off a pizza
I'm gonna earn myself in the entire team
massages I finished my interviews so a
massages and then we eat some Chinese
Indian food and then we go to the show
because the new crew John is here new
people like I said the territories like
index and Sarah I am in control so I'm
gonna like soup up the show a little bit
a little sound on channel 2 audio-visual
moon since we're gonna go over the show
and that is nothing but more than
anything get out of your graphic give me
some more space more than anything going
to enjoy wonderful sights and sounds
Mumbai India even though my presser can
happen in one room in the hotel but
after that enjoy everything I swear I
love you baby it's 17 seconds after the
first clip and jet lag just creeped out
the corner was like no no no you know
that is a that's where did I've I've all
their friends are out or in the massages
and stuff no no no no I'm fine no no no
no I'm fine
all right we have about eight to ten
interviews we gotta do today we wearing
a shirt but you never seen before so
what we gonna pretend you never see that
man there you go wash my hair do I got
to do boobs I've washed my hair come
with my braids my tip on a ready I think
I'm gonna have to a whole bunch of
questions on why I'm not married yet
stay tuned another time you come you and
one down and I gotta say it's a really
really good question you should be my
blog come behind us come on ask some
dumb questions I really really dig when
I'm pleasantly surprised setups really
like them a big shoes to fill
that's you've been driving two down
three down director that's a Gordon I
was once a coolant would connected me
getting active I constantly being
murderous and I swear in my face I've
killed you I'm gonna say something I
want you to put away or defense
mechanisms better watch you lose your
baby and definitely feel like everyone
in the world is against you a constant
or not maybe you've got to change the
way you're thinking because I promise
you everyone around the world is not
having monthly meeting and conspiring
against you five down whoever why the
girls the woman I II look down guys
okay I don't know it's my favorite part
of the day the next time
welcome to journals of a cow episode
work I'm famous
you all support on a boat as well and
very happy Jim company that made I said
it's really love ya I said that's coming
that's a lot who not turn off glasses a
dirty liar me I won't stop what is a
deafening like that I'd be honest and
that means I'm not scared on a slap or
sleep I'm scared of love absolutely
incorrect I'm very much so scared of a
flower this present obvious I'm an
Indian mother and then you know what's
hot but that's the situation when you're
tearing up the place
oh yes I'm Tanya hello bill you sing no
turn down calling number 11 - 11 done
oh I cracked them hello my name is the
common house rat thing
Kosar I sing along I wasn't always like
this ah nothing so Jimmy my days that
introduce ideas interview interview
when I think you must be that you won't
be like hi so many of my I don't to talk
you home
I don't have a boyfriend for my job is
never has been under business we've
gotten boring myself little brother I'm
here it is depending on the audition is
Marvin I'm going to that size yes nobody
keep my output usually have one engine
while of warm
so anybody has a small club ekko came
back today Pete I will keep you so
exciting it what else he does he has a
table hockey inside me when I was little
man I had nothing to do pop off and I
don't know what else would before and I
only have to waste time to make me
happiest mind everything about our
business regarding
great announcement I was going through
the pension and when I waters of my dark
street happiness and agreement why I got
my fired by good so I'm just surprised
some others with your name guide and
finally your Learning Channel and did
you truly know I wasn't here no I got
luckily right that URM this orderly line
it's already recorded you fork and
taking what will you say whatever you
want okay so basically I want to be
under this channel forever
so yeah rest quality I really love you
so much inspired hold on I thought you
knew that a setup like this by you being
here is really visible
to me by all good wives I love you so
much
Manny you're such an inspiration I I
don't know I can't say anything right
now has too much offend you but into a
new heaven sake I can't believe I'm
wearing I love has indoctrinate with her
like honestly I don't really know I just
interviewed miss Melanie I love it she
my banshee asking all the inappropriate
questions and she got some truthful
answer something she was prepared for it
oh yeah she was working to watch it I'm
miss my knee calm and miss my knee
facebook page and you-tube in every
everyone all the interweb all the 80s
you can watch on all the digital WW you
can watch all of this
yeah and that was number we lost track
right now we're on number 1000 right now
but I got cupcake so everything is fine
now 15 interviews done I might beat my
record while about I don't require super
Monday video this is a pinpoint out
forming out of nowhere going to activist
come from out of nowhere I eat one
cupcake and if remember now we would
earn what sizes sugar mama earns a
massage ball she minded gentle mama
enjoy massage should we go we both have
someone today it's a just obtaining me I
don't know but like I was a fat cow
because I can get that massage in that
sauna action and you slam blessed I'm
supposed to holding both my hands
together some praying but I'm one of my
hands look at myself in Alaska we simply
when your outfit and your drink making
Halloween when you antisocial as hell
when la hat is the most important thing
about you because you didn't like we're
done with this thing when you work with
us when I asked so you're not four-eyes
you ate ice I have washed my hair so
because I have a shoot tomorrow animega
super Monday videos in my sock that
sound so bad know that you're fine that
you could sleep no sleep oh my god okay
good night buddy
so you wanna hear something so dope you
know where in the world is superwoman
today it's actually based on show used
watch and I was younger called Carmen
Sandiego is where in the world is Carmen
Sandiego and the rebooting the show and
guess who's playing Carmen Sandiego Gina
I am living for this information I am
living my best life renews like this I
am so happy for Gina I'm so happy she's
Carmen Sandiego
I am dead I am just I am simply dead yet
simply living for this news I'm
contradicting myself that's how happy
I'm so proud of her I cannot do my
babies my babies I love you Melissa
because the babies I have something so
dope to show you that I've been wanting
to show you this for so long and the
first time I saw it I wanted to cry and
ball out and Paulo doesn't cry not like
spend money when you from the hood and
you get confused with your simple
sentences it is so special
I was surprised why I just I love this
it is so meaningful I want to show it to
you because it's not just for me for all
of us you all made this happen girl love
rafiki's you supported it so much and I
want to show you this because this is
our wonderful achievement enjoy this it
was sent to me straight from Kenya from
the girls I visited at the school
because their only school in the Maasai
community please just watch this miracle
happen right here
I know what y'all in my zoo by we met in
I mean I'm sorry man nice about me man I
am suppose I am superwoman mean
everything and you wanted to say thank
you
thank you for helping me Kevin
application thank you for believing in
my dream thanks to you I can't become a
doctor a little wide eye not all bad did
you ever care honestly when I started my
youtube channel I thought the numbers
don't matter
I really thought subscribers and all
those things would be huge muscles and
they are but nothing can be something
like that like truly to me when I watch
that I was like this is one of the best
things I have ever done and the best
part is is I didn't know we did it this
is the best thing we have ever done ever
and I'm so goddamn proud of us and I
love you so much even if you stay on
Twitter roasting me I love you even if
you say judging me on one tweet I love
you because you helped we do things like
that I am just over the moon and if this
means so much to me I thought I was like
I watched like a million times it is so
wonderful congratulations to you super
you helped so many girls in Kenya go to
school help them get school supplies and
help them be the best version of
themselves that was you that wasn't me
that was about us that was us we did
that I cannot wait to do more things
with you because you are friggin amazing
and I love you
and with that Mama Universal asleep but
first let's see how we did today
yo we had a mad productive day I didn't
give myself a thousand points to
interview I give him five hundred
because some of them are relatively
short and I didn't make a super mundane
video and I don't care how much I
accomplished it I'm still disappointed
in that
and I'm disappointed that my upload
schedule in a hot as a mess for the
moduli one of my fear is that ladies and
challenge the fall apart and you will
watch anymore come with a watch I start
with that six feet oh thank you so much
enjoy Hotel silhouette thank you so much
for joining me on today I appreciate our
blast tomorrow is my first india show in
Mumbai it is not sold out it is okay
first I was I still seventeen sold out
by the way I got the promoter says you
know I'm very very about like ticket
price and stuff and the Indian ticket
price not bit more expensive than I
would have liked and he explained to me
that apparently the government has
implemented a double tack on shows which
is lies so expensive it oh why all shows
are so expensive he was showing me the
ticket price of some other shows
numerous old sponsor also excuse ideas
hitting a few months was to get results
and I was like is the average person
know this any example people in the
entertainment industry know this like
for live shows apparently there's a
double tax that they get charged and so
that makes anyways long story short I
don't care if it's older or not because
it's going style with people where and
I'm so thrilled and double the number
those use establishes but the number of
people you touch nothing to prove people
in attendance so I am so thrilled I
cannot wait a thousand people to the
British for Passover so bit like and
tell them if you like it subscribe can
you like it subscribe know the momentum
for balls book has been great I don't
want to stop so if you haven't done your
coffee yet
chill beloved Lindsey book.com is where
you can go or it's mellow in book stores
worldwide grab your coffee I don't want
this should be like a thing that came
and went I believe in the book the book
has been saving great reviews but we
don't want them to meet listen to the
other people that have read it because
they seem to like it
I
