namaste Mumbai yo I mean India not gonna
smile on my face you can I just got my
hotel I literally just ended my last law
came here first of all I love this
goddamn hotel they took me so well it
greeted me with these flowers all these
flowers I gave you this I guess you just
gather my thoughts into this because I
love it so much
everyone is so Hospital look at this I
want to my hotel room and this is here
like they made this they made this up
all my videos they know me so well glad
to have massage chair India you just
kind of people at the airport are all
like welcome homeless you make me feel
so uniquely warm like no other place
makes me feel and I want to say that I
thank you so so much give me an exciting
day period open I drew the mission for
today
first I'm gonna wash my makeup um cuz
it's been on for 84 years I'd wash
medical box take a shower then I think
I'm gonna take my team to McDonald I
totally got a child gone in India I'm
gonna do some other type of things
basically to eat a lot of food and then
I believe I have a dinner and party
tonight and then we have a meeting about
the shows that are coming up with
tomorrow's press day beside them all of
that all ready to do is not nap until
it's nighttime not above our schedule
and not nap that is a plan I'm so
excited
look I so excited camera can focus on
you did it I'm so excited - it it's
gonna be yeah Shamu
yeah Shamu dance for me baby dance for
me dance of resemble oh why wrong we say
it could be like the whoo
element of it looks like a whale cat
well count exhibit a Exhibit B hello
welcome to Indian Ocean Leona here am i
quality you know did you feel it am i
right here do you feel it Jerrica
because I got sick montage
the
grated toy your first Indian meal I
don't know this count
how is it delicious that's why are you
dying a spicy whoa Shamu you wanna try
that
go ahead and so the two orders of love
but it's irregular
really oh my god like a donut something
sugar juice
bolita hi that's a rapper Stadium
today's win
give me some bonus points as I did not
just spend all my money ideas I did not
focus point me right now responsible
adult invest the hotel we got about two
hours for our dinner and party and
crucial to not nap because Connor and
our like so what the weather so hot and
nice to meet you every shirt are
chilling I'm chilling back not showing
I'm actually quite hot but yo oh my god
that bed looks so good Oh God look well
good to know how the chorus language no
oh and there was all my makeup we
promised we wouldn't take a nap but we
can't take in that I want to take in
that like I can't I can't dig in that we
could no no how great news I did it nap
another great news I did wear this shirt
during a show I didn't take an OOTD so
really it's the first time you're seeing
it I remember once before we're heading
to dinner like oh when sham was going
out for a night on the town changes
nothing except to ensure to another
black shirt Shambu goes to the promise
just found out that dinner is an hour
away so noise Oh interruption for a rose
and I hope the car says really so for
example like five minutes max and for an
hour like the to have we fall like
literally after after we're like we
don't go now we're here until early W
dungeon so it's like we just go wait
girl
Austria so what's your job
when we're the oldest people ever and
the party has 1030 more like IU is going
to tap out real crazy just just like
that we could just go tap out real quick
go home if I get in my bed right now
I'll pause B I'm going to beat the crap
with myself streets fo fine a house
you're first in India that's great
hey what there is a low-key bomb about
that I think it was great what was
annoys you find out how is your first
day in India it was good tried a lot of
food yeah actually all I'm doing a
mildly upset right no yes boom is
waiting tough for you and because I'm
your technology get over get it again
when it would it would it miss or tired
hold your unruly boss I think I blame I
might just say what I feel what I mean I
think blam I might say what I don't know
no more life I see how we did today day
one successful did not nap I'm so so
proud of that did my show file smaller
dial bazillion hours of press I feel
kinda bad monitoring for the party right
now that uber like Dodge I just learned
I can't do it I can't do it but
everyone's so hospitable so wonderful
I'm so so excited
as a reminder personal my shows on the
19th and then I'm going to Hyderabad I'm
going to deleting the syllable will
triple w out losing book.com slash torch
go be late man get to picketed have no
rights in our show before an hour break
even if you study let's do it
sound the toilet or oh no thanks for
joining me on today I'm books and I
swear guys so exciting for me to travel
but I'm just traveling to take you with
me and show you the places I feel like
my little friend is in my pocket and
like I can show you stuff so I'm really
glad you can come in hope you enjoyed as
well another girl owned by our
businesses Monday night technically her
in India and I haven't heard from Olivia
I decided I'm not distressed about it
and we tried to it tomorrow because
obsolete 1213 hours at I'm in trying to
tomorrow but if not I'm not obsessed
what I want to enjoy my tour I
definitely you know once there was a
when I went back to LA elbows have four
years off it turned into one because of
schedule and also the bank videos than I
did it when I'm done after cows
Hoover I can Bank videos and I will link
videos and try best recording I'm not I
apologize but for now go to bed
well do this we because around look if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
yes llamo ya Shamu dance with me baby
damn some exams for roshambo
oh yeah Shamu yeah Shamu dance for me
baby dance for me dance for me shambles
oh yeah Shamu yeah Shamu dance for me
baby dance with me dance for me shovel
OH
