when you went to sleep with your hair
wet you woke up with your hair wet
because you were puzzled
good morning the time is 10 a.m.
I'm so tired - the ones about like 6
a.m. so about four hours of sleep would
you be hearing my voice and my ears only
gotta do today is exciting actually know
what it's not that exciting I would say
is exciting they would say it's not
actually not really exciting but your
guide to the mission mission is we gotta
come breakfast you have to get our hair
braided get our nails done go to the
airport clad in New York collection New
York doesn't consume my soul aside from
all that my whole days on a plane really
I leave a water line to chec because the
time difference oh yeah I know wait what
is that what about yeah yeah what what's
happening oh I know what's happening
I've traveled too much of the future let
me catch up to speed this is what's
happening
uh-huh ah this is what it was 15 work hi
poppy yeah hey Pappy I goddamn mess
right now I'm solely I'm was running for
the airport there's so much shopping for
the mess I forgot my camera bag
somewhere that's right now as we look
for in the girls like I just want to
call the cops it's to move the airport
knowledge and how Mike how do you 31
please they go in front um so ladies
welcome to my gate right now the good
news is over to creator numbers are all
in the same place I'm like yo what we're
gonna make will make you like that
either people thought I could talk over
a blog I love this plane I'm not gonna
feel like weirdos on the network on a
camera we are heading to create yourself
if you fail fall from like last year
to go this racial today I'm contributing
for chemical and I wouldn't tell it
hasn't hopefully is ignite accent for
implants and also mention closing signal
yeah also I random we have allergies in
boys minutes
/ the world's worst allergies right now
I know some people recommend how many
because the trip is always playing sense
which and we made it I found these
creatures on my plane more friends in
dream another person was on the plane
which is I okay boys baggage pain the
days over
basically my blog of course I can blog
basically were in York all right let's
go we're narrating everything on so
smoothly YouTube shouts do because you
know when I use get to New York Irving
the hot met the person was there to pick
me up went to the hotel freaking great
look at this cool hotel room it's so
like Percy and there's like this water
thing here when you walk in wow I like
it look at this very open concept okay
okay okay okay
and I can like a lot Dover the very
rustic hello welcome to Brooklyn hi
adorbs and of course into you to sell
package for me a lot to miss all sorts
of place with my camera I love it and so
part of myself because I'm making the
decisions to be present and social I
slept on the whole plane ride or do any
goddamn work and now I'm here at 11 the
party going on in turn and super I don't
care unless I'm gonna go have some
really clean makeups mostly my friends
Malcolm do boring sit in my room would
you enjoy this time I have and be fun
and be social and see all the people I
love seeing we're getting ready real
quick to go
epic amount of wear makeup I just blew
my realm I'm concerned that's all as
party the difference between me and my
booster is this if you so healthy and
she's so happy around arrived so happy
and we're having some girl time where my
field fun to someone who's always my
girl talk with Lindsey I love ramen love
Carl every time wasn't happy in my life
right now that moment when I thought I
was gonna have a hard time falling
asleep I'm falling asleep already so
nice to see my friends to see Sarah
Siddons you see everyone else is so
excited and burping then I am going to
after I'm done burping I hear right now
open this package YouTube gave me I'm so
excited you always spoil and she spoils
us this side up a I'm a rebel and I
stand by what I put you ready let's see
what we got
alright Wow
explore Dumbo what is this no oh is that
where we are right now oh yeah it shows
you the surrounding area creator stomach
woo
yeah oh my god - whispers warm goddamn
slippers I love this is great because I
have to provide my home I like on their
deathbed right now so Oh which what
works is one of those here yeah so well
bottle can never have enough of these
small bottle oh okay
low gradient there Wow
the jean jacket no okay okay I feel you
to ask you with the pins Brooklyn pin LA
okay I see you too
is there more they're more if they're
more if there's no more at the hairpin
series it is more pins but thank you Joe
yeah guess what Dwayne texted me saying
that he's done separate everyone's
blowing up his phone about the video I
posted that's not why I posted it I'm
very like he liked to vote I'm glad that
like he feels loved himself I posted I'm
very happy with it today was Dwayne's
birthday all because no secret that I
adore the man and love the man he's so
inspirational to me I just am so excited
to hold the same thing and wanted
anything I'm so excited to see what he's
going to do with another lap around the
Sun like this man wastes no time and
wastes no energy whatever he does he
does magnificently and I just even like
in addition to being his friend just
saying on the sidelines and just
watching him to be like you I'm cheering
you so on because you just kill it and
kill everything so how do birthday
Dwayne I so glad you like the video i
hope you when you are done on set you
get a chance to watch it and what
anything else makes you laugh I don't
know why I'm talking as if you're doing
right now Brady something flip n to the
atmosphere will give a man how am I so
tired it's up the whole flight which was
further sitting on the flight we can to
go to sleep and get last night it is 2
a.m. I'm going to do some emails
wash my face go to bed I'm going to wake
up too early tomorrow I was like 10 but
that's like seven in my LA time zone so
pretty early so I go to bed I don't see
was a super short vlog and everybody
happened as I was on a plane all day
long but my excited to be here I'm said
to be at Summit my goals are should be
present taking as much inspiration as I
can't schedule inspiration to why I love
this event this is my version of
schedule inspiration because I see all
my other fellow creators I see a local
speakers and I just absorb as much as I
possibly can absorb which is really
great so I'm excited to be here but
let's see how we did Dre
chop with maggiore me say on this very
short vlog I'm trip to New York the
exciting few days I'm going to vlog
still but I might now blog every single
moment
although surrounded by a bunch people
that are gonna be blogging that's a lot
enjoy to be present by religious
vlogging but I want to experience
woman's first in real time and sign up
top to exist I will walk but enemies are
Mike thank you so much MSHA Picchu days
all kind of still work but kind of kind
of off until tomorrow look if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe i
spoke again if you liked it subscribe
also shout outs to Harley that cracked
my back a thousand places when he saw me
if you don't know I'm talking about have
you ever stood like this with your arms
crossed and as someone lifts you up with
cracks every part of your back he did
that to me the partying I was like yes
I'll go me on like a piece of spaghetti
right now and stuff and tell tomorrow
morning in which case I'll do it again
but y'all what's up
