I just woke up and I need a nap good
morning good afternoon the time is 1240
9 p.m. on a Monday I have so many things
racing through my brain in my heart
right now I mean a French caucus I'm
talking to you also I go on this
ensemble of love and a lot of things
happening I woke up this morning I just
finished a meeting and I woke this
morning feeling like quite anxious and
quite like not a hundred percent and I'm
trying to reflect on what it was and I
don't want to get too much into it
because people have asked me how I
decide what to blog will to not blog I
like to blog things I think they're
insightful and I think they're
productive I don't let you get too much
into my own thought process sometimes
because the dangerous thing about
putting yourself so so so much out there
on social media is that you allow
everyone to judge you and have a say
what you're saying and sometimes that's
not healthy so as much as I love logging
everything I sometimes don't say
everything on my mind because sometimes
suck it up ups yourself and I encourage
that but I will say that this morning I
had this feeling as I often do I thought
I could have a little you know little
friendship time is where like sometimes
I feel really icky inside because I'm
like yo do you really know I think me as
a mad D for a second like do you really
know the life you're working towards I
mean sometimes I just feel so judged by
people and so like I can do anything and
people will be offended they do anything
and someone will have an opinion and
there's nothing particular just awful
feeling like you're it's like this
really cool but can be really tough
because you have so many people that
follow you and not all of them are nice
and that's how I welcome feeling but
today I'm gonna get out of the end
Saints okay everything has pros and cons
the silver lining will always the
experience I noticed having a whole
bunch of crap the moral of my first
story right now is that try your best to
be a nice person and try your best to do
the right thing and try best to be the
person you want to be in life and even
if you're the best person ever the world
will try to destroy that and the world
will try to be offended by everything
you do and the world would try to take
your intention to trim them bitter that
should not reduce your desire to David
person and that's home ending this clip
and starting this one is a mission for
today you the missionary could do a
meeting just to the meeting i'ma go on
possibly there now because I didn't
sleep too well last night I eat some
breakfast make myself a vegan cheese egg
ooh I know those are contradicting
things but you can choose oh yeah you
sue me sue me like a video about some
things and have my la signing today more
than anything is I smell that day I'm
not gonna let the world and the people
of the world and social media and all
people that harshly judged me I'm not
going to let them dictate the type of
person I am
and that's what we're doing today so
let's go
okay I'm home and had some time
reflecting while driving and I'm not
going to make this clip too long but I
know my first clip made no sense in
public what the f are you on about
and I was think about a while driving
trying to clear my head how I'm feeling
right now without getting too intuitive
you know as you're in the public eye
everyone just feel that they can comment
about everything about me and they can
there's a comment section people can
look at my actions like you're so
offensive you're this you're that why do
you your hair like that it's wrong with
your hair like that why do you talk like
that's wrong you know where you were
brought up and you were raised and you
were treated like this and you were
brought up this way that's wrong and so
it's like I just look every part of me
is being dissected of you who don't even
know me and that bothers me not because
I want everyone to like me I know
everyone's not going to like me I know
not I was going to find me funny so
people think I try too hard I know the
common people think I'm cringing I tried
too hard and I try to be a different
skin color I know and those things
genuine allowed me I don't care what we
like but I just try so hard to be a
beacon of light and positivity in love
and when that doesn't happen it bothers
me when people look at my actions I
think are so innocent and pure and
they're like oh you're wrong because of
this in your friends because of their
seconds they're raising all this stuff
because of them I'm just like I'm being
me I'm trying so hard to put positivity
into the rubble what I really need to
get better at is understanding that is
not in my control it is not really it is
not in your control if you want to be in
this industry you have to learn no
matter what you do people are going to
say that you're wrong and they're going
to disagree and they're going to think
you're black and they're going to think
you're a bad impose visit whatever they
are thinking you can't control that and
I think what makes it difficult is that
know when you're talking to a friend and
you disagree with them you have a
conversation and you have a level
respect when you're in the public eye
you don't always have a level of respect
like under some of my pictures and
videos if someone doesn't agree with
what I'm saying there is no let's have a
mature adult conversation because you're
human there's a view this is why you're
wack it's why your sellout it's wider
this is where that and so I just need to
understand that's not in my control and
that unfortunately is part of the job
the more I understand that the happier I
will be in that is 100% non-students
anyone else is 100% to do with me so the
world will not change but I can make my
world change and that is what I've
gathered from this Drive the log is
already 84 years long I am so sorry but
that's how I'm feeling and I have a long
channel to single anomaly let's go eat
nap time
jobs are good tabs get ready the Raptors
game start an hour ago now except long
learner supposed to is not the duralabel
watching the Raptors game became watch a
little of my signing so what's the most
important part is my booty so the most
important part but it's a part so I
don't really have a note for today but I
had this really shirt I added a little
kiss pin and I know where these ripped
jeans and his white shoes I think it's
pretty dope rappers are also losing
severely to Cavs but we're gonna go to
the signing now Lilly where you at
Goodell a role Barnes and Nobles but do
this angers the event that actually I'll
reschedule appreciate everyone coming
out I really do I forgot the tag and my
shirt also so excited me it'll be fun do
it
I was crying and we making choker step
one or something good you feel crazy you
crazy
a lot of Scarborough and make this
McCarver are all impromptu dance break
Congress people so juveniles and I
expect my shoulders are kinda hurting
and kinda massage that more time
productive that's always working when I
get home and like always my how I'm
feeling during a day I missed your team
supers not I look so any more alive when
I'm with seem super yeah I'm surround me
and she's like that's not true but just
seem super has this like love and energy
with me unlike some people I don't stay
in your damn self
I know a team simply say your face stays
on my shoulder every person's like you
got lifted out and I know what that
Olympic you super face when their
lipstick on my shoulder this over there
exciting new that I want to tell you
this for a while but hasn't been able to
tell you now the next part of my journey
in giving back to the world in team
super changing the world for the better
making a positive impact is that I am
excited to be partnering up with unit
cell division some awesome things and
right now the first thing is that we
have to amaze campaign going on where
you can win a trip to Singapore and all
the donations go towards helping the
women are aided by UNICEF and so since
we were reduced up we have so many
amazing things coming up and way that we
can all do our part and being a light in
this world so excited to finally tell
you UNICEF is so important when I was
growing up for Halloween I set the Box
you miss a box around my neck when I
went trick-or-treating and that was like
the first thing I did was a kid to give
back in to donate so it means a lot to
eat you could partner now and that's
ionized again I was excited take you on
this Judy alright so basically would
have happen right now is something very
crucial I'm singable black but doesn't
matter when what to do he races all
emotion I'm feeling I'm going to make a
birthday video for doings but this
tomorrow
having a one minute Instagram rats video
I even ordered some props to do this
with and so that's one right now I'm
going to write Twain one minute to clap
song which should be a walk in the park
for me since I know every single detail
of what's happened so let's do when
you've got to record the song on your
closet you forgot this what your closet
looks like done the song this is about
to get real real tiger design socks how
you gonna do it
No is that how you want it how do you
want this roll with it get the cause in
the head you go yeah yeah papi what the
hell your brother down there oh
joke when you like a baby I need to deal
with all of this I need to pack in with
New York tomorrow in a long goddamn
night after my laundry as well as like
1:32 a.m. right now it's all good
saladin in the hood I'm not wearing
pants but I did this boom here's a thing
packed for New York creepers ready to go
and the closet is cleared and singers
hung up and my carpet is vacuumed gym is
important thank you
how would my hair back and forth I whip
my hair back over well dizzy also the
plank noodled yes Kerouac space let's go
- are my clothes almost on the dryer I
went downstairs to get some water and
the Dwain cardboard cutout scared the
mother f in hell out of me I'll be
relieved there's no scare someone else
tomorrow That moment when you remember
that you didn't actually record the rent
portion of the video for Thursday zips
take camera through New York and you're
actually not actually sure if you
thought you were going to be let's see
how we did today
Todd we're there Joey what's going on
thanks for doing that are very very very
productive vehicle be you had a
wonderful splendid day thanks for
listening to my thoughts and has it all
make sense sometimes just talk aloud
let's try the camera on sometime they're
going to read it I try not to have a
breath when some type of microphone that
you block who cares no one understands
you but not I don't have a read thank
you for listening to me stream of
consciousness and let me talk crap I
really appreciate that do by again Joe
take it side I'm coming to you very very
soon and I cannot wait and tell them to
whom if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe do I need all you
right now spread the word Dubai Trinidad
Australia New Zealand Singapore Hong
Kong you're sold out every Sydney years
old out to Melbourne Ursula Melbourne on
the show added lots of places 13 years a
little Malaysia get your tickets how to
be a boss tour we go to new for two days
come back and we're on the road again
