I am asked today is gonna be a tough
goddamn day but first so many times
laters minutes hours later I woke up at
2:30 because of jet lag and I have not
slept some said a knife at 5:45 these
lovely human came and made me look like
a human and now we're heading to help me
interview yes because 8/8 introduced its
new roster roster it's also super
Thursday ah why we have this for
motivation oh god mother the picture of
you my bedroom oh my god it looks just
like you
oh my god Kylie number Real Talk usually
jetlag doesn't hit me but I've been up
for a long time in about four hours now
I'm gonna be like a really different
person okay I'll have a hug ready for me
I'm kidding I'll pick you the favorite
but it'll be great and the plan is to
shoot a super Thursday really right yeah
a good one I think it will be funny
we've been talking about this one okay
right yeah you have a son here for sure
all right so I was rushing but now I'm
gonna tell you today's mission we're
heading to BBC to do an interview we
have cloned two o'clock line six seven
eight interviews I think preparing
against mascara is a hot SMS after that
we are driving to Manchester and then
I'm shooting a super Thursday video and
hopefully after that I'm sleeping and
hopefully by the time you get there I'm
not dead aside from all that staying
hydrated staying healthy and positive
leaving the UK bloke it's 10:10 Ravens
time to relax it awaits ten interviews
we lined one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten interview today
please cut to a pretty montage right now
Italy cut cut cut cut
it's home hey lolly number one body
friction leg oh wow
okay I just I heard them so much that
you are now a bona fide that's pretty
cool now if it's play Nintendo why are
these important to play Nintendo with
your life is because the Nintendo all
you can control is Margot
you can control anything else that's how
we should live life should focus on with
inner control and that is up run down
muscles I better only the best some part
of you those chords day one a couple you
on the globe dream function I'll come
out there is number scoop let's do it
probably everything you've achieved
weight is also that often something
we've never ever been okay
I fancy movies on Adult School and now
look look if there ever appeared but all
right two down eight more to go
what number three well the hair about it
how to be a Wonder Woman Billy to move
three down and now it's lunch no for for
lunch for for level one versus number
four what we forward to number four I
came to realization this morning I
shared with Kyle I have discovered
something I love and it's so random
but I discovered when I makeup artist is
this morning it happened twice to mean
one week which is like him but it's a
grand realization but that is I love
when people affectionately touch my face
it's really ribber to someone look like
this or like touches like cuz I'm makeup
I should do my makeup which is like no I
was like I'm in love with you right now
I literally just so warm and people
sexually touch my face and usually you
mean it yeah like see I love them
I love it so much I'll click holding
hand fan bloke in it fans jammed South
in Anderson necessity globe you know
with the Queen Buckingham Palace snap
son yo Perry Perry stuff so hot and
stuff and that's core down also that one
was the heart beef with a fan of mine
now you're in the wall she's under magic
right now what you guys the UK edition
of the book is so interesting it's a
hardcover and it's printed right on it
so different from America there's no
sleeve as wait the colonel why is that
anyone know what oh wait Wow the pages
are way thicker cause those page that's
mine now hold on thank you not hard bit
this is the worst thing ever but every
time I'm here I pick up their accent and
I don't even realize that someone talks
to me I was brought back to my car I'm a
alright anyways we're inviting to lunch
that's part of the day I'm so excited
have some lunch and then we got six more
interviews after that and a drive to
Manchester is like three hours so we are
a long day ahead of us still cursor good
positive ease remaining look
pretty goddamn beautiful I gotta say of
course you know this was going to happen
that time to look
it's all the little things of meeting
the people and getting to go places that
are really accomplishment five down
nearly dad are they opening SeaWorld
London hey Kyle we were here first for
you and ladies boots on your nipples
like this like this so me smack you with
my boots like a true member of team
super you should love the best daddy
with Tostitos eat these people
all right at that time of day where I'm
losing my mind and I'm very very sleepy
but we have how many more interviews yes
five orange juice film the half my orb a
little more you said ten then we do a
couple extras who says you yes my lips
to looking like koalas knows Richard go
back at the BBC for five whole trees
Michael I just put them retired I'm now
pushing through only half we've done but
we're gonna make it happen we go with
you feels also we're not helping what
halo they want to assign your portrait
when they turn on the vlog camera maybe
like you thought of it SEO why are you
talking to yourself because I talk about
doctors I was talking self doesn't
reduce right now cuz there's someone
yeah I think how to be a boss about
unleashing something that's already with
bringing out your inner vows you know
I'm not claiming I can instill quality
some people but I think we all have
these qualities and obstacle the trials
and tribulations of life can sometimes
quiet that voice I was within all of us
six down seven no 7 onwards seven seven
to go what's the math we're on set we're
going to savage up a pile reactor we at
your house Casper my particular since we
heard this doesn't always a first time
you called it was
but I'll say oh I want to look like her
contention Gordon I felt like no one
hires I'm here because I love the way
you make occasions like kind of thing
beautiful love in one seven three or
four more oh right I'm 34 for methyl
butene nine now is wonderful to learn
ask you I don't know how many more to go
Karen down shirt changed ten down one
more to go then we go nap on the way to
Manchester bless Oh eighty-four years
later I think it was so so much that was
like a four-hour journey in the car I
slept like I don't happen now I'm like I
hope it doesn't disrupt my ability to
sleep tonight is also God I've talked to
seven people like this by the way since
I got to Oz oh oh - I bro salsa super
Thursday when I'm like nine hours ahead
I am win record super Thursday video
actually arranged for a massage table to
be in my room because I want to do
awkward with our thoughts so I tried to
orchestrate it it's like a shoot this
video in a hotel room and it would make
sense we don't tell them so or do that a
little bit for me to pee I've been
holding my pee in for an hour two things
you do for the job this is a death trap
one bracket what I need you to massage
people the wrong way we got we got it
which we do for the work oh yeah oh it's
in my banana oh when you try to wash
your hair go to sleep and just have a
relaxing night and someone tries not try
but does the factor you just count again
so I know why do hackers exist well
annoying crap ever going to change all
my video title name that's this year
they have you in later loosely to chit
like it's just so dumb people have you
to account and change all the videos
what would you what are you gaining
literally you are getting music yes I
got hacked with my child got hacked and
now I'm on the phone with YouTube being
like oh hello put on my video title
descriptions I just stupid a thing about
hackers when they change crap like this
or not real
I like I can call someone from YouTube
and get them to reverse it in six
seconds like what the f is wrong
my kid is kidding viruses not the answer
let's be a lesson that the more things
you experience life the better - the
first time I hacked I was dog and now
I'm just like okay all my videos doe
just like cutting phase see the more
experience the better first and second
time you go to things are tough so third
and four times can't handle em unless
you went to the person second time so
experience is oh and silver lining
say positive my friends stay positive
toy life go we want to go to sleep and
then I was like boo can come by mu quick
I've been hacked but it's good you came
in India speaker India
here are five random facts about Mumbai
number one well I only have one point
one square meters of open space per
person that is less than New York Hong
Kong Shanghai Mexico City and yet even
Tokyo where the densest places in the
world number two the most expensive
house in the world is in Mumbai it is 27
stories and 1 billion dollars number 3
slim Engels migrated to Mumbai which is
our adorable someone doesn't bring a
flamingo to my memory I'm going to be
pissed
number 4 the author of The Jungle Book
was born in Mumbai wonder the movie is
so good we'll buy come through number 5
Mumbai ranks number 6 in the world of
top cities with billionaires that's
right you thought India was about it it
again or you know not anymore could you
just learn five random things Oh number
six did you know I'm coming to my leg
just a few days that's right tickets for
my India tour Mumbai daily and the
Hyderabad are still on sale and the
meeting greet tickets are still a few of
those left I know it was like old exams
yeah yeah the shows an hour come through
I'm gonna make you motivated and when
you leave you're gonna study harder than
you did before anyways listen book.com
slash we can go and soaks I come back to
India I'm so excited for Kyle experience
India as well okay what is that you're
in you that is when you racist
your copy you trying to plunder he's
being very cute that's very good very
good thank you very good
I'm so excited for you so get your
ticket or should we let fam
today was an interesting day let's see
how
I think we did pretty good casually
getting hacked and special massage
tables normals at my hair stream cut
Dave kindig a good luck with that thank
you for joining here today an eventful
day a pull of a lot of things that are
happening I'm so happy that you can
upper ten interviews I came home and do
a super Thursday go do I deserve mad
mama at some points for that I never
start a tally of the points I earn every
day and the much art like a record our
records of like what my highest score
everyone I'll try to beat it sometimes
you know cuz although getting points of
the day getting stuff done completing
tasks that's what's up until tomorrow
hook up if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe thank you voice result
you want to check out the video record
with the massaging in the NAR my hammer
it's right there to work on the floor as
well last vlog over there check it out
dawg check it out enjoy your life be
part of my day thanks for making time
what's good fam they support a COMSAT
tour god boss book yo I need to go to
sleep
