I'm alive good afternoon the time is
2:00 p.m. what what 2 3 1 2 1 2 12 6 2
p.m. I woke up I like 12 I slept in
actually I woke up with a headache not
because I was hungover first of all I do
not get hungover but I realize that my
pillow sucks on my neck was killing it's
so weird because I've had a little
forever but today when I got home I was
like this pillow kind of sucks know my
age because I've been sleeping on hotel
pillows for a month they're all like
plump and wonderful my dream you get new
pillows anyways long story short this is
what we need to do today commissions you
to wake up me to do claim to be then we
have a meeting for girls I have a
meeting with my financial advisor then I
have standby for them tell you right now
what I have envision then I have three
Skype calls with team super winners of
the pre-order campaign and then I have a
call regarding my show in the
Philippines after that I have to write a
bunch of scripts because tomorrow the
day after the day after I have video
shoots precise and all of that I want to
sit in my hot tub today that's what
we're doing a hustle hard yes it would
not make a video game myself my first
fail today I'm going to make up for it
are you ready ghost ghost ghost ghost
ghost
yes today we gonna be able to getting
points on yo just had a sick meeting
with my business advisor essentials ok I
love her because every time I was
meeting with her I feel significantly
less stressed she she explains numbers
and money and assures me that I'm not
going to be a hot oven mess and then she
leaves in a microwave what is it what is
it and having to be with that but now
I'm going to Skype some of you it's
really really exciting I'm going to
Skype you and of love with you also
because you are the people that won the
pre-order contest for how to be about
mixology design a conical wager in the
hop
she's the first winner and she is
literally a genius she went for science
cash is going to be a neuroscientist and
she's so smart she used the word
vendetta and I'm so impressed
you're so sweet you're in the vlog
you're maybe it's been a pleasure
no she's great is it a pleasure speaking
with you you're so amazing so nice
talking to you ok hi I never minded
Caroline I hope I can come one day yeah
none because it's like really hot is the
food really really spicy though like ice
did you read it yet yeah slowly but
because they're too hot already but I
really did you like it yeah
was there a part that was your favorite
I know some people tell amazing that
makes me so happy
say hi dick domine she's from Kerala and
she's wonderful
and she's watching my videos for three
years and she already read my book when
you beautiful for the first time what is
this how does it say by the way what I
was hearing several lactating because
you guys know menstruating and lactate
or two different things
hot eken miss you and all the things
tell me make me feel like I'm moving
yeah okay so my baby Kingsley so the
video says how long has been changed my
life and I had no idea was like this
video you made it on his own
and I'm about to do a live reaction to
this video I know what the kumquat its
Kingsley here and today's video is
literally defending me sitting and
kneeling at little thing to say the
quality about this book is on that
look at that what coming gave up no
teeth what kind of delicate look please
no all has notes like it it made me
literally at my intense session with
myself I at point felt like she was
personally a stinky I mean that in the
best way possible happen to me night
night I told myself like you're not
going to read chapter without taking
something away from every single one of
the notes is a lie or pair at work hope
that stuff out me there were so many
times while I was reading and literally
has the book down and like wow wow my
thing was to literally vocalize the
exaltedness but because of this book I
will have Thursday's holding or a people
here going to be there one of the most
profound things that really doesn't
build with it the option is that to
promote what you love that's what you
don't you should take it
I love really smell oh fuck it and yeah
so let's happen it I think it love
movement when I was very dark your
stories to be worth waiting on that back
together and you're like these stupid
bitches like that forward I mean my
first relationship if you break up and
get back together actually six columns
you live in your experiencing we just
realized that no bodies move
good boy and don't have the energy or
desire to pass judgment on anyone life
I'm just going to do that another thing
does another demon it will explode
within one of her blog that really
happened she created really I think they
were career that conversation and she
got caught up out of the ordinary
lottery to Brazil both like on our hi
mrs. s gives me like old Lily live blah
blah and she said in robotic you don't
you understand but that person to do new
things world you can't always be making
on a wall just another hair doing
everything which you used to do all the
time and I love all your back but you
guys so much a lot of things that was
just to me what were you living this the
whole year or that my old stuff under
excuse me I believe it with personality
I just haven't had the balls to do what
I want to do Lillian stuff already shot
my ass and it's not very confident and
the kids and I never actually enjoyed
sitting here connecting with video
camera I got I mean not so tough
you guys are invited to shit on a wall
pictures and shit with my favorite
creators which was another thing from
probably about creating a physical
environment that makes you so motivated
is something that is completely in your
control and he liked also Tuesday is
done I don't care if you must be a
little people is because I'm sorry was
my
for so long I was trying to make people
happy by being who I was but now I'm
focused on making myself at me while
being who I am yeah
those of you who are sitting around who
are things are real on Twitter hi I'm
simply on the terrific doodle I make
people happy and no I got so I want you
to know that like I did not tell him to
make that video you made on his own and
he has been texting me and he's so sweet
like that reactions exactly what I
wanted my book to do any people think
about their lives and evaluate and grow
and like that could not have been more
what I wanted to computer breath I'm
just looking text you a freaking love
paragraph right now I live with an
awesome cause I was amazing he was a bug
he is literally the bedroom my favorite
people I've ever met in my life
he's such a good friend you so genuine
and that right there's not not even
because he like plugged my book but he
just like cares to make the effort to
let people know that he's there and he
cares about them and you value them and
he always does that you always have some
time time being like checking it on you
how are you so your Twitter you okay
he's just phenomenal I'm in love with
him I'm like a rider diaper Kingsley the
rest of my life I love him so much I
will do anything for that man anything
please be straight marry me and congrats
on your courage yeah a lot yeah that
means a lot to be yes thank you read
even address that the fact that he's
like yeah I was so something so does now
I'm going to change oh that's amazing
that's the top especially if YouTube
game it gets tough concerned about views
and how you have to say things and do
things and to do that is like I'm very
very honored that I had anything to do
with that decision so Kingsley where the
medicine best African love you everyone
subscribe to channel right now go
subscribe his channel right now the link
will be in the description over the top
line of my goddamn description go
subscribe to channel cuz he began
deserves it also think of amazing people
look at the air it's Eric I know what
you think in one hell is air in here
Erin doesn't even talk to me you know
why cuz Aaron talk stumbles this is my
favorite but I love you too but humbles
my
yes to campaign subscribers yeah Wow
no I love Aaron and I'm okay that should
have a love affair going on in humble
time you're my second that's not true
because Alex and Lauren got a third boy
you're like six we got you send
everybody of them oh come on let me
crush you when you hug you I'm so
delicate he doesn't hug me isn't here's
no time we want to you maybe you should
really wait I'll give you hugs all the
time because that's into hugging my way
to number one never happened before
okay I went to a magic ping-pong because
you think you can and I quote walk
compete we go see was crackin so I've
had two meetings today and at interview
I have four more interviews I got to
write mad scripts I got a lot get a lot
of work done I just want to take a
second to say if you're so nice to be
home I'm so happy I'm also happy to
start traveling again but I'm so glad
that the tour schedule allows me to come
back home for just a few days for again
spectacular and I feel grateful we're
going to wait 20 minutes into my
interview start my wait till after
interviews again to work most will be
going at the house will continue become
abetment getting your data see it's
Friday my Friday's for Hostelling also
shout outs to my sick sister Lauren for
sending me she has a collaboration with
pop sockets into this cute cute ones all
sat and scrap and this one I first when
I first saw these are like what are they
would use them for and then during being
grease when y'all have them on your form
I use it I'm like this is the most
useful thing ever or put these all over
my goddamn phone right now thanks Lauren
finished
all three of my interviews can't up
games not I've just got here and I live
not as a live well so clap live in town
he's going to come by using hot
submission a lot of work out you're done
today now okay
you got a lot of work to look at a
constant work I really I can work things
you know
bat-ball and other sizes rest the family
Wow nutrients also bagged first order of
business I clean the fridge just now and
now we're gonna go grocery shopping you
get some food because I have no food I'm
so excited to drive my car right now so
expect that go to do cars right now
that's better okay I need some friends
hey any more friends hi yo need more
diversity our group a hella races no we
don't have any members will have any
minorities everybody yet there we go
a minority party divided into two groups
me nada and humble and level and I
purpose about bananas on my list so I
could get some bananas that are kind of
good because home will be like yo I
found in bananas humble I found your
banana your humble your bananas are
right here home of the do the bananas
oh no not to the matchup they come to
mama come to mama open to you Jake Bravo
you just robbed I was the most my emails
my heart on my phone died and we go to
the best man go inside I got work done
and we already we chillin it's called
it's called right look look the worst
we're going on a hot dog wow that was
really like a privilege favorite today I
was a really bad summer take that back
we're blessed getting a lot of the fun
so I stopped all stress upper chest 3:20
a.m. and I also I could leave at home
I'm like what the hell inertia I
shouldn't be gentle I just came from
Vancouver in the same time zone I would
do some email so didn't the time is for
18 and I just killed it I killed it I'll
do all my email applied to some thorough
email kill the mother effing game
reviewed mad ish let's see how we did do
it
done by myself and again I went more
brave looking fresh I think we were
really really accomplished a lot today I
got a good amount of athleisure stuff
done and works at them tomorrow I'm
writing all day writing scripts doing
more work the hustle is going to
continuous 4:18 I'm asleep in just a
little bit as well
until tomorrow who pooped if you liked
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
also your major announcements Trinidad
has officially moved the information is
in the description June 30th I'm pretty
sure double check the description I'm
pretty sure June 30th is when horses I
was two shows on one day now Trinidad
all the information in description check
it out I don't want you to f up starting
for example do that and then comes
Marshall bye
