yeah BRB as I just tore up everywhere
right now good morning the time is 641
a.m. a lot is happening we are leaving
Vancouver applying to LA first things
first I don't even know if yesterday's
vlog came out I'm still deciding if I'm
going to release or not because I put
this plastic thing on my mic and it like
the glue went into the speaker so I'm
clapping every clip from yesterday's mic
he did it I'm trying I don't like to
blame you fly like take the blame but it
was a mocha medium and all the clips are
like inaudible you can't really hear
what's happens I don't know I'm going to
release it and if you're wondering why
the blog was a hot mess it should be
fixed now took the fuzzy off we're gonna
do it properly we're going to fix the
situation here's what's going on
I yield like death if you like to throw
up I feel like I've needed to throw up
in three days having able to sleep for
three or four goddamn day I don't know
why mother essence but here is the
mission participating to fly to LA as
soon as we land we're going to run free
good run three day I'm pretty sure I'm
going to miss my stage time for the
flight is delayed so I think never move
things around let's get to weed and hair
makeup get my outfit go on stage record
three four things both we need some dope
people hopefully get some people my both
after that I'm gonna come home and I am
going to just be fat
wait all of the food and watch the
rappers game I'm going to hopefully make
a video today and then at night it works
every day after party besides all of
that if I could twelve today that would
be swell I would I would enjoy that
because I feel not great have a my great
night stomach is hurting everything is
happening I don't want to complain
though about ask I'll I think I'm on my
deathbed essentially
Kyle I'm dying Kyle it's not okay I'm
dying try together
will you carry on my legacy for me you
have no videos on my channel like that
that wig that we have at home ever you
have to throw it out what a paper one
that's exactly how I found can you even
do this over the more their hands or let
me see when you prove your point
I'll be honest until I'm in a bad way
right now I have an effective date I
know why like last night I would read
smells dirty and it was like 4:30 I'm
actually a crazy animal president laura
trevino flagrant in Los Angeles I jumped
on her to skip it for the few once again
please play smaller I took under the
strip in front of you and only larger
items edit over has been safer in able
to so and I've been to the cabin if
Rebecca's oversight is bring it to the
front of the aircraft after Thomas
cleared open happy to check
complimentary pair final destination if
you need any assistance please call one
of the flight attendants so you think I
remember expecting a full slide and the
a kind of a schedule similar to example
hello I do it much more 30 and actually
about 131 our efforts left and I woke up
like in a panic and every level snap and
he wakes up in the panic sorry I'm
through the mouth open and I have so
much invited I don't fertilize but
hopefully get it home reading my own
shower own bed everything and being
around friends will solve the situation
was I to go to read eight and sexy all
my fav people they do I just told us
it's a flight got delayed even more and
I'm
fiction the basic rule and acrobatics
organizing
Jesus could take the wheel same time you
know I landed at LAX the good news is
they push my stage time because I'm so
solely with the practices I feel like
that I think I was of course myself
overall have a huge migraine and I just
need to drop so I could have maybe go to
the venue and maybe figure it out myself
maybe later on because I think I'll feel
better my migraine is pounding in my
head my first year actually days done
we'll go home and just do the UM
horizontal lift what happened we're on
our way
make I want to keep complaining we all
know that sounds like emotional
positives and I messed up all of my
energy I have a great team here today
one main thing that night up there oh
yeah this is not met Jesus thank you so
much tell Mary but have a great team
later is really gonna get me right is so
cool beautiful mother effing light over
there make a second to regret her on my
team here I'm going to kill it and
that's positive and once you
condescending but that's ok because if
you will do are you how you doing a
little bit of a situation I know but I
have to stick my hand on your head for
you do I just do it and would indicate
to you that I have camel subsidies Hausa
what's the signal alliances
in fact he designed a beautiful
Rafiki which is handmade by artisans in
East Africa and through the process she
is empowering other women around the
world so someone who has been
opportunity she also interrupted her
before just to be here do you see that I
didn't lose a large part of my life in
social media and I closed two videos a
week a daily vlog so we're part of my
belief that you have to keep the
inspiration boards so of course today
when I go on stage you want to assume
I'm pumped up they're pumped up but that
what happens when they go home I say
it's my responsibility my responsibility
to conversation goes what is just like
your mark that you are leave on the
world and pick up my school this is you
know I'm really really different this
was a lack of the basics togetherness I
just want people to know that there's
value and working together to contribute
connect it was very busy but it's corn
that they hate there's a lot of hate in
the world because without that that's
when I tattooed a sense of okay I think
a lot of the world's problems are solved
if we just let go pick and choose love
even though this has expanded to do some
look wax imagining gala and she's a
sweetheart she's gorgeous and I adore
her and she there's a home and convinced
her mommy to buy my book yeah good girl
that's what you all should do as well
and look who else is here I'm on a major
space for second cycle another mission
when my favorite but not one of my
favorite person thank you one of my
favorite visa if you don't know this she
requires a chapter in the audio book the
chapter that's without her I have not
listened to it yet because why I'm - I'm
too sentimental emotion it was like she
was a year old I shut down a caddy which
is love my superwoman oh I know she
spell my name right I know I did it like
she told you that right okay you I see
you in court when you have me you NDC
okay
you are a future
the youth other people are going to get
together to change the world these kids
are not with kids a lot ticket to a show
but their kids that have earned their
way to this amazing event and all care
about changing the world so everything
is happening I went on stage audience is
amazing as per usual you had come twenty
someone sudden you're too early not just
standing on the stage like crickets Oh
kitty as I was going to go out at that
time so what else is on here but I'm
really excited to know that I think it's
Serena I'm heartbroken hope it's okay
because life goes on and this is about
inspiring kids also we know a guy
because I adore her and I love her and I
see what my favorite parts are seeing
her and Alicia Keys onstage with my two
favorite people literally onstage
hugging's everything I want more so we
all good so I made a new friends in
Swedish at loses a little handsome guys
being this far today and I think what
you're i you taught me happy fish to get
me food thank you so much did you know I
wrote a book school yeah it's called
house to be about beauty food has beat
this baby back what man we're love this
is the face of someone pretending to a
school because y'all know I'm obsessed
obsessed with jenna verhaalen love Gina
but I also love this handsome fella
right here Justin he's wonderful and
lovely and everything and more oh I did
personalized he said to Jeff waiting
outside to like 20 line and I didn't
know you she is she coming out
you know what happened this what
happened I saw the weed a poster and I
suggested it was like let me just slide
into these bm's real specific this one
seriously what everything that she is
doing for the world I'm a massive fan
yes you're something I'm going to tell
everybody got a you got a goodbye this
girl how did your boy you're on the
brain is legend relic and to be honest I
when you come over I think you are about
to make it in this ability to spend time
with changes this is good energy and you
add so much value to my team and my life
and your system and even though you mind
crystal you're the biggest brightest
crystal we had the best day ever you are
the oh I might take this goddamn things
off right now and chain we both watch
the wrath of game but so much when
everyday justin is lovely everyone's
lovely it was just such a good time and
didn't get to see a little bump both
outputs totally find and totally great
cheeseburger in between well across the
room at the car boycott didn't even say
hi you fail it was really a good time
and that's another disaster it looks
like there's also free things here yeah
I'm so excited sometimes my friends and
do it also pop easier to braid the rest
of my hair but I got these gold things
my braids up gold and silver would it
poppy is chilling the braid up tomato
happy to miss me copy up glasses now
yeah for today Alex pick today
yeah you know I got to switch it up papi
I miss Jill it's in mystics anymore the
Bulge of autopsy chemical you move to
move alright so while going to be a
blowout between the bucks and the
rafters but now they catching up real
quick and if we windows we win the
series so we need to get us that F
together right now stop yet work also
again stopped after gather after well it
was good god damn
population 300 78 77 rappers we've got
74 84 years
what the hell is happening uh this is I
don't even understand I don't even
understand there are three seconds left
and we're up by 100 roses execute all
right yeah booty booty booty Nana
send the vibe send divine end of life
come on doors down my dude no it's not
over just over yeah
oh yeah what is weird is that they
cheated don't worry okay
now but hey all right honestly sue me
it's Thursday not making a on the worst
I've missed so many goddamn videos when
I'm home so slow go to the home is a
weird-ass party I had a mental break I'm
not making a video I'm enjoying myself
with my friends Cheers
yeah I'm taking a mental break and I
feel bad about it but I kind of also
don't because I think I so deserve
exhausted and Lancer from the airport
and we day what happened another saw me
I like a lot into my change room and was
having like mad anxiety because like we
got this so late you know one was
rushing to my hair and makeup and like
I'm talking every direction also doing
my chair like dressing up but yell not
make a video but tomorrow in a hostel so
goddamn hard so I don't miss any more
videos and I'm going to make it up sell
you off when the universe read your
signals because I can't make a video
anyway so the power just went out on the
whole street and there's no power not I
feel less guilty not with you because I
have a career anyways right right okay
right not scary mmm when nice gift come
through him because now has been up for
a while now and lots of special blocks
we're getting it ready for the party
really sore just like might as well take
a nap I don't know it's been off for
quite a while right F what's what's
going on so I had this party now how are
still out where Hydra party I didn't
make it with no life I'll send him a
walk over house shuts off like like
rusted goddamn cloud with too much blush
but let's go there we go
listen I was so so and then what
happened was you just distracted like
you because I understand we're straight
shots sometimes because like Matt in
distributing sorry Simon I'm not trying
you're responsible is it Emma watch you
and I'm like okay and I'm a little bit
incoherent but you want to dine in two
yet so we're going almost here is my
advice when I hop right now look at
these people mad people writers Matthew
I want them so sighs I'm not making a
video for dog
I needed this day I needed there's my
friendships right here Michael entropy
is not I need to build my friendships
right off because I'm so mad loneliness
and even my friendships right here
please mister flat missed you guys - oh
I'm out here trying to be a sugar mama
I'm trying to work for y'all that's all
it is I work so hard so I can be sugar
moment for my people I love these people
right here if you right here I want to
be a supermodel for them I want to make
sure they're taken care of times it is
my people I want to be taken care of I
want to never pay for anything ever
again because I want to be there for so
that's why I work so hard I said there's
been something in my eye for ages for
you in coming in my eye and I can't get
it up we have a Carmen Sandiego think
about your favorite episode or like I
remember any of the shows how many
clothes right may God Jane the risen
okay I love how I rock can I just have a
moment I love Gina Rodriguez you know
why she has a known human monday she
highlights people that usually
revelation huh you know I'm looking
emotional to do so great I love Gina so
much I really do my leaf is pancakes
with a window bread done all right so
we're heading home now and we're hoping
and praying we have power cause if we
don't you like I hope you're poppin you
might see my heat operates by power
we're gonna power I got 1 0 days Dora I
got you I got you
buta corn 1/4 day close with something
has a big time let's see how we do today
God stops with Lily I fail today in a
locator I chose to guru party I chose to
relax I feel I chose Votto party I chose
to my lap I just about make a video I am
doing myself the first fail effort on
the vlog Channel I know why you're
waiting I know it all and stop by do not
make a video and I can't do myself
complete tomato complete fail I fail
today and I'm taking that out with pride
tomorrow I look so goddamn hard to make
up for it imitates L for today
Dubai get your mother effing to get lazy
bukhansan store I'm coming to you soon
tree back I don't you sing remover and
not energy tells people the things of
information so I can give you some
information your may not but until then
go go go if you like it subscribe if you
like you're upset I'm Lim for real I'd
like to say how big I'm there for real
I'd like to say how I feel closer to me
I got big things like going to Dubai buy
tickets now getting it wrapped money
edge
