my peers will give me a rough time right
now you know good going the time is 11
a.m. I am able to sleep properly last
two nights because my period man keep
waking me up like every hour and I
should scare the crap of me I thought
about the person the point is my period
wasn't keeping me up so have been
sleeping very well but that regardless
of the point of what we have to do today
today's mission you have an interview
right now it's a radio interview as I
actually have a gap of time I'm going to
come home pop some advils and take a nap
then I have another interview after that
I have it's pretty easy to access to a
dream getaway for my show through my
show having angry being blows it winner
coming home and going straight to F to
sleep without watching and you get
political tomorrow my call 10 minutes
wait for it 5:30 a.m. besides all that
we're not going to possible take care of
my belly and just friggin calm the
uterus right into our first introvert
now it's a gloomy day as you can see mr.
Sun Sun mr. Golden Sun please shine down
on me at least fun with you I possibly
my least favorite thing in the world
went learn the shoe and my ankle sock
has come off in my shoe and that sort of
happened right now can you think of
something worse because I can't wait to
meet you exactly are so beautiful the
other thing that since I got to do books
are like school great
do you like Bellini Melanie Joly Khan in
sunny right thank you
our next guest draws millions of viewers
to her YouTube channel
uploading videos that talk about
everything from parents succeeding to
being a teenage girl I mean you name it
how would you describe what you do I
always describe what I do is I make
uplifting how many content on the
Internet well I think I was you know
lucky enough to start at a really good
time I believe I was one of her self
Asian women the comedy on the platform
and so right off the bat people were
like they're not round all speaking
about relationships and things like that
I think was intriguing for people when
you interview does getting my point
Thank You Poli the club swings me so
much pull is okay so probably so
different than how you are in your
videos always infringement because I
think I'm exactly the same we have a
difference is what I'm super owning like
your wipers go super like I don't have
to be like that in person every day but
I was resolute like you're so quiet
something call me quiet and what I would
never describe myself as quiet or shy
but I guess that sometimes I think what
it is is in person when you see me if I
was to say thing don't say the same
thing to Suppan but I'm a good chill
person I think and I think a lot of
people get shocked by that they expect
me see most really second be like yo sis
what's up and I'm like why would I be on
like that if I was making new videos
like in person you might get thrown off
and think I'm quiet but I don't think
I'm quite as kind of like how are ya I'm
gonna meetcha Metzker like a chill calm
person unless a drunk angry eye excited
or like I'm at a party or like I'm
telling jokes and stories then of course
I'm like very like that but we seen on
the regs I'm probably not going to be
like what up t-shirt reference way to
getting calm down
yes I think I'm the same but family
believin quite some times which is like
interesting right oh do you feel it do
you feel that you do feel odd you feel
that because I feel like it's time for a
nap because I have a break right now
bye so I don't know what it is during my
naps and during like the middle of the
night I'm not getting quality sleep
the even in this map right now I wake up
like every 20 minutes being like I
should I go back to sleep so I'm not
like getting that solid sleep I feel
like I'm dying I feel like my naps a new
account I'm even more tired if anything
and I was when I started but now as we
down to the four minutes so look it was
possible Jordan some people are afraid
of quake okay all the interview done
back when I was 12 I have about 35
minutes before I go back into the lobby
I am so tired I don't understand why I
had an ask how like a decent number
hours of sleep I just don't know why I'm
not sleeping well here's what I think it
is I think I have like some anxiety
because I know the next two days and we
really look up for example tomorrow my
call time is 5:30 after that it's 4:30
and then as soon as I land I go straight
to eat a so I think I know the next year
I'm getting does the next thing I look
stressing about that and that's not
allowing myself and maybe
I'm getting a bit overwhelmed with the
next three days in terms of like
scheduling that I'm kind of like I gotta
sleep and I even stayed ran into you I
you noticed myself based on a
conversation before I was like I apply
it right now granted I'm tired but then
another reason I realized I'm probably
more quiet on show days because I'm very
big on conserving my energy so like
literally throughout the day I be like
be quiet close your eyes conserve all
energy that I go onstage I would be like
what you do it's all about conserving
energy and one of the boat I'm gonna
take a shower and not touch my face in
the shower because my basically makeup
is on already and hopefully that wakes
you up because right now lily Oh Brock
alright so this is the vibes cool shirt
I'm not so very shoes for a white blazer
over this but not for the meeting great
because your faces will be honest my
throat really hurts I need some hot
water and honey also I put a little
fuzzy thing on top of the microfiche and
I feel like it might be muffled now I
will fix it and maybe cut a hole in it
so in case it's muffled I'm not sure I'd
have to wait until the ball comes out
stand by we're heading to the venue
let's go this is happening you guys are
that person ones in line today
sometimes you gotta run
no interviews and people have asked me
like in the way just so much of your
life on analog and like how do you
decide I'll tell you how to decide 99%
of the time when I'm pissed about
something you will never know why
because I do not believe in playing
about negative vibes I always say how I
feel about things
I will never see the cause of them
really but specifically because I want
to do people and things others but but
what in order to show our Yamaha team
talk actually I need a goddamn friend
right now is how I feel before the show
but I don't wanna go out there and like
always team supers me feel warm and
fuzzy like you always do because believe
it or not you are actually one of the
best medicines I have remember kids
specifically mentally mostly bad all I
need to do either go on Twitter or I
think more healthy ways
see you in person and you always make me
feel better and I'm hoping has to happen
right now
nothing is wrong actions what things are
wrong but this is Matt you're going to
perform this is shown under control okay
Vancouver we're having also time
regardless of everything that's
happening because I truly believe when I
go on stage no matter what F is
happening all that matters is me and you
and that is what's going to happen so
then convert Nikki and that was a really
really good audience that was a
phenomenal I'm so much fun whether or
not I don't know shut off the car we had
to sit on floor behind a curtain operate
slide show a lot of you treated me
asking where the ball players which
arrived by the way John wonderful wrong
floor it was the cover called paper
10:19 the case ice whether or not it was
big weight on the grass huh another
parent that was treating me angrily do
you might have cold up by winding away
because we were dealing with disasters
has a lot of course in that open that I
was not secure being like please make
them waiting to go was a reason so I am
very going here we were so much fun I
really had to die with you like always
you make me feel better in my life but
now we are going to go to go do it
golden ticket winners from Barry
come through what's that fair ties come
through with up recess yellow day 11
today I patty today I thought first
today I'm gonna have a heavy sigh yeah
we're we're gonna tell anyone I adore
that particular day we're going to run
for my hand and I saw my role right now
a camera make up as I go along about a
few toes I feel good I'm asking are we
living today how do you do my name I'll
shake that octagon possible that we met
sofas I always think of Oracle than a
million eleven people oh there's a model
superb
call me down for to you unlike over for
our Mexico there's not a door
brick noodle I should go I love you call
and it was a retard but in the end of
this segment with ice cover that was
microphone for me and it came from my
heart
we don't follow already working the
phone we came in between other students
or master suite that's right and how do
you spell Li L a lot and if you write
your home yeah three hours before too
but I am eager to see the bomb.com in
fashion scroll bomb that I'm going to
even my vlogging camera quality know
this well they wrote it you can say
whatever you want to with yours isn't it
important that I go in that little room
jacket in similar here I'll be Rebecca
this is really tribute a whole just
people watching me do hi guys it's a
skank you what I think okay
unless Mason how you doing that show I
won't face just the bestest time like I
do every time I was like the most
inspiring say I was smiling a whole time
and I'm voice hurt because I was
screaming so much and it taught me a lot
of it and I mean lucky me and I'm going
to taught her that all of you are so
much and I hope to all needed a chance
to be with her in New York
amazing you stop your table do we uh we
do that pose I think okay so you like I
think you were giving me a check in your
arm was around there it is
recreation recreation at its finest we
bring you a word from our sponsor
tortilla chips in other words for my
delicious pasta you see yourself smarter
no because you're both nicer yes and
smart enough myself
do you feel like you're getting free
health care right now I do you do right
yeah see like you love the Prime
Minister
yeah doesn't get class weather yeah he
must cry over your room 220 thousand
true they have any Revell facilities
look what happens on this one died
because I can't opening all right you're
the 17 ravioli sir Oh mr. Sun is in the
background ignore him because it's
seventies really but then I get in there
made us also my visa and then we have
Texas supplies to get busted
if you wanted to have experience of that
okay so they don't make us five minutes
please don't make too precise my rent no
long day well you're just like I'm gonna
spend the next two hours crying that's
me right now not saying okay feel but
nope no one to go back this was not a
pretty party I'm just telling you it's
healthy to cry sometimes I'm having that
moment where I want to cry right now I'm
not going to get too much into this
paper and I'm totally gonna get too much
into it but anything is on my mind to
the extent that I feel comfortable
sharing with you because you know I want
to protect myself as well and feelings
and don't have to share things that I
want to share but it's towards as far as
been so different maybe to you why
because as I've expressed before there's
certain things that are out of my
control with certain territories there
are certain territories that are in my
control and you will see a vast
difference between my show between the
territories I can control on the ones I
cannot which already right off of that
annoys me because I don't think people
to experience and I show differently
from territory territory obviously no
one cares about you and about my show as
much as I do
that's not and that's not meant to mean
an insulting way that is just factually
what it is in life no matter what you do
no one will care about your stuff is
what to do that is fine but there has
just been some unforgivable things in my
opinion with this tour where like I
don't to blame anyone I'm not saying
that this is more fault but there's a
bit like four or five venues run right
now and it's not even like a house
they're mad at the venue because to be
honest teams people probably walking
then you probably don't even care you
probably don't care if the stage has
wings now we don't care what the seating
right and probably don't care what the
page looks like I do though as a
performer and then work with 82 you is
to go into venues now where Kyle is
running the show crouched in front of
the stage or in some venues in the
audience to recital is simply
unacceptable team and it's kind of like
what is stress three hospitals and what
is upsetting music cool thought that was
okay it's like I truly I can say there's
a lot of bad qualities about it but one
of them is not working hard
I work so hard and when I walk into an
event and I see the decisions that have
been made about a show that I worked so
hard on and hosted I bizarre I feel
personally offended and some that
someone on my team would think that is
acceptable like you have to not know
anything about me to think that I'm
going to be okay
walking into a mother effing venue and
seeing some of the things I've seen or
like before show signing
so many books is like I am performer I
am not on one that goes on stage and
does a Q&A and I am not trying to defend
him to anyone does that that's great
people love that I don't do that I am
putting on a show and if I'm pulling all
nighters to do that and bend over
backwards to do that I need things to be
a certain way and I think what's going
so emotional upset right now because
when things don't how it translate in my
brain and about things like emotional
I'm not saying this is what it is but
how hands it in my brain is oh then you
just need to ask a work harder
use your cardigan so you don't work hard
enough for anyone to take you to
seriously right now because there's some
decisions from like how how did you
think that was going to be okay whether
it's the ad not working whether it's the
venue size whether it's just like this
system and so sight and there's no one
fault
I even one if no one fault because
everyone fault and then I blame myself
because I think well maybe you should
double triple check anything I was in my
brain right now beating myself up
because I'm like you should have taken
hours out of your day double checked
every single venue even if someone told
you some information you should
double-check that and when it comes to
ticket prices you should double-check
that you should do everything that is
not your job because you get the most to
stuff but and then it be my stomach's
like when I already don't weasel when
when would I have done those things I am
gonna go class and this is no one's
fault - super I freaking love you I
would like to borrow my heart more all
the stories I won't apologize to you if
you come to the show and the venue has
been crappy or the a/v has F stuff
because you deserve better no do I
deserve better
you didn't represent user better and you
probably don't care what I care I care
with it on a standard and I'm just not
down so that is my rant I'm upset on no
one more than I'm upset of myself and
the good news the silver lining because
I don't want to emphasize negative milk
is my favorite restaurant of all time
called Boston Pizza and it is not in
America is only in Canada and I just got
takeout from there so that's good and I
am going to now go and I'm sorry this
rant was negative or sounded ungrateful
it's not meant to offend anyone is not
meant to offend anyone that's worked on
this poor and extremely grateful and
appreciative I just made we need to
reflect on myself
well my expectations are and maybe I
need to work harder maybe I need to work
harder that's what I'm taking away with
a dire situation I need to work over so
nearly constant and
when food is your best friend I had a
realization to it as I was losing my
goddamn mind
I know me but the show went great the
show really truly went great
the average person will probably think
I'm overreacting but to swing orders I
really care about superwoman I really
care about what I do I really care about
teen super I got to care too much that's
not that's about I found a crazy person
because I cared too much I am well aware
there's many other people my solution
I'll be like on or whatever school I
unfortunately I'm not that person
I've dedicated my life to a certain
standard and quality that I don't think
it's too hot I think you lead by example
and if you follow a certain standard you
shouldn't expect less you know sometimes
people come into my senders who hire my
expectations too realistic or I should
do things whatever was there was no if I
can lead by example then clearly it's
doable my realization say that was that
I'm going to do your Nicki Nicki Minaj
Mickey nourish followed me a few days
ago come on quite random without
otherwise I know why she followed me and
today you know what I thought Nick you
have this video online where she
addresses the fact that she walked off
of set once but she's like everyone
calls me divas were walking off set so
much bad press will have section I'll
walk upset because they didn't have
things I needed they were serving me
pickle juice and it's about pickle juice
of idiots what she's like there were so
many pickle juice and I walked off set
if I guess what now I don't get serve
pickle juice anymore now when I go to a
set exactly what I need is ask that set
and you know I like giving you an
alternate perspective this in this treat
we're in and I'm not comparing myself in
the human I think we're not just light
years above me and beyond me and you
know just what I won't say that
interesting if you allow it to will eat
you the mother effing hell alive it was
not to other people I would do
ridiculous thing before a show I would
do a show and meet 10,000 people a night
I would do things are just physically
mentally and emotionally taxing because
no one would realize that when I go to a
venue expecting certain things or when I
go to a shoot expect if there's not
being a diva
it's all being like hey I am doing a
extraordinary amount of things today
that are chipping away at my soul and so
if I want things a certain way I hope it
to be that certain way because so many
people are counting on me to do good job
this is what I need to do a good job
today I was like I get I get why Newton
Minaj walked over I get it because had
she never walked off that set she would
have never gotten improving her life
people would have just kept giving her
crap and expected her to do
I get it I'm gonna do em er and I'm
asking for advice because I feel like
I'm so scared of being a diva and being
rude like I value being an ass person
but Beyonce man said in her documentary
where she said sometimes it's not
possible to be that way
in business I believe it is it I will
never interview a rude person I'm not
trying to be rude but I'm saying maybe I
need to get better at being like hey in
the nicest way if this is not like this
and I will not do this and I think
that's okay I really do something evil
right now oh my realization
I'm sorry I sound ungrateful I promise
to mom well it's 12:30 and I throw in
five hours so I'm going to end this vlog
before I do that I want to end on a
positive note not doing this for you
because I feel like I have too little
for me
just put eight minutes ranting my life
off being negative and I want to end on
a positive note because I'm so very
blessed even when we have bad days okay
that bad days
you don't have to be positive all the
time being a boss is about embracing
every emotion you feel not going to lie
and say I'm happy where I'm not things I
have to be grateful for this food was
bomb not even around the world gets have
bomb food like this I'm grateful for
that grateful that I got to meet so many
of you and take the time and energy to
draw me pictures making cards ensure for
me and grateful about that I'm grateful
that every show I've gotten to wear a
different outfit that's spoiled life
that is to Ebola I'm grateful for this
bed being super comfortable and even
ammonia five hours of sleep some people
don't get five comfortable hours of
sleep so I'm grateful for that I am
grateful for Kyle who was crouched down
for an hour during my show so I wouldn't
see him hide it behind a curtain to
control the show I am grateful that I
got to even write a book and in Canada
it's the number one bestseller for three
weeks in a row because of all of you and
very very grateful that I have friends
I'm not gonna lie I really miss my
friends I feel super lonely I really
miss emotionally and I wish she was here
and I totally understand why celebrities
everyone - or take their friends because
we get along as well but I'm grateful
even though my friends aren't here right
now I think when Kyle my friend but he's
he's not here right now but I mean like
my long longtime friends from back in
the day I'm very grateful for that once
many somewhat and I'm grateful that we
knows even because yesterday let's see
how we did today
you
so I can feel it thank you so much for
joining me on today rough day what a
great day but a rough day and maybe I
sneeze chill depo and go to sleep I
think that's what happened I'm gonna
wash my face I'm going to go to bed
no wrappers will happen science if I
don't have that much sleep on my agenda
but tomorrow is my Vancouver of signing
and I have a bunch of interviews
tomorrow as well so it's going to be a
hectic day my last day in Vancouver
Apple crackalacking and hell tomorrow if
you like it subscribe if you like it I
hope you liked it this one is for the
boys boom system top-down in feet with
the cooling system when it come by the
club be blazin up got stacks on deck
like saving up and it's real you might
gotta go see but I'm gonna get the right
kind of bibs you go you know you might
sell coke you always in the air but I
never fly coach your mother mother just
sell it on the ship ship when they make
it get them on the lipid that's the kind
of do a little bump
