apparently nine hours of sleep is not
enough good morning I'd actually get not
like seven but now my body's just like
that's not enough we need more I'm still
catching about one cup and I was like
wow doesn't make a difference two hours
seven hours and so really nice but if
you're a great morning cuz this is
what's gonna happen two million today in
look we're heading downtown whenever my
mom my dad took me to to the hotel to
pick up Kyle's or everybody else we were
heading to kiss-fm to do some dope for
yourself after that I actually don't
know I think we're going straight to
chapters and Brandon have angry well who
knows my schedule 24 things could be
missing and could be added you never
know awesome blurry can you so thank you
after that my mom has invited some
family members over because I think an
ocean Chisholm also by the way to hang
out so you to relax with them and then I
got to repack my suitcases they're hot
mess and I were just going through my
emails which I went to some of them last
night but second all of that the goal is
to make sure my mom and dad don't get
trampled my friend y'all wanna catch a
memory now let's take over the radio
space yawn or x-rated earth because
French in second language you can that's
right Bulger or wall plus all and now
I'm going to do this thing where they
don't plant and two weeks from now ready
to take over to pick my top nine songs
and you know I that's I'm Drake in there
you already know I got my booze bang so
that was a little bit accusing you stop
the clip hold on
I love being raised in Scarborough I
always tell people that my content is so
diverse and multicultural because
Scarborough has all types of people in
it I'm from Malvern actually I remember
during lunch at high school when I went
to Pierson big up yourself as go to
Malvern mall and hang and loiter a F in
the food court and get kicked out by
security one of my favorite memory for
sure nothing makes me happier than a
young artist especially a female killing
the game I got to give a shout out to my
girl
Alessia Cara who is just phenomenally
talented and the sweetheart is something
called wild things it's one of my
favorites you just got to bop your head
to this oh we should just pull over
right now and just Bobby you just get
out of your car right now and show some
respect
so let's take our enjoy oh what's that
what am i doing I'm just signing these
books how to be about yes I'm signing
them in real life and you can win them
on Monday by listening to Roz and mocha
it's gonna be six comas
we just wrapped up my kids had a lot of
fun I'm sorry to radio thing the most
like oh I can't speak English I always
learned that about myself but it's okay
multiculturalism signing the walls per
marker because I made it
you buy say bomb only umbrella arrived I
mean signing where two people let's do
it
Oh No do this right before people's all
of my energy efforts and chant - hello
we're going to and lo you and phalanges
lesson where in the world
retail oh I thought you the other night
tonight yeah what's your name
did you make that what's your name
did you make that better
Branson definitely one of the most lik
meet-and-greets I've ever had y'all show
so much energy but at all it was amazing
thank you so much I'm on the kamo it
went a bit longer than expected before
games I stopped by a tricks goodies can
transport your friends when make some
time and I want some goddamn fries
what's the biggest star right here more
than our entitled let me show you what's
up you don't know what's up 6660 Kennedy
Road unit one Rick's good eats right
there is the best food on the planet
split up with city will be News Club we
can say here celebrity chef right here
everybody get 6662 edit erode you know
one i memorize that every song will I
suffer no harm I mean you're Rick's good
eats exclusive first person to try it is
a Russell my cheesecake the most of
extravaganza this was a charged
mother-daughter that getting your kids
it looks okay
looking at the hood slogan so bad I look
at this and everyone mind about new
pants but in fact are you monetize one
other hand to my destiny
always always oh the knife got all the
nine yells I'm not my mom look
always mom the last while you were in
and no one even come to dwell believers
comfortable years old I was not for my
part and follow now that you're like
your mom can dancing like online because
you make me do pauses like some old
movie no I also hope if da prize get on
this level though back home into some
comfy clothes got my NS flutter families
would come over my mom and by the bed my
cousin some aunts notion chase all's
going to come hold on anyways I said
some family time since tomorrow morning
I'm flying to Seattle save me it was so
much fun
I'm I know I was really tired I think
you're hearing that but the energy all
bran brandon look what my most funding
reads ever so thank you so so much
you're way better at the store than the
last word is being present in a moment
I'm like literally every time someone
comes up to me I'm not just being like
okay hogging a person I'm actually
looking at their face and looking at
them when they're like smile I'm taking
in that moment and understanding it like
this is exciting
and I'm really appreciating each hug and
everything so thank you so so much to
everyone that comes up you wait so long
in line I just keep thinking about when
I was you know a fan of like Dwayne's
and run ties way mine to meet them to
think that dedication showed to me is
really overwhelming so thank you so so
much and love you good here Enid and
what up y'all again or just shoot me I
find it
what are you building oh yeah okay wait
the game Edie
yeah Vijay be nice we do that yeah
that's right you love me you love me be
money has chip I have everything to
drive you would love me okay I was
mostly money as he looks
but this hair you don't dig it all today
attack of the chip monster no he ate
real food this is not huh I promise okay
B do you like chips yeah I'm sure okay
let me see you want more chip you love
me
like bending on exchange mouth what's up
you know this graduation oh no no we
upgraded from the mango mousse mango
genius Atoka drowned I hear mango yes
mango we don't shoot the cake also
there's Papa campaign very bourgeois
forever
ah I was actually I wasn't either I
didn't know you had it you know like
like what I don't have a sign popular
kidding okay thank you
na na mam mam not my mouth yeah Lily my
yelling also my two friends are here the
two friends I have her here obligation
true true my brother not keep the racing
elves out of my name because you know
the roses but my mom wrote this next
five days is really but then she told me
I feel that I was absent for most of
those days and then thus this does not
count does this does not yet calm but
you wrote it on the whiteboard that's
very cute your whole trip movie essence
okay when you come next time yes you
have to like make up with this idea okay
cool some good yes any other people they
don't need to do anything ever which
other people Kyle and not what do you
mean because they always is it in a
conference and never come here yeah
let's a mom never yell jump jump down up
next them to come I'm gonna have a food
to the table as soon as they come on the
table and the food
mummy many do your paws bumped in your
photo post come on what you're posing
for a picture to your post do it do it
do it for tenders and totally right know
do properly what do you feel something
you can't see you blocking your face
you're blocking your face feel properly
my mom's clothes when she's chillin with
her girls I show you pictures this is a
monumental moment since I'll keep making
fun of me but my broken screen I am
replacing it with one one you bought me
look look look
I'm happy I'm happy look at that yes
okay that's a real crack on my screen
but all the fish mm-hmm
actually thanks team super fine my team
super I Baba
I miss you you should see you soon okay
okay what up what up laughs the time is
not a great time it's 239 I just
finished packing all my stuff go to bed
so I didn't stop clinic there was about
six head to the airport actually miles
of six of work before setting the flight
to Seattle is about five hours I didn't
take it out for the day betrayed I fail
but how we did otherwise
waiter good job soon as I be productive
I keep not going through my email though
which is not great but it's okay because
I need a mental health break and that's
fine and we did great and of course an
icicle asleep so until tomorrow Seattle
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
hmmm inside to bleeding home again
I'll be back until I still I but it's
okay the tour must go if you like it
let's talk about how it took me like 16
hours to pack for the first leg of the
tour which is only a few shows and now
when I go back to Ellie have two days to
pack for the rest of the tour which is
every country after that pick the way
