hello cat I did I can't believe it
another donor good morning I'll go about
6:15 time is now 7:45 I'm a hair and
makeup day to my dress today I have so
many things to do this morning not today
but this morning here's what the mission
is I have to leave my house it is
snowing outside there's snow outside and
I'm wearing this dress with heels so
I've decided that I've actually worked
track pants under my dress and Uggs as
shoes man changin airy interview speaker
which have one two three four five six
seven interviews back-to-back but then I
am done and then I'm going to come home
with 17 layers of clothes and take a nap
aside from all that yesterday I do not
have a positive day but today I want to
change that yes I'm tired yes I have a
lower tolerance I'm less able to deal
with the punches life throws because I'm
so tired but to try my absolute best to
maintain positivity and maintain energy
and not lose my cool or my patience
because they don't want to be that
person but if I do get a little bit like
have to cure myself I'm also not gonna
get annoyed of myself they've got
self-love being patient and being
positive is chemical I feel like this
could work too you know
we're just back in Kenya named one of
times 30 most influential people on the
internet one a for 30 under 30 employ
loads at 8 YouTube stars that are taking
on the world that intro oh I know my job
really didn't show me I know I already
other brands I already have done you
will of rack musical ambitions for
violence my life is very interesting so
I think really go from my film premiere
on a red carpet the next day walking
into a dish that we like it's kind of
interesting what I find that challenging
and exciting going on making a new path
into Hollywood that a deprived thanks so
much for watching have a wonderful day
that's okay
super Wednesday zone right now
now your simpler for so maybe also you
are a be eight of you thank you wha yeah
as are you okay you little song did you
don't think I've been and look for so
many of them but you're like soft things
you know under this one soft they turn
over the next one so right back in the
third Rob that's three down all right
fish three interviews and what should
you three more but these ones are not on
camera so that's wet path and us might
be staying on I mean they could write
about the fact that I'm wearing that but
I do not care
and he number four yeah nail to five
down plus one added so that happened
also confusion of my schedule and
actually going to a Raptors game tonight
me and Kyle just had basically almost
killed each other because we're both
showing each other the wrong day in the
calendar now but look there's no dude
look at that none of us realized that I
was talking about Saturday's I'm ironic
so I went to record gameplay which we
pun doesn't we better mitten F but
that's okay it's not a husky as a
hospice team replicate this one end
sports no boy no six down yeah so now I
get to pull waivers
business to tell you the phenomenal but
not surprising and something to say
you've gone straight to number one on
the global mail about Silas Lee I would
like to say before we share in size
although and I am so incredibly grateful
for all the hard work all of you done
and right from the get-go with this
particular division and you and everyone
I felt so taken care of and it's been a
wonderful specially thank you it makes
so when you never walk in heels
welcome to a dramatic readings was
really Singh introduction holy crap I
wrote a book wait some of that up here
huh my name is really and holy crap I
wrote a book if you're reading this I'm
assuming to one of three reasons order
the book now go into your local book
store to find out how we have to go and
relate a book okay so we will change the
schedule all over again the last
interviews in cuts and I am actually
going to my last entry so what I send up
a game video was right and I said it
wrong smells right again we're heading
to laughing she called the social it's a
live audience your place of work
scooters I know I don't like to disturb
you but clearly from the camera angles
and we're capturing I thought that I
called know sounds like a lot devious it
won't take these babies out and it's
gonna be fine okay young he's trying to
sell books
11 million YouTube subscribers and
areolas indeed over a million time a lot
someone wanted pirated or because never
have a call to hit yeah oh my god Wow
just based on the social 707 done I've
done for the day goodbye
behave another thing to go white don't
have a day with dead bless the Lord
thank you Jesus
Marilyn Maximo tells me of my hair
braided back torture' styles for brains
so kills the brain for Cerritos then I'm
going to go back home I guess for a
little bit before I comes out right back
here in alright time to ditch this
hairstyle and got my four braids just
like this just like that look at this
braid over but can we just vote I can
cover my cleavage look hot tight and
need this braid up is epic you'll come
back Laurie are we like it over here
okay I want to be sure awkward
blend Studios right here Sonic's on the
game because brave dog say this girl
it's a girl my makeup look at these
people y'all also the hotel just gave me
popcorn in a script like oh man we have
to feel sorry for you popcorn you know
you made it when you get free popcorn if
everything else
snaps on the car ride home just a samosa
signal 1 hour nap again and then I have
tremors get ready the more literally
back downtown made no sense we come back
home but I'm like me maximize my family
time you've known what a nap right now
my success might have a Oh check this
out the game is dope Toronto Jersey the
she wanna rap producing called the
Huskies back back back in the day and
today's a husky team record game so the
game is Jersey and I'm gonna go into
maracas and right in there now I'll go
for my nap is a little bit late so
rocking uber cuz I can take some time
like daddy can you drop me could you
back up Aaron Santa dropping me dad
couple the poet
mmm pizza and brands business blessed
life in my onesie right now Raptors one
ate some pizza ate some onion rings you
know what's good I'm gonna wash my face
at his 12:30 I'm gonna go to sleep
because guests as a ravenous I'm gonna
get a settlement of kryolan I'm gonna
get 9 hours of sleep every night I was
asleep
tomorrow I'm eating green Brad should
have a regular thing before that but I
don't have to wake up that early
there's like 9:30 sense that I see the
day or 9:30 I'd be like let's go wash my
face let's go wash my face cuz you're
gonna come help me wash my face and I'll
see you in a second turn it clearly
there's somebody on Twitter because I
wanna go up there and let's see how we
did today
bonus points for staying positive
because I send that's why I want to do
yesterday we have a rough day it's
important to be like it's ok man
embraces I'm going to break all my
feelings positive negative all of them
after forcing myself to be happy from
not and the next day you try again
that's what life is all about thank you
so much for joining me on today I feel
loved seeing all these tweets about boss
above all your comments about what you
think about it I can mention yesterday's
vlog I would love if you have got the
book off Amazon or whatever website you
ordered it on you would leave a review
of which an honest review of what you
think of the book that would be awesome
and so helpful I'm thrilled with launch
week and a little bit of time and I hope
we can just keep your mentum going and
keep conquering because y'all are the
best and there's makeup on my legs look
how awesome he looks anyways until
tomorrow if you like it subscribe you do
like it subscribe also yo there are
still meet-and-greet tickets available
for a lot of the international
territories I think India I can't
remember that Hong Kong sold-out
Melbourne some of us are sold about me
angry tickets still available if you
want to check it out this thing book.com
slash tour is where you can go link is
in the description go click those
tickets cuz you want America so let it
out please catch up
