oops um in Calgary good morning or
rather good afternoon is 1:30 p.m. I
woke up 30 minutes ago and every tell
you what happened last night I start
watching 13 reasons why first of all
bomb a at you not to watch it not only
cuz I heard was amazing also because
clean a producer on except for my BAE
well I watched a few episodes in and I
was like oh my god so good but then I
went to see more like porridge and I
just two night goals like night time
night clothes cuz I was feeling very
cold and they knocked me don't f I want
this Maria one like missile India where
but I just got so much people I'm so
like drowsy from this I'm gonna eat real
quick here is the mission you were to
eat because I'm so high and I quote
we're going to go to cinnamon Random
House offices here in Calgary to sign up
hundred books and then we are going to
come back with my hair braided do my
makeup tag to the venue prepare for the
show through the show hold them ticket
winners me angry
all we're doing another me angry words
every single person in the audience so
be great and come back home and a lot
more 13 reasons why do some more emails
but Altima take back more lap we're
going to not be a drugged-out mess like
we are right now and I also want to get
last night on to all of my emails and is
like two hours of work so yo killed gay
Calgary we here it's called Lego also
public combination of the night cool and
the jet lag also slick this skin not
doing great but I'm not wearing any
makeup and let it breathe I took my
black cape the other day which is why
I'm breaking out I told myself not to do
it I do anyways it's okay
unapologetically myself I mean I can't
let me go with a Jen leg and then I'm
what if I'm a peacock and I don't know
it I always a peacock room it's hard
because I'm holding the camera act
better
exercise 750 books the camera cutting
focuses my camera goals are so good
deciding 700 copies he's too busy being
Shamu right now to concentration Oh
Vicky's broken wearable chunk of the
time but I'll braid up for some showers
better braid it was much better brain up
five animals all my life so I feel like
I'm so groggy like I don't know what's
happening I'm like where am i what I'm
in and I feel like I feel like when they
drugged me to my wisdom teeth taken oh
that's actually crazy like that
bye y'all yo it's okay you know I did
the brain is in my head haha when the
braid up lit no I love when some comes
braids my hair and they have like an
idea like hey you know we sick we should
try this I love that for example I got a
braid at three braids like this sick V
and I'm like yo that's all Nick I love
its lose mat on point and I get all did
up a makeup is big I went right up there
in Calgary and it hurts when it hurts I
want to hurt oh I need God because it
has many stitches because it hurts
because it bring up so lit ah
when you stop drop and roll cuz the
brain up slowly uh hold this this also
just happened someone just do introduce
me and I'm like oh oh okay okay don't
don't mind a photo all right time to get
swagged out all right sick the vine
boom-boom-boom got through my blades
around we were headed to the venue leg
wet the venue I tell you the horrendous
knew that we landed and the boss letters
were not land with us they got stuck in
London so we're didn't show us what all
the ball fighters face is not great I'm
not happy about but the play Nintendo
focus on to my control the venue is a
beautiful like a wow wow wow
also we'll speak more about this what
I'm dying we're about to get real
interpret right now because my pants are
undone and there's a water bottle that
sounds like pink underwear there's a
water bottle on my stomach yes why
because of course my mother has some
creature just games I'm dying right now
literally dying like on a scale of one
to ten pain we're up there in the
channel 11 section I was like lies are
watering and I'm going to have a show
plus an hour and just panicking because
I'm like how am I going to go on this
stage right now that I want to collapse
and it's like crying so the next 20
minutes I'm going to be in this room
water bottle on my uterus and hoping and
praying that Jesus takes the wheel and
walks me through this because all types
of pain is happening right now Kyle just
walked in and he's like what you're
doing with the water oh my god boys go
hug all the girls in your life right now
please when you start and work it may be
working
mmm hi Calgary put a water bottle on my
stomach I've done everything I can
this is divine slides issues look you
bring over and over again but sugar
pretend like you've never seen them
before survive to survive we are going
to dig deep we have never dug before the
doctor actually I performed in Mumbai at
one time with me without was the worst
I've ever had it but this is like when I
dig deep way to take the eval go on
stage and your Energy's gonna cure me
gonna actually sue my uterus that's
gonna happen do some beautiful circle
causal show another 19 I think
I think if not I'm sorry should with 19
it is gonna be awesome we're gonna dig
deep like a bomb are you ready Calgary
give me all your energy
thank you so much for coming up look
we're looking to Robert illness
privilege of mine how long you been
supporting since Jeff 11mm oh geez oh
you're in the basement I'll agree with
that we have a for no helpers oh my god
you spelled my name right inside the
square it's all your game right you know
I saw my lawn and it is very
Mediterranean correctly sh r ey forgive
shreya maybe this bowl if my new table
is really thing and if I don't worry
every little thing is gonna be alright
Louie PES from scratch I'm super Alberta
I love I kinda Victor writing yeah Oh
fun right there oh my god I love this
this is so cool literally no one loving
goes look at this beautiful human being
I'm eating no more default Mike it's
re-recording Tamara need you take
outside if you want you to say whatever
you want I can't believe Lily just gave
me her blog that's the first time
meeting her I was supporting her since
2011 but I've never met her because she
never come to Alberta I just wanted to
say Lily thank you so much for
everything you do you have no idea but
you've actually changed lives like I
know people say that but I don't know if
you realize this but genuinely say to
your life which especially mine I used
to mull go to trust and cynical and
negatives I hated everything and then
for some reason I clicked on your video
2011 and my whole attitude change my
parents even notice I became happier and
positive and just loved life Al's more
grateful and you literally change my
life with 180 like I don't even
recognize that person anymore so thank
you so so much for everything you do
the mindful hot day as we did for faces
been like this is living your best life
and so golden ticket winners bump out
alright we're about to go do our meet
and greet 700 people I can't express how
doable of an audience Calgary was I
wasn't feeling good yeo-hwa Heights is
hell y'all came and you were so called
for because you're so loud I smoke
there's no fire you cured me one of them
missing ones I thought in busy you cured
me Calgary thank you so so much as go do
is meet and greet
I love it looking in Brittany right
when Calgary is the mostly ever my
friends are dancing right now having
away and never happened with a coke
bottle against him
I late to the meet-and-greet backstage
for golden ticket but there she is in
all of her wonder introduce yourself
creepy
it shows the cool you made oh yeah
all the dates were right there Calgary
we got all of the go we interrupt this
meet and greet to bring you a word from
our sponsor chips and salsa keeping my
tour body great since one month ago
where'd you guys come from today nice
you have anything you want to say to
Lily did you make that shirt did you
make your shirt and you are wearing a
beautiful shirt but you made the Hat
love it
what's your name where'd you come from
today did you enjoy the show you want to
say something Lily
I I was caught in the act
mean great snack break number three we
just met through a hundred people kind
of exhausted by yo excite something not
only the one of the most fun audiences
ever had one of the most polite
audiences I've ever had every person I
met me was like how are you like I hope
you feel better
no genuinely like so concerned and so
sweet and just so like polite maybe and
Canadians polite and fun Calgary you've
earned a special place in my heart they
were just so great were they on you're
amazing I want to make it back
absolutely one of the one of the best is
for sure so hungry no joke so like I
feel like today is my good green healthy
because my system is like hating me
right now so we go eat some good healthy
food I'm again who hadn't lost problem
sir I'm not gonna actually have to take
this we have some like our Lord's call
back you might get a Big Mac on all
hockey don't make it a meal here we are
your clone that's that it out of here
small fun way no no no no in the medium
frat house in French blue medium or
large in the medium is not going to be
healthy for them regards ah 3-wood when
Shamu was in his natural habitat I'm
gonna get a couple items here tonight
yes when someone ordered an ice cream
cone and they put Kyle's head on a cone
just yo man if you want hash browns all
those hash browns or your elbows ice
also on is all an option when we get
into college to a burger
they getting a burger also tuna burger
then Shamu is gonna require two airplane
food yes he comes with carry-on built-in
built-in right he double meal and
and monomers on and we got a photo bomb
just kidding you won't tell them
lalalala coming from India straight up
it's like so cold I'm like freezing it's
mimic sorry thank you
purposes mahi don't when it came back
home it will be a sauna and I am living
for it I'm going to change it so close
imam a donk
watch some 13 reasons why which by the
way i started to watch yesterday episode
ends bringing 10 Olympic Games also
watch the episodes of Atlanta on the
plane and what up sort of divorce I love
watching you shows give me so many more
ideas or inspiration or scheduling
inspiration I'm so tired of backwards -
you know that menstruation pain though
I'm going to shower wash my face no I
don't watch that major street maybe
she'll pick on your powers use all your
powers I wash your face
Lily not just one half oh there we go
I'm ready for bed except uh forgot my
headpiece hold on
there we go yo somebody watch another
episode of 13 reasons why I know this is
a 17,000 time I'm bringing this up that
is because on the off chance that I see
Selena we day it should be extremely
busy hosting I want to be able to say yo
watch a show you produce and want to say
something about it no and also like I
mentioned watching shows and stuff
really helps me write scripts thank you
so much in the love of my last video by
the way MUC allows feeling a little bit
down because a main channel has been
popping as much because kind of three
posting consistently could the 12 on my
last video got a lot of love so thank
you so much it makes me feel very
special I'm so excited go back to LA to
beg some videos because it has been
crushing my soul I've missed some
uploads literally crushing myself not
really sets aside to see not on hung on
them as well that's gonna be cool
Vancouver have a signing and I have a
show I actually love Vancouver a lot on
my first big signings ever in my life
was in Vancouver so holds a special
place in my heart but as of right now yo
Calgary forget licked you are a listen
alright I licked chew way shuts finger
watch
wait this is right there we go here are
five random facts about Calgary since
we're here we might as well number one
there is a weird technical law that
still exists in Calgary ready for this
when you are released from jail
technically they have to provide you
with a horse and a gun that you can
safely make it out of town number two
you can be fined up to $300 for spitting
in public you can also be fine for
putting your feet up on chairs and
tables etc in public helmet my mom may
be the number three Calgary is home to a
lot of professional wrestlers including
the very famous Bret and Owen Hart
number four now this is for all you
people that know about old school vibe
the movie Cool Runnings Cool Runnings is
what a Jamaican bobsled team now it is
based off the Olympic Games that have in
1988 and those Olympic Games took place
in Calgary so cool running inspired from
the Calgary Olympics
number five Calgary Stampede is known as
one of the greatest outdoor shows on
earth it's about let me read it for you
it's an annual celebration of rodeo
music food and fun it is going to be
like one of the biggest things with the
most amount of people yeah I was like oh
I don't not anymore cuz you just learned
five you think
oh boy running let's see how we did
today
pretty good day pretty productive day
mostly because I didn't die of period
pains I survived because of your love
and support and I really really really
appreciate that let's say on the toilet
good so what the toilet dense ball
baccarat don't it stop with melon thank
you so much for joining me on today we
are headed to Vancouver in just a few
hours which I'm excited about is such an
interesting time difference because when
I leave here at 10 mile it's 10 and then
when I land it's 10:25 even though the
place is a couple hours long because the
time difference in the size and
photosynthesis land yeah today after
this vlog releases have some exciting
news for you there's going to be an
announcement almost all challenged to
upload a my blog channel one of them
after this law it's going to be exciting
so stay tuned to that just saying and
tell them cook cook cook if you like it
subscribe if you like and subscribe
that's why I'm the slob by saying that
there's a few things that could resolve
my period pains literally my period
pains are the worst and the fact that I
went on stage and within three seconds
y'all cured my body I went to this
lawyer the best you guys make me feel
better
he would support me I appreciate you so
so much I do not take you for granted
thank you so much for coming to my shows
I'm having a blast with you BAE
