Harper's for breakfast good morning
we're in building out welcomes morning
at five fluted dizzy from loud robot we
are not here we just landed I can hear
anything I am so tired yesterday not
take a nap not to record a video and it
pains me that I couldn't upload the
video super Wi-Fi was so bad now just
like that nicely cool so that would be
great but I'm gonna try when I get to
also right now uploaded but still
technically Thursday you know it's
really I'm very sex being busy with
mostly sad because it's our last day and
yellow technically tomorrow morning but
my last show today is the mission you
got to go to a hotel
take it up for ask you go to the hotel
bring it upload a video taken out after
that I want to go to a studio my friends
closing studios here and delete my see
if I could stop by there then I gotta
get ready and then as I have meeting
greet and then at the soundtrack - okay
I'm going to go back to the children of
ammon of Hattin next morning or DD % of
all that I enjoy my last flow day all
the beautiful friends India my favorite
places
Billy I write to Julie and Tuffy and
there you are the back oh good that's
the treatment I don't know about the LA
people who the F are you can Empire I
feel me you want to see some of it and
we show you sick
montage now ok letters be safe because
if you fall bowels gonna turn into was
because I have all the listed at bay
pop art scrolls oh no sorry I can't hear
you I'm too busy for my flower growth
see how they made a place dedicated to
your stomach
you look we're playing a full house
Oh
you know I gotta give a huge shout out
somebody man of the hour that is Francis
event special spoiled me so much treated
me so well
friggin the best this guy right look at
so good smile look at him look at his
gut honestly thank you so much faster
you guys are so over the last batch of
the time they're sick they're sick every
time I come out here take care of me
okay you're coming yeah when you order
one in the club
you're literally crazy person
this is the best thing I've ever bought
any other coracii hospital away in
history goes to me aaseesh uncle eben I
am the cornea lock Cavelli can unlock
Cooper robot to keep some sick learn to
make some jars we have some hot couple
comments people are hakufu this is
Indian Chinese food I guess here you
don't see the Indian part which is
Chinese food here I'm so excited to go
house seeing the walruses at the beach
look like quite so regardless of what it
looks like in the last clip I just
didn't get to take a nap I'm dying right
now the waiting for food when you're
matching I know I make this joke every
video but just so that all the time well
diet okay I'm all set I'm wearing my
track will bring up a change at the
venue original iron in my room and I've
also learned so I do certain element of
my makeup when going outside some
certain things will melt I've been all
the non melty things so she's invited
you home to the rest of it mushroom
ourselves on last Erica yes I'm actually
really sad I've been living here and
every time economy right never have
looked to my leisure days next time I'll
be anywhere make sure I have some
leisure did nothing wrong okay I'm
talking so much collaboration that was
not much leisure Dage and also you to
walk the streets awesome street food but
for now we don't want to spend so at
first I hang to my friends store and I
go oh I'm disappearing the Sun oh oh why
not
I'm becoming Pollyanna marshmallow
factoring to the disappearing when
you've had GI Joe half Baltimore and all
my citizen in giving what the day with
his name hmm God dad with some people
are worth melting for when the oven it
working to roast me what one is what's
it has no man babe I'll finish it you
frosty know you all my god never knows
it right give me my 500 back I'm talking
about from frozen Oh hola Rob do you way
to make me look better by Logan Jupiter
rolling man did not realize security
this behind residual three we got off
the car now so my security
it is somebody to take a photo sort of
this right now you will treat me way
more important than action all in
matching outfits corning woman would
look at these sick lives right here so
it's like similar to the jacket or
yesterday and all of that is like the
shirt I wore the silver one I was like
where did you get it in black nor white
and do you they may call Michelle stuff
too I want everything
no really though oh yeah that's fire
fire even be like I love this
that's it oh yeah stick laid this was a
bit mastermind like a head at the house
okay Bishop survives your machines and
signature in the game bad boys bad boys
what you're gonna do what you gonna do
I'm so glad I got to sit that and even
though burning but later sores and I
always like to support she's so sick and
so talented and I almost portable so
that's it was a recessionary a custom
suit is coming in the milk Russia Center
tomorrow tell them instead to send it
back because I miss grand now we're
heading to the venue I got to do all the
melty parts of my makeup change and
we're sounds like a mean green kal
action on Lego the different India just
low as y'all for this mean we're gonna
go more cash more of a yo I'm a mother
in rock star type swag boom boom boom
cash because it's extremely hot and also
an inner glow is extremely hot mostly if
not as not because I'm an article
operated around school is the venue for
dilly that is very funky in a good time
don't do it like about surprise number
three fans I was clapping for the main
groups Billy analytics it so much oh my
calories you know what I get nervous as
a maggot I've got nervous
ah
300 people and somehow I scratched my
arm he has a movie he just doesn't like
a bother
Clemmy laughing we're gonna end this
with a mother and a bank gonna be less
my biggest show that's they're happy
about show number 18 let's do a Betty
one
when almost out of it
first of all a great guy ten seconds and
I tried to warrior it and then twenty
McAnally I'm sorry not to see you for
know if anyone sweating buckets the boob
sweat get real and feed Billy this I
make her close her eyes
I mean she'll like it is there any
discussing option over there I want you
to guess who mango I love them okay so
yeah yeah the trust exercise it is Kyle
okay that's mine yes I'll do it myself
well Thomas huh close your eyes
when you goddamn wake you it wants to be
unemployed yeah and the golden ticket
winner some did Leon
when it's last cause of a face I also
just sit under the gears and I would
jump during it even when Mama's feeling
real good you have to be so good it
makes me go
oh man tonight's meal a little nice it's
going to be a mission to get up walk up
to it but I'm going to do it and also
I'm not washing my face I don't care
let's see how we did
super successful day it happened release
the video again I don't know what date
is I don't know if that was yesterday
anymore but you all sick that's what
something to it I'll fall asleep
whatever comes first oh jesus take the
wheel
toilet chocolate Lily very blurry blurry
blueberry very focus thank you for
joining me on today yo another reminder
that not hungry men come I'm sorry but
every show after that you can get those
limited quantity sign posters at my show
if you want to get those so I want to
let people know quick show other people
like I don't know I don't know well
maybe post about this a little bit more
but here is little addition sign
poachers I'm a show thank you so much
I'm so sad to be leaving India in just a
few hours if like oh my god
Wow dark we are flying 20 hours to
Calgary tomorrow whichever size about I
love tells me alone Vancouver's wealth
embrace actually India but absolutely
I'll be back soon so India you are
awesome thank you so much you were so
warm and welcoming and supportive and
you have a special special
I think up special place in my heart
Intel Calgary which by the way I
probably will not vlog of 20 hours on
planes put my elbows been special for
you know it if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
although yo watch it on main channel
videos link is right there last on right
there oh sure my main channel because
some love extensity black airports I was
really hard on it and it was difficult
to shoot in terms of like well on tour
and the Wi-Fi and the things we did to
upload this video though mission and a
half all the hot spots are show some
love nah hey
