Wolfe's we're in Austin good afternoon
we just saw a plane and we are now in
Austin Texas and always anything what is
Fuddruckers because first time at
Fuddruckers in texas and now my body is
just like my best friend's not gonna get
nightmare again man I remember we got
our boxes that were opened up by customs
are taped up survived way cheaper high
five
here we go taking the W that was
balanced dude again taking the W and I
tend that as a pun this is a W and also
because we just refined but they didn't
fit an SUV and so we were waiting for a
car because none of this will fit into a
normal car but here's the mission for
today is go to a hotel and I need to
record a rent I know you've heard this
before I've been putting it off that is
my bad I need to go record a wrench then
I'm going to keep some cock defense for
the hookers then I'm going to see if
it's time for nap but it's not as cool
I'm going to get ready I have a meet and
greet today in Austin which I'm very
excited about as I'm going to come home
recently most Ashburn works but aside
from all that my goal is to get as much
things as possible because our call time
for tomorrow when the airport is so
early so the mission is pretty simple
today the ranch has to happen the mean
we have to happen the emails have to
happen quad records a success and that's
what we go and do tell we got all three
area remember the time I was at
WrestleMania for a role for role rings I
then won the Senate and I didn't
remember from that time and happened
doctor doctor as I said that happen
premium grade by just me in the car so
saw my emotional baggage let's go some
things never change making a tripod also
I'm sorta I realize I'm estimating with
outside not every thousand be windy and
my hair done got esta in the wind
and so angioma feels better I'm sorry
baby thank you so much for holding it
down for Selena everyone was like yo
your hair looks like NAS like you know
but I'm going to take it out but it's
gonna look sick with me wavy so
brilliant gonna be a G 2.0 that's was
one let's take it right up okay oh I
love it so tell us all a little crimp
let's do it alright just you guys I got
the six shirt and have like tigers and
stuff on it I'm wearing my blue pants my
brown shoes both of my white blazer over
my jacket we're gonna take it off me
angry because you're all faces get on it
which is for the OTD you know and I got
my post Andrew here I'll go on there we
go
yo what's up quick update if you live in
Toronto or ggf there's also some fixes
so brother what you saying take a
semifinal show are sold out but if
you're planning to buy a book anyways as
you know a book comes the tickets are
Toronto and although the main show sold
out there is still an opportunity to
watch the show at the venue on a screen
it's called sim you crappy new class EMU
class and you can get them at TIFF net
so you can sort of tickets you'll get
the book anyways and then you can see my
show on the screen in the venue it's not
interested lips it will be in the
description for you do it when the
letters are being used at even assigning
your name is Native artists and as
sanitizers Twizzlers nibs yeah that's in
your name so we are a little bit away
from the meet-and-greet and the signing
they sold out a ticket so we ordered
more they or more they're more about
through the very obvious elegance I
don't like pork so this is going to be
the rest of my life
good no Lebar on my mouth no one told me
monumental moment history in the making
are you ready look who I am with the
wonderful Olivia we would like to meet
each other for 84 years and finally this
happened and I'm so thrilled because she
lives in Austin I not know that I came
to see me and I'm feeling jealous about
this cute there this is with a fan and
went over a hundred sneakers get on our
level just saying I don't have a
wonderful time is supposed to have a
meeting an hour inside BFS I'm not I'm
not a diva having you come to me it just
ran out like oh no no I would more than
happy we coming towards you because
you're what I believe in being and I can
do that for you you see oh we just had a
good discussion about her dog how
obsessed she is them and
I'm that dog mom except by baby hangers
or this you did not buy baby clothes
that is gold
Razak dogs goals I don't know what's
gold I don't even have hangers well Mike
I love it I just realized I'm soul mates
with Lea because if you know everyone on
my team has a key that says create and
literally walk through with a key that
Bennett creation I didn't even realize
yeah oh my god that is so amazing as the
exact key that I buy people it's so
crazy Hall mates great minds I'm telling
great minds
this can delicious I have a new rival
what about like a fashion favorite oh my
god I'm a woman no curbs don't know
multi-ball coordinates are you just you
better got it
no sure that you learn yeah yeah you're
doing anything down in one more yeah
there I said eat it you're good okay
and we just met 400 people that's a fine
100 people yet is still pretty looks
pretty gone point so myself good thing
right
I'll get off the phone gorgeous eyes
shoving a gorgeous eyes so besides gold
yeah open doors I'll Israel yeah yeah oh
yeah get it update to the mission we're
gonna try to make it to a squadron
zipper closes how much time do we have a
time now and a half but it's so far away
if I don't get a phone records mm-hmm
choke on popcorn but I'm trying to feel
like I'm not when you just eaten a damn
appetizer before you feel your stomach
working fervour met they were waiting
Kaufman take off the spot when I get my
penny right no foie gras card yes my
young just getting out of the black card
the butter I'm good got my credit cards
all the pics real and we scale up our
table or else up getting those
I see families in excuse me ma'am you
haven't paid for your meal yet what's
cookin good-lookin I really like the
shirt a lot I've got a little I have to
say where every morning every night I
feel sick by subjugating of tour I think
it's like I meet so many people so
there's like a lot of just like people
around me in case there's a guy my guy
ii watching is also just like the sleep
times when i every night my throat hurts
every morning with doors let's order
some hot water honey and ginger I'm
trying to make us a little tease it's
quite early so right now it is 10:17 we
are called thymus exam so I'm going to
drink some tea while watching that
episode of The Walking Dead and I missed
we can freely with Bob Andrew go
straight to sleep we get at least young
six seven hours of sleep I also want to
my email clarity is also killing the
mother effing Gabe you let's change god
bless him see up because of why my soul
slowly hotels I can never download the
episode like yo we want to watch The
Walking Dead call or rather the walking
read do did you did you did you did you
did you did you did you
dudududududududud okay my face mask on
onesie god damn it damn absolutely
walking there was little my few of my
throat is hurting god damn it I'm not
gonna get ever go to the toilet is that
okay I'm sorry you two fucks you know
what goddamn I'll just do it just gonna
go ahead and give myself an extra
thousand points for that thank you
top men a I took out for a second
because I thought was in my last don't
tell me when to washing change let's see
how we did today
absolutely new video call us when you're
bad at confrontation so I main channel
you haven't seen yet here's a little
shot of espresso checking out my name
sound link is in the description I'm
gonna go to bed I give super like five
ish hours less life here we go until
tomorrow
look if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe also you don't know
this in your like you oh you're
brand-new and like with winter I'm on
tour dock port port tomorrow just cover
when you watch us right now today in
Chicago I'm almost on the North American
leg Metro are not really I see Elsa died
trying to outside without Mike Hoover in
ears LA and stuff but if you wanted to
go to listen to talks on Szechwan
by E
