when no amount of sleep is enough good
morning diamonds 10:15 a.m. I'm still so
tired I got like eight hours of scream
of select not enough anymore anymore
here's what we got to do today today's
mission is kind of Awesome actually
first and jury's coming over to braid my
hair because I was like girl you know
how to braid hair I might as well give
lesson up for Angie Bay right here and
set up some stranger because she
supports you so much Michael spend time
with her I enjoyed that after that most
effected mouth knock a lot I do have a
record around today I did not do that
yesterday I know I keep saying things
about doing them I work on that going to
Wrestlemania I went to give a book to
Stephanie and a bunch of other wrestlers
when I enjoyed the a part of myself my
one day off we got to make account aside
from that when I come back we got to
build a box
no questions asked first I need some
chapstick also we're not mine waking up
to this every day
- scaffolding that's happening right
here but other than that beautiful god
damn no default ever rule you don't wear
like friends I wasn't looking at it to
give me a braid up and are you told her
with janky it's okay we're gonna be on
in the middle thank you guys one spend
time with her wonderful sisters as well
and she told me something amazing Gokula
Dennis to come cuddle with me she told
me something amazing she said that she
talked to seem super somewhat
teamsuperman everyday they face
something like friends I don't know what
she didn't feel like best friends that
they've never met I know it's crazy
Machado wasn't Carin Chea super Miami
flora my little thing we're not team
super Russia what about anybody else so
enjoy now is care now I know is her name
I'm gonna FaceTime her and see you guys
there I won't have support of y'all her
I love it so much is she gonna forego
your attitude okay yeah I see why okay
hi baby how are you what is this you're
gonna steal it it gorgeous don't
overload I don't got no jaw are you a
fan I'm sorry I woke you up I'll talk
you to all feeling I love this breakfast
has arrived when I breakfast with Andrea
I'm gonna steal your pancakes I'm gonna
sue your pancakes Michelle's mom yeah
but I just want whoever is gonna bring
their loved ones to braid their hair who
may or may not be serial killers we're
going to take the risk
- give me a braid out papi Styles oh my
goodness how did you sign them for me
I'm a hire you pop you hear that and
you're coming for you forget about me
and Andrew meeting because right now
lollies and I are meeting right up
blondie and edgy ship this right here
Anjali's whoa that was like my favorite
thing ever and you killed it she killed
a bear she just for going into - I was
just so nervous but she did such a good
job that was so pleasant for me because
I want to get my hair braided and I was
like well let me ask Angie because of
course I got on someone else to braid my
hair like a hairstyles something real I
want to spend time with the people that
support me and she's been supporting
them for years to watch my videos for
years Mike I'm just like two hours of
someone I mean let it be someone like
that and she's lovely and wonderful and
hilarious and beautiful and that was so
I can rejuvenate for respite or it's not
spending time with her so that was great
I like my hair makeup not not my hair
just my makeup now because we're gonna
head to Wrestlemania soon yo you ready
set right now for summary new yo yo girl
all right I'm ready to go naturally
mature Angie got me feminist am I gonna
be sick you know Wrestlemania most
female audience kind of conservative was
like yourself in a place at yo feminist
a F this is the vibe that's what I'm
going for
kind of cash I don't really have that
many casual clothes with me because I
mostly have all blaze and stuff for my
balls tour by doctors my pants are super
funky that was like drop crotch items
you see it's like this flappy thing and
then I got my team's so just of almost
up into place like y'all WrestleMania
what good where we going - gonna wrestle
me I just I found the fourth this recipe
has gone to my life I'm very grateful
and blessed to say that master
whoo - WrestleMania is here I hear
compliments of the W Hagins Oh
backstitch UNICEF retain your old really
what a big deal this is it's like I went
to Wrestlemania back to the day when it
was the wrong person Hogan like I am
dying inside I'm trying to play it cool
but straight up this means a lot to you
that the judge reviews that come to
Wrestlemania sit front row chill with us
be our guest
I'm dead like I get when you didn't know
the stadium was outside into our sweater
and it's 1 million degrees
oops startups is walking backstage
amongst all of the wrestlers all of the
WC the charges is to the right and left
of me right now
what are you doing Lily without my wife
and my fortune every square concur Jesus
casually auto repair
and that some cake when you on that tour
diet life mama made it
what supplement of the ice assessing
your copy of Araby about being lost my
baby's here Oh baby we got you know we
back in act out here
Simone and young Andrews Kwame
all right
thank you
there's not one but two boxes three
boxes throughout in my write down boss
right there ten-year-old is on the floor
collapse this is an hologram a female
that is here they're going to rock it
I'm so excited let's say my life was I'm
gonna freak out later but now we're not
cool
I also just point out like out of all
these I do we have any mega funds not
fair is really hot here my hair you love
you great not my real hair though either
but it's very funky and I'm all red and
I'm going to fight no like oh my gosh
you look great you look
my baby my bootleg mustard is always a
little to change my shirt for when she
comes out and lose my mind
right I cannot wait I'll be right there
front and center cheering Wow losing my
mind for you girl like man you look
actual goalie up soft and I hey okay
girl hey you know that that subtle promo
in the ring with three other girls
tonight we're going to love rooting for
you when I was younger every wrestler I
waited outwards and outwards hours for
me I have bumped into and spoken to
everything my best goddamn life right
now I don't what to tell you about an
actual right now some Sergey happen on
Lebanon what for we got this is so
important especially I have died like
that away and that kind of killed me
kill me now kill me I'm not into someone
elemental experiment I'm overjoyed I'm
going up to my hair right now okay it's
not as short of doors while a nice
little miracle gosh score my ears the
babe with a big wow that's a lot of
people okay arteries are behind the
announcers my son crawl with me
we are you sort of a member of insane
what is on that but I'm better in six
members I was in front of it
protector of WWE holy crap hi I'm
applying on the prize I guess they cool
physical my domestic duties are cynics
yeah
sufficient in the bump to develop a
right here fire weather is their topics
conversation mattresses will examine see
from the air of course with them
everyone know once again sending us
there no one has been a movement that
it's leaving quality so just everybody
you and me Jimmy Fallon is sitting this
stuff down there I was a semester ever
look where we're sitting actually
reverse it
Oh
Oh
you
you use everything is good because that
I put in a Fiat I'm really a little bit
loopy and I can ask you anything on work
and you give me an honest answer you
would remember
Oh
yes hunty yes
you
well yeah right now and when you're not
empiric you what you're carrying right
here well fun fact if you have positive
estimated shift to my house for the
moment ago I have so many things to tell
you and so many emotions running through
my body right now but I can't do any of
them go to build a box but I'm so damn
tired we're gonna build a box
most because we have no choice when
you're not blessed like because you just
build this box right here and you just
build another one over there when you
bless I will do a technician and a
mechanic and a contractor all in one
yeah we combined from three boxes to two
and they're both significantly smaller
than these things yeah
- oh that done let me just talk about
and tell you express to you how
Wrestlemania made me feel I was very
good first of all Stephanie McMahon I
adore her she's at a ball and I met so
many new wrestlers and I also just like
as a kid who was obsessed with and
sitting front row next was Jimmy Fallon
NSYNC like kidding me right now and they
treated me so well WB was so hospitable
it was amazing The Undertaker's last
match I got to witness and realize as
well which is so cool and it was like so
many even of the newer restaurants came
up to me like hey big fan beside know
like your fan meet at our own screen
shout out like it was literally a dream
come true where the best days of my life
I'm so happy oh it's so wonderful I
can't believe that happened
I can't visually happen hey so happy
but now we need to sleep let's go the
toilet so let's see how we do today turn
into my man
oh well this month it will be within II
say McDreamy and today I am flying to
Austin in a few hours after waiting for
like five hours I'm going to do that as
much as I can and the day office over in
tour continues and boss books shall
carry on toss around
cuckoo if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe your if you are gonna
airline who see me be nice and just let
the slide is a piece of luggage yeah I
mean diegetic sighs not that big it's
like wife you saying crazy sex
you can't just judge a suitcase by size
Sookie's determine all shapes and sizes
whistles accept all suitcases the way
they are so you let Lester don't judge
make sure key way
