laughs morning good morning the time is
8:45 a.m. last night I died and I
resurrected this movie last I was wrong
I didn't and my blog I was so tired at
pasture cows like and you alive I'm like
no but I woke up at 3:30 a.m. of course
comes out like I do I just like is
killing me this trip it usually doesn't
but I am about to do BBC morning juice a
mission today where's my hair man go get
my hair braider given makeup to do the
interview then we're going to Birmingham
it's a two-hour drive nap when that body
that dropped I'd have a show and I'm
meeting greet then I don't know after
maybe a massage maybe we'll ask me the
emails the world of my oyster aside from
all of that I to go put all of this
let's like see fix all of this and blow
up it's real missing new human being I
am getting rid of it absolutely want to
be a better human being scratched
welcome to another episode of extreme
Shambu makeover paint that bright up
though I really call that we don't mean
okay couple ship us just so y'all know
what I go through from my own to you
interest I got minimum 20 minute
extravaganza that goes down because I
have to teach Carl try to take a picture
an outfit and I'm looking at the job
like hello I would like shampoos like
damn she was not joy combustion typical
let me show you some BTS of an OOTD here
we go you directing the Zeppelin here's
what I do you know make my job cut out
focus okay I wanted not imposing like
candles and roses up in the distance was
often it isn't lower you face a quarter
inch it actually kind of does duty it
yeah oh you so much Sena meeting you
thank you my father and he was making
sure my thang socialism office you're
not gonna let her watch it to the split
right here where the stake on this lit
right here me show you some the whole
thing I do
Holly if you BBC it shout out to be busy
mode when they spell your name wrong
mood when they spell your name right my
channel sciences BBC and there's people
waiting usually people have like a child
no they're going to sell them I know
this is the thing no one prisoners I
didn't get to choose and I'm pretty sure
it was a seller so they started up which
is we'll just sign something because I'd
like to get ourselves like you doing on
with whatever it was that I think the
thought of personally I don't think he
will defend right now they can't no I
don't think so because I think you just
wanted to sell something rental sold if
you are bad so sorry now that I'm
thinking about it I feel so bad I'm so
sorry I'm confident you were not so and
you just wanted to sell it because
you're whatever it also is in same thing
but just in case I'm sorry and you're
watching this I want to eat my eggs in
taken at Twitter Witch of the West
haha when you little white Riding Hood
when you eat you in the hood it seems
like you'll phone home you bow important
in aggregate I can't even say it or give
you what you came in speaking this when
you pose in for Jack to paint cheese but
you're single a.m. this morning
well where's my vlog charger because I
think you didn't pack it when we left
the venue's I'm pretty sure was in the
pink of charging things agent Antoine
I'm fairly certain I thought as I passed
the pink truck I packed the printer kit
where did you pack the paint charger if
it's right here where did you pack it
could you set it to the blue suitcase
and I knew I was just patiently waiting
but angle say nothing we've gone wait
until we get to charger back because I
know
hunty I know you did not pack the big
charger in stick service the point is I
knew this morning and you who would
never admitted until I got in front of
me so now that's hearsay I just ate I am
always right you are a hot mess and I
knew you'd in fact the pink thing I knew
it I knew it show everyone the big dick
yeah hot mess
alright let's go to Birmingham
got here everything is happening so fast
and we woke up or not people are already
in their seat and I'm like I haven't
changed since I make up and like wake up
a little bit like how are people indices
we need any more time what until the
news godness this show when you have to
walk through the whole crowd on the
floor even five to get to your green
room I just locks to the whole audience
like this and no one saw because I hurt
my head
so a few difficulties were here I've
changed is not the shoot I'm supposed to
Roosevelt but it's okay because I have
to get ready so quickly in a rush
situation but I'm excited when you're
burning I'm not Birmingham but burning
them I love like some show number 14 I
like saying you're ready warming up can
be sick Michael I these daytime shows
are challenging because like I'm a
nighttime person but we're gonna do it
we're gonna make it happen we're making
popping about how are you Rick
why why why
hey we're off to a great start wait
nothing about me enough about me that's
on me again I was about to express our
white house impending wasting
unnecessary calories sit down well
newsflash
a few days from now you will feel less
inspired and that's okay because you're
human and you forget things in you get
used to things so you need to
proactively plan ways to feel inspired I
want you to imagine yourself wearing a
really sexy outfit I have fantastic news
you just learned how to make heads turn
correct you are one to be the biggest
Wow ever vomited up right now mom :
steph/andrea there's so much fun so much
fun how much people know people that do
it everyone's lining up for their
meeting greet with Fiona from Shrek
Fiona from Shrek meet-and-greet that
ogre
sleepy bye okay we take an audience with
it I really actually like them burn and
have you got my heart and stone
Birmingham all right good
John Donne needs more massages crucial
I'm turning into a tester and
disappearing Amazon might need for
massages so so crucial I said puking and
you food all the things are happening
right now but the audience was so much
fun I had a really good time actually
they were so fun and supportive those
really cool now we are on our two-hour
trek to London there's a lot today's a
lot today the hot I was in left oh three
hours and write the Nasir populace
disoriented and I would read on my boy
not to say our anyway go back to it I
know what's about to go down so many
M&Ms if that cat will make the next
eight mile movie I know what you're
thinking how is this London but I
thought the Sun this is me we're in
London motel room brought the sunshine
we have massages lined up right now
simple things I know the you think I
sound like a moron saying this but
simple things really take a toll on my
body tour tour one of them was that to
lose a quarter in mic today and moving
the cord for an hour really hard my own
that obviously sorry Mike average but
the point I try to make is that
everything taking a toll on my body so
hugging all that stuff I'm not going
stop position meaning you take care of
myself so that was a huge set with the
same wearing shorts the marrying a suit
wearing a massage right now and then for
the rest of the evening I'm going to
catch up on work with a blessed
environments v I catch one work fit on
myself
billon muscle hmm come through soon
sided 91 massages where's my Jocelyn
like a life work my booty to a fellow
real make literally my last video
awesome so I thought everything happened
from the videos I could go into pootie
go pootie felt kinda like that no more
some food now every day I got to repack
my suitcases because like go to the
venue in my ish gets all messed up and
we repack my suitcases again iron
tomorrow's outfit because this morning I
was all the stress that's like iron pack
and do burn things I'm like let me be
proactive and not complain but problem
solve but I was gonna happen right now
like all right I'm almost done we
packing my suitcases I'm making a
commitment to myself this second leg of
the tour a k UK and Indian Canada like I
feel like I'm a little less prepared in
terms of like the first part of to are
my suitcases was on point the whole time
knew exactly what was where I had a
routine a new one to vlog it was
way more routine this kind of I got
thrown awesome committing from today
step more routine with sleeping and with
eating the jetlag really was unexpected
I don't know but you must eating like I
get intense cramps because I haven't
eaten in so long cause I don't have a
schedule or pattern so I'm committing
from this day on to have more of a
pattern because I could have just went
to sleep right now but I'm not going to
because I'm not going to wake up again
at 2:00 a.m. so our did some food
go eat they're tracking we'll do some
work much trying to also watch one
episode of 13 reasons why because I
heard bomb and you know I got support
cell so that's his class lacking the
seat hi I finished engines took a poop
I'm very happy with the poop because I'm
like yes body regulate let go of the
ways I'm a drink whole bottle of water
like toxins release dough oh now I'm
going to learn that right some email I
can earn some bonus points today I have
known many bonus points stand by
and we always tell them a starburst was
really old um doesn't come up properly
looks truck to the can you have like I
don't discuss expiration date 711 all
right it is almost my bedtime it just
occurred to me right now that tomorrow I
have my London show after that I'm with
the airport I'm flying to India just
occurred to me right now speaking of
which let's learn five random things
about Hyderabad and I can't say how
about those things like I can't say
Hyderabad I have to say Hyderabad number
one Brioni was invented in Hazzard well
that's right Brioni come through on
there boss number two then I'm only try
this right there emoji film tendr√°n
because it is the biggest film studio
complex in the world spending over two
thousand acres in the world film studio
number three Hyderabad has one of the
oldest rock formations on the planet
it's estimated to be twenty five hundred
million years old
like how my body feels after I'm eating
green number four there's a snow park
named snow world and Hyderabad one of
the biggest in the world it is over
eight thousand square meters snow world
in India I might actually consider
getting cold number five one of the
world's biggest and most popular IMAX
theaters is in Hyderabad in fact it will
have the most attendance for movies like
spider-man and Harry Potter
most amount of people watch those movies
in that theater bonus number six I am
coming to Hyderabad for tour in just a
few days tickets are at releasing both
calm slash tour you know you should come
because I don't have the biggest IMAX
theatres but I have the biggest heart
and when I teach you had a gearbox also
that servers are you
not anymore could you just learn five
new thing boom alright let's see how we
did today
pretty good day so to rub the record of
14,000 points for one day we will as for
now good then I'll take a moment
actually to say I don't have an antenna
blog or maybe they have I don't know
thank you so much for all the kind gives
you all the AMIA me with that simple
spoils and even like all of you that
work with me they like you in friends
the best with the best thank you so so
much
very very sweet of you the time and
after you take to write letters and draw
pictures and stuff I really really do
appreciate it imma bring stuff back to
my house that's very very cool I'm
excited for tomorrow is my lesson show
and I'm flying to India and we still
can't wrap my head around the thing
that's happening and what we want this
India my jet lag will actually fix
because it's easier when you're
completely opposite you know we can
completely super schedule but just like
three quarters situation is around not
rated button tell them if you like it
subscribe did you like it subscribe ah
ye yo remember I don't put my talk oh
it's so good that Pope went it was so
good you know you feel like you like 10
pounds of a book that's why I feel she's
like oh come through digestive system
doesn't book you need to get ready for
that in India not because anything's
wrong India but because I'm weak
