it's a six-pack in her hand a girl about
to hit the ocean right now
what's up lolly good morning to you
super can you believe this is the last
morning work okay can you believe this
is the last morning we're gonna get to
wake up to this I'm so sad our last day
to turn out in Tobago but probably for
the best is we to go back in some
goddamn work done today the mission of
symbols you boy I got a boat but have
mad boat lives I'm not even gonna say
anything productive and lie the
scripting is no longer factors wobb wobb
wobb wobb wobb my inbox is pretty legit
the Wi-Fi here is horrible so I'm gonna
just enjoy today and the day after
tomorrow when I land back in LA I'll go
harder than I've ever gone before
because the hustle is getting
rejuvenated right now it's a six pack in
her hand a girl about to hit the ocean
right now
careful
if you're like
Oh
yeah
every day
life
i resolutely potty done now we're back
here but our friends might come over
well i dad please smells like buttholes
their fault but Oh Edna me chat for a
while we thought it's beautiful
screen printed velvet freakin look at me
and be jealous bad be jealous bad thank
you so much free good made with 100%
pure love ya know me so well
the basically humble letter terminus and
the other dress I gotta pants we're
starting a bad guy fighting him back
Taylor's very impressive his dad shaking
him just tell us what happened since you
used to message me all the time on
Instagram
not believing my monopoly deals dad let
everybody know this is not a paid actor
yes we started with defining the new
rules yes because everyone has screwed
over Murray go on Gabe we see you
there's no law never forget hashtag
never forget and we moved on and I won
the first game yes took it nice and easy
then we introduced a timer because
humble started taking a lot so why did
we introduce the time again weary wait
can we rewind and replay because humble
started taking a lot so I just feel that
I'm always taking a really long time we
introduced a timer when we introduced
the timer game started y-yeah I'm Lily
Lily Lily took the next two games the
constant attack in the end down this
number well we're talking we're talking
20 this a witness we don't interrupt
based on this group configuration Lily
you've only won two and I won what so we
gotta continue and I wish I respect I
respect you as a player I respect you as
a player and I'd be happy to play you
anytime and you have good fashion
yeah witnesses witness witness between
the two yellow relax yourself you can't
win the right way finally man today
here's the you know how I like to do
motivational things lecture playing
through the talking not you're both
that's somewhat in this segment right
here to one Jake I'll give you a rematch
any day fact we're ready humble you have
any for closing with it won't make the
blogger but it it good news is you had
the truth bad news is our last night in
Trinidad how was your trip Taylor your
first carnival how was it
now it's awesome I'm gonna be humble
sandy I honestly had a goddamn amazing
time like I'm not even like I had a
goddamn wonderful amazing time a lot of
alcohol is consumed we do go clinton's
we need to cleanse here we're gonna go
to Panama on the way home tomorrow but
we're gonna say goodbye say goodbye say
goodbye and goodbye let's see how we did
today one last time
whining take the top whining whining
you
