we go make this mother some work good
morning caller why what's happening we
are in Manchester I got very little
features what happened I was transferred
some stuff to my team so Wi-Fi was so
bad in the hotel so actually to set an
alarm for every hour of my sleep to wake
up and check up on it and make sure it
wasn't frozen or stopped transferring so
I didn't sleep I just took a series of
naps really I'm really super tired the
weather outside of course being in UK so
gloomy and rainy which really impact my
mood and just how I feel it was like
struggling but we are here whatever man
just to show HT why Manchester's my best
show the venue's a little bit different
in terms of like the way it's laid out
there's a lot of obstacles today but
here is the mission I don't have my hair
braided so great my hair done this is
not gonna look like this by the end of
the show where do the Manchester show we
have the biggest meet-and-greet yet
today 750 people we met and Greg after
that and I took my blue to do this TV
where the Sikh stadium by the way and
then I have an interview called with an
hour long and then it's supposed to be
asked super when live but as I mentioned
about the Wi-Fi you know my number one
pet peeve is when asked to go in life
doesn't go well and so I might not do it
look aside from all that so you get
together and all the weather affect me
because right now I'm like but this is a
vibe my silver shoes got this cute shirt
I you just fixed myself cuz I'm soaring
just a little bit right now not having
my hair braided major major red flag but
we're gonna make it happen
gonna be excited this is gonna be good
all right soku-kun and man check this
will be sick my first date I'm shovel
Angie full let's do it
ah
all the time oh oh yeah and the golden
ticket winner from munch asked aha so
British and polite and quiet
seriously just the most British
50 people I would be lying if I said I
wasn't so goddamn high hurts right now
my legs are ruff ruff what are they you
know how second the stadium is pretty
dope I've had a full fledge photos from
here I'm trying to teach Kyle how to
take proper pictures of me because
literally I can you could realize you'd
be like that's a really really famous
stadium Manchester United United a lot
of you are not renters no like
passionate about their soccer order what
do they call football and so a lot of
you might not like it was meant as you
ride a burger
all right my CdeBaca no goddamn car and
mouse koalas telling me have for
interviews also when I new Twitter
created by team super what ladies
nipples cut me it's cold out here
Manchester you let us say I love you
guys whoever be such good and I'm really
firing up Evans would power to have
interest responses give you the
blessings also nothing peep cell type
and it was very healthy role involved
especially in terms of my career so
Hollywood is also very greatly
oh are you on the pillow or are you here
die of starvation surely the time they
leasing passed away just connected it to
chunky Kay
quite oh no more availability we will
you tomorrow morn unfortunately okay
thank you
right Neil for one how are those fries
though yeah when we've lost our damn
minds
yeah when you're trying to do yoga which
you too lazy to complete the pose when
you were half cooked noodle when you're
a white person you get sunburned you
match the chair when you don't go to a
private school what
wear the same uniform every day ruled
when you have socks have a check mark on
them but you never click complete your
to-do list when he's about to get fired
and become homeless so you want a key to
your house around your neck and that's
how we can today's blog thank you for
joining us on a probably definitely MD
blog but there will be more roasting of
Lily tomorrow so you have that to look
forward to for now I do yeah we did
yeah when I came in I can't even get up
again and give my charger I hate when
you went wrong
