jesus take the wheel take the wheel good
morning I woke up at 6:30 that's three
hours of sleep with the third day I
don't know I'm functioning how I'm
living wasn't the last day that happened
spamming it so much good sleep today is
show day des pays-bas babe
and showing every bus is officially
elderly people have to get it in his
little worldwide in bookstores I'm
pretty sure if that's wrong then I'm
sorry but I'm pretty sure it's bookstore
for the worldwide there's no plan to
change come here make a good done
probably going to go to good day good
day New York that's happening right now
and then I went on a photo shoot
sandwich time invested one hour not good
yesterday I did and it was blessed
mother effing life after that I'm doing
a talk show after that I'm doing two
talent after that I have my first show
on my door stop the sighs Mel's out the
goal is to not fall and to be present
and enjoy this but we have 20 minutes
until the driver stops oh look mother
have a night goodbye so that everybody
is sitting really in demeanor
oh just been a good idea when I want to
vlog in there but it went well so
interesting to have questions but
hopefully I made everyone proud noise
fun 117 people you waiting for you
offset to be like you were either
horrible or great no pressure everyone's
relying on you everyone's here because
we need you to do well no pressure but I
think I'm okay yeah she did great there
there were tough questions but you just
excellent job promise
oh I would tell you I got on the camera
but no yeah
alright the finished photo shooter not
into you and if it's early no ethical
and not single one hour never a one and
a half two hours I want to thank every
person here I thank God for thank my mom
I want to thank just my makeup artist
here so I can fix up my ish after I f it
up I'm just so over the moon right now a
one hour glorious nap before my Twitter
Q&A
Felicia ba ba here we go this is a
vivacious I can wear the same jacket I
will have one but it just stops in the
advance and the heels I'm just going to
here and show them she's sick so during
my pre-interview I told them how to play
wrong la Li da I was like yeah people
she's so pretty like la loi or they just
that's it right that's it good luck
goals goals we're going to go do the
stank never been on this show and I met
Harry I'm excited and nervous at the
same time we're going to go bounce most
guys hey guys what's up spike again back
at it in action taking over the vlog
today we are at here
right now happen to your energy so when
you're logging a good energy you sound
like you hate your life you know it's
harder than it looks you guys I think
that every day if I keep doing it it's
like practice makes perfect so if I keep
doing and I'm going to get better and
better
personally you don't have that type of
platform anyways um thank you to my
facility we're out of here as one of the
more dynamic Bogota somebody Canadians a
lot of really played has become a
worldwide internet sensation Lily it's
not only an entertainer and comedian but
she's also an entrepreneur releasing her
own signature lipstick and made you book
how to be a boss
a guide to conquering life with global
stardom and an expanding Empire digital
creator anywhere ok we are done with
hair so now we're going to Jimmy Fallon
my homeboy I would change outfits and do
the hair and makeup thing all over again
and put on a different pair of Spanx all
in a day's work good
look at this up Edward now we are I am
ready
this is fashion apparently I love it
when we do four chosen us locus-specific
that effortless fashion I'm like my
mom's gonna friggin beat me and be like
why didn't you comb your hair to go on
balance but I think everyone out do my
thing is like a 70 Pony vibe this is my
shirt it's very cool the shirt and it
drapes around and I'm wearing pants and
some heels the vibe I like it I do like
a lot I'm always nervous before I go on
The Tonight Show I don't know what it is
I'm always nervous because I clog them
so much and it's like the book came
ocean just this is been a tough day can
I just say three massive TV interviews
and I'm so nervous bows and ransoms have
a show my first show after show I have a
500-person a very sounds like okay trick
is a little bit challenging but here we
already pollution shows number one New
York see 90 second watch sold-out crowd
show one here we go but first actually
would offer it Jimmy Fallon let's keep
looking ribbons oh yeah now we're going
to read a category from these cards here
and then we're out to you three and then
both there's something you got category
at the same time and when we say the
same thing it's a jinx planets three two
one Jupiter superheroes three two one
Wonder Woman what when you change your
hair again and now we're in the menu
yeah it's gonna be great it's gonna be
great
I'm gonna see how long this your
bicenthium I can memorize it yeah try
our best
here we go along we just heard screams
and we learn it because someone found
the first golden ticket one of ten I'm
so exciting gonna spit when we get to
beam with me it's gonna be amazing
all right countdown second last song
this is a vibe got my America Pascal I'm
starting in America feeling good I'm
feeling pumped I know the show pretty
well do I believe I'm right no but yo
I'm going to be myself I'm enjoying
myself I'm gonna embrace every single
moment of this show mother everyone and
YC agency why I never got to do here I'm
starting with you the star with a bang
yeah
what time is it
they're not a person when I go through
my first job the door Oh close okay look
at my phone call good I just wish my
pre-show oh it was really love they were
really kind of phasing on Facebook like
I was really nervous to photo show and
it went so well way better than I
thought it was gonna go on you know why
because the audience was so supportive
we kept cheering they're so engaged they
were just so wonderful and encouraged me
so much key point to the show and
confidently deliver everything I just
I'm so lucky
I mean it's so scary to stand on a stage
and talk you're all so supportive thank
you so much as an amazing first show I'm
so happy to mine or tweak things make
here and there are things I'm notes of
like what part three longer shorter
burns so good for a pressure so so good
I genuinely hope you felt the same with
your at the New York show come on let me
know what you thought honestly that me
no don't just give me that beer so yeah
I love you actually let me know how many
with me to call the ticket winners now
so let's go do that now that I got my
babies back I know what Lily said to you
guys for bringing her out now
ah
I worked vice hello hi alright it's time
to meet and greet 500 people let go I'm
going to introduce you to someone who
will be traveling on the road with up in
the US here is Cindy is from Random
House blues publisher you'll see her
running around a lot of the blogs
coming up and over there that girl doing
this situation that is Emily and to also
be traveling with Mary how are you Mary
don't tell them look away from yourself
did you like you family amazing
experience in here
really all right now Kyle's got man
there I am on my fan I mean what you got
right now cleanest meeting 500 people
I've got a point this with your friend
out right here
award for ping pong champ or more from
monopoly deal champ you know cos also I
love all of you so many you got me
shampoo because let's probably notice a
be all done become awake example I love
them so much you spoil me why am I so
much thank you hey I'm like let me just
make this a dad party I love them I can
hug them all day long
Jimmy I'm like about it on the wrongs
over there by the way thank you for
coming away from me I feel shy I feel
shy if you're SHINee hello friends this
time is about midnight mole times
elections in Manila it was 1:00 a.m.
goddamn I get to sleep in tomorrow my
sleep and I mean I get to wake up at
9:15 I'm so excited I should go to bed I
should because I'm sleep-deprived but I
don't watch the episode of the walking
dead yet and according to humble it's
the best episode of the year so they
will watch The Walking Dead did I do
deserve a leisure treat and then I'm
gonna go to sleep and I'll still get
like I was only like 7 hours to see more
than 7 hours of sleep so that's what I'm
going to do wash my face took my makeup
off and put a hydrating face mask on
boom and now I'm gonna watch The Walking
Dead I'm so excited it's time for The
Walking Dead
dudududududududududududududududududududu
too much too much when the Wi-Fi so slow
and times are rough it's all good black
the AMC has Wow something actually
happened in that episode The Walking
Dead very good very cool now I'm really
glad I'm tired so I'm gonna go to bed
darling Chuck with Lily let's see how we
did on today what did I accomplish
what's my final score was the mission
completed mission completed we had a
very very productive day we did
everything we said we're going to do and
more even got some adult ik bonuses
today's level has been packed tomorrow
have a photoshoot and then I have the
New Jersey signing as well so we're
going to keep on go bounce book is
officially out you manage of losing comp
or is available in bookstores around the
world thank you so much for making this
day phenomenal in every such way I am so
lucky and so grateful and I adore you
all my heart until tomorrow good if you
like it subscribe
did you like it subscribe also want to
say for all the fans that were at The
Tonight Show when I walked out I wasn't
able to stop and take pictures because I
was rushing to my show I'm so sorry if I
if I don't stop and take pictures the
efforts never be I don't want to I just
sometimes my schedules so back to back
to back I would literally like be late
for my sound checkers show so I
apologize and I appreciate support of
course always well
