and that profit good money is way too
early at 8:30 I woke up at 6 which is my
3 and I keep doing that conversion but
that's the other Specter it is rating
you're in New York as you can see I'm
headed to the Today Show crest Today
Show got my bad my look I'll get up I am
so tired a little bit sick again I think
you just lack of sleep but salgo goober
chunk of the day and my first signing
saying here's what we're going to Jay's
mission of NYC part 1 there's over got
to say we got it go to the Today Show we
have to have a meeting at Random House
and signed a bunch of books again after
that I what is after that lunch after
that for press after that I have a more
privileged with long strips I've ones
which I'm going to use as a nap and I
have three more interviews I have makeup
setups and then I'm heading to my
signing and then I come home and finish
all the way we're going to do precise
from all that the goal is to stay alive
I know I'd say don't just survive
conquer but today I have to go in
survival mode because I'm getting a
little bit sick so survive so I'm able
to conquer tomorrow that's the plan
after happened going to the Today Show
gonna be great just make a tally to our
tally number one - come here John Cena
but guess who's here thank you I'm so
excited
Nikki Bella my baby I get to see her
social and family through a table to
serve
starting off like yourself imagine
we encourage you to chant haven't won 11
million subscribers so I just finished a
cute little skit at the Today Show and
Nicki was also here and : I met John
Cena he's very large
he's very large it was like an awkward
moment cuz you're in interviews like
what was your best moment to career I'm
like meeting the rock so he was like oh
I was like that's right I said in
WrestleMania I would recommend I do not
know this quality told me this I have a
ringside as Quincy's you talk about
reaction I almost cried I think I saw
tears I almost cried I am so excited but
now we are headed to Random House to
sign my book and to me the wonderful
people that made my book a reality let's
go and we'll this elevator though and a
Bollywood movie starring sting sting
sting easy super easy we're gonna get it
done have one hour and tell my makeup
touch-ups which are your nut I even took
my Spanx off because we don't do this
right and no map and now I'm going to go
wow there's lines all over my face women
that nobody told me that yeah I mean I
just looking at me when I'm big I love
that slap side tiger any face now I look
like a different person yeah yeah three
breaks and I finally has these
decorative things in my hair
these are those silver cool things
bought mine followed by my pull outlook
address I'm recording to a third eye
because I keep not press record but it
is a vibe shirt and pan and silver shoes
giving you the light you planned out fit
hey everyone pretends from the third
time in church a fast food everybody
wants fresh food no one wants to wait so
it just taught me that people are hungry
people of the most impatient people ever
and it gave me such a thick skin because
that was time I don't know what I've
been told I heard someone's getting all
through the whole singing to people in
my apron and she was in Arizona
interview right now
to the interviewer no just finish the
interview with Teen Vogue and I had me
with beau basically just talking about
Selena Gomez like a lot of hours just
now everything I love to do and now
we're hanging to one more interview and
then I think to my side a is so excited
oh my god were an elevator so so the
enemy deposit wait there's two people an
elevator do anything about all the three
four people on I love it
it's a full fledge and I made up a
clarity put it up the basicness that is
going into this photo shoot right now
can we do that pose again Lily
hashtag OOTD we're here at Barnes and
Nobles and I'm in my green room I heard
shrieks I wasn't like I hear people
yelling Kyle good cause walking outside
to go to a Whole Foods right on to try
go crap on a bigger Drive diode drop
there's a good reason for Kyle's talents
are probably being bombarded right now
oh okay
so we're behind the scenes here at
Barnes & Noble lilies resting and she is
tasked me with going out hype up the
crowd it's like my least favorite thing
to do and also everyone is so so excited
so we're gonna we're gonna hike up the
crowd
alright I'm about to step out and start
my first meeting green I would say
Highland do this
I'm so excited although this is 400
people which is my 82 I'm in groups of
two hundred each these may increase
especially North America will be massive
and UK they're going to be the biggest
ones I have many many more people I'm so
excited me everyone but I also have to
like remember that it's so tiring and
mentally exhausting so I'm trying to get
into my zone right now thinking it's not
about the number of federal meeting for
the peoples is not a number of games
about meeting individual people's not
about meeting one two degrees but
meeting Ashley Veronica and frisbee
that's what it's about you know what I
mean I want to spend a moment with you
really appreciate you be completely
present that's what I want to do okay
what anything else you can put your
president meeting you because I owe this
all to you I'm gonna give you all
manners you run our first meeting greet
me break number one
let's go me some people love you
that was crazy now we're oh sorry I'm
also here yeah hello but back to me hey
Lily how do you feel that I'm a
microphone where in the world is twofold
waistline is cold and ethnocide who have
to pop you mind your back I'm so nice to
meet every single one and one condition
though I need the best hug from
everybody first in life Rihanna Rihanna
Chris my propers I help myself through
say Brianna I put it out
that Kurt no that skirt yeah yes Queen
yeah to D number one with your name in a
D Tokyo to D number two rats out me mam
farm with her today blows up she said I
know something goes wrong in New York
and I want to hold it hold yourself
yeah code my bed well thank you so much
I love you Wow I merely Brian how dare a
proxy moment why are you so I told the
story bazillion times I was in Montreal
once by a she told the story today to a
person was interviewing me in Montreal
one day I was starving because there was
a lack of edgy food and someone left
food to me at the front desk no lavars I
was expressed this person I posted about
it it was Gemma yeah my face my life you
saved me I was starving she gave me food
this is the mysterious person I met her
and she didn't even want any recognition
she's my ex when should eat success
thank you so much and you forgive me
yes jumper you about to jump about your
neck sama clothes back to me what is the
thing get it twisted like I do I gotta
get a slice why means we done that was
450 people
they're fun I am back home I am tired as
ass thank you so much to home I mean
hotel I'm tired of that thank you
everyone that came out to the
meet-and-greet
so where this gun was wrapped when I put
it in my pocket and now it's not wrapped
okay thank you so much I wanna came to
the me angry it was completely filled to
capacity
it was signs of everywhere that were
like no more places available I was a
little bit nervous and wasn't expecting
that type of reaction so thank you so
much ever when I came and probably gifts
and letters also so sweet and I loved
hugging you all sometimes I'll just like
stay hugging something because I was
like some kind of tired and I need a
place to lean right now you're all so
wonderful and cute so thank you from
bottom my heart it is man sorry I am so
tired but I need to finish working on my
tour creative so I just need to power
through try to go to bed by 12 won the
latest at the wake up again in 12 6:30
for my hair and makeup so that'll
crack-a-lackin' when you're watching
this today by the way I just released a
video yesterday we okay today right now
it's called signs you're competitive as
asks I'm trying my best to still release
videos while I'm on tour obviously I
pre-recorded some of them I don't have
all the videos done but then I saw a
discouraging comment I was like oh I
liked her better when she didn't have a
crew in yeah I'm just like that I know
so I get that calmer a lot like I wish I
didn't have a crew when they were better
when we just ruined a room I I can't do
that anymore I'm sorry I stopped having
fun spending a brazillian hour
struggling to use a camera trying to
shoot myself not making videos how I
want them to be like I'll still do rants
here and there I still will but
understand that I'm growing and evolving
as a person and I need to try new things
books and tours and all the things I
enjoy doing they make me happy and to do
that I need a crew to help me out I
can't do everything by myself it's not
good for my mental health and do I
apologize you don't like them someone
gave me this funny way to meet and greet
I love it so much apologize if you liked
them last but notice I always preach
about people having happiness and mental
health and I gotta practice what I
preach and that's what makes me happy so
hopefully you still like them and you
still stick around but most part is
positive feedback I'll give you a little
sneak peek arresting figures or you'll
probably view a little case of a right
now just in case game point for me okay
whatever
okay winning isn't everything there's
more to life
game point for me I went on one side you
competitive is at the link in the
description if you want to watch it and
also today when you're watching this I
will be on Fallon this evening that day
my book is out oh my god books come out
a few hours oh okay I or some food you
get to work here we go power suit it is
midnight and I am going strong writing
on my two cars memorizing my ish I'm
excited for tomorrow the first few shows
always a little rough cuz kinks get
ironed out and I don't have to
completely memorized because on stage I
get like thrown curveballs stuff like
that I got rolls punches but I'm trying
to laugh at you see why I had two cards
like the first week perhaps you curse
the first two shows maybe as backup and
then hopefully have it memorized I'm
excited about it and a one song just
wake up in six hours for hair makeup but
imma get it done because buff oh wow oh
my god I just had a realization I'm an
Eastern Standard Time and thus the time
is the time is midnight which means it's
March 28th where I am oh yeah my
schedule focused on two God's looking
especially oh it is most 28th in my
debut book my first ever book how to be
about is out oh my god it's gonna be in
stores you're gonna hold in your hand
you're gonna read the words I released a
book oh my god I released a book pillow
I hey what's up Lilly author
everything's a book with those I did I
wrote a book I wrote a ball get it out
oh my god thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you wherever you are boss because
now I'll check it out in stores I'm sure
it's in your local book store it'll be
delivering on all the places that you
ordered it from go hobo please support
and buy the book cuz I wrote it I wrote
a book guys though I suppose I wrote is
out now
because have a 224 hair makeup starts in
four hours look if we take a shower so
that I could just wake up and sit on the
chair in the morning I don't know how
I'm awake still but persevering well
quick to second shower to second mileage
aqua jump in bed yes I know my makeup
swollen face I don't know I try I try it
I might at washroom stressing me out the
shower did this thing again I take a
proper shower the washroom stresses me
out where I heard some washroom we're
gonna end our day now go for three hours
of sleep like a boss done it stuck with
Len thank you for joining me today the
first signing of the boss book tour book
is officially out now everywhere I go to
releasing book calm to find out where
you can get it up with a link in the
description really sing book.com is
where you can go all the sales that
happen to the first people count towards
best sellers list hopefully I get on it
so if you're hanging to buy the book
please like this week go to your local
bookstore do whatever you need to do if
you want you know have kiddo also New
York tomorrow today when you're watching
today's show is officially sold out so
that's exciting I'm starting the tour in
a sold out know which is very cool I'm
pretty nervous about the show because
like I said it takes a few shows to get
into the groove of things so like I
might not know what parts work what
parts are boring I know might not know
what the reactions might be a people
when I laugh that's how HD I was as well
so a lot of that rolling with the
punches is all good not to mention the
show might be really long I don't know I
have too long it's gonna take but we'll
see what happens
thank you so much for joining me on
today in town tomorrow if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe you
know also over the next little bit I'm
gonna be doing a lot of surprised visits
places so if you want to see where I
might be going and where you could
possibly meet me or pick up a sign book
you couldn't follow me on Twitter
Instagram I always like to use things
about my Twitter or my insta stories
because I'm under like a lot of
bookstores and surprising things are
doing things so even keep an eye out
okay
