I am a cowboy look at me I'm so awake
and at seven hours of sleep of freedom
muscle in touch because I can open up
feel in myself
photobomb and all day I love it very
Bakula I'm so excited not to mention him
I just don't mind hire your boss let's
tell you the mission in today
first of all give this guy a high five
accomplish we're flying back to LA I
need to first and foremost check up on
my hot tub probably so scared and alone
and shivering on my roof probably
thought I forgot all about this will be
wild creatures in it right now right
second aha so we are going to put it up
that unpack maybe take a shower I have a
new Beauty on the phone and I have my la
show ask my alley so which end so late I
have my styling for some more media then
I have to repack myself I would say
hello
are you recording myself don't mind me I
would say yes I have to go to my email
but it's go to my entire inbox moving
I'm very excited right now I'm so awake
I have you no shame I'm sitting right
here
okay BRB my Quan a I'm going to see
humble annatto
momentarily and if you hours welcome to
my precious on the shining let's go back
to Le
walking through the airport casually and
I see this one are you talking with now
how was Amsterdam was rough my plan was
canceled you know very good
now you're back with them some super
mags spam spam spam spam xanthine hi
guys a guy who also humble some interest
of the hot tub and update is the swamp
town it is green and disgusting we drain
and refill it but tonight or tomorrow
one time for I leave I need to step in
the hot tub I got this orange planet you
got me this what is this the world's
smallest toothbrush thanks Thank You
Dada thank you you're doing great you're
doing great you're killing the game
whose daily thanks to did it instant hey
good oh my god those flowers still
outside now it's going to be all the
things I forgot to do before I left
little after off that's disgusting and
rough and now we're missing the hose you
know the hoses oh so I just go with a
new challenge
Hubble is everybody's on this twice I've
nailed advice he's opening the book for
random pages picking a sentence and tell
you the sentence and I'm going to tell
them based on just one sentence which
chapters from proof ain't not only that
right everywhere this book but I know
this book about my my success on YouTube
gives me something special and that is a
following you're an architect dr. boom
anywhere else you got home was like
there's no way you mean one sentence of
any pain I think with chapters from
Sudan this is that like ink poisoning or
something
wait-wait-wait-wait-wait be the dumbest
oh my god come on come on
wow I think I remember I've done people
quote my book don't even realize this
for my boot in attenders I'm for for for
right now for your ears no okay and
Kathy I got two words that well when I
try now on your fourth before stead of
mess you up so don't assume everyone
cares about what you care about I want
to say it's understand priorities
screwed
yeah five four five
come at me everywhere this book I know
what's all right new another one just
fun just one now would you got boo it's
all about choosing your battles and
fighting those battles with tact it's
all about choosing your battles and
exciting those battles attack oh wait
hold on can I get an ultra pronunciation
please
so where do we descend again this is all
about choosing your battles there's my
little battle attack sure to stop at
five go to a little cabin okay okay
that's the answer
now what's the answer come on what you
up this is not online with you guys not
just saying that cuz I start vlogging
right now I love you but good question
I was my room at least you guys are sad
believing in small room cytosol my room
I miss my room watching shower in my
shower oh okay good friends helps
develop it because I'm trying to do
videos apart leave there's no time that
went to an honest Q&A a second one thank
you so much gotta get us across this
video I get done try get done here we go
we're doing makeup in four seconds and
so uneven for head to the show not has
just been a struggle for the past to
miss for various reasons you should show
no I'm my third humble your second time
true so the center line but the windows
are tinted but none of them can see moi
ma I've done that every show I just
drive I'm like y'all was good Pam's
looking tennis to you and then you got
away and I got away did we notice it oh
yeah was a long line come an evening
with Assemblyman spell wrong for a
second I was going to jump off this car
at least for unicorn orange that's
pretty good
you Ellie shows always fun to his mad
friend fav industry people a gwaan is
the bag my floral just full of ice you
bring this part of my hair you like it
like it
I think these expression when I said
Friday when I say the best defense is
running away see if this is going to be
as good see Alice's yellow with height
data was high we'll see we'll see all
right you can turn to start what let's
do this thing and we keep complimenting
my outfit all right hey it's gonna be
going a good time like I said I'll do
the Le audiences hype hopefully their
height not even good I'm feeling high
humble you're gonna help on me
happily we are go on some random
strangers also broken mouthing I'm not
gonna show you him because he's scary
and he large he's the John speed of
YouTube you can't see him no matter how
hard you try you can't see Emelec show
you were no okay we couldn't he's
actually only one of my friends I came
I'm just here to show love yes well
asked me to decide and invite a lot of
people at all I was like trying to keep
a small cup of theatres kind of small
but he came I'm here to learn I'm here
to grow him here that like get him fired
that's pretty sweet of you no pressure
on me okay so go bro bro bro
alright LA it is time for you be the
multi-ethnic audience so number oh well
we'll figure it out but this gonna be
sick
oh my god I had to say la you just took
the prize for best audience of the store
so far we're not amazing they were so
amazed oh so much fun oh la I am feeling
it right now I might use a spoon all of
our and that we're do some golden ticket
stuff close big part hardly like would
you send like master yourself anything
of our budget and the golden ticket
winners in LA
Oh
I would glue and 50 people I am so tired
and my back is
bohrok but I don't appreciate being
stopped off because I'm or you also
we're taking home head home and some
food waiting for me my necklace is
entangle the whole meat in green every
picture I'm like should find anything
that go home it's even worse guys coming
to someone help me this is the last show
with Emily in spending say bye thank you
so much I can drive as we go on we
remember all the times we had together
and get on I change to whatever you will
su friends go rabbi so I just came home
and I'm so tired I want to puke and then
this woman is here to do a fitting with
me sorry
and I'm like why can't you be less a
lion was a human and not sure Thank You
Sara
other than wingman I am so tired as
you've heard all of this before but I'm
so God and I realize I'm also on ESP now
in PSE so much of three hours later than
what I am right now I am going to end
this vlog very soon I am going to go to
sleep before I do that exciting news for
you says Melbourne sold us Julie I have
now released a second Melbourne show so
a lot of people treated me singing
Melbourne was sold out there's another
show now you can buy tickets for
soliciting book.com slash tours where
you can go India which ticket you can
you sold out you good it a good shake is
Ariel's Trinidad but all you place is
Hong Kong you sold but everywhere else
tickets can be a little time maybe out
the next time a job did you miss me it's
a little bit is that much of it this
much that's the size of you like a t-rex
you see that mean yes the future I love
you this much
I'm losing my brain are using my mind
ill I just release a video on my channel
called the most honest Q&A ever part 2
when I check it out go for it if not
that's cool to look at my eyebrows are
so weird right now
oh my god I'm all how are you would you
like to tell everyone the traumatic news
about your phone getting are you full
rose and I have dream I'm using a phone
that I found in movies folder yeah we
like to everyone how your phone broke
still debatable even oh the freak
accident just shut up or I might have
sold out to this YouTube you can watch
routine video uh-huh one of the stories
begin to shoot a video don't have your
phone in your pocket
how about it's okay you're still
handsome let's see how we did today
- absolutely I am so tired I am going
crazy I'm turning into a crazy person
but yo I haven't done so many bonuses
that I made ablution bear part of myself
I was very honest in the video and I
hope you enjoy I'm going to go to bed
now tomorrow I'm flying to the UK but
that's in the evenings that was full day
to repack my clothes and I don't know
what the helmet we're pretty shows and
stuff outta my hair we braided etc etc
but yo India you were the first place on
Twitter not sold out yet in terms of my
final authority to get on your fish
right now check this in book concise
tour India I begin to view that ish you
to get done I son Enoch laughing kisses
until tomorrow I do you like to
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it yeah also Indian just joking
I wanted to pressure you to do anything
you don't want to do okay or maybe you
wanna buy tickets and you buy tickets
and everywhere else in the world you
don't have to like it as soon as you
want to don't just listen to me because
I'm telling you but because you want to
do it I don't want to pressure you
I don't want to believe I just wanted I
just want you to be happy I want I'm
going to sleep now okay go back
