and again this is relieving Gotham New
York City is about a five and a half
hour flight I will complete that you
slept a wink the fact all I would heat
complete unlike a little bit of us
actually because yo these networking
days are like intense the 90 prep we are
starting the boss book torn New York and
we're in New York that flight was rough
because my period pain rose I were like
this is like oh you go you going on a
tour or sq your adrenaline and up your
ears over in New York light was delays
or like an hour later than we should be
and the whole time I'm just calculating
how many hours of sleep I forget and how
many hours I have to work because it is
so hard when the west coast in East
Coast because you lose three hours and I
was a nighttime and tomorrow my wake-up
time of six elections three for me so
then goes hotels
excellent work I have to do everyone's
hands clean and you know you recheck for
New York hey we still got like two more
days until the first show one day he'll
for signing wow sounds like a lot more
in my brain and what I said it out loud
enough okay okay I already saw my breath
outside Torres officially started I'm
gonna get some Oh Tom oars I'm cocky
roles right now I'm officially in toward
beast mode or like focus but anytime
same time just for any time complaining
with some examples at a time when get
psychology or get to work because we are
in beast mode
I feel fresh that we are in bus whoa
sand forums it again I don't like to
decode I don't like I don't know why
people I did you doing this to me I
always feel like I want a basic hotel
whether he and a bit I was at these dark
rooms with no he that doesn't work and
they're more expensive as their fancy
hotels and I'm like why why this corner
in Revere
it's so dark
it's so dark posed to do hours of work
it's okay with no complaining I am going
to warm up eat it's great to work
because I got to wake up it's like
straight up a couple hours so let's just
get to it I'm so goddamn tired I took
off for a minute not just mouth and I
woke up after four minutes now I'm
writing again on my laptop this is my
song I've got a beating in my head my
room is a cave my brain is a race a
beating on my head I feel like I am dead
I thought kind of hurts and I have to
burp because I just had a can of pop now
I don't give a damn if you call it soda
because I know that is pop where I'm
from you don't want it was bright it was
nice was in a can and yeah okay just
1217 I forget about 6:15 I cannot pull
another all-nighter I'm not done yet I
said to wash my hair as well some wash
my hair and go to bed and find gaps in
the day to finish this because I need
sleep
so Nashville's going on as go take a
shower top top times and calling the
front desk for 20 minutes now and no one
is answering that's what you get for
booking fancy hotels because I need more
shampoo because this little whatever
that's assist is not going to cut it so
Sarah is just arriving to the hotel as
well she's also here and I was like
Judith shampoo she has her like booty
shampooing i'ma finish the whole goddamn
thing up front that little mini shampoo
is falling through the middle the lines
in the thing that's all he does not how
small it is oh my goodness I'm not
complaining I'm just amused at fancy
hotels amuse you got circles of a
goddamn wall I'm necessary shampoo
necessary and to stop taking a shower
with shampoo Farrah got me from
downstairs actually peppermint lavender
peppermint calling a candy cane what
just happened to shampoo I was flexing
King smelling shampoo and something you
shower because the water won't drain it
was once overflow you might not know
what I'm talking about but now you
probably have an idea I know but that's
something junk not be complaining
doesn't ma'am you fancy hotels without
fail you see the please cool she'll pay
back all right then I'm not actually
going to sit on the toilet because I
don't think actually at sea there's
enough space and enough space of you and
I on this in this washes all on all
right I'm just gonna lie here for a
second and talk to you because I'm fit a
little overwhelmed I need sleep my eyes
aren't ready
I wash my hair always happens where dad
as well I sleep a little overwhelmed so
much to do tomorrow after wake up in
like four hours and everyday moving
forward is pretty much exam wake up
which is fine to be great but I just
cannot wait until I like I've done the
first couple shows I'm in the groove of
it so I don't practice anymore that I
can just like execute first couple shows
are always the hardest tomorrow's on
even show today when you watch was
actually signing so I want to talk to
you about in New York I have a signing
is first-come first-serve and the
information will be in the description
information in the description if you
want to meet me in New York my first
signing of the tour and I'm very excited
about it so this is a little energy blog
specially since the first day but for
the travel day and it was a no sleep day
and technically the tour starts today
aka tomorrow so yeah again I'm gonna go
China feature on the toilet but is so
fun but no no boss mode beast mode here
we go
I haven't see the walking daddy I know
the episode came out after like not go
to Twitter now because people are
talking episode much I don't know what
am i watching and so scratched but in
honor of it it's time for the walking
legs digital to watch I like you not as
idea die just miles away from NYC thank
you for joining me today this hectic
rough travel day full of period cramps
and no sleep and lots of work tomorrow
we have so many things going on with
filming interviews so many appointments
so many meetings my first signing
writing towards dog hoping anybody else
does a lot of things a lot a lot a lot
of things I'm going to try to get the
best amount of sleep I can get right now
and it tells mile group if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe yeah
Austin is now sold out which means my us
part the tour is almost all sold out
if you want to check me out to some of
the findings I don't have tickets a
first come first serve or if you want to
design tickets left for other stuff
listing book.com slash tour is where you
can go us you killing the game
rush the world take note
