have no idea whatever battery good
afternoon I was awakened at 9:00 a.m. as
you know I was trying to sleep in 11:30
12:00 know so I'm like that 90 and my
doorbell ring as you know last night we
finished writing books in there were
boxes up here a box down there 90 and
this homeboy casually comes to my door
that you dip into the boxes and I'm like
oh these bots are indeed losses we would
bother with basra boat you guys
would one that's all over my house and
not on that kid you need to solve like
hey I had no idea you were coming sorry
so homeboy just we got being a G moved
all the boxes themself and tape them
those like y'all act like stay away two
hours I was like your engine so that I'm
like you I don't really important story
there's a huge crime ice coming wall up
today I went back to bed after it set my
alarm and then didn't wake up kinda look
like 1231 and I was like where am I was
so weird I went back to sleep harder
than I was sleeping before and now I
don't know what I think anyway exciting
stuff here's what we're doing today
post-production fingers we are going to
if we don't it someone's picking up the
book done I did that that happened as
you know the jet had a story that
happened now as I work on tour creative
stuff uninterrupted for like two three
hours
I also after that has to get my hair
makeup done because I have my launch
party today which by the way is being
live-streamed and then I go to party
have a good goddamn time
be proud embrace the moment then he had
to come home do another fitting then I
got a passport or it's probably gonna be
an all-nighter because tomorrow morning
is my flight slide small of that will be
present launch party for my first ever
book and we're in this together I cannot
wait I'm acting weird I'm acting weird
as usual I feel very disoriented like I
don't know what that's like so we buy
this look like part my brain fell off
now I'm like right here and there what
time is it what's about bow-bow me well
I just had the most productive three
hours ever gotten out my show and all I
can say is I'm very excited about it I
think it's going to be a good be lessons
from my book because I'm assuming I
won't read my book right on the show
came when you did is bringing my book to
life just like hty was in my child's
life this is going to be not so much me
reiterating some parts book kind of like
more comedic Lee or more like with a
live examples life uses a lot of
messages and lessons that will really
come through on stage with your help
with pulling people up on stage or
giving examples I think we'd be sick I
think we may learning spiritual
experience I think else is like come
with a notepad right just like evolve if
I'm gonna learn from you
for me isn't written great now I'm a
hair make up your not hair makeup it's a
makeup not Ashley's Anton because the
papier-mâché you were busy but I'm
gonna go my hair like this and we're
gonna make a bit later when your squad
does you right just you right when soon
hearings as the book cover or my mouse
necklace this is device like a little
boss things to pieces but looks like one
you know what I mean I told my hair
myself and picks it up and I am set to
go what about the livestream for an hour
if I could like right now because that's
a knock things won't work and Knox press
and in be president - I was enjoy it and
everything I just said is a lie fun fact
I submitted the proposal on my birthday
and I also completed the first round on
my birthday so exactly one year from
birthday - birthday I
every day but you know what's on your
lips that box I love you and stars on
the top carry on your successful run how
do you think I look like a I can't you
go
- have good friends
to the horizon go clear I said
yeah my other girlfriend a fiddle ah run
a plus-one I want this
in job
so I got a custom veggie burger made for
me from you mommy Hollywood and it was
the best goddamn burger I've asked and
I'll be sending us to go burgers so I'm
gonna ring on you real quick oh please
it was so I'd already messed my hair in
a lot but it was so it was like a best
with a falafel burger which was pretty
funny right now so you have the
vegetarian truffle burger all right and
then I had this one crispy Diablo for my
holiday you guys got a good button a my
damn life right here your mommy
Hollywood check them out this burger is
damn good what's tap in your back
Sarah stylist coming in a few minutes at
at 11 p.m. to go to a last-minute
fitting for a lot of things up coming up
including some awesome TV appearances
such as Fallon and other amazing things
I'm very much this my third time I've a
label he worked he does about that but
first ones I'm so thrilled and happy and
how the party went I was literally
shocked phone silence I was literally
shocked at how many people showed up
because everyone I texted all my Korean
friends were so busy some of them were
like not in town and I was like oh I
totally get it I'm always so busy so I
get it but so many of my Creator friends
showed up and supported like Connors
book just came out he probably so busy
he came mamrie and Keira and man I was
born just landed and they came candy and
megatoon and just just so rock and just
everyone that came and really she's
Allah by the way everyone I came friggin
I was over the moon I was like I cannot
believe this many people spend time to
come here like when they have way better
things to do so I was just so so
grateful so lucky nothing really well
how difficult was Madeline she mention
my name I was mentioning people that
like had a choice Warner did not have a
good day okay I was really really great
and a lot of fun the food was great a
lot of candidates he was real good who's
real good dog ran a little ahead in a
great time everybody was in a good mood
boom boom pow when everyone's at the
book looks so great as a saying it just
so good I'm second lucky girl
am i lucky does not adjust so well
unsupervised she them supervised for
like a long time I went inside her and
she survived mercifully but people just
way to do it some full 28 degrees dude
then you can sew all the jewelry is
labeled for what interview I'm going to
wear them for all the clothes
which she this lady is an angel look at
this sound and angels I don't I'm so
impressed by you
excellent excellent work just makes it
all the time you've been approved and
will continue to be with the time is 2
a.m. I leave through the air at 8 a.m.
of six hours of crack I'm going to get a
little bit asleep I think I can pack in
like two three hours because those are
two and a half weeks then you take two
suitcases seems to be okay my kind of
pack and then maybe do some little work
and so time it is I'm gonna shower first
maybe though because I got to do my
makeup off or else when I try clothes
I'll scrub off think it's through
something I am I have club outfit that's
what I need for this first part of the
tour 12 outfits here we go let's start
fetching 12 different outfits I'm
fabulous cause all that awkward moment
when I checked the time is actually 4:30
I just speed this up God am definitely
taking much longer than expected
well my second suitcase was good I think
I am going to end the vlog because I
have a feeling I'm going to be so late
and I'm going to forget to end it and my
days are gonna merge I am just going to
end up on here for leaving for tour I've
got it over to our that goddamn guys
stop winning until winner when I settle
miss Twitter I literally forget
everything that happened to my day
sometimes that's great sometimes bad
what did I do say I said oh my god was
my boss launch party I was so awesome
well I was backing a mock receipt when I
head to the airport wearing for tour I
have so much work to do still prior to
my first show ah it would work when I'm
so so so excited you want to get triple
donut loosing accomplished or is where
you can go time is running out
I can't emphasize enough because I
forgot settings and vlogs that are
generalizations of what our actual facts
please whatever city you're in because
some things are just signing make sure
you read the information when you buy
the ticket I cannot stress that enough
summer shows some resigning read the
information please I cannot wait to meet
you in tell them look if you liked it
subscribe did you like it son
also if you would have been in the city
that I'm unfortunately not coming to
you're so pure to the book and get the
book which is available everywhere
trains that you can pure listingbook
combos regional or it's a little bit a
lot of bookstores on more trades as well
so so I can't come to you
I'll try my best when next time I guess
boogers in my nose also know it's going
to make blink
