it's going to be a great day good
morning good afternoon it is 12:00
I will go about an hour ago just fish
done wicked call about toward stuff
which I'm so excited about I'm so
pleased to say that for international
territory Uncle John is coming on
towards me dad is not coming but Uncle
John is covering that makes me very very
happy
international like the tour which is
never too big to believe a bit more
challenging but it's going to be awesome
is going to be sick my whole team and I
are working relentlessly like the two
are amazing
so Oscar great struck today I didn't a
very productive day because today we've
got to have a phone call meeting or you
did that right now I have a meeting
about some other YouTube stuff after
that I have to sign the rest of the
Canadian book as you a quick recording
for something I have to start packing
and go shopping today because tomorrow I
will party in LA for the launch is my
book and I need an outfit and I need to
start planning my 31 outfit then I need
to nail out some of my tour creative
axilla and may or may not also write and
record a rant we'll see but aside from
all that yo beautiful sunny day I'm
grateful for the life I have grateful
for my body and my friends my loved ones
and my health and we're gonna make sure
we live that out today so leggo okay so
so sorry
somebody spell your name wrong so it's
not like it's made out of gold but it's
fun I like every box in here they can
see it first
oh okay right right
cinnamon aww that's so sit on a late 90s
I was to know about Knights I'm looking
down my backside oh no I feel like this
is all done hello my name is Lilly Singh
Li Li I'll bring out things what is
really in just a few days or months
depending on where you live this could
be yours
dude dude this is a real golden ticket I
am holding and it will be stuffed into
ten books at every single show when you
walk through the venue you could open
your book and find this ticket and you
and a friend such as permittee would
come backstage to hang out with me at
some gift and when I think come back you
might like a quick picture like home
eating greets awesome enormous it down
imma talk to y'all imma legs vibe with
y'all it's gonna be sick
so if you want to potentially find one
of these
using book.com slash tours where you can
go it's laminated ask me forget about me
laminated when it's laminated you know
it's real I never receive anything
laminated what's cracking y'all you want
to talk real talk you know I like to
keep it real so y'all send me a moment
of real talk I'm so glad I'm insane for
this book to come out and to go on tour
because I started from all the logistics
and everything else I get to meet y'all
in person but yeah I understand I make
videos let me internet I'm always behind
the screen I seldom get to interact with
y'all in amazing settings like meet and
greets and on stage and I live for of
that and most excited for that I want to
be real real real talk because not much
huge control freak and I try to control
everything was like all my shows and all
the details of my book and all this I
have to let go of some my car did not
charge I vacuum I go love some of that
control because there's so many moving
parts okay listen so I wonder give you a
little bit of insight then I answer some
of your questions or maybe not I mean do
these just need song gibberish but the
other thing Real Talk I can come by one
do anything in my life
HT UI this book any contest any event I
am always in a situation where it's
easier to do it in North America just
right off the bat because of where I
live because of just how partnerships
works just for legalities just look
there's so many reasons why it's just
easier I'm so adamant on always making
things worldwide I'm like no it's you I
gotta make it as worldwide as I can you
need to know that the average person
that walks into these meetings ain't
going to India hey I'm going to Dubai so
it's always we try to ignore why would
your dad resign I try to go to Singapore
I go to places with that decision to try
to make things worldwide comes a lot of
complications that's why international
tickets are more expensive than North
America because it's like us finding
promoters us having to fly everything
and everyone it takes to get there
having to get visas like I can't enter a
lot of these countries not to get a visa
for myself and everyone else coming with
me except flights the hotels for so many
reasons not only our international thing
is more expensive and not only are there
so many more like technicalities in
terms of like let's include in the
ticket what's not that's the price
unfortunately I have to pay or we have
to pay to make things international it's
a simple analogy I'm gonna be real with
you you want tickets are way cheaper for
my tour includes way more stuff I
couldn't easily done North American tour
and there would be no issues but I was
so adamant on going to places like
Malaysia and Philippines because I don't
feel like a lot of people go there and I
know my
International even still I'm not going
to many places in Europe I'm not going
to Jamaica I'm not going to so many
other places I want to go I haven't been
able to figure out how to do it yet but
I just want to be really on tell you
that when you see certain things in your
ticket price or in your area yo what's
the F just know that's unfortunately the
cost of making it happen there and it's
important for me and to me to make it
happen there so that's the realness of
the situation look at my eyes and I can
tell you I'm not going to be ranking mad
that's been cake off the store and every
meeting I go to was like yo my goal is
not to make money here my goal I'm
blessed enough to make money too many
other abuses my goal here is to get as
many people to get my book and see
myself as possible and I genuinely from
my heart have tried to do that so I
apologize sincerely
if tickets are a little expensive where
you are from I apologize sincerely if
I'm not touring in your city and I
apologize if there's any hurdles related
to you and I being in the same place but
I'm trying our best and we'll only get
better I gotta go to Zog I find it all
for tomorrow and buy some dress clothes
because I got to look sexy for you let's
go I just spent way too much goddamn
money at Topshop and everyone gone to
Zara
there's two bags I drop it off the car
as I have you this but y'all worth it
because tour 31 shows like I said try
out my consulates who have so many like
graphic t-shirts just so like and use
them for video references but I need
some like more Mouse clothes for like
leadings and everyday life does
everything in my closet is like
superwoman superwoman performance so I
think I'm stepping it up a little bit
cool but yo I got some germs and hacker
I did it proper you know I went to
change who made a system to curse chip I
look at cars I'm having I'm gonna
struggle today having a struggle
there is very few times I want to change
room did it properly organization system
got all the right size etc I'm trying to
think alike I have some organizational
issues to be a change in will occur this
actually this the section will be this
this would be one size smaller one size
I might have a problem it does are oh no
I'm so stupid straight up got into my
car and drove out of this parking lot
and then I just realized that there's
actually one throw away from topshop not
aware is narcissus I talk something like
flat paid for parking exited and now I
park literally literally in almost the
exact same spot now heads are I can buy
all the places I wanna buy this fact
that I'm an idiot
ah look what we have here
alright just casually in my room with
all the clothes and I was like look at
this many coats I just bought right now
when I try all of them on ya gonna be
great 84 years later we have finished I
got some soap stop there I mean some
 look at this sweater I might know
about it so soft
oh my god I love it no big do you know
whatever just casually writing some
thank-you cards I'm beside with my book
just finish reading one to Dwayne now
I'm writing one to Selena what would you
like to explain with plastic man
basically I just had the rest of the
book but they're in the garage and
thinks the boss they're so heavy for
them it's the garage but my garbage has
been in my crotch smells Jewish enough
for breeze the academic let's decide I'm
the grunt i cure the boxes up then miles
are extinct so we used to breathe it in
this missus curse all the signs of books
about trying to celebrate kill Molly
you'll get a garage watch and just so
pretty
I love you so much these super just
gonna just know that crucial update
we've adapted to smell will become one
what's going on here go bum bum it not
as well for doctors now there's we get a
lot of physical labor and bus of God
dance it was good friend looks like pig
nose everybody it should be your goal
real life goal right here alright at
three books last year York urban on at
our books my marker in dying
use all the Canadians we're honor is
well with you and things are in
kilometers not miles and university is a
thing and it is pumped not soda this is
the last book I am signing officially
last book I am siding right here boom
boom pow mmm hang out God Helms with her
and exhaustion fish flying all the books
you saw thank you cars for tomorrow's
party tomorrow is my launch party of how
to be a boss we will convert over 28
some parts of old world already have it
in Australia and Singapore iners and
tweeting me showing me the book and I'm
like I'd you get it this will happen
when you try to international things
issue a whole time
I have not attacking yet I do much more
creative I'm gonna sleep renowned so
tired app tomorrow all day to work on it
and then I got a party and I think we
put them all nighter to pack time you
should be that back as a long packing
for two and a half weeks because la is a
show that falls at the end of North
America so I'm just talking for like us
really I feel right and then I leave
again so I'll have a chance to like
rotate the suitcase there should be too
too bad but still still so much goddamn
things to do if I tell quick shower
because my body's hurting moving those
boxes or not for your shelves and nada
not a friggin angel sent from above into
my life stator and help me with Allah's
like such a good person just such a good
person right now other thing I'm such a
good person sheriff oh my god I'm naka
Lyle I want to stand other judge we've
been here and I was it can't you sit on
the toilet good
thanks to you today I am tired as a very
super productive day
I am ready today I went shopping and buy
the souls that was delivered October
because I need to do that I spent so and
then you kind of saw my book once my
emails I talked a lot of books I've had
a meeting this morning yeah I was really
super aggressive big no I was leaving
for tour in just a couple of days New
York City you are first tickets might
still be available for you I want to
start with a sold-out show we sprayed up
NYC let's get it let's get it let's get
it and then the rest of the world as
well as simple to complex tour and where
you can get tickets that we had to talk
about tour today I feel better about
myself comment below let me know you
feel fun I feel gonna hear much clearly
I just down the garage floors and you
will see because any of you ever go back
now it does well did you like it's good
if you're like this is good yeah another
thing for those of you unaware tomorrow
is my oil today when you're watching
with is my boss launch party and I'm we
live streaming from the event so stay
tuned to my YouTube page of the main
channel youtube.com especially say not
this long one I'll be live streaming
from there from the party's gonna be
sick so make sure you check tech tech
tech shuttle run out
