starting a day off with the most
flattering view remaining we're off to
the races already this is a fake smile
not really because I'm with some people
that I adore but I would go at 7 a.m. or
do matter for I'm so tired or look so
sick I was longing singular makeup chair
but we are shooting the built stuff
there which I appreciate I can't tell
you about Rekha you can let them know
for good it's a good causes I got some
good causes coming up you know man you
know that's you and it's a cool concept
or one of y'all can like you know I
can't even tell you with me sick stay -
does it have two fingers the way we do
today and get our hair and makeup done
John terrible we take doing it of a shoe
that was you're going to do it after
that I'm a vice grips I went to kidnap
and I'm to another shoe and it's awesome
all of that I am going to balance
molesting me very proud of me too super
I can't a little machine spit because I
just woke up and I was like I don't care
I don't care I have one let's do this
with my channel I don't care you get
better take care of myself and I cancel
the issues thus enabling you to take a
three hour nap
be proud of me be proud of me yes that's
right everywhere else is like yeah yeah
great oh did you just say that again
I brought my screen right now because of
imposition oh my god I should be like
the bus I feels like has such an emotion
on her face right now you guys made this
happen how did you with acknowledgement
move anybody ascription acknowledgments
a second thank you to my awesome team
there's me videos where humorously Renee
and Sarah yeah as you get you Bobby
actually is a book Bobby where's the
picture where you're in this book oh you
could write do it that's coffee right
there yelling at me exercise
self-control
Twitter's obviously in the Privy
ensemble right here you know yo look at
we having a forkful of had a real bow
totally Morenstein but we decided to
make a little four because we thought of
you six photo shoot but then we take the
pictures were like oh that's ugly so you
know we are you're trying I know I took
my book a lot so everyone pay attention
pay attention it's important okay this
is important on my hair to make up in to
tell you this you all know I'm not
really petty well occasionally but I'm
not usually petty I really want to get
on the bestsellers like it isn't you
know I don't care about awards and
anything else you can ask always come to
me I'm never like oh I need to win but
this is like as an author because I
enjoy writing and I value and I believe
my book I really do wanna get the
bestsellers so if you are planning to
buy the book anyways please preorder it
Lilly Singh books comments we can go
over 28 when it comes out on that day go
through the store and buy on that dates
but I can accumulate all the numbers in
that team and then I really want to so
much all I really want this everybody
quality over there like oh I'm going out
work for you feel make listen is so like
if you want their plan to buy the book
then ignore everything I'm saying but if
you were helps it out and do it
pre-order or the day it comes out I mean
make a movie from where I am in the
world I like this price or we're doing
oh we're doing all that you already do
know for my schedule afternoon I have
earned myself a nap my friend so I gotta
finish writing a script and then I can
pick it up and if I showed you this but
my necklace says bow on it someone
gifted it to music dope let's write a
script and take a nap my stick us off to
again I did a proper napping on my
pillow girl look like I've murdered
somebody but maybe I did murder somebody
or something I murdered that guy I just
canceled shoot today but it's okay
honestly I just ate peacefully I'm going
to write my script in peace nama chicken
that was so necessary I was just wanting
feel guilty and then I was like yo you
didn't die I just realized I'm feeling
better
oh my goodness this reason oh my god I
mean like honest would have died and I
wouldn't a more important I think I
would not have enjoyed it and I want to
enjoy this process to my first book is
coming out also exciting stuff in the
shoots in the promos awesome I'm like yo
let me enjoy this for a second I also
shoot tomorrow at 2:00 I was like oh
these two shoots not happen is I need to
let be present and enjoy take care of
myself a little bit you know I got to
poop commit all right
nap woke up got my second outfit ready
for my second shoe I am like little
obsessive black even though I like all
them so much we like wearing black now I
think Kyle's will be half on me justify
it they can shoot through selfie 1 let's
go
papi I write cigar series only one boom
pop you do it Hank come on let's go Don
we're a takeover studio71
you know just you know going to
completely you know take over everything
look at this you guys remember this
pastime started on Lana you're my coach
you're like Jimmy's mouth once in a
while when I talk now like yeah there it
is I got excited we cook good movie cook
every time I am so goddamn pleased with
how this video shoot is going it is
amazing we're on the last seat we go
kill this bitch and it's only 11:44 and
I was like 3:00 a.m. game music you see
I'm excuse me
John's here eating old skittles and it
was really cute he thinks this is a lot
of skittles Roscoe's you've never seen
my house was like three pounds good Wow
well we need to hang out more Hey
straight off the old kills the mother
effing James it got home fully unloaded
my car put away all the props put away
all the equipment obviously not help me
because God an angel cleaned every I
wash dishes can not only wash the dishes
or the wash dishes please observe how I
stack all the dishes in this manner
because I think that's pretty impressive
you know you old when I'm gonna wash
makeup off and a little bit more work
time to get ish done boom bullet I love
having productive days and not
productive mood right now but I am going
to take a light makeup sharing back
clouds get into that do some email do
the goddamn thing actually my makeup is
already done instrumental distantly
important since my tour is starting in
New York City in just a few days let's
learn five random things about NYC
number one the entire world's population
could fit inside the state of Texas if
it was densely populated as New York
City that's terrifying
number two toilet paper was invented in
New York City Thank You number three
Albert Einstein's eyeballs are stored in
a safe deposit box inside this number
four the Empire State Building has its
own zip code mother effin goal after a
Chipotle my booty also has its own zip
code
number five and this one is shocking I
did
knows what the city of New York will pay
for a one-way plane ticket for any
homeless person that has a guaranteed
place to stay that's hella dope I'm
really smart just like you because I
don't know I don't know anymore did you
just learn five new things boom whoop
why not do New York because in a few
days my tour will be started in New York
City with a signing and a show almost
every American city Sola New York has
not yet sold out I would love to start
off the tour with a sold-out show
there's like a couple tickets left so if
you're in New York City is that 92nd why
it is on the 28th then is when you
simply loosen book.com slash towards
raising it tickets if you live in New
York I'm trying to start my talk with a
bang okay I need to take this makeup off
now whoa I like who sit on the toilet
does mom above all they love my tours I
got any ID on you at it I don't think
anything's wrong with that because it's
important to me and I think people talk
about things that are important to them
and other people talk about the jobs and
I'm talking about mine because I'm
really good at what I'm going to send
this to myself not talking about it
because what I do want to talk about
it's my utmost gratitude towards you
because when I have these like this was
choose that I get to do what I love to
do as a career I literally can't think
of anyone I have to say more than you I
mean my parents wasn't it also teen
super like I'm so grateful that you
choose to watch my videos and you've
stuck by my side in stuff oh my god or
if you're brand-new thank you for being
here just happen for a tour I had to
shoot by the videos I get to work with
awesome people I had a little brain
babies and I get to bring them to life
and up all because of your support
though honestly oh god or for the book
and the book burn everything else
spending a song to say thank you so much
for making this my life or and helping
make this my life because without you
this will not work so thank you I'll be
are the best day and he'll tomorrow
cookbook if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe tomorrow I start
packing for my tour yeah I know god damn
barking dad you're up
channel 31 alphago is okay but we're
black t-shirt jeans very crucial hell
mom was just like a boss so black use
black shirt right fun right it's right
now my just a free book
