it's so early that is lady 444 we woke
up at 3:45 I thoughts about 131 two
hours of sleep and I'm just like when I
land I gotta be go-go-go who may
discover whether you bother who made the
schedule I have no idea we're heading
home to Toronto those are very excited
about I'm there for like four or five
days can I tell you which is happening
I'm up at this moment take back
everything I said about Air Canada
because homegirl at Air Canada just no
no she do what you may not reinforce you
get on shoot I got high speed night I
just ordered every drink on the flat eh
now anyways back to this Air Canada for
this moment I'm saying that I said the
good China the logit turn me on choke a
these oversized things are so light so
mother charged oversized I'm like she
did charge that off the letters I am so
overjoyed thank you somewhere or no say
Bieber Thank You air chance
here's today's mission we are going to
eat some McDonald then we're going to
fly to Toronto then I gotta go to random
Xhosa signs more book then I add another
Indian consulate then I got to start my
glam and I got this wintry didn't have
much my own show then how much for an
after-party seismo but every moment we
spend sleeping where we are allowed
almost hope and pray that someone to do
my makeup a long passed out let's go
when you live in that good life that
good life go mm-hmm all right goodness
control of why do we live this life I
gave what happened over 550 minutes make
the 60 minute count
um times are rough times are I'm tired
letters we all look like we got hit by
84 truck eighty-four trucks kinds of
when you go to your hotel for three
minutes brush your teeth give yourself
to my brother uneven and now you're
heading to Random House I want you
cashmere sweater as my initials on it
this is a vibe just quickly changed and
a little tomboy tug to change along with
a little bit classiness I guess I don't
know I'm not so asleep right now so I
don't know what's happening I'll kill my
eyelash curler slipping off my ice came
up but y'all everything's going great
I'm very cool my point is not my kind of
my favorite Jarrett are the best to work
with right here walking into the Indian
consulate
pray for me praying for me hello
everything is going great the Indian
Council is the bane of Magnussen I got
to do the process it's all good once
they discovered I'm superwoman all
things are great for that I got yelled
at and you have the proper paperwork and
not I kept me called not actually any
champion that is very good at keeping me
calm so I was kind of losing my mind
which you held it down and now we're
heading to random house to sign 800
books which is going to be fun but I'm
getting it because I think with the
timing we're going to be able to go home
and take a nap or an hour which is
crucial since we've had these are like
no sleep but now I'm seriously yeah I
think I've had like two hours of sleep
so I maybe had 17 minutes 17 minutes
very good that is what is happening
India diversity shows baby because I
learned to fly and I was like can you
just give me a five to get this game but
can you give me a five your music is
every year off a fly back to Toronto to
get a visa every single mother came to
me five years but apparently for me to
get a five-year visa I don't know why
but my parents have to surrender their
Indian citizenship which man whether
Canadian citizens and their Indian
passports are 30 years old and not even
valid because they need to surrender
those formally for me to get a five-year
business visa can barely me performing
for the next five years is impacted by
my parents Indian passport what the good
uses of lighting was great and I look
great but still it's all very nice can I
decide 800 bucks 800 books is I just
sign I have not slept and I'm going to
order food and sleep for 40 minutes
before my hair makeup arrived I am NOT
on human today I'm a robot today it's a
custom president or order food take a
nap I'm getting dead right now by me and
we're waiting meals a ton and sleep put
a wide awake I'm welcome play like this
why way we all have almost got that
hometown swag go on thank ya killed it
thank you yeah can you get up my
shoelaces so their processes are a hot
mess before that's true that's true when
people don't have no pride if you go
that was a humble a fan got this for you
you want me to give it to you turn it
around to the Lego around when your log
on it that's a big army went to in less
success you've never done this thank you
Michael
okay that's how you know to real homie
they come true like that to come to you
know don't you send a little bit
critical sandy sandy comes nothing you
probably did this all up so he just wore
the shirt the model it will say thank
you so much thank you
Harvey yeah the fast between heart might
little of everything
do it attached especially as well but
sometimes I go and sing the birthday
song people hurt right yeah well I don't
matter what movies have inspired you
creatively I love comedy movies I also
love horror movies movies like train
wreck I'm a huge baby shoes and it's
such a relatable quality though Google
time where it's really laughing all the
embarrassing qualities punctual
oh nice did you relate last time on yeah
we don't make all the stuff that we're
so proud of you
yeah
I know it look right nice oh my god fun
day is becoming nice okay I'll wait all
are coming because I just found out that
I won New York Times is the hard way not
helping
ah yeah really like this in the world
trying to show my screen home countries
to kill them here we go I want handed my
fingers are you been a phenomenal
audience to each other give us on this
is that no matter which obstacles come
our way and there will be many that you
are not going to survive like you are
going to conquer life was the hometown
show so like five hours goes until you
win addiction away psycho and the golden
ticket winners on the flip side we're
here the YouTube said to my afterparty
my friends on the way it could be foot
at 12 it's an ocean birthday so we have
a caper gonna be sick to the box book
ass hard
let's do it home
look at all this look at all this
because why I'm so weird right here gosh
Dagmar's book all day Oh
that's way too late
Olympic bad luck you know hard birthday
and you getting mad Tunes right now and
I'm very livid because I'm missing two
shoes I think they replayed over me just
easy rating on it baby baby yong-sik
gonna carefully understand immediately
baby love you gone
one of the biggest bust in your mother
everything
Oh
Oh
I've officially been up for almost 24
hours now but it's okay until my baby's
birthday happy to meet Amy as all of us
if you're ready 12 people twirl because
I am murder we're at friends mac and
cheese were sharing the best thing ever
nicely presented with four hours 19
goals we surprised by its location
oceans happy birthday no way
I am tired right now and feel like I'm
going to die
we've been up for 24 hours now we're
going to sleep I get to sleep for 3
hours and 45 minutes again and I'm gonna
die but not a wise know that amazing why
I feel America is we have so time what's
happening when the elevator needs your
key cards our party was so much fun but
I'm so glad I'm literate oh yeah the
party was clearly fun on a cemetery
thing I'm just dying next week so good
time with it let's see how we did today
best-selling author I don't we bought
some New York Times bestseller number
two on the list
I am surreal thank you so so so so so
much a wonderful and over enjoyable more
died preciate you all so much supporting
me to all my Devers it really religious
so you love nuts because until tomorrow
where I could you please heart do you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
you'll also even though week one is done
we still try to stay on a list with two
and three dogs so losing book calm was
raised god bless you enjoy listening for
talk on special I know you love
everything is fine okay well a single
calm please buy one or two gifts are
great what are you eating me up just the
joy
