oops I'm in Chicago good morning I am in
Chicago I just landed I've been blogging
right from the moment I get up because
I've realized that the first like dream
is my blog of me being like it for now
I'm not completely one day I'm just kind
of finding any I'm kind of more
functional we're in Chicago
ie responder Scotch motel it is great so
I always ask for basic hotels because
it's a budget they have when you get
like a more not boutique hotel you get
more bang for your buck look at this
this is a boutique hotel like here's
your bed in your dining room here's your
washroom here's some time look basic I'm
a basic human being at basic edge today
is gonna be exciting here is the mission
but first I mean come a desk I should
use it
oh I suggest with the lady with vadas
you're on the bed here is today's
mission I'm gonna take a nap
I wish I'll go the first thing on my
jeweler take a nap get ready eat food
possibly see one of those two not as a
nickel because not as in Chicago then we
go to my Chicago she'll do an epic show
I have an epic meet-and-greet gonna be
sick come home female sweet sweet sighs
mama that might lose unplugs right now
I'm like who dance we'll talk in can't
hear nothing I don't know hopeless it
will happen matter turns also be there
were six that never met thumbs it's
gonna be a good good time in Chicago it
struggle today is when we tell you when
we come back home this hotel we're going
to leave us 3:00 a.m. to go to Toronto
so sleep is crucial you can screw shil
any moment we have that a spirit okay
right now so BAE
all right house in my head is done I do
the only half but okay why did not order
so much also when I was a cheese I like
to confuse it with the sauce on top -
cheese Oh chica go yo what's poppin -
survives right here babe with the paper
to power on my yellow blazer I got my
polkadot shirt I got my secret and black
pants it's about an hour's drive to the
venue so we're gonna go can't wait to
see not at this still for an hour oh
yeah
challenge accepted to the show I'm very
excited to show what are you texting
what your expectation in our life
changing about or like that's exactly
what he has in fact exactly you're
listening and check it in your take
notes you know you didn't let me bring
my notebook I didn't say know what your
notebook we're here I am excited mental
Davi so excited excited huh oh great oh
snap oh snap oh my hair is curly brain
right now I got to poop I had to do it
like you like that thank you
and I mean I thought maybe meeting great
another show okay how's it going to crap
all right this is a bit tight but it's
all good Chicago you remember that show
this is I'll put it right there though
show number six or seven or your
birthday removing time today is Chicago
I'm so excited
is a sold-out crowd 605 people are you
ready to be about
dopes audience to cago I've been loved
it that's not a sign Colin now we're
gonna meet in Greece 605 people
best fans ever you know I'm talking
about this one I'm talking about my fans
they know what's up all this goodness
learn all this and the Spanish liquor
right here hold up look at all the best
friends ever
oil me I got my shampoo so many hair
ties I'm living thank you
I wasn't recording that whole time I was
talking for three minutes and none of it
got recorded so my name is Melvin boy
that was a really good show as long a
lot of fun Chicago you raise the bar way
I feel that's the hotel now some deep
dish pizza and sleep because I can wake
up in like four minutes
there we go over a thousand miles yeah
yeah that's a thousand points thank you
so much we have to go on sleep I'm going
to trial tomorrow hometown show wasn't
hectic in Berlin and two interviews
interviews interview straight to the
show strangely off recording free to
sleep as much as possible nine seven -
what's up surround home down comment
club was not a home town back in Brazil
yep she transferred in Brazil which is
an immigrant which came to him and when
she came to America which is settled so
that that's probably why they were so
nice to me because I do not oh thank you
home town on fire all right let's all
this time is 11:25 p.m. so when those
days were it's impossible to flee I'm
still be the pizza still going to happen
and that's clack like a nice feeling
good I feel like this all packed this is
how I can wake up exactly three minutes
before we have to leave Montana
boyfriend either I think I get up a
popgun my mom I'm like yeah into the car
I've maximized please get every flight
every car ride need sleep four times
right now you know well so three hours
and thirty minutes of sleep is about to
go down right now and that was crack
like in tomorrow did feel fun thing when
I lad is my favorite thing to do is my
favorite thing to do look at my
statements I get to go to the Indian
consulate
I love getting my visa for interviews I
love waiting in that line that's five
hours long and then telling someone what
I do and them not knowing anything about
you - I love it I know every person that
works in the Indian consulate in Toronto
every single one of them fine name and
know exactly actually give me a know
exactly the question and ask me and it's
just like Oh
necessary for a lot of places I'm going
so we're gonna do it with a smile on her
face because you know what be the
blessing and I'm so happy to be going to
India but the visa process not a fad
well let's go sit on the toilet
knowing that let's see how we do
tae-suhk will a not only is this like yo
this is my country look at this lovely
just like this is my blog lolly loves
Rangers to pounce Angela in love thank
you so much for joining me on today's
call we were in it I'm so excited few
hours in flying back to Toronto and lost
and going on Toronto I have a show
tomorrow all my friends and family are
coming and asked party with so much I'm
excited about next they're not something
going on at my school my ex school and
then the dancer that I have interviews
issues in the dance that have a signing
in grandma's a lot of fun things
happening and I can't wait I hope it's
not boring food okay so exciti telling
cuckoo coop if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe also is a huge
shoutouts to every single person who has
bought boss book my timeline is still
filled with everyone sending me pictures
of the book I loved seeing if you bought
it send me a picture use the hashtag
bounce book let me know what you think
and you can still get in book stores
online losing book calm tour tickets
early singles calm / tour I appreciate
all the support my
