you know those things on YouTube where
you're not sure if it's inappropriate or
appropriate I would like to show you one
of those here in Los Angeles California
a good mood it's a really great poop
today gotta go through my inbox there's
a lot of decks I have to go through as
in like PDS upper naps men I gotta make
some signs for the women's March
tomorrow have a glorious wonderful day
with all of you let's do it headbutt all
right I have pretty much finished
writing my script it's pretty good
because you're saying I do a lot of
relationship stuff because I feel like
it's most relatable and I've been a lot
said about me going to relationships and
first-person but this is about when your
friend goes through a breakup so
obviously I've made like breakups for
myself like when your friend goes to a
breakup it's a very unique experience
because you're like a passenger on the
wild roller coasters that's not working
out right now I think it's pretty funny
get this I am ready
30 minutes early the crew is here 30
minutes earlier but to shoot 30 minutes
hello it's me hello I love that you live
in my merch hey birthday girl Wow
we're matching dude what the hell Tommy
the sexiest crew I ever did see
oh that's not my shoulder any little
ducks on your shoulder all right you've
got it oh you got a damn bro index I
would do right there are you in color
then oh oh the camera can't even focus
on all your finest right there so you're
they don't know this right they don't
know this but we had a meeting the other
day about murder
dude
and I want to ask y'all we have a few
ideas you know in our brains in my
cerebral cortex over here I want to ask
y'all what excites you the most is a
pole right there quick there what do you
want to see pop sockets we want to see
backpack would you want to see pins and
patches underwear Oh
underwear bra just king there's only
four options daddy switch that or some
socks or underwear or bras will come
together that's a good cat you know
sports undergarment oh stop your
waistbands board module thing for Tata
poll let me know cuz I can make it
happen soon
what up y'all create some magic I'm
gonna be Jessica who's the friend that
is heartbroken
I'm also Lily who is for friend I'm
thinking we can just shoot like if I'm
in the driver's-side community there but
then we might want to get one shot where
it's fun or so they establish something
together right
Jessica's coming to work Jessica Jessica
what is wrong with your outfit situation
showing through my shirt it's okay
see the novels can I visit the end of
your rainbow Tony's a merch model now
here you've been a very bad girl missing
I'm here to take you away getting topic
going on in this household is a company
Wow I got my cuffs but that'll take
place off camera happy birthday to you
happy birthday to you so neat that happy
birthday do you learn bad about it yeah
you yeah we are disgusting human beings
especially you who randomly knows all
the words to big booty ho do you buy
your camera do you mean my camera that
you're holding yes
well probably not when the whole team is
so ratchet today I'd know we're just
doing ourselves day there's the videos
to give it points after the ramp but all
that later on Friday night but I have
mad work to do so I think I'm gonna
chill for a little bit and then get to
work out um I got so many things to do
you know those things on YouTube where
you're not sure if it's inappropriate or
appropriate if you like they're not
really breaking any rules but this
really feels kind of you know
inappropriate and creepy I would like to
show you one of those moments they'll be
enjoying vanilla bean ice cream me that
I'm over a team you can click the button
are you doing in the level okay eetz one
scoop of ice cream needs to take hot
shower
hey I want to say my skin be looking a
lot better these days I know you're
looking that's right now you like what
they've talking buddy look like a
Dalmatian but for me this is actually
better
I'm not gonna lie it's not cuz I'm
drinking water using that new face wash
so we'll see how this plays out I got my
pepper salsa
I'm so excited when you watch us today
we're going to the women's March in LA
I'm so excited just a bunch of Queens
bomb queens of their March and talking
about dope sign me up
sign me the F up right you know what I'm
talking about
you know what I'm talking about all
right this sang me down I mean up okay
send mad emails plan mad shoots after
Bank so many videos for go to Trinidad
so I'm just like two videos this day two
videos I said you get two videos you get
two videos two videos it's gonna be
crazy so worth it is 10:20 p.m. I'm so
tired right now which is great cuz I
have to wake up at 7 a.m. we're leaving
Moss a tape and women's March so I'm
gonna end the day here super super
successful super productive and let's
see how we did
when Lily God's please let me lie in bed
right now and be just as tired as I am
right now cuz already know I'm so tired
of a-line bed and I'd be like what is
the meaning of life don't do that to me
homie I was gonna get nude for my first
ever women's March and I'm so excited I
think I've said it I said that I think I
said it until then if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
you're also one more thing one of the
videos I'm planning wait for a wafer
wafer is a dance video I don't know if I
get too nervous or not but right now I'm
plotting a dance video and it's gonna be
an honor of Carnival Trinidad and Tobago
before I leave so keep your eyes peeled
for that little piece of magic or trash
whatever we'll see
