I woke up like this I woke up that is
what a future reference
good morning you know everything sort of
braiding my hair on one side where
doesn't fall properly anymore to the
side if you don't do this weird thing
just go back to bed
anyway good more in my face is they
don't look a bit dull today but it was
what was going on it's 11:30 woke up
about an hour and a half ago and what I
did is I wrote some notes first script I
made myself breakfast and I already did
an interview what we're going to do
today post-production fingers I'm going
to include single digits missing
subliminally breakfast gun do interview
did it now I'm going to have composted
something for his channel which we'll
learn more about momentarily after that
I have three interviews that I need to
do come home have an hour two weeks my
script and then I have like a five hour
video shoot we can try to record two
skits not the rap portions just to skip
portions through the round portions like
record on my own that I got it after
that email and I got to start signing
submission I know I've been saying that
by goddess start sighs image and then
the walking dead beside from all of that
what will I want on conversation I mean
everything well let me not just rush
because I'm blogging with me actually
think about this but don't worry
competently more than all those things I
enjoy them why do I make lists every
morning make lists to do this absolu
feel I'm enjoying every single goddamn
moment of today that's what I'm gonna do
for us together so we go make shoes or I
feel hurt and I already having to tell
my goddamn works got my jacket got Bay
on my heart yo I got dresses were
actually shot a teacher got an example
y'all look good here back we're there to
something for humbles music video right
now and her job I raise it it it's just
and still and not to I do like you know
I like if you account for all the
tasties about the f operator you know
here this is the same person that went
through the essence security machine in
the airport and there are a dance they
had to get searched extra because you
could have done so because you started
singing apparently nice thing that means
you have to dance no matter where you
are rough lines of award I started
reading you have to death it's almost
six shirts all these super woman want to
be very shirt
Elmo what are we doing today we're
shooting a freestyle video from bad
employee yeah yeah yeah yeah alright I
go yeah no we didn't make history doc we
just made history right now a what does
happen
I wonder if you hopefully chooses
Tuesday you'll prepare your pan to use
straight up family three bunnies back
home on a family trip two interviews my
not Alaska cooking soup hmm color I
don't think my son is pretty good on me
or anything good be straight yeah yeah I
want that you got it hard
okay oh my gosh alright finish the
interviews none of these glasses though
I love him we're headed back home you
some food and bites on my script all the
issues from here we can tuck done yo we
get some shut-eye a feelin y'all like
Holly great honey you just like blending
into the pelvis display portions to
videos know what soft that gold had that
Tin Man swag dough you know what it is
doesn't yellow black yellow you know
Yamaha one eyebrows flag which you know
about me doing my tracksuit
I led you must woman indeed that's a
wrap on video what video through here we
go let's go let's go again
play something on open my fellow
Americans
alright catch up trip get it get it get
it get it in Prague here we go Cheers be
honest with your review tastes like a
ketchup on a french fry chuckling guys
do we like it I can tell you I can like
it turning it over your zoning welcome
to Canada try ketchup chips great from
Canada the exact fish what does no
actual ketchup on it so it's dry but
it's needs like ketchup skill
suppose sweet with you and your we like
it yet your hand is in the bag in no no
you're like you know like
no out of 10 rating here we go 6 out of
10 my favorite chips are the pizza
Pringles - Wow hater this is why y'all
have from hello there internet you know
Lilly always do this and the gadgets and
evolving and they WWE and I say gee
golly what and to be laugh get friends
that don't just do things but do things
super and unnecessary such as making
your prize say super before you cook
them just because boom this guy is
leaving tomorrow
he told us a hundred times but neither
of us realized it was tomorrow and
epping up the whole wad Raina we need to
roll the rug without the rug really roll
the rug out yeah not lie inside nothing
yet the hell where you at now we're
gonna be the EV another binds up the
line we're taking the bus and we're
moving the vibe we're literally gonna
see him in five days on tour because
he's going to be friggin actual front
row center right here we don't know you
know what she told me when I said oh my
goodness yes say what I told you and I
would say like keep it you can come to
the show you don't get a piece because
everybody else think you know what I
said I said it's because we're gonna get
bombarded and you steal my goddamn
spotlight 9 about that it's time for the
walking dead girl actually rewind don't
know it's time for Lulu
did you see 16 CD series under Ola it is
2:00 a.m. the hustle was real today shot
two skips today sure everybody was
humble this morning went to all my
emails is not one monopoly deal one two
games of ping-pong against not a
flossing and tumble for one against not
a very productive a ice cream sandwich
need some french Frizzles yo kill the
game also all my wigs in vacuum-sealed
ziplock bag so I'm kind of killing it
right now and cooler on the toilet also
got my temporary driver's license
because I lost that way back when so
good luck with them
thank you for joining meeting enemy on
my deck you couldn't do anything else I
appreciate you all watching my vlog if
you do watch them and thank you so much
tomorrow I got a busy deal of not a
digit today I have a little bit easier
time working on my tour creative which
by the way you want tickets for that
issue loosing book.com slash tour is
where things get them from my friend
cuddle oh let me know action this would
be an interesting experiment you stop
right now comment below everything I
want to do let me know where you are
from in the world where are you watching
this law from you cheers to know and I
got some interviews around there stuff
to do tomorrow so that's what poppin
button telling us Cooper Boop
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I want the two things really
quickly one Jerome Jarre freaking he's
the man he's a man if you haven't heard
of all amazing things he's been doing
ghost talk about Twitter that guy's so
inspirational for him love second thing
this whole thing with YouTube and lgbtq+
community I just wanna let y'all know I
support that to me I think you're
resilient and beautiful and diverse and
you got my support setting much love
maybe
