cuz you bump off on off on off your
bucket open open up like a dump truck
horn up another breath good morning the
time is 11:11 make a waste just kidding
don't work for it
make it happen wishes don't come true
working hard makes things come true just
saying was that negative was meant to be
was meant to be motivational I feel so
much better than last night if you watch
our blog yesterday you know I went to
sleep feeling a hot SMS I genuinely
think I've seen asleep I'd made myself
breakfast how to shake how to egg
sandwich feeling good here's what we're
gonna do today whole fresh fingers
first and foremost I'm going to write a
script or two to visible one I'll be
happy with but that's what I do right
now in my writing room was not a kind of
fixed up for me because I have a shoe
finger what's after that I have a shoe
at some point I need to wash the dishes
someone needs to wash dishes I mean I I
suppose in Washington some boys wash the
dishes but also work but washin dishes
because my dish is like I'm running out
of everything my dishes piling up the
sink and then I want to roll up my new
rug I do have to write more scripts for
tomorrow as well so a lot of work and
emails I know every day they genuinely
need to make up the past few days and
then sign some ish besides Mulva I
always take care of myself physically
injured yesterday I was not feeling
great munching lots of water I've lost
two weeks by good foods and drinks for
myself that doesn't mean I want to pop
or skills I mean the addition to those
things I'll have other things before we
get started though let me address
something real quick in my previous vlog
I what's wrong with the audio I'm wrong
with you I'm a moron the mic is right
here where is it haha it's a great just
when I hold the camera certain way I
cover the mic and I don't realize
because I can actually see the mic so
I've ordered something off Amazon that's
a little fuzzy thing that alex has on
his camera that will let me know that's
gonna be a few days so bear with me it's
not the camera it's me covering the mic
and not realizing it let's go write a
script alright let me show you my
temporary writing room this is what I'm
going to write and read scripts because
I can't do that with other people in my
office after being alone and then
sunshine so the perfect combination this
is a so far ensues when you dad
there's create I'm gonna so fun here I'm
going to get like huge white board and
this walls gonna be covered with a pop
art wall mural is in the mail and I got
some cool things coming to finish this
is a temporary situation
let's get Josh one script down
one to go with two hours to go with
perfect communication two hours to write
a script but hold on we interrupt this
program to tell you we are gathered here
today to remember an important member of
TLP that was murdered brutally by this
man right here this man right here
humble would you like to do it would you
like to okay it's emotional I'm sorry
for dropping you and you served as well
may you rest in peace with the PLP cup
and with your bigger bowl brother a
small ball and broken I think a moment
yeah
Oh
okay that's alright scripts done the
one-and-a-half scripts one complete
script and then one spit portion of one
skit not the ramp portion cuz I think I
can do the rant on my own it's really
really good I'm really happy the
exposure on this is Matt Bryant was
because it's just my natural aura
beaming out maybe maybe maybe we'll go
get rid of my mustache now and pretty
script Lego he's gonna be here any
minute so has gone back home to Portland
Oregon wherever that is I don't have a
cell today on set but records shows I
don't need to break this is like a tube
of information about me second I don't
have someone there that I'm used to
having like was an assistant or whether
it's like someone on my team something
amigos time to level up and now I'm like
okay 2.0 32 point I thought that's the
way to unleash the Lu 2.0 bonus that
disadvantage me somehow and then
suddenly I can level up up like I got
the scripts printed at the slay here -
all the wigs laid out that I mean I've
been positioned where all the characters
are going to be sitting so that we can
save time and not have to match up
whatever it is here come on
right come on I five enemy to make you
bleed like that but you're so beautiful
no I'm saying question for you is your
favorite character like when we learn
the song okay yes we are like in life in
life it was just a picture
well medicine loves me it's just well we
have to pick one what really you guys
like Melinda memory is when Jesus number
it's number two for me my lenders number
one yelling saying you know I like me
some snow place you know little snow
white
no I'm saying okay look I'm Penelope I
could be a son you can say and the
skinny nonsense
okay well I'm big not matching on you
mean nothing I mean nothing yeah I have
eyes the money my eyes I can have
anything I think Adam please
okay we're breaking up silver silver I
do I'm leaving moving on by today's
video we shot was so goddamn hard five
imaginary characters align the 180 to
everything there was those toughest was
just two videos today was all one gun
but it's okay Monday Theo is done to my
other again tomorrow with Archie to
my needs a bank ten more lesson videos
for going for and hey fans god damn
oh man what are you doing tell me please
tell me now tell that you say Mario well
gamer thing is Mario run I'm not proud
of that I just downloaded it I literally
have spot the full version which I'm on
a refund consumer Thank You bird you
know when I was younger my mom used to
buy something special while grocery
shopping is so exciting she's still so
special now I know what it feels like I
brought home a special treat and not on
humble were over the goddamn moon you
over any color you like you balance it
down and I was just staring there
besides like I'm such a good mother
father whatever the f
mama here is fun oh my god guess what we
are doing after so long
holy crap Tintin didn't considered an
incident in fitted insensitive engine
fitted engines not to brag but this is
the current situation here nada nada
nada obviously that I got works in ping
pong and no to be dead shut up one
obviously a melon a through ball more
clouds on a watery much now and rather
was equated with these final hours of
now mark my words and we can never
display what game we're all so goddamn
competitive separately what game lacing
once again we have not unrolled the rug
84 years later we will yes god damn do
it you didn't know that what the hell
got up with us put the beam here Lily
but we're done for 84 years later we did
not know what that I didn't even it's
been 80 I know but you didn't know those
already did all kind of the funny thing
I picked up on the street
oh my god you have been disowned for my
life yes please go home please go home I
have all gone
okay yes it's over beer of course is
over we're going to me like that you
mean also we claimed three games of
monopoly on that one
yeah just give me like 24 hours yeah
okay I like quail ma no it's fine I mean
listen you can't not everyone can you
get everything just I can separate
running or jumping or eating healthy or
duty to the 34 whole activities - well
what's cooking good-looking my an ID
says I'm a snoozer corn yeah it's an ID
msg so if I know I've mentioned a lot
but I'm gonna say it again
tickets encounter pretty much sold up
for my torso the one place I have a few
more tickets in Vancouver and yo I'm so
excited to go to Vancouver because I
actually love Vancouver had the pleasure
of going there quite a few times and
every time I'm so so excited
speaking of which you are five random
facts about Vancouver number one aside
from New York and Emily Vancouver is the
largest Center for film production in
North America Govan City number two
Vancouver Aquarium ranks in top five
aquariums in the world
I'm Benghazi underdog suits number three
Vancouver can have a massive earthquake
at any time up to eight points on the
Richter scale because of a fault line it
lies on number four the cosmetic
treatment Botox was created in Vancouver
number five although it is called
a California roll and the name implies
from California the California roll was
actually invented in Vancouver by a chef
named chef hide kazoo hide kazoo hide
echoes ooh mmm
this was my mine cool or whatever I
don't not anymore
could you just learn five new things
boom also fun bonus fact my first meet
and greet ever was in Vancouver so you
want to meet me in Vancouver no tickets
also write a loose and book calm slash
whore that shut laundry done moo-stache
big eyebrows did bringing Pyongyang
signs image did not but look elite women
diamond top - really what a goddamn
productive day wrote one half scripts
shot one video went through my emails
did my laundry not no the big one washes
dishes I was also big one just like for
these dishes and they're made of elastic
like for terrsies to get done a lot of
done tomorrow is going to be another
shoot day actually - I have four
interviewing morning and then I
have I might help promise you something
and then I have about eight five six
hours shoot myself
- hopefully shoot two videos the might
be one I don't know I got some
crack-a-lackin' and tomorrow's also no
more you do it never it's like a dope
episode supposed to be so my paintings
on me in a bun
wedding tell them if you like it
subscribe if you like it so good I just
want to take a moment to say not to
promote anything not the book not the
tour nothing to say I hope you had a
great day if you're just starting your
day I hope you have a wonderful day
I don't even hope I encourage you to
create that day for yourself because we
can hope and dream and wish but yo it's
only happen if you make it happen you
don't wish for things you make things
happen
remember that enjoy your day conquer
today creates your date
