it's 8:06 a.m. and I'm not in my bed
good morning I look about 30-40 minutes
ago I have a meeting at 8:30 which
hopefully I'm not gonna be a mommy like
six months late for now but it is so
early and I'm like look this mood it is
your first value brand new because who
I'm kidding they totally random by me
and I said yes because I've cancelled it
from yesterday because I want to go to
breakfast can also this is my situation
of being paid with karma just to Italy
to form sentences but today is a Friday
today turn on I need to kind of start
making up for all the time I've been
digging off from Trinidad all the way
till my parents have been here so for
the next little bit it's gonna be
gullible and not global where my ghost
let's take a break for two hours no old
school and I'm old school back to beast
mode really that works for five hours
straight with no break she's about to
return right now I'm a bit sleepy in
about 30 minutes she's about to return
because we got to get a spot in for
possible to have something this is we're
doing I got a meeting with Chris and
Sarah right now then I got an interview
on the phone and then I'm shooting a
collab with Rudy which I'm very excited
about we're supposed to do something for
my channel and his and then we're just
going to history because I drink it's
time for our script last night and give
myself a platform that will reschedule
after that I was all my emails and I got
write two scripts for readerships
tomorrow so a whole lot of goddamn work
I should probably start signing some
issues I don't know that I'm gonna try
to not be the devil for the next 30
minutes because I'm not a morning person
and every time people talk to me the
first like hour of me waking up I'm not
very nice
to be honest so let's wake up to some
wind Khalifa here we go w me Legos me so
much goddamn track water honey really
low hurry
whatcha gonna do no finish my meeting
I'm literally starting it's 10:30 I
interviewed 1130 than ever shoot I'm so
hungry for puking I don't know what
would come out because it's not because
I didn't go home but it's amazing there
we go so I have great news I found my
she's actually much later in the day and
I thought it was I'm not feeling good I
feel my stomach flu so I had puking
cause I remember last night so I thought
I thought it was way too much and now I
think to some hungry I actually feel
sicker than that it's not that Ralph's
real quick to get some crucial grocery
items I'm gonna actually eat something
proper and not have to order something
because I thought mice not doing too
good right now opening a pimple right
here I will persevere the minion pajamas
and put on
I'll call we do from bedtime six hour
and a half two hour nap because my
stomach is after I'm tired
so quite 7:30 I deserve it I'm okay also
had a Reese's Butter Cup all right over
my nap I need to crystal get really I'm
still not feeling on because I'm better
kill dizzy and weird but I'm going to
survive this shoot with Rudy because I
love Rudy he's hilarious and so we're
gonna do that let's go I have a rule it
doesn't matter how tired you are what
you're feeling like when you work lab
with someone give him 100% because when
I'm clad with people I want them to be
excitable my ideas so I'm really excited
I decided I'm snapping out of it nothing
out of it I'm fine I'm not liking this I
think I'm overwhelmed because my parents
left not all the workers filing off on
me and so my natural response is to shut
down but no I will not shut down I will
see the obstacles I'm going to do this
climb hundred and ten percent I come
home mother has a beast mode on
somewhere because that's what I said I
was going to do and I'll just say things
for fun I say them cuz imma do them so
here we go Rudy I'm coming for you to
spin no to everyone in the future i clap
with you need to have Indian food when I
come here like Rudy did I don't know
this guy so how are you I'm great you
guys want some food at all this food and
he's mildly handsome Marv no give it
we're having the time we're to the club
what is it even come up next week Dan I
think we good we rode together right now
because he makes teamwork make the dream
work
make me sick listen see catchers you
guys how am i good this life is good you
can't wear clothes I can yeah you think
whatever you are mother ruler where is
she so many things Mazzone can we talk
about this pimple of exploding on my
face right now it hurts so goddamn much
and Rudy has to be staring at it the
pass I'm so sorry the simple is
exploding by the second and you have to
stare at it it is bothering me also
Oh booyah a one to ten how hard my
simple ten being like damn that's hot
like you want to hit you want at bat
he's a minute no look it's not a
personality I know I don't know oh
my gosh guys together that's okay you
guys do W individuality is completely
fine yes no no was a boy here okay what
up Chris will prove me I named my
pimples I suppose Peter no Peter does
not die in the Hunger Games
he just was always there and survived
somehow that's my temple that's good
whoever oh good are you like not nervous
in science on a lot hate really so bad I
why did you tell me we're not done this
I never know what to do it was like okay
there's my face I'm handsome hello
Hawaii he's very humble very yo just
going to show you with Rudy it is 7:30
I'm gonna get some ice cream from Ralph
because until humble I would have a
brief Evers of Evers making some dinner
because I think he's having a rough day
but I don't want to pry for how good a
friend and you know I'm kidding I got my
pickle some ice cream and a lot of work
to do when I get home so let's go home
also minor you don't rudy is so funny
and so awesome and I had a great time
shooting with them I think it's adorable
what I've loved you too shy I'm like you
I horrible and you're showing fabulous
my god I'm such a god Rama dolphin
grocery shopping twice today got food
for my family now I'm heading home to
make a meal who Elvira clothes there's a
guy had a beard on my face earlier I
guess I don't know and possibly still
right now it might not be makeup
whatever
no no what I said about coming home
another person because that are going to
be smart another choice I'm dying I can
I'm really I went to Spain something
wrong with me nada nada something wrong
with me I'm assuming I'm getting cancer
alive we're gonna fix it
what's happening to me
I need a bit by a walker okay nothing
more exciting alive you I doubt my inner
trump audio 64 shut up number one on my
your users and on my Union had two
different ones show you oh my god Wow
did I let go is my name can you can you
see that la loi
f ing age Wow oh you're my saying gold
ones come on
I was that beautiful stop dude Oh bright
it's done by race up this is showing in
wonderful everybody for these ones I
designed by yeah yeah right wow I
finally have my old in years cuz I read
I do so level is it whose neck ones who
sit my ear perfectly Oh form is level
one is perfect
sometimes you're like you got to fail
from the hot tub for 10 minutes my body
feels a little bit better now sighs
looks sick right now that's not the
point
- I was so hyped in the car be like imma
go home go briefs mo and I got home and
the only other times ever felt like this
was during tour in India and I was
diagnosed with exhaustion like just
meeting like dehydration exhaustion so
finishing some water get a good night
sleep I think I have a lot in a proper
goodness about 7:30 this morning and
every day that my family was here the
kids start crying at 6:00 so maybe I'm
just like actually exhausted everybody's
just functioning that me which whatever
kind of a little bed it's like 11:00
p.m. i'ma go to bed and wake up tomorrow
and write some scripts for my shoot that
I've tomorrow I shoot two videos
tomorrow and two on Sunday at all so
that's what I'm gonna try to do and
sometimes you gotta fail and today I
share all the left ok I accept that I
take the else as a dicker l but tonight
I bounce back on mattress in bed
tomorrow - tomorrow we go beast mode
I'll do it EF let's go sit on the toilet
so I stopped great thanks for joining us
today
also of the fYI screen check out my
Twitter also communes as well you can
pretty much completely sold out in terms
of my pork I'm adding some tickets to
some of the shoulder cooling 50 tickets
I handle tickets I'll tweet about it
when they actually go on Phil's can and
also pretty much sold out except in
judicial tickets in Vancouver Calgary
stolen Toronto folders also get your
tickets idiomatic story because they're
gonna sell
as we feel very humble to say but I
appreciate all their fellows well go
ahead and if interested in cheering a
1-hour motivational TED talk on how to
be about and yeah let's just crack it I
can tell tomorrow if you like it
subscribe if you like it's a grunt
I'm literally the queen of getting
bruises and cotton on knowing where they
come from my legs are shaved don't judge
but like look at this ginormous scratch
on my leg I'm just like I have no idea
where that came from my knee hurts so
badly do I just like be myself of all I
sleep I have no idea they didn't
secretly creasy when I sleep and I'm
like battle in the world that makes a
lot of sense that's what it is about oh
my god I'm amazing
