and day to day to day to day 3 what time
it is 955 955 which is still pretty
early but very late compared to the last
two days I've been waiting I woke up
about 45 minutes ago I took a shower
cream of our team about speaking and now
we're heading to a photo shoot for two
magazine I can't tell you what they are
for the two very clarity covers I want
to do that and then here you we shall
not comment I would get so excited when
the vlog starts I don't know what to say
get so excited it's exactly the back
bring about change what we're gonna do
today here's today's mission we're gonna
show we're going to rewatch we're going
to go shoot two magazine thingamabob is
what we're doing right now and then
weather all the way to New Jersey to do
our signing after that I might go chill
with some cool people or might sleep I
haven't decided yet but I got a lot of
email to check write very enthusiastic
as you can see a lot of emails check and
then I want to get an early night and
we're going to be the possum in on two
people I think four or five hundred but
aside from all of that I'm hungry and I
want to eat some flip Cup okay they're
gonna make me a pretty person on goodbye
goodbye goodbye goodbye kidding I'm
beautiful the way I am but I'm going to
get my hair and makeup done and I'm
feeling good because I got more than
three hours of screwballs real muscle
fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion
fashion fashion fashion fashion fashion
styles yes what's up are you having the
best day of your life Fionna yes
all right guys Cygnus this is an
impromptu haircutting session for Lilly
Singh I never thought this day would
come
we are here I am thrilled goodbye rat
tail what it's part of my body while
their mother for that matter yeah that's
the sense comment right shiny hands well
it was painting your insides look like
right now ready we're ready all right by
the way I felt about this much to get
all the length of hair and oh my god
this is the best day of my life I'm
taking you with me yes ah so pretty this
book on onna this is the weaves I've
always been asking for guys how do I
look
the next golden ticket winner you win we
are on the first outfit I don't think
it's Chris Louis first choice for an
elephant but it was definitely my first
or an elephant seal applause make using
Columba can you speak speak best day in
my life
so dumb so dumb so dumb so go
I've been terrible I'm logging with a
number of looks ever since so it's going
to inspire me from this white pants but
here's an extra leg okay Lily I like
you're always like moment like oh hey
all right we finally finished the fair
compromise champagne and raspberries and
then you know it's a lily shoot Wow
alright I am done that she was a hard
should I've ever done in my life it was
so outside of my comfort zone I was like
really high fashion I'm like what is
this what am I wearing
who is this how do I move in there as
well but I was like like this but now
we're heading to target is obviously my
book out on display in a very sorry but
let them know I'm on target right now
how much go see if my book is here does
that mean or what let me
yes a book looking in the moon every
shelf dr. Larry shut up my book and I
already chopped yo yo you shut up oh
forget over John ah only a target bonus
exclusive content extra chapter boom
boom pow right bookend the New Jersey
and sorority screaming how do you even
know I'm in the car what another brown
person I love you so much
no you love her so much when you knew if
you are a white blazer than 10 seconds
with everyone what you did it anyways I
love you so much what's your name and
we're in New Jersey and we love the
shirt I can't stop watching Lily
the photo I ruined your jacket my jacket
hey Lenny coolest ever also eaten kid
room chop my main people tease and I
smell that bathroom looks beautiful so
you guys ought to be a best was
wonderful gifts ever I love you so so
much different Emily Emily favorite
candy is Twizzlers nibs how can you guys
get it so as you see some when you come
to be me on TV double double kids
because she loves wizards
so much or chip or Ferrari you decide
okay if you want you'll have to but she
likes Twizzlers so if you're getting at
skittles I have something skills get her
Twitter nibs guys are too nice to now
asking you okay what you have lovely
owners by the way I'm looking so
vomiting so wonderful sore organized I
appreciate so much what'd you just say
we just had a fantastic couple hours
with lily and she received so much
accolade and so much stuff really nice
thing people baked goods people brought
our gifts it was fantastic anyone ever
see the most gifts they've ever seen
team super I'm tiny person to the best
actually less to the best you're the
best
I told you the best these are the fact
the fact okay what's going on I'm back
in my hotel room I'm pretty tired my
jacket
RIT whereas I dry-cleaned it's all good
I met today 520 people which is way more
than what supposed to be but people are
coming it was amazing and I loved it it
was so cool books remember so cool the
books for people were so cool and now I
didn't order to do but sama just wash my
face and took a shower yeah yeah don't
think now I'm going to pack this room
with me a mission to practical I'm so
happy to be leaving this hotel kudos
broke up no room service after 10 I know
sounds really ungrateful but like when
you're on tour you need room service on
cetera mic showers still doesn't work
now and it's dark as well I need some
light up in the Joella path and then I'm
going to get an early night and get as
much sleep as I can because that's what
tour life is about alright I'm all
packed up I still got a few more things
to pack in the morning but I need like
bags and it was of a some stuff in
Kyle's suitcase is that something good
for tonight I feel like it was a very
productive day before I go to bed after
I deserve long I'm going to also check
some emails so let's see how I did today
super successful day thank you for
joining me on today's we are leaving in
the morning we're flying to Minneapolis
so by the time you're watching this
hopefully if Wi-Fi and everything
cooperates by the time you're watching
this it will be Minneapolis days can
take a little bit in the Mall of America
so tell them if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe know I am pleased
to say that all US tour dates are
officially sold out
opium all America forgive me for long
time endure a little bit off as well
with the traveling the Wi-Fi through a
difficult but you can still buy tickets
for international territories the link
is in the description buy that book it's
available almost everywhere love you
