today maybe odds being everyone favor
good morning the time is 11:40 a.m. I
woke up about an hour ago I didn't
interview a better ready today is either
going to be amazing or horrible but
either way we're going to feel all of
our emotions and be grateful here's what
we gotta do today ready brace yourself
do interview or you did it I gotta write
a script right now I have about two
hours to do that I'm gonna do that first
I'll make some breakfast then I'm going
to write my script and then and ask
Superman lot
it needs to go well we'll talk more
about the bathroom life after that I
have a video shoot for next video
because my week ahead and then hopefully
some chilling and relaxing
we'll see besides all of that I decide
today I'm going to be positive but if I
get upset because of a scope of my stuff
I'm just going to feel it I want to feel
all of my emotions and being tune with
all of my emotions there's no life oh
really it's okay just keep going on and
smile and no because I can tell you
right now I'm super when my does not go
well and we'll be annoyed I will be
upset and I will feel all of that and
that is okay because a few lives as far
as in the bane of my existence and I've
done everything possible to trying to
make it work well today I have all my
ducks in a row and for some reason those
ducks decide to run away it's not going
to be good maybe I'll be everyone's
favorite or a super will there be
positive tonight I'm confident it's
going to go well but if it doesn't there
will be no face mile on this day so
we'll we don't think all right let's go
eat some breakfast what could be looking
at 1 p.m. of this new camera I forgot my
facebook site without the screen being
all asked us why did clarify something
real real quick there's a lot of
confusion around my tours I thought
break it down for you
so I'm going on tour boss book tour a
lot of people asking like are we buying
tickets to have you sign a book no my
book tour is not just signing I who have
three events that are just signing you
don't have to pay for a ticket for those
signs you have to reserve a ticket so
that you have a spot in line for any
event of mileage used to buy a ticket -
it's because you're not just getting a
sighting you're getting a show it's
going to be a one-hour
head talk style comedic show with me in
a venue on a stage so even though in
most cases the ticket includes the book
you're actually also paying for the show
and meeting me and whatever else all the
details with obviously all the shells
are different are in the description of
where you're gonna buy tickets so if
you're computerizing just go to where
you were going to buy tickets and there
should be ascription watch your ass you
paying for no one is buying a ticket to
simply get a book and possibly me I'm
not charging people to meet me just name
it is over the show there's a show
element so that's what the tour is to
clarify chill wi loosing book.com slash
torch to give you the information if you
take on your specific city or region of
the world that'll clarify if you have
any more questions please feel free to
comment below I'll try my best to answer
them it's a bit more complicated because
there's different territories and
different book rules and all the stuff
but no we're getting a show so don't
feel like you are paying for that you're
getting show a show will happen
obviously come on come on guess what I
just did my new maximum effing moment
everybody shut up shut up you champ
okay every shut up I just started into
the stories I know how you monitor your
photos tell your father children to cut
it off look at this sound guy the perb
treading into all facets of my lives we
asked to provide a lot of faith in us
today dirty a lot of faith how about you
what system is this setup we got here
I'm a Mike with my treasure my flute
Ranger the mic right there
we got the whole setup poppin off
hopefully you bring with you me and
everyone mother every favors of this
doesn't work every single person's
getting beheaded with no last word we
just have an act super my life with no
hair it's a good clothes
Ya Allah is it like a lot really did you
like it hope you liked it down some of
the poet for being a book I think all of
us god damn almost drop this new camera
yeah I'll Chinese lipstick plate kind of
like it pink unis all this sunshine
right here okay
okay just you cameras right okay but
record some videos right now because the
hustle so flexible live and yes is
killing the game journalism alright Tony
I'm asking some questions you ask as
fast as you can okay don't be nervous
okay so good ready it ready favorite
cereal horse wash but placed about just
like very good pop or down right away
 you or yellow low you dare night oh
nice lacquer right-to-left
favorite thing about me you're so
hard-working oh yeah lead to everything
my boobs like the rule is to say which
one word to describe results-driven give
me one word your friends would you
subscribe you quiet crying okay very
handy so save a drink oh okay baby
alcoholic beverage here and we're going
with liquor then okay cotton candy
popcorn all poplin southport
sweet or salty soft board skull feel the
way I'll see all the way okay okay and
the favorite person you better work
forever
you listen
this is when Obama was telling my
daughter
heyy credit ham monkey oh
when a superwoman life goes up yeah
we're so tired with the time change
now I hit Silurian I'm like this is my
profession tell one thing it's a fancy
one two of them were like the foldable
HDD orange and I screech that with when
that's a lotta where does that's a real
time not a good job here your do or not
are you
your doer uncle is also a okay talk to
her she looks better than ever
correct yes humble Bobby this shirt
because you know they live long boy sir
because that's all I were so you got me
the shirt yeah he freaked out well it
wasn't pretty paid for a book for me
yeah hates me kids we continue today
when they walked in one by one being
carried like because I came on like 10
p.m. a way past their bedtime so one by
one thing I carried into it so you pick
a copy shoes I love kids shoes like I
swear that I don't want to be a parent
by any means like right now why see kids
shoes are like oh I would buy 700 of
these shoes if I had a kid so much more
in cute my weak spot for sure I should
buy some in Rome independent or pop in
so I wear my head to keep my braids
staying fresh and crisp every single
night for at least a week so you I don't
want to do my every week doesn't stop
when really tomorrow fees or anything is
the current second draft day in LA they
are reading on Thursday we should look
like a time flies who asks why wouldn't
I go to the date and we are see however
such I wasn't feeling well today so
that's how she's doing a how kids are
feeling they were covered from division
hospital plan for tomorrow gorge beach
some kind of relaxation day everyone
knows I have a day off off oh I'm
horrible but I was going on in telling
yo hoping you had a wonderful day thank
you joining in my date successful asks
ago and I did what good did you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
ah
in your message man know you're here
before tickets for tickets almost all of
the IP tickets are sold out there's so
much confusion still around the tour I'm
trying my best to clarify there is a
show with the tour tickets are on sale a
lot of pieces are sold other in Seattle
is sold out three other Americans see so
that all the UK so I'll post something
more up-to-date we make
