that new camera flow down good morning
the time ago is real early in cycle
times occur but it's my age it's like 9
9 is 1/9 of the develop like an hour ago
I took a shower keep my body through my
makeup look at me I'm all point you know
what happened today let me tell you
what's happening to let me go ahead
follow us so pretty excited let me tell
you post-production fingers first and
foremost I'm sorry eating my breakfast
cuz the only really good I thought I
missing a video for my channel with who
on the Power Rangers from the upcoming
Power Rangers and freaking die you don't
wash your car intercept RJ and Becky you
can be the Genji I know it's G I always
say J because I fix and 7gr over to you
and after that we have a meeting for us
to fall in line and then after pick up
some I pick up to my audio book the fact
about that I'm a freaking back and on
the to fire rate is your eyes were
coverage from 1993 from the green range
turned into the white ranger and I was
like oh I'm very excited what she just
made a yeah Callie excited is there
excitedness yes can we get an instant
replay on that music video style
let's go shoot may sound I don't I
genuinely asked him which one you like
the best
I swear it did I not I didn't tell you
was really which one did you pick I
think that one
oh you pick knowledge what you up to
carry me to my new year Lupe is being a
wonderful judgment and other experience
I think I'm you a lot I'm happy for we
kids RJ new Ranger I am Granger outdoor
that's blue in Portuguese oh really yeah
well nobody's a not going to do them
much as okay sometimes I forget it I'll
be like okay for your Cola for shooting
video how horrible for you I'll be
having some compliments or to hometown
oh no it's actually really really fun
actually I didn't mess up a couch I know
I'm sorry special place in my heart
this is the definition of when a
relationship is like most Co ugly really
pretty girlfriend oh well you say all
the right things babies for they all
right know who it is my sister I follow
safety cam no my cousin so large sperm
is kind of cute it was I mean I dress
like a man so its awfull we just
finished shooting is awesome she asked
about a long time going up at me and I
knew like speaking yeah it doesn't fact
have the good hair good yeah I do to be
honest right now they're leaving me stab
superstar thing to do first of many and
out how sick is this sick so sick how
long have been of that is nigh oh love
the base I decided I catch my breakfast
in the mornings like someone she's a
little morning okay power and I'm saying
to handle a woman you know I'm saying
the participative Cecilia my vision
right and that's all rap just it was the
cool things ever done in my life with
that damn through the damn Power Rangers
all like oh my patella coroner on a
random in the back these flowers
randomly match my walkie on the game or
pooping I'm way to work like I was
cookin good-lookin look at his sunshine
we love it is really hot in LA right now
my supposed to work with coincidence
whether a producer with a lot of
producer feed upstairs or Lisa pick up
for my audio book I also just try to
throw some basketball my last stuff
which is by pen washings today happening
today
on the 14th now I'm being a jerk about
it because we're trying to prep and
you're like okay no organs exactly like
how it's going to be where we live
through because I heard you know I don't
care for mature and you retest a
thousand dollars guess of everything as
someone being like this being my sister
is right and then you know in a weird
gesture such a dull look at my smells
gonna happen here
moments with Georgia so what did you
think I thought I laugh I hate that you
found a what a real fire again a real
fire fighter jet yeah it's real it's
real yeah are you sure
wait wait where did you go thank Anna
the Science Center yeah and what did you
do this boopie it for the fun why is
that boy yeah you might enjoy tell me
what did you buy one come on I bet yeah
me and I give you buy an airplane you
too spoopy that is very good that's very
good I also did poopy I didn't Ruby
paint you yeah that's a great side just
a happy about it
I think it will be all day I don't think
it's gonna fit does this fit open a hole
adjust the hole adjusting for swimming
here when your heads too big oh yeah oh
I feel pretty goddamn cool right now
what up just sitting on my roof click on
smart off like I'm 19 years old by the
way 19 is a legal drinking age in Canada
it's all you Americans will be judging
me right now thinking about an underage
ring because not thank y'all my roof
right now thinking about life I just a
lot I think about life a lot I think
about my life a lot I think about what I
can improve what things have done wrong
things I've done right reasons I love
myself I try to talk myself through
things going on a lot of thoughts and
stuff trying to mentally prepare myself
for tour try to think about just
everything my life pause reflect
evaluate one of those moments sun
shining some both go down think this
even I'm gonna watch movies my parents
today I got yes you're done and
systematic a lot of stuff we record a
one chapter of my audio books until my
emails I have to write a script before I
sleep but I'm pretty good I'm
pretty sure I'm gonna make a list of
things that will make my life a little
smoother and a little less stressful
because I feel like most rushing and I
feel like I'm always like waking up but
as soon as I wake up I get to work and I
don't really have any we have off time
for the chills my friend like knee time
that time whereas my brain can just be
like you know I can do nothing it's okay
so right now for example I have lost
time I take those times but right now is
one of those times now I'm gonna just
enjoy it select on life whew sky I'm in
the sky that we go this this this that
is pretty much sleeping already and this
is happening with this no other every
was it was like when I was younger
listen to stories a mommy to sing me the
song used to make beats on the table
using this song Tina's gonna help us
sing it mom's definitely the way cuz I
forget the words of that
you know missing his girls dodging that
second generator yummy I bet you're
already five six seven that it was a
girl and it was minis and it was
illegally things he play with Johnny he
play with water she died a body couple
walls it was a girl but it was Billy
suddenly anything to play with
oh no it's not to make her conference
someone asked me a question was i safe I
think because she Shuster up I was like
girl your hope that if they could she
like well I design clothing if I thank
you somewhere you me shadow and I'm like
hell yeah let me give a shout out right
now she's I'm disagreeing and the sick
top Alex Malay bastard am alex68 my
solace to go I appreciate you all so I
would like to announce I believe nada
and I were completely time before the
vaudeville is 39 percentage guys
Shadwick sick over six thousand volt 39
percentage booter top select oh what's
cookin good-lookin some coconut oil on
my face and washed it time is midnight I
have an interior 11 I don't get me like
a solid 9 hours sleep while is a
jam-packed date before I tell you about
that
turn it talk with Lily I am going to go
to bed yes tomorrow I have interviewed
11 after that I ever read a script after
that I have a superb line after that I
have a video shoot but then for the rest
of my parents winging for a few more
days then I have a beach day with them
after that so that's a story for
tomorrow as for right now you want to
check out my new video it did come out
yesterday's called as my body could talk
to increment description if you want to
get tickets to my tour using book.com
slash tours they can go on a pure to my
books are using book clubs where you can
go for that you know what's poppin
whoa whoa whoa until tomorrow oh my god
what does my lesson if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe also
when you're watching this like right now
right now right now in a few hours ask
people the live is happening at
youtube.com slash we think was when Jeep
and buttons these and so many people are
like how you gonna get them all the same
praying I'm like nobody said anything
about
same frame homie when you can bottoms
easily will be there for an hour 3 p.m.
PST loosing the memory in channel
YouTube a confession seems we can go go
go go go go
