have you had like your caffeine for the
day you're feeling like mentally sharp
productivity live here also whenever
InFocus until now good morning good
evening good afternoon I hope you're
having a splendid day my morning
consisted of being a strict mom why
because of that scarf I decided he does
not want to pee on the pads no matter
what so I had to be strict and say no I
just raised my voice a little bit and
had to take his toys away because I've
decided that he has to learn and his
little cuteness cannot give him a pat
anymore he's also so fast enough come in
come in come in your cuteness is now
giving you a pass anymore okay oh I'm
just kidding you so sweet here's the
mission for today you head to the new
office go through my inbox which is
probably gonna result in 700 more tasks
I have to read a script today is
officially Scarborough's first in-home
training I try to do some leisure stuff
and I think the team has something
planned for me because they told me I
can't come into the office until 11:00
and that is now so let's go hello happy
one-year anniversary for boss today
well technically three days ago but Lily
was busy with her big announcement from
yesterday we're about to surprise her
nothing extravagant
a bunch of balloons that were supposed
to be surprised yesterday so they're now
on the ground but we sourced questions
from team super about boss book memories
and we are going to test
Livi's boss knowledge let's see how she
does also you damn well know that I'm
gonna ask her about what the most iconic
phrase of tour was yes he'll work at
auntie the true fans No
I've got in the office and this is not
my desk this is not my office
because I'm not allowed to go in my
office because someone said I'm out a
lot of going my own offense
have you had like your caffeine for the
day I'm feeling like mentally sharp what
are you doing what we can go in your
office if you want us to my god are you
gonna take this yeah give us one second
knock on the door in a second come in
happy boss birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear Lily
happy birthday to you guys you guys are
so cute
these were in the air yesterday okay but
now the fun part
boss trivia okay okay this is actually a
fan aggregated question no no there's so
much more so they're not specific to the
book per se but more like the entire era
I love Masako Taylor's is just horrified
okay are you ready for the boss trivia
oh yeah
only nine questions Nancy one what city
sang you three little birds as your
encore was it America No
India India no closer
Auckland yeah what was Emily's favorite
candy I know this no everyone chef
colors is yeah it's something red I know
something red Oh
yeah what's the name of the iconic fan
who had you step on them during
meet-and-greet Fran I knew that
how does Harry Potter relate to how to
be a boss because I released him a
fantastic piece yeah that was too easy
this adjective is literal in this
question what was the biggest annoyance
of tour what city did our friendship
almost end over the letters I know was
somewhere in America I want to say it
was something like the Seattle clothes
it's like it's coldish it was early on
it was goddamn letters had to get a box
what did you encourage fans to schedule
and how to be a boss inspiration Oh
Daniel felt amazing what are the names
of the fans you surprised in Singapore
Lovisa zahlen and nan I don't know Nance
full name is actually I know isn't it
okay ending it on maybe the most iconic
part or what was my most iconic line
from olive to her trash no your most
iconic laughs even tell any of them this
and they know that do you know better
you know what it's been a full year and
I used to be able to like tell you
exactly chapters things are fun maybe I
can still do that but I do want to say
that I'm so happy that so many of you
were enjoying the book thank you for
supporting it and use the Moke like so
much me when I think that's prettier
this has been out and people are still
tweeting about and supposing thank you
so much means so much and hopefully I
had a book one day a long time from now
had a great meeting with the team and
now we're waiting for scarborough's
trainer so we can learn how to teach her
baby boy all types of things I teach you
how to do the back end of a video and it
takes thumbnail picture know how to sit
how to pee how to stand how to do all
these things gave up a thank you for the
kisses thank you so much
what a good boy I mean it's no big deal
but my dog is a genius he did so well at
his first training he the trainer was
like wow he's really such a genius a
little Einstein I'm pointing over there
because he's sleeping Nancy I'm so smart
I'm so proud of him and I learned a lot
of things about like how to react to
things he does and I've been doing it
wrong all along so I think that's cool
you know what I really struggle with in
life there's one thing I really struggle
with understanding that it's okay to do
nothing every time I have a day room
like yo I did a lot of work today I'm
like sure I got it like you know do some
more things I don't do anything right
now my brain cannot compute that like
right now it's Friday the industry is
off because it's good Friday
why should I should I have to go through
my emos but I can do that in like an
hour two hours three hours I can check
them even do that tomorrow morning cuz
industry shut down but me I'm like I
can't sit on that couch and watch
something or just play well of course I
cool you know okay fine I'll go grocery
shopping and then I bring convinces back
I'll do the right now girl shopping I
get done virtually in box right now like
my brain does not understand that yo if
you want the next four mother-effing
hours you can do nothing and it'll be
completely fine my brain has to have a
task and has to convince itself that
task needs to be done so I'm telling
myself grocery shopping can happen
emails can happen right now
I'm not a Pleader watch TV or play
rollercoaster tycoon and I refuse I
refuse to cave because I deserve it look
at me I've done nothing for the past few
hours I only feel a little bit guilty
also ordered some Chinese food edamame
and Shanghai noodles two things one give
me points to so someone told me Lindsay
told me actually that your dog starts
taking on characteristics of like their
owner so every morning and when I'm
really sleepy I make like sleep your
doors they go in every morning now
Scarborough does it when he's sleeping
he makes the cutest all like don't you
baby don't you baby mommy I'm sleepy I
want to sleep I don't want you any more
Netflix said no one ever lets go to bed
baby
we had a leisure productive day today yo
one year since how to be a boss thank
you so much take a project is out living
life let's see how we do
in Tulsa Maya let me live a living
living living living Looby Bay what
you're talking about
you
