soak up I'm gonna fusion dance the whole
team makes fun because I say I can't
jump and they're right goddamn it puzzle
and Tiffany lives here for smoking my
shirt why be sexist homophobic or this a
backward or or transform it when you
could just be quiet
here's the mission for today in Trinidad
and Tobago for you let's go over my
audition script gonna get my shell to
react to my last video go to effect let
some rest
go to juvie go through my inbox
hopefully if the Wi-Fi wants to work
those well things were to kill injury so
can we just talk about this we just
talked about this nature beauty
gratefulness yellow hair all the things
also has been really hard to do work
recently the Wi-Fi here in our
particular department is so bad like I
struggle to go through my inbox and do a
lot you must what I'm trying
kind of driving me crazy or my emails he
knows he knows
it's been a struggle but it's okay also
watch this you so beautiful I can make
you go to sleep like this
I've made a video with your thumb I know
you know you didn't watch it right this
is the first genuine reaction genuine
reality or be like criticizing or
criticism okay I you be honest I will
not enough yeah all right hey hey
I want to point your attention to
something in this end card here is a
tailor in the back just now I just
watched it okay thank you for letting me
use your song not listen to soca music
thank you that's all if you guys don't
know about it I know a lot of people
sometimes in America and I tell Moses
and who I guess this man is the king you
listen to more of his music is pure
happiness get on it he must even by this
decree on superwoman say what do in
soukra this is all you need to know how
to move your Baba there it is ha ha ha
right now the mission is to find some
doubles because we have a whole night
affecting and partying happening and
it's always a mission to find all kind
of % always and even though we're saying
this now and make sure we're gonna
forget to do the same thing 1% I also
did ask very real questions today about
moving straight and we're not moving
getting a place to try that real real
estate questions were asked like an
adult they both have your first double
pillar your first double do you need
tutorial on how to eat it baby
open that very good just to take one and
pour it on to the other one this is like
your dhothi now where you can use it to
scoop and eat it
all right McCain deep and delicious okay
for some reason live we've got beautiful
chocolate deep and delicious this is one
of Canada's finest not shallow and non
delicious don't be confused deep and
delicious the best thing is used to be
my birthday cakes so why don't we put in
the freezer explain because we want to
be frozen h2o reacts to the
deliciousness you get the perfect
crystallization that forms within the
DNA molecules of the deepest King get on
our level ASAP science so here's the
actual mission this is the most intense
night day scenario we have a go to fete
right now come home wait three hours go
to juvie a stay up all night come home
sleep a little bit and then go to first
day of Carnival so we've got pace
ourselves with the alcohol etc etc it's
gonna be in it I'm wearing lipstick the
special occasion y'all look at this
sweeter ting hearing look at this guy's
shirt well he's just sweeter ting are
you embarrassed
yeah are you Jenny right no no no no no
just you know and cheeks beg to differ
am i right no but now you will be
hopefully everything sweeter tea
there's many hours later Marshall pulled
me up on stage because sweetheart I
musta don't wanna had a great time but
now after many games of monopoly deal
and werewolf we are ready to learn do
you cut yours looks so good could you we
are ready to go to juvie remember this
camera we're back to the juve camera you
don't remember what happened this camera
only bunch of the same bad thing right
now let's go we're finally on our way
after 94 years of waiting all these
people it's a disaster
how was it man it was man
my hair is full of mud
the showers in there goddamn man IRA
always time to fix this
BRB whoo of all the things I didn't come
off boss there you have it that's the
only dream yeah tomorrow carnival starts
I mean today carnival starts
you
