what could be good-looking good morning
the times 11:15 a.m. I woke about an
hour ago I did an interview already I'm
heading to a meeting kind of a kink in
my neck no diamond I'm in a massage for
special reasons emotional spiritual
reasons I mean nothing that won't was my
job my job I guess for my job man anyway
here's what I do today all the
production fingers interview did it
Cobra meeting going getting my hair
braided my Papi's gonna do it then I
gotta plow the rest of the day what I'm
thinking is take my family to the
YouTube space and to not have office and
maybe to do me there are show some
YouTube stuff some literature going into
YouTube and so excite or that stuff
that's kind of cool and then today I
might get some more massages
that's the plan we'll see what happens
on ice always proud of the rest of the
trip with the Disney's and the universal
Lilliana
but aside from all that today is another
day where we are present and you even if
your family's not visiting your non same
scenario p-president taking us around
and the weather the people the food
smells be present and don't feel the
need to documented every single time so
the girls logging but you know we can
revisit bang up right person one like
this you will have names as well see
Allah and Kyle even let me order back
there yes yes this is what I need in my
life is over all the tests Gina's gonna
say stuff I know poppies growing up
right now these are the two brightest
spoiled he returns in media another
Christmas
yeah another I did it I don't want to
when I still like myself right now about
the 271 to go ephemeris office all these
kids they don't say my whole family
except I go you're going up next go
why I love studio71 they're raised by
the little one right here follow me
yeah so that's right into Natas office
destroy everything here was a I'd like
to point out this poster was never here
before and it's here now because you fix
the wrinkles version the better versions
on the wall outside 0 71 rooftop is lit
I've never been brought up here i jus
want to point that out
I'm sorry bring the family together not
as recovering end of the year right here
there's some fun stuff in there okay
thank you no problem
it's not gonna fit in there you can put
all the stuff in there we do that why I
love nada and you want to tease my
family friends well I love them for life
she boarders their bikes not let them
keep some giggles poise it had the best
time ever is the best are you happy that
advice yeah that's great
you happy guys like it they're like
we're too busy with writing our new
bikes to hear what you're talking well
bag did you just now so mom how did you
two space business awesome it'd be
pictures yeah kids are having a field
day playing all the resume here what
happened
nah no wasted one and then he didn't get
one was come on that's what happened
here here but would I try it
put it in here and now you're going to
bring it out first don't press the
yellow button yet first you bring it to
where you want it look while you're
bringing that handle bring it this way
and now where do you want it okay let's
see nice thank you
dad do me Dumbo city like a little
Caroline they're low or cuz I thought I
need other things I ever allow myself
hello food so good my mom is the first
time in her life right now yeah
yeah yeah I broke up camera and we came
home from Truman's I have a not the size
of like this in my neck I booked a
massage is one for me my mom my sister
chicken to a mother massage after using
just because nothing about any junk food
getting massaged there and go to speak
after that but after writing scripts but
it's all good and that's a fact lacking
looks like like would you oh oh your
duffle cracker here right now then
goddamn best massage ever thank you so
much food I love you to marry me through
my sister my mother loved it so much my
folks didn't treat the model but I don't
treat themselves or not such a parents
even if our parents will treat
themselves enough so as they own a
little time with two older to this like
y'all treat yourself man do you think
don't have like your life is over
yeah I mean treat your parents you
should choose your paradise once again
so god damn tired but I have to write a
script or literally my life will be over
so I'm gonna try to do back right now
we're back nine nine nine guys also the
clip does once again my inbox towards
the script or not a color ways to be
worse you could die in every now I play
looks really recovering night by night
of that uh later breviary I was like I'm
all personal that's a Twinner okay I'm
delusional hi sleep no I'll be gravy
stopping crazy no of it does it start
too early
Chuck learning a foreign country I feel
what the hell I've logs I've been the
shortest vlog of all time I really know
I'm kind of enjoying the moment with my
family tomorrow one and a hike and I'm
showing them I just us and I'm doing
with yourself very descriptive darlin
so if you like it was good if you liked
it subscribe have a bruise on my arm
look even aware it's fun I don't know
can you pick it better no please
thanks
Wow this is that I'm fact this is a year
ago heaven my
