why enough your body non-stop because
I'm wearing the time is 12 about an hour
ago I got the best most required sleep
ever because I didn't see about all the
night before that and in that room
humble sources Sun just fills that room
enters into a sauna I love it I welcome
my family's not here so I was like
journalism I think they went through my
sister to your club and my family
probably put the kids don't put the kids
on my talk to the kids somewhere where I
met we don't put the kids in good places
right very good
how my mom is a bath used to be on
Kyle's for the duration my family's
visit I must make myself a shape here
delighted a post-reduction fingers my
embosses are hotter than mess I can't
clear my inbox because there's a
movement from like a couple of days ago
I run and found out but that's bad when
inside I run a business I'll be Amy
before that actually eat restaurants
what I'm gonna do check emails then I
got a write a scrip for a club that I've
coming up I also have a review a bunch
of scripts for things just general
work-related boss tour box stuff I got
to do then I'm gonna take my family to
the Grove City show them some veggie
grill all the veggie food and when to
end the night I got it ended in hot tubs
I don't want anyone most things I
haven't don't you I need to use that H
minimum three times of it it's awesome
all that I really want to focus on
having a day where I'm very present and
I'm not thinking about other things when
I'm with the people I love I want to
just be present in the moment experience
it and enjoy myself first some breakfast
all right but when we worry with make it
jump of the word
me so my high school's the second last
family to play over the intercom when
there was house is about to start
how the meeting is changed and I was
like oh do whatever I wanna do to happen
on your stomach you see what happens did
you see what happened let me show you
let me show you let me show you did you
happen to do you see your stomach
laughing and if you happen did you
happen did you do happen is it happen
Wow look you said go go get the girl
oh no the TV's on Oh
the bodies don't move not gonna lie I
kind of love this room
it's just like that's the books up in my
office memorize vertical and they're not
a bit of the people who clean is cray
so crazy so pretty T waiting a minute
what's going on just a little bit of my
makeup as I'm watching my thumbs to grow
but before that you know a lot of you
likely I do this artifact asked me to
rant about so welcome to Shady moment so
if you don't know today's it's just me
talking about something on my mind and
ranting lightheartedly nothing too
serious
today is about something I kind of
talked about in my blog a few days ago
which if you watched it well I'm having
a hard time self loving myself because
it seems too many people commenting and
saying stuff that I should be used to it
so today I think I finally kind of
figured out why partially it isn't
really anything is not going to change
anything but I just need to around about
it because it annoys we so goddamn much
and I did that I believe the Internet
has made people entitled and so easily
offended and yesterday I might interview
someone was like a bitch because
sometimes if you've on the internet will
like feel like people owe them things or
like the world owes them something and
I'll figure out what you know it is what
it is but today a mistake yes yes I'm
going to used to example from my life
but honestly this is not because I'm
like oh this one thing upset me
everything over the past like two months
as the only internet just someone
complaining about something for example
me entitlement it I'm just at the world
wide web and you want to put your
opinion thing to put your two cents of
things I get that that's fine but my
life example is my world tour or so hard
in the analysis video or so hard and
tour and someone comments are like oh so
you're not coming to my country gets
another world tour then so stupid so
dumb ass doesn't care about these
countries
how are you talking about I just wish
see and this is a wishful thinking it's
never gonna happen but I'm sure the
people here would understand but there's
more to everything than posting and just
easily saying I wish this would happen
or why didn't someone do this like
common sense where our vow and
disclaimer disclaimer I'm not offended
I'm also baffle that someone posting
that would be able to tell that and
there's so many factors I goes to where
I for for number one would be maybe I
don't have enough stands where you're
from and so like I don't have enough
people supporting me to do a show there
maybe no promoter will support my
shoulder maybe logistical II legally
it's not possible for me to go there
maybe with the travel schedule so fear
to play to wife is really going there so
I assumed that I was like oh no we
definitely can't go to that country
because I want to piss off everyone
they're obviously not and whether or not
on come into your country with the
utmost respect it's still a little tour
again I'm not covered you guys I'm sorry
and I hope one day I can but please
don't be like oh it's so stupid of her
and it's all her fault it's like what do
you mean I was telling the humble does
the other day and you just like really
gravies like everyone feels like they're
entitled to their opinion which is great
Oh people should be entitled to an
informed opinion you're gonna put your
two cents in something at least a little
bit of critical thinking and research
and try to think about why things are
the way they are a second stick you let
me know if you relate is just me our
people soul guide then easily offended
these days I feel I can post anything
you post or day I can post something
about a bra I can tell something about
anything and somebody likes well that
doesn't include these people well that's
too expensive and I can't afford that so
I'm offended well if you didn't make
this exactly about the city I'm from so
I'm offended that why are you doing 60
no I want you to calm down get across
the water
eat some skittles and not think that
everyone else is attacking them because
they're really not and I don't read
you're just no solution without permit I
just read you guys I want to get off my
chest I'm still smiling I'm wonderful
but maybe that for me so there's a lot
going to change I need to read less
comments maybe scroll less through my
home see on Twitter
let's do Adam people's posts on
Facebook's and lessons I sure the
internal making people feel like they
need to attack everyone be offended
everything's about them just like the
interests an awesome place and I love it
and I love social media or some y'all
it's quite nice huh
sweating what it was what didn't need to
offend anyone I'm sure even from this
I'm going to comment below being
offended one to say life will be so much
better in sorry but less would be so
much better if you didn't get offended I
feel like I was trying to catch you
would target you know that's not
weighted so people just do things it's
okay chill
that's just have fun right so let's
choose gratitude I choose to smile
it used to be happy yeah I mean like
with the broth on so they're not you're
really a Google to agree of things
people tried with like what about people
I kind of war blah what about people I
don't want to do this what about people
that have water nipple it's a let me
deal with the internet that's like you
know one
is not a place where people feel
entitled entitlement is not sexy it is
not so wasn't me who worked it was when
I say any moment I understand I mean
about me feels you know my friends
videos like was re other gone in music
because if someone got something to say
why she's wearing this license women
she's offending me which does put your
picture offenses aways enjoy enjoy and
enjoy and Julie come on let's go through
mr. poet mom you like that it yes we do
do you like my house I love it do you
like your room it was just like that we
were really really do anything to it is
kinda like that for a while you let your
daughter I put a neighbor yesterday she
put a label on me saying why doll you're
correct correct
I read you love me yes mommy yawns me
I'm a success it's a beautiful house but
what I'm with me you love me too
yeah let's approve yeah I love you how
are you I love you because they put a
label on you that's how relationships
work exactly label people that love them
okay would you better put a label on I
think of you oh thank you token I agree
I know she was asleep so that was a
really great opportunity like this you
wouldn't know that you love me one
we're getting on this train for the
first time we're doing a lot of work
this much yeah
you ready you ready to eat that
you ready we're at Benjie grill can you
come in tomorrow there's a compartment
in the freezer right here this is like a
now we're doing we do have a vlog
already but the perfect was vented the
secondary her life with this freezer it
was gonna be freezing in here
bring it it's like a pack of 100 freeze
as well and it appears a wild not a
potential hello mother hot sauce we're
in the hot tub I'm living here because I
don't think I can be responsible for
your well-being and the camera has been
through enough shouldn't intrude so this
is how my camera opens and a half ago
open again yo camera I am so goddamn
tired I'm still recovering from that
all-nighter we pulled the fence house
and say what's happening the hot tub is
great and so tired I actually have to do
emails at work right now a little bit
but yesterday I fell asleep while doing
by a more lush like so I didn't happen
again today so it's great because the
air matches a lot like a little bean to
sleepy can you do it okay it sounds as
if it's too well I'm not gonna sell the
toilet because I won't wake anybody up
so how I talked with Manny
thank you for joining today great day to
with fans kids who are still adjusting
to a time a little bit with a little bit
cranky but there are doable wonderful
and I love them tomorrow I got two
interviews without a meeting and then I
have a braid up at poppy and I have two
more furniture deliveries when your desk
in my writing room which is this and a
table for the blue cups I'm going on but
you don't care but I'm going to shop so
I tell tomorrow if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe
I will in case you missed it I release
my parents reacting to everything you
ever do every day by Ariana Grande the
link is right there you can quickly go
work on your phone that little video
right there on my second blog channel
obviously the one you're on right now
fastball is right there click the link
watch stay a while that stale allergy
