I feel like today's can be a day filled
with wisdom and real talk
good wine the time is 9:30 a.m. Oh about
30 minutes ago
ready because today my morning is
started with a big bang
here's Lauren today post put that ship
sticker to look for myself first and
foremost I think my face a little bit I
think I did that maybe not it's
questionable I thought that's an opinion
not a fact next I'm gonna go to
breakfast with Kunal because the Prez
was to come before they leaves leaving
tonight I'm sad about but when breakfast
is called thermos and the rest it is my
family you don't know what I'm doing to
figure it out they're going to leave and
then I'm gonna start creating my house
and catch your boat on work and figuring
out some tour stuff but it's talk about
that one enjoy the last day with my
parents God knows when they're going
back to LA I'll go back to Toronto for
tour but been coming telling
questionable so I'm gonna enjoy it my
head to head press is Kunal right now
yes so we think going through my brain
will is poor and work and I feel like up
doesn't it when you wake up if you're
like that's it today could be my day I'm
gonna evolve today I already need to do
today that's how I woke up I woke up
like that and that's better than waking
up looking on sleep when your soul is on
fleek better than when your face is on
fleek which is my way of saying it's
okay that's his eyebrows Lucas more than
that one okay let's go inside breakfast
come on my maintaining one of my
favorite people on the planet he's the
best human ever I love a blessing to my
life my mom also love them I think a lot
of that also lessen our largest he's
such a great guy
I also anxious about Ana Punjab people
always annoy me she's a good even B and
now we're gonna go back home and dad
gonna put up my shoes I must go on my
dad is leaving tonight so I'm making him
fix all the things
yeah dad go dad whoo got a package
humble can you guys know what packages
that's right
fourteen hundred thousand cookie boxes
easy
thank you so much now sticking up and
now asking to be boxers so you know most
Russian fingers gets us back sign some
ich Kenne SME seven or fifty books fine
so I mean some progressive is not that
much but still the signing was bad right
Jonah yeah you know signs of it yeah
Irina you read the front of your book
website Tina got an advance copy signed
what does it say is I'm you can yep
enjoy this book all the way already a
mom saw also please remember that kinda
mescaline so one time is excluded for
something I don't even remember before
really so rigidly completely up I
prepared resin I was like okay I'm gonna
go get a handful of deaf webseries
intense you identify stairs bus and she
said I want you to always remember that
I got into food unless they're use
everyone you meant don't move it
the eyes are watch terrace i reminder
remember time go just move yeah I'm
gonna having any other phone that is
unrelated or talking burrito is
unrelated okay yeah I'm just minding my
own business
no mama I want meat is very cute and all
that thank you for letting us stay in
your house she's so sweet
she's my favorite family member that's
the idea
oh snap recording a video with my sister
what is the video hands calm when you
rather we're doing the delusionally
miles of adorable more can they watch
the video mombasa Trini youtube.com
slash Mombasa 3m o MV OSS I spell it
like normal
yeah Mombasa correct is it the letter
three of the word three to number three
currently is not a letter it's a number
okay
look at it look at it a tooled comedy I
met was the word or the number number
can you please rewind and put comparison
between a myself like I said I walked
with twins no little one can compare
your brain situations okay
so come out mentally I'm getting injured
as I'm going home so you don't even
germy right before it's okay I go back
to school right call it delicious man
keep that Matthew some questions okay
and then when I ask you two questions
just answer as quickly as you can okay
can you go up or down
okay bracelet left or right okay mummy
or daddy
very good okay what's your favorite
thing about lending money very good what
you favorite color where is the fire
truck okay very good
who's your favorite cartoon Oh where's
the bomb little movies with the people
visit my beautiful mother mom I'm gonna
ask you some questions you have to add
this to the possible game left or right
right up or down
day or night see driving or walking
walking near a part I mean big or small
okay caller sort oh the one word to
describe Lily awesome one word to
describe yourself
awesome cool word one word to describe
that I'll recruit okay okay just one
word to describe Tina good mom what's
your favorite video of mine you like my
tour announcement videos
yes oh yeah yeah that's really good tell
people why you want to do for my doors
because you want a little bit cool nice
and yeah thanks about me yeah oh no this
was not my sister's my mom she's just
young and beautiful young and beautiful
my evil
I'm okay he knows something about the
videos you can go to my neighbor you
know that you slower we doing oh we
didn't make very sad oh my oh you know
you're under the Mighty Eagle home oh
you're don't want to move to LA
oh my god you're normal
yeah see Oh Donna Donna v honey ah my
little abundance of it what did I just
bring us wool what does it depend not on
it was a gift to us that we got doodads
of whipped cream to add two more seven
hundred pounds of cream not a guess what
guess what we're gonna do later today
sign up but it's only one boss let me
show you come there's only one boss you
know you're lying you're lying
oh my god guys oh don't joke
oh dear along
I'm gonna buy I did hey baby me tonight
wave bye
or ignore me whatever bye my family's
gone when mom gets all sad my dad will
said to the girl been missing for three
weeks I go to Toronto it's instantly so
quiet
do you remember with the houses look
howling now going to go back to be
irresponsible idol team yeah and that's
a semi responsible odd is move we've
cleaned up the place all the tassel
things gone feeling good I remember we
are packed up okay I say pasta funny
every pasta and pasta pasta
no reason to love nada
because upper food as if you was a
toddler before getting up before eating
any of it why wouldn't I do I makes it
eat it it's actually not tonight rice
was to cut my attention to my I don't
care about politeness just where's know
I'm supposed to write a script from the
side Nazis I'm going to shoot something
tomorrow for someone else's channel mob
for mine I'm doing myself up last day
I'm so tired of this I've never slept
before I don't know why I feel a little
bit sick in my stomach as well and my
hand is hurt is I'm just going to call
it my or sleepy watching TV some Santa
Clarita died and some insecure and i'ma
go to bed a fighting that way it's like
11:45 I'll have a meeting at like 8:00
in the morning so I'm going to bed and
give myself a pass you get a pass today
like you would have passed peace and
Brotherhood a while I was not out here
in her natural habitat
done just with many real showing look at
us oh my god step it up now the claws
will kinda go back to normal in terms of
assists in terms of the segments and all
that stuff the facts the toilet talkin
all that jazz a mental picture of my
family's here serve clients and families
in three weeks when I go back to Toronto
for tours speaking of torque is why your
Torchic is losing books complex towards
where you can go all the information and
on website one ticket include and all
that stuff not only talk to my core
she is boom-boom multiple shells shells
boom boom pow and how's my look if you
like it is good did you like it
subscribe hey nice shot yeah I want you
- you shower and miss you room I miss
you try that I miss you closet I miss
you I miss you let me oh look how pretty
I miss you all of you pre-order the book
right here you appear a book and you pre
look and you put you you don't have to
but you prayer out of the book and you
put her the book
