oops I'm back in LA good morning the
time isn't really early it's nine out of
an hour ago because today I'm doing some
dull fish
just let me let me explain to you what
happens my cloud is getting redone to my
closets like 90% done I'm not going
short to yet because the house like to
put the raw as an issue but I eat it
that's like I have an event today did I
pick up my outfit in advance of this
course not now I'm like interesting but
here's what's going on post for extra
fingers I am going to figure out my
outfit do my hair and custom was fixed
in finish getting ready
basically is what is what that's going
to be then I'm going to go to the girl
boss rally which I'm really excited
about Sophia Amoruso who is the author
of the book girl boss and wanna sign up
inviting me to do a panel with her at
the girl bar for us it's a day full of
girls love positivity dope nish then I
have two interviews I might even have
three interviews I will see then I got
to do some furniture stuff I can't wait
to show you downstairs are you ready
since there is a new sofa and a new
table downstairs and a new bed and I
guess just just a lot has changed can't
wait to show you a first and foremost
ragamala we're gonna have a productive
day because we went on vacation if you
were juvenile bus out of the wine I
drink all of the alcoholic beverages and
then other things and now I'm
rejuvenated and ready to mother-effing
conquer are you with me with me high
five yeah go alright leave I've got this
little choker shirt things that navy
blue pants got my silver shoes kind of
jacket make it up as we go here we go
girl back or what mix your own style
with this is not fashion okay but do
this thing is so powder in my in my
camera time ago didn't a baby humid
we're talking book stuff before don't
worry you'll find out soon who writes
American chocolatey look to me they
would know right now ever nothing so
Edmund you would know right now yeah you
would know right now right now thank you
but it's like
my husband Sophia is over with crystals
right there Sofia's right there was four
pounds together robot my kid guys I'm
back did you miss me
probably not because Willie is having
the time of her life he is heading over
stays down you accomplished with Sofia
Moroso very exciting we go we go what do
you want billion hollering the over a
billion of views by nose often little
house and the question about is some
wasn't competing al-abbas this the word
Boston so when I work in the second
setting about someone who wanted to live
like a crawlers life actually end the
three to get to is actively hostels
relentlessly it's curtains inches we
have a comment you're gonna that Bank
yeah well done by Associated I think I
started to believe that and I follow the
linear lines went to school Google my
parents wanna move upon computed and
then I discovered this comedy video
online of us what are this things that I
you see a go at the video so my soul of
the whole also creating and making
little rules and don't tell me what
could say our - uh Provost the more
videos and more videos and graciously
that was so much fun sounds so much good
did you guys ok did it really good no my
helicopter parts of it
really wanted like delegate caught my
eye through the truth through servo true
alright that was so much fun Sofia's
dope all the questions were amazing
there was so much good positive female
energies but are you ready to see my
sofa and new table for the Lily type
hoga hoga is like a mess around it so
just bear with me but there's a
marvelous table right here what do you
mean the reason is napkin is here's I'm
planning to paint this wall yellow the
color combination be yellow gray white
and just blue I need to buy a new rug
but singing this yute wall yellow and
dot wall yellow what do you think you'll
like it's velvety and comfy and amazing
I love it also my place is in a state of
chaos with the closets and everything is
just like the next few days it's going
to be a hot of a mess and we're going to
sort it all out I sorted all out you
know who we need is quiet a funny sick
and dying you know what cuz I wasn't
here for a week and call it was like
what's happening what happening just
dying which is that do great interviews
and now I'm heading to do some house
stuff
well paint my mother's involved my some
Pink's but you think you think I need to
bias my god emotion paint and okay I bet
so oh this is just cutting you off okay
okay no problem you have a good day you
know we're not going to be mad you see
some extra love to their curtains also
it's in curtains are so important for
miles me tell you why let me tell you
like I know you're dying to know you're
like why any why I know anyway I know
you're dying to know baby that occurs
when she skips if I start in the daytime
and go so even you can see the time
difference out the window and for the
constant continuity problem in my high
level production Hollywood
multi-billion dollar budget videos
twenty turns also people to my talk on
that's why all money crazy to be going
for the entire like we reach my laptop
can record like the hardest thing I've
done is I spent hours like looking at
rugs rugs rugs rugs I'm like I don't
know what rug to buy I'm like a fire pit
fire pit fire pits I don't know I'm
going to go back to rugs I'm so going in
circles and circles I said take a break
they dress this I'm very visual person
if I have like the other wounds clean
because my clothes are out of them might
be able to actually see what I need I
can't visualize that I have Lexi and I
make any sense I can't imagine it as to
see it to visualize those runs and we
shut up now look at my closet so six a
bullet bullet one of you there's a
reason you can't wrapped up in here come
on hang my pants
this material is called a ballet rod
when you take your clothes out you could
hang it there for the next day so
unnecessary but I have three of them now
we have to fill this closet and our
winner will win a winner when you really
really really really look not going to
be an easy task at all but you know and
they are somebody coming oranges oh my
god my closet for more news what do you
have oh my god man you what do you do no
complaint though you just do it girls I
work our condom with the camera but yo
this is my progress so far hey hold up
what up what up
I still gotta fill the top of the game
it can't come to anything on with jeez
where's so many more of my clothes and
bullet bullet bullet is gone but you
know about this son Oh if I don't wear
more of my clothes I'm a horrible person
I really think I will look I'm
exceedingly almost haven't seen this in
years and now I like house basically
space one just bare space ain't nothing
wrinkled investments worthwhile
investments is coming faster faster two
things number one a Paso's release is
number 12 hours three episodes of santa
clarita diet i think that's how you say
it new drew Barrymore so it's really
good and I really like I'm so tired it's
a p.m. and I'm like I'm really really
tired one trade that time right now but
I'm going to finish it in my closet at a
bunch of work to do I was shoot tomorrow
it's so much doing only eight so I'm
gonna sleep I like a lesson that's my
goal for three hours to get all this H
poppin leg up a little birdie told me
and by that Brody I mean me on Monday at
9:00 a.m. PST you should just have a
credit card ready in case you need to
buy something online tickets to some
sort of function or then Monday 9:00
a.m. PST I don't know what I don't know
what it is but are we going to put that
into the atmosphere
spread the word I have to do random
right now for said event and it's called
D Brock's about how you did debug it to
clean out the earwax from my ear why you
ask because humble talking so much crap
after playing ping-pong has made me have
a buildup in my ear and now I have to
figure out no I'm getting fitted for my
custom ear pieces that I use on stage on
Monday I try this is two days
role where I take all the wax my ear I'm
kind of horrified and I think I'm
horrified so something humble will
thoroughly enjoy so the so since you
please be sure to tell her to rinse her
ear that was warm water not hot or cold
or else you'll get dizzy duel okay Raven
spar Gary
it says here any last remaining after
treatment may be removed by gently
flushing the ear with warm water using a
soft rubber bulb ears rings yo can you
grab my soft rubber ball dear sir in
Jersey that I have please the back of 12
that I have randomly motherfucka has
that no ball ball no big deal home I'm
cutting you in my life you could be
putting something drops to my brain
right now
no reaction literally no reaction can we
get an instant replay of umbels reaction
please you could be pleased up and drop
into my brain right now I'm kind of
scared up what the hell oh no we're in
the video swimming and water goes in
here doesn't we feel like oh my god
all those like you're a big Bush in here
in your irritation you know this is very
loose I do a new mom which is boy here
understand your face okay we're gonna
mother's earring those what about the
earrings this one okay I pulled it out
there I can hear out of the beer oh my
god I literally can hear on a serum oh
my god oh my god my brain is in my
breasts feel self week all right I'll
see you in a couple minutes
ahh I currently can't hear out of either
of my ears so don't know how ahead I'm
talking this is the job fear of a cotton
swab here I can't hear anything
ahh wash my hair didn't get dizzy and
fainted that's a win damn now I'm awake
kind of it my crotch pocket here time if
I was a no bra did you see my nipples
don't know 111 I said I'm gonna see if I
eleven so I'm going to go through emails
and then go to bed this is a boring vlog
I'm sorry I literally did nothing I
complain about being tired
I guess the ones the girl boss rally and
so productive haha I just worked on so
hard a big bus and sweat did so much
cardio I'm getting a Pokemon my face
I just shut this garage again and I
can't find Rob Oh Rob doesn't exist a
great and bloom on cosmetics mug mug or
rockin table tennis times when it's done
top there may be unsafe or very change
laws first day back from vacation I mean
to have some water figure did a lot for
a first day bathroom back here
I'm probably did a lot house stuff any
man could entire closet there's a girl
bow sprawling I did all the emails us
now I'm in hostile I mean come on it's a
pasta doesn't feel with you I know it
does as a reminder Monday 90 and PST
seems uber you possibly want to see me
at said event have that credit card
ready just say no stand until you buy
the word until then and dolls mom good
if you liked it subscribe did you like
it so good the night closet don't stay
up too late okay I don't like when you
say play cuz then I can't cuddle with
you call them to bed okay caught it with
me and I mean cuddle with me tap my
booty a little bit you know hold my
waist free me right now I'm saying okay
I love you baby love you love you okay
goodnight minute
