can we do about my arms challenge sure
Joe quite realistic box where we have to
harder every day also if you wonder when
the stock was not here it's cuz she's
dead
moron today's mission is we gotta go
grocery shopping because all the stores
gonna close for Carnival I gotta go
through my inbox I've gotta start
memorizing my script and probably
another fact tonight welcome to defect
ha ha oh my god yesterday at the fete
Trevor Noah was there it was so cool
because he's ever been to try that
before so I was like yo man you love
seeing myself for me to love all the
parties it's so nice like welcoming
people here and like it almost kind of
feels like a third home to me which is
kind of cool you know I feel like a very
welcomed in Reedsburg ramp
I am vlog yesterday because I didn't
have enough footage but we did capture
some stuff so here's a flashback to
yesterday's Fat Joe DeMott died
that was so amazing mashallah such a
good performer every time it forms I
feel amazing and I love be here with my
team because they're so friggin amazing
and wonderful and I'm so grateful
they're my team and I love him so much
than my friends yeah best time ever
break the potatoes and release placing
my mother's really amazing proud energy
was amazing a lot of people talk about
how wonderful carnival is perhaps just
come here just come you've been three
days here you will understand what
you're going to come back every single
year over what up is the only reason you
watch this blog yo welcome to the humble
portion hey get near the best portions
of the show as you can see I got my hair
dead today
fancy and nice wonderful we explain to
you why titi is so wonderful if you look
around
obviously it is aesthetically pleasing
and it is beautiful and the people are
beautiful but there's a special warmth
to this place that I can never describe
through a vlog the people here are
wonderful they're attentive they're kind
I've been coming back every single year
since 2015 which was the first time I
came for 82 UI I grew up in Toronto with
a lot of folks love Trinity culture I
love training people about training food
but you got to come here and see how
magical and wonderful it is because it's
so dope back to the real reason you
watch the vlogs to see us fight now
adult life based on last carnival all
the places closed and we're starving
last year see this is where the shopping
things will differ though because people
on the team began and stuff like
whatever the hell these are these long
carrots that are green I don't know Hass
tomato black beans like come on really
me and I'm like uh let's be practical
this I wanted to get a thing of icing
but they said no they find whatever we
also look at whether we got see this is
practical stuff practical stuff hello
where's Kyle Kyle Kyle there is yo Kyle
did you pick up pasta
apparently Kyle made the same dog joke
and I didn't know the name her for all
the folks at home
does not write her own jokes okay
welcome to supermarket sweeps
your task is to find eggs you have ten
seconds go yeah well getting to
alarmingly slow rate these eggs the
answer is let's ask the audience there
those are not eggs bread he phoned a
friend everybody's so nice dry you gotta
open it and check her that all I'm good
up can he open the eggs wash my hair it
was so difficult because the showers a
little small on my hair so once I was
like wash my hair I just went through my
inbox so give me the points I gotta
start memorizing my script as well right
now I think I'm slightly procrastinating
it because I'm nervous but that's gonna
stop right now because we won't do it
Nega all right I got three scenes to
memorize and how I've been trying to do
my editions now I was like memorizing
and then practicing every single day so
that the actual dialogue is muscle
memory and I don't have to think about
what I'm saying I'm just focusing on
believing what I'm saying three scenes
the first step into accomplishing your
dreams is to stop being scared because
you don't realize that a lot of the
excuses you make are because you're
scared I catch myself doing it all the
time I'll be like oh no I'm too tired
right now are you know why it's actually
probably better if I do tomorrow because
then I can dedicate this amount of time
so I just want do too and I find myself
procrastinating to do things I'm scared
oh and then I have to literally
sometimes just like shut up you're
making excuses
cuz you're scared step the F out of your
comfort zone also help lucky and
privileged and blessed am i that this is
my view right now also there was a
lizard over there
Oh get one driving to town they said we
won't finish - they said
trucks getting ready for Carnival
I'm ending this month by saying I have
the best mother F in team and they're so
dope and washed I was dope and I forget
him in love with my life and I'm blessed
and I'm so grateful that's how we do
today also I know all these days are
looking the same because every day is a
party but tomorrow is j'ouvert and if
you don't remember it's the colorful
powder parties is what we little make
sure you subscribe if you like it
you
