it's our last full day in Trinidad
fastest trip on literally the faster if
I have no voice everyone like you must
had a good time because your voice like
judge me judge me because you ride today
we really know it's either going to be
beach or both
you can post-production fingers on my
life so little soon first we're going to
eat of that that we are not record at
any day of the trip and then we're going
to go to my house place and then we're
going to maybe go to the beach or go on
a boat and then we're going to eat more
fruits and then tonight when we come
back but only in a path we're going to
go hide a lot harmful stresses to all
sides we're going to deal with the
colorful stuff outside and take a dip in
the pool and tomorrow morning afternoons
for flying to Florida randomly mega is
going to be often that you feel normally
doing it tells very enthusiastic to try
again rewind is getting always doing it
oh that was slightly it better go like
how big this all gonna be right here
I'm table superstars and many more to
find you baby you sure got an orphan
laughing yeah see when it's about into
the eyes and your bar look you right in
your face baby baby
I see you as our queen
I love that when you put babies up to
the ground girl even if the be late on
your toes we back home and I have our
own little party part to wear wear
because before we leave the guy booze at
least once it's heated
oh not as challenge my rebellion and my
ability yes I love survivor missile
because it's too cold
he's right wicker is 7 I'm fuckin you're
working your way down
I work you might not at all the way
audience here's what I got nothin
combustor really called but not not up
but I can't do it
if you want whatever money to say thank
you yeah I know worry I have to get
cleaned or buy a new one because I
sacrificed it for j'ouvert no regrets I
said like two hours of work because I've
been neglecting my inbox but me go
outside because weather is that damn
good have to turn off the school
situation because I've do disclose now
that last night in sure that tomorrow
gonna wake up past at the airport
fastest trip at bar I'm so sad to leave
we have one night in Florida random in
14 hours
we're heading back home and I'm exciting
about home because my parents are coming
in a few days my sister's coming a few
days and waiting so much furniture and
when I land my closets gonna be done in
all stuff company for a different time
but I have a lot of work to catch up on
and I had a good vacation and now it's
time to almost finish it and get back to
my hospital mode I can definitely say
that I worked hard and justification
outside hard ass goes to kill the toy
Todd Lily doesn't last for the - toilet
doctor but it's not really because I
honestly I'm going to buy a place there
with it my two-year plan is included to
buy places to divest because if I have
to have a vacation home anywhere it's
gonna have to be here ABS going to come
to Carnival no shares well I just love
it so goddamn much yeah I have a fix to
the lesson trade are one thing you
weren't really like what for that I love
the culture of the vibe of the people
because even during carnival it is so
body-positive
good vibes and it's consensual is that
the word if it is I'm making I was like
people are whining and being really
close to each other but like no one try
to take advantage of anyone or do you
mean like I actually do more complete
azing with guys I couldn't card well
because I feel like trying to like
zooming up beyond what I'm comfortable
when I trying to make out with me
eternally it is like y'all we're having
a good time we danced they were like
cool it's like just very the girl learn
now that guys are done and everyone's
equal equal both ways it's not like a
bunch of scroller guys Angela on my hair
I'm just going to it's just kind of like
good vibe but I love that local culture
like everyone wearing rock
like whatever and everyone just so
accepting of everyone else and super
super goddamn cool us I love most of the
culture so I love it the old icon to me
account would come back I'm going to bed
we are going to Florida tomorrow and
helman boop boop if you like it is good
if you rent it subscribe also show the
first bounce bonus has been unlocked it
is the intro to my book if you want to
read up at the link in the description
right there - not only preorder my book
but read the intro for my book if you
read into and you like you can pre-order
at losing book calm there's still two
more books to be unlocked one is me
sending y'all voicemails and the other
is some other stuff sugar
