I woke up like this obviously really
trash except morning the time is new
nice Pokemon our house we'll go finish
my script in bed my family went hiking
because they had to leave the house I
was shoot happening right now today's an
exciting day it's gonna be awesome rise
alpha welcome to a lot of laughs we'll
play without a second spoke about the
figure today we're working finish
writing my scripts DNA we do a video
shoot doing it then I'm going to go get
some heat lamps from Home Depot because
I'm having a barbecue with my team and
my friends and my family later and then
I'm going to catch up on some emails
after that I thought maybe hot react you
ate talked a little bit
female kept writing a little bit generic
words aside from all of that I am going
to show my utmost appreciation to team
super because I woke up with hell a lot
this morning - super certain hash I
thought would be B's roast Lily it is
biscuit team super roasting the ass
heartily and making fun of me we're all
the things that dude I was dying
laughing because I was like I'm so happy
that me and you get to like communicate
like that cuz I don't think a lot of us
people would like anyone else treated
about that people get offended but y'all
just like having a good time that's why
I love you but there was one thing I did
want to address because I've been
hearing it a lot recently and that is
Lily for ask so when I don't do
something for do sweet on chat with you
let me explain hold up hold up hold up
this is the explanation about a free
program I'm not because I feel like I
have to explain because I want to twin
Ivan react super alive like so many
years I've had at five or six years and
as you can imagine every time there's
been technical difficulty first of all
which is why I now have a crew because I
don't know how to figure out like the
constantly changing live screen
atmosphere and environment so that's why
I have someone hoping it'll be less
technical difficulties obviously last
time there was more but for figuring it
out in terms of sound where I have an
echo and all that stuff I'm trying to
get better but in terms of why I'm doing
scenes and not just answering questions
I know y'all think you asked me savage
spicy questions but you know I'm not
going to answer any questions about
other people about who I dated if I
dated this person what I think well you
know I'm not gonna do that you'd be
surprised I get the same questions every
single month why'd you start YouTube why
do you lie so super I we're going to say
never have to answer those questions
again and so I want to constantly do
things that challenge me and ask people
and I was getting kind of like oh my god
this hour I feel like my brain is do
explode because I'm answer the same
questions over and over again so let me
this is my content like keeping the
challenge for myself and doing something
exciting for me so I hope you don't hate
it too much of doing theme because I'm
enjoying it a little bit more
and I was trying it and if after a few
of them doesn't work out maybe I'll go
back to this question we'll see but yeah
opposites are all understand why I'm
doing it I definitely want to chat with
you guys let's we're doing the blog as
well you know what I mean so I'll do
that on Twitter from time to time as
well but yo yo yo love me so let's do a
make up time to a make up earn alright
I'm ready to shoot this video got
different sized braids all sheets in
size up in the door we appreciate you
know I mean this video is going to be
what if my body could talk so a lot of
closer shots my body start to fix up my
eyebrows just a little bit you don't get
myself to witness you know martini shot
yeah yeah you know well I could use a
martini every day of my life
check I got a new side I did I he's not
Oh beautiful I would it would it would
it give it a fine man right there
done shooting running a little late I
want to get a seat Lance for the
barbeque but time is not on my side ever
I feel or maybe I just don't fire time
like I'm organize my time we're sorting
things off about you Lego what's going
on either call me kid I have that combo
brag and what you do is you come closer
I gather you take the drinks whatever
you think is a pop or anything you put
it in water and I add a little salt and
then if the pulp goes down the melting
and then you rotate it to two minutes
and because of the movement it actually
makes it cool for any drinking youth and
Kunis will be a folder that goes in the
fridge although I don't believe you oh
yeah hold it okay I mean I'm not that
impressed a little bit colder we can do
anything a possible family I deal with
this okay you feel this feel it feel it
confirm I'm all right
what do you want drink right okay Harvey
confirmed is this room temp yes why
ready guys how you guys doing on any
procedures that I wasn't the biggest
amateur
I don't have at this cutie patootie hi
oh you like okay okay okay okay
I got a prayer I don't involve you okay
no excuses though only Felicia's on
supervised awful and I got a shitty
school a ball went up there and not I
felt this was her duty why you can't
have ladders didn't go there I hate it I
like good knowing about it so good your
logo look at white oh it's okay well
poster for diversity having me oh thank
you
okay well such that incomplete Oreo
thumbnails that wanted wanna do it got
it I caught it enough for me
so yesterday we were and River coloring
in these snowmen
I'm very night ball your fans is by
sores you and those just like whatever
you do so we can't tell you who drew the
snowman a B or C but it turns about my
snowman is winning any wait a minute um
we have a small sample size I call it my
ecology major I am going to say how many
sample size i'ma do sample size I'm at
the sample size will include 98% okay
and we will exhibit eliminating the
outliers top and bottom
show me the parabola I'm having funny
song by ice Cream's like and record
hey all right oh yeah BBQ done BBQ
didn't work we figure it out okay off
but hopefully won't hit now we're not oh
because I need to de-stress from the BBQ
kale leave my desk is beautiful
we just hot tubs and cuz I'm really
proud of how often we use the hot tub
already famous big nap in my hot tub
girl we do the three Tyra it's really
good that's a really good I'm very
impressed of us and now we're able to
play hard
because we work hard work all day huh
and I will watch The Walking Dead's be
provided with Sunday now times we do you
mean Indonesian you wanna buy my button
long girl time for the walking bed digit
is it is it is it significantly better
episode of The Walking Dead way better
up association board a real office had a
cupcake also nada
I knocked all Renata and I are tied
right now whoa tied right now look at
this first of all how is this and this
tied mine is so much better
that's why why I reckon say hers is so
much better I'm flattered that I even
stand a champion well no it's not like a
jerk it was the finale you did such a
better job I hit a good you can I want
to go on the record and be like you guys
just want ready to see the female snow
person current female bad have you have
to tell you hold on yeah there's an
elephant we next name is Russell we know
elephants are females easy I think my
name is humble is not even in the
running right now home was not a factor
if this voting this is perfect what
we're trying to do is we're going to
screenshot the Twitter poll before this
vlog releases so we can see you actually
once the degree to atrocities whatever
that's ridiculous but y'all know to bed
is like 12 I have to wake up tomorrow
like 738 have a shoot to wash your
makeup yeah I have a shoot to the cloud
I'm probably have a deeply secret or not
Austria figure it out well after that I
got like a color meetings and things for
the evening tomorrow so families a
little movie watching movie I don't know
I probably should get work what you
names who knows no say was a little
rough barbecue at work and they just be
your hormonal is hard I not only sound
grateful monkey so grateful so glad some
beautiful house like every games like
this is what that is working like afraid
the own words so just go cuz I gotta
just call someone after like Twitter
over the barbecue don't work things
running late it was just a little more
stressful than I would have liked but it
was fine new great stable and I was a
better great time so other matters how
many would have died note when I talk
them for I promise in few days Volvo
back to normal when I'm in my room etc
but thank you for joining me along the
way regardless of the short blogs and
volvo of the place I appreciate you hi
so I lift up remove tomorrow we're gonna
hustle and I'm going to try back a
better vlog and I'm good at I might find
something that actually I like my blog
and I'm going to vlog sucks this little
short maybe maybe I didn't vlog shortest
I don't want those people what I'm
stressing like running around doing
things I don't want to be like I'll pick
up the broad camera a second competition
is to get back you know degrees until it
gets done tomorrow
cook cook cook if you like it subscribe
if you liked it subscribe know why I
should definitely get my new camera sort
of out as well cos all that powder in
there we're going to operate on this
camper tomorrow all this camera it's me
a confirmation full ski who prepared of
my vocal a single calm so if you want a
segment or single comp / to are also so
anything have a good day
