I've been on hold for 20 minutes good
morning the time is 10:20 a.m. I will go
by about an hour ago at 9:00 some things
and had delivery of my tables and my
desk except it's missing avenged
and I'm like no because I plan to
barbecue for tomorrow or Sarah and Kyle
and will come over my parents and Hank
and I'm missing a badge and I went back
to my order confirmation it seems like
when I ordered online the golden even
input two ventures you put in one which
makes no sense because our table to need
two lectures so now I'm on hold
I doubt they will do anything by
tomorrow which is kind of annoying what
this is my role it has always been my
role since day one I tell my team assume
everyone else is going to make mistake
and double-check things and I did not do
that after I placed the order I should
have stopped everything I was doing
check the email double confirm that she
called me three times to confirm those
can answer is one guys anyway there's no
bug indicate wealth production lingers
we're going to eat some breakfast and
drink a shake what are you going to hike
I'll take my family on that same Holland
he likes bum not ourselves then I'm
gonna take them to the Hollywood Walk of
Fame I have to get a solid like four
hours worth them so my family's gonna
have to a chilled-out me for a little
bit cuz I have to get some work done
hopefully get a bench because I was
barbecue tomorrow is just like so lame
because I knew the delivery was gonna
come yesterday it didn't accomplish for
today and then I knew was gonna happen
today so I planned the bar super
tomorrow and now Benz is missing so it's
a bit disheartening but we try our best
and that's what's going on today but
above all we're not faint during the
goddamn like hopefully maybe cut I mean
I ate a lot or you're this triple we'll
see alright
the banks is not happening it's not
available I'm not going to have the
badge for tomorrow's barbecues I'm
trying to get better one of my bad
habits is I get really a set up mistakes
and I shouldn't because obviously not
because intentions because I'm such like
perfectionist control frequency have a
hard time being like oh I can make this
net why did you double-check it why me -
that's not so unless a person takes
ownership that I'm like all totally fine
- sorry but sometimes like you can't
ever guess that I'm kind of you're
better at that there's no one's fault
I'll just use random shares tomorrow
it's fine trying to get better at that
time more self-aware about it but like
hey do you or no I
gave all of my absolute is this your
unboxing video yeah it could be a very
gracious this one is the exclusive
that's the only at Target because the
one at Target the only attract water
always the one at Target has an extra
chapter that's not in any other version
of the book as we license our Gilmore
expert oh I'm a few pages these are
mighty oh yes take cases yeah yeah mom
and daughter please yeah yeah well
thought more about the point you are
losing books on combo a lot more all
right we're headed to daughters also the
tyke finding parking with struggle by
Tesla did not auto park correctly my mom
must believe the cannot now but I was
over again right away pick up a three
letting it rise I'm doing better than
last time
- you were just like rushing mom fills
all the stage
my parents are falsely made Hollywood
sign let's go some grapes
you
you
I take a family picture so I did what's
coming on my hand right now thank you
ooh am I looking at - whoever look at
them are you getting might want okay we
have a look at marvelous pictures Magda
Canyon you should probably shoot to be a
nerd that's a fancy hiking elbow you
hike and lose all those calories yeah
this is what you do here yes yes yes yes
woman just you I got now very good very
good
this year move move
so my mom is definitely the athlete of
the trip pug face still jumping we're
just like Gilligan thank you also this
is also an athlete speaker 1:yes jump
gun jump gun right here now waiting to
the Walk of Fame
yeah and you okay exhausting and yeah
you okay tell you okay okay this horse
we never or you're not off Mickey Mouse
okay
not a clue thank you mom Oh what
happened here you know what I like
whoa Sabo hunted
it's so for the kids got these things to
color and draw with eating Cuba is
madness me so humble not own IDs
decorated snowman we're not going to
tell you who did which one but tell us
which one you think is the best this is
a this is B this is C a D please comment
below letting us know who you think is
doing because we are waiting series your
boss is right on this is a make-or-break
for us we're way too serious
camera
well we just happened my mom doesn't
like wasting food is there one calorie
foods or what cake laughing that was
wonderful and awful literally divisible
nine years old like this my mom's around
on door just like here with your two
insulated
not acting like a fake tendencies like
oh I didn't need this part comes with
fattening that's why I good evolved
around I booked that door kids own the
hot tub is quiet me home I'm not us pick
us already but in that mystery though oh
okay so - so where does the guys with a
junkie right now Tuesday arthritis is it
cool a little Lord you were texting
Hubble and you woke me up on your
dollars laurdiy the wonders of this
mother you leave it like a poem mean
teen friends I don't even know if I've
shown you my new office closet boom
see-through supply drawers costume
equipment shelving hello
also this person comes with the office
so that's four days I felt guilty went
to bed good but I have a finished script
it's only pending things that do and I
was like oh I've honestly comfort to do
sometimes it's at about 7:45 early I'm
also so hard the next with me hours I'm
gonna sleep early and guilt-free I'm
going to whoa declare my mom got me the
housewarming you nice that cuz I was
resting a she got me vodka knives and
vodka not up with them
Oh with the content right here are you
loving you watching this right now
oh my that line I lose on the vision on
the F in line and uniting in the I say
and they're always in garter England
father look finish the script and I
remember to have video shoot tomorrow I
forgot about kind of done that script
I'm gonna go to bed now skull 30 I get a
good night's sleep don't wake up
relatively early tomorrow actually my
new desk for my writing room I'm gonna
go in here and show you cool alright and
trying to everything to be like hella
creative tends to create and scramble
letters I am to get to bed
I'm ops room I in this room and wake up
and an hour before my alarm every single
day so super super dope unicorns get off
trying it tough 20 there thank you for
joining you today hiking are basically a
menagerie whistling an Olympian i'm
simone weil basically hello how are you
i'm going to get a bad thing to joining
me on today well barbecue with my team
and my fans and they're going to want to
hike and affogato video shoot somebody
go attempt to do that we got to work I
haven't been working that hard last few
days I've been in family mode but that's
okay that's what happened tomorrow in
Calvin if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe I got a new camera
yesterday and I haven't switched over
yet because this what I'm going to do is
I'm sorry using the new camera but
there's this tutorial online where you
can like drill a hole into the camera to
remove powder since I already have a new
camera I'm going to see if I can
actually fix this one and then maybe I
can return the new and we'll see it's
gonna be cap so drilling a hole into a
lens
it'll be a first but you camera will
come soon
