oops order that good morning we're
intrigued actually without our luggage
our suitcases so Florida so now we have
to win tomorrow no wonder we're cobrado
some space but there's no towels no
shoes and no clothes and we had to go to
a birthday party and this time we are
going to what I'm aware and Ohama makeup
souls and we all natural you have to
take your pants off at home
I mean just one below 50 i what is that
is that we should go back are we cool
roots here Trinidad yeah go get the plan
for today both productions in your
classrooms are surely may be sort of
kind of by some things that we might
need to survive the next 20 hours having
said that I do have a bottle of vodka
and my friends so I don't really know
what else I wouldn't need check into our
place I don't know what they look like
but I do much I'll connect with those
and then what does that go to a parties
maybe check some emails and that's a
reallocation on the wait I gotta order
my in your tour okay that also but but
that little Manik how's the best
time ever day one tree lighting a
carnival Lego every day is the cycle
covers all subjects and Mozart I chose
the flowers up with the mortgage so
we're at West Mall right now buying
makeup and they're my exact foundation
color which is great and all the other
to face into the brush up which you need
to survive tonight so we're here this is
buying everything that's in our suitcase
yeah it's okay we're sure that no scenes
all right we got everything we need to
be semi presentable
also I'd like to go on the record and
say that when we land up here for the
first time that's not the first place
I'd look wise not a wearing pants I
can't see a Brazilian leg onwards and
upwards to our destinations like oh I
just wish I travel when the place you
rent it exceeds all of your mother effin
expectations and it's better to the
station I'm going to buy this off mood
turn us into the vibe that kitchen but
next week from the polls or you on the
Wi-Fi Josh
so we are device device device and pool
I am home I don't even know how I got
here I just woke up
I think they put something in my drink
somebody please tell my family I'm
already well they're coming
why don't come about we need to wake up
a little bit because we're feeling a
little bit a little rough it's a little
rough
we really please apply hey I'm reviving
right now somebody's doing iron Lily's
how are you gonna pick up sensitive
crises the genes I managed to buy I was
small device so I can manage the makeup
I managed to buy we're going to go here
what up unification started when we
bought some duty-free and it's this much
done I don't care I'm on vacation
actually when it come a lot of your
emails so stuff like several times now
so slash whatever Jamboree ever see
myself so excited let's go you know we
the squad went when you got this key to
the squad are we go bar here put it
thing port expansion as a Buddhist and
got a side seam
my baby's about to perform this
 wine here we go
hi baby myself performed so well I'm so
proud of him want to be side series
cheering them on all day every day now
we're lesson double because when
internet- doubles triples and quadruples
leggo alcohols are saying like Ola tell
ago like at the end of every good
Italian prove that
all right leg out there were no double
so we got this one in Trinidad Cheers
also I officially got my period now day
one that's ok fine bring a deal top two
anvils
- fine I'll wine my way to a pain free
life combo which I explained the current
situation situation is 253 am we invited
you're part of a star for a an American
yes right so they just finished the
party and there's another one that's
after these little gold hard and so what
we have them self last night either
we're going to plan this once left the
rescission reunites with the promo place
but we have a sense of our past but
tomorrow night as well as on all my
party so it will go hard go hard I love
it I think we're going to pass so
closely through three of those not as
the showers you laughing and I'm
interested know by the time you're
watching this a new videos going to come
on my channel in a couple hours
at youtube.com slash releasing the link
will be in the description but he has
also make sick of it rotten Lupin you're
feeling like you're gonna was about stay
tuned okay to just stop with me weird as
it all scared of crackles hoola anyway
during that day we would treat that day
one was lit we got a little bit late
little rough start no luggage was the
point II went to his dope I love seeing
myself I will spend all day every day to
Michelle I freaking love his energy and
I love watching someone through my
favorite performers ever had so much fun
my feet are broke off from dancing over
the bed now and try to soothe my uterus
a little bit in town tomorrow cookbook
if you like it subscribe
did you write your subscribe
because visually leaders vineyard
she said bt roads we can change any
clothes digit beady rodent visas busy
roads we know have no luggage and with
my like garbage that we go into three Oh
