except for four seconds holy carp I'm
running late at some 45 minutes just an
hour and a half interview be on my house
Butthead the airport my parents a girl
and I'm kind of late so for a few
figurative injuries taking a pair to the
airport but today right now the amazing
daughter have fun show the best time
ever
techne knows I'm so behind on work whoa
we're getting late so as I saw that
enjoy the experience my family's coming
for the first time see my house in LA
Japan okay but the rush there's nothing
emails enjoy it oh okay okay okay okay
okay
oh my mr. K swag your car is just
getting a shower vinery because we want
mommy and daddy to think we're teen or
grandpa and grandma whatever would be
gay spend a couple hours of awaiting I
was too late to meet with the airport
because their flight like Stannis was
updating and I thought it was later than
actually was but the way outside car
rental place like an hour and a half now
they were about to come out and we want
to head out in such a rush a convention
seaweed is broadcast so if I can tell
you what it was all those broad things
basically a sharp thing away because you
know girl love is all about women
supporting women and I wanted people
question why that's so important a lot
of times when I talk about ending the
cycle girl and go hey people like listen
those bigger problems in the world this
is my point of view on this you know
there is so many issues in the world
impacting women negatively and people in
general negatively but the way to really
really tackle those issues and fight the
good fight is to come together we can't
come together and sisters if we're at
each other's throats and the
entertainment industry and in high
school and teaching our younger girls
that is cool to find other girls if
that's not what it's about it's a
parking person that's going to tell me
me both work that's what the broad talk
sounds like a symbol for it's not about
not wearing a bra and throwing your
bronzer it's about that broad support of
them so it's a symbol of support tossing
it was like throwing the support other
women to say that yo we're in this
together
I support sisterhood I support us coming
together to help and fight the good
fight for women around the world
everywhere that's the boss is above and
you're not right your friends may also
do it so a little bit confusion around
it but I'm very happy with it I'm so
proud of it I think it's very very cool
it's very symbolic and no toxic bras
support when wound a sports
International Women's Day I'm not
wearing red but I will my go home I just
want to say probably focus on Washington
you know I'm a FEMINIST a large will
roll their eyes when they get there or
some guys and some girls will be like no
what about like so-and-so what about
guys and what about this and what about
other things in the world did you know
that it is like factually true that's
the
planet would drastically improve be a
healthier place women got more education
and more empowered it's a fact so if
women are empowered doesn't just
positively impact women actually impacts
everyone on the planet our kids are
young our son our daughters our husbands
or Father's almost everyone gets
positively impacted because when women
are educated empowered they know more
about childbirth a bit more about
nutrition more about how I could go on
almost forever but girl love is so
important but that girl let nobody learn
enough that you're putting the membrane
because all of the holes right obviously
welcome fingers all that home genealogy
down all the way to do you really mean
that Bella together and we can have a
home all right you come on in bed hurt
it need to go on one of my help getting
destroy someone
thank you the Canadian soil she's met
them well yes in your own bed and I
tonight I want to go walk my baby
supplies oh my gosh
China besides your beer oh yeah I know
you need me I'm just gonna be over here
although my response on my dad glad
before you and not worth it let me tell
ya
the president was shot here you are look
I don't have a budget in mind well you
have it in my house that's okay it's
yours
this is your home this is your house is
your California you get away he like
every year it'll have some images my
uncle Tai Chi do you think basketball
Wow
high five alright okay see yourself s
coaches Wow show me ball Tommy ball oh
oh
humble where we yet again are you oh
yeah like your red fog light rain red
today pull it International Women's Day
yeah it's like a flame I think it's like
the fifth day to roll my target sick I
mean mom mom you got them to LA what is
what those are my cameras are my
champagne oh she's like oh you recording
me oh yeah yeah oh I have a mommy in my
home what are you making I know you love
it it loves you what are you making I'm
making what are you making stuff ah not
a have something for you
oh that's for you
where did tomato one no no thank you
take another trouble Thank You lovely
I do love me figure out you love me
making that you love me we're having a
label making party and we started with
nada fun then hunt you made a label
attempting to clean all the powder I
know I know you might be wondering where
the hell happened to my gambler just now
indispensable corner right here Tombo
tried to fix my camera like a good
friend and just was the result what
forensic looks like so this would be the
rest of the log can be a fun game yeah
when I left I and then the handbag oh he
chose wrong hey no one's gonna I'm so
tired if I think that way 10:26
oh I've missed call her mama hold on
anxious about stuff in your ears account
disagree my room the next week to
Mississippi a bed an air mattress but
not I like was so sweet and kind
decorated it and they both care and eat
cuz we create butts I got two of them so
I'm going to wash my face and go to
sleep okay like oh goodness if I don't
know how I function today on one hours
sleep
I know got an idea so that's what I'm
gonna do I'm not going to try to talk
because so I will just talk thank you
take my family's here looking for to
gain good night's sleep so I can
actually be alive spend time with them
tomorrow thank you to everyone who
supported the bra toss even thank you to
everyone that totally misunderstood it
or didn't like it for whatever reason
it's all about exchanging energy or in
this together so how do you integrate
take a and I don't talk to toe if you
liked it subscribe
you like subscribe and you'll also a lot
of my shows for tour are sold out you
want to come to my show
chill W loosing book.com slash tour is
where you need to go like I mentioned
before every show I do there will be 10
secret golden tickets given away and
those people will to link themselves and
one guest to come backstage after the
show and hang out with me so if you want
to express you know what to do
