good morning the time is 11 something
over a few hours ago sitting it to at 3
o'clock are better now I am headed to
the YouTube space to shoot some stuff
but before I started with my day I just
wanted to be like yo let me talk about
some real real ish and that is that
she's a shock you know because I'm still
a unicorn I'm going to just dive right
in I'm still unicorn I try to be really
positive but it's not positive all the
time
and from that 2 3 weeks it is this month
I have had a really hard time with
loving myself and I know that sounds so
hypocritical because all I preach about
is loving yourself and positivity but
sometimes I put the camera down
I'm not and I feel like in the past
month I've struggled so much was like
loving myself and knowing who I am and
it's been in a good array of things and
this morning I just woke up and I was
like I don't like this like if I'm
honestly for the past month it's like
every hate comment I've gotten says for
some reason bothered me like I feel like
I've drained your resilience too and I'm
pretty used to first class month I'm
like maybe they're right like maybe
you're not good at this maybe I'm not
funny maybe everyone thinks this is just
me and I've had a lot of self-doubt and
a lot of just like not being my friend
and not liking who I am and feeling like
I'm a bad person to a bad job then I
woke up this morning and I posted I'm
hooking my bra things with by today
you'll know that it's like a bra toxic
integrated National Women's Day and you
when I saw the video my fall I have like
my back has like these back rolls and
someone come to me like yeah you're fat
your back rolls and like hit my
self-esteem so hard and I was like ah
bloody that was like a double-edge store
because it was mean and it hurt my
feelings also it was like the awakening
I needed to be like yo since when are
you just person who lets other people
control how much you love yourself and
I'm just like no that was my awakening
this morning I refuse to be that person
I freaking love myself and this morning
I talked to myself in the mirror and I
sat there and i was like yo it doesn't
matter we want you to say it doesn't
matter if someone comments on your
Instagram picture you know who you are
and goddamn love yourself this is a
reminder we're starting up to do the
reminder to you
Amerigo that's what to you you need to
be your friend and don't you dare sit
there make yourself feel bad for
anything no you are know why you're
amazing know all your accomplishments
and freaking love yourself and we all go
through the stuff okay
that's where 2 minute rant now
post-production figures wake up get
ready did that point to the YouTube
space I'm shooting club with two
different channels socially so they are
through the awesome girl of stuff my
name is Simone
to make my video for tomorrow Thursday
phase one day which is pretty much me so
the new and improved Lily then a whole
bunch of house stuff the house of a man
going to doing this post-production
because it's going to be a infinite
scroll but a lot of house stuff is going
to go down but aside from all that today
I am going to love myself for Who I am
unapologetically fast rolls of fat
sometimes doesn't make funny jokes
sometimes get this even though because
when I'm angry I was it no I am freaking
beautiful even if that's a fill in my
eyebrows even about that but I am proud
of myself I love myself and that's what
I'm going to say and do and feel genuine
for the rest of day and you should do
the same next I can brand new shoes
today with them Nike that's what happens
I can see all my clothes where we're
going Kyle YouTube please I excited you
were a teacher as if it's not freezing
cold and like it's going to be fit
enough Oh times a to collapse in the
first one was I ready for this because
kind of adorable vicious all sit down
poet know the Melton's I adore I do the
second time we met yeah well I feel like
instant BFF is so sweet so cute I call a
fangirl when it's on Wednesday diverges
or just after I met them the first time
those are the evil twins what they're
not evil doc she's very nice okay what
can we talk about legs or seeing where
you're watching him on the beach I don't
know it was like it was like a first
time meeting here oh really like hey hey
intake summary that sounds great I don't
know what's off and I sounds great I was
all my interactions like that wow wow
let's say we can too often and
immediately ate a handful skittles
proving she's on my dream love love I
miss you too baby hey nice I'm a
surplice also included and into minima
communities to I'm like a beautiful
sandwich so multicultural diverse
endless hated when waiters like that
what are we doing we're going to stick
with our child I've never been on your
channel you know them I don't eat advice
we construct music correct yes I know a
person that is interested yeah right
right you're grieving okay good I feel
like just be polite we're doing the
broselow challenge which is super dope
in honor of gorilla there was kind
enough to tongue a girl up in the broth
ah stuff and we're going to basically
put items into a broth and swing
something basically what I doing pretty
much every tube introduces yep really Oh
summer birthday right boom collab number
two does so much a positive female vibes
and energy going on can you feel it all
their home people wait
you feel that insurances look what
that's all my hello who you are
I'm Priam I'm Chrissy oh you love
females oh yeah gay I gave I mean like
that oh yeah how are no judgments you
can mean however you want to be news all
unloved look at you some dope knit boy
their channel where can they see it oh
we're bringing Christa YouTube sauce
cream crispy is so easy it's so ikan you
smell it so just again Bri Aang CHR is
my not their first rodeo clearly we
asked you smellin like Al Kyle what's
the rest of my looking at everyone else
I got so my day but I should've dealt
with me so much us we have the same
camera well we're gonna kill me rate of
the cameras right in there whose cameras
in the worst place but typing but no I
think it's mine I'm gonna go higher then
screen is that's a lot you could look at
yeah okay my baby maybe yours is all
broke up but here okay you're way image
it's powdered yeah
powdered a natural glow we're all
symptoms here I'm parabola great how did
you oh that better than my pupil I
collab blend great I'd feel that it's
great bringing so much good energy we
are now heading over to sunny and
beautiful we're blessed and loving
myself you ready focus I want money what
everyone should love themselves
we're posted three teaser videos about
the brought on child in my Instagram and
part of me letting myself in is not read
those comments because like I was
purposely trying to allude to being
something suggestive although it's not
it's going to be something empowering
we're not heading home and I got to
shoot my video so all today I thought in
one victory I was like oh my god I post
video tomorrow but notes Tuesday to
shoot my video but I have to hold it so
my family coming tomorrow morning glad
things to do let's go
improvements are being made things being
examples one when you need that light
face of tastic regard we go some in a
lot of offices a good wall sir what up
it is 825 not on humble are staying to
do some work and I'm doing the target
run we're dividing and conquering I'm so
lucky you have friends that help me
they're doing so much work I love you so
much I also I wake up on eight but
that's okay I'm gonna go to Target right
now and I start to record my video and
it's a close friend hot cuz you know the
videos advanced now it's Tuesday that's
like last minute services you really and
I go kind of a little bit stressed about
oh but it's okay it's clear target get
it done right I'm sorry I left you in
the car I got everything I need that
target now we're heading home is 925 my
cheek shower cream a lot to make a video
that we go newest position very very
ready all right I need to make my video
progress is being made
I've decided I'm reacting to Ariana
Grande's video every day every day every
girl's going up is significant only one
is now but it's really funny I like it
though podcasting me hey you can't see
me when the cream face so that I have
the song I don't I was three a measly
640 a.m. we just said I think it looks
good so a few things to do but we're
well on our way the situation give these
troopers here you're gonna come to fix
of things going a little bit and your
patio furniture right there yeah first
of all what the hell
second of all what the hell okay I just
don't even know look at this bit what is
my wife's book I got taken out for an
hour before I have an interview after we
go about 8 is 7 right now I'm asking for
an hour
my sisters and family flip delayed a
little bit so I believe what I'm after
I'm very content no regrets that was a
picture put up on pooping
she believed she could so she did hell
yeah that was anything amazing I just
did accept everything very very
productive day thanks for joining me on
today yo Ricky my opinion to my tour
last book for losing both accomplished
tours in Toronto some of the venue's are
already sold out so make sure you go do
that if you want to take care of that
but nothing else I have seen you and you
like it subscribe
Danny what is good
you can't see me you can't see me you
can't see me you can't see me you can't
see me
