know something for you Kyle go ahead
read it yeah treasure hunt ease what
there is matter treats with your name
let's go
I have so many secrets welcome back to
loosing blogs I feel like it's been 84
years since we've spoken
it's been 84 years literally but there's
a good reason it's a good Lisa's so I
haven't blogged one because I kinda
don't want to but to the better reason I
am planning something secretive not for
you actually for my team because they
review my vlogs and help me post my
vlogs I couldn't talk about in the blog
but today I can't because it's happening
today and I'm so excited here's the
mission I'm gonna go bra shopping clean
the house climb a scavenger hunt to have
a team Oh
themed party a lot more to things that
they do to make this happen but those
are all the ones I can think about for
the mission let me show you so just a
few team members not everyone everyone I
was able to make we're having a clue
themed party why he's doing 12 claps of
Christmas we weren't able to have any
team Christmas office Christmas anything
we tried to and then a lot of things
happen and my team wasn't able to
celebrate or have any type of yo it's
Christmas we did it so it's the new year
it's January 15 but we're gonna do it
because I want to just give them that
normal team thing because they don't get
to do a lot of normal team thing it's
crew theme here's the deal I set up this
table I learned how to fold these
napkins like that okay these although
look glass or plastic that's a theme
everything looks expensive it's lesson
this is where we're gonna eat I'm gonna
cook them dinner here I'm gonna decorate
I got some floating keys I'm gonna hang
up as decor I got more candlesticks I
got the weapons from clue as well the
rope yadda yadda yadda I'm gonna make a
whole decoration Jing but that's not all
for them to find their gifts they have
to go through a scavenger hunt I'm gonna
do a bunch of different things I'll show
you those when I figure it out I have so
many things to do to make this happen I
have six hours which seems like a lot of
time but it's not so I get to work oh
there's so much to do course there's
also videotape so just release my video
somehow managed to do super 16 maneuvers
like running right I'm sweating I'm
literally sweating here's the issue I'm
running into right now which is why I
had to postpone 30 minutes I told him
stupid
issue the backlight flashlights I got
you'll you'll know why I need them in a
second the battery they require is not
listed anywhere on it or in the product
description online so some strange
batteries I'm gonna have to go to the
store behind me that fits this stupid
t-shirt run to story at the last in the
food get the batteries and then we'll
show you what's going on channels to
Sandy for braiding my hair I'm running
so behind I'm 22 minutes before people
show up I'm getting all the stuff read
yours how the scavenger hunts gonna go
they're gonna get a car during dinner
the dinner is gonna direct them back
outside the door and which will have to
wait 90 seconds for they can enter when
they enter their first Clues behind my
crooked smile my mouth all right
cricket smell in there is clue number 2
which does read in between the lines if
you need help the answers in your Kyle
they're gonna think Kyle in person who's
gonna be here but no no no no no this
Kyle where there's black light
flashlights and when you read the clue
that says reading between the lines with
the black line flashlight it'll say x
marks the spot which is boom when they
open that it'll lead them to their next
clue which is safe find this thing and
if you don't find it one of my team
members will later on the week now
broken always wears an eyepatch reshoots
so in this yellow side pack is a
combination lock that I create or buff
from Amazon I created it password is 203
0 7 and they're gonna have to look
around the house to find how to figure
out those numbers whoo 5 includes well
shall I go materially pretty get those
five clues and lock the final scroll
save your gifts or where there's
Dragon's Breath and that is in the trunk
of my car
your car's no need to change vibe vibe
live custom mission ooh new jacket check
it out alright got it okay alright
kablammo let's do it miss peacock has
arrived from Paris miss white looks like
freaking adorable Carlo mustard
professor plum you guys like it I'm
about to pop this champagne and turn to
our ratchet selves good everybody's
gonna get unbuttoned real quick we got
some dessert salted caramel no butter
apple something something no bear lava
cake something something
being for the non berries all right
guess the time is arrived no something
for you Kyle go ahead read it yes dear
yes huntys would this matter there are
trees with your name let's go before you
can receive them let's play a little
game follow the rules to claim your
prize but you must start where your
guests arrive a fullness you're required
to wait before you hit that button and
it opens the gate I'm so terrified Wow
limericks so Lily's sending us out of
the house and then we are allowed to
re-enter in 90 seconds it's going to our
winning okay good evening friends here
your hunt begins before the start keep
in mind a few things that maybe some
filled with and covers are drawers and
you are free to roam on all four floor
and every clue you solve a shot must be
consumed and another if I give you a
hint I give it to you
welcome again please stay a while your
first clue is behind my crooked smile
Oh what about who number one is behind
my crooked smile
that's not smile I know you're very
competitive wait could be a movie poster
having that brightener oh it was like
this all behind the smart good job well
done
Wow so hard until you learn to read
between the lines if you figure out how
to adjust your say I really
your loss it's been a while hi folks
near tile
there must be something of you will
picture something because it's nice
Columbia diamond summer
then don't know drawers it can't be in
it oh yeah those are for lights are they
black lights they are experts what are
you guys doing right now Kyle found in
front of the X I have nothing X's the
pausing cuz you want a hint yeah take a
shot that's the one clue that if there
is scavenger one light so it's just
about finding the X Taylor was that
something what a picture it
because I know you so well did you say
that what oh my gosh oh that's not it oh
my god I don't like this you should have
you should somewhere I'm just gonna
leave you guys since you're not even in
the right room less than 10 minutes
oh where was the ex Kyle I've known it
Oh what is the next no come on Zoe for
later
looking at me for your next hint one of
you touched where the exes yeah I found
it I found that drilling I touch that
spot don't begin to ash weak now you
must find a special lock if you don't
what do you let you go through some mail
what do you first sure do like what do
you do weakly I will spare you that I
dumpster dive I need you the mail
you said the mail already no no the mail
now yeah in the locker I knew no I had a
mailbox this week could be next week
could be week after I think we do it
pretty often shoot I know you guys are
trying to use a hint of when I'm
vlogging and what I'm blogging and I
love that that's like keep blogging so
Kyle made a good point you balls
upstairs we're pretty confident it's not
up there I was just telling them that
sometimes quiet sometimes ravers here
lives really loud neighbors next door
you've been here more than three times
you've been told it's not user forbid
any gold rope a person who can't get
much paler with skin is watching oh it's
red weird it's one per each of these see
one two three four five one two three
four five you've been here more than
three times you've been told you cannot
use our forbidden gold Oh yellow yellow
napkin I'm gonna go look under the
yelling Atkins it's zero is there under
the Ilyn a pianist a broken prison whose
neck at much paler with skin that it's
the manikin upstairs in the production
closet it's 3:00 in the band
yeah both home well this pans broken 0 3
yeah ger for this is definitely the
hardest one you reach the end of your
time well we could negotiate to give you
10 more minutes if you meet me in the
kitchen we can discuss this negotiation
I will be down
we need the remainder we think how many
moments do you think you need let's talk
about many more ants do you think we
need based on our performances I think
10 is more than reasonable let's go with
10 is gonna fire some of this you know
first fact it is hustle harder and
manikin so we know zero three zero we
don't really have two interesting okay
very interesting you disagree the last
one is by far the hardest yeah the first
one not so much and your time starts
snap oh oh is this right I don't know
let's start due process of elimination
let's find the first one she also said
let's not do process elimination because
we got that one right so even though you
know I said no process of elimination
you're cheating home one uniform no no
this is the plan to lower your senses so
you weren't able to quickly think no
can't get commentary what's going
through your mind right now right here
what's going through my mind is I
accidentally opened it and I need to
actually solve it what does that sound
like what is that the story of sometimes
quiet sometimes
Cramer's here lives oh its neighbors a
movie poster upstate Oh what number is
it - okay good
one last step do not grow tired your
gifts are where dragons breathe fire
Game of Thrones this one I'm gonna make
you guys stick together
a person who should really get this is
Taylor one last step do not retire your
gifts or dragons breathe fire
how do dragons refire their propane tank
look dragons don't have propane tanks
don't know more about this than I do
their timer is done but obviously I want
you to find your gifts so you guys need
to get it together I'm very happy this
is harder than I dissipate it know what
does he say yeah yeah when she commands
her dragons let's in her car it's true
chorus the word I'm gonna do some laps
part no I mean well yeah so I am blank
plum mister but no no fessor cool okay
so I do what teach okay what's the other
problem at not judicata no tutor
non-university below the levels below
universe yeah Bert the nail but now if
the person to feature newscaster you
send out the press yes it's not 11 it's
12 13 14 good things he was another 10
denicio did you know it's similar to the
first thing you said midnight noon they
go it's kind of like a pancake but not
your butt okay I want to see the core so
I go down to that you scuba dive you are
smuggling yes it's not a clutch hey
Samar when you audio smuggler
whispers learn I look in direction
something glasses people I want my
clothes in the bathroom mirror Universal
Studios is a
on the weapon nice that mics up
but will it come out what do you press
make the barrel true to that is a blank
island company time oh my god
your angles turn red Pazhani yep this is
something frat boys where it's a toughie
okay no no the rope think about it's
pink it's yellow maybe no or what colors
okay it's a type of those it also has to
do with the holiday with the Bunny
Easter Bunny food okay rabbit you almost
died in a missile Blanc a tack launch
the word that was on your phone missile
strike thank you you look down at
someone's butt that burns no listen
Jenny well you can get it well you can
okay the final scores are the boys 42
the girls
43:57 I would say a very successful team
Christmas dinner I'm gonna just stay a
little bit longer and clean up all this
stuff because I know my team's gonna
arrive tomorrow and clean it up if I
don't do it and I feel like the complete
package on the gift would be any
cleaning up everything so let's do it
done one of the gifts to my team by the
way was a coffee machine because they've
been dying for that but everything
spick-and-span I would say a mega mega
success ever had a great time I freaking
love my team I hope and pray everyone in
their life it's surrounded by people
like my team that's a true thing let's
see how we did today
you
so I release out to everyone that
checked out my video today cheap person
intervention I think it's so far is
based on true story also one of my team
members bought menu frying pan so y'all
can stop hating on me now
even though the old one was perfectly
fine and nothing was wrong with it
stay tuned until tomorrow where the
Hustle is gonna continue and we're
officially done with the holidays until
then whoo if you liked it subscribe do
you understand that when you're watching
this today I'm gonna finally take my
Christmas tree down you know how happy
I'm that issues been taking up space for
way too long now I'm about to get my
house back and now I just feel I just
feel like something's concluded and the
hustle it's gonna be ruthless it's gonna
be roof
