today dude good morning it is truly more
what time is right now mountain tent is
a boy in my room 10 a.m. I already done
so much here's what I've done
post-production fingers released tour
days been there done that happy soon day
loosing book.com slash tours where you
go ticket also right now now now now now
now now we release the tour video
fantastic tour dates and where to find
them doing we had two interviews on the
phone in my bed don't ski I'm about to
go make myself some breakfast
and then I'm gonna get my any ear pieces
molded after that I'm gonna get a hot
tub installs no big deal and then I'm
gonna go home do you wanna buy something
but I got my walls painted I'm gonna
blast this up from my house I'm gonna
make this house legit yo but if I come
all that I am going to be so grateful
the entire day and at least once every
10 minutes be so thankful that I can now
say I'm embarking on my second world
tour because of you teens but we're the
best things ever happened to me a
goddamn love you well Charles the colors
work so hard how you're disappearing in
the length you're disappearing the life
Casper Casper the day-to-day manager
everyone worked so hard on this and one
thing I learned from a TTY let me give
you some real realness is almost huge
control freak when it comes to tour
stuff so much this needs to happen this
time that a second earlier not that some
happiness and this time only to
promoters prematurely released tour
dates which is still too too many but
it's a big improvement race to you I
that's okay because with every tour I'm
learning in my next tour is going to be
in the mothers and contractor like if
you announced or days early you will
have to owe me a yacht and 17 bars of
gold like it was better than like seven
so tickets are out go get on let's go
make some breakfast often unless I'm
going abroad box feeling myself it's a
good day
quality of closet cleanser here quality
we both wanted are you in my closet
coming out of the closet for the second
time let's go eat some breakfast
Debu bacon agencies now little blush a
little bit of a friend a little bit of a
goodbye good morning my friend
gratulations the tour is officially home
are you go tom I'm coming to choose
which one stay tuned
so what can happen is a crane gonna
bring my hot tub right here
will it put it
welcome to MTV Cribs slide three missing
superwoman
come on balance reported on them all the
day were Drummond becoming hot top unity
agency and that hot tub man that guy
like cutest artful look so it was the
greenhouse go so we can put all right
also Pat tall and wide open us living a
whole bottle and also when we go to plot
500 oh god it's getting real close
wouldn't tell us given FL I'm so
devastated I mean you talk up all the
time there's really all those things
like normally you also have on the array
so now I'm not supposed whatever was a
girl
raisin bran cereal some my elbows asking
for the raisins but you don't
what this thing this is some sort of
some dinner which is I press them pick
the jet so one is like for neck and one
is like for intense that's a full body
one right there yo dog speakers bill
didn't die with you there's a phone
thing somewhere hey I do you can put
your phone in there yeah there's also
the Wi-Fi yeah going on there's
something so far down my ear it's cool
Vista my brain occurs whether you're in
district hello look didn't you scratch
me here we go you alright job
oh wow definitely here
crepes apart - okay so this is my seat
that I custom design because it has you
next a vinegar blast away all my
headache on my YouTube annotations from
all my tour promoter ticket details to
frickin press all that stress we blast
away right here all these hate comments
if I'm so annoyed with you you'd be like
what's up and I'm heading to the Home
Depot wasn't eventful morning already
Corday's hot dog in here chill in the
game I'll make a home keep it'll buy
some pain because today we're painting
my living room to accent walls that are
yellow have a cool stripe idea and
upstairs sum1 wall blue that's what's
crack-a-lackin' I might even buy some
chalkboard paint while I'm at just just
a fun I'm seeing I might want to put
some chalkboard somewhere that's good
home people and pray someone in that
establishment knows what they're doing
all right that's what I'm thinking just
coming right here called yellow Jubilee
unless you can see the Sun but it's a
nice yellow color debating between all
these that's when I like the guest room
this one I here called Hacienda blue or
something of that nature is what we're
going for another Sun kind of glaring on
them but that's a good problem to have
le Sun let's go I apologize the swear
words you heard I thought it was
offensive versions of songs it was not
it's okay the freedom of expression that
dmx chooses to express and you then
we're okay with that
whoa pppp
it's got a hot tub tutorial with all the
chemicals and all the maintenance
requirement like it's a hot tub or a
child letter understand but super dope
it is being up right now maybe we'll use
it tonight we'll see though we got a lot
of work to do because I like this Kings
and patrons coming in about 45 minutes
wearing it some ish painted scene but
also buying a TV today and a bunch of
other stuff I need to do you you know
your dealer is let's get to work
when you're paint or cancel time to find
another painter is happening William the
stripes in the hands of humble I've
never been more confident and almost
ability to do something he's about to do
this right now we're gonna buy TVs and
rods nothing Lego first off is an utter
fail Bed Bath & Beyond utter fail fail
and a half where do you go for the car
is moving where are you going Ella
because she loves my shopping list
excuse me I found it I found that
Shelley is all bad Susan I'm being a
very annoying dress for tonight but most
of every one of them is actually a
Angelina's I don't know why I think a
cripples like I go have enough time I
pop it was like my parents with a
compass on things badly we asked them to
do that it's just that if I don't do
this now I'm going to get ready for torn
want or I'm never gonna do it I don't
have time and the days and that's many
months almost a season it sounds good at
this I'm not good at thing that stresses
me up I don't know anymore dick one
something standing different hours
looking out like pillows being like no
idea and I'm ice cream goes okay Wow on
our mr. K swag just hole we made this is
number one if you get passes it was male
tour bus house we made this whole
concoction ourselves with these little
singable Mullins and those little single
bobber and then right here right right
this is the blue Palm Desert don't
suffer got to tell you exciting news I
have a little secret
kentley too much about it but I can show
you a little sneak peek of what's to
come on Wednesday which is tomorrow
eraser this okay sneak peek
Oh what's going on hold on all you want
to oh you wanna see more if I hold on
well I mean I'm actually take it off or
anything would
okay stay tuned tomorrow tomorrow all of
your field is 2 a.m. we bought
everything everything from Target and
everything from everywhere so we're in
bed we roll the hot tub Wow
what do we think of a ha ha we're never
leaving
am i right there Paulette Paulette
Paulette for the best thing ever is it
race now oh okay wait while not appeared
I don't know where it for I am randomly
somehow some way now I'm going to bed
now
so that I think about all the new you
did it are a good job but because it's
kind of paint on the white porcelain it
is so competitive tomorrow that's work
about Glenn it's just my Lily with the
vent about having a hot shot supported
in years all the house Tyrell is the
last day while we're watching this today
today the last thing we do any health
stuff because tomorrow entire family is
learning in LA I cannot wait to see all
of them so excited and want to be
perfect for them yes Kitty something you
can't wait but there's a lot of us we
don't mind that wake of a system
collapse or don't know if you like it
subscribe if you like it is good this
closet though don't forget that tour
tickets are on sale boss book tour
tickets triple double that losing
book.com slash poor going out before
they sell out
I know all the Seas and all the dates
and everything buh-buh-buh you know the
prayer in my book at loosing book calm
she went do those things in fact I will
be a good day anyways okay wait wait my
