good morning la what's poppin the time
is twelve thirty three I woke up like
two hours ago a little bit of a headache
I woke up with a stiff shoulder next
situation I'm like work it out work it
out work it out work it out but it's not
working too much yo this was poppin it's
gloomy outside it's raining which is not
good please have to shoot a video on the
roof but carry on something every time I
start my blog I have such an
overwhelming amount of sauce I don't
know where to start they're talking like
this organized manner let me just take a
deep breath first and foremost to say
what a wonderful day it's okay if it's
gloomy outside because it's a gorgeous
wonderful day I am healthy and happy
besides my head hurting but that's okay
we will resolve that we have no food
right now but it's okay we're able to go
through shopping everything is wonderful
it's gonna be a great day it'll be a
productive it here's what we gotta do
today both what I should vineyards I
just finished could be a little bit of a
script situation that I need to do
because I here I go again with a little
rewind commendable I just finished
Orchestra little rewind
I just finished you're mapping out my
shoot that I'm gonna have it a few hours
it is for something you don't know about
what you will know about it on Wednesday
is some girl love stuff I'm working on
so that's gonna happen I'm gonna do the
shoot for that after that I was supposed
to have a shoot for my main channel but
I'm deciding to not do that today
because my house is in too much of a
mess there's boxes and garbage and stuff
everywhere and I wouldn't be able to
shoot a good video because it's not the
right environment to do so so scratch
that and instead of my spend the day
cleaning the house organizing the house
my wonderful friends humble not
accountants do have agreed to help me
which is great news I'm not have to go
grocery shopping at some point because
we literally have no food walking dead
today which I swear to God better be
good I just cracked myself better be
good if not then nothing will change
them so they're watching but still
nowhere else my god make me find a
rockin current aside from all that I'm
going to focus on positive energy today
and making this house everything I want
to be because right now it's a little
bit of a hot oven mess but can I tell
you something about time your watches
began the government shut up shut up the
time you're watching this right now at
this moment did you know that my tour
dates are already out and on sale what
are you doing this morning at 9 a.m. PST
my tour tickets went on sale with a
video all my main channel in description
me to go right now because tickets might
dumb people
let me watch it right now worldwide no
no I'm not sure they might not be good
and you lose it well you need to head on
over there right now is worldwide all
six ground sales 90 and this one's
believed finish like this bother be
impossible and go there and buy some
secrets on how to be about two more look
at all these girl bounces right here
don't be sick with you eat some magic
gonna be sick
look it's my shirt right you order this
movie that's a wrap on shooting so fun
fast because we here isn't greater for
like I said I remember something here so
great for like a week and a half and
each of a small little braid not only
her not I'm putting my hair in a bun I
had not used to the weight of all my
hair you mark my head is just pounding
so this is my attempt of like
distributing the weight of my hair
evenly we're done shooting what I had
super girl up like I said I'm not going
to do my mention alrighty another hanger
alrighty another hanger and I'm gonna
change we're going in to help most heavy
shakin oh you see my bra strap oh yeah
oh let go what about this doctor home
activities wild okay
that is a joke yeah can you tell them
what you're looking at so they don't
think it's on you like a it's like dirt
just covering the entire lens yeah but
it what kind of surprisingly okay right
I'm from like the viewers when yeah yeah
that's shocking how much yeah anyways
gonna clear this entire thing that at
one other path yours is to do everything
yeah clean the closet no organized off
the closet we're just fine I would I
could do it can we do it in Surrey web
piled high five ways we go fine the
island I could do it love it
is going down it's truly going down the
place is a disaster because progress is
being made
good job we're doing good doing good
we're doing good we're doing good we're
doing good and downstairs you know some
videos being finalized for tomorrow but
hey the whole people buy some paint
we're going to make this happen by
Wednesday should we bring it all so here
we go
killing the game this is awesome paint
swatches - and now we're going to go
home and watch Walking Dead and resume
back to work would it would it would it
we got Wednesday tea - Tommy days you
and I have I think it's a little bit
because it you resist alright The
Walking Dead is got one chance one
opportunity to seize everything you ever
wanted with me because I swear to god
this episode sucks
I'm just going to complain about it and
really take a lap in but I swear I'll
complain a lot
we're looking for rods also - I don't
mind that one yeah like it's okay go
back to Lindsey it's not sorry sighs
don't worry about it remember it says
why you waste my time Noah you know and
we're looking for the right pattern then
we can talk seto can't hear anything
Donna what's happening still creamy Josh
look what I just framed would it blue
the mother and some progress being laid
I look like our truck ran over me we're
chilling again things are being packed
interview organized let me show you some
if real quick right now and all variance
or any loose event the organization
though you see them seeing the
organisation though it's just it's just
it can't even something worried I know
this powder on you chemically there we
go I'm very proud and very proud of
things are things are good it's like
3:00 a.m. in other words when I first
mini of use real theater yours coming
tomorrow mrs. Cohen well I'm not the
effing hot tub tomorrow for the rest of
my life I'm gonna be raised in a mother
effing raised and dad that's what's up
wash my face I'm getting silly pimples
you know I haven't drank a glass of
water all day getting good drink a
gallon of water right now before I do
that real quick let me just I am
symmetric and and just quickly read
doesn't you I don't know if you'll care
about this but New York City New Jersey
Minneapolis
Minneapolis me Minneapolis okay I can
say that word Atlanta Orlando Austin
Chicago Toronto Seattle Los Angeles
Manchester Birmingham London Mumbai
Hyderabad
Vili Calgary Vancouver Trinidad and
Tobago Dubai Philippines Hong Kong Perth
Sydney Melbourne Australia Singapore
tour dates may well tour cities buy all
the details erm I used to be like a mom
I'm going to all those places on tour to
answer a few questions here we go here
we go here we go we go any put some
information in it almost every single
one of the places I mentioned I'm not
just doing signings only three places
have just signings because there was not
a venue for me to do a show but I've
tried my best to make it where there's
only assigning which is legit like three
places that is a show close by and a
close by city my book tour cuz someone
mentioned I'm basically like um I don't
care what is a ticket to your book tour
it's not just me doing signing it's a
one-hour show as well as the ticket and
the book in all of them so it's not just
that you could buy ticket to come meet
me inside a book though there's a show
except for those three where there's
just signings because of lack of venue
but I've made sure that a new city close
by is also a show so for almost all of
them there's the show and that's what
you get a ticket and almost all about
the book is yes all the details on the
website really Singh Kham shut up
really sing book.com slash tour right
there on the screen
releasing books calm slash or the link
in the description tickets on sale right
now go go go go go go go go
I will also say and not be asking you
because it's not as big of a production
htu I notice me it's no down to the is
and venues are smaller means less
tickets than a DUI that will hopefully
sell out sooner or not then that would
better know like it didn't matter
actually but I'm just doing this more
than you so there's less tickets so if
you want to buy ticket I suggest you go
over well go go yes I might tell us soon
oh my goodness now I can finally talk to
you about how hard it was to shoot this
goddamn video I tried to make look like
one take the press the video took like
the fries on the plate in the Manchester
and the pancake don't know what I'm
talking about let me show you a little
something
I had to glue fries to the plate had to
make that pancake four times those
dominoes da got to suck the multiple
iliyan times that was real we actually
took color on certain dominoes
everything had to be pre-planned and we
walked through the video like a hundred
times before
that's I didn't vlog that day because
like I can't do this too much it was the
hardest view of ever directed we had a
little bit of trouble because the camera
we rented issue with stopped working
halfway and I usually know me you know
when people ask my creative baby I was
like what's after grounds of camera
whose head has to roll right now so as
invested my issue right now and then
that's why we had to problem-solve but
it was such a difficult shoot with all
the extras in the choreography and
making sure everything's on time hope
you liked the video let me know what you
think it was so goddamn hard but I loved
it so so much I came with this idea of
fantastic tour dates and where to find
them and I was like ah this is going to
be plaid mm-hmm come sit on the goddamn
toilet time learning yes I see bunkers
refer to black as judge judge me today's
walk in tomorrow's vlog and all the next
to London I feel a little bit boring and
not too many tricks and not too in fact
until my second I'm trying to get my
house order as two days before my
parents come and I'm just like I can't
focus on like vlogging things cool me
because I need to focus on getting those
things done so I hope you don't mind
causes being made is all great tour
dates are really spaced or verily
unbelief in the morning to release that
video the one you're worried see right
now and to get my hot tub installed do
some interviews and focus on health
stuff for the rest today thank you for
joining in today I hope you had a great
day don't smile if you like it subscribe
did you like it that's good also que yo
yo yell at me okay don't yell any what
happened was because I'm new to have a
one-man good lentil in two months and I
just found on the box right now I'm
packing and I was like oh oh yeah that
was another thing I was supposed to be
ready does another thing also is you
wearing Indian right
my my bad you know what happened oh I
swear next time neck what
