we're leaving we're leaving for the
airport we woke up when we woke up we
passed no the biggest climb and Superman
we haven't eaten up friggin food he said
I feel Trey has a best food and we
literally have not in reported because
we've had no means of getting through
past champion do we just pretty much
starve everything alive when I doubled
one one double on top not even three or
four doubles the years or during today's
post production fingers will have
swatted further that I yeah for now
we're gonna head to the airport I have
to put my visa only won't let me back in
America mental no team super romantic
Prince V da then we're going to Florida
we're going to either all clapping go to
the beach go swimming we I don't know
what we're doing four steps to go
swimming just as well passport departure
card yes go get good checklist one port
with 14 hours to figure it out we have
no plans in the hotel nothing and I'm
gonna go back to LA it's hot I'll miss
Trinidad we got to go and I need to go
get a new more lessons on camera here we
go thank you so much please
baby man
Oh
for double day ridi paisa doubles in the
body
when not order food is anata every time
to order food in a rage yes you see
jealousy is just in case it on like a
bag of so that's the back-up plan cat oh
really
I just completed my trip wonderfully
them at the airport and the one
presidency widened Felix were either
damaged my friend Samantha if you can
ran up through the airport I just saw
her and I'm like all perfect ending to
my trip haven't seen salmon so long
should my friend from Sparano and heaven
so long and I'm so happy and everyone I
see and what I mean ever to reminisce
was the same thing that they're coming
every year cuz I loved it at a single
person has a different idea let go
always that's a monster
never stop
doctors open and go t-shirt representing
for Kyle but he only wears black on
black on black on black and inhabited
she's lasting for 20 minutes that I
don't know why that's the first thing
second thing is example he has the
windows vehicle
this is YC but he said hey I would be
like the winner and I say I was like
shocked ever I can do to be a good Irena
I will do wanted me two years better
than wonderful Rosie no yes hello I'm
not I got sunburned would your weight
really matter what was your favorite
part of the trip unknown area like thank
you for watching my vlogs and wondering
why can't I your humble it's not just
you this everyone give you first first
time watching a bunch of increase the
volume at home will speak because we
speak spoons off no need to be together
I'm design being closed coordinator so
can you say that one more time I know
there is a bright sorrow what are you
doing I don't know what's happening and
what do I know why it's happening before
likeable humble we got this in Brazil
and you use metallized it so
spectacularly never all trips I don't
wet things don't we
I'm above that utilizing beautiful she's
alone again forever to vent the girls
abandoned ever faced the losses born
born to sing how about of the fashion
mmm
we're I'm Florida for a night Laura so
tonight
right now we go to hotel auto just now
refusing to massification and awesome
LED internet with a leaded speaker here
a light of speaker and the security of
the Mayor Pro winding else is the best
anger of airplane ever and on other was
the things that have happened everywhere
we go is it as women microcement or
glorious so we come here of the idea not
a sense is go to the hotel as a hot tub
now the condom in the room the octopus
is wonderful clothes also everyone we
come out everything awesome in the room
no come out the neckline will 1970
couple everybody calm down
is a meal do we see a pattern here
oh my god my second floors of the day
who play this on with you thank you Bob
money keeps us so damn good
so Lily's release the middle has agreed
to the glass so how does tomato there I
booked into the office mail if you email
and confront Isis pay for mystification
and using yes I did not hit the face
hey them at the same time eat him at the
same time any vampire what are you doing
saga niveau you need a normal food that
is tomato and s tomato in sugar go
either eat a 2 2 2 2 you guys are
hilarious he ate a tomato he ate a
french fries with ketchup on it and
acting like they're on episode of fear
factor and at the 8th Kagura
I honestly not worsen samurai now to go
test the water plummet is it cold
well let's gold not actually Purple's
happening my mob has the worst allergic
reaction basically we don't understand
what we're walking and we're surrounded
by cats like literally black cats and
black my cats and they don't care
they're just literally surrounding us it
was like one looks 1 there - there's so
many cats what is happening oh my god
what is happening right now we're a war
movie whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa okay okay okay okay okay okay okay
okay okay we're back it up we're back it
up I don't understand how are we gonna
talk like a hahahaha what's up okay
are we the only ones that are a concern
you wouldn't look at me for a moment I'm
just looking about finest right now not
on time is it 1208 a.m. midnight
let's go back ready okay whose bite
expert right here good peanut I feel
like it's going to crap
you're thinking you're looking at our
face right there that could be the paint
on my Sembilan Miami office yes you
subscribe now you couldn't even be quiet
for that once I can go to work
small math long nap small nap and just
like that education comes up as you fly
back to LA to like set a great carnival
to do she was one of my best first
personally I had an amazing time I
busted all the wines all the wines were
busted was really really deterrent all
of your favorite my favorite was like I
remember you headed back to LA I'm like
with a Ivanka's motion behind one day so
we'll see what happens when I level when
I land and closet something he'll be
done this is so much furniture and house
stuff going on but that's for tomorrow
if you like that if you like is it said
like if uh
