I just like to say Bree you're my best
friend and I hate this lawnmower right
now because it's ruining the whole shot
and I know it is and I know it in green
entry
oh and really engine kind of party is it
okay both of you need to stop it Bree
exist show me your vagina great just
show me your vagina now show me here
again head on any one my vagina and we
woke him out of the same vagina come on
before that my lungs before okay go to
vaginas what I want to see can I get a
line check the vagina okay okay all
right you guys I think we kind of talked
along Mike oh no you did not spell my
name was just to help
I am outside how about that I don't know
what's the matter no no no not at all
not at all
I mean go Venus I did I never say I go
to doc and be like I got my neck broken
tyrannical and let's go move oh my god
every opponent you've ever had I can
yell it damn by fighting I'd be like
yeah really how you feel after that
crash through the mothers and gee that
come at me catch me outside
I want that how'd it feel oh I felt
strong yeah like she did all the work I
don't know I do nothing
