hey are you right - be the leaf dress
person a carnival good morning we woke
up so early to party and drink and our
side shutters that was happening what
time no connects - but what still Lake
is already on the trust but none of our
best costumes this is how both carnival
look right here this is mine among shirt
not only just with shirts you very much
sir know where he really goes cut my
sports bra these funky pass on my
receipt P rather my shell robotically
first-ever costume parade for Carnival
other letters into many in Brazil but we
again are in situation where we don't
have food or eating both retractors to
breakfast and we're need to figure
something out or we're going it's going
to be perfect off your finger today find
some food drink some beverages Borah
carnival bottle wine and where the FI
was yes I smell that we got to take it
all the colors and culture and
experience right now I need to come with
me hopefully between because my camera's
ooh-ah I think a little blurry I
apologize oh come on yep not us not
gonna read our this you're good dies
it's spicy
nurse eCos - thank you sir - okay
oh yeah I want everybody before we
always get I'm silly bike oh yeah I bet
you nobody look at all happy with my
dreams army song I'm guessing on yeah
taking nobody oh my god yeah I guess I
see mother on on his father sighs listen
tomorrow on his old school nurse again
understood everyone today was the best
Ortiz we must be panties nobody not my
field but he is mad at me because
everything is real up I've been nothing
but you're fine you put whatever you
want on this side people too much dude
everybody all sesame probably them all
happy with my piece army not
sticking up buddy oh my god like if I
see someone on his father's side fitness
tomorrow morning so a problem to get
doesn't stop you can't watch people's
funny
they make you feel so dirty in the mud
up to an hour and now we're back on the
road and we're sure to see what they're
the colors of the law but the point is
not some part of us going over but trees
are filled here every night ends the
same that's us trying to find a way home
because there's not that many Hoover's
yesterday we learned that the white vans
that don't say taxi are taxis and where
we ask someone like random would have
you find a taxi to said put your hand on
if a car stops the taxi and if it
doesn't stop it's not exactly so we are
homeless in a white van triple attack
the more you know I love it so far we've
like hired drivers for some commercial
team uber it the taxi will see how are
you at home today no one knows thank you
Kumasi move straight at it whenever so I
already a special muscle mom buying a
place and how much cos except everyone
shows with too much Lovelace fact I love
it I love it so much
people literally jump rings of cars
don't hug me like they stop traffic
that's the parlor car there except Allah
when was my school so right here my
school I mean my heart was like my soul
no matter where we are in the world
something's okay it is ordered like for
meals and it was no you always order two
meals that is it also not as officially
white could not have no sleeper and
helpful in are like what's the Congress
when I breaking out the he's hinting not
like no waters Roger but he we came here
last time to well Karen and Renee
my ears are ringing so hard it's like 11
them think the fish are cooking for also
tired I'm not even a say that we're lame
for being tad silly because we woke up I
like the crack of dawn to party and we
blasted to the entire day call our party
legit no we just watched dirty grandpa
it was pretty hilarious there like it I
thought it was really funny has really
good one-liner jokes
good try that mmm we like chaukhandi
Road booby yeah but you're Gandhi wrote
whatever like that tonight that's really
okay I know when I'm just so asked up
I'm going to find your camera or
something but it was worth it so worth
it for juvik a good drink man today
tomorrow is our last full day in trend
after should look on by so goddamn quick
I know I know and you know I raised
tomorrow worried they're gonna go on a
boat we're gonna go to the beach other
side yeah but no they haven't come in if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe also people is ebooks.com the
first bonus thingamabob er has been
unlocked and it is a chapter from my
book you're only talking about losing
book calm with all the pre-orders gonna
unlock levels of bonuses for me if your
about that yeah facing button up your
mother hamstring today
