hopefully you can see because there's so
much color powder in my leg right now
good afternoon we whistle we were 12
seeing what Street NLC dirty and we're
heading to carnival day one something go
down two hours a week to get this puppet
of a marchell gear here's what's going
on a poster up two fingers go to
carnival five muscles trucks once a
whine whine whine whine piles line path
lines will wine from the line of
goldfish crackers Cavanaugh sometime
maybe someone Guzman evils will see but
have fun it's nice mullet have fun
disappearance like I wish you could see
the camera and how much pattern is lens
right now I sacrifice subscriber last
night my camera is done I don't know you
to see in the mirror the lenses like so
covered in colored powder go through
that day three fine fine fine
third time reading here one time a trip
even though we just finished eating was
still looking for doubles and so hard to
find doubles open and available to
seniors in three days you know double
what I'd like being unable to find
important link Assad regime let's
appreciate out every single place you
lost muscle swing I love it I love it
something very important see like I
remember
humble hold on combo Oh humble what
we're trying to do right now we're one
day behind on the walking dead I didn't
see nothing on Twitter those wide
opening happen you talking Edison with
his boiler robots watch The Walking Dead
in Trinidad where daggering in the show
was going to mean something different
and in this country magnetic agonize
okay I was just saying I'm going to say
The Walking Dead is talking right now it
is sucking I'm not a relative the
episodes are popping up what so I stuck
with mainly a struggle sister short a
long blog now because I think the
montage of the street party was kind of
all that really happened we what an
interesting day it was interesting
niggas you woke up would've at 10 a.m.
took a nap editing remember my days were
together but I'm having the best time
and my team is like asking for scripts
I'm like no I'm on my occasionally when
I come back and I want to do that ran I
want to write a scare but want to listen
so the sleeping on there I was trying to
do it don't be miles we want to come
back I want to be on vacation so you
know the long script that's when I thank
you during their today tomorrow is
carnival like the parade with costing
the cents or so that is 12 avoid sweets
we get up early you can get the truck on
time and have the truck on road vehicles
on the road keep suits and tell them if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe also all y'all tweeting
sayings last year February tour dates
haven't been released now and I tweeted
it updated as well if it was in my
control you have the tour date
we're supposed to have a tour dates by
now but for issues beyond my control
you do not so please be patient I
promise are coming time a bet
