come on breakfast is served
learning running boom sound raining
outside but her remains are ten minutes
a day so Silas is ready it's raining I
will give a 3 p.m. and lollies like you
humidity please lobby this silence ah
nothing was so much fun my body's a
little broken my uterus is dying just a
little bit but our baggage we're going
to ride in looking hours remember my
specimens will be able to shower I'm so
excited and then tonight is something
called j'ouvert which is I got all night
party that is the commencement of
Carnival I guess well before that what
are we doing I have no idea
both dr. fingers have breakfast doing
that - check a few emails and some
something also said yesterday I ever did
do whatever I want go to juvie so I have
an awesome time I'm all that shed my
uterus without some lieutenant
Kim
when in through the dead I've been
working for the past three hours
vacation and a half but we're still
waiting for bags right here nine PM
lollies going out very well 9 p.m. so
each other three hours Oh bag it was a
little grainy and gloomy today we just
okay for me we have like a little semi
leisurely worked it I'm mostly working
doing stuff as a next couple days I
don't have to do anything I'm trying to
set myself up but we're all doing work
so it's not just me rather than work a
spoon
fo make you feel better at work refuse
and better doing work on vacay because
I'm ensuring that it is hot and then
wonderful yes and food then tonight the
thing is also j'ouvert the party starts
at 2 a.m.
this isn't crucial just be resting up
right now it's going to be all-night
party in the tomorrow's carnival Italy
for the next play come tonight the nice
little bit okay yeah great Jackie ah
also they say something
this one is to tap on that me that's a
real thing that happened first balls on
the toilet you walked in and through tap
some fancy it's a real big minute
Patrick that's a real friend
okay I will not I don't work on paws
over pad sometimes injury here we have a
bigger killed the jar me diagram I want
uncomfortable wearing examine anything
we're gonna add some hakufu booze I
don't know Paco food is Indian Chinese
food and the best food on the planet
don't have it in LA we're having fun on
that having true dinosaur get some Hakka
food truck on the road didn't we have a
truck on the road there will be on one
of these trucks for kind of all my cells
trucks so there is greenery look at this
beautiful I'm gonna live here one day if
I leave buy a house here down
oh that awkward moment when it's Sunday
in everything close at 6:00 the hakka
place the grocery place every place no
food we have no food more importantly
have no mixers rogering more importantly
we're running out of vodkas well they
didn't look at sure hold up Oh
everything's closed tomorrow and the day
after too dude everything is closed
Monday and Tuesday as well so we don't
find food right now we're starving with
our food and keep walking next to the
police station there's a gas station
convenience to the gas station that's
open they were going to also yes it was
hosting I got mad gas and a bragging
moment right now so Bunji Garlin was
like a dope artist sings lot of my
favorite songs he was at the party
yesterday
he saw me and came to music hey taking
your hand all the good when you came up
to me I want to meet me mad yeah magma
laugh again toys the gas station have to
translate now would you garland as a
recording artist
Jassa means I'm feeling very great in
your self-esteem Department
sometimes I'm to Scarborough and I don't
realize what I'm saying but he will
translate when those moments out there
somebody's gassed up that just means
it's do a really good about I've just
read jokes I say I'm gassed up it
doesn't mean any of you not as a many an
eyesight test right now because I know
I'm blind which once we feel bad about
myself I can say it'll be one meter from
the screen how I don't want me to come
because I'm on me uh yeah just got a
really good score cold the AC off
without my on here most important thing
we packed right here off let go hold
them don't be so many we're ready to go
to out - go and do me in your
long night boring clothes that are
disposable to your muscles hey hey fight
that's my privacy I hope you know that
you just made the mistake of giving your
number where the whole fire is yes many
suffocate okay Oh blossom miss me move
it boy these are the free
therefore go grab my son's place in some
delicious
how about this view go hold up
this futile this is this is all did you
right here to my crib is sick off of one
stripper pole not I get a little hot
monostable turning pool table into a
ping-pong field is exactly what I wanted
my place oh my god I'm gonna die after
circular motion almost a dream come true
oh my god what is one oh my god
this metal right here when you in my
cell sleep what kind of bar is baller or
your towels bearnaise
oh yeah the pool tables on helping
pontiff exact you looking for definitely
below so that my handsome king you are
in first you make like right from wrong
I know I don't get it so go get it so
cost
please let me get a stories let me guess
I wish you could see my vlog camera
right now it's 8:40 a.m. and this is
what Google hot camera looks like we did
really well I don't even know if this is
very because this pattern we did really
well
they lost ourselves they lost us we got
to be back around one or two so that's
8:40 a.m. and we're gonna pick showers
and Matt for a couple hours and born
your rod well I can't even so much I
says I'm too dirty so I'm going to
pretend it sucks with many sacred joy my
seat today was literally the craziest
I've ever experienced in my entire life
was so goddamn gold in every way to that
I love you guy I love you doll tomorrow
or cabarrus milk cuckoo whoo if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
you're looking great Chang at the fanny
pack up now to come across to subscribe
you back home how do you at first rated
high holistic body bag remover bullet
