five forty five points up there wasn't
aggressive like you know you should get
in there oh oh that's Kyle in lilies Oh
talk about just the real person what was
i a yes or else month my hair blonde
underwear nothing like that okay
i thought i sweden and champagne popping
definitely was rolling big ha ha ha ha
ha ha waiting for sound that's why we're
not rolling yet I'm happy that's apart
who's that half of her
formula
roll it up a tad even against our
enemies
I forgot a song here's the matter day
one was light what do you mean doesn't
my time just in case I decide you don't
know her but I do that good I was like
right I think you're like well we really
sly so that was like referencing all
these videos and like a no one knows but
you know you know you know who you are
you know who you are
