that you have a snack voice good morning
how are you feeling today I feel call
and this morning I don't feel like
yelling but I just feel calm and at
peace and grateful and I feel like doing
this
oh wait does seem slightly widened it
looks like oh my god the entrants gotten
to me we're gonna have a great
productive day together here's my vision
for today's you better write script
watch script to release a video do super
16 go to my inbox go to my styling
appointment watch my nightly movie see
what happens also another thing I've
come to conclusion that my small pimples
I kept you small little little pimple
they're kind of cute it was time to face
tuned here we go so believe it or not
even though all the social medias and
all the things that kids use I'm really
bad at some technological things Taylor
just did something where my screen is
now both of these things look like I can
like literally do this like I know this
existed but I was like what's the point
of this it's not wallpaper by the way
ahead it encouraged me to go the
bathroom this is the thing that you did
which you're a witch in 30 seconds and
already this has malfunction Taylor's
trying to fix it what about if we do
this that probably won't help
they sure twiddle it if this works it'll
be crazy I command you to work humble I
have a riddle for you okay name
something you can put in a barrel that
will make it lighter yeah I won't make
it lighter alright you think on that you
to think on it called don't google it
comment below the riddle of the day what
can you put in a barrel that will make
it lighter what's what's your guess is
it a flashlight that's very unique and
witty but it's not that it's this grin
right here is the grade of someone
figured it out without googling it what
is it humbles oh oh I just sent my first
group the team give me the point and it
is only 250 5 p.m. the day before a
video show Who am I think yeah Shobha
I have stuff it's a really really cute
idea humble actually gave me the idea
he's like you should make a video about
just kidding you wonder where actually
said I tricked you but really fun skip
after one more by the end of the day but
now I have a second to you know check my
emails do something different put my
brain in a different space there's been
this faceless person who just released
your video my parents reacting to
Motorsports school school school school
school school thing release give me
points now stopper super 60 I have all
my Spanx in my backpack that can only
mean one thing one of my greatest
stresses in life and this is a very
privileged problem but still is going to
a fitting when I feel like I'm gonna get
my period I think I've heard yesterday
which I thought I was going to but I
think I'm gonna get today and I just
like can't do fittings on I'm on my
period cause I'm like wearing my granny
pannies so attractive make sure you
subscribe it's such a stress I can't I
can't even deal so I'm not gonna be
extremely stressed for the next 60
minutes standby just finished my fitting
give me the points nothing better than
your fitting when you have enclosed
space that space just so you can go
alright as I jump up and down put on
these jeans no one can see me pays the
door so we're good on my second script
it really stopped I stopped because I
saw one of y'all send me a picture and I
was like I have to comment on this look
at this picture okay can we just talk
about this real quick person says this
to me his name Haiti okay
Haiti Nicole what the hell is this
promotional magazine billboard quality
are you kidding me right now we just
take a look let me just go line some
desert background portrait mode this
month effort I don't even know what
iPhone you use it that's an iPhone 2040
I don't even know god damn and then it's
just like let me not move my arm my
perfectly still limb with team super
there's not a wrinkle not a single
wrinkle in this sweater right now
they're smells like you know me go you
know a fly just props to you fire
literal flames reasons I love my mom is
she makes a million of these on Facebook
and it's literally the best thing ever
more from my mom's facebook feed when
you don't get job yeah now on but very
own brand okay so I spent the last 10
minutes going through my mom's Facebook
be what I should be doing work I'm
watching a moment of peace
they say my mom is a queen and she's
hilarious mom I love you oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god it's 8:42 p.m. and I just sent my
second script I wrote two scoops today
I'm done my work at 8:42 p.m. and I can
watch the movie and live my life and it
is not 3 a.m. it's 842 it ain't I am God
and iam is what I meant there's only one
way to celebrate hold on I've been a
hundred times they have a problem but
here comes telling sister calls me why
do I still have all the word that
Felicity's everyday
so today is my day to pick the movie and
I'm actually gonna pick a movie that
I've already seen which technically
we're supposed to be watching movies
that none of us see him but Taylor and I
both are retailers out here but Taylor
and I both agree that Fast Five is one
of the greatest movies ever I mean I
said that I've know if those were his
exact words I think it was something
along the lines of the rock is the best
it makes every movie I think that's what
Taylor said anyways and you've not seen
it and it's such a good movie in my
opinion Fast Five is the best move in
the entire franchise not just because
daddy came through his professor hot
professor well shut up the were looking
for not professor it's sergeant mister
sir is it just Hobbes actually hmm guys
did you like Fast Five you like Fast
Five wasn't it wasn't daddy great wasn't
daddy great Liv
can you say daddy was great it was nice
it was that is that I cannot refer to
mr. Johnson fortunately really no you
don't think daddy was a snack yeah that
he was a snack boy a friggin vanilla
frosting flavored uncle rule mother
effing snack like the real tragedy in
the movie was he left his t-shirts in
the dryer too long sure Green's shirts
look like they're painted on him like
that
I know you think the same thing to do
what a productive day I'm so happy with
how the day turned out and today when
you're watching this is Friday and I
have two videos to shoot today I've
meant tried to screw him over the moon
about because I just like writing
scripts is a hard honestly it's hard so
after I finished one it just feels so
great
the fact they finished - I'm just like
three oh five six women ain't a mile in
my bank account
I don't but that's what makes me feel
like you guys are - see I always think
about this I'm like every time I swear
my words I just talk really fast and
like I'm weird by nature if you me me
I'm like really weird and I'm always
thinking like my friend somebody's
always there I'm drunk I'm really not
though I just have to say what the hell
we did
Lily had a wonderful spun today I
appreciate you giving me however long
this vlog was X amount of minutes as
part of your day and if you haven't
checked on my main channel video yet my
parents reacting to Motorsports good you
can do that the link will be in
description I'll also be the end card
and tell tomorrow
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe can I also just say I can't
wait till next week when Kyle is back
and my whole team is back together and
we got so many fun things planned for
next week next things a really lit week
so make sure you subscribe to the blog
channel because I've so many things up
my sleeve that I can't tell you about
yet
he's Kobe it's gonna be cool
