call good afternoon the time is 12 3 I
slept in actually look about 10 person I
was like no no no need to sleep in more
girl because you deserve it you slept on
a plane for the last two nights hallo
girl so I slept in I put on clothes and
I put a little bit of makeup reason
being active a grocery shopping guys
literally no food here's we're going to
today fingers he first of all most go
grocery shopping like I said I literally
have no food I went to a breakfast Mel's
like oh I'll have a bowl of air I guess
after that I had to work on a script for
tomorrow's video I'll see to prep for a
meeting I had today have the meeting
today watch The Walking Dead Carl read a
script do emails I think that's what's
missing some a screen this lamp at the
Queen the Lance a lot of things aside
from all that I want to have a healthy
day lots of water trim some healthy food
with step for the one hour treat of The
Walking Dead Carl that's a plan let's go
grocery shopping and get some food let's
go
alright so I made a list a monocle
grocery shop and get this I'm going to
buy the ingredients to possibly try to
make Indian food I've never competed
with my level to be disastrous chances
are five minute so now my house is gonna
be on fire but stay tuned I wish I had
some hands would help me okay
oh there's one I need a little more
multiculturalism oof oh there we go
regular coffee dropping to my five whoa
that was really good sorry one more time
I will you'd even in my hands take three
and okay so one was at me in the face
let's go okay sounds bye bananas which
means M
I'm behind you tricky little
cyberbullying portrait we just run go
shopping
we did pretty well with stuffer laughing
zone I want to go boxes you can choose a
little where I can but they don't really
have it in many stores else we need I'm
gonna make that sick like baked chicken
meat bacon see me
baked needs a lot of goin right fake
fake fake fake thank you we go the cars
open special code call the button open
Jakarta yo this is a freestyle almond
milk
it tastes like silk we got lots of bread
it's good for our head and we got some
multi-grain to keep us all sane we got
some cheese to keep out on these huh we
got great what you know about grapes
what you know about grapes get and be
like a like Godzilla we the thrill us
huh umm rap is all day that's when I say
go to the car s and be like hey that's
good no were in the old hood to go to
Lapham's walk down memory lane ting ting
I had yeah I love doing things that I
bring back some memories cause I do
everything to do
Oh Sunday we knew it close the news they
Sunday damn it we knew this to support
you uh alright we just got groceries and
it's 3 p.m. as he's a breakfast loaded
we're in blood look look it was
Elizabeth I can't talk to people who are
so inferior to meet in ping-pong look
good looking it's been a minute I
apologize and I keeping you up to date
and keeping you all up in the corner
neglect finish I'm gonna close the doors
walking guys will to go down an hour and
a half no walking Jade Oh Grammys are
also happening which I'm going to try to
watch not only have cable or TV or how
that works oh we're going to figure it
out I've been doing work doing email
getting a lot of a done it's about
to write about post right now so we get
my creative writing juices flowing by
the way a lot of people have asked me
this I have said it as well on Twitter
but someone's like why you doing way so
much of your book with all these posts
like what we're going to read every post
you've read is something I've written
additionally those are not chapters of
my book I might sneak peek one of the
chapters but those posts I read like
even on Instagram on Facebook that's the
new things I'm writing just to be ok
this is my writing style these are the
type of stuff in the book but it's not
directly from the book those all new
stuff so I'm not like giving away my
book this is an FYI who does good hosted
Oh Jordan
I'm about to make some vegan chicken
cheese type situation
hot dog cheesesteak things
boom come on come on right whoa
so I'm not sure about the softness but
try to see what's up got cheese being
peppers red peppers onions a little bit
of vegan chicken with some barbecue
sauce I hope it's okay you'll just lie
about it you tell me to look at not on
who doesn't meet baked chicken green
peppers red peppers onions or spinach
what do you have there I can cheese a
lot of cheese it's finger in a hot dog
what everything's better in all the good
it's a fact
oh we hang on to another and I cut it
out we're a clean salad it's not for
walking dead on line play one more games
I don't care if I never beat you again
palm oil is better let me just preface
this by saying I'm always good for
yesterday she posed for humbly is
definitely better than the access game
but I would have cried myself and
beating him that one time we'll have got
much better
oh thank you appreciate that thank you
so he's definitely better homo on but by
different twice twice twice sorry
13:11 without clothes 11 I'm getting
better I think you have to move in that
way did it I did it it uh-oh that way
it's time for do you do you do you think
alright a little past midnight I got a
lot of work done I'm going to do a
little bit more on the worst thing to
see when you're tired just want to go
into bed and write if you know this an
unforgettable so you're gonna dress this
real quick boom I think might take a
quick shower I feel my hair is very kind
of messed up I'm trying maintain it for
my next shoot you know try hair spray
and stuff cranking my hair on point
speaking of which let's learn five new
things you're a five random facts about
hair number one terrible slightly faster
in warm weather conditions because he
encourages hair growth almost in LA like
hello number two when wet a friend
your hair can stretch 30% its length
that's right surprised you're here the
transformer number three your hair
contains information about everything
that's ever been in your bloodstream
including drugs and all types of stuff
so that's what I use it for forensic
evidence so you know even with a minor
in cycle two pole a of course I hold on
look at that I'd be humble and pink on
yesterday number four as soon as a hair
is plucked from its follicle a new one
begins to grow yay number five we shed
between 40 to 150 strands of hair a day
just like drop my wig in the drain after
shower at school or my crew written a
dream to hell applause or you don't not
anymore because you just learned five
new things
boom coconut oil on my face to the quick
arm workout and I'm going to read a
script while this look on my face man
and promoter bet you'll in the game
talk with many thanks for joining in
today superbreath remember back in the
day when I said rejuvenation sundaes
numbers like wherever our artwork is I
mean everywhere around where I work but
it's all gonna be just all part of the
game and got hustle harder and I had
another leisure time watch The Walking
Dead Carl just bring a shorter car no no
I'm done but I'm ready to watch The
Walking Dead and get your priorities
straight
tomorrow I have a busy day with writing
a script and memorize and suffer
addition I have on Tuesdays to do some
general work I really put aside some
days to health stuff but that has not
happened yet because been keeping added
to my schedule i'ma try my best in
kaldur'ahm kukuku if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe get
hold up I mean you sneak peek other
videos and coming up to date on my
channel and just start making up the
words for the song you think you know
before I even attack the local I even a
sexagon Oh mommy mommy go for no banana
taxi and even though you know the words
you're saying or wrong does that prevent
you from screaming them at the top of
your lungs in public hell not you commit
I'm gonna go job I know what I thank you
said Oman boys on my desk in Georgia
you're hoping during that sneak peak if
you want to the full video it will be
out on my main channel link is in the
description right your blog main channel
links right there that issue what's on
your phone don't forget to pre-order my
book triple of it up triple everything
book calm net I mean check out the
website check out all the places it's
available check out where it's available
do some mechanics and see that it's
almost everyone world
