mmm damn at me good morning the type of
745 left for couple hours hi dear poor
fu fu going to the airport fly back to
LA a tiring day ahead of us my face is
so dry my lips are so dry I'm so
disoriented in what's happening oh my my
callicles Russian Vegas to fly back to
LA land Lulu's issues I have to plot off
my shooters on Monday move to Thursday
shut up want a shoe evil no policy while
walking more than everything get some
chapstick on my lips okay I go what's
happening hello what's up I actually
went home very very quickly took a
shower in seven seconds and we'll be a
little bit later as ourselves better
because I can bring all the clothes
needed to the shoe and have any of them
on me because I just landed so how'd you
two space issue is Lindsay I'm so
disoriented but friendship prevails you
got to pull through for your friends I
don't feel like enough people do that i
feel i sometimes when there's a little
bit of discomfort a little bit of
inconvenience people are like oh no you
can't make it you'll get inconvenience
for your friend sometimes get uncle for
your friend this truck is just stuck on
the road okay allah let go speaking of
pulling spoon for your friends on the
way home and humble who's all my nose
like only makes me eat made me shake so
i can take on the go good mother
happened friend humble front of the year
leggo
Oh what's wrong Row is fitness goals and
we just start by saying row as I can see
they're made over to your Shiro
no how are you have some questions
please Pam bar you and just cook as you
can okay right all right you ready
cooking again get left or right right up
or down down nighter Dave King Tata cold
cold what's your favorite thing about
lilies anything Oh what did we favorite
thing yeah yeah okay let me say anything
about really in that he is so busy but
it's also I love her but I don't wanna
judo busy cuz then I end up missing you
a lot
I'm good comedy your horse oh okay
Walking Dead or Game of Thrones talking
in town guy is a walking dead I just
realized right now it's starting up soon
okay
I love it okay okay arias versus on the
starch Anza
okay no lemon cake what a row answer you
have the same taste in food okay Ella
favorite cuisine who oh that's
everything
favorite Christy you favorite food which
gonna oh that's okay what kind of
business two feet okay what's fair a
drink called face oh please call 20
favorite song right now for what hands
my fans telling me I'm not doing to the
rapid-fire no got your magical
post-production careful wooden for you
ah like big butts and I cannot lie other
ones getting to not there to boom that's
been gratified with wrong 15 minutes
later what do we resolve it is Whitney
Houston was into all Whitney Houston
lately like on my so no thing Rose are
my favorite people on the planet I love
doing with issue just such a little ball
of energy
who else is great we talk about flu yeah
I love them please very do people out
come straight from the airport and go
through this chaotic situation for she's
ones when these ones logs yeah it should
live news though movie looks dope to
where I can tell you what's going on
which she looks great she said I didn't
wardrobe changes like for today and they
all look at me so fun also roll is so
straight and she tells me she goes
hiking for optical hiking cuz wrong I
can't even like I was showing you I
don't really love the gym I like hiking
this is why ready it's walking yeah it's
walking on an incline and so it
activates muscles but as I have the
conversation about being fed I'm having
chicken sofa mm-hmm way I mean you gotta
make an exception extra salt ladies
swallow so I love okay we have to be
quick because it is busy and she's a
very busy lady
United anything I see so funny love her
I don't think she knows why she played
to me I think she listens to me I love
it it's basically thinks I'm a dork it
does wonders I won we first became
friends I'm like a big chick thinks I'm
so funny yet and then I realize oh she's
laughing at me
no not sure I'm nothing which is not
laughing you can collapse oh yeah and
then your doctors it'll be working with
you quality I love them it's okay cuz
you laugh at me because I'm like
straight legs you've got one of these
are fun I think we're like the opposite
end of the spectrum and I think that's
why we unnie oh we had so much fun
together I gonna have to pound away
pendulums on tour with her later okay it
is 829 we just wrapped them but to head
home 30 months early I burst which is
great I'm freezing cold were you
drinking so damn cold I'm a blasphemy
drive home Derek sure to be at home
humbles you at home when applying some
great stuff do some work I have a
massage in an hour and a half also and
not a 60-minute massage and I never ever
flirt Lego ultimate I just say that when
I'm in warm weather like I'm back and
I'm so much happier weather affects me
so much like as soon as I landed in the
Sun was being on my skin I was like this
is mad me forever this is mommy battle
Reagan turn screen and go miss Rhode
Island
all right I just got home I have a
massage in like 20 minutes so excited
because no one's home at with all to
myself is at work hi all so mad okay
this is humble is almost at work Oh
ridiculous but I want anyways other than
that everyone's just chillin Noelle's if
you're finally understand how this works
no public employee named massage is good
I can't sleep a little bit now these two
trucks are gonna play some ping-pong now
I'm going to play the winner stretch it
out stretch it out not a boom-boom
athlete here we go
yeah line comes excuses already there
come the excuses already
you're just reasonable yeah do it what
bra yeah nada
come on you men to go princess Emani men
come on
okay so how is like say regardless of
entry Kuester gonna make mine I see you
I'm the chocolate and I would like
something to be retired huh I'm not
gonna just start start I'm gonna get the
sports bar right now I'm here rematch
later in sports rocket
all right excuses excuses matter what's
happened I wondered wait mr. dance we
are the champion is very light thing
does it incense it and did it and did it
and it it didn't it didn't did it
insisted define yourself whether you're
never good to beat me all right I won't
loggin if you do that that doesn't need
to make the bloggers do whatever you
feel comfortable doing this is what's
wrong there justice a okay with me
what's up good
no no no no one I will vlog you in the
fourth row can we rewind to the day
humble say he's never gonna beat me and
if he doesn't work force but we want the
world what would I have to do to get do
it could be me big baby thing was
that's true Oh
that's amazing yeah stop how's it going
okay the sports bra I don't need adding
to pass off as a sports bra do rematch
Mallory go ready
you're welcome everyone and everything
thank you yes a little bit
she never do anything like that I never
said if you prove it you all you'll
never believe me if you baby always on
this guy's little gun good night Pablo
good night humble shall I say missus
home hey you did look great I love you
did you look great you should move more
often don't worry
now happens when makeup is so smudged
you wash my face that's better this
goddamn pimple be gone on 12 we don't
have a very special edition of five
random facts are you ready to learn five
random facts about humble number one
today he lost in ping-pong number two
humble wood raised in a place called
Rexville and today he lost in ping-pong
number three people humble has a tattoo
around his leg that commemorates 82 you
I and you let all of the dancers design
an airplane and it's a chronic leg also
today number four do you know how about
the port has written two books he's
working on a third one right now called
I lost ping-pong clearly number five
humble has a deep-rooted fear of yellow
right bananas unless he buys crappy
green ones also today you don't work
urban boat or don't not anymore because
we just learned five new thing boom time
hung quit learning
thank you trying to say we got lastly we
soup of New York what's been doing this
shoot hangout got badges glad I would
have to pull through furnace a friend
before came home amazing date I don't
know if you noticed but a big pimping
out of Duty yeah I had too much we're
gonna came home I'm gonna massage out
food I didn't do much work but it's okay
tomorrow's a workday Sunday all their
energy towards work out some script
writing out some video plotting on a few
meetings all good I can't wait to enjoy
another day with you hope you had a
great day cut them off cookbook if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
I'll get you I'm gonna get em all I
guess you'd order or you know what you
know it is you know it is you know it is
because that lamp and stuff and is there
it is that you should put it on my book
this thing will come yes we'll talk
about a book coming up because I really
really really really really wanted to do
well and it means a lot to me so forgive
me the people come home
