- - one day and tell dr. shun good
morning the time is 9:30 ish
I woke up about 30 months ago I have to
go through budgeting today - did you
mind one date on vacation I mean until
turned out with tomorrow the medication
I mean like I will do slightly less
emails and usual i'ma still work or
maybe just like slightly less because
I'll be working obviously and cut off
your balls but sit down by me I'll help
you I have a fullness pause before you
get to my date how are you hope you're
having a great day
why not take a moment you watch them at
the next 10 minutes with me let's make
sure is positive I'll send you to take a
moment I'm sending you all my positive
energies you guys send me all your
positive energies align with negative
energies go you feel that here's
overrated a post-production fingers I'll
go to my green card appointment I have
right now this could be the last
appointment I have before I get my green
card could not be but it could be which
really really excited me after I have a
meeting with my business manager Rachel
to discuss monies or the money down like
that lab area after that I have the rest
of this focus on health stuff I really
into the growth sofa situation a patio
situation a lot of situation in Sakura I
have to finish signing all the papers
before I go to try that so sign some
ears and this could be the last time I
save I've so much time to go shopping
and pack a little bit for charity at
dad's going on besides on that you know
you get sauce all that I want to have a
calm day because yesterday what am I to
do it I got a bit flustered and I was
like f furniture furniture f this F that
I know that's not the right mentality it
has been become problem-solving
overstressing
good energy you ready for this you feel
it I'm gonna be late let's go hallo my
shirt does this like you'll have
professional half you're ready to see
what's on top okay I have cramps a
little bit cramp right now which is
exciting because today is the cutoff
date are not allowed to get our period
so the first time in my life is that
come on you twist you need to shed baby
 like a mother F and pop you all
over my couch come on now I'm just
hoping and praying so they don't want
and we also have it and turn that up
again today but it will be like done
time I need to like swimming let me see
you know what I mean saw the whole thing
come on period but let's go get my
fingerprints taken for my green card
Oh instead with the Church of my
fingerprints I'm so close to having a
great card god that's so funny like you
can snap and not show your teeth I'm
like you know what was it like
so this melon is your teeth I'm heading
to Crate & Barrel total abundance over
Lego all right I'm gonna leave you in
the car because I need to focus on
buying a sofa I'll be back in a couple
men you see you see right there oh can
you see right there
imma let you know what's poppin there's
gonna be great you bet you know he's
always be great news is a blessed day
beautiful weather were healthy it's all
either way free black buttercream or
glasses oh stammers okay so I
didn't find a couch but I did find a
really cute denim dress so progress
right because once I find the couch I
could wear the dress and sit on the
couch right god dammit cuale hello
people think you're dead because you
remember well for a while yes this hair
kind of no no look at this hand and this
is why Polly's not in the vlog this is
what my bum Bob wanna be doing in
Trinidad translation this is what my
Buddhism we do get traded
welcome good-looking if EPA by here I
mean we need is to finish my meeting
with Rachel my business manager every
time I talk about monies I always use
like 100 percent my concentrations I'm
not that good at understand which
balance sheets and stuff
I remember use Excel Zoe so every time
we have a meeting like within the three
plus two was it that way because he was
shy can ask audience is 634 p.m. rise to
look another fire pit or outdoor patio
set I might just clap okay I'm going to
now get in my car and go to CVS and get
to stuff any portrayed out here we go
how did this happen hmm no listen you
know why--i also a little asian initial
verb so early is 6:35 almost by 7 which
by 7 and then imma go to the store at 7
and 7 and 17 I didn't go to sleep as
soon as I stop vlogging 1 minute later
someone called me through the
possibility myself I will arrive on time
it's only possibility is not a certainty
but still
hopefully it works at about three things
from CVS with my receipt
rollin target is the mission but he did
you not to buy a random here fortunately
I got short Sam don't you honey I love
you thinking face it's so funny hi oh
you gotta give us a hug okay yeah run
along
oh really we broke fan meetup and target
Gary hold on resumption our mission is
okay Roger kidding just kidding man we
have to take the recent incident to
finish the set and also not in cargo
seventeen when my new conclusion would
you get a little seventeen random
enemies you know Tony yeah did they
change the leprechaun on Lucky Charms
also wise enough to leprechauns -
conspiracy Illuminati confirmed
Illuminati confirmed Illuminati person
Tiger has I luck kansai my god lucky
charms isn't with us
oh my gosh dinner is served fun fact
about me I'll bless you like you're sure
he knows I love progress or simply love
curly fries after I already put I think
I don't need curly fries enough you know
I mean well you need a good break what
do you do okay scream conquer get to
work on that yeah wonder what I'm doing
sign some stuff final box I gotta finish
them all before I go to China tomorrow
I'm riding solo right now homos in
helmet is just a few minutes but I want
to let you know if you want to preorder
my book missing book combos where to go
if you also check out like you know your
local book store the amount of
competitions or what not to get a signed
book look I'm going to just for fun
right now such as well watch this one
right here
you're just for fun put hard on it get
that one now I know what you to do is
log back into whatever I want on these
pages sometimes I put an old next to the
egg sometimes I give a little kiss
mountain vision book calms one prior
like I said before if you don't want to
book at all ignore just just I'll sorry
for a second because you are applying to
find a book pre-order please because
that's whole get on the best selling
list if you preorder it so that what it
actually comes out on March 20th all
those pre-orders counts so if you find
about anyway we now renamed baduk on
need not gonna clean I still love you
it's okay it'll be you'll have to do is
just suggesting okay
oh my goodness is only 11 18 p.m. and
I'm so tired my mascara lost my Jenny
bye okay I get this
I'm not my video from today silicones
are so ridiculous if I may say so myself
people be taking this kit seriously i
majority of the comments into my video
which I am hangry
very mean to my boyfriend Phillip she's
so mean I can't like this because she's
so rude to him so so bad for the items
like you know this is a skit and we're
acting this is not real not a real thing
I'm like that's like saying that scar
from The Lion King was rude and you're
not gonna watch the movie because it
doesn't work fictional character is an
escape I'm not a send if I'm so
surprised that's the Colburn's would be
really I can't get behind fun she's too
invested mean whereas literally
memorized the script and recited it on
camera and characters what are your feet
blowing my mind sometimes I doing I
can't engage I got a pretty good idea
what works online but like so many years
yes sometimes people don't like do as
much and that's left part what I would
never would have expected that comment
whether the video because I'm like why
what it blows my mind actually both half
of my life oh so so good I could wash my
hair and you guys can come or whatever
you want I just found that comment
interesting I'm not mad actually no I'm
a little annoyed but I'm not it's
completely fine like I'd make the next
video more nice I guess I dissolve my
unicorn I guess the hospital smelling
right now I just like keep following
this people my bed chanting a video idea
for tomorrow I don't have one I'm so
tired and woke up early today and I feel
like the not taking the nap earlier when
I got the good news of sofa is paying a
price right now so take a price taking a
toll one of the f2 English sentences on
the toilet all the thing about V idea in
my sleep or something I am so tired
right now so let's go do that today
that's with me thanks for joining me on
today thanks for spending your valuable
time watching my blog I hope you had a
wonderful day 12 in couple hours or
today we'd watch me provide to trade and
I'm so condoms because I need a little
bit of application and early and kind of
like tired and need to chill and stuff
so I was going on nothing like I think
it is fufufu if you liked it subscribe
if you like it subscribe is to roster so
cool soon soon
soon soon - oh yeah soon hello what's up
soon we'll go how good it soon
