again it to me every day every day okay
nobody gives me anything every day I
need to get coupons in the mail
good morning I woke up earlier than
usual but not as earlier I would like to
I woke up I breakfast made a smoothie
made an egg sandwich a need I line up in
to join today what we gotta do it is a
little bit of a day where I was like oh
I don't want to do any of this but I'm
gonna go to one but I'm gonna swallow
guys to today's first and foremost sign
some stacks of ish throughout the day
instead of doing that whole life sitting
there for seven hours I was like well
today pah-pah-pah stacks on stacks on
rest that's what happened and we already
write a script and just shoot that
scripture in my video shoot and you send
some emails that are very important in
time-consuming successes same things
every day which is what I do every day
you one watch my vlog now is what it is
every less every day and every day every
day what else do I got to do a realistic
reading there's a lot of work as is if I
write a script and shoot a video and so
let's just call Matt downloading but
yeah that's what crackling today but
aside from all that the goal is to drink
lots of water today encouraging more
water be responsible human being let go
H to her so that's number one
okay so if you were calling Kings became
over one century ago about too big of
water be like I can drink one of you
today I'm sorry I have not drinking it
because I'm like just like on that Danny
to wake up early to get a head start
because this is a lot of water look at
it either okay I'm going to try to do if
I don't see really super mad one wants
me how much of this I should finish
let's sleep and I don't have to go
anywhere today which means okay for Pia
before second step the next thing you
know I'd only known for second feet
we're gonna try last one let go
here got a peek what if I told you that
I made mistake yesterday my videos of
today actually mixed up the dates and
fighting for Thursday tomorrow's
actually done already this is obscene
today is from Monday it's Wednesday
today is Wednesday the only time we got
you in every time with that we mean that
that's right I'm struggling to think my
video script I think I got one with a
map it on right now I have a but our and
how to do so and we kill the game true
goal what I'm think I'm reference I'll
get today I'm gonna get to that in fact
poker fingers clean up yellow blimp
explosion thing tell me how I just want
to squirt that leather now and a half
tell me tell me how I did I want you to
tell me right now tell me tell me
alright then I'm going to do my makeup
but first number two I wanna see the
oranges and my glass my glass my
quarters and car Tran complain butter
and water that's very ungrateful
anything about that high see one let
Google scale the game alright so fast
we're doing so well I didn't you're
right so fast what are you eating
oh my god of course you are Clarice
North coalition just rinses
cowork with a three-point like nine
because the other one complete before I
am done shooting the video for Thursday
any one day done Who am I the girl oh my
gosh and a few quick emails before I
head to Sara stylist house because I'm
going to New York tomorrow for New York
Fashion Week any enough fair enough but
always in outfit fine adjust myself I
don't actually have professionals to
help yeah I'm gonna get you when we get
you our problems we get you and I got a
P a TTY memories electric mouse book
coming soon
alright so I'm hanging to Sarah stylist
health right now from office and hoping
does take you longer to come back and
sign some slack moves and once activate
by Jerry glass of water all the time
what's that you know you do really what
are you do first of all don't have that
tone with me
I can United in front of them because
you're you know I don't agree do this
stuff with sometimes and actually do
what you're supposed to do
are you telling me I can't talk to my
friends no one does my friends I'm
telling you that there's an insane thing
more concert called good comments if
they go we leave your out fun fact I
think my one of my shooters took my car
keys
thank I have an extra pair but I think
she's a car key and then created the car
can use to check of what for lens
capsules in the car and she's my car to
use whatever lens capsule here it's a
mystery
let's go Sarah sighs oh no no no no
let's go dance now let's go sell
something this is what I do this is what
I do
sad just need to be washed that's okay
though but adds on all the traffic go
don't you know I've been drinking a
glass of water my pictures clear as hell
eggs are a priority I'm gonna join I'm
Holly alright come on now in dirt we had
pH slow lane goddamnit
it is so many hours later I didn't bring
you inside because there's two reasons
number one though the fake reason is
because I was on your knees focus on
clothes
I want to vlog is gonna take away time
I've so much to do if I want to do my
station without lighting bring you
inside the real fool reason would be not
lying I forgot scratching the car sorry
I didn't crack a window for you my bad
you're my forgotten class well it's like
three hours later and we have two
difficulties with some outfits and
something fitting and pants and
stitching all stuff so it's a little bit
of a stressful time but still goes as
everyone was very calm and collected but
in the first I don't have an outfit and
it's wonderful and third is a great job
and it's a cool awesome funky outfit so
it's like also a very chic page I've
know chic the railworks each other I
work like cash like you know I just woke
up and show up this fashion show but
address types it know one of those
things that it may seem like I had to
give them the sound because I don't what
I'm doing back home the nasty questions
they come nada because I need someone
help me signage and not as only when it
sounds like these late-night sessions
summit a couple grab some food science
stuff cuz I haven't signed nearly enough
things I needed to today I did get a lot
of work and I'm very happy with the
script in video that happened today I
need to pack and sign some ish and each
that's not things 10:09 still not that
late but I do have a little airport
tomorrow 9:15 and I don't want to sleep
on the plane because it's like a five
and a half hour flight I want to get
work done I don't want to see because I
just going to seal the deal on my ass
stop sleep schedule and I'm not trying
to do that so let's go put on that are
you sure of this
and I love you there anyway like what
nada she jammed into my friend W music
just an understandable camera can see
her when she goes with yep too little
the tripod yeah you like it
yeah like stepping on oh yeah number you
ready it would be
three trainings one every day I go to
soca music every day train ourselves
mystery yet how to do it I just come to
my realization and not of these in do
you know or do you that I'm from the
hood son even told your art professor
guys I don't knows it twice today
yes bro your DS that's it you're not as
a guy process when guys of godmothers
die with a permit guru maha damn not in
a day bro that's my friend that's my
friend let's go for all my god oh hell
insecure right now you see me are my
dizzy dude armwrestling was still in who
cares well actual strength your
aesthetic holy crap I am so impressed I
can't listen down wait you at arm
wrestling as I read yourself ok miss
Tommy you mean all the season be Bruno's
Oh Mitch demon wah-wah goddamn it's at
1:30 I'm hella tired have to leave for
the airport at 9:15 for first humble
hands on Friday Allen on Saturday
freelance performing so I wanna make
sure the house is not disastrous I'm
also going to pack wash my face and
makeup so mush up for us to take care
from ish
Bishop I'm going to conquer you boom
what's next oh I need to clean this up
and pack
turn onto the next thing he'll sent you
here by my blog damn I thought I would
show you a sneak peak of a video
dropping today is a club with Amber Rose
here's an exclusive blog
sneak peek he was going on my neck my
back he was lifting and he crack I see
so what exactly happen mr. rose my back
no boredom I'm a woman huh that's right
coming out a few hours on my main
channel link is in description stay
tuned let me love log channel thank you
okay here's the thing here's why I'm not
going to do this video hear me out hear
me out I'm not going to be here over the
next two days to confirm that was a bag
I put this in won't be tampered with I
need to like wrap it in something put it
in a bag but if humble comes and starts
like fidgeting and figuring what stuff
is I want to get cut I need to like get
rid of and dispose it right away on
trash
this i'ma leave that there for good
reason not because I'm emotionally
attached that's not what this is about
keep stop yelling at me I'm telling you
clean up there's no this is about okay
all I know is with all the water I drink
today these temples must be gone
tomorrow let's be drowning in h2o be
like y'all so save some water get the F
out of here swimming I don't my skin
let's go sit on the toilet oh so good
that quit hey thank you for joining me
on today we're heading to New York in a
few hours and you're just like we were
you know this hopefully goes well also
heard the weather is super super bad so
I really hope there's no complications
flights and stuff because the last thing
I want to be stuck in New York in the
winter to come back and shoot stuff and
do so much worse but the goal in a while
is I have a play I'm trying to sleep
through a playful we'll see how it maps
out I don't know I sorta did not decide
what to do away because and I'm a result
like that but that's a story for
tomorrow see the variable dr. Dre got
hella is done very proud - or was that a
slap in your face but it was bumpy
high-five you're facing away that should
I move it I think mom cuckoo did you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
I was supervising laughter if you like
it you know you guys took my math
modeling to write their main channeling
- right there make sure you subscribe to
my second blog challenge oh we almost
had too many subscribers after the
numbers matter where these are love that
matters and I mean when we have two
won't be cut Alaska matters if you want
to go to subscribe thanks for being here
thank you for spending your time on my
love sing lullabies
