absolute and utter chaos I'm just losing
my good morning good afternoon how you
doing doing good evening I'm doing all
right thanks for asking something on my
screen better it is tall one whatever
it's 121 121 I woke up myself a little
bit I woke up very tired smell natural
wake up presented a playing for my
rooftop and trying to get some gardening
design stuff done so that was an hour's
all right mocking of what I kind of want
a lot of sand could fire for situation
so that myself so that happened and then
I had a call starts checking an
interview and during the call people
have ring my doorbell because have a
handyman working on my towel rack that
broke and the electrical plug my brother
broke why because the first was my hard
to do it blocked and him on the floor on
film so now Ingrid robotic electrician
to fix the lights I keep going up so a
lot of health stuff happening about four
appointments today here's what we got
you cold press the finger no chops up in
everyday pretty an event to right now
electrician here right now I'm going to
go to probably mess housewarming party
Matt Santoro I'm gonna try to one idea I
got to sign a lot of it I do a lot of
email so that's what I want to do today
but above all of that I want to get a
crap load of house of then and first and
foremost further than that in poop let's
go check in on what they're doing
awesome
honey every time you see I presenting
every day every day every day oh oh your
birthday beads thank you birthday bleep
oh so now a permit for a peripheral
no you know what I've been saying every
Mother's Day and mother didn't say I'll
go to Ikea tomorrow so today I guess why
can't go to stupidest reason ever
someone's with my measuring table we're
shooting at my house and I can't measure
besides the pictures on each frame and I
on a roll ruler and I have always
measure it that has been enough for me
be like oh a dimension is about this
I've decided not that that's the only
reason cuz I know there's ways I could
solve that was like using other things
to measure it but I was like if I need
to order Buddhism a knows I'm gonna go
the run why did I ran but I've like I'm
gonna spend the rest of the day one of
my handyman associate fixing stuff is
for the rest of the day making folders
on my computer plotting out like patio
furniture so fun potential sofas an
order them because that it takes a while
to get here it's nothing to do and
tomorrow I see tomorrow
tomorrow sure mom which are pretty sure
for sure but funny story
I made this plaster I was like putting
spinach and mushrooms in it and I was
like oh my god this bench is so big and
so like clean and I'm ordering cases but
it is great when I realized oh wait it's
lettuce she was pretty cement and humble
and I have both been using the lettuce
thinking it's the spinach is not even
realize there's two bushels and I'm like
throwing lettuce into my posturing
lettuce into my egg oh my goodness
gracious we're so stupid what the hell
just visiting my pasta I am so full
movie myself I can explode oh oh oh it's
so goddamn good and I'm gonna do right
now although people my electrician my
handyman they all left I'll show you
with the distance in a little bit but
first I'm going to actually says I'm not
able to do all the time I thought
Yosemite advantage you ought to do the
river in a little a little ride down
possibly taking math but start sorting
out furniture on my laptop and will fall
asleep of policies when do I often get
this luxury midday being like I'm gonna
lie down do some of the things leisurely
off box of birth whipped cream now this
off backgammon or to our knives and I
didn't want to wake up from but yo you
know I can like kit one of my hair
braided long cast a little bit just
kidding homeownership is so hard so one
of the things I changed very stupid
minor but essentially I changed the
toilet paper holder in the washroom to
these really cool ones
ignore the line from the old one but
what the devil problem to it no what if
it's your phone right check this out
it's a pointer holder and a place for
your phone and I loved it what the
problem is now is that it's rubbing
against the wall because there's less
space between the wall on the holder now
so I'm like God add whether you're not
going to work you just installed all of
them I'm like I think I you cannot buy
the Jumbo toilet papers now and see that
word it's not that have to change them
all that time time to just like stop
buying these routes and like nothing's
working out the fibers and it's just
kind of like this guy does a really good
job at every contractor I've had before
this almost come to say their name but
you know not going diss you one even a
because my mama taught me bad and that
but summer contractors at hire do
they've done something and it's a broken
the same day and I was texting them and
send them pictures and they disappear
they disappear they don't learn another
form of having socotra jobs so much
thank you ice cream I'm having an adult
in crisis right now and this is not the
right personnel
I'm doing furniture searching I'm like
okay I need a dining table I wanted a
fusion pool table but I was like okay I
play ping pong way more than I'm gonna
play pool the issue is I need a real
table like to eat on I'll have one
but this ping pong table being here has
been great we played all the time I
might where do I put it and I've around
the roof when it's dark and cold we
won't play it do I choose eating like an
adult or do I just a big mug table I'm
so confused okay three people can fit on
that this is the problem oh my god ping
pong are adulting and I was happy with a
fusion table that's like a dinner table
but turns into a ping pong table but if
it was the size of this is massive oh so
hard
what's crack-a-lackin' we're heading to
max and Toros housewarming parties did
someone get the fireball fireball with
automatic design fireball we both
welcome to LA and Margaret so better get
them at my birthday still it's still a
birthday across too long too long
special for the math party obligatory
vlogging is right out look I'm a human
people
I'm not long enough today this is the
whole cake side right here and thank you
very much again for very generous guy I
just got fireball I appreciate it I
think it's easier you know I wanted fire
wall I just appreciate you guys oh no I
just tell you there's a cat 9 p.m. and
if you're still awake
7:45 oh my god go sleep on the ring
together my hood language okay I want to
know for what what if you're the real
the real be real is called dirty like
one time cuz I'm like you met earlier
with you
look it needs more direction right on
like almost like I'm lacking instruction
manual is our wine so not a stage what
you realize we could be not up
much more man answer question I wasn't
even remotely drunk Massport he fesses
are where we are I'm going to bed about
2:30 I want to apologize because I think
for the past few days I've always kind
of been like I don't really know if you
find them entertaining it up but I feel
like the last few days I've been trying
to recover from that shoot I had where I
had to stay up all night to prep for the
day before as I'm kind of like not doing
things as energetically or maybe not
doing all the segments of the vlogs I
want to apologize I shudder you're back
to normal tomorrow but it was kind of
balanced like doing house stuff and
doing work stuff and I'm really just
behind on some stuff and it's really
getting to me so that's why I'm of us
might have been a bit of like a little
bit like gaps of time where I don't blog
or like I'm trying to figure my ish out
90s I'm going to have to get it - lets
go down the door and die well they're
certainly fearfully cheap even earning a
living hope you had a splendid wonderful
fantastic and catch me kick today pretty
custom house stuff cuz a lot of stuff to
do because goddamn thing is flimsy and
just like standing horrible distinction
to have left them shut up I think the
things my uniting that get like this is
yet to get today hi I have been blogging
for like two years and I don't know how
long yet hi the point I make is the host
of the stressing me out because I just
need to work the way I want to work with
not in all contrast to the separate
- handyman I came today they will give
all the contractors let's be
positive like unicorn imma go to buy the
entire mission el chalten mount cook if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe so just like to take a moment
to point out that my skin is kind of
clear right now are you seeing touch
touch the black boobs dicks yes it's
kind of good I don't have any questions
examples of right now it's like that
glass of water I drank two days ago I'm
telling you that there was
