my buddy broke on good afternoon the
time is 12 over hour an hour and a half
ago I had a call I am dead today
really I'm a walker I am up oh my god
how would what I'm so broken today I got
a massage last night I know it sounds
stupid let me explain yes I didn't block
and I had this huge shoot that was
secretive and on my camera as well
because the whole day like we'll be able
to show you things than what I'm wearing
all the stuff like quinton vlog only to
make you surprised a few days from now
so don't be mad at me after the shoot I
was dead I bought her so bad so I got a
massage I my masseuse was just like dude
do my back and I was like boo boo came
back to the hot shower I slept in tears
always I do today postpone action
fingers we gotta get ready
I was shoot waiting for me downstairs
I'm doing something for Dwayne channel
be super super fun I don't go through
mad you know but mad you know it's kind
of sentiment you know that's fine line
you gotta ish to it I love it and I was
a lot of home stuff all that's gotta
happen more than anything else I want to
stretch and some water be healthy and
kind of take care of my body a little
bit of a rejuvenation variety first
let's get ready shall we alright look at
this sweaters cool right look at me
wearing earrings that I can now see
because my jewelry they'll organize
let's go to the shoe cuz I'm a bachelor
Brooke I'm a non-shooting stationary sir
I know this light and go hold on let me
just talk number soon as I can pain okay
I see the shoot because look at the
production it is like no guy just
finished shooting it was very very cool
and it will come out probably large
mighty play where it is dr. fish unless
I can tell them what it is not some
others want to know obviously not on the
test you pass the job so yo BRD
so and how we said about yesterday's
maybe you're looking I'm going to think
now I'm gonna go home and man string
good he'll wear it yeah 6 humanely
you're sick you're freaking sick just
like thousands only not a happy thing
where when things taste bad and or gone
wrong with doesn't stop us of eating
them here Cheers postal so I'm slow know
that so really having a rough day today
the best slightly rough day with Langley
blog that much but I just had a lot of
appointment for home thing so
appointments like this place
okay I got I've been a colonel I'm okay
but as I went for like installing things
in my house and getting cabinets put in
and things like that so I'm gonna put
four appointments there whenever the
best fences with my new thermostats
possibly some security cameras not out
one sitting a whole control system for
my house I didn't say you know what you
think I need
please please don't worry hotel sorry
Gustav was dead I need a booster why
would you think I need basically a
Mission Impossible control center so I
can sit there and zoom in and see people
walking on the street you're welcome
all I hear does these go to sound all
your swearing nobody meant to Harry
what's happening here I had to redo the
cheese part it's not as our it looks
perfectly fine I know could I fix it
I'm a problem-solver I'm saying that
that that belongs in here like one set
humble coffee to beat me we have seven
gorgeous o ideas giggles right not is
going to be your life harder and we're
going to let him one day he'll probably
with us I never went about five by some
you're ready and jelly is already a
feeling I feel grateful oh I'm so happy
you knew how to do that that's very good
bring it new so 45 it drops right down
to number one
okay larysa get your line in concert
next month to a country near you when I
want to find not to come with you about
life is the worst friend ever actually
wait now my friends don't have a choice
okay dad ready for an adventure so ready
the first time meeting two cars yes
let's love the car they ready to take
flight red don't ever go it off
he came to target see it mr. Clean Magic
Erasers we got a and then also all of
this why this target duelists the crack
understands what time I did the sweater
by the way what guy boy what now I
needed in driving you have what time is
this time to sign some is a can't do the
other thing because the camera is on the
boxes and papers and other box but you
know what I signed him all right hahaha
Isaac Nauta are you down to the for an
hour 59 minutes not gonna work at us I
can we're gonna need a full 60 minute
meant for me of 61 Bob we fix you a
correct answer
61 Mason very adult purchase today got
two mops real mops not like trying to
get the old life oh this not this is a
real legitimate old schoolmaster get the
job done about some naturalist at these
fancy sometimes good thing about this is
it learns about your behavior this is
not a brand new not a brand new I
promise not a brand you learn just look
watch there you go got a brand new but
they've learned about your behaviors
leave us believe we're gonna learn about
my behavior and every person that walks
in my house is gonna mess in this sauna
alright guys I'll some security cameras
which basically means nobody F with me
we're gonna sell it service s and the
person was like yeah you know you could
you could hire some to install them like
bro you're not recognizing sir you
probably don't recognize me I'm the
golden that change the oldest of all
maybe maybe you'll notify everything
yeah racy some thermoset yeah let me go
to your toolbox
oh okay okay where we got I don't know
this is with the gray lawyers think of
it I need your nose we've got Evangeline
five because they were never allowed out
of it I am so impressed with manual they
used to go to label and deserve a video
online to do that I've seen in this room
that is an amazing thing I've ever to
unscrew it
the perfect size if it gave you stickers
to label the wires it's like really
goddamn thought out I'm so impressed
with math I swear it's not a time to go
I really got an arrest because all I
need to hire everyone I got that nesting
I thought about it I do it ahead of you
press it uh-oh I don't know I don't
think I turned on what I don't know Oh
God I'm kitchen that's it Oh service
have like aroused right when this term
is that knows you better than most
people defendants what is the fuel
source you're hearing like that electric
I don't know
i doesn't often it does I uh I don't
know guys what you I'm like I don't know
I know Austin's there I don't know
friggin Cyprus I don't know what I'm
gonna burn it
so uh I think it's gas because I'm not
like oh your gas bill is gonna be insane
isn't it correct - gasps the open
literate I think it's gasps oh my gosh
No - so has this plastic on it ain't no
as an Indian I don't want to expose the
coffin like you've gone forever just
like it would be on the remote in the
sofa but I'm gonna do it I would take
the plastic off ready you need to be
evidence that they do my duty honestly
this is a big monumental do this is like
I'm an adult I can make my own home
choices I'm choosing Texas classic uh
well suppose I say remove
I'm not gonna do it students turn
students away no sticker so it fails so
it broke what what this little just died
Wow
I'm gonna tell 3.21 but in one rewrite
that fire Bai I feeling I'm doing
exactly the same as when I was
commissioned by religion
I'm excited my friend I really thank you
better people I'm going to forget it
we're good so as a backup shot for the
video I shot on Thursday we bought a
prop that we have a million of now and
that is whipped cream I just have a
bazillion candles with cream now so
obviously we excited I actually know the
trains household when this is not the
first time someone has done this in the
blog I just signed up a bunch of more
stuff I see I'm getting delusional so
he'll buddy
my nose with cooter oh my god I'm so
damn tired oh I just a blur I remember
what I did that's where the six sweater
and get aroused by a nest thermostat
well y'all listen guy what's up you are
we seeing yo listen I'm gonna like go to
bed in sanatoria I'm sorry since I was
born I remember what I did I didn't defy
facts minute into a little y'all you
know what
no you did it well thanks for joining me
on today on today was that correct
correct marriage on today turn to it and
there's your tomorrow I have three
appointments for my house I'm very
pleased with how the positive the house
happens is my school to some furniture
places for a treat but that's going on
as a magnet I hope you integrated me and
sing look look
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
how old are four I do that hey this
isn't a trick okay you know I was a
surprise secret video say it is with a
resistor rule bill gates safety here we
go first world problems versus real
world solutions my feet is steering
wheel broke again they just don't make
Cadillacs like they used to
what would you say to this person well
bad when you don't have control over
your life and you know things surprise
you one of the big things that we've
been working on is making sure that
women want to have contraception have
access there's about 300 million women
using modern contraception at about 200
million who want it who can't get it one
of our goals is to get those tools out
to those women so they have control do
more women now have access concept is
absolutely we've got a goal of closing
that gap and now we have over 50 million
who didn't have it before have it now
but I guess there Cadillac tonight you
know you can see this will be on my main
town you to Bahamas listening windows
the description and ask and car key tips
click on it how can you help save the
world kind of the video as you like it
also no big deal I would like to
reintroduce you to an old friend you may
recognize that's right that's right
that's right just give me a lie yeah
yeah just the middle I just give me
realize just give me the law don't
