I'm phenomenal on phenomenal good
morning the time is 10 a.m. I woke up
about 40 minutes ago I did a phone
interview already with some UK people
she's always interesting cos always
Adelaide like so much hello I'm in North
America and like hello and the UK number
candles here's what's going to happen
post-production fingers first I'm gonna
get my hair makeup tips but not my hair
makeup just a makeup athlete downstairs
waiting and we're gonna do makeup then I
have a video shoot and I don't know if I
tell you it with haven't decided maybe I
will I'll see how I feel okay alright
then I'm going to be in focus good
what am I gonna do after that I gotta
sign somebody obviously I send emails
I'm going to try to go to like a Best
Buy to see if I can buy new thermostats
for my house with my door up up and 95
time which I probably won't good idea
try to do a combination of house stuff
and work stuff but aside from all that
the goal is to have a patient well
communicated day that's the most
versatile patient well communicated
where my communication is efficient to
the point and kind that's a module say
what you mean don't save me and that's
that's the goal of today and you're
what's up okay
uh-huh okay yes sir Jenna don't forget
her hair make it good okay okay
surely I should not here yet he's
wearing the global auto stuffers four
more seconds Cape you're making enough
just kidding
no I'm kidding I'm kidding I'm kidding
kidding what's that platinum you take a
ping-pong table yeah alright I feel like
you do this every single time you come
here yeah we can see special training so
you look at you ready for the beach is
worked out this time you know what every
single one of these things is in your
eyes oh my god that is very cool and you
use them all that is amazing
see I have a makeup vanity and I use
like the same one two things I was like
is your defender one day why didn't he
hand on the baby to presentation oh you
know that actually join back no big deal
up on my face whatever I woke up like
this and then go let me go done
constructing someone else no no we'll
pick you out a Canadian my hands Latin
America's language in Persona shrink lab
at home I sell use with those boys that
can calm down we won I'm talking like
that but I want to say I know points are
going to shoot we're trying to find out
right now but you'll I'm nervous
lastly what the Undertaker calm down but
I was doing with people that are also
but I love and I don't guess Capcom
plugins right now do it do it oh wait
nope no I'll train in Berlin in an all
right and like pregnancy I feel like so
most of the thing right now we're
shooting something dope for their
channel which is what I need to
accomplish that balance when it'll be in
the description as well so check it out
and wishing from my channel may or may
not involve me doing my own stunts no
big deal I might be Tom Cruise no big
deal I'm out here no big deal alright
thank you but what are you doing Andy
West I definitely am amazing forever
fiber which is so down and so fun and so
cool and I was going I'm sorry I think I
decided my goal we're cool brilliant
we gotta like see your like weird magic
behind astray she does right hahahaha
alright don't do it the boxes I love
them they were so cool how about the
coolest people ever even like when doing
certain things they done a million times
they're so patient with me being like
Megan because I'm developing a lovin is
so cool it was an easy shoot even though
it was very very difficult for tomorrow
we have a monster of a shoot it's
probably the hardest shoot I've ever
written and like directed in my life but
that's why I Pablo's here he's here
specifically for tomorrow shoots and
it's going to be the most difficult for
him without class actively no bet the
best I have scripted drama I need the
best person to do this thing I'm glad
Pablo's here thanks guys yes
what up we are heading to target to get
some last-minute stuff it's 9:48 p.m.
feel optimistic I can be in bed by 12
latest other week about 7:45 tomorrow
how's every feeling very much target run
yeah oh let me get all the stuffing
right boom neck out we're at Walmart now
because market had nothing we needed
literally nothing we needed excuse me
ma'am next can you tell me where the
boyfriends are and that's an aisle mad
existence okay alright remember the time
when I said doesn't go back 12 it's
almost 5:00 a.m. my hair makeup sense8
not a lot of sleep now how I wanted to
go down but I will say we went over the
entire video shop or shot like three
times you prepped every single prop we
are in good shape for tomorrow if we did
not do that so it's like a roll punches
for one night we'll get a little bit
less sleep and we'll see 12 other videos
made great it's definitely the most
challenging video I've ever written and
ever directed and it's going to be
really really difficult but very
exciting there's a lot of moving parts
and people and things but how much of
involved because I don't give it away
but don't know same day I did some
exciting ish I asked mash the table by
the fuse little sneak peek so maybe you
want to see the full video it will come
to my channel soon with the Bella Twins
oh yeah I can show you the complete
table thing because come on I gotta give
you watch so melamine sound they'll be
chopped here let's go to the toilet
first off let's go to sleep here the SSB
productive day I love like they have the
best friends ever to humble and not in
dirt and fans came today as well I'll
say how many do things that far from my
videos and I am so damn appreciative and
grateful and of the site so the friendly
of friends I appreciate that as well
boo-hoo-hoo if you liked it subscribe
you look good
yo you know what it is tastier less
though I'm fearless don't I stay
fearless though I don't mind also say
besides fearless though Nikki and Brie
gave me free stuff I love free stuff of
the history stuff look at all this free
stuff
