change my clothes to days in a row Who
am I good morning it time is about noon
I woke up a little bit ago area had one
call one interview today I have a kind
of clear schedule in terms of like no
other meetings and no deadlines here's
our guide of today
post-production fingers that write a
script for my shoot tomorrow I also
mentioned with today but it's actually
tomorrow we moved it then I got to
memorize a script for my audition
tomorrow morning I also have to plan for
video should have Thursday because
there's so many moving parts to it and
it's going to be a lot I also want to
eat a healthy breakfast which you're
about to do right now or lunch whatever
you could the only god can judge me okay
sighs let's go to emails but aside from
all of that I'm going to be a hustling
human being that's what it is every size
every more I'm gonna try to change
myself do my face a little bit just so I
feel more productive not for anyone else
just for me just like to be like yo not
my pajamas when I have a productive day
dressed in clothes of all these clothes
the closet and you'd be grateful and
wear them would not wear the same
citizens clothes you were after shirt
every single day that's what I try to do
some go eat breakfast and then be super
super super productive embarrassed to
show you this still better like to do
this every single day I'm done it yet a
baby tell you how stuff keeps getting
pushed off because of work stuff and I
need to like send a few emails and find
a balance because my family coming left
in a month and I don't know where they
gonna sit or whether you asleep or
whether to do so that's our developers
luckily morning blabla morning white
shirt on
would you shake that spinach in is
delicious you get a shake from a bowl
well then I thought I was gonna import
my shake on my own so basically you ate
nutrients
good job any more nutrients or lacking
muscle
ya need to get into a format a magician
no but I would like you to shave it's
time to make a shake
I'd open
and killing the game with my breakfast
movie and and welcome to my blog where
everything was about breakfast at noon
Oh times where hi I'm in my script
writing window I've done so many emails
and so much work on my desk down to the
mouth and I need bright sunshine to
write a script I'm writing script for a
video as so many businesses we just
video shoot some video shoot some video
shoot some video shoot and I love it
because I love that I'm behind I just
love the way things are going so ahead
of my schedule I changed my clothes I
wash my face I breakfasted I'm drinking
smoothies I'm feeling good escape
predation ha ha
popke many hours that are above so much
work done written two scripts today go
to all my emails repeatedly throughout
the day I am killing the Effingham it's
all because I change my clothes and
telling you right to a pop all because I
change my clothes I'm about to go take a
leak a little tinkle a little peepee and
then I'm going to write a third script
move soon north to music I was just
feeling weird you're right for this 30
minutes worth
yeah well I do it I love the face you
mail in there where is hoping the
bruiser this is my hand when you raise
this baby faster guys my friends my duty
baby all day today
he didn't speak so the day before to go
to sports bras what Oh
after the sports bra replace three more
times individual okay let me take a real
quick how most of me every single game
this is like not a big way we'll stop
right here oh you're never going to beat
me never go your basement we're never
gonna really
when you have a bazillion video shoot
coming up and me props doctors old Oh
stupid Oh
oh no keep knocking but start my third
script of the day boom boom
dude I'm in the zone today I don't
winter break is my first gripping
although billy straus is like in it this
morning I'm like killing game much found
a costume real quick I need for
something I might take another shower
really cold my office got really cold
and then I got to memorize my script for
tomorrow's audition someone remembers
about as I always am I just was not my
strongest point but I'm trying my best
battle council that's what i'ma do
another cracker okay well you what you
up to though what do you want to come
below let me know what you're doing how
you is what you want - yeah right we can
alright let me know let me know
hello my name is Willie and I can never
remember that I'm wearing mascara and I
rub my eyes a little a raccoon I have a
problem thank you for having me everyone
also what my eyeballs of those weird
thing were like look they were like that
it's like all we have to just be the
most uncapped piece of hair on it can
you be in a graph can you be an eyebrow
you better be an eyebrow haria memorize
my stuff for tomorrow I read it once
with Derek I was still reading lines
with people so granny's overcome but I
have to because when I don't and I just
memorize them when I go into the
audition I don't realize this person's
done their line or not so like I just
read it with some twice feeling good
about it
someone's two themes which is not that
bad because I've done auditions words I
can you please memorize these ten scenes
back tomorrow thank you
but D'Souza seems not that bad the
second single does have quite a few
Iguala log bits that are quite long but
I'm trying to get better at like not
memorizing but it's understanding the
concept of the lines right lolly can you
can you read a line look at this what is
this other share sprinting I take on my
hair free audition tomorrow too you know
boom
on that note it's also very interesting
when the auditions are very good looking
hot girls like make sure you want me to
audition for this role oh I'm like hello
I'm the hot girl hello and the hot girl
with ActiveHybrid hand you said you
needed a heart you're all happy
foundation on through whether it's count
how many chins is really happy okay
so obvious a fork I laugh but really the
problem not whatever if I like this so
long like this is like you asked for
tonight ostriches in an ostrich I'm
losing my mind
okay okay my play blow my they're going
sleep yeah what you're holding there
don't tell them because a surprise and
they don't know about it only you get to
know but don't even flip it over those
women
it's a sack of paper that's right just a
quick reminder that when you're watching
this today in a few hours at 3:30 p.m.
PST ask Superman live truth or dare
Edition will be going on my god hold on
is past 12:00
happy Valentine's Day my Valentine
I think you finally so much happy
Valentine's Day ask super when life
starts on Valentine's Day like I have
this years ago and it's our anniversary
and now that the honestly let's ruin
some sexy lingerie MEMS killing for much
more than physical emotional spiritual a
nice times you can't hurt or you know I
mean but a real task you go to
youtube.com slash Lilly Singh on my main
channel there is a link there that shows
upcoming live streams you can set a
reminder by clicking the bell
I'll see you choose or their dishes me
dope a school is going to be there are
you going to be there are going to be
this are you going to be then die tough
Quinlan imma for the baddest Isis vlog
with short and boring I just worked all
day long but come on oh it's like great
on my back thanks Eric say my dream and
answer is lovely short or boring way I
did a lot of work and I want whisky
because I mentioned early in the
mornings I will speak to that probably
after my audition because I don't like
to vlog before - in the morning but
until then
did you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
this is Valentine's a bone spell o-town
so Dom DOM and I wear your brush down
Wow those my nipples Oh Bom Bom
