you smell that smells like it's gonna be
a great day
not so possibly this impluvium sick
what's going on at I'm up at 2:00 p.m. I
woke up a little while ago I already
finished one call I just sleep in local
I was so tired last night I really
really need some cream so now I'm
feeling like super energized here's what
we got to do today post-production
fingers we light up write a script do a
video shoot don't know what's happening
with either those
I never poured something secret I can't
tell you about that also do it a few
days ago than I did it but report
something secret sign something that's
just the heavy days every M sorry head
and make sure my inbox is checked and go
to all my emails I have a lot of things
by the goals not only do those things
but do more cuz we don't want to just
reach the goals want to surpass the
goals kind of sort of maybe are just
class and take a nap well see they do
a good breakfast cheer to Queen we
Beyonce's who is expecting twins and
this into a Blue Ivy may we have a teal
and turquoise ID as well I cannot wait
for two more beautiful souls to react to
this planet you can say my mother is
Beyonce and thus I will be a phenomenal
lame human being a karate on say I am
ecstatic for you Cheers
loving this movie now find a household
tip I kept telling myself that I want to
work in my office and not work in my
room but I do know when to work in the
office and now I'm writing my scripts
and I was like having a little bit of
writer's block if you change your
environment psychological black you
change something in your environment it
sparks your brain to refocus again
because your brain will notice some sort
of change
so still writer's block of your night
the focus change the room turn on a
light you change clothes do something
that changes your environment it's like
a coaching technique actually I learned
about in school so if you're a coach and
you're people that you're coaching
aren't paying attention anymore seem to
be slacking or seem to be slower if you
turn off the lights in the room they're
coaching and they will probably be Reece
parks pay attention again to change your
environment if we're experienced in some
sort of block there's your house will
tip for the day mom okay what's poppin
just finished my script for tomorrow's
video release which we're shooting today
the crews gonna be here in ten minutes
just Center right now Nick show some of
the Goldmans life is all good finish
script let's take a shower clean D by T
good I wasn't on the list it was assumed
Elsa was anomalous because sometimes I
don't just kidding I actually take like
more than one shower day long I just
love my shower you know this is just a
very large making like do choreography
and says life's like have a party and
they're all so like I'm so late so I
should not be vlogging right now and I
should definitely just be right going at
a shower but I'll just like honestly how
was your day
woody woody what are you doing what if
what's up coming corn bullet on with
your day what did you do at top or
sometimes do ya mean okay
what up wall represent look at this hour
okay okay I'm going
when you here so mother effing goals
that's what let's shoot this video
machine whoo all right let's just say
let me try to wait where's the crew oh
hey hey where's Kyle Kyle hey guys I
ready to the video yeah what do us make
nice work you are get bonus points
otherwise you fail the commitment for
the video now those better mmm movie all
right I'm about to change it to another
character cuz trick gum the bomb like
pick pick wow that hurt and we're at
celebrity for tomorrow often it's a good
getting them their bands you don't wear
Dave like a single Mouse the time is
11:16 p.m. badly carnet 11:15 p.m. I
like a tinkle and then doing some work
that I got to do and keep half ago and I
go okay I'm loosing are telling them
social sister she was stressed about
like you know I go to do because I'm a
murderer because I'm killing the game
right now you might an email Murchison
so good it's 1:30 2:00 a.m. I've got so
much damn work done I decided some horse
stuffs and mad emails made bad decisions
made it to-do list for tomorrow
Who am I Who am I young sugar who am i
real Slim Shady
oh my own a night well my mascara all
right the time is 209 a.m. I'm going to
do the dishes clean the kitchen in my
room a little bit because some shooting
today I kind of measure disasters but
before that I thought you know since I
shot my video advanced and says you my
vlog family and you team super and you
my loyal and you check about me every
day I'm going to show you a sneak peek
of the video that's going to come up
today if you Alice now right now but
will be out soon and chisel seek mommy I
drew you well let me see sweetheart
this is trash it's really bad
please like it is like it really brief
but I find you want me to give you a
little bit of a little bit of a teaser
face mask of it go clean when you shoot
one video we have a get-it-done
mentality a better choice we just get it
done
and don't complain about the same
campaign to that crazy mode where I
won't stop doing things like I clean
tonight for no reason clean my fingers
now I didn't have to with like I should
be sleeping right now so I'm just gonna
shut it down Lisa fine fine you can go
to sleep you don't have to do anything
else it's okay we're going to sleep back
away slowly from all the positive
productivity is what I'm going to say in
a wonderful time to sleep so I'm stuck
with Nene I just want to fly faster day
but I feel like if I go over the laptop
right now and find the back of that's
gonna be of downward spiral of me
working for another three hours I need
to just back away and calm down I have
lots of time I must say not everything
is a few things that keep
procrastinating all that is need to get
done so still super productive thank you
for joining me on today in a few hours
of video will be released on my main
channel why I can't have to you I won't
have to put the wrong with blindly news
in the description scope there when the
video comes out and tell them that the
blog channel thank you know you can let
me look to a sneak peek because sharing
with you it does mile cook cook if you
like it subscribe
did you like it's as good a little
hungry knows when asking serious why
sleep but I hope has been turned to me
like cleaning the cabinet of cereals in
then washing the bowl and then
researching where where the cereal came
from them thinking about straight eat
cereal in the morning only write dinner
and then maybe I don't like begin
building your treehouse god knows just
eat the cereal lily and go to sleep you
can do it
