7:30 a.m. in New York which means is
4:30 a.m. in LA
good morning I slept for 4 seconds I
might I forgot my phone charger also so
I've got my chapstick my face wash my
headphones my photo georgia-based and
impact of her lips are so chapped right
now I phoned on 10% somehow long low
battery mode though your phone will just
stay alive forever if you don't touch it
because last night is on 12% now is on
10 I'm like what in the world another
wake-up call and hair braided Cimmerian
seconds here's a grapple today both
brush your fingers get my hair makeup
done go to the Calvin Klein show and be
all I did have a meeting after the
Calvin Klein show possibly taking out
had a meeting with my editor who is in
New York possibly check it out get my
hair makeup girl again or a Calvin Klein
after parties go to sleep more than
everything though I'm gonna do some any
nice as possible do work wherever I can
my goal is the show and the party in the
meeting oh honey perfect you can send
about by her makeup here let's do
survive oh my god oh my god oh my god
body's working up the time but we're so
grateful you guys would be great we
pretty cool let's do it this is
happening right now I'm not gonna hair
and makeup done Slyke is here so I'll be
vlogging yo I'm all done so this is
fashion things I know nothing about but
like a messy ponytail new look is very
like Calvin Klein apparently so if this
is the vibes - shirt these pants and my
dope shoes the jacket is over my
shoulders look at me I know I know
fashion of course I just woke up like
this and I'm like minimalistic fashion I
don't quite like it I like these sounds
a lot issues are freaking dope I love
these shoes I actually really like the
messy ponytail like new makeup look it
looks very like yo I'm a normal human
being and I'm down I like it a lot
alright we're heading to the fashion
show
let's go oh cause like I just put my
jacket on properly because event example
design I'm gonna be cool I brought lines
fine I thought Millie in the elevator is
he so adorable and cute and smart yeah
and then the guy was I can see with you
a little bag it is like a pebble at all
just like that's right along our Dora
Dora I don't like I ready for your
favorite day ever working with me yeah
this is 100 percent from swing oh by the
way looks fabulous no big deal I know
I'm trying to get Lily to wear this coat
but she thinks none aware if it's so
forward I'm just only when I'm here
learn my favorite pizza
we also actually like research and I'll
just be like Anderson identical twins
outlined on that everyone on The
Bachelor should have a combination Polly
she's so smart employs a little my
favorite people
thank you laying back no it's not such
an amazing beautiful awesome okay I'll
go back to say no I don't know where's
the got a great show so you won't look
like very cool which is locked all
obstruct the fire hands right now
sitting you know we're moving on out
girl
and joining you are moving on have you
been there girl come on go end the
camera here for me so we know like open
sometimes losing my marbles yes there
was like this is the best thing you've
ever done when I did besides the rapid
there's even a confectionery like
service there was just a partner's here
I do my research I'm losing result is
over circulated so if you got their
assignments working for my I have
nothing to say I'm just like looking
around everywhere I love Sarah
substances everyone's starting to sit
down
they make this guy that listen what a
multicultural experience Oh quiet
I know it's here just admit it was so
high back how was it Connor the colder
the colors are great was one of us we
did it when highlight was my heart all
the rap came out I almost had a heart
attack
- Connor would look at him so much of
the stuff by the way like water yeah cuz
I was like just like you have this year
I love it what up what up Jim went to a
meeting and then back in my hotel or 30
rolls I'm so damn excited for the
controls I feel of this natural makeup
look at that going on here we should
have to do this but I don't feel so cool
I like we got my comfort zone because
like admittedly so much as double much
wow that's like nothing I would have
conceptualized in my mind so it was very
cool it's also great to see Connor is
that decided in the show there's like
funky secrets like at the end of the day
like fashions are people's fashion and
the things they do not involve us all
that's like a little bit like strange a
little cool if people are and I like
them folk stop being cool people's art
also love the whole free the nipple of I
had going on with the girls a nipple
showing something like down with that it
guys me pushing I'm like down with that
it was really super super concise don't
meeting - oh my children BAM we eat them
I gotta go to parties tonight a Calvin
Klein run another one as well so I'm
gonna get glammed again I got rid of
that again but this lighting go let me
just take seven on itself you hold up
also today February 10 you know what
today is do you know what today is all
on happy one year anniversary of 82 you
I exactly one year ago attribute okay
I'm film release and changed my life and
it was amazing and at this time my
family was in town I just finished the
premiere and oh my god I can't lose when
a year time honestly flies happy
anniversary and thank you so much even
365 days later for making that so
incredibly powerful and meaningful to me
and I just frigging cannot believe it's
been a year today to you I am so happy
to embark on all that no I think there's
a good time to actor talk about this so
you know tour dates are coming soon yes
you know
I just want to prep all of you that my
book tour is not going to be like a cui
h2i you know what my creative vision
coming to life it was taking me to a
magical place with dancers in production
AV the book tour is not going to be that
I had the officers be like a book
because the usual going to bookstores
and signing and I was like no I don't
just find things I want to give my ayan
something as I decide to do a show but
it shows by no means a TTY it is going
to be me just me no dancers no
production I'm going to go on it's in
the right TED talk stylish from a top of
my book do some motivational speaking of
course we will do some comedy and stuff
as well but I just want to set your
expectations of it's not going to be a
GUI this is my way of just elevating a
signing to create a one-hour show I will
take some questions of the audience I'll
talk to my book talk about what I've
learned try to motivate try to inspire
try to make you laugh I just want to let
you know that it's h2u I was that and
this is something different this is me a
book tour so it's happy one your
anniversary I'm excited to do this
different type of tour with you and
something awesome
I can't wait and thank you for
supporting me in everything I do I
really do not waste food to get in
society to be here now oh there is Kathy
Lord go room good now I'm wearing Jack
pants yup gang gang gang gang Tina when
my swags and we're going to meetings
with Sarah not this era not even Sarah
sighs so that's 700 days
I'll see you why cause you think when
you name that's true editor add redditor
of my book let's go what a montage and
scene
what anybody I guess do a
asshole son okay I gotta do so little
over so I'm invited look at this great
book shop oh my god what is this
Wow it's not final one will be where you
invest Wow okay Wow oh my god I'm eating
ready so let get blend again yeah my her
birth you know babe
no I actually love what this one I got
my hair plaited I got to feel vibes I
got this thing when I got my sneakers
here oh look let me show you my own bio
bio bio boom and owners of it by the way
or whatever we make money to be honest
I'm still getting okay money
oh my goodness I'm so tired we just had
dinner we are leaving for the party in
45 minutes and I'm gonna do it for the
next 45 minutes I'm taking a
mother-effing nap
I am so damn tired and I feel I wish it
another good party right now because
I've got three hours of sleep that I got
I mean for example god I'm so damn tired
I just knocked over so hard for 30
minutes I'm about this party for like 20
30 minutes and come home when knock
Peppa I'm so tired those three hours of
sleep is catching up to me hard right
now but when I still here for so Sarah
Lee you have to tell Manor no Nara is
why I'm in New York it's like so cold
outside playing abroad sorry I'm cranky
we're gonna go do great
let's go we're going we're lying we're
going getting this party right now is
the mother for the surgery and I'm still
pushing
you might not like just on my people
pushing each other like Armageddon what
a booth bangs kind of flows through the
tub over there no big deal so like help
me oh it just like one something
definitely for the airport at 7:45 so
I'm going to change wash my face and
then poop and then go to bed that's the
math right now once the party was so
jam-packed it was very cool to spend
time with people I was like I'm over
this I'm going to pretend to sleep so
this whole experience was very very
super cool I think fashions soak why
don't know much about it immediately but
it's cool to see like people expressing
themselves in that way I think is really
dope so that's what's going on with
change you ready for bed speak to you
soon back hello my name is Kyle Koons
God Chuck will lay cookie thank you for
joining me on my wonderful day today in
your fashion week we are heading to the
airport in just a few hours very much la
as soon as I land I went straight to a
shoot when the big issue is you want to
be a part of it wait wait there I have a
lot of work to do tomorrow so every
moment that I'm not shooting I'm going
to be working on something is that a
really really big video shoot on Monday
that's no requirement oh hell a lot of
preparation I don't have to period so
we're here is my love so sweet believing
some cold and I want tea and humble back
in LA as well as any great enough month
kukuku if you like it subscribe do you
like is a good
I go time for some self promo I'm gonna
give you a few reasons why you should
provide my book how to be about right
now you get a hardcover I draw a final
cover today on the other day it's thick
as hell I believe no matter who you are
how old you are what situation we're in
life I believe this book cannot only
make you laugh but help you if you want
to preorder losing book calm as where is
that if not it's okay so love you bye
