it's 1144 my site without eleven boarded
their cities I got to my flight got
delayed by two and a half hours which
stresses me out because I'm heading to
New York and everything's messaging me
being like there's a blizzard the
weather's so bad it's like gradually to
get there I'm like the last thing I
needed to be stuck in New York and I
feel like that's what happened and
there's a blizzard when I land I'm not
down for my nose ring is asking up I'm
not picking my nose
here's over guys do say it's like this
like from the outside so close got to
figure it slide in New York that's
pretty much it or to fly to the organ at
nighttime on the plane though Paul
Crutzen fingers high magician and did
you send some emails read a square plot
our videos should I have on Monday eat
some peanuts drink some water
how about safe flight I'll add we're in
New York fashion we get into my makeup
but no problem physically leaning DUSU
bananas which I was still eating my
smoothie for humble when he comes so we
can talk crap mark these moments right
here to come and talk crap both use
bananas on purpose flag on play on play
on play on play on play on play tones
like matching twist these for life real
games on train has time no see
and if they say hi we were can't do it
it's like a blizzard in your cubicle in
the picture so we're going from the palm
case the blizzard New York she becomes a
New York Fashion Week
moving vehicles cleaners also work work
work was where I graduated
you wondering in this country society
no shame the face of defeat
that was a brutal play first of all
minor decent of the Wi-Fi stopped
working like very quickly like a now I
need a refund for my 3495 that I spend
on Wi-Fi I'm gonna have to put an email
here one for me okay I will yeah that
was Rafi oh the turbulence towards the
end I wasn't getting sick what a start
going for yeah and you know just in New
York and like we can't land because of
something that we circle the airport and
when we land you to circle be up or you
know 20 45 minutes of like just waiting
it was not great peter is like Lily's
thing I love it but I need like a Ken
here something to compute I'm not fun
well we're new you're just ajust good
news
no signs of our bags yet Uehara notice
me let's give you an update now it's
also I have to get about what time for
hair makeup and the one you so hard
because 7 is already for PS see that
already pretty good except my sweet when
you go to splitters afar sometimes
anyways I know where he's doing it
Oh
oh no miss Armageddon please access it
we get ya never coming back to me yet
but we're so fashionable look at us my
boogers are frozen
when polka circles don't be alarmed I'm
not a dungeon I'm just in my hotel room
is booty mother-effing fancy we take a
moment too soon so here's the door it
will trickle mattresses are walking with
oh is it one of those fancy fashion
hotels well I'm a sleep like this isn't
in a parallel mother-effing dimension is
this nice at the door I have urinal I'm
not complaining of Charlie fighting but
like luxury hotels not a fan I like my
basic mother effing hotel the basic bed
basic desk low maintenance because then
you get like this one's like why is that
tub next to my desk right now
why are you don't like it so dim also
blessed that lamp I was it's so dim like
am I in a case am I being punished I've
I've been grounded at our exact time in
New York I was supposed to get to my
hotel to land at a contralto by 10 it is
136 a.m. I had to wait for glam like
seven I ordered an omelet cuz I'm hungry
but I'm excited cuz tomorrow went to
Calvin Klein Fashion Show and I went to
do people is gonna be great hold up hold
up hold up Sarah stylist also sent these
shoes so when I checked in there waiting
for me there's the new shoe she wants to
wear for tomorrow and they're super
super joke - is I ready for this and
after I'd be so fabulous I checked into
a hotel but like missing you have a
delivery a package of money we live here
I don't get it like you see how you do
any or be just like look at me I'm a
girl I just like a boy I love I love it
tomboy strength all day every day thank
you Sarah salad okay how much we'll just
say I'm actually not that tired by how
much looks like stay awake and not like
massively fall asleep before I Alma gets
here I have an idea ah chill out in my
tub no big deal no big Nargis and this
is how I relax you know how I'm wine
after a long did I job off my desk I
finish writing emails I jump in my hub
so everyone is my room can see what's
going on - I mean yeah oh my colorful
display after emails you know I missed a
few errands also it's all good I might
notice all things I do for Blonsky
so I just discovered after done show
your Tatas here when you take a shower
here there's actually no door it's you
take a shower and then this is the room
there's this little thing right here
that's what's a block but like well why
like I don't need that luxuries why
don't they make sense why don't thinking
says like I'm very blessed and grateful
the beers very beautiful I'm sure it's
very plentiful but like it is since
oh I just it makes me laugh so hard like
what happened to making sense over being
luxurious I just don't get it we just
finished eating my omelette is 227 am I
have to live in five hours I need to do
basically taking a shower today right
now was today anyway right now or in the
morning and I know I've got to do in the
morning I need to it right now also my
room is cold
come on take a shower okay fine all
right good oh I love my sweater of a
transition hold on you reduce sorry when
your vlog sucked today because you
didn't do anything so you have to make
up tricks to do in your hotel room
but that's animatic I did it a month and
horrible job packing didn't pack face
wash impact my headphones and impact
face cream impacts my visit but it's not
a bad job packing I'll go to bed I go in
a few artists lead hopefully mostly
because of slump PST but I'm very
excited so tomorrow I like to step out
of my comfort zone I'm not Lally stop
stop be fine where I'm not completely
sure how this stuff works so I'm excited
to learn about it I've been to fashion
shows before continued fashions last
year I've ever been like part robot a
show to watch it was very very cool so
I'm excited about that I'm not gonna
stay on the toilet because it's pitch
black in there actually all the truck
and I'll be fine we'll get intimate good
luck with Eddie that's right thank you
for joining NZ I really don't know if
this vlog was lame or not I apologize I
was literally in a plane the whole time
thank you for being patient on these
days where I'm not very entertaining and
nothing really happened I love you for
that
tomorrow you at Fashion Week happens
when Calvin Klein fashion show in the
morning Calvin Klein party at night that
outfit were both are making up for both
I'm gonna make a fabulous person
tomorrow
and until the next day or whatever by
probably on the plane but for tomorrow
oh yeah and tell them if you like it
that's good did you like it subscribe I
know what it was I also forgot my
chapstick that's why I can't live with
our traffic enemy chapstick I must
frigging waste you waste you I'm a way
soup ah but you don't have to be a
waster how could those in Twitter watch
my last videos watch all that is watch
everything one portly watch this they
