it's 6:00 a.m. please punch me in the
eyeball good morning
you know it's really awake one this is
its doors it's the walking dead outside
it's nighttime out that so it's not
trying to wake up the Sun is like what
Sally doing on ie robbed yet I hear make
it was downstairs
I'm Jason makers conference I have here
make up for an hour and a half and so
one hour drive there so that's what's
happening today I should get my hair all
did at my face all did okay hold on let
me just get raised with conference okay
that's better
Oh honestly and shouldn't pop you simple
yesterday but it's okay a real human I
got to braid out these two braids one
make up big blue the thing those two
hours through the events I'm like how
much time she just make up with two
hours the car that you know I'm asleep
in also like am I trying to change right
now so I'm in the car for two hours or
so these are the questions Kyle okay I'm
a change when I get here so I can
actually be a little comfortable not too
comfortable so the car Bella will come
to a post production fingers here we go
today we got to go to the makers
conference and do my speech I come back
home and do a video shoot I'm then going
to write a script for tomorrow's video
shoot check my emails sign a thing a
thing since I drew today
above all that even though we're sleepy
when I put positive energy into the
world and be like yep it is a blessing
on a beyond I'll be awake when I'm
asleep like a mother from baby tonight
here we go also is it raining again LA
when you arrive and you step in the car
for hour and a half and then use of a 14
minute nap I was talking my dream for a
second I was dreaming I couldn't get up
and now I'm up and now they're like yo
go make a speech with my kid let me fix
my face and I'm so tired but I'm going
to change mountain and we're gonna make
a speech gamma chase talking wake up
come ready high five right here times
wake up a little white boy oh my god I'm
just flag down alright I'll flag go that
shoe gang go do it so no exaggeration
when I say it's gonna take us five whole
minutes walk to my room to the other
dinner on the floor it's a maze I've
never been to a hotel and the walls are
like this was like ah cool really I'm
trying to find Alice right now obviously
you're cut down the rabbit hole raining
up Cooper's words like look at this and
it's like five verses of the circle is
easily disposed of huge jump above the
weather so crappy because it's like
beautiful there's a cool lizard ocean
later
you want to hit some big bottle what is
the ocean to see there's a sea over
there to it I'm like yo mammy area also
been like chilling in it but now I'll be
right over to walk fun fact issues are
one size too small for me but I suspect
for the speech I'll suck it up because
they so swag and other thing is there's
no comfort zone with foot prompter which
means my notes will be there but I hope
that the font is large because my
eyesight is really super bad doublet
yeah I make Hulu videos and I have on
10,000 a music newsletter subscribers
recalled comments and tiny my name is
Ibiza
the laser ooh ah my prospective friend
Sabrina both I'd pretend like it's
beautiful like such an adult coming
asking super hardest thing off of my
phone is going to work fine depart and
that's how employment is making some
husband my parents are comedian a hand
arranged road and I saw where that was
the girl performance we are really
saying that you may not know me but
either way you might have had an
absolutely relevant and I and exactly
like we are in a generation of literally
painting world my happy face is when my
actions my heart and my mind all match
but it is none of them really seen hi
morning your parents you might not like
what about say the greatest ideas have a
plan a plan B a Plan C some dirty little
panties that's right a claim I'm here
all night
don't worry don't worry I'm here all
night don't matter it's really funny
that with no condition sell back your
friends I still don't know what or how
to use iCloud because I out there I put
that out there and a lot of that I don't
want to go to grad school I want to make
youtube videos
all my friends are the problem drinking
being loud but I was excited on TV
because there was an interview with Kate
Winslet and when she was speaking I felt
like she was just talking to me because
the interviewer asked her what advice
you have for someone that wants to be
successful in salmon industry if you
want to be in the entertainment industry
don't have plenty because having a plan
B and you're expecting your plan a to
fail and that's the wrong attitude to
have
Entertainment and YouTube are always
going to be my planet
yoshino thing is my technique and my
strategy I'm a big believer of putting
all of your eggs in one basket and
making sure that basket is golden I'm an
endless by saying something that ancient
parents face what engines there's a
special milk at all times lettuce from
you
I said no B only thank you so much you
know I can change my freetime acres I
think it went okay car do you think it
went great
you killed it comment yeah promise okay
little constic we were wine into the
concentration on Kyle's place with a
friend and would say that person that
you do handshake with music seems behind
Jay gray I knew it
knowledge and travel time let's zoom in
on that face treatment so they even put
my initials in the car what is LS a
Stanford community suburban Lincoln base
what does ls stand for Lincoln is the
Lincoln LS of the model cases inducing
model that's why I was financially well
we are heading home a little bit
downtown and then we got to do like okay
we're going to have a grilled cheese
plain a double-double no tomatoes with
onions 2 fried 1 regular coke and 1 diet
that coke because I'm healthy
I'm sorry phasing it out but I'm so
excited you get the good night
straight print into Baltimore when you
went outside the window and disappears I
push one side well low-income in a
moving vehicle I sleep Leslie planes and
cars of six so we have an hour left
alright then behind the head
when you get home earlier than
anticipated three hours before you're
shooting yours like for that I hit my
truck okay okay let me fix my face of a
shoot see decide can you know Sonya
notepad party what I put a reference all
right let's go shoot this video I'm
actually shooting me it's very very
quick she like an hour I'm shooting the
intro for the video that's coming up
Monday so it's just the beginning scenes
that I need let's tough it out let's go
so tired naps are I'm not good at them
when bay shows up good
hi I'm Gina hello getting video today is
a very good camera like look gloom too
small I'm going to do like a delta
ah like camera magic you see I was only
edited because post-production right
here for production please really you
know I just say shooting with my GP so
bloody annoying every time you shooting
videos you always act very bad my name
is not sing line correctly you not doing
this very bad physically so very
perfection little ketone good breath
little Dumber he saw noisy unknowing
robot on my body this was a super MJ I'm
so on knowing my name indeed I'm
agitated ah how many do you yeah I'm in
here okay she's come on hello Mandeep
Singh but in this you see me asking once
that I think she get a little bit a hot
and spicy she see me doing action God
all stand everything is she likes my
heat you're looking so very she does you
this writer medivh sing come on let's go
hello
these books are getting signed by
Antonio who are you expecting someone
else
this mask is drying so damn weird I like
John Ramirez go do some work
see see see see see goddamn that face
mask I was sitting like a new person
so get rid of all this boom grunting I
just sent a gang of more than email I'm
not saying a gang more of emails killing
my to-do list right now is quite early
still it is 954 si name in 10 yet I'm
gonna do a little more work watching TV
is that the T right over there that's
what that is
and then yeah much I get an early night
is tomorrow I got a shoot ed well that
works and you still have to write
scripts all writing scripts all days
here we go have no complains all whoo
nothing playing zone no complain
we know better we know better oh oh
there's our change my mind I'm sleepy
I'm gonna push my shoot until later time
come on hope so it's going to sleep or
they want to watch one episode Jane the
Virgin on my TV eat some cereal right
now go to sleep
calculate 10 hours or 10 hours of sleep
wake up and start working earlier and it
hopes also fixes my sleep schedule that
is very clearly asked up let's go get
some cereal God's led cereal I can't see
over breakfast lunch and dinner straight
to a pop it's like some handle hold him
just dangle Ogden said I was going to go
to sleep instead send a massive email
because I'm just a workaholic but it was
an important email and I sent it and now
I feel justified to walking up to the
gym beverage and go to sleep
and I will be sleeping by 12:00 midnight
and wake up at 10 a.m. or miraculously
somehow maybe earlier 10 a.m. is what
I'm gonna hope for wake up work on
scripts do some stuff I got to go to New
York again on Thursday so I'm trying to
get as much done as I can before that
happens I want to talk quickly about
like how to think about cuz sometimes
when I do stuff back-to-back people in
the comments like how do you do things
and I think to my brain I see two
options once let's have a moment when
just talking about words we have two
options one is for short-term gain no
instant gratification and one is long
term gratification longevity so when
you're facing situation between work or
something else
ask yourself are you strong enough to
not fall into the trap of instant
gratification and delay your
gratification and said work on something
because now I can watch you in the
version actually feel good about it
whereas a couple hours ago I've been
like oh it's good but like I really ask
myself all over the rest of that so
here's the thing when there's instant
gratification get it away instead think
about long term long term you're in it
to win it you're in it to win it so win
it come on be a boss you know something
this is just become part of my room now
honestly vital fix this tomorrow slap me
slap me across the face you like going
Diddy okay before I did wanna talk and
ask you a question because this happened
to me today I had just seen where I
sleep it's 700 selfies I'll charge in
one but I couldn't like land the self
you know I mean I know this is my phone
is like delayed now oh I think selfies
I'll look at them and my eyes are closed
in all of them and I'm like my eyes were
closed during the pictures I think I'm
like pressing it and my phone is
actually taking the picture like two
seconds later all my Instagram me show
you what my selfies look like from today
drugged I don't mind like why am i close
i Aleutian comment all of my self we
know what Iceland why understand
something wrong with me - I think my
eyes are open or closed
what the hell is that new is this like I
think is on the iPhone 7 now so iPhone 6
we came back oh we gonna f up all your
mother's and selfies that's right makes
you look like sunglasses is painted on
your damn face you can never see your
mother for pupil ever again getting you
iPhone 7 god damn it oh yeah yeah thank
you for joining in today we had a very
productive day welcome very early went
to Orange County and surprisingly Orange
County there is no strange name you
should change it pimple pimple pimple
hopefully you're all gone tomorrow
you ready retains because the precise
face mask on it's fine it's fine
I still love myself that's probably why
this a book major speak very very cool
conference I was very happy how that
went
came home shot a video overall very
great day and tomorrow we got script
writing a shoot possibly of feeling and
read allocating every day infinite land
that's going on so it's going to be
another great day if you would like to
provide my book idea boss the link is in
the description is bit of the
description loading book calm is how you
could do that so I'm cooking up some
dope it for you till tomorrow so
cookbook if you liked it subscribe did
you like it subscribe
yes mask la weapons and Appetit is
indeed party what happens in d party
still not with John you see something
except at the party you best let me know
I know you're trying to get played
I know here for no drama you got let me
know straight back up while a sons nd
party
