except for four seconds good morning the
time is five am Craig to the airport
Lynch in New York so tired so
disoriented Airport New York little
housing to somewhere in New York he's
going to land to some frostbite when
you're casually dragging around a $400
bags since Colin Cameron why why are you
going or don't worry Joe I'm not over
I'm not over I'm sorry
New York series except so weird we can
repeat one back we go such a strange
degree and I was like the whole play but
I got too much like Goodwin grab a bag
probably be stuck in so much traffic and
head to our hotel how you feel all we
get is roughly why I love it when people
can't pronounce your basic white names
Kelly Kelly
in fact my hotel bougie and hot but it's
all cool and I tell em to do with until
tomorrow or even 17 hours short short
trips
I love sweaters that have this other one
makes me so happy it's the little thing
I gotta poop I don't wash my hair
through that chuckles no tell the
cock-eyed chickens my name also can you
send me extra shampoo just right off the
bat one of nass we do reference first
things first so you know what I got to
do survive for the next 17 hours oh okay
okay so we mirror swimmers so many Murs
hi mom and they don't have that many
vegetarian options so you just get size
mac and cheese by mashed potatoes
cookies ice cream waters more also the
lighting in this room I don't even see
making streaks in my blog what a bomba
class you know something I can't get
used to in America is the serving sizes
like this was called a side mac and
cheese but the neck is not a Mainer but
this is completely a main Liddy's fries
that's a one person one person what's
the Apple Margo what a Merkel also this
in the news I can say too much about
this letter know everything of politics
they don't I'll pretend like I do and
use it a lot of things about Donald
Trump doing some weird weird angry
things such as a pipeline and such as a
whole bunch of other things and every
searching through Twitter and like
reading people's tweets and majority of
people Souter I regret voting for you
and I'm just like I ordered these
cookies you know from the kids menu to
go on fours like a man that's on the
kids menu those like you know kid size
quite small this is the kids menu
cookies which one kid want these two
massive Riggin I just don't even get it
I'm gonna eat it okay to a third bad
person yo just release my main channel
video what I'm actually thinking during
meetings fun fact half of the footage
from that shoot disappears so made ship
would put in rehab because I got it done
the videos are to on check out the links
for this in the description right there
to my main channel as you may or may not
know this is my second vlog channel
where I just do this and I do bloopers
and all seven also I also do bloopers
for the video so you can check that out
on this channel I'm gonna take a shower
at the time is a couple minutes before
8:00 so I have a missed call from Sarah
a couple minutes before 8:00 when wash
my hair my goal is to be in my bed
sleeping before or Act 10 on the docket
are with wet six Lego was cooking good
looking the time is 947 I've gotten so
many emails
ordered my hot tub for the roof dyes
been like months coming because I was
like the Kent's I can't decide those if
you UPS just friggin decide I researched
it I did it a gun of doing so much work
aside from Hot Tools network or is it
worth I'm trying to really get my house
done before my parents come in March so
that's really important to me like I
want them to come into my home for the
first time that I own and be like make
yourself at home when I have furniture
and stuff and so I'm really working hard
towards that but I've also sent a lot of
work email so killing the game I'm going
to sleep in about 15-20 minutes until
then
dad o'clock at a castle dad coughing
cashews because I'm an uncle surreal
okay assassin it says my bedtime I don't
care I'm an old fart yes an old fart
speaking of which it has to eat some
brain food
today's theme party here are five random
facts about party number one the average
human farts 14 times a day Leslie pick
me pick me
ah number two farts exit your butthole
at around seven miles per hour
number three women is farts actually
smell worse than men's carts because
they were higher concentration of
hydrogen sulfide dress and I rights all
by itself sulfide doesn't matter I
bought more than you unless you're a
woman in which case we both fart a lot
women don't fart they just poof glitter
number four I read it inhaling farts can
actually be positive dramatic effect
healthy because taking in small
quantities hydrogen sulfide can actually
repair mitochondrial damage and as you
know because the mitochondria is the
powerhouse of the cell number five if
you want to fart less you should avoid
the following foods although I don't
know why you would want to far less eggs
red meats and foods high in fiber are
though not more did you just learn five
random things about party Oh what's the
moral of the story you should go find
everyone sit near their buttocks and
inhale their farts and it's not what you
do but it could be healthy for you
I mean if you're into that I mean
whatever I'm not here to judge you
whatever floats your boat whatever kind
of boat you on whatever kind of stanky
boat you walk on heels important I do
have to are you okay oh then I was
wonder why you're blurry hello hello
hello oh no you're fine you're fine
you're fine
oh you don't blink you look like that
what I found you that is not what I need
asleep Authority ten ten twenties top
the lighting in just washable Photoshop
or I doing
when it in world you to make advances
you to the toilet turn talk with Leonard
what's poppin I think this vlog was
quite sure because I was just sleeping
at a plane and then got to New York and
I'm here of a few hours I'm shooting
something really cool tomorrow stay
tuned to find out who that is wit and
then right after that I'm flying back
home so all of tomorrow will also be in
a plane so we'll see what's gonna happen
then and then I don't know I don't know
whatever click my abs are you just
kidding just kidding that's a joke I'll
bet get at least eight hours of sleep
which we knows on that for me but it's
going to be more than I would have gone
if I went to sleep later because I'm
waking about 6:00 apparently is the time
called 6 a.m. guess what wait until
tomorrow I hope you have a wonderful
splendid wedding more than anything I
hope you create that day for yourself
cook cook if you liked it subscribe did
you like it subscribe we miss all right
end what is is like a TV or something so
good of thermostat hold up look that's
an optimist I'm obviously not 80 degrees
come on what reason will be Bolivians I
think the height eggless vibration is oh
my god what the f road go and take over
the world ok stop it I see you as you
machinery stops
