today is such an exciting day such an
exciting day couldn't talk about what's
happening today so I was like I'm in the
mood to just like hang with a fan do a
good deed just kind of chill and connect
with another human there's a fan by the
name anoop it is her 12th birthday today
she's here from Canada so I have
orchestrated never even met her before
I'm never her family but I orchestrated
a surprise birthday party for her at my
house because I had just seen her
dedication I've heard from so many
people what a big fan she's so we don't
throw a fan a birthday party today
here's the mission to throw a birthday
party make it lit please my video clue
super 60 go to my emails locked my
nightly movie I am sorry so I know seven
things about her I know she likes Lego I
know she wants to eat Chipotle with me
people say that she's never had to pull
a and she wants it she follows me I've
arranged Tripoli arranged a cake I've
decorated the place of whom she the
decorations so noop likes Lego so I got
all his Lego theme stuff got a little
bit of this little bird got some Lego
candles a little bit of that a little
bit of this little bit of all of this
little bit
she seems cool I think this is cool what
is here oh I'm nervous I don't know why
I'm so nervous but she's here I want you
to be perfect
oh don't run me over with you would
actually just like okay we're gonna do
whatever you want to do when I was in
Mexico usually we have lights that they
don't like exactly know that you run the
whole company this is you what's your
next video
dude this is the official superwoman no
luckily this competition is not about
humble
no my name three video titles two of
them are ones I've done one is not tell
me which one is not the one I've done
types people in the shower types of
people in horror movies types of people
who clean the house who can do when they
sign off of the information of it is one
most one that is a wrap and Zoop
that is that is a wrap
what is the website to buy my merch a
temple Lilly think I found one the name
of one of the songs in the video where
Lily k-member the name of the song taxi
Thanks nothing very similar to a lily
beat someone looks like boats which one
of these characters have I never dressed
up as Samara firefighter dr. OH
which videos recent but not that recent
did Lily dress up as nine characters you
should pick it up here it looks like
some biased questions recently made a
video talking about being a Calvin Klein
model okay what snack does I keep eating
throughout the video
no skittles no muffins no one more
Simpson likes them donuts Co did you
want a Simpsons question wow I hate a
thousand blogs how did I celebrate by
giving away in the smallest which one of
these was not a tour stop date New
Zealand Hawaii Australia boy what was my
last video released last cloud with
Willis America no let's talk about money
no no 117 it's a wrap how many followers
when I was real 7.5
the one was still David come back
who ends up getting the most offended
points
very successful birthday party we did
karaoke turned up we built some Legos
now it's time to get to work because
more we could do more people's day we
can make can you hear my neighbors but
it's all good you smacked my back on
tractors you'll be laughing you know I'm
gonna be hella loud next time I bigger
video so many hours have passed I got so
much work done coins for clearing the
inbox coin for playing some stuff I
can't tell you about yet cuz it's a
secret but you'll find in a few days I'm
gonna be shower and then we got to watch
our movie that's such a productive
wonderful great dance so happy
although can I just tell you that I
really love the video I released today
types of weddings let me give you some
insight right so the character that I
dressed up as that gives the speech
towards humble that's like you let me
tell you my friend Giggy right that's
people in like and if you're from this
area don't be offended I think I'm
allowed to says but as I've been like
from Brampton speaker like Rex tiller
like even where I grew up Scarborough in
Toronto these areas that's all people
speak and so mutable or just die people
in Toronto specifically we use a lot of
slang I do a lot of slang that's how I
was originally my cell phone junkie your
real family and Ewan no star like that's
how we talk Wow just jump down the
shower listening to the classics yo
a new segment I say a second but I might
forget every other day so today we're
gonna do something y'all have been
sending me such fire pictures of you in
the merch I need to just show it off
right now children music look at that
strut your stuff in fire fire fire fire
oh yeah oh yeah look at that mug that so
soft Merkel I'm just close and just cold
huh twerking that Murch
working on that MERS on anything that
come on that Merck just watched American
Beauty really old movie but I haven't
seen it yet twisted really good wood
twisted and dark and like little cringe
at some points like how this movie would
never get made now but it was different
not like anything else I've ever seen is
I'm gonna write in my little book well
my favorite scene was my favorite
transition yummy done okay now god i'ma
go to sleep I'm gonna just blog this and
just to God in my actual Twitter I want
to go to bed I want to wake up with no
new pimples for the past two days I've
woken up in everyday pen know me I don't
want another pimple please I know I
don't drink water I know I've been
drinking Coke Zero
I know I only buttery popcorn had a
single vegetables became one vegetable
having done anything how do you know how
many times I pee I know all these things
are correctable come on science god it
was me stronger so no pimples thanks
let's hear we did today
dawn hi after video released today I
kind of explained him step back on the
grind of doing things I love telling
stories I love baking these I think I'm
really funny I can't wait to create more
and my schedule is not crazy yet either
because like people are still kind of
picking up backup for the holidays or
tomorrow I'm gonna have like anything
particular I can strip I won't write
some ish when do some funnies I will do
some research animal learn so I'll tell
tomorrow where we learn mm-hmm if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you haven't done so already
you can go ahead and subscribe the
buttons right there it's free you might
as well do it check out my last vlog my
main channels you don't wanna make main
channel comedy skits on my other channel
this is my vlog channel if you're
watching this and you didn't know that
where are you where are you that's
that's interesting let me know how that
happened in the comments go I'm not
subscribe because I liked when you're
here
