cigar namaste orchid office good morning
where's actually more is not even
afternoon I was about what time is right
because like 10:00 it's like it's like
okay it's 11 7 8 11:20 ok I'll toast me
downstairs at 10:30 but with appointment
I will shoot right now
oh well Botanica 7 hours of sleep I
wrote a script last night were about to
shoot it like my sweater
ESPYs on it I'm shooting today for my
video tomorrow and so I'm trying to
super doctor which is why look kind of
like this another human being here is
what we are do today
post-production fingers in this video
she watch the Super Bowl pretend I know
what's happening go through email signs
from ish that has to happen book my
tickets to go to Carnival that's why I
came in there and maybe hit 11 million
subscribers
hopefully sacred when billy gets his
hair done for you looking like your best
alternative self if this is what I look
like on the regs live hair day long I'm
more fine of myself don't care of my
girl that oh my god I'm terrified right
now
I've never looked better hey what when
you get a real real looking photo and
you trick everyone oh let them know like
try something you no one will believe
that I would sweetie we draft son that's
what's up Super Bowl Sunday or something
there's weather basketball gamers out
there so I figured all I know is Lady
Gaga's for me and that's what I was here
for not on what do you want - what are
you making pancakes healthy pancakes
Colorado's cooking for you dial nine one
and when aiwei's hit the last one case
whether it is book oh snap oh snap
that's pretty that's pretty average
that's great you did such a good job
amazing
Wow amazing and I smell me better this
is the first one rocket iron chef
distances distances into vintage into
distance it's as if anyone look at the
roundness you know we appreciate all
shapes and sizes and we do this was a
trial on how's this like what is this I
think he told you the first to tell me
11 times 11 million subscribers is sweet
sweet sweet bitch bitch she just wants
me hanging on a high-five number four
five six seven eight nine ten eleven big
sweet congratulations
bitch you work really hard you deserve s
rich very proud of you thankfully
tomorrow I'm going to be at 15 million
so you know let's go buy some champagne
yeah so a million members my vision
board I hope has what I won my husband
of five million he have it I do have it
a home still thank you so much seems to
buy water into your capture box well
numbers are cool but still like it was
makes me most times like you guys are so
positive and supportive and loyal do
great humans with at least in what I can
tell you're good humans and that makes
me very happy thank you so much we're
doing it we're going to be together
forever and going to and now we're going
to do a celebration what are we gonna do
now that we're booking tickets
but going on every general second
everyday aspect I call the bedrock
bedrock get more than you ever go you
know I'm so sad my hair come out one
time
also randomly Florida cop over $40 no
big deal we're all looking around it
would be in Florida I was very excited
it's so hard to get to train others so
many stopped over the salon but we're
going to climb I have never been I've
never been to Caribana to run I'm so
excited I mean not on humble and she's
going to be there I think that he's
gonna join us a part of the way my shop
your mom Pottery Barn Oh let's watch the
halftime support a center we know in
that baseball sport you just something
shocking I've never been to Kyle's house
now gonna go first time I'm in kylajo
wait am I love your home well obviously
yes now he's recording but this is your
second inviting me all girls the first
time when I say you're not welcome no
you're kind of not welcome to me a year
to prep for her arrival oh that's right
did you get me set up these are
vegetarian wings I did rather what I'm
super bowls did you wish in the girl get
it girl all of my shows I need to be on
the civilians flying in the air I want
everyone to know team I need this for
myself
we've get on it watching the Super Bowl
no reaction touchdown no reaction
I think they'll never remotely resemble
strangers if you're the strangest things
commercial Halloween didn't do the sauce
insult our not so far Halloween strange
things to all god damn does a good
commercial on how didn't know why not
tell me I'm going to text my steps on
right now right now when many your
friends care about the Super Bowl
and everyone's on their phone that's
none of us here we're just like this up
is happening over there we don't really
understand
oh my god ah Aloha what the hell is
happening
I'm over this let's go home oh well that
home and I don't really even watch the
superball I don't this is bad I don't
care so bad my best to represent in
Mayas bag person what also person is
gonna go to turn on in Florida don't ask
a lot of questions and what vodka is all
over my laptop right now don't ask any
questions
apparently the game has quite a turn
around and I was like insanity it sucks
2-point game when really were like so
boring but it's like a change what we're
doing right now
yeah probably not I'm totally focus can
be like I'm okay the funny over Twitter
yeah I'll paralyzing it what Canada and
this match my good okay I'm okay I'm
okay I'm okay when we take back
everything we said it will want to do
Super Bowl that benefit I'm not go oh
you know oh wow penalty icing and falls
outside okay three boys from the line
that's great but that is the first Super
Bowl in history to going over to life I
know that patch thanks for doing a
sitting right now for my makeup
conference whoa I gave me some times
because you think you don't look good oh
so good I love always look good cause
you're signing we're going to move them
like decked out looks to make up your
non speakers to make a conference on
Tuesday so just your whole time how do
you know
I'll go unicorn ones do design it
without what we start 100% unicorn was a
recoleta specialist panhead I get let's
play mom is the tree house because we're
nixing the trio's I really wanted to
stay in a tree house when I can whisper
hours away I think she's referring to
shields in Tobago which is not 12 Victor
where we're not been here it was awesome
it was amazing
yep still there but I got these lights
hopefully to put inside my vanity and
then I'm a regardless lab capes
something where to get it from put it
over tomorrow or tomorrow
alright the times 11:30 my makeup is
okay times 11:30 and I just left
I'm really tired and get over speed last
night Oh both early for my shoot but I
have a bunch of us to before sleep but
before that really really really
important more Deanna breath work on it
when you have the contraband who I work
on I'm so excited that I went according
about like a bucket list item for me
last year I was bummed because I went to
Marshall London had to leave before
Carnival imagine leaving two days like
three days before carnival started I was
like devastated but they had some hty
stuff have to do I'm so excited to go I
right now a normal place we're saying so
you might be homeless let me get better
but we're going that's the cow's life is
my experiences I also want to say one
more time I'd already said it but thank
you so much I'm just like kind of thing
about myself and just thinking about
thank you so much for letting million
subscribers it's not about the numbers
who makes the number I'm so proud of all
you know so even what we have into my
day I want to pick up my camera you can
only share with you I'm just so happy to
share things with you I'm so glad you
shared house me thank you so so much
cheers to hopefully hitting 12 million
one day we'll see what happens you've
literally made all my dreams come true
speaking of way Joey some brain food
here are five random facts about dreams
number one you can't read or tell time
in your dreams or if you're like me it's
while you're awake ahead you're kidding
I can read time not so much number two
did you know that Google
and the sewing machine are two things
that were prompted by dream as I think
of all my genius ideas when I'm on the
toilet then right home right number
three studies show that men can get up
to twenty erections per dream yeah I
mean hey I mean are you a number for our
brains are actually more active while we
sleep than while we're awake number five
in your dreams you can only see faces
you know you cannot create a new face in
your dream every scary person in your
dream every person was making out with
in your dream you know that face I
cleared for that question for y'all
not anymore if you just learn five new
things boom please learn how to change
some clothes sounds like a job for
tomorrow done that's where a thank you
for doing this today what does thankful
the Super Bowl that happens earn a
million subscribers turn out something
awesome things happened today smart
bunch a busy day I have four meetings a
fitting to get myself tailored and then
everybody shopping on Tuesday as well in
the video that we shot and well sign
submission I assign know if they got
signed some patience becomes clean my
room my list I got it on with every day
but it's no one every show they're doing
you know saying I wash my face and a lot
of bad things during that day tomorrow
we hustle some more council we counsel
whispering positivity every single day
what so you love love cookbook in you
like it subscribe if you like it too
good television every day is special I
come out the fat side that softness and
mod and you like what is it hot so good
- we did our sauce for my job dropping
ting and
