the sun is shining off limited oh wait
hold on okay hello good morning Bob
Marley's playing through my speakers I
got breakfast all ready to go I slept in
I'm in the shade holed up with Sun I
want to sign it okay right there I
remember that I mean Breckenridge there
it is gonna be a wonderful tremendous
day it is Saturday if you let you feel
the Sun you feel the energy fields
through my screen you'll through my head
in case where you are there's no Sun not
make your own sunshine we go please what
when I do those fluffy fingers keep some
awesome uh that's um breakfast get my
hair braided by poppy I pretty much
decide right here go to memories into
Q&A for her channel also just show my
friends come home write a script for
tomorrow's shoot and go through all my
demos into other miscellaneous work sign
summation but more important than all
that have a positive day
oh I'm gonna hot mess okay let me be
your value Bobby I need to braid my hair
yes look at me on a random static get my
hair done by Bobby Bobby just even
decide to total the Sun News are calling
me like I'm a curly white spirit just to
close the cuticle and a sunshine family
here also is cuticles not just sales the
more you know he gets a baby hair don't
cooperate figure them out turns out
memory I aren't going to shoot today
because she's running around gathering
things Chris grabbing us barbecue after
so going to memory later which means I
get some worked on right now which means
I'm going to do something I've been
putting off for a long time and that is
the filling this drawer waste my jewelry
I have not impact any of my jewelry ax
it is still in a box somewhere and I'm
gonna use time to do it that wasn't on
my original list but rewind yet in ish
done here's the thing Bulma co-locate
actually organized and then I found this
bag full of seventeen thousand more
earrings and a whole pile of jewelry
it's not just legs are this big and then
I'm like also that's for my wooden
spoons are yeah alright so I did but I
could with what I have I need to
potentially buy more trays these trade
right here
these trays be killing the game idea
more these these are also my key
characters earrings I don't need to
bring my Indian jewelry from Toronto
next trip but what I've got is a
situation and then we lift this is we
got more so we're getting there got that
there we're getting there slowly but
surely and what I was just thinking I'm
like doing this intricate task of
putting earrings and sections and I'm
like life is so interesting like I'm not
I stop and think I'm doing tasks like is
this what we're supposed to do on
plunder on planet earth under were like
cavemen and cavewomen
they're making fire like let's fast
forward to me sorting my earrings right
now be liking these studs that is shiny
enough to go in this pile or not he's
like so excited this what were meant to
do what is our purpose planet Earth
fascinates me in fact let's talk about
it or you might to eat some brain food
here are five random facts about Earth
and so I do this mushers alone I'm like
you can you see my contest can you see
them as you can just hey number one
you know earth is the only planet not
named after a god number two at the
equator we all way less than what we
would wave if we were at one of the
North Pole ourselves or one of the poles
honestly I need one-way ticket to one of
the poles and I need knowledge public
number three 70% of earth's surface is
covered in water which means one thing
one thing only under da sea or under da
sea under da sea number four every year
possibly 40,000 tons of cosmic dust
falls from the atmosphere onto the earth
literally Stardust that's right little
Emma Stone little flying on wings is
falling onto the earth number five we
only floor 5% of the Earth's ocean can
we don't think only 5% we've explored
god knows what else is up in those
oceans probably all that common sense
that's missing from humanity so if you
think what on earth is so fascinating
it's fascinating and what's fascinating
human beings and we should act like it
could yo our you know
not anymore could you just learn five
new things boom why do I do stupid
things why I try and screw this to get
more light and frickin fell and broke my
leg no no good I may or may not have
just broke my yellow lamp and and crying
tears of pain ah where did you get it
from I wanna order another one
well good news is I did my eyebrows and
now I look like a human again if you
don't remember before after very
different I read is the vibes vibes mad
cash vibe we go Lily's note to self when
you come home possibly drunk because of
cereal memory cells do not think this is
yellow confetti is this glass you're not
cleared up drunk Lily
I'm sending by Balu the future do not
harm yourself in case you're drunk let's
go wow I am impressed at Dajjal training
on your days on point the cutest human
ever Sakura Tumen ever don't be shaken
why you guys scared be cold if you need
bubble beam harness grab one goal this
is going down going back okay cupcake go
okay go know how much you learned right
now
I am going are so nice to see it was so
nice to see everyone and show I left
early because I have to write a script
for my shoot tomorrow and on Saturday
and salaries turn abut responsibilities
to turn up that yellow confetti hold on
JJ oh I am self-destructive today not as
I made six crew earrings I just dropped
one and I don't know where it went and
was looking in my drawer I drop it here
and can't find it someone the car for
something and I'm just destroying
everything in sight
I don't know throng with me I'm gonna be
mourning for next week's goodbye
hahahahaha I'm the best okay it's 2:13
a.m. I just fished my video script for
tomorrow when I was about 10 who's
coming at 10:30
Chingy but it was also the Superbowl and
I'm just like what are the Superbowl
what are the suit is that like a ship
named for me and a bowl dating dad jokes
per day so dude I'm here all night JK
I'm gonna sleep now
but yeah tomorrow I have a shoe and then
at Super Bowl 7s fitting as well so
that's what's going on but until then
let's go sit on the one let's go sit on
the washroom let's go sit on the toilet
also no big deal but I mean we toast I
was we fill Cup champion and I want
one and that's a penny things right now
but I'm going to beg more anyways well
looking grow so I'm glad it was like
breathe damn are you okay so okay thank
you for joining in today kind of hang
with some cool friends organized and
jewelry design amazing it's okay
don't remind the checklist I will align
and check the lesson will calls a day
alright K in Dell tomorrow well who if
you like it's good did you like it
subscribe we are gathered here today to
remember mr. sons OOTD we gather here
today to remember one of the Simpsons
relatives will gather here today to
remember bananas that are yellow
something humble would not know where
gather today to remember this lamp I've
had for two weeks alrighty
