well Rock mother good morning good
morning the time is 11 a.m. I woke up at
8 a.m. now and asked for my call because
I was dealing with emergency chaos I'm
not going to get much into but just know
I've had a stressful upsetting morning
related to work stuff I just had two
calls I had one that were some
introduced to the UK and then I just had
one in relation to something else Kyle
knows I'm having a bad day look what
they bought me walk into my room and
said I know you're having a rough
morning here are some flowers yeah he's
my bang that is why he's my boyfriend
like that nothing to replace true real
considerate friends frigging love them
for good no I can ignore I don't want to
say we're ignore it's okay to be a sense
ok to feel your emotions if you're
stressed you should feel it you should
feel everything but then also work
towards a positive conclusion so I'm
feeling the pain my little watery as a
love set but stop talking about it cuz
cancer the details about it but I'm now
going to try to accept move on and have
a productive day I am post-production
finger should we go to Newsday we are
going to do a contour you did it do
another call for you did it read an
entire movie script about to do it go to
a meeting about that trip go to GG
screening sign for me check my emails
about more important everything be
positive did I go okie-dokie I just
finished reading that script it took me
about an hour and a half and now I have
a little bit of time what an hour I'm
gonna kidnap because I got like three
hours of sleep last night I woke it up
at the crack of dawn with chaos I'm
gonna take a nap when I wake up only
good things are gonna happen right day
right right pictures together okay I am
a walker on the walking dead right now
I'm Jon Snow when he got stabbed
I am Ned Stark when he got that bad
thing happened to him in case you don't
know talking about Kate get your
priorities straight
I am Sleeping Beauty when to the sleep
I'm so tired but I just had a call and I
asked to go to a meeting I said leave my
five minutes I'm gonna probably not go
like this although well you notice gave
stop pause pause pause
this one is Rupert starting to wake up
and I need to feel better here is no I'm
so tired and why I'm not like myself and
I feel I'm upset about crappy day I've
had so far by you just stop doing that
okay to be upset but it's not okay to be
unproductive when I need to be
productive because there's meetings that
have to happen not I want to go in there
with an energy that's negative I want to
be like okay if I have to happen you'll
address that but let's go to me what's
possible but let's make a list of things
I'm grateful for you ready my job is
friggin awesome
I can do what I love every day I go to
meeting I live in a beautiful city
that's always sunny I have a car that I
can dry eat food I have I don't have a
comfortable bed I have great people
working with me I like this yellow lamp
it makes me very happy as well look at
this plate what would beyonc√© do that
makes me very happy as well have a
closet full of clothes too from over
downstairs I get a delicious beverage
and I'm a drink of refreshing beverage I
Drive to my meeting you know those and
some good music that the abilities do
that so it's not as bad as I think and
thus we're go to meeting positive energy
pickup CSAR here let's change my life
wind chill tripod let go live it up make
sure and all friggin love and voice love
is new song from Chile game I'm almost
at my meeting actually exciting to share
with you to vote on Spotify services a
little shaky right now so I figure it
out but my birthday was last week and I
didn't get her a gift because flight is
so hard to shop for she has everything
so like all right let me take the more
thoughtful route I wrote her a rap song
it's really silly and it's really funny
but that's the secret thing I've been
mean to record every day then just was
struggling to find time joob I did it
last night
I'm a boy oddly Durrani fixed it up and
now we start or after meeting so we're
you just like a birthday gift today I'll
rap song let go look who it is
you look really good I don't it's this
test log computer screen giving me some
real I said I love you like that
lighting bill it's really good for
selfies I look like Friday you look
great you look like a solid responsible
fuses should I see nothing else a solid
Tuesday your TV and I told it up her
birthday I made her something what do
you think it is perfect I like a
birthday card
but they loo past the actual date is
also minor detail I wish are like 9 p.m.
on a birthday cuz I forgot so
but then I thought maybe it's going to
be cake oh hell no well like Leslie real
cupcake because you're not going to make
a cake yeah okay true better my birthday
party came and we blew past us okay I'm
fully stuffed but we're a Tesla we're
connected to the Wi-Fi on the computer
so I hope I don't cry I'm so nervous
ah basically good when I say I was
making or something slices you're making
a video and I'm like God just make a
video no I didn't make you a video but I
did write you a song I wrote you a song
oh my gosh because I figured you have
everything and nothing I can buy will
ever you you just are too fabulous for
me to ever buy anything so like when we
take the route of using time something
that's very minimal in life it's called
it's like because I know you like
however wrapped on what is some white
people fish no happy birthdays like yeah
oh do you think we could upload that and
then do you think creative ways will
finally notice me I kind of want listen
to it in the car although I god this is
so funny
this is so good it makes me what so much
of music career we need to do that
anyway II mean I mean my dance I glad
she liked it that turned my whole day
around effort putting effort into things
it is cold let's go home get ready and
go to GG screen sometimes the screening
of gigi's this is everything I'm so
excited to see it but I'm waiting for
the Blue Book New York that took forever
for her to understand so we can you
rewind the flash that's almost failed
attempts of not apply goes I think
thinking that's how the transition work
going with me I go humble humble
wait go back go back one don't want more
you're in the frame no can now come no
no no that's not if you like this you
didn't like my job come into the clinic
how many are that took forever for her
to understand ready yes
it's a lot about my horrendous very I'm
sorry I'm to reporters we're going to
make it better the better part one just
you'd better have pop look she's very
smiling this woman right here is a queen
and her documentary is so good and her
dad is amazing and I'm it biggest fan
not a great favorite person yeah even
obvious if you look stunning
we're seriously hired her but even if we
don't YouTube red on Wednesday her
documentary comes out you have to see it
called this is everything is dope and I
got this sick baby
we some free stuff why isn't it this
button cuz I'm gonna make sure yeah
isn't that usually this fun no you use
this one too oh I know I know the focus
what demand tell me what's happened
visit with it yeah it is in person
central my heroine what a video
references this is nice oh I just like
four times
why is it you lose when not I cook
dinner so now to eat no vegetables ever
carrots but not you know you being here
but I see are trying to sell before you
a continent I don't have a my life
carrot does this super good work
can I ask you a few questions okay did
you have to ask them how long have you
known Louie for years how long are there
pretty long well color are I'm hazel oh
I'll take that I was like sounds like
that was a secret Alex yes she recycles
really well
okay God like that as well what's your
favorite video please who the dance team
on from like 1995 long Olympic song girl
if it's wrong to check it out anyone of
you let's go to bed favorite thing about
really quick quick he eats me I'm glad
that's what it is
okay least favorite thing going she
doesn't know much how I saw how doctors
lose everything always smell my smack me
make me try your weird food like that
means thankful that hip what's your
favorite board game Clue where's your
favorite movie this is that it's really
what's the free would be found I can't
say which hair food wanna say something
in Portuguese I love bubbles oh haha
hey whatever I was joking one Portuguese
yeah
ah superwoman great to the enzyme you're
not going to do my enzyme Ericsson packs
a day for day for shame I don't know how
to do I'm not gonna pretend I'm sorry
molar and mobile all our marioneta night
let's stop and just watch two ups with a
black mirror I'm trying to see where I
watch something every night I saw this
before I'm trying to even try to do like
a 10:00 p.m. every night when I watch
something because so many of my script
ideas are inspired by things i watch the
first episode was great the second one I
was like significantly worse but every
disability shows when we keep washing
and give another chance really cool each
episode is like a different story so
it's not like you won't get obsessed
with it because there's no drew line
just followed i'ma go to bed it's not
even that late according to Lilly
Standard Time it is 149 149 am i guess a
great way to read i'ma go to bed I could
just sleep in tomorrow which is so month
acquired because the hot midday I had
today but tomorrow I'm going to memories
house and I'm offering another brainer I
pop even thinking I'll just do the two
braids her yeah I mean that's the toilet
that's thank you for joining here today
has such a great time watching Jesus
film also just really dressed available
when meeting of course as you know the
story I have this kind of like vague bad
day that I'm going to tell you any of
the details about that because I I don't
want to be when those you love logs and
those people under the bus and talks
about dramatic things and makes that
with the vlogs but of course I have
conflict in my life of course things my
job you always good plan of course
things happen but I'm not I just don't
feel right being in my blog to a public
audience talking about situation but
involve other people cuz I'm not rid of
them so I hope you can respect that I
hope you know I've had a bad day
tomorrow we're going to make sure it's a
good day and by this happening that's
okay
such as life but in tell them out
thinking us as business cookbook if you
liked it subscribe did you like it
subscribe so in a month my parents and
my sister and our my whole family to
come visit the house and I have nothing
so from this point off the next like 30
so days I need to like buy a sofa buy
some beds buy some chairs by dining
table buy some fish not invite some rugs
buy some linens non towels not hamhead
towels but everything else
