we are gathered here today to say
goodbye to my sleep schedule good
afternoon the time is 1:30 and I just
got a best but I've also played a little
while but I have fallen asleep in there
doing work and been falling asleep not
great not a great habit I want to start
getting up like single-digit but like
the earlier version of that like you
know 9 at least 10 I don't know what to
do because I sleep so late every day as
people like 4 or 5 of the time I fall
asleep even after end the vlog I lie
down in bed try to see they're like this
video idea they'll pull my phone and
start doing it I'll go back sleep of it
this email and I'll do I'm just I have a
problem so I need to like fix my sleep
schedules on that but beyond that hello
it's Thursday it's gonna be a wonderful
day because today I don't have much to
do actually in terms of deadlines both
brushing fingers release my video which
by the way is already done I have a
meeting
bottom girl of stuff I got good idea I
get a whole bunch of stuff for my house
after read a script they for sure enough
record that secret something that I keep
saying I'm going to do but I haven't
done yet and sign some fish which I
didn't sign anything yesterday but it's
ok because maybe now my hand is like
reborn and can do even more
that's what we gotta do today but first
and foremost let's make some breakfast
100% walked into this - Ernie
checked just want to point down this
lesson and I have and for the extent to
house the lack it gull which is not very
black it's still perfect to me this is
all perfect banana so yellow unripe and
wonderful this is the last one this is a
scientific evidence that's about as I
buy are actually better than one tumble
bite and it's possible feared not to
mention reason as we begin a long time
ago
sambal has a irrational fear of yellow
bananas and I don't understand it I
understand is all proof proof is in the
pudding or in the banana things here's
the thing right I feel like I'm very
creative person and sometimes I'm trying
to be creative there's other things that
like get away like legalities and
gravity and all these things that I'm
just like I want to be creative I know
you don't know I'm talking about cuz I'm
being very vague but here's the thing
when you're talking about art you just
need to focus on the yarn sometimes and
no one saying this make sense what long
story short to snow behind the scenes so
often in my life at the deal with
legalities and things I'm just like let
me make my art let me just do the things
that I'm going to do and like with books
and videos you guys would be so
surprised to learn all the visa car
deals and that was totally worth it cuz
I love doing it as part of the business
game and again I'm gonna do it
I want to share with you and especially
do the cool thing like you left hand
signal wall so this is the key goal is
to not worry don't worry because
everything's gonna be I and I'm gonna
end this about these three t-shirts from
Target and I wear them everyday because
they're long t-shirts I got one white
one gray one black yo mother if I hit
the bullseye speak of the devil yeah
happy be how UUP okay bye and some work
cuz I can't reach the screen put this
new yellow really high
okay great that high five makes up for
the one I didn't give you yesterday true
can we see a replay from yesterday when
I activated Kyle I raised in a video
having a great time really good at work
and my boss hated me she had everyone
but me feeling
what could make you feel better
I'm uh I'm uh I'm uh I know I'm not I'm
on I'm on Huck Huck Huck Finn you King
Finn you're putting in that work right
now go imagine is happening the grand
jury and Clara's great the great also
the G or a wire a why is that a
canadian-american thing I think it is
what do you spell g r ey g ra wait a
multiple one
hold up Google no I was right there two
different versions laughs mark anyway I
worked on not an underlayment sign
summation 1 to the right gia but we
would try to go to keep like weeks like
your soap bars like 30 40 minutes away
and so every time we have to get around
with the girls is on the con now god
damn it I just wish it was near to
second where I spent all my time because
if we don't go now we don't spend an
hour that give us through an hour and
IKEA don't be ridiculous
here at least like seven hours minimum
minimum in an idea that's just Google
but we're going a lot of work central
did you when she idolizes you in message
me what is he
also though the right hands yeah yeah
what about itself but I like that
expressing we do a rewind and
slow-motion expression the expression of
friendship hmm
that sound worse though we got vegan
salami that vegan baloney we have vegan
chicken something that shit yes Phillip
green pepper hummus got support lay mail
we got I mustard that's great my cheese
more importantly that loves cream super
I just finished something off my to-do
list and I've been procrastinating on
for doing week that I just did it I feel
so glad we celebrate
and I thought he would find himself yeah
let's do a fucking room get information
for rotation I said that slow but you
guys know all right that time the
nitrite gets things done if I go to
sleep you ready let's keep going
so 1209 and I wanted to be sleeping by
12:00 but there's a thing I've been
putting off that I got record I'm just
going to myself in the Facebook eat and
then I'm just gonna do it I'm just going
to sense time do it cuz I will regret it
if I don't I've been putting it off with
you long so knock your bed yet
of course I mean I go you ready lolly
you ready all right let's do this all
right done that's it much longer than I
expected and it was very difficult to do
I can't tell you what it is I'll tell
you what it is tomorrow probably when's
the day after then I can show you what
it is the 218 I am I have a call at 9:30
so I'm gonna go to the toilet then go to
bed but I'm really proud were super
productive day it's almost everything if
not everything and more I was on my list
cool good diet awkwardly are you maybe
eat some brain food here are five random
facts about burp number what words are
just a bunch of swallow air you may not
notice what you swallow air all the time
it's like number two most people work
between 6 to 20 times a day set one to
number three in some culture the burping
after a meal is considered a compliment
to the chef known before the longest
burp ever recorded was one minute and 13
seconds long
number five chickens a camper suicide
for them please ask me to because I
really wish I could but I guess I won't
not anymore because you just learned
five new things boom take - Joanna stop
hey thank you for joining me on today a
very super month and super double date
high-fiving myself like I saw the slap
whatever you know what I mean tomorrow
is a very super busy day I have two
calls to meeting the things I got a read
an entire script before on the meeting
and that I'm also going to the screening
of using these laws of supersanic and we
see it going to be requiring a lot of
energy so I should probably go to sleep
early not closer into you're finally
going five hours over with me that Intel
smell you live it up look if you like it
subscribe if you like it so good you
want to check on my main channel videos
all of my last vlog the links are right
there those links work on your phone as
well so go ahead and click on my check
them up
I'm not gonna lie I love my main channel
video I die every time the hangar seen
happen I'm literally dying when I'm just
like wow it's like I feel my finest
moments from anybody I've ever done so
good online check it out if you want or
whatever
