yeah okay 3:30 I'll give us a good
afternoon I woke up at like 1:30 I
literally laid in bed for two more hours
recovering from the chaos of signing 200
few slaps at 200 rewind pre-2000 cheese
I deserve to sleep and it's all those
Sunday rejuvenation Sunday which is
rejuvenation cause a lot of work things
that I do today
post-production fingers record my video
write and record my video for tomorrow
scientist Alvin cheese record something
else that's a secret annex any Italians
label a bunch of things that I need to
label right in the lab I'll post on
Facebook all these things are gonna
happen - we have a productive day
try to relax a little bit although I did
sleep in some kind of relaxing but first
somebody some breakfast a whole
breakfast and we're trying to make the
shake humble makes the only shake I know
how to make you but let's see if we can
upset honestly bless up humble thank you
for introducing these movies coming to
the so damn good I actually really like
doing this so easy to make
all right I'm on maybe take a shower
first maybe she can pop I don't know
your pop adventure that makes more sense
I guess and get to work I have a such a
weird array of things to do today with
somehow some personal some work and like
I know this is my way of procrastinating
through the video that I need to do but
I need to figure out like a order to do
things to go in order to do things is
nap on it was math on that list on
reflect back knowing we're not are
where's more fruit in cheese also get
this we can get to situations and knots
coming over because we decided that
today we're going to like do
pile work pile work and not judge you a
whole pile at one time so not as like
yeah cool can I see printer I was like
alright cool piece s medieval right hey
can you princess er me now old it's 92
pages and I'm like oh sure Oh sweetie
you just convinced me of like 92 pages I
feel like okay let's go into this
business it is a sense of things I
realize you would say I get it I really
doesn't think you didn't happen you
currently with m---eleven stables
apparently I'm an office depot all four
districts I said nothing
why I did it anyone else asking for 90
freedom excuse me not your babe you do
this
come on now you look cool today Kyle's
mom and and are coming over and I'm
cleaning up the place because I wanted
to be impress another Kyle works in safe
environments so putting when a chainsaw
in the mace and that and all that stuff
so it's clean how to clean up when
you're an adult to delay the big hog
battles symmetrically this used to be
twenty six twenty five I was there
because I won I won that game idiot box
why don't we we already go to the no 11
we do until 21 like volleyball so anyone
like this was it win by two and we were
just like so oblivious the best game of
all time
yeah okay with your daily doses fruit
and hi ready so it's rotation rotation
okay I'm not very worried about not I
could you need constant supervision
one mile down boom teamwork makes the
dream work Nick walks into my house no
warning you're the promise everyone has
a key to my house Watson a warning what
if I was naked robbing these flowers
which by the way are not great
oh that's crazy it's going to implode
watches I mean this so pretty it's a
nice gesture yeah pretty well the people
watching the vlog know that you recycle
these flowers game is being measured but
my master bedroom we okay this is 100%
because you know what I deal with some
writing right at all
oh I get a minute attention Odyssey when
you lucky you got that they had a see
see so I'm grateful I'm grateful these
mothers and basics have never had pizza
non before and I'm about to change that
like boom please turn on bars not have
had no vegetables indices it's a good
compromise
Oh
kidding me what the time is almost
midnight
we are both like shots because we woke
up so late she was also late I will do
as well I have someone working so I've
in my big enough recording I was on half
of the box you know a lot of work to do
so and we're basically just waking up
right now shown begin to switch my video
is Sunday you know I tried to pull one
of those like nautical sounds to
tomorrow like whatever that did it I
caught myself of it no this is
repetition of patterns you don't do that
I'm gonna learn whether it's in G thang
khuu you Alexander
no I read that now doesn't understand
50% of what I say when I'm excited how I
do they talked which is no idea why I NT
super WT to do for tonight this is
material say of give me water man
opening in it I'll say shut up
supporting you very kind of woke up yeah
but it is not what I gotta say hello
because we sat there at every visit for
a second wind and you conquer this last
pile and then we are done the UK
territories it was India destroyed all
those places you know song it's sick by
the way
Wow new territory currently five boxes I
think that alone with 10,000 reduce a
territory and now I have four boxes
laughing and ruling tomorrow for the
rest of the world
oh my god my hand is broken and there is
no nois fascinates me how we use Google
so often like I probably say the word
Google ten times a day because I ain't
have another I thing I'm like I'll
google it Google that donum song google
it Donald word Google another definition
google it I know what that means it's
time to eat some brain food
here are five random facts about Google
or more like little tricks you can do a
google number one did you know you could
use Google as a timer if in the search
bar you type set timer for five minutes
it'll start a timer for you that you can
reset and alert beeping when you hit
zero test functionality number two if
you consume a search bar do a barrel
roll your screen will actually do a roll
right right now try it always number
three
board at work all those fun sites block
me and naughty person don't worry
because if you go to google.com slash
pac-man you can actually play a game of
pac-man on Google logo number four
finishes pac-man you more bored no
problem
type into the Google search Atari
breakout and click on images you'll be
able to play a game of Atari with the
search result number five definitely not
pronounces but if you type in Zerg rush
its from from space something dead crg
rush your screen will get attacked by
little thingamabob Rosetta tag I don't
know some spacecraft I don't know no
revival go time right now if you don't
believe me Arnim or no I don't know not
anymore because you just learn five
random play the back hurts so much from
saying those things like gonna go to
sleep and sleep so damn well I can't
pretend white buffers listen on the
toilet awkward
five I am prepared myself for signing
all those entities and to record my
video but tinier watches today a few
hours and videos going to come out for
super Monday Monday to Sunday today is
Monday yes okay that's Sunday Monday
that's how it works right it is called
best friend
we've all had I think you'll like and I
hope you like it it's a pure red because
I want to once in a while to do pure
rams and not do something like that no
they can maintain get some variety do
the thing so make sure you check that
out the link in description thanks for
joining me on today I kind of don't
remember what I did today
really I don't smart one but IKEA I'm
very excited about it I can't wait for
you to come with me because IQ is just
my own person maybe not well if you like
it too good
do you like it subscribe click cooking
good-looking you are channel my life
start the links right of their main
channel links run as I click the link
they were going to forward everything
I'm washing my face out of washing my
face every night by the way so I don't
get why these pimples here I show what I
do wash my face every day
I have flawless skin and the six-pack
just because we go responsible chump
