no you're still in the same clothes as
yesterday just kidding it's me weapon
wrappers all day every day whatever
everyone good morning it is 11:45 I
slept in a little bit but not that much
for the ones better like boorish and we
know that's not 10 hours and sleep is it
9 10 oh no it's not no it's not it same
clothes it's a gay no god it's good like
a bed but today is an important day a
special day a nerve-wrecking day because
i am heading over to poppy salon because
he is going to wait for dramatic effects
dye my hair no not as colors don't freak
out if i wanted to get high right but
there's a reason I'm not but he's adding
some you know I'm not even sure what do
you think Oh a little pop by and burger
up by the way we going today we're doing
a conditioning treatment on you we're
going to take care of your son Johnny
man bring that subside conditioning
cubed
there you have it what we're doing added
some shine something died something
that's happening let's go get it touch
bulb conditioning treatment died tomato
tomahto
right I know nothing why possibly the
best I'm sitting here boom papi had soup
always delivered to me I'm in heaven
this is the best day of my goddamn life
the processing happened something my
life best say hub the first for me
popping an extreme first a Meyer for
your my first dress you relationship is
built on loyalty and respect and film
Beyond which was awesome laughing what
is it called again she got laid bossy is
the best my heavy-looking even shiny and
give me a break we switch it up this
time said to done for and saying that I
feel it fresh so I have this new thing
where I told Buffy used to come over
every week in grade manner because I'm
so much more functional with my hair
braided I like get more work done I'm a
happier person so it's like more braid
ups all the time live design kings lego
home just posted about this what sells
they need to say it again so the
protests happening at JFK Terminal
forward to the terminal we left from
yesterday's will be the protest for 24
hours but above all of that I think it's
so dope and it continuously makes you so
proud that my fellow humans are using
their voice to stand up against things
that are F in black on that Noah and
it's also some Instagram saying you know
Trudeau basically stop Sweden Trudeau
being Prime Minister Canada me being
Canadian me feeling very proud if you
think welcome to Canada all people who
are trying to escape war or anything
like that you're more than welcome to
Canada and it was like elbow that makes
you so proud that would be selfish is
become so practically and because I'm
also so proud of the Americans that are
in their country right now and
protesting peacefully and making their
voices heard now is the time to fight
against racism and fight against sexism
and make your voices heard
I'm so damn proud of humanity right now
film game alright I took a shower I got
here ready for it is swiped birthday
party today and I got forgetting ready
two and a half hours I'm gonna work I
burped worst birth of a rapper zing and
Mulan money but I'm work for two and a
half hours get some issues done clean up
this hot mess situation label savage
emails image and also harder than ever
before let go you ready
what's cookin good-lookin I just got a
lot of work done I'm very happy for our
progress when I make something to eat
many already precise walk into that well
we're ready for its wife's birthday I
know what I can eat I only have like 20
minutes eat and everything that a cook
takes like seven hours so I
I guess I didn't take seven hours
JK I missed a party it took three hours
yes getting something we talked about no
no you never see me wear this shirt is
first anything wear these shoes but you
nursing weather shirt mad tomboy lives
one I love the hair braid not do them a
Polish mountaineering
bumper to unpack my jewelry so I can't
find it I put my little spike right here
whatever available so much for you
Sookie is my color
no no family members years later my much
part is my birthday and I'm not dreaming
to be driving and ask them was worth
trying at home so I have now taken to
fake stuff you did not talk to the
bartender my honestly knows how much to
get lunch over me and when if using horn
water and laughing I was like with the
dishwater how to avoid peer pressure's
districted I know you did a real wonders
about I was in you know getting home I
couldn't turn off okay too late but
there of course on the circle I have to
go home right now and sign 2000 sheets I
think I'm not going to come over because
I can't possibly do so myself and I need
someone tells me the window open this
would think a car door opens I'm
stepping right it lets go one this is
one pile of his for beating the boss mm
we're done one file and now we're no
grocery shopping you like desperately
need groceries I've nothing I made a
list and a go before it closed at 2 a.m.
then we come back in two more piles
right 4,000 bucks
okay mm babe cool I'm stinky Willie are
you going to go sit over in your PJs I
have a question of course I am you don't
carry I'm not okay with it though okay
game can be the last person ever present
she's like I'm on board
come on what do you even said anything
about it brings up yeah I would have
never said anything that's correct
we can finally pick yellow bananas not
us with that fumble here to distract us
because of hobo was here you'd be like
let's get these women okay are you
writing to this not a book this not I
used that so and cook this protein and
the house is not on fire and you did
knock out herself
yeah oh my my name will be funny
okay please I need is so painful in art
ah I guess do it ha ha ha I think that
Wilma Paulo for today humankind he's
gonna come reaching out boys
mm thank you nada he has the mm more
tomorrow but I didn't think I'd get done
today
fun fact my hand is somehow taking on
the properties of the paper the side of
my hand is shiny like the paper see that
my skin has come off from siding or the
shine of the paper is like her islands
you can see selects the edge of my hand
is shiny like the paper now I'm becoming
one with the paper and I wanted to give
up for not encouraging me I thought I
was too dirty
it's like I am this foggy I mean
sometimes it exactly it is 459 whoo-hoo
we did it
good stuff relay on forum starts at 5
a.m. I don't care I'm going to do this
oh your is everything was invoke in such
a a difficult process for justice
my soul is it every part of this book
the audiobook to signing the writing of
the book is just taken so much of my
soul so when you read this book girl is
the Eifel please note of Italy my soul
and it has been so hard but so worth it
we are running pre-orders I think
without commas where you can do it is al
almost everyone link in the description
I'm going to do that if you're down and
it's not a school - but my hand is
broken book is good this is that and the
sign copies will be like you'll hear
more about WLAN certain bookstores nyasa
i'ma go to bed and sleep the F in
tomorrow I'll record my video tomorrow
Sunday and I'm assigned 2,000 more pages
for now when knock out have some sweet
dreams and snuggle up my pillow ready
airman out to Colin
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
every day I pull these clothes and then
I wear them and I told them and then I
put them here and then they pull them
again and think that I'm not going to
st. they will do the same thing also
apparently I'm part of the army because
I into my aesthetic I don't even I'm so
damned hardware but good bye
