6:30 a.m. I'm not completely been good
morning I did a good thing sleeping
early because I'm tired but I'm not like
anyway Rimmer I'm just like I'm not
we're just so much I don't like this you
know really cool cloud for my hair and
makeup done cat who's here in the
morning holding it down your room laughs
I want your room to give a charger is
Alaskan condition Alaskan conditions the
happiness let's go away I don't know
makeup look I love this Co lipstick so
like a professional and efficient your
device will come on throw a blazer on
top of this but got sweater those heels
from yesterday like you I'm a
professional you know sighs woke up it's
a part of my normal rotation invasion I
need normal rotation dad they said it
they don't know I'm sitting with yet
what they might know about the title
we're excited are you nervous I'm all
the other shoes I'm not I'm nervous I'm
excited this like a bucket list
as an item right here casually holding a
flower in your Valentine service 999
elevators she gave me with the last week
I say many faces that Udo that mute Oh
dad that you could be zooming on one of
you right now team super New York could
you could be could be
Bullock are these people working so hard
on things I don't know how to do this
I'm just sitting here like a huge jerk
being bossy like you high five
he was failure of a friend what was that
what did you do can we get an instant
replay slow-motion of that mm-hmm
I'm dead after all of that I can't tell
you why show I thought I could but we
were told I could wear can't nouns I'm
so sorry to do something but I don't
think you'll get the person it's just
like bucket list item though it's not
Beyonce and I'm like that was like
bucket list item in the really super
cool which I don't do it a lot of people
the opportunity to meet someone like
this and II go Priyanka killed my makeup
dog yeah so my coupons and you acted in
my makeup and killed initial I could put
the colors match writer should make up
we already we actually connect respect
you literally is so funny no one knows
that around
here's more on this I kill Tokyo she'll
just not to kids all what was that I
just like that it's over over heading
back to the airport - reply back to LA
and it's kind of in the middle of day
which I have sucks because the whole
flight is just my day let me get some
work done and wear your headphones and
hope we not get any makeup on them yes
she's going to do what you get known
what sign some shade I'm excited I don't
using any shortcuts because for you be
reasons or anyone else I feel I got this
before you baby that was like your
honest a all day every day my babies I
love you out of the both of us Kyle got
randomly search at the airport what a
time to be alive this lighting this
makeup I'm sorry I can see she did such
a good job on my leg up today so I'm
saying earlier is that anyone who look
remotely ethnic can say Kyle game and it
I love it it's good like India or like
if anyone's like any exact are taxi
drivers onto the hotel like closely
Kyle's and it's just hilarious to me
that they can't pronounce this will
Akhil Kelly Todd Koala is it anything
except for caller ID if I got hilarious
because usually it's like gun were
bottom G people mess up what Kyle I love
it so anytime you guys watch Kyle don't
come cause the kids tell you can you see
koalas
hello Connie quality look I love it get
it broken dick tell me do you enjoy
climbing on the room by Leslie when you
decide you got hit by a truck so just
gotta massage when you waste you can
sleep the whole entire place I don't
care a decision to come to some work
I've some work board headphones and
everything not the poet that was like
wide awake also over that bag your cost
Rodin would tell us how we walking off
the same and a flight attendant runs
after she's like did you guys have a
bank that's on the plane I was like how
did day two we forget about the bank on
the play and honestly summers hot mess
back in LA so I dunno one that was
pretty good for most other player loses
is the work done can be productive day
cannot wait I'll get the object it NVC
right here because I walked into the
place I'm like mother at first I didn't
tell someone them to take out the
garbage because every Thursday the
garbage goes up and I'm like humble when
some miracle way did you remember in
this guy I'm the only one who remembers
he put the garbage out on me or find it
I'm so damn proud of you m-v-p
right here you super next Thursday or
next Friday you comment you really
remember thing of the group I definitely
won't remember hold me accountable you
won't be here I'm believing for a little
bit oh my god everything's gonna fall
apart this popcorn is legit like three
weeks old
you roll bitterly bad what do we do it
is with his balls are recycling humble
oh we have to compress because my
family's getting full so it acts on you
guys to koala and I have been
compressing it yell at him
allow me to demonstrate no way no sir
bueno
feels good to be home after a boa either
hopefully redeems itself statement when
your friends is not a you receive
candles like this that's great my new
progress of only BP by 5 getting better
oh yeah I'm assigned to mess right now
let go 1000 down 1000 to go for today
the goal sisters all of them by Sunday
night Monday so I have 1000 words go
today killing the game you gotta kill in
that get ok don't break the markers how
many more 4000
I'll finish this tonight okay not a drop
an epic Bob holy crap I was like you
don't need to watch the grapes in the
bowl and she's like you know you can
just watch the whole Bay because the
vega's holes in it genius and so that's
why the bad guys all today we want to
join forces with you have represented
that source but I'm pretty sure we just
watch the whole bag and just about make
so much dance bed we just finished
watching the oh a humble your thoughts
Natsumi watched a couple episodes but
your thoughts
yeah very good definitely weird I'm
intrigued because the girls actresses so
but all the actors are really good but
it's super weird so I got besides about
but it's end of season two I would watch
it I watch it the actress is sick she's
dope and I'm not sure I think you rights
and producing the show as well which is
like wicked she wrote produced and
accident because that's many pimples I
know how to heal it that looked like a
trailer for the repurposing
this will humble BP by I getting my
brother's ding made progress being made
hey somebody common mm sign today
nineteen to the same thing tomorrow the
same thing with day after and possibly
the same thing the day after almost like
a beer though are you ready to do both
jobs
you can do it give me a little Oh a
movement all right not what's going away
potato
Bahama it's like look at you who's your
support
Oh Magic Mike threes right here bound to
go wow wow just yeah wait to find
actually but I want to ask you what
should the title of that segment be I
can further brain food so Commonwealth
I've asked this before but I didn't get
that many comments fertilization
students in the judge because Olivia
what should that say gonna be learning
with finally brain foods honestly really
creative let me know how below now we
can comment this time I don't know that
is still willing to fix my secret
history something I'm gonna go to bed
tomorrow I got stuff to do I'll tell you
learn tomorrow for record tell you who
had classes today really want to what
portion I could it but to Anjali's shiny
come up to cook if you like it's good
did you like this oh good it was stop it
if you have not done for when you can
pre-order my book triple-double using
both common link is in the description
it's pretty much almost everywhere in
the world if you go on to like this you
click it in the radio direct you did you
taste it you take it and then you're on
Amazon suddenly you know ships will
everywhere and stuff just check it out
alright
