karma has attacked yes but I just did
get that I just do I put it deposit down
on an office space we hustle harder
productivity lives here this is a really
big deal can we talk about it for a
second yes where it is you ready are you
ready are you ready my old apartment
remember the hydrogen one it's not the
lily pad it's not that say what is in
the same building it's not like
incredible going back to my origins I
probably in March we're gonna move to an
office space oh my god shoot video one
shoot video to choreograph for my dance
video go to my Inbox
there's a pool hi Tony you shaved you
looking like a goddamn snack out here
what's going on dough no it's fresh for
you okay okay I like how your face looks
right there
hey great right there yeah okay your
face looks clear okay gotcha
yeah so you know I love it all Tony one
video damn give me two points look at
this short videos kill the game one of
them's in 4k oh my God look at me
production value your boob is touching
my hand oh my boob is touching your head
not the other way around right yeah no
no no no karma has attacked I just burnt
myself with the curler broke and also
burned herself but the guy did uh-huh
your hair is this long Oh what actually
happened is she claims that she burned
herself with some salmon that's
splattered from a pan
card watch how to hide hickey hey we're
done video number two give me the point
that it's only 5:00 night is young yo I
just went over the next few days with my
team and almost throw up because Monday
particularly is gonna be so chaotic but
we got to do it cuz we should head on
seven so the 7th so much stuff to do
before that so we're putting ourselves
in a position where all my videos will
be shot excited cetera so it's a lot of
things thank God I have a dope team
I don't know who I think I am I think I
can't answer for so long because gals is
dying right now but I had choreographed
like 50% of it I'm due the next 30 %
tomorrow I'm just gonna freestyle
Salonga because I'm tired
already tired you know stamina how did
this happen y'all can I be like super
honest with you right now and just tell
you my feelings you my friends I'm kind
of really stressed I think it's showing
on my face for Monday so I died on
Monday I know today's Friday when you're
watching society but my Nadeau Monday go
down in the morning I have 80 yard for
Fahrenheit 451 right so doing like
vocals and stuff after that I have a
really big audition it's a callback and
I'm really nervous about it then after
that I get my hair and makeup done for a
little video shoot that I got to not
little something a long time after that
happy skin after that I'm sharing a
dance video I was like the same amount
of things doing today and I wouldn't be
as stressed if it was like a worker work
but the audition being there means I
have to be like a good mind space so the
whole day Jim say I am earning Trinidad
that's for damn sure
okay let's do something important for a
second something y'all have been
tweeting me about non-stop Lilly live
why do y'all been like Lilly live
is she alive where does that happen
here's the thing about Lilly library
this is a really complicated answer I
don't want to do it here's the thing I
really dislike live streaming on YouTube
I want to be honest with you look at the
amount that it stresses me out is not
healthy and never work it's always
technically complicated I always feel
like it's the same people watching which
doesn't bother me I love the same people
watching I feel like I have a good
connection with y'all but then it's like
I gotta come up with a theme and come up
with gas and it just if I'm really
honest it doesn't excite me as much as
creating other content because it ends
up being like the same questions or like
questions you know I ain't about to
answer people I'm not gonna throw under
the bus so it's like not really
fulfilling to me I know you guys be like
maybe I'll do it once in a while in 2018
but I'm definitely not gonna do it every
month I just I just don't really enjoy
it if I'm really really honest and then
I always have to do it in a time we're
like I try to calm a - all the time
zones that never works out and it's just
like a thing I promise I'll interact
with you in other ways as I do on
Twitter or the blog how the super stick
to the comments it's not that I don't
want to interact with you and engage
that's never the case it's just I don't
think it's fair for me and also don't
think it creates good content when I'm
like forcing myself to do something that
I really just think is not fun
I'm gonna have to pop some pimples and
put on a face mask let's see how did you
drink
nervous about is my dance video because
like when I say I'm doing a dance video
don't be expecting some mother-effing
like Matt Stephanie a d-trix level no
I'm just like dancing like in a very
simplistic way nothing too complicated I
just think it's cool and I like this
song and it's fun so I'm really nervous
think about what about dad's me and
people like okay who the f you think you
are have the fun is that okay if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe also I know the merch is sold
out the new Valentine's Day merch sold
out in 24 hours there were like we're
the first we're gonna restock it soon
like it's restocked I'll let you know
but I told y'all to get on the merch
y'all wait 24 hours is your fuck but
when I guess we stocked I'll let you
know so your chance is not gone don't
worry
