it's a poopy time in the morning it's
8:45 a.m. 15 minutes late but I'm sure
we have more than enough time because
they schedule 12 to my glamour notice
our 1/2 I know the way through the
tricks time to a photo shoot it's for
Toronto life magazines very handsome
cool yo Kyle's here or turning off on I
am so look who's here my babies are here
to make me pretty Paquita hey I see the
hey everything ladies I'm so early below
put here the numbers oh well oh wow oh
you got the new fashion that's tuka
listen we got poppy Harlow we got Ashley
oh look at that key my next too big for
mine oh we got one more creative and we
know a little hard a real estate agent I
hope sell your house okay so if you
don't remember this is actually where we
shot a tepee UI and this exact same sick
and I were changing to with number two
was number one with straight hair I
can't really function properly listed
right here because I don't know how to
move my body properly so now we've
gotten back to the curls I think my
fingers would be all fabulous and things
like that and that was him
my baby she's having a playdate with me
and humbles here and all good Bob you
got past but look good yeah they're so
pretty
you wonder you want to give us some tips
on how to be a good model if you are a
professional model named wanted I'm not
going to give you some ugly tip doing
that step number one lies the mind
okay so as the best part of a new
workplace is that she brings walk is
also correct term crystals crystals
Bravo
she knows we do the meet but he'll send
you people I'll tell you which ones ward
off negativity one is for so everyone
gets a spiritual cleanse every time
they're on a transcript so what is the
one that one's black tourmaline but it
has like a microscopic blue tourmaline
rind on it so the outer layer is below
the start with low tourmaline and it
Ward's off negativity and is terminally
insulted wearing on high vibration and
then like whoo ah
so we closely twosome sapote late and
the guys literally got every single bowl
long so then we just like pulling out
more sapote ways now we have a library
of Chipotle here every and I'll no hot
mess hot that's hot mess promise promise
promise we open the freezer and look
what we discovered from Alyssa know we
we discovered rotten crusty bananas
Ronna crusty bananas for making banana
bread apparently oh boy oh we're going
to enhance these bananas what we're
going to do right now are you so this is
a breeding of bananas with long range
great amid you you see it how do you
make bananas fresh he's Graham whatever
you feel we're currently renewing the
pan is wherever you have bananas renewed
the turn up is real right now we are
heading to a star J which is target of a
fancier because you say like that to get
a bunch of stuff can tell you watch the
secretive stuff and it will get some ice
cream why because we don't ever someone
wants to do and of all things
let's go to Target or that's what you're
the calling midget away goes not
qualities idea my late husband is
calling everyone from now on comm :
temple of your tumble tumble to home
bumbles love how quality not any time
you type is name the EE is an accent
quali may have a King Soopers lego star
J so quality holy over here it's so
bougie teacher so I simply it's called
little boy on the sauce I'll construct
and so I knew a semantic wali suggested
it would have a civil coming of quality
suggests something is going to be
bujji's won't you sleep winter flavors
and black olive and goat cheese ice
cream ice cream okay I'm a manager but
it was my day-to-day manager okay I seem
chunky cookie dough it is so so
see literally I just can't wear the
mother-effing in the ocean I want to see
on the fear the same thing they both are
yes away so smart babies okay
I just came out of the ocean it's not
that song I'm Nemo Lily it just has a
unsophisticated palate and I did with it
okay Tom and I both like myself only
sophisticated it's called normal
well you're like well and I call you
Simone like the salt of an ice cream and
I'm like you wonder baskin-robbins ice
was some basic mother F and cookie dough
the mint chocolate chip
keep amazing dez-mo over you have
roasted strawberry flavor how do I go to
ugochi the active are vegetarian were
like why because bacon bits I'm like
okay okay you never know why she was
bacon before those I would never eat it
I would never eat it but I've heard of
it it's okay we have other thing we
common we're still in love she still
finish the ice cream I did not forget
right there quality quantity calm down
okay jalapeno Pulaski please thank you
get you what a callback orange is the
callback I've gotten many calls I do
mean yeah and yes mostly good luck charm
for you to pull a today now called it oh
yeah such a dope day to enlist alone I
love that girl I love her I love her
she's the best you the best right she
just miraculous wonderful extraordinary
man magnificent now what we're doing is
a raven is are you ready very humble and
i are going to studio71 we're not our
works because at today at midnight it is
not a birthday and so what we're doing
is we are getting into our office
somehow this time right now it's like 9
p.m. we're going into office and we're
filling it with hundreds of balloon
what we're gonna do tomorrow morning on
her birthday morning which is welcome to
her office a bazillion balloons are
going to go down also I went into a ones
because anything like ample blow boom
balloon balloon blowing outfit boom
hello I'm an idiot because we got to the
auction and I don't have one type of
Blues many one dropped somewhere I think
it dropped in my garage I'm heading back
home we get started and I go pick up
stick it back booth I'm on wait
mother-effing you like oh look funniest
thing when I was reversing I fully stop
smells like what sounds out of my garage
floor wall book club you guys are great
job when I was away now we're going to
merge the Tesla guys a glass of egg and
I've got another bag of 72 we're gonna
fill this place up
let go just came back from studio 71
what's leave reference now we are at
Ralph's Maury for some cupcakes that we
had not a software early but the case is
back at the old school old school like
an old hood you have seen AE and we have
some cupcakes
just little boys oh yeah my one this is
the problem because I didn't realize
yeah yeah I guess I am completely
wearing a onesie in public and not I
didn't even occur to me at all I think
of enough
you learn a lot you really have what
they'd go for Indian being around I have
some in man we gotta please I'm gonna
teach you okay happy birthday to you
it's your birthday it's your birthday
it's your birthday boy very good long
life long a happy happy night otherwise
we are uncle that we can do anything
gotta figure the big boys gonna be like
yeah it would be really thank you later
yeah take you where end of that then you
can pull this down and just like but
also if you really allowed to you can
call that as a sleeping bag and sleep
well luckily those if you look totally
get out you're gonna get out wherever
you lie down close a lot of this team
you know if you'll up the middle
strapless leaving I haven't accepted all
could you the bed what one so tired like
150 Ansel to wash my hair grows tomorrow
because my grounds us at one I would
call at 9:30 and then I've interview at
10:00 in person
well I think I'm doing awake right now
so much you my makeup reflects cooking
on Twitter come on top when Lily who's
our last thank you for joining me on
today hope you had a wonderful day and
flour People's Choice Awards and komen
the PSAs
Mahato cymatics People's Choice or
chasing AIDS I'm going to grab something
to come with me Kyle and rainberge
humble are coming with me and with you
small intimate and we go so I can't wait
to do that but for now I'm going to beg
did a lot of clear in my ear from the
bitter side are
so I think water if you look like a
frumpy dangerous right now but that for
tomorrow or today look if you like it
was good
did you read it subscribe and was
putting on a hundred it right now second
yellow look and your whole years
old rockin yes there's a limit Anna's
doing you know where is Devon yellow guy
yellow black and yellow get something
but to something and some Duggan yellow
back in yellow back in you're a definite
something in the name is Daniela where's
Kelly but some clothes I'm done
