no you woke up at 12:30 good afternoon
okay so what happened let me explain I
set my alarm I do fall time I set my lab
for 11 not that early but I was like
what if we pretty late
wake up at 11 I turned off my alarm
clock so mother-effing fast like I
didn't give no type and I woke about
12:30 and I was like your morning with
us you notice I just come to terms that
I need more sleep than other people so
that was the whole let me calculate
seven hours or eight hours I need nine
hours of three nine or ten that's just a
minimum I need I'm a weird first and
that's just what my body requires imma
come to terms with it I'm accepted or
sleep a little bit earlier than
calculate nine or ten hours and I would
try for nine because the seven eight is
not working for me today is dedicated to
things one dedicating all of my energy
to signing those books F thousands out
to do some uh September hours and assign
me and then this evening I'm going to
dinner with Kunal so that's was clapping
let's get it started if I'm moving this
shake well humble humble did you
initiate I'm really just like us what
the hell out of it review is everything
is but you wake up run the other time
please okay so today so this is my
conclusion we're possessed from the
movie watches over last night because I
also he always liked it really so we're
for that those completed on my fault so
the falters of the go oh the print
cocaine in my shake
obviously often say with dog there you
go Lenny move thank you hi hello
tastes like AB what's the bad news new
so me know from when last night
not all goodbye
to anything why do I do anything the day
you must go on my cup one box down boom
cousin sister shower and piano mombatti
and stop on my feet then level Oh fun
fact about these disease because they
reach other well people like you claim
to be so cheap so you spend too much
money on disease honesty our when did
the shoot a game is whatever disease say
what you will say call me spoil come
wherever the point is that I would not
spend two months and grand on some
running shoes currently right now in my
life maybe in the future I become some
sort of billionaire and I'm like your to
want to give this to the government for
taxes well mister buy some shoes I don't
know or right now you think I spent
$2,000 on the shoes you all know me dog
that's a waste of money that's that's
clean water for village that's cool for
many Kenyan girls I ain't trying to
spend on much come on I mean don't get
me wrong I spend money on some things
you know I do I'm blessed enough to have
a nice car I have a nice house and all
that stuff these things are like for me
to like function not that I couldn't
function with a lesser car but like oh
my gosh to stop for gas and helping the
environment the house that accommodates
with my friends I think it's a month in
running I got nothing against you
like if I'm ready right now come now
this year I've decided a lot of my money
yes I'm spending on nice and for myself
here and there a lot my money going back
to the mother at some planet going back
to human going back to people who need
it because you know why feels more
important than some two thousand dollar
mothers and you these people being alive
god damn I'm not saying nobody nice
things I'm saying if you are fortunate
enough to have money you buy that if you
like our album check this for myself by
and icings with the rest of this I'm put
towards girl up I'll put towards sending
girls to school and put the towards
causes and awareness brings together
humanity that's not random will be easy
because every time I was easy if you'll
be commenting like all as you improve
money I did not pay for the easy spirit
first here right now I admitted I am NOT
trying to act like some all about drops
and on the video seems like use my
credit card does not orchestrated
orchestras cows just follow mother effin
surprises today because I got so much
homeboys like their science against an
you in the face right now Oh deleted all
your footage is two more boxes took a
break from breaking my hand waiting to
sign me cuz I'm gonna get a whole bunch
of stop next form here we go home for
nothing fingers
tripod that works at a non broken light
stand bag reflector camera bag all the
productions of you know why 2017
Roseanne Tellez appears what the hell
was that
presidential Bentley just kinda thought
well I came up here to buy a bag for my
cameras and our special K's on the side
like 60 70 bucks three hundred and sixty
dollars for a baby that's the cheapest
one what a setup ope these things like
this is why you shouldn't spend money on
you and Wayne telegin does elevators
clean it off you doing
okay so elevators stuck all the money
y'all make enough bags another tripod I
survived years also from tarjay 9999 39
maybe $39.99 I will go display to make
your heart wash your troubles
so more perfect our XY plus your dual
are you know collectively we would so
then I think it's corn dollars but I
just had a creative on the sole on
points conversation we had earlier well
things than where I have to because like
as a production they're going my
equipment I have now is not working
anymore that's preventing you from
making new videos I want to make
breaking $250 crap I won't pay right now
I'm not gonna eat the next week made
over there no I'm a saw all my clothes I
sorta god this is ridiculous I'm by
tonight or not I'm expecting nice to be
like you guys that we don't add before
you do let's do it
okay I work off marinated painful for a
big but big sigh quick cool cases a
mother ever caught up a teddy bear and
use this stuff in America damn bit ago
I'm baffled I'm baffled
alright everybody we're gonna impress
those for dinner from now on okay tripod
three of them this bag that cost my
entire life savings right here how could
a mother have been made let's be real
now I'm pressing your style at length no
more toothpaste okay just use Hansel
near me go get booty on me lighting on
your Facebook for enterprises right yeah
not Indian family see so far the remote
they never to the plastic off that's how
much this damn dick of Rebecca I need a
sticker on the closet baby on board to
protect my damn camera bag that's why
I'm on even rolling it right now this
you should never gonna touch the floor
never never I love this bag more than
you not you can careful careful
that's right okay that's good I want you
to protect the protective bag slowly
slowly with love guys enough for you
okay baby okay okay this is very not
knows okay it's fine you own when you
have good friends you get them to make a
commando system with you I think I so
happy about it
check it up not going to be talking
about in the real speed okay but here's
a sure well can we await in front of
like that time hey one thing you can I
could tell you about the lilies you
don't tell it what you can't do okay I
love you talking about ping pong there's
evidence when you get your copy about it
was handwritten and don't get twisted
because all these fools
you're like we should just do your
fingers are for you and I'm like nah I
offered to do it to write checks to
myself more so than helping with a
booklet yes it would have also helped
with the Bush discipline I don't know
that it there you go
yes got her DNA mad cash bag is already
in six seconds no eyeliner is basic
makeup
let go of some mozzarella sticks and I'm
so late let's go to the mozzarella
my belly is so full of pasta and
goodness and double cosmos that was
amazing he chopped gems everyone ever
never knows if you love them so damn
much I had so much good food weeks I
won't happen all for my resolution for
life and they all loved me not friggin
love her ticking love them both so much
but 10:35 i'ma find some more pain you
will have me sad more pages oh yeah get
some comfy clothes nice and patient over
the joint I got a pass to New York you
go to New York tomorrow by the way 17
hours I Taylor I know if I did play I am
broken I another broker there is so much
I'm going through hours
I'm alright I was to go haha thank you
so much very healthy humble cup my hands
they broke up right now time is 1:00
a.m. I gotta leave for the airport four
hours a five amps and I had to a bunch
of stuff still there got a mic set up to
record a voiceover I need to do for
tomorrow's video before I finish it off
I wash my hair gonna to just finished
packing I know I said I'm gonna wash my
hair but oh I lamp is falling a lot ah
when I start blogging why do I need to
answer something why wash my face any
more time it is I think it's like to
something maybe against the time is
guests guests come below times mmm it's
to 12 to 12 then wash my face ask my
hair here after you're not getting
Washington state about two minutes here
then go to sleep early to the airport at
5:00 a.m. for three hours we're going to
shoot a really fun class and I can tell
you go to it and stay tuned to surprised
I don't think any of you will guess it
but it's gonna be super someone's super
influential super super cool so very
excited about it but for now let's go
wash the face tell us absolutely yeah
I'll give you the five brand ambassador
to learn for what's today's number one
camera bags apparently are a bazillion
dollars apparently camera bag are made
of gold apparently when you see
leprechaun and it's a rainbow at the end
of the rainbow is a camera bag episode
we learned so no more you know thank you
for doing magic and very grateful to be
in a position to be able to purchase new
equipment to do better taking all my
candle with me in New York
but there which makes it a lot easier so
I'm very grateful as much as Iran for
every funny complain I'm very grateful
and thank you for giving me this
wonderful position team superhuman be my
babe hope you had a great thing by into
New York a few hours oh you know I'm not
the biggest fan of New York if I you go
from New York I love you but to say
yourself I don't think it likes me is
really cold and I should probably pack a
jacket so booger in my nose I think so
I'm not gonna look up inhale tomorrow so
coop if you like it subscribe if you
liked it subscribe you know every night
I do the team super handshape in myself
and I'm thinking to actually remember a
good seat poop still got it still
nothing you don't you know puddle it
this is what I call book for imma want
to do with all y'all what is that
happening
razor do tornado with available so those
authorities are
