yo we out here appear you can't stop me
now woke up this morning I slept until
12 but minor detail woke up this morning
this afternoon with it whatever whatever
and I was like today is going to be
productive but somebody gets to hurt a
little bit but yesterday I didn't beat
myself up about it I wasn't a productive
today I'm not going to a bad butter I'm
just going to change and we'll do better
today I have a shoot at 3:00 or 71 I'm
trying to shoot two videos for my
channel today other than that I'm just
prepping for those shoes doing those
shoes when I come home I'm trying to
maybe unpack more stress depending on
how I feel but we are going to be so
productive as you uterus I'm just
kidding a new kid I'm just kidding I
must say I'm Wesley to you let's do it
alright God both of my creative concepts
down and now I need to write the scripts
I have about an hour and 10 minutes
- that we should be good because I've
notes for them so we're killing the game
and I have to speak like this because my
camera is not raised because of how I
normally am what do you mean the
Zuckerberg favorite hey you can go ahead
and subscribe this alrighty finish both
of my scripts and now I popped some
Advil I'm gonna have a lie down because
I forgot push 30 minutes so much my
accurate reenactment of my organs right
now
okay we are headed to our shoot a studio
71 got my business attire on because you
know what's up the office type skin type
Dooley tiles over here rock and I can
use videos every day I love it I'm go
ahead when I forgot to shoot shooting
two videos one shoot where you're done
cool universe is hurting not mine
your uterus is hurted so so painful when
your periods are so synced oh yeah good
good I think why you ever do up your
legs but you do it here's my leg yeah
you do it why do you go forward like
that I'll Tierney oh that's the science
behind it but exactly like you did
what's your name buddy Matthew end all
right and no and no and we're going to
the sick videos me stick I thought you
sick oh my god so good yeah uh neck down
I think it seems like I was I just came
to work and had dudas look who it is
only use the previous clips local still
here on this up when you're destroying
this off is no big deal with full
permission so amazing broken it's not my
fault she signs off on everything video
proof the case you get fired you can be
my son mm I charlatans we could until
we're down to ten minutes on an outline
installation people don't believe me
when I say that but I have proof right
here that's correct with in the pudding
she being the pudding I like cutting
where's the portage gonna point though
is still like this alright one video
down second ready to go and this is
happening I love type of it all right so
that's four I need ten of them that is a
wrap napping fighting us in Vegas face
thank you movie bulk off tonight I still
heard you were the first one the second
one I got a city come together I'm not
quite sure
in my brain I was I mean I did the first
one I know the second wanting to
hopefully some post magic and not
influence it was very not influence when
you come from and hate is waiting
look at all naked and Zack
hi baby hi baby yeah baby oh you're here
too I guess and so humble what chink
Kingdom All My Children
All My Children cheese so we're food
soulmates explain they were asking
utilizes the or some food generally not
have some cereals I feel like those
going to get some food and you're going
to get executed real how mother person
it takes like so long to say a simple
sentence as my vlogs are so long my
vlogs are so long for this reason also
always see something wrong and makes up
this for not the hoarder this up Amazon
I don't know everyone not as humble my
live with the score he can't have this
have to be purchased money had to be
spent so you wouldn't cheat this is what
you've done it is the human full count
on not other get is good health I lost a
bit of this F sub movie called VHS and
that Jason's asleep in my room studio 71
produced it actually alright there's a
horrible
thank you freezes 41st fumble beat me by
five better I'm getting better though
getting better I like going to get a
confidence up a little bit he gnashes is
all time I got everything this was the
best game you guys play
thank you gotta chase I'm getting better
right yeah so anytime this instant
replay not on Yelp instant replay tape
does ah no you wait to eat some brain
food let's learn something new today's
topic jellyfish I am intrigued five
facts about jellyfish number one a group
of jellyfish is called a smack number
two some jellyfish are larger than
humans and others see as small as a
pinhead number three jellyfish don't
have brain my jellyfish number four
jellyfish can Chrome themselves meaning
if they get cut in half each of those
pieces can regenerate in two different
organisms okay wife I'm not a jellyfish
because that's literally my number one
hope and dream number five jellyfish are
made up of more than 95% water
that's like me except to Foley Fareed oh
not anymore because you just learned
five new things and now my best
impression of jellyfish
nailed it Jay hey chase hey guess what
did you know a little jellyfish is
called the smack now you know I know I
just told you really need to know look
at this closet so clean I could do
lunges in here oh that's nice I am so
cheap that I took my lipstick off with
this makeup wipe and I saved it but it's
the rest of my makeup off because I
don't want to waste another makeup why
I'm with you think of so much public
lewdness tomorrow kinda stop with LA I
just signed some more book papers very
productive day did two videos how to
shoot what else did I do in the morning
mor through a lot of maps with my
stomach was 37 so better now tomorrow we
gotta keep the entire day to signing
though she's got thousands left to do
from your boot tops when it start with a
conveyor belt situation product line
figure it out I'm all the way to dinner
with Kunal tomorrow after tomorrow highs
for today thank you for joining me I
hope you had a wonderful they just
remind you that if you want to preorder
my book you can everything book calm
tour dates coming soon come down to but
ahead ahead bang I'm never getting
wonderful day and I can't we send the
nails noon tomorrow
look if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
That awkward moment when I kind of want
to be a jellyfish yeah I did you know
who cut the tentacle off a jellyfish it
can still fit you that tentacle can
still sing you yeah imagine being a
relationship you walk in you see your
fellow jellyfish sitting with another
jellyfish you just kinda go off you're
like you'll live with that blood the
efflux to this
