well last night you promised yourself
today you would have the most productive
day ever and then you woke up my mother
nature's like Nessie good afternoon I
slept in is about twelve over with my
period so but back in feeling my stomach
is killing this is literally what the
inside of my ovaries looks like right
now yeah that's it regardless I'm gonna
try to make myself feel better I'm gonna
pop some Advil I'm going to throw some
ginger ale because I don't know science
tells me or my mom tells me that works
signs mom same drink I don't know and
then i'ma try to be productive but I
haven't seen a little bit easy because I
feel a little bit like crap but not
complaining more problem solving crime
solving is greater than complaining
let's go I'm sweating between my boobs I
do the most unattractive vlog ever yeah
I mean yeah it's a keno website whatever
adaboost wait you want a full swish up
so many boos I know let me see see you
have a third channel back month all of
you are age 18 and wouldn't ask them
don't show me your boobs because I don't
really suggest what the hell you say
your honor he doesn't understand our
relationship oh yes I am no traitor no
that's good okay well this is your
morning questionnaire you ready would
you rather have golf balls of nipples or
pineapple those butt cheeks
I think big nipple grossed me out so I
would say pineapples as much actually I
don't know actually
but my thought would be really firm it
was the pineapple right baby strike you
I mean I'm kind of hairy right humbles
like could you repeat the question
other other alternate pronunciations
motivation can use with innocence is it
almost thinking sense we go one up oh
okay he's up free ah we get to that
right after his nap huh I was in bed for
way longer than anticipated my stomach
is killing me
one of the things I hate most and I know
I'm like such an old person complain
about period something I've had for like
bazillion years now but I hate how
unproductive it makes me like my stomach
hurts I feel I just can't get work done
and it drives me crazy from it again
right now eat something and try to do
some work because I promise productive
day and I still want to do that so
dammit hi Kyle I'm Empyrean you what do
you think the period feels like you
clenched training right where I get
punched
yeah not what you think it is just
laughs always last all day did the
motion please all day what'd you do with
your hands not all day
that's what you think yeah for then
other things like what Catalonia J's
what do you think a period feels like um
like knives like going and like your
insides of this like with little coconut
because I described it feels like pretty
Decker's if you guys are period I didn't
uterus I feel like I'm okay with pain
but no I wouldn't tell anyone I would
just be like splitting SH entire time
yeah for sure
that's exactly what it's like you get
anxious I was anxious because I would I
would like internalize the pain and be
like just like worry about like I'm
gonna die or not I was like I didn't
contemplate dying that's pre accurate so
far I've been able to do a load of
laundry to eat our summers pain is so
constant is not going away and waiting
for Kyle to bring Advil so I'm just
eating popcorn streams in Darrell and
just trying to die that's what I'm
trying to do right now but I've asked
everyone else I need to ask humble
humble well you think it feels like to
have a period it feels like an extreme
unpleasantness probably nothing and how
we also agreed that both of the majors
is fairly having mental issues and
doesn't sound like it's wonderful at all
how you'd make a movie when I'm hungry
getting imagine as you would always
describe it as a nice cut that you come
mmm nice hello the guy it doesn't have a
uterus nor can connect with the pain
that you're going to I'll explain that I
need
like how can we best support you right
now just like leaving you alone what
should we do cookies okay humble made it
fresh pizza good Joanne Bihari yeah this
is my this is let's make me feel better
pizza I'm not even making a measuring
cup yeah humble uses a measuring cup to
make everything literally everything
this is the reflection of someone who's
had the most unproductive day ever
just watch the second episode of the Oh
a actually way better sex getting better
but we decide to pause because I'm going
to unpack themselves and be a little bit
productive because I'm going to complete
value right out so let's unpause some
boxes at some pop some box let some pop
some box unpack the way you say I'm pack
when your uterus is shedding let's
unpack some boxes here we go
thank you say it every time another
target
that's how friendships are made inform
bed last who in your Diner target our
gate where's the accent you should get
this anata think so it's what our height
all right cool you're shaking more
towels
with the accent on a tumble I got four
different charges on it I got hangers
you mean brawls is the old people frozen
fruit and meat and hangers what are
young people getting buggy freaking
chocolate bars friggin game ping pong
tables friggin yeah I'm not time when
got pinball table yes in our youth smack
in pretty specific alright I go home
karate to Hangul Obama clatter multiple
what to help me run away okay cool
progress progress mmm look at this I can
finally access this side of my closet
your dad's being here I said are these
girls here because I need to wait for my
closet here like renovated I filled up
all of these drawers
I feel productive now because that was
really hard and a lot of times work does
it along every time I still have to do
some script and creative work first I'm
gonna watch another episode awake I
promised the boys that would do that eat
something and then when I lay in bed
alright work on my scripts also my shoes
are like way in the evening tomorrow so
I don't stress too much powering through
the period cramps to be productive so I
didn't completely fail my goal will be
they have productive better than not
productive at all you know I mean little
by little step by step here we go
walking to the wall you can see that
what who you not me
alright so the Oh a car really learning
them lost me again in this episode was
like why has the cheese moments I don't
know have you watched a show called
Villa Maria das on it let me know what
favorite shows you're watching because I
know this so Mia right now I can only
pick X amount you know I have an
obsessive personality i watch the show
over every day I'm going to do some work
until I fall asleep in bed so happy
about my home kid as a hanger writers
put that away before it goes up up my
Boozer wall or in my eyeball so happy
about my closet let's go sit on the
toilet and chitchat do it how this might
have been born walk for you because I
get to complain and die all day long but
that's actually how I felt I don't want
to pretend like I felt something else I
don't want to blind you and be fake I
should be myself I would think so these
balls wiggle sometimes I get to chill
watching those people as well so this oh
goodness so funny that were trying to
compare myself with morons like other
people doing such cool things sometimes
sometimes I just sat at home and it to
work and complain what my periods and so
I don't know if you like that so but
this is who I actually have anyone alive
on it so thank you for joining me on my
best days and my worst days I hope your
day would love you help your uterus
especially you boys help your uterus a
little ball Trinity until tomorrow
she's not crap ball or clap if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
also those of you who were wondering the
transformation video from my office is
coming out metricated channel this week
so stay tuned for that because yes
you've seen my bedroom and you've seen
this in pieces of my office but her
transformation video for my office is
gonna come obviously stay tuned because
it is shakes you know move too much
uterus don't aim it 6
