look at this don't work it out join my
team you would be worth it so there's
been many other long hair struggle
videos on the internet and I'm
disregarding all of them because I feel
like I am the most qualified in the
guinness book of world records I have a
longest share in the world does my
videos more actor than anywhere else is
to show us thank you everybody fast
income I'm making the video that was and
I finally reach the point I'm making the
videos that make me feel spirits like
mama kisses nothin you can win sex
humbly neither really me no no I won't
look at you the door not to be any I saw
you trying so far by the back this is a
real strand of my hair that I got so
does go from here yeah oh yeah oh oh
three good how long's a vegetable no no
I I just decided really cool
I lived it shows them my own scent woman
waters not wrong no but I was wondering
on the problem I'm like a fairly token
what everyone still rolling
I know what is to my rescue my eyes were
like give me water you got a photograph
different sex wouldn't do this we'll
just wait for her death kind and others
involved do that with others I know that
actually have what your hair ponytail
Facebook mm-hmm maybe great if you could
prop your head a clear one Martha left
so it's not susie yeah I'm gonna most at
7:05 but we wanted a good video but
Karen lean on thank you
let me see oh it looks like yellow looks
cute couple don't you throw up in your
pants
