what objective references good magic the
time is time ended actually so in an 11
a.m. I have a shoot that we're starting
this shoe code before Monday's video
look at me look at me do a signet event
this event someone goes over here and
I'm all over here this is Monday and me
I'm all over here okay look this is the
distance I got that and I'm hanging out
with one of my friends later a lot of
trace and I'm going to help me with a
few things of this video one of them
involves me straddling chase basically
this is not Sunday
this is chases lucky day
shall we see I know also also also also
my hair falling out very appropriate for
today's video and also once again la
where is this drought you speak of
Cheska we're interrupting my joke rewind
- okay Casca where so while I do my
makeup I'm gonna drink the smoothy
humbles making smoothies every morning
life as humble as mothers and great in
this movie is Brooke berries bananas
almond milk I think a strawberry I said
varies and health I'm not the best at
healthy thing but okay pretty good and
it's colorful enough and it's on the
scale of better than worse so I drink
one of these and I don't understand why
derive idea but wealthy leggo look at
all the advance preparation destroy
after reading we're at finish the video
the time is little another 337 23:37 and
now for back to this check out my video
right Megan and us do we - L take know
la la what really you know remember
would be the best invite them to enjoy
he's gonna work out Felicity never work
out - all you need a little webs in a
video cut the frame right here and just
felt like a hot so here that's something
to do I thought one thing works for me I
was awesome thank you
the will what would I have to do to get
to it can be me a big baby anything was
let's make a lot of this blood okay
make a mark of this vlog why this
happened oh my god no I did six t-shirt
oh great things try playing go faster oh
yeah yeah I get it with a call for a
rape it so what you sold my amazing is
it I think I do hundred oh I'm going to
lose my mom my mom loves me mom what
Nick they call your way Air Force one
that's it all over clean thank you have
you a team support you to take my
daughter so damn funny because y'all
been doing these things on Twitter to
get me to release tour dates where you
like pretend to spill something or
somehow communicate to me really tour
dates I'm gonna show you because I've
been laughing the past 30 minutes y'all
you take my job you're so damn funny
things up
whoa Superman I actually spilled my boss
lipstick
this is someone added this to my dance
warmup I love it oops my hand slipped
I made a drawing for you PS tango music
a lush release a new bass evolved oh my
god what is this
we're studying him for my exams and
found this down my light bulb isn't
acting weird the beach oh my goodness oh
no my king face exploded
y'all are huh Larry it's okay
so both the tour dates soon excuse me
okay I know that I wanna know about tour
dates see how over Twitter's and I call
the managers now and I was like so I
call successes one after gate release
date or date because like I know some of
them some of them are not confirmed yet
smells like what if I just like say one
or two because I see all the tweets I
know you guys even with valid reasons
like you wanna ask your parents you want
to say money whatever so she told me I
could solve one tour date so I'm I told
one this or this the first tour dated
mmm
I dropped my skittles sorry no but for
real
I'm headed to dinner with next Goonies
which is like that vegan junk food place
and I'm so excited about it be raining
all day like what's going on I mean it's
just like yo we talking money needed in
other words I should go on ladies I mean
let Wow I'll be two minutes late
fashionably late
Oh had a great dinner with make up
someone's dumped you right now and also
made him break his diet
what'd I do now I am headed to you sis
birthday party with them a little bit
late suit but it is his birthday and I
am going to wish him given breakup I
haven't seen him cuz we got hair salon
exciting
what if you have my hair oh yeah oh my
god you Katie fine oh my baby my
boyfriend Oh
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah the girls you my
girlfriend a difference in you we have
the honors of it I really don't owe me
nothing I go somewhere else with my
favorite cousins the worst behaved also
my name's it means an engine do really
like the window feel the next day Loudon
he seemed to stock control so now I have
a special bond okay look at his old miss
we gotta rip your faces you just bit
like beer look we buddy man it is happy
to know there's nothing going across
something stupid I can't be a friend
anymore
come on girl on my sport I don't like
what's your name
I'm going to vlog the vloggers vlogging
the bloggers blogging why are you oh yes
perfect okay Lonnie you got to go Lyle
you out of control it's like makes me
like cautious slow today like I'm doing
as always thinking always like that with
Khan's return just kind of volume
accordingly since Landon's you were
nothing
goddamnit you back home I'm going to
sign my name a couple thousand times for
I go to bed never stopping so how Jesus
mother asking hammered oh I look better
in the camera that do we realize since
in shining want to stop I don't know if
he knows about meaning you should notice
you watch my logs of your noon by Bob
Sherman hello welcome to my family I am
addicted to learning I love learning new
things as I love to have conversations
of new people and travel to new places
so I decided to add a new segment into
the blog's maybe not every day but as
often as I can
well I will find new random things that
I tell you if you file a brief thing
about anything unique we never won how
to say brief short and I'm sure amount
of things to total today I know things
would call and debating between the
grain food or something else we have an
idea coming up welcome to five random
facts about anything today the human
body
did you know that you can't come a
holding your nose hmm-what good guy but
I told you not with you the fastest
growing meal is actually nail on your
middle finger
huh how times never great the acid in
your stomach is strong enough to
dissolve razor blades what now before
sneezes regularly exceed 100 miles per
hour
man grab next a key is that much
surprised you're a NASCAR driver number
five we are about one centimeter taller
in the morning than we are in the
evening look
yes we basically shrink and grow yeah
nothing to do with like the cartilage in
our body being compressed and not
compressed isn't that fast you become
fascinating your are no not more because
you just learn by new things boom i wife
did my thing I'm making a commitment to
myself today I'm eating today that
tomorrow Monday my videos already done
I'm going to unpack these boxes in my
closet it's good a mother than happened
this is going to get focus right here
it's going to get full I'm gonna fix the
covers of my washing it's going it's
going to happen I'm also going to write
one creative and two scripts mom it's
gonna happen I'm going to sign a whole
lot of things it's going to happen I'm
going today that I'm going to make
tomorrow so productive in fact I'm going
to will it into the universe hold up
today I will create but for now I take
the toilet time stops when Lenny and I
stop the simple and flying looks like
that but I don't care cuz you my family
and you don't judge me and you do not me
at all matters because I love myself
what tells us turn to anyone else thank
for joining me on today's we shot a
video whatever dinner is some more signs
of things one for birthday parties very
productive day and also tell them what
happened game we out here with it
nothing but dirt get the camera sleep
obviously hope you had a productive day
hope you are well I hope you learn
amazing you thing today and you're
inspiring if not tomorrow is a new day
so weather together inhale then cook if
you like it so good did you like it
subscribe tomorrow to monumental things
might happen I might buy a new makeup
brush and I'm I buy a new tripod
two things that have been rock up in my
life for years
stay tuned for tomorrow's legendary vlog
when my life changed this forever
