the new camera Hey good morning the time
at 11:30 I haven't washed my face yet
bed says movie without pressure my cute
classics and the other them thought it
is right there what is all over my face
all the time what am i stupid suspense
look at it so that I probably simple
yesterday wasn't both use and now it's
all in HD
today is an exciting day today we learn
how to speak English today is exciting
day because that's where we're in the
range let me get my fingers already like
powerful enough so they can control
post-production yes here we are going to
number one visit the set of Baywatch
isn't that exciting okay I'm actually
sure what they're doing today but Simone
invited me and Glenn invited me to visit
Baywatch I think that guy friends will
be there too so I don't know what
they're doing they might be doing some
pickup shots on the lady are I have no
idea but I'm gonna go busy it's a long
drive away that's 40 minutes away some
part town I've never been before so new
experience new adventure aside from that
I'm also going to come home get ready
and then go out for dinner with p.m. re
because you know I love her and she's a
foodie chose although food that's me
very excited to be like yeah well I was
real hi dragon everyone say SSS no no
just I was biggie okay moving on we're
also going to write scripts because
tomorrow I have video shoots for my
videos next week because we're doing
videos in advance that's right I need to
write some scripts I need to think of
some grants I have a lot of like email
and other supermoon work to do so what's
the moral of the story to take all this
wipe it away the moral is that's a new
productive positive wonderful day
because the day is our our control your
dazing your control that is in my
control
maybe not all elements of it but I know
I'm in my control and that's the theme
why cuz I got a new mother for gathering
RHD let's go
I should also add laundry somewhere that
was lovely clean all right a great boot
thing this divides all black everything
got my tea to create a great day camera
makeup with this damn camera tanning I'm
a makeup with your face I'm gonna leave
momentarily Lego size million and foxy
Knoxy sharp teeth
I wanna be jumping fungus out also the
friend here hmm
oh hey so what are you going to be
watching neither was not a swim which is
great but I think if there's water we
jump into the water and hopefully Jose
Mijares persons yeah I mean doing the
public tables with those with one arm
each that's about as excited as I'm
gonna park what's poppin I stepped home
I could pool felt great humble is doing
expires Melton tell me I don't know how
well we have one nostril smells that
sour but it is sour cream so those edges
mean that it's freshmen on point
who knows we're asking a camera a
question which we keep talking is that
you're gonna reply also you know where I
hope when humble officially takes four
years out of the Herman this is the
equivalent to ground the process just
very efficient sentence did you want to
fix that no rewind is equivalent to
picking up her bro I'm at my Vogue I
have to do with T I'm probably having a
blog again and I've said this many times
before busted again I think you never
heard me say before I don't want to vlog
around people who have a career in front
of camera anyways I like to respect
people's privacy
so don't like to pull out a camera or
would mean you know my circle of people
who also do something similar he's fine
but like I don't want to be done sets
and was other people and dinners and
stuff I don't I don't like to do that so
I might thought I might not be either
way I'm gonna come home make some
sit-ups and this way we can just make up
stories everyone please I am sure we
just we just play ping pong with
Leonardo DiCaprio but we don't blog us
oh yeah a vlog yes nobody think I'm
lying whatever it is no they believe is
you record stand you have all the
photoshopped pictures on your Instagram
celebrity makeup lush straight up I love
that girl I loved here we're just soul
mates we get along so well religious so
much I'm so full with so much work to do
moral cold front if you shower hoping to
waking up a little bit warm me up if I
can get to work
I am so bomb I didn't go to the women's
March which is just baffling to me
because I as you know I'm a proud
feminist and I love girl love and all
about that I couldn't make it and
it was like the last verse on the plan -
no one was even happening in LA I found
it much later than everybody else but no
system I'm really bummed I didn't go but
that doesn't change the fact that I do
believe that you can use your voice and
I'm so proud going through my social
media my Instagram's my Twitter's and
seeing all the people at the March and
seeing the men and women and beautiful
people of all shapes and sizes and
colors come together to fight for the
rights of everyone is so wonderful to
see and I'm never felt prouder to be a
woman and I am so overjoyed that people
are using their voices and you should
use your voice and don't ever think that
your voice will not matter or not count
use your voice that's what you have
voice use it fight for what you believe
in and forgetting feminism yeah yeah I'm
very sleepy and I'm kind of wake myself
up and I don't know what to do so I
kindly I interrupted humble to ask him
if you play a game of ping pong with me
just explain what you did message oh I
want to challenge there enough because
we also are trying to reduce is here
come on I am a stupid person right now
I'm trying to write scripts inside I
think of things our brain is not working
my creative juices are not flowing and
I'm just like I want you to the joke was
actually really heard and I stubbed my
toe damning me try it again
oh it's just a long let me try it again
this wall okay it's just my wall it's my
it's my wall it's not these are these
aren't like drywall they're like oh
that's like solid Wow am I an idiot no
no no stop me so I got it just no are
you protecting all right I'm about to go
to bed let's review what we did I went
to visit the set of Baywatch I think I
thought I was going to do that in the
morning
Wendy dinner was - you did that had a
great time thing I sent a Korean that I
had to do support Nemo's and now I just
finished my script for my shoot that
well and it is 1:35 a.m. I'm gonna go to
bed so shoot tumor starts at 11th and
get a good night's sleep so I'm so
excited
a public bumbum a tomorrow morning cuz
the wall basically attacked me sorry I
was just starting to jumped out at me
effing at me sit on the toilet
top
all thank you for joining young thanks
for 20 minutes they open you had a
wonderful day
tomorrow I'm shooting after that I'm
hanging out with one of my friends and
doing some more work at Sunday kind of
make the weekend a little bit leisure
but also like productive you know not
completely sure not to be productive a
nice hybrid balance he otherwise we're
going to tell you put in my book if you
want though you think with a copy if you
want not that if I remove a book code
routine like pasta learner a little more
fun to tell you mmm I hope you're happy
I hope you have blessed wonderful
healthy day it does my issue think it's
as good can you write it some good today
I will create a better relationship with
my wall Lego
