it's gonna be a glorious effing day
yesterday I was stressed so today woke
up and I was like um that's not gonna
happen again
no thank you and now I woke up I just
had a meeting I got dressed like this
not a call at 9:00 a.m. they both my
cause in bed whatever it doesn't matter
where you do your calls I do both my
calls at 9:00 a.m. through a book
related I said a wonderful meeting with
Sarah that went great now I'm headed to
another meeting after that may have a
meeting at studio 71 with Kyle not on
Sarah and then I have another call sign
so a very very busy day but yesterday I
was not enjoying myself because I was so
stressed and so frazzled I woke up today
me like me productive there's a rock
there they're their reproductive me
amazing I am in control of my day got my
create key I'm gonna create a great day
and I'm so excited to do with you Lego
finish my meeting it went great it is a
little chilly today it's rainy if you
like I don't like sevens they are semi
jelly I'm like I don't want one cold or
rainy day I did not sign up for this I
moved for perfection I think I have
another meeting in a bit but I think I
have time to go home with shakarez tell
me
oh my next meetings 3:15 it's only 115
I've - I was having children have a chin
this view with the traffic above we get
home right in time but let's go let's go
home
no just had a great meeting in my
fabulous new office it was wonderful and
productive and great and guess where I
got today
a Welcome Packet to studio 71 how many
years I work at through the new 100
actually had an email from me from 2014
just got a welcome back it okay
stepping on up yeah so her picture was a
picture of a pair that's why she gave it
to me because she just fashion no no go
to the end of the earth to pull a joke
off and of the earth yeah Tony is a
banana bread one okay the day that Kyle
made banana bread I bought him a banana
bread recipe book to be like mother F
are you a make banana bread who ate it
so you have mercy good I failed and then
I go to the book yeah it's all ramyun or
something of course on my house taking
up real estate welcome to things you can
use condoms for starring not a trial one
a water balloon toss before I want then
we know that people may get pregnant but
you live there not good kind of
different what is wrong with my friends
like what would've why why just testing
out with your ability of you but what is
this gesture you're doing nothing
this is outrageous outrageous no I want
to have that okay are you kidding me you
and learn as excess its recreation of no
it's not matter
are you ready for changing out look
around - here we go this is the target
right here we can do it alright you
picked a difficult one again I think oh
did I really Oh see it's just so useful
like her I charged my speaker toward my
Invisalign thing my phone don't need
instructions this time I'm gonna be okay
boom nada how long has it been was a
timer say what is it 958 10 minutes
five minutes let me know if your phones
are checking bum bum bum
come on knock on my door it's gonna say
Miranda sings boom boom hello okay okay
we're ready for you okay ready
yep oh my god kill that it's charging
come on over come on over ten minute
outlet change a huge improvement from an
hour
what are you doing my lien stripping
virus the window like for sat for some
of the wires with the way they're
attacking you strip I don't have a wire
stripper so using pliers gets the job
done though this is weak the copper
wires ready to get and there's a tubing
around ready to strip in order for the
goodand
see all of us is the copper that's all
for it what do you laughing this looks
so intense it is intense a copper has a
touch copper that's that's how
electrical charges passed through Oh
also we know it yeah because we turn off
the plot see look I took this off and
now we have wires exposed and all
remember because we turn this off you
have no lights you have to do it with a
flashlight so it's a challenging series
of events for sure you know but no
charge you know nada has used a penguin
nada nobody's dead changed all the
omelettes baby goes a week I find out
like a remake redo some elbow trick move
the newest addition to Lily tag might be
wondering what is this flat iron
situation basically it's a toilet paper
holder like a dispenser but with a shelf
for your phone cuz let's be real
use on the toilet on your phone and you
know what I have to put your phone would
you got a wife now you got a place to
put your phone how cool is that right
say what that's one reality cuz the
spoon app doesn't let you go
this the wall Disney movie this is ever
the waters and Islands even make an L so
I have to do it from here
so whether you like a universal allen
key let's drop not a home wha-wha-wha
that was wearing heels what the hell cuz
you had a meeting with us just for you
oh my god she's up again the goal is
this office closet it's a hot effing
mess right now let's see what we can do
significant improvement indeed it's a
little bit jam-packed at some open space
here I think I'm gonna get someone to
like put in more shelf in here and
figure it out but this is a good
workable solution for now what's the pop
of the time is 234 straight look at my
nails I just got my nails I lose them
you know why because a second down my
nail doesn't I pretend like taking that
nail polish off is my mother effing job
like someone about to write me a check
straight I just like I know I'm okay I'm
not in touch and I'm just like it's so
fun it's such a hobby and I can't I'm
just I can't that's why I can't have
nice things
that's why they can't have nice things
cuz I do stupid crap like this sure go
sit on the toilet
you don't know bridge on my closet in my
room is a lot at mess break time
once every time get some good progress
today turn that's real and thanks for
joining man to this super effin
productive day positive vibes good
energy
I hope the same applied for your day and
if not like trip and you can change that
right now with a simple decision to be
positive in your life and in your day
and accept all perfectionism
then go ahead and do that right now me
tomorrow I was supposed to do some art
ebook recording but I actually postpone
that till next week so tomorrow I am
going to make merry over Thursday after
my speech or something and I got to
write a script and then any left over
time I'm going to spend doing house
stuff so slowly but surely a little bit
house stuff I definitely want to clean
the second guest room because guess is
coming back Thursday Thursday and Friday
humble is coming back if you don't have
a better room like mine he has a
mattress on the floor so my bag humble
pie than that I'll see you tomorrow
cook cook if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
uh yeah I'm the opencast open casting
call if any of the teams who remembers
want to come help me with this comment
below letting me know your your you know
what you wish your skills are which you
can bring to the bring to the table of
the team because we got a situation here
we need team King up in Detroit on
