he was referring about auditions right
so I switch my Edition I messed up a
little bit I was a prick I tried again I
did I did too as well all I wanted to do
but it's okay because I learned a lot of
new things new partitions my brains go
right this is so many variables I can't
control and if someone was like a
creative that writes my own scripts and
edits efficient stuff myself so it
drives me crazy for example like the
first time tied to the audition I was
like okay we're going to make you read
script ones and whether we make you
improv the second time so this time I'm
like oh I when I think of all these
one-liners like improv it and show it
was tough to understand well that pages
six takes like straight to the script
from script and I was like oh no I could
make this party with my one legs I wish
to sometimes it's a bit more creative
freedom to be like chillest like you
know what you can do with this and I
thought they would do with it everyone
is so nice so that's what counts more
than anything I understand so I'll walk
in with the casting after so nice I'm
like I appreciate that because it's
already an uncomfortable situation and
so being a jerk is just evil literally
if you're a casting person or approved
for someone and someone is auditioning
for you and your evil that is me like
that is so mean and so they're really
nice reactive little iller knows what
happens not not going to be a
make-or-break sign it's still cool but
one thing I learned you're good because
where is this is good is that I open the
hood I speak so fast and everyone I grew
up with 60,000 Oscar words we talked
about yo you know and so I wouldn't try
to enunciate things sometimes for an
audition or with whatever you were doing
my audiobook I struggle because like I
don't really enunciate I kind of just
like have this slang that I've spoken my
whole life and so I need to work on that
but I let it - hello ha chases landing
today I'm having lunch with King he's
coming over
and tonight we're throwing a party for
not I was just like five or six of us so
can be so ridiculous or ridiculous
things planned but first let's go home
oh my baby
gleaming right now your cars almost
every point so funny we are asking I
don't know why zoomed in and got really
perverted with my car I don't know I
don't know what came over me but guess
who's back back back back again again
again ping-pong back back back
alright so we got 16 clams and all those
birthdays it's some some quick quick
ideas that we got going on here right
for now frenzy drive longing gas
composition so number one the favorite
candy is her favorite candy is banana
Laffy Taffy I order a thousand of them
and we're gonna probably do before
exploding with a thousand laughs Jesse
thank you
magicians we hire additional technical
performance nothing we did not a
favorite phrases humble came up with
them I was printing them on shirts
although we're not a team shirt exact
phrase was it it is but I'm taller than
bird poop because now that's a small
mouth if you ever met not and we're like
isn't as a representation of how
Kalamata opposed to the humble probably
the right view previously accurate she
doesn't know any of us really look like
we're adding miniatures like when we're
drinking out of sippy cups cheese pizza
and like just kitty think goldfish
crackers is the seamless kids menu kids
been you know Beyonce forgetting where
do Brazil flags as well oh that's a gift
I also got a helmet works you can put
drinks in here and slip it through a
straw so this handsome black man came to
my house and brought this tank of water
and tells you that he drinks one of
these every single day I do
yes gang
you got to convince her to drink so now
I'm gonna try to drink one of these a
day it's a gallery to me so if she does
a gallery today huh no King you are
blending into the background because
there you go I'm obsessed with this
still with what you've never seen you're
a nun no I saw it at the Christmas party
and do you have to fish I paid it to fit
I hated to let those being your birthday
with and I stopped saying it to say that
I hated the person I saw myself okay
then I might do this challenge by
charging Wendy's a day like you posted
via text we talked with the real
friendship where he came over and we
just had one whose chocolate like yeah
yeah I didn't cook this time you didn't
this time I'm going through
well I edit right yeah yeah are you dead
you want to change your mind I'll be
over here waiting patiently okay okay to
leave and I'm closing the door and the
wind like flandro though there's your
massive crash so what's this noise and
what that'll happen and I walk your end
though door slamming it's caused this to
happen this fell and shattered all over
their lands on the keyboard and keyboard
was like accurate representation like
Shakespeare I'm here Chase is here and
so now we know muskan bad oh man my bad
oh man everything falls apart
okay and so now they're so sad that this
broke on the date with rotate with
videos losing - well - okay you know
what making room for my PC and it's no
off there it's all good I'm going to
preserve this and get a new frame that's
exactly thing so we're gonna restore it
but maybe mount it that's good okay good
it's okay y'all cuz bosses shatter rules
Oh
Mouse's shatter the box this is a
metaphor for life not finding the
positivity is good it's so interesting
how it's like humble when I care about
very little things and we don't we just
like get sick to things and get things
done focus how many is does it take to
cook a birthday cake we've been here
it's me it's gonna be my clearly more
than two yeah I'm like metal like those
colors only the shape without what I'm
just thinking this is what we're
choosing right now for not us look at
this cake right there's these I don't
like these pastel II colors right here
in bold colors with notification it
tastes good
hiding behind the plastic okay okay we
have different concerns
happy birthday not a perfect another
genius idea of oh come on you have
enough breath come on now
look what good job mm okay good kids go
good you know come again cheering you on
okay bye I was going in this department
you see the progress of my little good
okay so we bring it in backward so when
you iron them onto the shirt so before
I'm taller than bird poop boom
very good job humble was looking up they
realize I'm in Singapore
you always want this one look at the
progress Wow well how's that going over
there little the concentrating so hard
just passed us down you're really
getting somewhere
this is happening
the wire on the board and one floor
because I was learning on the design
them to teachers and a fairly heavy role
I already boards
yeah the mouth doesn't look like don't I
walk on the red your room
alright let's hide Jesus now because
even Yolanda huh goldfish crackers
multicolored skills sippy cup ah I got
my shirt
 was in boom we got hers which is
transfer student of Brazil at the Brazil
flag yes yes yes I required total result
I'm I'm taller than bird poop and shoe
not affected 1000 banana Laffy Taffy's
quality pin is promised no I didn't know
what's happening I'm just staying in the
guest room
yeah okay so I don't know if I mentioned
before I think I did books we hired a
magician
mr. party is here not has no idea
they're on the roof right now so we're
just going to come perform like 30 40
minutes it's gonna be pretty cute
hilarious
she's gonna come down a second time or
things like you gonna tell anybody yeah
see home cause you like dolphins right
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
care don't really I see then this was
confusing everybody
well no audience aah aah aah oh my god
when I did bad on just and you will
bring it back
yes mr. Shapiro has an Euler stick
nobody can do this but it maybe yeah
rubberband magic aggregate our religion
were living in excess yeah
over to get in and kind of no way in
hell get a lot of things are wrong
longhand council it down why my like you
let you to bring a collect like boiling
desk up
no that's the big ball all right
everybody what did you think about rofl
ah is really happen good
oh we miss out you ago we become faster
T minutes cuz like reliable crash and
also he was just so good so he wasn't he
like Renee just propose in specified
place with preacher boy my bed right up
he said we were favorite on them he said
the last year money oh yeah please raise
now and everything I've ever wanted to
ring ah gate over bet hop jaw before
line don't be a forfeit woo Oh in this
young good job good is that good good
haha my life
you're dying boy anyone any fairy Hamwi
any happy birthday nada if you have a
good time really really fun mom but we
did it
I'll rope although a locos a new gold
all up here right now dice on down point
even you're passionate about what you do
you do it well Hamid it's 12:30 imma do
some work I gotta do about like 45
minutes for our work and I'm going to
sleep I think we killed I think not a
really good time
yeah we're nee teams drop off a key and
then stay for a magician and charades
and hoping to muttering husband you know
what do you know what I don't have an
obvious almost constrained to four times
going up remember evil straight up the
public appears like eight months a month
we sure will see those is this is the
Halloween but it's not October we
keeping you until oh oh and tell
Halloween is January come on yeah what
an eventful day
I don't remember idiot audition oh my
god first of all I broke my hand that's
gonna get situation brown foot audition
with last working around but it's okay
audition edition girls happen that I do
O king came although he woke the king
came over implanted party really really
finds such a good vibe elemental machine
we do so much fun and not like I'm so
happy Western empanada canonical so
above and beyond for everyone she's so
giving and like tears about people so
much and does so much for people without
hesitation and so we help all I give a
guy like do so many pounds oversee go we
need to do something so much above and
beyond for a position she would've the
same it well so I was a not a shellfish
you always sure I'm gonna do about 30-40
mental work then go to bed because I've
been eating tomorrow as well he'll then
so you like it was good did you roasted
subscribe
now the mr. K videos I like to show you
every detail my favorite Bob Marley song
rise up this morning smiling the Rising
Sun three little birds a previous pitch
and not sit by my doorstep shocking by
my does step with it singing sweet songs
of melodies pure and true
