today is going to be a long day but a
blessed day good morning everyone the
time is 10 a.m. I woke up thirty minutes
ago because that a call for some boughs
stuff you know tell them how to get
bounced up in your hands but we can dupe
about ten more tour dates in always I'm
gonna tell you right now to stay tuned
right now I have someone waiting
downstairs because they're interviewing
me for Toronto Life magazine and what
else am I saying when I'm faster that I
gotta wash my hair some trim removal
because right now it's a little bit of
I'm looking with my G so no makeup on
and then after that my grand starts
we're heading to the PC a people choice
order so that's crack-a-lackin' we are
nominated for some tour of the year on
the head downstairs people are waiting
for me I'll go mess but you know what
inner beauty for council most I'm trying
to care less and less about how I look
here you know I act here and what I say
here and what I fear here what I see
here let go my interview I'm running
late now and look who's here hey I see
my dress with me mm-hmm okay today buddy
a lot of carved is mask okay what up at
the fixed shower I'd be lying if I said
I wasn't having one of those big lumps
so effin Cardoza showers like I'm really
tired today I don't know why I had tried
to stretch in the shower on my shower so
big and less of a big showers I was like
stretching and turning my body working
but looking a little bit like want to
connect but okay so the name actually
gonna come and they pump me up not that
that's a job to Club me up but their
energy will just cut me up and we have
good vibes and I'm going to be grateful
because we're going to the PCA so the
first time ever and we're nominated and
that's a lot to be grateful for and
should not be tired you sleep tonight
sleep early tonight for now turn on put
full effort full gratitude full energy
into what we're doing just kidding
alright so glam team is here in the back
they star me to make me look like human
I'm drinking this thing humble made me
it's a healthy smoothie I don't think
that sunshine in my people was something
has to come over my body I feel very not
hit by something I'm just like suddenly
really faint and woozy and we're trying
to stretch my body feels which is like
so son Roger Sykes came to lie down
which I feel weird and I'm trying to get
over that the humble made me a healthy
something not horrible
it's not coke okay come on early that
bottle a snap out of it your go see see
a snap out of it
she we're in control we are in control
you're in control we can do this to
stretch it out take it easy
now push yourself to are surrounded
people from some water drinking smoothie
and
here we go you see this hello we are
ready to go through what I'm wearing my
Tatas on this angle but on the front so
hard like Renata
I got where Wayne Johnson
your choice for favorite premium series
afternoon
thank you somebody is already hi first
one just want to say thank you to the
people you know we are show started two
seasons ago you guys are made of the
high stress vertical to show two pieces
in a row this is the second time of won
best actor in the category and I want to
take my family by the way my 15 year old
daughter Simone I love you so much
I want to say this I promise somebody
very special close to me I'm going to
say this is important you know lots of
entertainers we get up here you know we
have such an honor and privilege it's
nice to be important but it's more
important meaning that hump of ideas
kill the game
rather to go yeah that and so much
helping your minds well I than I also
thank you for support although I can't
win anything without humble because I
was so supportive anyone who came up
with the hey mom thing you still held it
up as if like I thought of it fellow
schooler mom shut up - mom shut up sook
Kyle I am now instantly feeling so sick
and I'm coping and change and we're very
very warm thank you baby ah I know to
say I don't know what to say it wasn't
just the hell is on the lens
hello I'm try the moment hold on I don't
notice a thank you so much for voting to
think that this award and it would mean
so much to me because they made such a
point even the show even during the show
to be like no we calculate every row and
like the people have nominated alongside
are so talented so wonderful and such an
honor to be nominated alongside there
was an honor to be invited and you
nominate a let alone - when I'm so
extreme example no matter words I say
can continuously express how much you
mean to me like I know we all know yeah
your viewers of my videos and so if you
do so much more than that I don't
explain that you literally I feel like
the award is made up of all of you like
I'm looking at I'm like oh my god
there's like 11 million cuties in here
you love it but I feel like really and
truly thank you so so much for
supporting me and letting me do cool
things like this I'm over the moment I
want a People's Choice Award like the
way one of people tours for today but
Justin Timberlake when people so it's
like Priyanka when people started work
away I just I can't comprehend that I'm
in the same situation of those people
because I'm just me I don't even get it
I get it thank you so much gentlemen
about the awards still about the lives
of change the positivity we spread but
this is so damn cool you inspire me
encourage me every day to work so so
hard even my body's I'm definitely
getting sick because my body is shutting
the F down I was able to like hide that
for the whole show and now I'm back I'm
going to eat you go to sleep very early
because tomorrow my callback for my
addition and the hustle don't stop I
know world is filled regardless knock
Fred knock the hustle don't stop because
I don't want to be sick tomorrow so I
wanna celebrate and we have a moment to
myself and when how
people and I'm a good sweet but for now
let's go some food item super-soak I'll
take off my makeup right now and he just
asked if this I was done he's so cute
he's so exciting very good job but
nobody this is so much hotter planet
oh yeah that's imagine a doesn't know
anything we gotta get underneath and get
all those places okay
he was so excited to do this item for so
to do this by the way I can't go for a
booth
okay okay Claud that does mean like in
my aisle oh wow oh my god hey last time
I'm gonna see you teams were combined
effort it how you gettin I mean okay
okay you're okay
why does it keep on so much okay so if
in many look to me we'll make a little
Patrick's car remove my makeup boy I
don't always into screen screener okay
underneath I don't know how that box
will come along I do that okay but how
hard it is I'm not hard at all when the
rice pasta was learn I think you're
right I'll do it started after I treated
me don't blame me hey blues I am going
to jump in bed the time is 1024 I just
took a hot shower steaming hot shower
melt American I'll cover my by with
tiger balm burns well ever burns
imma go to bed and pray that lastic
tomorrow flawless having is chase and
landings having lunch with King through
my addition and then bug and chill and
just work stuff tonight I can tell you
by tomorrow I'm not gonna tell the
toilet because the body's broken and I
hope you understand I don't know what
else I can say besides thank you thank
you thank you thank you thank you thank
you thank you
really I don't know the words to express
myself beyond thank you so if I simply
just thank you so much until tomorrow
when I will not be sick I'm gonna take
care of myself right now the hustle will
continue the grad to look we'll continue
the teamwork will continue thank you so
much
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
oh my god also divide how are you the
cool people I'm Matt Matt Candace aka DJ
from full house and I also met gez and i
also me obviously Priyanka me was
British soap wind up in the Bronco and
you when I was going books it when you
went out of the guess what we're so
Punjabi who love having a fellow Punjabi
but the great events will be just so
dope a lot of fun you so much
