bozo sub-aqua - hello what today is a
great day so many exciting things are
happening to dinner professionals
mission is ladies you have a meeting I
gotta release the video gotta be super
60 that release new merch check goes
through my inbox gotta read a script
there to write two scripts all that in a
day's work are you ready for this lift
do what have fun okay so I finished my
meeting you know it's definitely the
dumbest person in the room which is a
really really good thing because I was
sitting there I was like oh I know that
people talk about Hawaii to learn about
that so I just have so much research to
do I need to learn new things that's
good I'm x being the devil's person the
room is really good not not always
sometimes you want to be there and be
like but a lot of times don't be scared
to be the dumbest person in the room
remember how to be a boss oh my god
I know I merch I got a book I got a
YouTube channel in my business woman
happy birthday happy birthday happy
birthday you get a raise do you think
you deserve a raise now
do you have any justification raise I
have the sample g string products on
your father is full three wide in my
mission I'm also meeting a complete
stranger that I met on the Internet
let's see you are meeting with today Oh
Norman so meeting with Norman and Norman
is I think France's biggest creator he's
a youtuber I've never met him I don't
know much about him buddy once we got
sure he also speaks not fluent English
so it's gonna be very interesting where
I'm flew in just to be on + opt on the
the link in the description let's go
baby
do you know what to call the damn uber
and easily if we don't release it right
now we go just for 60 let us celebrate
being generous are you no are you being
a bully no are you sure do you believe
bully you I'm so proud of myself I just
read a script in my bed and did not fall
asleep and I'm awake and I'm gonna go
back to work someone give me a trophy or
a new boob cuz why do I do that why do I
always always just did I really just do
it let me just see what happens at the
just oh just read another script that's
two scoops every Wednesday my brain is
like completely fried myself to write
two scripts for my video shoot tomorrow
but first I must wash my hair we are a
lot more often now because I feel like
I've gotten to the habit of doing this
all the time my hands always come every
time take a picture meet some onion CQ
person how does always drink this in my
hair just like your fingers are oily
stop it stop it just finished script one
give me the points it went like Q and
Shore and I really like this new like
format of this shooting short a terrible
and short like a little
girl killing the game give me the point
okay preparations more preparations
recently you know you live in a sad life
when abroad the floor means preparations
for sleep and nothing else what a great
day of work I'm pretty sure we killed it
let's see how we did
don't stop thank you for joining me on
today and thank you to everyone that
showed so much support towards the new
merch I am just so overwhelmed by all
your positive responses so thank you so
much hope you like I hope you enjoyed it
tomorrow we got a jet actually every day
up until I leave for Trinidad is
jam-packed with work because we're gonna
play hard we can't work hard and you
want doing me on the journey darling
whoo-hoo-hoo if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe I just realized
that I'm subconsciously doing that if
that gets up as the rock it gets smell
what The Rock oh my god no more you know
it's okay good role models too fun guys
I think I talked about Dwayne like five
times a week minimum I'm okay with that
