woke up at 8:30 I look like this new
year same muscle but better sleep
patterns what up I am ready for my panel
I am actually 10 minutes late to be
honest but 10 minutes late for a time
that was said to be earlier so actually
right on time just saying this is the
vibes right here about my swag my
business ladies swags on mantra panel
you don't know what it's about I can't
tell you right away but you'll find out
soon but I'm really really excited about
it I go last night during a party I was
pure pressure to go to another party on
Sunday and I wasn't gonna go I was like
no I have so much stuff to do and swipe
over here peer pressured hard it's a
golden globe so I can't execute my
friend Caesar going this morning I just
finished my panel went great I got a
little even choked at what we're talking
about was really emotional as well girl
love stuff as you know the woman I was
next to oh my god I like she's instantly
one of my favorite people on the planet
she was so the story she was telling was
so amazing I was like it's very hard for
me to be speechless because I talked to
that much but I was like speechless
sitting next to her she's so amazing and
so it went really well I hope it went
well I was a little bit choking and not
my um you know I don't you always need
to be my loud self it wasn't appropriate
for that it was just like really good
vibes and good energy and just like I'm
really excited to change the world I'm
so glad we're gonna change the world got
some exciting things happening we go
change the world that's right awesome
wearing saris fancy glasses go on take
some selfies okay well we had about 30
minutes for me to pack and just I have
like one shirt out so I don't really
have much to pack we've got 30 minutes
of joint sunshine which is really nice
to probably do some book reading but
before that one of the things I learned
on the panel today I just want to have a
moment I want you to really just op what
you're doing and just think about this
for a second like whatever you're doing
with your eating whatever just to stop
and think what's our second you know I
found out today that 16,000 kids around
the world die
of preventable diseases or causes like
things that we know how to prevent it
just that the prevention or the cure or
whatever was required to save their life
didn't reach them on time 16000 today
16000 tomorrow 16,000 children every
single day just just think about that
for a second
anyone how many people you know in your
life that is mind-blowing and we need to
do something about it and we will do
something about it and I'm so excited to
talk about all the things I'm doing
because one of my I wouldn't I don't
want to say resolutions for 2017 because
you know I'm not really on the
resolution train but just I guess I've
had this realization just like dude
we've all look won the lottery you know
we've all it's it's not an option really
of giving back it's not it's not an
option with think about should I give
back should I not should I help you wish
I know it's a necessity it shouldn't be
a choice it we have to and we're going
to and we're so excited to do that with
you so stay tuned if you want to change
the world
stay tuned just picked up Bay but this
camera can't focus on be but you know
bays they're here hey number two you're
number two I'm sorry came home Bay told
me he made banana bread you can stop
that nigga vacuum super here's the proof
I just believed that he might just
dirtied up this bowl and bought this
banana brandy
apparently you picture montage right now
me making the banana bird
oh yeah you see that fresh banana bread
and that second loaf you know call me
Betty Crocker about the surf Queen Alia
some of this banana bread you look
hungry
see I don't believe you made this you
really don't look try a nightly basis no
I haven't tried this I don't know it was
good pretty and tasting good though two
different things - that's right looking
pretty tasting and do different things
of hennessey what do you expand with
every banana of this company a really
good is it I'm really impressed good job
good job
I made it I really didn't thank you so
much grocery store uh bless the sunshine
bless sunny day the things are priceless
you must be grateful for them the Sun is
Shang the neighbors are like without you
doing I'm going through my book as you
saw and I'm like really fine combing
like going through sentences and like
adding a word like just out of the word
graciously to a sentence it's like
really fine-tuning that would be really
nitpicky but this is like the prosthetic
thing is important to me I want the
sentence to be exactly what I wanted to
be and if I feel like a word makes a
difference in the ad that word I could
take me other words and make a
difference I take up the word we can we
ain't perfection up in this joint right
here yeah I'm saying no shortcuts high
percent effort like Gil so after this
I'm not allowed to enter my room because
I'm not like surprise him with packing
stuff that I need for the next two days
second with other room the good eye room
they'd like taped in like they're gonna
painted some colored I don't know a
color and the control freak in me is
done by trust Kate with all my heart I
really do so like packing essentials
right now because we need go to our room
and I don't know like okay wait so why
don't I want to come back in Sunday
evening chase Friday
we're kicking out ya know cuz tomorrow's
I know tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow money
yeah yeah sorry they're doing an
opposite or tomorrow evening yet
tomorrow evening okay so I'm having a
team gathering on Saturdays we're with
entire team you know team bonding 2017
intakes P 127 do you do super does so
obviously I'm doing things my way so
I've Kyle actually made this and what
did you do here can you explain first we
got a giant Jessica vodka okay it's
preferred drink and put in her preferred
candy skittles so you think you put in
enough that it changed the entire color
of it yes you picked all the red
skittles up I did out of a giant bag not
all of them but you're such a good
person
you helped okay Wow and now I'm gonna
taste it just you know just make sure
it's perfect you for my work for my job
it's not my choice I have to do this
this so we're clear or else you know
otherwise I'd be come on 3:00 p.m.
strainer but you know I'm also there's
still a lot of chunks in those it's all
sugar it's just skittle that's all I put
in so it's just candy chunks
let's get over our cast yeah what time
is it by the way you smell so strong oh
I bet this is good you get some 11 - no
no I couldn't no no it's good you spend
my money it's in the middle it's in the
middle cinema don't be great yeah mm-hmm
where's the left okay Cheers no memes no
chaser
it is a chaser it's sweet it's like a
 skittle e-enough not sweet okay
we'll be putting some more skittles in
there
it's an Isis bearable confuse I need a
chaser they could use a little more
skittles please sweeter okay okay here
we go
get to work we got here Oh such a good
person you are I make the big dollars
doing this and the banana bread don't
forget that the banana bread you made
you'll go look up there does ingredients
dis homemade banana bread left two
bananas I see you class see you Kyle is
never gonna listen to me when I say
things don't fake we bought three of
these and he said they're gonna fit in
my freezer where where he never listens
to me in these matters well knock them
upside as Heavy D's - bananas where yet
ho ho
tell me where do you three go fit right
now tell me where these three I'm gonna
hit you upside the head with those two
bananas we left in there oh that's -
yeah more they where they have which are
you right looking at these manners right
there oh I know but we ain't fitting
blood damn I just got hit with a wave of
panic and anxiety just not because I
just thought about this weekend it's a
little a jam-packed and sometimes I have
weekends where I should say in order
things like don't say no and so I have
what I came to talk aloud to myself and
hopefully you can listen to me as a
friend but I basically have a book notes
to do tonight and I
did some of them as you know I've been
working out a few days but I still got
like a lot to go and then tomorrow I
gotta wait at 6:30 and to shoot some mr.
Caid stuff and that's gonna happen like
throughout the day tomorrow also got to
write two scripts one from a Monday
video one for my mr. Cate video today
right now in a couple minutes
Sara's stylist is coming because I
agreed to go to a Golden Globes party on
Sunday so that's gonna take us on my
time from tonight as well on Sunday we
got mr. Kay shooting again and I got a
shoot for my channel and then I got to
write another script for another shoot
I'm doing on Monday and then go to the
Golden Globes party also tomorrow
evening I have my team party so just
like a lot of things happening back to
back and a lot of those things are
created and I always open up creative
tasks are not like and it's not be
complaining it's just like me talking
out loud creative tasks are so hard to
do back-to-back because it's not a time
thing it's not like okay from 3:30 to
4:00 I'll do this like you can try to do
that but if I don't have an idea that
time per se means nothing I need to work
until I have an idea and finish the
script and sometimes that doesn't align
with time sometimes I'm brain just like
no I need long alright whatever so it's
really tough to do so this weekend's
gonna be really really chaotic and I
just was hit with a wave of like Frick I
don't think I can do this but now I'm
just gonna take a deep breath
problem-solve and not get stressed out
and make a list of writing to do trying
to best strategize try an absolute best
have a wonderful team helping me but
Frank right right right but also look at
this dough cutlery and so we rent it for
the team party because I like you know I
don't have enough glasses or anything
for everybody so yo - we'll shop I wrote
out a schedule feeling a lot better by
myself I can do it I can do this I can
forget you I'm just gonna not stress
because stress is a waste I'm not
stressed I'm gonna do a step by step and
take breaks breaks my tape braids yes my
take breaks I'm going to have fun but a
be grateful busy as a blessing and we're
gonna get it done
who cares if it's hard who cares if it's
difficult laughs things are difficult
we're gonna get it done that's never
stopped us before
I thought I was a long side hold on less
traumatic than I wanted to be like let
go Sara stylist just came and tried on
some outfits and my little Pudge Pudge
right here is just like so I need to get
my space my Spanx were in my room and
then I was like I can't go in my room
and so she basically went into my room
created a pathway to my closet walked me
with my eyes closed and locked reading
the clocks like by my Spanx I mean I
found on the dim again more difference
because my pledgie pledgie so they're so
bad you know
that committed to not keeping this a
surprise because I don't want Kim to be
disappointed in me so I close my I
didn't see anything
seeking a budge budge I'm making a whole
pizza I say I want to eat an entire
pizza right now I don't care about much
but about human longing I want to be
doing with hello hello
good come on cow listen carefully you
hear that sizzle baby don't be so me
okay you have two reasons to be proud of
me number one I'm drinking water okay
number two an hour ago I found out that
I got an extension on my book notes
until Monday over the past hour I've
been working on my book notes because
I'm like why give up just has on
extension what if I could get it done
tonight so I'm still doing it right now
I'm gonna take a pizza break and watch
them fuller house cuz 30 minutes short
show or else do you know too much in
gained a virgin residing I'm like yo
it's okay
extension we're in pretend that never
happened that'll be our last resort for
now we're gonna hustle full force let go
after this pizza yeah yeah okay I could
only finish half but I think it's for
the better
mmm I know makeups probably smell so
smudged but I'm writing thank you cards
for my team for tomorrow I believe in
handwritten cards I'm about that so I've
written one two three four five and work
on my sixth one and we have about
thirteen or so to do I'm doing that a
time as 11:02 have nine more chapters
left for my book extended extended I'm
still doing it and then I start checked
my emails so I want to go to bed I want
to be in bed by 12 that's the goal
cuz I have to wake up at 6:30 so no no I
don't know why I did that blue I don't
know why did again what's crack the lack
of the time is 12 2020 MS pan schedule
but i'ma go to bed while checking some
emails wash my face that way by 6:30 do
some mr. K Asian so excited you know my
self-control to taking the rooms right
there locked up it was like tango and
can't go in don't want to ruin the
surprise but that's going on thank you
wait until the toilet holder Huba
different toilet oh I'm more done up to
it okay here we go
good luck with lettuce
gasps drop it quota productionvalue
dough yo what's that what you think that
yo doll will use us up thank you for
joining me on today I've you had a
wonderful day and tomorrow so exciting
that we got some a little bit of room
reveal I don't get to see the whole
thing but a little bit of it I think no
you should actually now I'm like nope
I'm not sure no one got to meet you got
a lot of scripts right we got to finish
the book notes and I'm excited for the
team you know I'm really excited about
it but a Google so my team building
things right now but other than that I
should be exciting and I can't wait til
you join us because you're part of the
team team Zuber obviously coops if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe thank you so much for watching
my vlog you know it's important right
now not doing any of the things I don't
care if you click on anything out here
what you do yours really important right
now loving yourself take a moment right
now in your day just pause two seconds
hug yourself love yourself appreciate
yourself deprive yourself accept
yourself for who you are that's what I
want you to do right now that's what you
should want to do right now let's do it
together
