yeah I woke up like this for sure good
morning good afternoon I woke up at 11
how mu made me some breakfast and with
myself and breakfast I had like a whole
complete breakfast with all meal fruits
and we also have eggs and also
assessments it was less less reckless
now I'm all did up because I'm hanging
to the finebros studios do some
youtubers react I'm excited about when a
million and a half that doesn't
youtubers react and then tonight is
Kathy's birthday so I'm not alive and lo
complain about this six thousand times
but I need to get my house in order and
I know you've heard this my closets
disaster I couldn't find my curling iron
I was stressed and then my makeup was
falling apart I'm like you know with
offices you know salt you want to read
mine because I keep saying I'm going to
fix these things that I don't it's
completely my fault the problem solving
today you not let me go to bed until I
see some a go-bag is a hot and disaster
first let's go react to some Asian oh
yeah cars are you full up yeah you foot
up y'all are all committed I am having a
productive day first time in my life I'm
wearing a strapless bra by choice
because my top has a slit by choice a
shop with bra I was gonna find my other
one side like makeshift well for my
choice by choice adult responsible adult
with fashion sense
releasing definition responsible adult
with fashion sense also I stuck in
defense and I know you can't see the
bottom half of me when I do youtubers
react so the top half is on point with
the bottom half is like stainless and
fashion sense
where I am were you exactly right
because I just said where I was going
but I just reacted to the fish I had a
mother F in a heart attack almost I
wanted things you can stay tuned to see
exactly what it is what is gonna come
out like sometimes sometimes sometimes
just say dude you know you already
subscribe to them you know what's up I'm
doing my last react right now gonna be
sick of me someday about something by
the way no big deal okay can we supply
my true that kinda bad back damage so
excited I just finished with the
finebros reacting and I'm gonna head
home which time is 3:30 we're trying get
some work done and we get ready to go to
Cash's birthday and then I call them
tonight you all got it I have my
audition tomorrow morning I've made a
decision I have so much ish to do I need
a mother and clone up in the joint and
you already know I wasted 15 minutes of
my car taking selfies with my makeups
all day sighs muscle rocking that day I
said this looking day by Sunday but I do
like if some girls heard her squad sent
it to me to feel real nice and I'm
saying feel real nice hugging my boobies
and how they're my everything they can
feel all soft and pink this is me
procrastinating because anyway going
through work so I'm just like up in here
like you all with seven case about that
girl this is humble pretending about
Pino Sports
almost what about wanting is full of
potential how much did you bet big
spenders hey it's right in the rent for
next year that's what's up you're gonna
win he's trying to get me to watch the
last few minutes and I'm like right now
I'm sorry I don't get football I don't
understand it NFL playoffs
one day you were going to perform at
Super Bowl in my filmography you know he
knows I thought only tell watch football
is this official called ballers and
Duane's in it okay bye f5 get back and
let me now tell you what humble and I
are friends
humble and we have to charge you for the
watching football in my house text boys
that bread where's that problem yeah
you're good but what is the reference to
all when everything in the movie yes yes
and what do they charge attack for when
they go back to LA look is it good isn't
this any time no no come on come on just
remember tax for not wearing geez all
our conversations are symptoms
references with shit alright times a
month at some problem solve this ish and
make this functional all right this is
my progress so far
boom come on wait oh wait wait wait wait
you're falling you're down you're down
okay come on how amazing right I just
need another little divider here for my
brushes other than that like first face
primers brushes I stuff lips and blush
stuff that's my stuff life though come
on
boom whoa boom and this is the same when
I get to my video I cleaned it up a
little bit there was no more orgy
happening improvements up next this
causes me the most amount of stress in
my day so we all solve this problem
right now right hang to KC's birthday
solder a massage because she's seen
break-ins in claudi's and
Lauren medals diamond grant horizontal
forgetting it Amazon also and kind of
taco trucks which is why humble coming
you guys like this Leonard oh yeah Lego
have so much work to do at home so it
needs to be or not turns very same
situation hopefully about within like
soon as we do videos memorize where the
team Ralph there's clean my room up for
sockless million cookies and I'm leaving
and I was my pocket
my pocket is in my pocket okay I'm
thinking about looking the ball
I'll see you know what's wrong you can
use make cookies if you want to get
together let them go faster August
birthday girl
this place is adorable and everything is
so wonderful and I ate 1000 cookies oh
my god hot hot mess but no worries
progress is being made back home now but
now I need to write and record a video
because I don't have any time to do
tomorrow and we're not doing things a
day off so I got to do that Sarah is
coming over Sarah stylist you want more
fittings and I also to prepare for an
audition tomorrow morning so it smell a
long one every night but I'm gonna just
get straight to work and not complain
about it and you get this is done leg up
I know I make up as much and I'm having
a little bit of break him because it's
12:50 a.m. Sarah stylish is less because
I've been trying on open to two hours
now I have to write in a quarter video
and memorize my audition for tomorrow
morning when I wake for my dish and I'm
kind of like I don't physically do all
the things I have to do because it's
like granted yeah of course I went to
Kathy's party of course if they want to
move it but like that's me on a weekend
these are technical few days off which I
don't believe in days off but it's like
I'm at a point where like if I do
anything leisure like I'm gonna pay for
it the next day it's like I still want
you to go to Kathy's party like no I'm
like I want to go to bed I don't want to
write and record my video I'm going to
do it I'm going to fix my makeup and do
it and on top of that of course I'm
going to do a video that requires a
Manjeet Singh button juice just to make
things even harder
I'm just not I don't mean to complain
because this is a blessing and I'm very
grateful how the job I do if I'm a
little bit stressed right now because
I'd really want to go to bed I don't
want to miss a video tomorrow - I have
my audiobook recording all day and I
just know it's not going to happen
tomorrow so let me evaluate hold on and
I got to do it now okay let's just do it
let's just do it
finish the intro and outro now I turn
into 1 G I mean why would you let go mmm
it's a couple months before - and I was
like read to my script memorize my lines
is gonna go to F to bed I
so proud of myself but we will talk more
about that when I get this off my face I
mean some of its real but the parts that
are too impersonal myself I wash my face
- now I'm gonna drink some water right
now gotta keep hydrated difficulty
posture Linda's heart can't open one
hand god dammit BRB now h2 Hisle hope
you enjoyed this video why am I not in
focus what else is there unclaimed or
not what thank you thank you okay I'll
just be like this I'll be interviewed
trot admit I was a bit frazzled
recording it but it's the last day I'm
going to be kind of a hot mess because
Thursday's video is done and I've
already booked shooting days and
Saturday and Sunday to make next week
easier so that's my game plan every
Saturday and Sunday I shoot and
therefore my Mondays and Thursdays or
less chaotic so over the last day I'm
kind of like this I'm gonna read my
script and then I will go to bed hustle
if you can gain anything for me if it
means anything to you hustle everyone
gets tired and everyone wants to go up
the people that succeed are the ones
that don't it's as simple as that
stop wishing stop dreaming if you want
something the only way it has to work
for it there are no shortcuts so just
remember when you want to go to bed I am
NOT encouraging you to like go insane
what I am just today you have cilantro
this well if I was doing motivational
speech like this hello I'll do a TED
talk is what I am saying though is that
reality situation is that when you go to
sleep there is someone out there that's
not right
so work really hard make your dreams
come true don't show them with them
let's go to the toilet Oh halfway there
Hey thank you for joining you on today
and you had a wonderful day what I said
I know I think everybody really do it'll
be a wonderful day and I really
sometimes I want to do more part of the
day and like - mm okay like what's a day
and be done up together but I have like
gaps a out there today while I was there
you know tomorrow without audition
that's day two a book recording which
I'm not gonna lie I'm a little bit
dreading because like it was really
pretty hard last time and afterwards I
have to get bidding like a start like
alterations us and ourselves another
meeting
I don't think there's enough time
because we do all that but and cancel my
meeting but we'll see that's for
tomorrow
i'ma read for bed tomorrow motherf and
hustle
because what's the point of cutting
fears we all have some mother effing
tomorrow make it count every single day
let go and tell that coups if you like
it so good did you notice a bro take
their Titan you good man what's going on
I'm senior a while wait in Pharrell oh
my god I know right crazy that's crazy
tell me more
oh my god say a word or it's like that
you don't USA you don't know but I think
you know I think you know you like me yo
you're so dope you are I feel like you
can I be your piece
