the great part about coming from trial
to LA is if I wake up at 3 p.m. tomorrow
time it's still only New Year's good
afternoon
slowly but surely actually I'm about 11
one hour earlier every day no improve
slowly by slowly here we go can't change
overnight it's gonna happen I took a
shower ready for my call
CIA is here you still dreamed about
super omen yeah how did you all see me
all day every day all day every day me a
very productive day after his call I
don't have any other scheduled thing so
I'm gonna change a few more outlets you
see that by the way not yet I saw it in
the bottle are you impressed
yeah let's check on babe oh so fine it
could be your lockscreen hey babe yeah
yeah you want me to put it in don't you
get what's up I have a call let's do
that hey you I finished a great call
with YouTube were suppose to be an hour
but I went for an hour 45 minutes why
because I talk too damn much y'all think
I talk too much my blogs just see me in
a meeting you seem in economy let's just
go back to this point we could just put
a pin in that for a second I want to
bring up one more thing you know on that
no no okay just elaborate a little bit
I'm so annoying so annoying we got some
chapul coming and we're gonna eat some
of that and then I got to bring my video
for tomorrow in advance is the name of
the game I'm still ironing out the kinks
of my production schedule but I'm trying
to get to a point where I do all my
videos on Saturday Sunday and that's
from Monday to Friday I don't do videos
I'm trying to get to so working out a
little bit of financials and the team
and this and that but that's what I'm
gonna try for it like I do it video
today gar do some book stuff because my
notes are due in two days I need to go
to my entire book to do fine combing of
things there's so many layers of fine
combing in ish and then I'm gonna put
out some pictures of my house and that's
what's crack-a-lackin'
how do you put a Vig here you got an
idea something like I'll do it yeah good
so what about you right now is write my
first comedy video of 2017 and I'm going
to struggle so hard cuz I haven't done
this for over a month not running a club
and every time I write my first video
about Club collapse a sub are de fa
struggle bridge n so we're gonna see
what was happened but the good news is
Wednesday and not Thursday so we have
some time to figure this out Who am I
Who am I I'm like a new person
yay me as expected massive strong will
can think of anything some changing
rooms where's your different room right
now who are you doing watching you talk
to me
mom look at you actually don't look away
team
but look at this you can't look I can't
look what they can look no you can
but think I can oh oh my god what is
that oh okay oh okay
you won't like that cheesy we can't show
you would you want light let me sit
again what are we talking about you'd
even know it don't work oh okay maybe
I'll think of ideas here say hi so my
dad is so proud of me Dad tell them why
you're proud of me I mean there's lots
of reasons but tell them why what the
one reason ebony recently brought my
daughter the only one - poor woman you
can Jimmy the USB plug without defending
anyone that's right that's right well I
had to google it a little bit but you
know yeah but doesn't I saw you googling
it Michelle it was amazing
I was I said now you can fix anything in
your accomplished just finished writing
live video and you know it's a good way
good the good I can't even speak I was
overwhelmed you know it's a good day
when Dwayne just texted me a picture
that one of y'all drew of me and him
together Bo whatever boom
Oh fetus vibes dohat full face of makeup
on a Wednesday Who am I 2017 new year
not same hustle dog with slight
improvements doe bara I'm not even
wearing a bra best day ever time to edit
this ish and need some coal it's a
poodle you know what sir you already see
what are you saying you know what time
it is your date is it's Wednesday right
now 9:25 p.m. my video for tomorrow is
done it's uploaded it's processed the
description is done are you doing what I
don't what what what I call Sarah's like
you'll guess what my videos done and
she's like oh my god are you telling you
that 2017 you have just the same amount
of hustle and it hasn't decreased hoping
she I think she was hoping I would have
decreased and I was like rah we talking
about
amplified dog and never I got it was
here knows what it as was that you know
all right now the question is do I go to
book stuff or change outlets
I think first I'll do book stuff cuz it
is due in like today so I'll do that and
then change mullets and then hang some
pictures because it's only 9:30 mad yes
only been a couple minutes is the last
blog but still alright let's let's cool
to book stuff leggo y'all so stupid I
took it all with Toronto this big heavy
thing I even work on it once mr. dog
leggo leggo leggo leggo leggo leggo
leggo can we just take a moment what is
this what is this Kyle Kyle I could
knock a mother F out with these letters
F in Kyle where the banana bread don't
wear the banana bread dough how well do
I know team super they're gonna see this
picture and say cut me in the throat
with that jawline strangle me with that
jawline with my face with that jawline
you'll run me over with that jawline
though whack me in the head with that
magnifying glass door wrangle me with
that hat remember all of these from my
girl hate copy dope artist speaking of
which mindy kaling sent me a Christmas
card and it's the same artist cuz she
also relax her spilled eggnog on my
Christmas sorry who will love me now
love Mindy's never Lea sweet I was like
really shocked all right
put these bad boys up yeah deciding
where to put the paintings is very hard
I didn't put the other ones up yet
because the frame is black and my
washroom requires like a bronze frame so
I need to get those this add two of the
same thing it this is actually big
enough to go there I see the new frame
because this one was glare resistance
because the lastest is sunny if you look
at this one which is glass the colors
are much more vivid so we find glass
here put it there this big super one one
can go there I just wish my think is a
lot of space for painting now if I also
don't want to overdo it like I know the
rule is I don't make me very / also I
don't know I'm like I can't figure it
out but it'll happen eventually get us
so far
and I know the Superman paintings going
there then I can figure this out
there's a lot of walls and then I'm like
what goes at the front of a house
besides like a shoe rack like into
google normal houses like what goes in a
house I have no idea I'm gonna bet
though I've had a really really
productive day made my video but this on
my book
tomorrow I'm actually going to Palm
Springs I've never been before it's
three hours three from LA because I am
staying there for one night I'm doing
going to a WME retreat which is very
very cool I can pack for that tomorrow
morning's I'm leaving at 3 for now I'm
gonna wash my face and then yo - dude
I'm Akagi and then I'm doing all that
stay but it's ok because you know we
know I can do them whenever you know you
know saying you know what it is you know
to this day so thanks for joining better
another day a productive as hell day I'm
very excited what everything's happened
to my home in a few days mr. K's in a
common don't replace one time and that's
gonna officially start the bigger
changes that are happening to a lily pad
which excite me and I'm definitely more
at ease than it was before I went to
Toronto I feel like more of a home I'm
chilling out a bit more I like online a
lot and I think Simon joining me today I
know how busy you many things do you be
doing anything you could be like
cheating with your boyfriend
you could be like shopping with your
mother you could be eating spaghetti you
can do it anything but you decided to
spend a few minutes out of your day with
me today right now a to three hours
woman's vlog releases my super Thursday
video and come out make sure you go and
tell the vlogs thank you tell them you
know that this was done in advance
because the blog told you the people
don't know tell the subscribe this vlog
channel would you do a slacker like that
Intel tomorrow kisses your way Coop's if
you liked it subscribe
you like it subscribe it was saying that
mimsey nike we wear a pre remember kind
of your boss and things and down to
scripts you want to watch my last love
my last video beliefs down description
more importantly everything I just said
have yourself a fantastic day more porn
than everything else I just said smile
because you're worth it
ok I know
