it is so goddamn early right now good
morning it is 8:30 a.m. I woke up to 12
it was no look like 22 numbers well I
invented to do day 1 of how to be a boss
audiobook recording as doing to emotions
number 1 I'm very excited because Alexa
my god day 1 of my audio book I'm going
to on your book before it's me a new
experience I love my book March is
coming has a boss of it number two kind
of super nervous because I heard it's a
very long process that's kind of like
lonely and stressful and torturous
because it's so T's but I will go there
a little bit tired I will put 110%
energy in humble told me some when you
record here looking at Clara Hills with
an energy go with the energy face but
it's in 9 hours long so it's different 9
hours reading my book or possibly like
the seventh time in my life but I still
love you to come with me the good news
is actually nine hours charlie for
taking me out to dinner so I get a truth
that's what's poppin Lego Orissa
wrangling with operative hours lollies
the baby here is back full fledge just
like straight up one side battler effing
up my whole life why why I love you why
okay I love myself
all right let's do this next nine hours
you ready Lottie
oh honey are you sure no sir John get
off the car that's okay you know why
because you're about to record our first
arguable okay Adam evolve right now
listen to Ronnie go all right this one
might be for the next nine hours on this
chair
come on honey and water we out here
where you quit under 10%
I go ready like like grip like to see
where boom Moya on chapter six and this
is like a new challenge I've never
experienced so much talking and you know
my voice is not stronger so much ugh in
the water and the honey and stuff but
I'm also flowing my words and my
wonderful produce is being so calm and
patient with me and being like hi you
didn't pronounce that word right I'm
like I don't know how to say it I've
learned today I don't know how to say
Vaughn what is it vulnerable I say
vulnerable but vulnerable so in my audio
book I actually got vulnerable you know
what I'm saying like I actually said
audiobook because you have my own player
it's also there's a lot of fun chapter
16 is over on right now the time is 118
how long we've been doing this now three
hours in chapter 16 challenging but
exciting and wonderful but at lunch time
that you've been waiting for me all
right John for the day were supposed to
finish at 6:00 but we have to finish at
4:30 because we're going pretty fast
we're getting a lot done and we're ahead
of schedule heart is a strong core line
my voice is so strained right now add if
you've taken grey cells like my throat
hurts my lips are dry like they don't
realize that normal conversation we need
to talk about much and read
like I read 185 pages now your saliva
starts like acting weird you don't know
how to like your mouth gets numb like
it's tough kudos anyone has done it was
really tough it's fun but it's tough and
I get to like add my own flair so you
know how I make my videos like I have
the same voice as like you know do
little stupid things with my voice and
make I think it makes it fun as
personality so excited I'm sly but what
he's want to pre-order releasing books
commas we need to go doc you're done my
head home now because I'm early
hopefully I'm up to the traffic but if I
head home show off a little bit and eat
something and then dinner with Charlize
thank you 30-minute nap before you start
getting ready
don't mind if I do I feel like I hit my
train I can't can't believe how
exhausting that was I literally am a
giant away what up I'd be lying if I
still in jail as tired as a sweat I'm
going to doing with my favorite people
so I'll wake the F up going some good
food come on with me Bernie that's the
time so sexy Charlie's bringing leading
my camera here because I'm not going to
walk there no mostly mostly middle we're
in the car let's see are you gonna cover
up at the window don't worry ladies
what's poppin back home my pants are
undone and my bras unhook which is why
the frame is gonna stay right here I am
so up and tired at a great time with
Charlie so it's been like three hours is
chatting up she's like one of the best
humans I've ever met in my life and I
just got this vibe were like it's a very
weird thing disabled if she just is so
real and so genuinely curious about
people and she's just really freaking
cool and she's so nice and she like
likes me for me and it's cheap I love
her I freaking love her oh yeah I had a
great time with her I am going to wash
my face do some emails in bed and go to
sleep because my head a certain current
dilemma so exhausted I cannot fathom how
exhausting its audiobook was like I said
many things in life I've been two shows
a day I've been a world tour I've been
14 hours shoots but that audiobook
recording was exhausting and to think I
don't do another day on Monday sweet the
producers dope everyone's cool but just
like oh okay so get this right humble
tweets the picture of the bananas if you
haven't checked this Twitter humble the
poet he tweets the picture of the
bananas next to a yellow bottle being
like haters will say Photoshop the Bears
are yellow and even when I saw that
picture like the bananas are not yellow
the still green let me show you these
are still green this was the bottle he
put in mech suit this is yellow these
are green what is our mall men just
colorblind like this is very clearly not
like if you could eat this banana yet
that is green this is who's like okay
okay really
really I guess I can't even with that
boy he's ridiculous absolutely to do it
straight up oh my god don't make me
bring home paint swatches you know I'll
bring a month
Paige watts and color match that years
goes bananas are not right by BATS
Chuck all right down just washing today
turn it top it is closed today like I
have frostbite like my nipples are
cutting my shirt I'm a redhead so you
would write mounted a very exciting
dinner first audio book and it's going
to be great I hope it's good and I need
to listen back to it to make sure I
speak English I learned I can't speak
English I can't speak English
vulnerable vuelven over bug battle aha
what is tomorrow is a still alive by the
time you are watching this right now if
you want my socials or even if you look
in the link in the description you will
see a link to ask to : lives we go up
great summation we go make it happen by
the time this vlogs release is probably
like an hour two hours from the last
problems and I've been so joined tonight
we do it back or we fun and we can hang
out and be friends and maybe you can
complete it but what was it hot and
tired of dogs at me I don't know too big
now I'm not going to bet in town
tomorrow
if you like this is that you that can
subscribe if you like good yeah all
right let's check the yellow banana some
more yellow bananas on that school is
yellow doesn't mean to Matt what else
you got yellow
this chair is yellow doesn't seem to
match this clock is yellow No
