I am so ready to go back down the time
is 2:40 p.m. I woke up about 30 minutes
ago why cuz in my last vlog I want to
sleep at 9 p.m. so that makes no sense
that's cuz I fell asleep from 9 to 2
a.m. then from 2 a.m. to 7:30 a.m. I
laid awake in my bed Restless I'm just
Restless I can't I don't know what it is
I can't get my sleep schedule to
accommodate to where I am maybe the Sun
is not strong enough I'm used to LA Sun
I don't know maybe sound like a bunch of
excuses the fact remains I can't do it
so I'm very sad to go back tomorrow
my body is killing today I woke up
slightly annoyed and well collide which
is stupid because well I'm not gonna say
2nd day of the new year because we
decided no new year new me BS but I'm a
little annoyed today my body hurts I
haven't been obviously properly haven't
been getting work done my inbox is
flooded people I just like 700 people
are asking me to do 700 ifferent things
my phone keeps going off I'm just like
oh I guess no vacation is really
efficacious was what it is but we're
gonna fix that I'm gonna eat something
when I calmly smile it off talked to
myself a little bit getting a good mood
because today I'm doing something
ridiculous already I'm gonna go clubbing
apparently I'm 19 more to come on that
and they really went to one appointment
and I was nighttime Canada living doll
that lack of sunshine that quick night
time dough we're heading home no she's
had to come over because we're gonna
party here and away on a Monday I'd like
more bun house hungry so sad just get a
quick snack
mm-hmm mm-hmm it's very stale but
delicious
how does ah mom all right I'm putting
the final touches on our year-end video
I just recorded the intro and outro and
I'm gonna release it to satisfy God you
guys are so good man
I really sounds sick this is cuz I just
like keep putting my hand in that you
know I don't care new year say me
whatever Lilly's problems when a French
woman has to go out I told myself oz
Packers like what do you forego out one
day and then I was like where the F of
i'ma go absolutely took the stuff out of
my suitcase I was like stop being stupid
and now randomly so let me destroy what
we're doing today first of all I didn't
tell them the ridiculousness that's
happening today what's happening today
is apparently I'm 21 and it's 1999 oh my
friends and I'ma was like yo we're going
to like this club on Monday and I was
like that's so stupid why and then I got
a booth in about bottles okay I thought
it would be nice to see all my friends
last time I went clubbing baby listicle
II don't have to miss the hcy
after-party that didn't count as
probably don't even think she's taking a
breath to do this whole no one clubbing
words like we like went and paid covers
just who I am
no I did Mike Howard Dickie listen
that's what I'm saying I know it's crazy
why did you go clubbing like me about at
all babe like would we took you out what
I'm I mean at least in Toronto yeah when
I'm we got the pink limo that you're a
dress that has to be the last time and
that was like that was just a yeah
thank you yeah yeah so I'm forcing all
my friend singles I think we're all
gonna go it is a tie is so ridiculous
and stupid and I'm so amused I have no
clothes to wear so now I'm just like I'm
gonna wear running shoes and not care
and we're going like this I'm wearing
this yeah you look great babe but then I
was like you know the shirt I wear to
like general meetings and like every
single day of my life imagine what if
you want me to wear this maybe right and
not Karis not mad options if we're ready
ready hey guys what cover come on my
curling iron alley I'm gonna use every
old curling iron I had here and there's
proving to be a bill that's the update
that and I pop my pin bullet I'm eating
a better another meeting on luggage look
at this one I have an idiot
crystal let pop oh crucial the cool
friendship is when you're too stupid to
be your own hair so your friend does it
for you this is not the first time
this happened back in the day they had
to my like eyeshadow and eyeliner
because there's no hado and now we
resort to this what a good friend
oh did you like coughing of course
yes I'm 19 years old
drinking of smirnoff ice judge me judge
me very hard fizzes literally by you're
like helping get ready
I know spaced off your life is hopeless
and yes getting ready we're not gonna
make it there no party here it's most
casual effing Club attire ever I don't
give it if my bow sound let alright
we're just going to come into the most
basic mr. Knight okay this is gonna be
the most basic background it's a base I
already posted a picture of the duck
face we're basic today bottles are gonna
go with sparklers we're gonna embrace it
it's our 90th birthday it's our 97 it's
not whatever trihard smile oh my come on
I don't have these expenses sometimes
we're gonna do it which is no we just
and literally jeans and like any shirt
is what if I'm not sure it's actually
her sister shirt but also her sister
decided baby
we were the light-up very focused to get
everything we don't especially you
mentioned intubation he laughed for a
little minute like we should
home
we went shopping for five minutes at the
impress record I just pressed imported
that so I'm good I would say we're
really basic really baby thing for all
of us when we committed to being basic
Monday Navy or okay yes I don't hear
we've never I can live like 2017 with my
brother you suck you are you he's really
annoying because I love him so much I'll
do anything government and he asked me
for the most annoying crab all the time
look at me I'm solid I'm tipsy and step
I beg ups and still doing toilet time
three thank you for joining me on today
I'm a little bit incoherent but not
hiccups what the hell why do I think I'm
a little bit in choir but not that Inc
weird really cool time basic time with
my friends was really nice it's really
nice seeing everyone I'm heading back to
LA in a few hours and I'm so excited
because I feel like I've been so
unproductive less should happen soap
unproductive the last few days I'm
really excited to get back to LA and get
back into work mode and yeah my flights
at 10:30 a.m. I'm asleep a few hours in
a pack and then I'm gonna head why do I
have pickups remember the head bag thank
you so much for joining man today open
you had a great day and and we speak
again I love you sending lots of
positive vibes and positive energy
if you like it's good if you like they
say be on the hiccups if something
scares you it'll go away I guess I don't
believe myself thank you for watching my
blog um we're going back to I'll talk to
you later
