come among star boy hahaha good mornig
laughing is actually one accepted today
but I deserve it I went to Venice for
yesterday but bunny kind of hurts me me
me me me me me me me me income to get a
massage dad to get a massage today
hopefully my masseuse is available
because honestly I love them so much
where if he's not available I will use
anyone elses like office okay about rock
up body for today no big deal today
what's happening is I've actually
cancelled some of my plan today so I
could have a bit more of a chill days
we've been running around the last few
days but then got a right of speech
essentially how children all laws I
think about it rewind
today I got a really speech I have to is
very important speech you in firms very
cool often people so I want to work
really hard on that I want to record my
video today is Wednesday for tomorrow -
tomorrow I'm not stressed about it like
I was on Monday it's all about
problem-solving so speech video mmm
house thank you some picture frames
I want to forgot those toilet paper
dispenser I need figure out like a
universal allen key or something like
that
there's an old family to do a lot of all
write a script because I'm a shoot
tomorrow that's my definition of a chill
day chill day a bazillion things to do
but being happy while you do it
leg up some team members coming over or
some breakfast hospitality over
everything you know that's the Indian
image of hospitality or pouring water
into this presentation bags so like okay
I'm out of here
I love oh my god it's wrath you regret
look before you say that look at the
wraps up what I love I read it but
princesses but what up
okay a little something to help create
magic and vitality you're happy and you
know what's happy all occasions when a
sentence or get completed it's all good
you're professional maybe this is so
Taylor designed and any sauna guy to do
it now he'll airplane number one there's
more now you probably open computer foot
island feature boom oh my god we put a
brown memo swimming so good you look
good morning that's level when you're in
the basement right at the first floor
and your camera got a third story that
guy let me stretch this out you're like
several hours later at 5:30 I've been
doing a lot of work I just planned out
my script for my shoot tomorrow
genderless the processing to be done
send a bunch of images to a very
challenging designer that they're
designed to the props on each models of
death will crack-a-lackin' and now I'm
going to write script out thoroughly and
then I'll officially finish one task out
of the three but makes the task so we do
have you ever work on my team you will
see demos like this when someone gives
you good news hey yo just that my
students outside of ours instead of
dirty I did the date going so quickly I
mean I will freely and I've been sitting
here for a while but I have a script and
I need to write a speech and sending a
video for today I know how I thought
today was killed but whatever right
we're going to create productivity Legos
suffer some Irish metal pieces a little
yeah you know you know get it girl get
it girl
can I just say I'm chewing the email
game today so I said that he will set
myself cancer types of a meeting and
like we said instead of 12 is your
applied Alzheimer's but in reading and I
was like when the most read is so
efficient and I posted this picture and
then my follow people look wait that's
what people look like when they have sex
right should a fact jack i'm so funny
boy I'm done which is why I'm ready
because why I did that
this is need to subscribe you know like
I wish I was over you really incredible
you want I'm going to prove your quality
of life as a guy mmm mmm got my script
here all done it is 10 p.m. I believe
right in 10 p.m. with a phone it if you
need anything
10:29 let's take a shower and then
record this video a little bit aligned
schedule open up week was Wednesday I'm
so happy with this video and I'm happy
with life in general because these are
video ideas that have had from so long
ago but I never was able to execute them
because they're not video ideas I can do
on the same day so it feels good to go
back and write data bases video ideas
and be like okay I'm gonna do this video
and expand on it mostly even better was
not the day before but so we can perform
it means I can go anymore all out you
open the game up in this joint and I'm
saying that I'm the shower team Ibaka
and get tool Kings get it good I'm gonna
do what I'm saying at the end of my clip
I just like say bunch of words because I
mean if I go hey you don't know alright
the hydrogen by the setup and effort for
this video mad after to go on right now
what's up I'm just almost done recording
my video I have one scene last and the
time eyo sometimes it it is old one
goddamn 1 a.m. step one thing left of
that single card music my makeup up
again because I gotta turn to man juice
but it was challenging to shoot alone I
try to see cameras for one scene which
have never ever done before and it was
just different than difficult to
maneuver but it was good I don't what to
look good I've not been a video licensed
so I'm kind of like
my element did not really serve it's
super funny but I think it is but will
be you should mean here well not stuff
your people but still literally one line
as we did but worth it worth it now I'm
gonna wash my hair and then I'm all kind
of fix up the guest room cuz humbles in
the land in the morning at 10:30 ish as
it happens crack-a-lackin' come home got
over again you know I'm a fool dole just
popcorn for dinner
gay I'm sorry yes Atlantis judgment want
you to wear pink page on the web again
what's happened it's about likely and
almost little bit but I haven't ranked
on the water stage was like the full
glass of water I'm not allowed to stop
drinking the water until I finished the
water this is a rule making myself so
hello let's stop what are some sob so
good though random water sauce is really
a privilege we are that today I took one
it's not one with two showers so that to
wash my hair is it a shower again I'm so
privileged and now I'm like force and my
soldiers my fancy unfortunate myself is
bringing some water think about that
this is about that privilege that oh I
haven't drank enough water today women
drink more water
Sugarbush drinking water is really hard
for you I'm not good at all I prefer
like sweeter things not great so I'm
trying to make this move myself and
please talk this for me again how
privileged we are sweet workers actually
do that about to anymore I don't have to
see so badly
nonetheless I lose music like 20 hours
of the day I honestly listen to music
during everything well I shower well I
set up my camera without my life while
I'm writing sometimes not all the time
too distracting but well unclear is
every possible moment I'm listening to
music that co physician devinwatson
10-year announced the same community
Islander in 3 on page isms I take me a
walk down memory lane she lives in the
same school to the same math I warriors
it's very very cool Michelle Jordan me I
was vegan
he seems very very cool sticker off some
schools relational same categories
dining friends cleanup I've listened to
rap revival again while taking a shower
and all his fans along some dunno
and I was like holy cow songs love me
because I'm a person of not sober and
then I don't really love and are not
allowed to go on time so we know that's
not true I do
I just I'm talking about romantic
relationships mugs of those oh my god
with Uncle Sam he killing the game I'm
suspecting me so why should I forget I
didn't get to my beach but that's okay
to the yes laughs mom I think our thing
we like you look at it with good reason
so I think I have mom tomorrow while
coming back I don't know if I'm seeing
my two room you didn't even watch my
lawn disease out with me because I hurry
up in that bottle ladies busy but I'll
go with the phone and I can see the
history unfortunately the guest room is
not done in it so no mattress on the
floor but these low maintenance like
means whether you sign right right hey
hey hey hey nothing dream in jail you
have a wonderful day tomorrow have a
shoot with mr. cake from my channel and
I have a meeting in the morning
humble van in the morning and the
evening amateurism helps us you know
wife in my videos is done Nashua maybe I
will go many of a soup this place up go
to Bed Bath & Beyond like your what's up
mom episode of about our breakfast
country because now I'm getting cursed
about red Bath and Beyond
all right side and all tomorrow scoops
if you like it subscribe if you like
this run um what up gets us bed best
beyond hana bed back beyond holla back
past beyond beyond the enema go tomorrow
and the evening I'm so excited to buy
some copies for my boss room it's gonna
be Bob
