do you believe in my nose eats good
afternoon
I just can't wake up before 3 p.m. I
wake up at 3 p.m. which is 12 in LA and
my sleep schedule is just martyred its
murdered there's boogers in my nose my
sinuses are irritated but it's ok
because I'm not sick today I don't give
an F because today I'm doing my parents
their Christmas present for me and he'll
wash my face yet I just woke up a start
blogging that's how comfortable I am so
I know there's crap all over my face
also I watched yesterday's vlog and
these do pimples I have at the side of
my face are so gross and it's so sweet
that almost no one mentioned them but
when I was watching the vlog I was like
I don't know what I have at the side of
my face it actually go randomly appeared
after Christmas I think well they're not
like pimples they're just like bumps
it's weird
so I need to figure that out yeah
anyways today I'm taking my parents for
their Christmas presents of what I'm
taking 50 ish ok here hold on let's get
him paid together this is just an excuse
to get back in bed I am taking them to
dinner downtown and I'm taking him to a
musical Matilda which I have seen I
started in the UK last time I took them
to a Latin musical and they loved it and
they will never go to musical on their
own so I'm taking him to a musical Jim
very excited but and then after that on
the way home my mom has complained
forever that she's never seen the
Toronto sign I know that's very strange
because we live here but my parent just
don't go out and do things so I'm gonna
take them in Toronto sign and take some
pictures there because she keeps saying
she wants to go there so that's what's
happening thus I'm not sick I'm gonna be
okay because today is not about me you
have no choice or to get up and have the
best Christmas present haha let go look
how dirty my mirror is Wow holy crap i'm
bobby white rhinos me again because I
don't care if those boogers in my nose
is happening what for my being sick is
no your lips get all like cracked and
gross like us the worst part were being
sick but I am ready to go my new key
yeah me I'm ready to go I'm excited
let's go check in on the rents
daddy excited do you have any guesses
where we're going yes you know what it
did whatever it is it's gonna be
excellent it oh yeah mama are you guy
says think is sure you think is a show
is you okay okay first I'm gonna feed
you two kids oh yeah yeah good god
Satur I like samosa Adam Devine clap
that's what he's Pleasant
yes there's a certain way you got to
walk sideways so you don't slip and fall
uh yeah when the windshield was so dirty
it was messing with my monster we're
here at milestone it so didn't really
read the menu in restaurants having
sodium
yeah I made a video of it but we're
picking what we want as always
understand ask the waitress like hostage
turn what's good
ready mmm
the goal is to please my dad my dad oh
oh oh
we get above the dam
welcome to Dundas Square oh cool let's
go time for surprises goo are you sure
it's all I showed you like Matilda yes
you like but tell us so good look doll
it's so good no my god it is now taking
mom somewhere she always wanted to go
but no one's ever taken her I just
arrived outside let's see well grab
popcon so the evening is done but
because of time zones of the way things
work out I have not missed the you see
pike with Rhonda and I don't even knows
I know like a life II was shocked when I
say Miranda fan because I think she's
done so much for the sport and I know it
was of a girl love but girl uh but she's
an autocracy she's dope and she's dope
and she's progressed women's wrestling
or fighting wherever you want to call it
just so much and I don't know everything
with the USC my important like I do I
don't idea what her badge thing she's
such a revolutionary in terms of like
that sport for a minutes I haven't
missed the fight yet I tweeted about in
UFC message me like yo we need to get
you to a fights and I'm like okay fill
out my Ronda Rousey shirt in LA I feel
I'm gonna try to find access to this
fight right now let go let go let go let
go I mean her fight hasn't started yet
but when it does I'm a girl I'm a girl
Yas Queen yah tell them so Rhonda lost
before you second up isn't it
you're talked about at first of all I
even tweeted this I'm so proud of every
single woman in the u.s. see because
dude I remember a time when that wasn't
a thing reason so passion about Rhonda
things I don't know everything about her
but I do know that she just made the
sport so real for women and she
dominated for so long
shoutouts to Amanda well-deserved win no
doubt about it but like shouts to every
single woman the UFC cuz it within my
lifetime that was not a thing and so
y'all bosses I don't have an F Rhonda
still mad respek still mad admiration
there's no way you can hate on Rhonda
okay she's done so much but damn that
was I feel bad for that was that was
that was damn that was something that
something the time is 1:00 a.m. and I'm
thinking that I'm gonna watch an episode
James Version maybe go to bed my nose
won't stop running no medication no
anything we'll get rid of that keep
putting like Vicks on my nose like you
trying to keep doing blocked and gonna
kiss Ronnie just anyways could be worse
could have been in that off to God my
nose given broken so we thankful are you
thinking about me I think a bit my cheek
well he knows he's so weird and
irritated yo I thought just occurred to
me because it's past 12:00 right now
even though I should say after
tomorrow's vlog it's New Year's Eve
which means like 2016 is done I feel
2016 23 well I feel 2016 just started
holy crap time really does fly gotta
make the most of it I haven't even
really had a chance to like meditate on
this past year like maybe that's what
I'll do tomorrow I put aside like two
hours to buy myself a just like think
about this year
be grateful really taking what happened
and plan for the next year cuz I haven't
had a chance to do that I think that's
really important don't do it through
Instagram out there Twitter I mean if
you wanna post up that's cool bug have
them want to just yourself as well where
you're like yo this everything happen I
acknowledge everything that happened and
grateful friending that happen and
recognize this is what I want to happen
in the new year and this I'm gonna make
it happen in the new year and that's
what I need to do tomorrow holy crap
that and wipe my nose and possibly not
be sick anymore but let's go through it
thank you for joining me on today I'm so
happy I got to take my parents I would
pleasure take them to Toronto side it
was cold as hell so I don't know if the
vlog footage just like really blurry cuz
mags like it got tore no cold well his
book is in my nose and neither to my
brain I'm gonna go to bed
thanks for joining me today hope you had
a wonderful day just you enjoy the last
day as you watch this 2016 god damn last
times like or notes as a slappy bird
time six I knew a hundred times and
never got past first code anyways in
town tomorrow the enjoyment of it Coop's
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I'm gonna put some over your
face mask on my face if you like it it's
very hard for me right now not to eat my
face because it's
if you knew you like what the f is going
on this is my second blog channel yours
don't thinking I'm thinking in the new
year I might do challenges on this
channel I haven't decided yet
because I'm not the biggest fan of
challenges if you'd like to see some
challenges on this channel let me know
and if you seriously don't whatever
about that let me know as well comment
below let me know
