hot ivan mess good morning got any wood
says 12 p.m. it's afternoon I woke up
like 2 hours ago I'm working on a script
I finally finished and watch go to a
shoot with someone I'll show you who
momentarily but such a disastrous
morning cuz I was so tired last night
you know if you watch my blog I was so
tired point to better his mother effing
people who came to pick up the table
like didn't tell us what time they're
coming so they came the crack of mother
F and Dawn and I woke up and I was like
where what and I had to go answer my
door and like find all the crap and give
to me was just like not a great morning
I was so I'm so cranky and not in a good
mood right now but imma have a talk with
myself and take a hot shower I'm single
yo I'm running a little bit late but I'm
just gonna take a moment even when I'm
running late you find you five minutes
to myself I'm gonna take it selfish
lynchburg yo it's okay get it together
get work done after all the work is done
figure out how you can make tomorrow
better de France right now we got work
to do let go okay I'm about thirty
minutes late but I can't drive play some
good music get there have a great shoot
the fingers I'm done with this have
to come home and shoot Monday's video
was just really bothered me because
today is Monday and I'm shooting on the
same day and that was one things I want
to prevent from happening but I'm gonna
not be so hard on myself because I had
the whole renovations mr. Kate thing
happening this weekend more than average
is a little bit hectic and I shot some
of the last night but definitely need to
improve definitely not happy about that
but we're gonna do it shoot one shirt
too and then have a meeting after that
and we're gonna do it all with a
positive outlook watch it is busy cuz I
hit puberty it gets busy is a blessing
and I haven't written my card so long
bro cars lagged out
that traffic doe saw my bed a little bit
later than anticipated but you know what
it's okay
because madam 1100 should I make up on a
webcam cuz I'm living that high mother f
enrolled in life that's why I could cash
money down or about waiting for some
clubbing with his gang the glam girl
right now imma show you his momentarily
I can't wait because I love him and
she's great
this is supposed to be when my 12
collabs it didn't work on fortunate but
it's gonna happen today I don't know if
this person is very familiar with my
parent characters so this is should be
fun how you feelin good I've been really
cranky and caddy - Kyle today also you
guys see that countdown on the
listingbook car I didn't tell them I
want to save that but Kyle has this
thing where he just ruined surprises
like my office I wanted to show my team
and he done texted all of them already
with the picture I was like would you
like to save some emotion for me
spreading my business bill net - you
know time for the head daddy what are
these for making sure none may know you
exist again in this world
Katy y'all didn't work person I'm
collabing with either thinks I'm funny
or mentally unstable we're gonna find
out right now she's my bitch - I don't
know we met what award should we meet I
do you remember what wasn't the right
equivalence to the VMAs it was it was it
wasn't called this is Mike music there
it is this person you know everything we
met and then I fell in love with her and
now here we are we had dance battle and
I was like so I'm not even I wasn't so
insecure ever I was like oh my god you
have a dazzle Amber Rose are your drugs
would have so much fun okay are we gonna
shoot we're shooting sucks fighting
she's mean but Angie hello why don't you
very mad at me right now because I have
new girlfriend hello I did macking on
her that's right I was mack daddy
nice whore Oh max I know she was dying
she's sweating sneezing so much she was
he's a cool guy you know she was saying
that muscle this big she never seen
before that's right okay thank you
what's poppin what's up what you're
saying that gyri everything pop it was
good we just wrapped as a lot of fun I'm
gonna
stays Wendy's and drive home which would
be interesting because when I get home
have to shoot another video for today
and when jeans one of the character
something like why I might go back and
forth and never blame enough to go back
to bottom dude but it's okay I filmed
that video and I got a meeting but yo
one down two more things to go let's get
it done
hey Cal for whenever I give you a day
off and a little extra something gross
thank you what's that what's that what's
up so we're heading home 28 minutes away
is what my mom's calling like this you
scared of me hi birthday pie birthday
they're terrified of me what having Alma
says oh it went from 28 minutes at 39
minutes okay 39 is gonna take an hour at
home take an hour my name is 619 add
that you know what I can't make my
meeting at 8:00 no matter what I don't
think I've made my okay we're figuring
out stay where you stay
how's the we'd ever seen them boys a few
days
bitch I use a walkie talkie just to get
up everybody
miss Jackie numbers I'm the one who
ripped
literally I'm gonna have a motha f'n
mental breakdown if you think I don't
swear you should be here right now them
amount I'm sorry I'm trying to get this
effing video done I cannot find my mic
wire to extend my mic over there cuz our
else's sound is gonna be echo he's not
in my camera bag I don't know where it
is there's so many boxes in my office
closet
look I happen work what's the universe I
tried so hard to hustle and every
possible moment some visibly go home fr
Freeman smarter I'm trying what the hell
and I can't do the shot was if'n fine
the wire like I don't
oh I'm trying so hard to be positive I
drank so effing hard
why why why would this be why would you
be there gah I apologize for everything
I said while I was hungry absolute
destruction I have caused everywhere I
can't go to my meeting I missed it but
it was a Sarris are we scheduled for
tomorrow because I just finished and I
really super stressed so I'm going to do
what I always do when I get stressed to
just go through my day and problem-solve
everything that stressed me out a little
bit hard because some of the things are
not in my control like I can't fix all
of the rooms and unpack all the boxes
they don't have furniture the other
rooms so I try to the best of my ability
even like this situation
I can't completely fix because I still
need to get this part of my closet done
but I mean I can fill that in so I'm
gonna try to do what I can't because I
don't want to be stressed I don't want
to reduce stress so that's what we're
gonna do right now leg up it cleaned
clean we got a little it clean here
clean those condoms are from a video
calm down everyone clean I'm waiting for
my vacuum my beautiful Dyson to charge
here
put with Christmas tree it's over there
in a box broke down those boxes it's got
a vacuum that ish if you didn't clean
they need to mop but I might not do that
tonight I said I released my video and
then stuff my room is probably messy
right now which is not good because Cate
put her heart and soul into it so leg up
conquer that tomorrow that's tomorrow
Wednesday something something so
I love em for the videos up is very Lee
I'm sorry I'm very disappointed to
myself if Anakin won't like to something
is completely my fault I don't wanna
make these is my fault I had various
weekend but maybe I should have I don't
know why woken up earlier god Leslie for
something I don't know but I'm sorry and
I hope you still like it I know there's
no bit of echo in the video I'm still
trying to figure out the whole audio
situation in my main area because
there's an echo and I'm trying to figure
out how to solve it yeah but thank you
for your patience I appreciate it very
very productively I hope you had
productively I also commented this on my
video and I like to repeat here
today's a stressful day and that's okay
some days are stressful and some days
are easy but all days are a blessing so
thank you for being part of my blessing
until tomorrow evert if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe know
you heart Kyle are you live up triple W
Lucy book calm there is an official
countdown now until the day my book
releases it I'm so damn excited have you
prereq comfortable have you pre-ordered
it yet and if you have not what is
stopping you is because is because you
don't want or isn't because you didn't
know I would ever turn loose of
marketing research key let me know thank
you
