my sleep schedule is a hot effin
disaster good afternoon so I didn't vlog
yesterday why because I woke up at 5:00
p.m. and I was like oh the day is done
my sleep schedule is so F because the
day I landed on Christmas Eve I was so
tired and took a nap and ever since that
nap I have an F because every day I've
been napping for like four hours thus
not allowing me to fall asleep at night
thus make me wake up late so it's like
3:30 p.m. right now I'm disgusted in
myself but holidays what's happening
today's my friends are coming over I
don't have many of them but like a few a
few people like eight people are coming
over and I'm excited to see them with
haven't seen them in so long we're just
gonna like chill and play games watch
movies and have a good time in our
sweats and I'm really really excited
about it so that's what's cracking today
it's gloomy outside it's been gloomy
every day I'm just like where does
sunshine now I feel like since I moved
to LA even more of a pansy when it comes
to lack of sunshine because if the Sun
is not beaming I'm like that's not
feeling first and foremost let's go be
some serious where the calendar says
Christmas is over what your feet
disagree one of my favorite things on
the planet ah
Yas Yas with your marshmallowy goodness
is evil-looking mother ever get ready
it's so pretty
see I'm an adult in life until I eat
Lucky Charms because what happens I'll
be eating it and I have to save the
marshmallows for last but I'll eat
around and only the marshmallow will be
left because I'm a child and I want to
have just a spoonful marshmallows that's
me let me know down below let me know
know about that song you know your
friends is not a when this giant bag of
popcorn gets sent to your house with
this smaller bag addressed to Miranda
sings can we just take a moment
absolutely ridiculous absolutely
ridiculous this is my friend of Isha doe
too bad you're in the vlog she just got
me the sweetest gift ever she built a
bear for me a my little pony unicorn let
me look at this come here but look when
you press the leg what happens this is
the sweetest gift ever
okay I ready so you press the leg
it's not her from seeing our video
together the best gift ever
mama sing holding it down with the
nachos dos snap son look at these two
sandy Lyon and behind her
Cindy was I'll go actually it's the visa
my dad just called sandy Cindy and now
her name is Cindy forever what up Cindy
Cindy Sunday
JD McGee oh my god Jason knows you're
both late they will fill us red nobody
make him feel so guilty with a get your
huh why isn't me Cindy yeah hey look em
up a way did that baby and we're about
to play a taboo again which means many
people will not be friends again very
good witness
I'm nervous what because I'm trust
because moving this game I'm on a team
mmm all right ready go people you can
always get three nerds where the boxes
keep going with that
no no I'm detective do you drink this
juice laughs that that's the second half
of the word in the fridge and the first
half of the color ice queen water red
water cool are you going on hey butter
yellow keep going orange water I'm going
give all that water purple water keep
going no you can do it to the moment
really remember it remember your tumblr
post capture Terry and it also goes on a
tile ish the moment you got that if you
got
and I know that I give it to you sure
that was much after time oh you want to
sow friendships have officially ended
because of taboo feelings have been hurt
you can join her team it's fine I'm fine
okay nobody's trying to call their bluff
by saying I'll take you Sammy I will I
will you don't want to be on my team guy
that's because he called her es le
station except Punjabi yeah yeah and
then chase God run assuming he's again
that's finally looked at me he's like no
I got one yeah come on you immigrant Oh
chilly the moral of a story everybody
watching if English is your second
language that's okay okay let's we're
playing an english-speaking game he's
gonna be a little bit slower but that's
okay you're already slow yes really slow
keep switching the Karthik let me look
at the French side for a formal second
boom oh good thank you not a big wad of
yummy yummy yummy yummy not as long as
sleepover I'm awake no Steven no I got
to eat the popcorn
Mia nano suck just know at taboo do I
suck I'm sorry no no I also suck oh I
bet you're getting revenge right now I'm
choking on my hair hair smells real good
but be my I'm too idiot no you're gonna
hit me with weights make please send it
to my mouth honey available it's she's
bought fake filled Reebok word don't
spit on me what the hell he just put on
a pump I hear you it's rainin pok√©mon
so I broke my back I don't know if I
remember if I told you but I moved that
table over there it was very heavy and I
told myself to lift with my legs and
even though I was saying that I live
with my back and my blower back is like
shot like I pulled something and just
spasming and just aft and now nanos
gonna move in to hear me da man is going
to Chicago in a few hours
no right answer we're correct I pass
pass we holding there we holding there
no the other one mind you same AF
nanosilver one hour before she sleeps in
Chicago I'm gonna miss you
why be like that like why million you're
here I know really rude I really realize
this later they be failing hard code so
hard some are like oh my back hurts so
damn much I think I'm gonna leak out
like tomorrow awake I'll be like like
it's spasming so hard right now I'll
wash my face cuz I'm breaking no lung
all around here and I'm like Matt
Bernanke's go said on Twitter like
another person usually an old person I
could carry heavy things all day every
year knows I'm not I just lived it wrong
that's almost I deleted it wrong that's
what it is I'm gonna go to bed it was so
nice to see my friends day I also
realized signed up to myself I might be
too competitive of a person chase and I
are both very competitive when it comes
to games so we're like life or death we
get so argumentative about rules and
stuff I'm okay with that I don't know
that I'm going to bed hopefully to what
I can wake up and I'm not like
absolutely dead and tomorrow's another
kind of leisure day where I don't have
much dude hopefully I wake up all the
Sun is still up because I haven't seen
the Sun in a few days because mostly
schedule but who cares it's the holidays
right thanks for joining me on another
day
hope you had a wonderful day in town
tomorrow yo do you want to donate to my
back foundation please click on my last
wall click on my last main channel v or
subscribe because you know that well my
back - as soon as you subscribe the pain
leaf will funnel through your internet
through my back its facts it's true it's
true anything could happen is you the
president
