what good morning right off the bat we
are in a mission what their mission
right now quality foods eating chips and
salsa great humble what's our mission
right now okay great I'll be the
responsible individual here we are
trying to figure out flights at Trinidad
Tobago for Carnival it's an urgent
matter because I have an accomodation
place that's waiting I need to forego
flight Trinidad during Carnival is legit
Hunger Games like to get a hotel in
place look like this it's crazy the
focus right now BRB typo tight find a
flight sound out wedding ring if you
need to find a flight immediately could
you at least pretend like you're helping
in some way right okay today release my
video super 60 clear my inbox write a
script and kiss a queen Queen kissed
also that Sun did not do nice things on
my face just now the drag just released
my ear and video and I'm excited because
the next upload me my regular comedy
videos resuming I'm happy to dive back
into it because of the past Oman more
actually I have been only writing
scripts for class so I'm gonna have to
teach myself how to write a read get a
comedy script for myself all over again
but for now is new super 16
Gloor okay these two that place is
literally top 10 hardest things I've
ever done my life I swear to guys little
rocket sizes what's happening right
there flight is $10 I'm like one person
$10 great then I put four people I say
total $8,000 but now why do you mean
show me the back Google Sites out you're
trying to pull a fast one I'll meet you
both literally but on a world tour I've
released a book I've accomplished many
things in my life and I cannot book
these let's try that right now it's
literal rocket science now we working
with a 22-hour stop over there you ready
go hey one two three Oh we're confirming
your booking yeah loading the whole
window nervous
I'm so nervous right now I am too
nervous right now just give everyone our
reservation another book so I'm kind of
I'm crazy because not everyone is back
working in the industry likes a lot of
my agents are still gone so like vibes
are real slow right now my inbox is not
a full already cleared it I gotta write
some video spirit I'm going at crazy cuz
I'm like I do have I have nothing to do
like I need to do something I need to
create something to do why do I have no
I can't just not do anything for so many
days in a row no working you're missing
an out do my name has three Alvin II
welcome to a very special episode of
cooking with Lily I am your celebrity
guest host today humble the poet today
as we can see Lily is attempting to cook
some tortellini past the tortellini past
originally came from country Oh totally
and totally translate to he's stopped
stuff now the secret to tortellini is
you have to bring out his magic by
cutting up little tiny red pepper in
order not to offend green people you're
also gonna have a little bit of green
pepper so we are inclusive cookies
please remember that please also note
that lily is going her red much protein
Louise and rich go towards her paying me
to be her friend and also 20 people
Charley we will donate a portion of Lily
from ourselves for the people
accordingly the main reason why passes
not boiling is because you have to put
the pastor in a pot the problem with
that is the pot is currently not clean
when you buy Lily's works not only are
you helping the people tortellini you
are also helping Lily buy a new pot good
as you can see this pot has a little
handle why does this pineapple handle
and also there's no health care in
America when we burn our hands
Trump Engel helpless oh so good now it's
time to get to work and right I've done
all feeling work I could possibly do now
I need to write I've been avoiding it
cuz it's hard it's hard when you know
right for a gap of time even if is like
a week and then you got to write it's
like a fear almost I'm like oh my god
what if I'm not good anymore let's do it
think you're struggling or go struggling
bra on the floor and all you go struggle
it always happens after 12 class like
this is not good enough this is not good
I don't have the person clap but can't
do I don't know how to be myself I can't
I was just me okay I'm not good enough
to be on camera
every night humble I've also decided to
watch a movie because it helps my script
reading and we learn from it a little
really passively watch movies always
discuss them after as well with like why
would they do this why don't they do
this scene so it's really big learning
experience but first I need to clean my
body in the shower y'all want to know
what I do in the shower don't be
disgusting right here this is what I do
in the shower when I'm in the shower how
my body would start it looks like I like
to suggestions hum well I have both done
some research of a movie you would like
to present I'm sure you did not do that
because if the athletes okay I know my
movies are you really a research one
well I was researching when you came in
the room and then now we're done here
all right our movie for tonight drum
roll the invitation I'll let you know my
thoughts on it ain't just a little bit
homeless we just watched the invitation
what do you think what's your a quick
review of the movie I'm gonna give it a
solid six and a half okay major critique
major critique is they needed to spend
another month rewriting it just
polishing it up a little bit more I got
a little bit cliche definitely dragged
on a little bit but I can understand if
somebody just told me the gist of the
story that it would be very interesting
I'm also gonna give it a solid six point
five to ten I think there was like 30
minutes of a movie that did not need to
be there the middle acts were just so
long where I was literally screaming at
the screen I was like do something
someone do something there's so much of
nothing in the middle a lot of
assignments beginning large time at the
end nothing in the middle it was like an
Oreo cookie with no filling once again
it is way too late o'clock it's like
3:00 I need to wake up tomorrow and
write some damn scripts with today we
got a lot accomplished actually a lot a
lot I think everything I said was
accomplished I don't write a script but
a Robert Roy thought starter so I'm
gonna myself the best
damn looks like to be back in the dog
mode of doing the thing that they can't
waste my whole team gets back as well
right now
Kyle's leaving left for like a week and
a half with the rest of my coming back
I'm just excited to get back in the
grind like I said for people to get back
to work
of it if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe for real if you like
it subscribe
I have a problem it's physically
impossible like physically impossible
for me to take off clothes and not throw
them on the floor look I know I could
pick that up and put that there
but I won't and I can't it's impossible
I can try but it's like gravity's
pulling me away I can't do it I can't do
it I just can't I can't do it by tonight
