I was woken up by an angel today her
name is Kate I have been closing my eyes
every time I go no wait what today's a
big day where I get to see cell in my
room I slept you today this is why I
slept like she's surprisingly
comfortable like a lot those rooms how
warm was like you know double room Reina
we're about to shoot the beginning of
this is very early up about 6:30 I take
a shower do my makeup when it's really
early and I'm not wearing either you
know why because I made that decision
was like eyeliner I'm to love myself
every morning I've ever Li Shu I'm do I
make myself that's the decision I make
this is the early morning look let's
talk sighs do you want to see the
painting color of my room
I'm freaking out man I just saw the
color by Ruben I love it I'm not gonna
tell you what it is gonna wait till the
video comes up but I don't I've never
had my dreary rooms interior decorator
for some really excited she's really
pretty excited
are you building something here I'm
sorry I'm in the way obsessed I'm
obsessed with Kate and Joey but they
picked me out cuz it drinks up to my
room but look what's arrived my rentals
let's the table we've rented for today
for the team eat it's very large two
tables put together we got the glasses
here we got to make this place look like
a team-building Wonderland up and
disjoint I feel in wait this camera is
unable to handle or your swag wait hold
on is not recording it hold on wait I'm
not recording it's not focused hold on
wait was recording the whole time Oh
what alright so they're working on my
room they kick me out I've done
everything I can do downstairs in terms
of setting up and tell they're done
their stuff to know I'm in my guest room
temporary room and I'm gonna take a nap
I'm so excited it's only like 11:30 I
think I've it up for our bazillion hours
to the kind of hub I'm going a little
bit of nap and then I'm gonna wake up do
some scripts work on some book stuff in
between every break I've been working on
book stuff so I've already got a lot
like a lot done but it's nap time at
Birth the top of my mouth so hard on the
pizza
I say pizza left for finish it and you
was hot why have you been saying this do
you know exact would happen what we burn
up burn up appears well the monster nap
I feel like I don't know what year it is
hello please translate I saw my room
it's for your final
it's so good she's so you know when you
meet people when you're like holy crap
you're so good at your job and thus it
inspires me to be a better person
freaking okay guys so good it is so
functional there's things there I'm like
oh my god this literally solves like 97
problems it was really important to
think that way yeah about a design like
has to be functional oh my god I'm so
bad she was like the cutest person ever
the episode she was so excited she
called the paint color and she was like
that's great you guys can ladies yeah
paint alone I was like this is amazing
I'm like hey guys doing more I did more
they did more because effort into it but
also so when I blog you'll see parts
remember I'm not gonna show you the
whole room cuz you're gonna see the
reveal on Kate's channel when are they
gonna see it around we know uh when is
that date but I don't know we don't
we're not discuss we have to go there
now people over there that well vote for
you and what it'll be on your channel
there is no something on my channel but
it's so freaking good all of you to go
follow Kate right now Kate where can
they call you tell them right now oh god
backlash the mr. Kate is our Channel on
putting the link below yeah because
let's be real no one ever was gonna say
open the link below it go follow up
because holy crap my leg has been
changed changed uh tomorrow
are you ready to see how mother-effing
adult I am up in this tank first of all
Rosco my boyfriend from the giant video
right here no big deal no big deal my
boyfriend are you kidding me right now
this setup are you kidding me right now
as a joke
what do you mean what are you talking
well not I think some lights are missing
in the Christmas tree by the way they're
bartending up in this drunk we got a
cookie toes what's in this thing or you
ah that's a Cosmo variation using
skittles and vodka black bullet bullet
op select top oven rented glass thing
bra what you mean team super right here
a plant bread bread bread bread such a
helpful person had our team dinner
everyone stay hide in my blog hey hey hi
this is the sober version of them before
I asked them up or here yeah yeah I'm
just wait just wait
Oh
Go Go Go Go come on you can do it baby
you can't here we go
later later with the judge not over here
filling the drink
it's not even strategy nominative a free
preview just for VHS players I'm a
cheater cheater cheater winners
so the girls won every single game you
play every single game taboo celebrity
with every game we want these losers a
lot of enough hot up in mess so I got
everyone the same gift but that brat
create cheese fair buddy no you know
where's your key at though
hey Junior we're gonna get guys one's a
little short in success that but they're
both defeat in my heart
got it from this last time maybe next
time question behind tomorrow - all day
long party that you've it I don't know
about these two games are you right
within a unicorn custom-made ring oh my
god best best I don't know not to bring
anything that is so cool thank you I
don't makeups really smudge such a great
team-building I think everyone had a
really good time I think I remind your
room the color I don't want to show you
too much some student blog normally I'm
not going to show you the room I want to
wait till the reveal I'm not going to go
into the washroom right now have some
toilet time - thick Oh diary thank for
dragging me on today I'm on the lam a
little bit stressed I feel like puking
because I'm so stressed tomorrow I've
already cusamano things do have to
really two scripts do a video go to a
Golden Globes party and I was talking
about it with Kyla and I was getting a
little bit like caddy and middle because
I was like so stressed about it but I
don't know if we finish everything after
each one it really it's my poor well
it's a decision it's a combination of
too many things to do to begin with but
like today wasn't I didn't have enough
time topic a team-building thing
realistically but I was like no this is
important as well to me they were a
really good time so it's okay we're
gonna figure it out I mean gonna finish
everything wrong now there's no
stressing is not gonna do anything so I
think we're turning in today hope you
had a wonderful day tomorrow my office
is getting down so
estatic mother-effing estatic is what i
am put if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe rise up this morning
smile with that wow I look like a
friggin truck ran over my face cut oh my
goodness how are you watching this stop
go watch something better but I clicked
links watch my last vlog no still
