I don't want to eff up your lipstick but
I'll get pretty close yeah cool it
doesn't come off doesn't come off are
you are you tempting me right now
because I will get about it okay let's
do it we won't get all up in there right
now
mmm Stephanie's kiss proof right dude
yes roll with it some you Priyanka's
voice is so hot I'm so excited - I know
you're so busy shooting your show and
stuff so thanks for taking the time to
talk to me well that makes me very happy
I'm so blushing like a huge dork right
now so I have the script called how to
be a wing woman and essentially it's a
script about when you're out and your
friend likes a guy and you have to make
your friend look really really good so
you tell specific lies about your
girlfriend that are not true I think it
would be really good with us too as well
I just want to make you happy drunk okay
that's my goal here to make you happy so
that's what we're gonna do okay good
good good bye
you know what I love about her that
she's very straightforward and that's
something like I've been told about her
as well I love that I love when I'm
people are not scared to tell me like
their true feelings she's a mother effin
boss I cannot wait you said she's a fan
of me people ask about me I'm living my
best life right now is your the thing
right is that like drunk and I have been
Twitter friends and text friends for a
while now Maria I don't actually know
maybe that over a year but we've been
like you know texted and like she
invites me stuff we were cool I've never
met heard ridiculous I haven't met her
yet
and what I've also a little nervous
because a lot of the Phantom friends but
also like she's so hot
you're she's I can't wait to hear her
sexy voice rip out his whiskey I'm just
going to get you a voiceover double with
my voice and then pick
yeah I was doing a interview with
BuzzFeed and they like unleash puppies
on you and ask the questions
yeah and she kept going into like my
arms I just did at home
not everyone brings me a puppy yeah go
back and everybody's sick of me why
would anyone name any one guy just
random shall we thought okay okay wing
woman
wing person you know what I mean that's
not very inclusive to animals me for my
where yeah mother effer gluten free get
that but here we just turned into a town
yeah I do with anything just turn into a
10 okay yes line up that nice this is
the monumental mother at your moment
right now
oh my god I could not control her and
then just feel free to get weird friends
we're friends yes sir
spicy Cheetos pick up movie okay wow you
really do need me please tell me someone
got that so I can blow that up into
posters I've put in my room
Oh was there hair blocking it no no I
just want her to lick my finger against
let me go yes you know what I think you
probably have to do again okay no
seriously do we do now yeah okay okay
give you the old fashioned okay and soon
you'll pick it up you take a souvenir
spit it back out cuz
you guys a method
spitting out a drink in my glass makes
you think them all
strange things whatever floats your boat
jump in let's see eight days going oh my
god maybe broke and maybe frozen but it
was worth it because she's lovely and
funny and gorgeous and we got along
great chemistry au naturale friends are
you Punjabi good oh yeah bring it when
don't be dope dude did you like it no so
easy a shoot I've ever done yeah I just
think Jessie fermionic person walking
this Jessie it was great Jesse Jesse put
the fossa and she spent a few me - James
man Larry Moss Punjab we put a nice
layer first class enjoy enjoyment very
fantastic
