Wow you really don't know English oh
you'll know early doable so today is a
little complicated because I've know
where it's waiting few of our actors and
show up things running late
locations didn't work out what's the
theme we're rolling with the punches
positivity will prevail Hilary's on her
way
don't do this - it's like that it's like
that it's how you pretend you're not
stress hey guys Hey Hey look you know
yeah no effort December 3:12 globs of
Christmas after December's like my
craziest month so everyone is kind of
used to rolling with the punches right
now we're just so numb what's up names
last you oh yeah enjoy um I've seen one
take to point Hillary okay I'm like you
in the wrong way I trap
oh okay kill retake these pliers and tie
my tubes right now okay let's go let's
go from the scream again just don't go
up on your tippy toes
oh I'm trying to get my uterus closer
okay funny it's just happened we're
shooting at our first location which is
a toy store and the parking meters
expired so everyone ran out of the store
to move their cars and that's like
golden blah and then everyone dipped and
left with their cars and they forgot the
person I'm collaborating with there so I
pulled to the toy store and she's like
um I hope with a gobble and Ellery does
I put them on the side of the street
just I'm going left me
I know in the parking enforcement guys
still try to keep your ticket and I was
like god damn it but we made it does
most of that beforehand now to get these
no ticket because of you trying to look
at my license plate I was like zero
emissions track that mother F oh we have
20 minutes in a long poem okay Claire
like calm down chilly breeze clear Diaz
look alive
EF says we have an amine job just
kidding okay just say Connecticut oh do
you mean English it is like oh my god
you natural we just did a scene with a
person ringing a bell and now there was
one actually here she's so damn cool
she's so damn cool and patient and chill
I love her hey I'm trying to park okay
but this book is backing up on me yeah
we're like Drake and Rihanna yeah you
can't just claim a spot for on
I told myself I would start my Christmas
shopping on September 1st because
there's over first put your single girls
with the top comet for sure that's not
midnight I will find you and so I'm just
taking over Lily's camera because I'm
standing here checking out her parking
job I'm not sure that's a spot Lilly I
think you missed the spot for electric
vehicles before so like oh hey for you
actually no but next door is made for
you
