thank you so much for being here good
afternoon it is like 340 or something I
woke up I slept in ivory
I'm interrupted sleep again I'm that's
why I'm so excited to go back to Toronto
my sleep won't be interrupted here it's
like I get packages I got ash the door
and people calling for this and that but
it's okay because it's technically still
12 collab season that's all good I woke
up with a little bit headache so I tried
to sleep in I just washed my hair with
relieve my headache a little bit you
know that try not to sculpt and now we
are reason 12 collab stuff in terms of
editing in the final transfer you mean
yeah and then a bit I'm gonna go I have
a call in 20 minutes and then I'm gonna
go Christmas shopping which I'm very
excited but I got some dope packages
also in the mail my publisher sent me
amazing where's the milk oh my god array
of handmade English chocolates Derek's
gonna steal all that my candy for see
this biscuits we got here I see mints
just a whole buy just fabulous of I'm
being spoiled by skip a productive day
is not gonna be productive to the extent
where like I'm exhausted because I'm
gonna be a little bit chill watch some
TV be leisure but I am in a Christmas
shopping done cuz tomorrow I'm flying to
Toronto I'm so excited I think got my
mom and I miss her so much
yeah I miss my mom oh hey oh hey that's
gone that's gone great great wait for a
file I think I remember what Derrick
looks like he's not falling asleep on
the charity one and already thinking
about me about you yeah cuz I see oh
yeah what's thinking buddy when I boys
thinking about you let me get you some
lemonade err yeah that sounds great give
me sandwich oh I get you a sandwich boy
I get you a sandwich boy alright I'm
done my call I'm gonna go start my
Christmas shopping again so Derrick just
told me that it's absolute chaos and
there's so much traffic and everyone is
like in disaster mode so this would your
gonna be Armageddon right now anything
to prove I love people by buying them
gifts come on
one of the sickest things about having
electric are those spots that are for
electric vehicles only smooth level also
I've left me a hair type re foresee this
being disastrous awesome happening so
natural no makeup kind of day just love
on myself too everday not me let go so
one must ask herself was that Christmas
shopping or just shopping for myself to
the most expensive items like all to
myself but what at them okay wait for
say ready for this monopoly but Game of
Thrones edition maybe it was sixty bucks
whatever but that's like a that's an
investment I also have no board games at
my house and also I deserve it and also
I bought some people some pretty cool
stuff I brought something for action
aqua safe just in case I watch my blog
and I don't want that awkward thing
we're like they think that by me again
cuz I'm very like this like I don't
necessarily know by people guess whose
Christmas my season and I'm like oh this
person will really like it if there's
something gifts I bought and you were
like I mean that person I've never
exchange gifts for Christmas but I'll
just like they would really like this
so that's divine I think I'm gonna go to
like our target right now cuz I need
some like soap and other home things
let's go look at my car and it's so low
spot like a lone wolf
so I decided instead going to toggle
rain I'm gonna go home first I'm so
hungry and I'm gonna wait with traffic
to calm down before I go to that stroke
is kind of crazy the real reason is
actually that I missed the turn and I
just don't want to make a u-turn so I go
home fresh and going a little bit rodent
and did it and didn't didn't didn't
didn't didn't digit come on that's a
good purchase okay this is one of my
rare times I'm not a cheap person and
I'm like I don't care how much you are I
need you it's kind of actors edition and
I love monopoly and Game of Thrones
monopoly it's like come on this is the
first board game a veloute pad have so
many board games in Toronto and I don't
have I just realized like I have any of
those fun things here until like rebuild
my home because in the previous lily pad
like it was very homey I made it my own
but like there's a lot of things I never
purchased cuz I was like it's not my
place like things modifications I want
to make and just hit me J I'm like this
is my home that's my Christmas tree
right over there that blurry blurry
Christmas tree that's mine this is my
board game I think he's like block out a
week in January I'm like no I need to
make this place my home now and alter it
because I'm able to that excites me same
thing didn't enter it and in didn't in
yo just release my tent clap with
Miranda sings getting freaky on
Christmas and she pulled through for me
because present clap with cancel she
pulled through I wrote that script in
two hours got it done and every time I
upload my videos ass actually also watch
them but then I get word of like other
people and so it's so weird I get weird
if other people watch my videos in front
of me if I shot them myself but if I had
a crew that was there when I shot it
anyways then I'm not weird very weird
my brain is stoked oh we're so blurry
hold on very animated buddy
anyone okay I'm also variety but candy
corn Oreo I cannot get on board with
this that is sick sick you like it I
don't like it I don't like it only like
to impulsive purchases only to that's a
massive improvement and basically an
adult professional I'm basically a
financially responsible installed
physical and wise to recording herself
she's blonde hair so what is she doing
she's like crazy person I'm not going to
but I'm basically a responsible person
is the motive story alright so how does
it feel like to be with you when people
are talking about me it's like to us
like what no not a bad way usually
people don't say bad things they just
like oh my god a separate girl for you I
thought my friends boys told me it's
weirder for that was weird for me
because I just have learned to like it
used to but my friends are just like
when people are talking which we don't
come up cute I just want to go up to and
be like can you just go up to do you
feel that way
uh-huh true Bethenny like concrete
feelings about it okay
pretty pretty flexible there you have it
actually 90 of the words just I was
doing that we're heading back home it is
848 about four frozen pizzas and some
coca-cola
I'm little F right now I'm going to
watch some Jane the version eat some
pizza and then I'm going to unpack some
boxes I actually don't anything do to do
but I'm feeling that like you know as I
discussed earlier the home is kind of
like not homeless yet so I'm like any
small thing I can do that when I
returned back from Toronto there's like
minor improvement that'll make me
happier for example a soap tray for my
shower all these small things will get
toothpaste is like running I need more
to like all those small things to make
my welcome back home
table the environment you set up your
night
I mean yeah yeah get a butler no I don't
want a butler
I'd like to clean and stuff it makes me
a human you know it's true she does like
to do the dishes I'd like to do the
dishes I do as a cook I make frozen peas
at all time I put the dishes away did
you notice that did you yeah thank you
now you're employed in the wrong space
I'm not gonna fix everything god damn it
no I'm careful you see me come on I'm a
perfectionist welcome to cooking with
Lilly
okay go can you open the oven for me all
done and I still needed help when you're
cooking had one step and you still effed
it up no I mean he's well done I'm still
trying to figure how to use the oven you
know so we're we're buttons stuff but
like you know it's like a Batman villain
a two-face huh you can't be good in
everything
hey wait for this thanks for putting the
dishes away Diego how did I do great
good nailed it you can't be good at
everything
wait dude can I just say I'm not just
saying this Beach is a friend but Jane
the Virgin is such a 10 good show and
prove up this is like I only started
watching it after I met Gina because how
I roll I meet someone and I really like
them
then I'll get way more into their art
like even though youtubers i watch it
all people that I like and that's how
you're really passionate because I know
someone's like dope and realize I need
to support what they do like it's like I
need like if I had a choice of any show
no after watch Big Bang third cousin
Kunal or like Gianna virgin cuz of Gina
like that's just how I roll her has
happened like that but Jane the version
is so damn good it's so good that's my
girl right okay now that we watched a
big binge watch some TV we are going to
unpack I was blurry that whole shot I'm
sorry we're done pack look at this
camera can't even pack good thank you
we're gonna unpack a little bit and get
the place a little more order right
right let's do it let's do it this is my
plan of action when you soap dispenser
look how about me who put in humbles
like not humble but the one who washing
is gonna use I can't stay here because
it's the Indian themed washroom but look
at this humble with the hint of Kanye
isn't that amazing so expensive just to
but I can't go in this wash
with indeed the washroom and I'm sorry
just as global theme so we'll be
downstairs at an office
anyways what I'm doing is I am going to
clean every room for the most part I
make a list of things I get to buy for
the room very specifically cuz I'll be
getting this old trick a book wait what
the colors in the washroom again so now
I'm going to stand in each room and
decide like okay what are the colors
here what color would that interview to
write it down we're making this at home
people were making this home standing in
the bathroom cleaning awesome bathroom
right now hot in the washroom cleaning
section for a while trying to decide
between a washroom cleaner and I picked
this one you know why
so fifty studs no huh okay I'm using a
washer for the first time it is
literally a computer you look up with
your phone and like it's just there's so
many options go washer you can do it so
we can't find the box of towels anywhere
should have seen it a hundred times and
now the entire box of towels my rainbow
beautiful towels I missing someone's
father my towels are ransom basically I
don't know where they are
I've searched every one I've seen let us
see never have I know in Crete he does a
box assess linen closet in here I think
my parents were just all in it their
name closet stuff figuring out this
situation is we're just discussing
doesn't have doors I'm gonna do but
let's look at this situation so damn
QWERTY it could be your lockscreen
hey hey I was trying to get you singing
that oh that's trying to get you to
finish thing in that song oh hi because
you're doing such a good job no I
thought is really good now is it here
sing it everyone wants to hear you know
the fun of me I'm not that's good you're
singing to envy boxing I think everyone
wants to hear that yeah can you just do
a quick view bucks for the head of song
was my shot and then that no fun not at
all
see I told you my father goodbye dad
look that clean washroom right there so
I know if I mentions the previous vlog
but these things are so hard to clean
because they don't like cave-in they're
completely flat so when it's dirty over
here is like impossible like it doesn't
just naturally go that way I'm such a
look at me underdog complaining about
the shape of my sink oh my god who have
I become
whoever I've gone as the vibe it's not
clean n ting not a vacuum inching when
I'm up you have a big Jan one stupid
time you know let go let me put some
coconut oil on our face target I think
you're doing things I could put here so
I promise I'm on it cuz of right now
we're in the white matrix thank you for
joining me on today I believe your day
watch TV went shopping the home was
already feeling more like a home a
little bit still a lot more work to do
but we're getting there tomorrow I'm
going to I know what I'm gonna do my
childre a phone that's what I'm gonna do
how come on never ice cubed and Arctic
what direction use Antarctica's more
trial tomorrow's go freeze I'm afraid
I'm afraid I don't want to jacket here
burn but everywhere else going back home
12 stops what's crack-a-lackin' hope you
had a beautiful day not more if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you haven't checked out my
collab with Miranda sings yet like in
the description go and do that you'll
remember when I said the link is in the
description yes was also right there
I just clickable links to know how
coconut oil my idol the same also my
newly washed sheet I'm about to dive in
right now they
