you're gonna make it stupid
let me do it oh my god you reckon you
know who I'm shooting with today you
already know because she done tweeted it
but that's okay really imperious action
don't care at all I did not tell you I
got really bad no completely my jaws
like today reveal a secret I totally did
on this one saved my life as a prisoner
supposed to collaborate with today
cancelled on me and last one I was like
who can I call I don't know which is my
president call where I could just be so
straight I would be like I need you to
do this for me or I will die
and I was like Ulta you're totally
unlike everyone cuz I was gonna collapse
with you like a couple months ago and
then I had to cancel is that true oh
yeah yeah of course yeah that's why yeah
look at this shark don't anyway I would
have done it anyway regardless of I owe
you something yeah I know I where it's
the only thing it's like a closing up to
a unicorn a little bit yeah I feel like
that's a unicorn it's like I wanna be an
important and I wrote this really filing
Club oxygen I just wanted so funny you
guys are gonna die not good yeah right I
think that looks right we're we're
basically kissing right now because this
is a lipstick I just used let me know
when you and your friends like this I is
this not Armel is the other thing people
do detail work oh yes yes I do think
that will work
take dolphin no I'm not gonna try the
sexy style too
there's something happening in my pants
commitment my bandages are cause one
buys it pretend like your hand is in
your face like your king like that one
Delta tick for marker again I'll just go
for my life for this little time to sit
down because then people won't know how
the laptop open mom yeah yeah let's get
you stepping up into spots for you first
time tell me it's funny almost cool I
don't please hello please
I've actually got a copy Charlie are in
my neck ugly can you see me it's not a
working for me I am getting choked very
bad okay one more time maybe a little
less movement so we can breathe I'm
getting electrocuted okay what's your
motivation yeah action you are you ready
and you're like yeah
ready this reminds me of my daddy saddle
do you like not turn girls like oh my
god oh my god there's just so many
thoughts running through my mind like
how old is Miranda like what is
happening Lilly's right done we drew it
how was it being Wendy oh so cool
something on a sausage that weighs
though I might have added that okay I
think it's all better patty
oh my god I'm sweating because a Lily
likes it a million degrees and
everything to my house you get mad cuz I
played really awesome Louise and cold
like I have to dress like bring an extra
layer of clothes what does it make sense
now I am always wearing like six layers
of clothing oh yeah her ass is freezing
I got to mentally prepare I love her
Coleen I love my friend√≠s King Llane is
na Nana na na love she make my heart go
like this whether the sing she defined
hmm
