good morning just finished tweaking the
edit when you're watching this you'll
know my cloud I came what yesterday okay
today for me right now is bridgit
mendler my sweetiepie my friend
you might know her from good luck
charlie she also has a great great music
out Atlantis just I'm so tired
know right now I'm on my way ago she to
clap my last collab I am running very
late but it's okay because they have all
the extras and stuff that they can shoe
first I'm painfully tired today so I'm
gonna tough it out then I'm gonna come
home oh and I'm going to get such a well
deserved massage I'm going to sleep -
I'm gonna sleep in we just got a tough
it through today top right through today
definite do today look at this look at
this okay so I have done half my makeup
but I need to go now because I need my
car for the first scene but I decide I'm
gonna stop vlogging like I'm tired to
stop vlogging like I'm dying
my camera is falling imma stop vlogging
like that because that's what week
that's what's making feel tired I'm
gonna vlog how I want to be so I'm
excited I'm energetic I am so proud of
these 12 claps this is the last one
we're gonna finish with a bang with
positive energy I make a new friend
today
it's okay from tired I will sleep later
I will sleep later
oh person behind me is like yes the
person in front of me is having a
seizure
so I didn't account for how dark it's
gonna be in this parking garage and I'm
doing my makeup and super super dark but
you know what we're not about
complaining we're not in the business of
complaining we're in the business of
problem solving so i'ma use my camera
like come on hey I'm a few shots away
from being rapped my twelve collapse of
Christmas a person I collaborated with
was sitting right here but we wrapped
them I'm a few shots away I might
actually be rapper in arms wing phone
call it I hiked 2065 glass Christmas of
soda excited these updates won my
stomach is hurting and I have crammed so
I might be in my period although I'll
crank the date must be real I never
follow my period so I could be
completely accurate abut you I'm so
hungry maybe that's on my stomach is
hurting actually 28 years old still
another difference being hungry in
period I'm hungry I'm tired I gotta go
home I get a massage you're gonna eat I
gotta chill over to watch so much Jane
the Virgin so much of it I'm really
really excited so yeah they don't talk
anymore we don't talk in except we do
all the time every socially a few
minutes ago when I said that we're like
on the last shot I forgot that I believe
my house and she's the next dish but
like a loss welcome to reasons I love
Kyle number one as I was leaving today I
don't my house is in a rush I walked
downstairs he had my backpack ready
impact he's like here everything you
needs in your backpack I walk out the
door I come home happy more shoes at
shots to do I'm exhausted right now he
has the DVDs I know he knows how to take
to Toronto cuz he's leaving tomorrow as
well he has things lined up my pillow is
a book it says take this on trip with
you organ Kyle I love you I love you so
much I love you shut up all you
wonderful individuals shoutouts
shoutouts shoutouts shoutouts
y'all killed it well collapse friggin oh
yes oh he turning into Godzilla
let me give you a tutorial on everything
w wedding in the next 10 seconds ready
yay is that something so cool set me
please fans and you set me
so you observed a good length off you
know it's not too sure what's annoying
comes off too quick and I rate this
Lowry Jersey Toronto number 7 within the
card blue thanks for being an NBA fan we
want to send you a small gift to
celebrate December 25th is one of the
big states on our calendar and marks the
start of NBA all-star voting join the
conversation with any book vote happy
holidays we were going mother really sad
kind of leaving me he thinks he has a
life would be allowed to be and he's
dancing there he is going where are you
going home is going home and I'm not
gonna see you until the new year
yeah maybe but maybe maybe who knows
yeah I don't know what I'm gonna
actually know I pop up yeah I don't know
say bye to team supervisor do you know
my god when I go back home you not gonna
see a white person playing a long time
up in LA I'm just surrounded by type of
mom Assad if already my masseuse because
now on tables not to call for flight
stairs bad babies again so surface
massage missions and my feet my legs
broken kappa / why not like a dog
I'm about to eat this entire box of rice
krispies right here watch my third
episode Jane the virgin why because I
can because I've done shooting the
collabs look at this list well shall we
read all right what's cracking dope i'ma
go to bed watch the bunch of Jane the
Virgin so my head is trying to hurt a
little bit she's weird because it wasn't
hitting before I got a massage now her
you know things we got new Ethan I got
my neck massage you're like triggered
something I don't know I look on mother
effing hot mess disaster I look like a
truck ran over me look like a
hippopotamus stepped on my face look
like ready let's go to the toilet hold
up hold up hold up twelve crab done and
tomorrow I'm gonna unpack some stuff I
am going to never has a little bit more
in order and then I'm going to the next
day I'm going to Toronto so if Rawls
kind of day one day alone the house
rugged to life just sort it out because
there's crap everywhere everywhere and I
subscribe I don't be like the clouds are
coming up when you're watching this
today a new club would claim oh because
the clouds come out every day today
tomorrow New Year's Eve a New Year's Eve
Christmas Eve I'm tired okay I'm gonna
go to bed hope you had a great day
thanks for joining me on the hustle
until tomorrow
hoops if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
yo I need to decorate this washroom coz
it's so plain it's so plain we're in a
vortex of kindness plain canvas
