my body is broken no no no when you had
to drag Lily out of bed that's why I
said Zed nosies we just drink apart -
yeah
coming soon to a theater near you - The
Hobbit 3 good the second-last glove a
collab tomorrow
okay so I've locked myself this room for
my phone on 7 strict do not disturb I
finish the script for today's club it
was tough to think of but I need some
help from the person I'm collaborating
with because I need their expertise on
the matter so that's what's happening
wedding shower I have so much work to do
it's ok Oh dick shower we don't get it
done is busy as a blessing huh this is
nothing this is bliss ok why I should be
doing stuff she's starting an hour crews
are already ringing my bell
everybody in 30 minutes so I need to
shower ain't you my makeup and whatever
I do I can I have others names
do you remember this vlog is just me
being tired my shins hurt so much you
know I'm not even blocking myself now my
shins also hurt so much and tomorrow
after my last shoot and go get a massage
maybe a 90-minute massage
not even 60 90 minutes and I'm gonna be
so happy but I'm really happy with how
the clubs are going you're watching this
right now today yesterday I released my
club with Tia and Tia is so wonderful
it's so weird because I grew up watching
Sister Sister and everyone thinks we
look like sisters and I was like oh my
god this is kind of amazing she's so
lovely so genuine boom location just
back to other location like we're just
driving in my car together like friends
it was just so cool so I hope you
enjoyed that clap also oh ok just one
minute just one that promise and one if
you don't see any vlog in one minute
beat me up oh yeah
you don't really know but one minute one
minute ok that was 8 minutes let's take
a shower
alright so the person I'm clapping with
just left a wonderful awesome time it
was
funny and I were picking up shots of all
the other characters that are happening
what time is it anybody time time 5853
everything's going great I from about
this video I got to do my rant portion
from yesterday's Club so it's still a
long night that's okay you know what cuz
this is the second-last yep everything
is out of focus everything I went
against this thing and this thing cut me
hey that's me bad man I don't know my
bandages are so good nose oh this is the
story about Kyle we have a bazillion
bananas at my house cuz every time we do
a collab these people combined pounds of
bananas for the guests and that was not
good every needs to eat a banana and
he's like no let me please these bananas
because what did you say good I'm gonna
make a banana bread you said these
mother effin bananas have been in here
and I asked - when's the last don't call
me banana bread or his answer was never
this whoa it doesn't me you gonna make
banana bread and he's lying
you lying how to make it how do you make
it you mix it with some sugar flour
baking powder put it in a pan I come
back next year and these bananas are
still here our resolution will be to
kill you I will end you quite enough
good to know there's gonna be the time
the time banana bread beautiful or lack
thereof stays moon about superwoman I'll
teach you about superwoman
Lily ain't funny is what that stands for
there's no add one word ain't funny
can't make banana bread doesn't know
English can you tell us what you just
did to your ice cream please I poured
orange juice on you for orange juice on
your ice cream yeah have you ever had
Orange Julius it's delicious this I
can't even comprehend with why you do
that it's the tiny sweet and the sweet
sweet of the ice cream so hey you can't
you don't have to show everybody that I
eat ice cream I can't feel guilty about
setting up to shoot a rant right now
Christmas tree a little bit of this
going on ittle bit of that going on that
production value though we're gonna swap
a lens and I'm gonna record my ranch for
tomorrow's club that Pablo is gonna
color like a G and that I'm going to do
some tweaks to before that hat
burn book wit Derek did but mike has to
be close to me so he like genius Stefan
genius I'm surrounded by genius people
okay done shooting i'ma edit this ish
it's about 1:30 or 2:00 a.m. right now I
do have to wake up relatively early
tomorrow because I have some
installations coming for the house I
mean the window was 8 to 12 I could come
any time in between there but I also
have to start shooting at 12:00 means
ever get my like do my makeup I like 11
ish I should get some sleep soon but
things need to be done prior to that so
we're gonna get to work and not spend
any time complaining or whining or
nothing nada
I miss nada so it's for I am supposed to
have an 8 but hopefully the inspection
people don't come at 8 obviously waiting
for a file to be sent to me and
transferring files are just the bane of
my motherf in existence Derek is napping
right now and also wake him up when I
finish putting this together so we can
color it it's okay final stretch
tomorrow's my last glare a stretch
teamwork makes the dream work ha
it's that time when weird no no no no
weird yet am I getting their para
lanyard now you're not weird yet you're
still in work mode come on out look at
mom the work mode I say you're in ok no
cake this mobile by God look at that
mobile on my elbow is it movable I'm
gonna go to bed likkle Christmas
shopping to off maybe I should do like I
handled Soleil if I Amazon Prime
something can be heard two days which is
when I leave so I kind of have to or
some stuff today then maybe right hey
that's a stupid support decision though
that store a store I was pretty cool
when I was in Tia there's a lot of cool
stuff decisions but to the toilet do it
I'll extract home stretch home stretch
home stretch but we're gonna do this
wedding kill hope you like the Romanian
claps um when I tried to get was really
really cool and i'ma show you tomorrow
be fun as well finishing - I've actually
never met the person so I'm really
excited to also make a new friends
that's call me don't think you're
joining me on today I am also excited to
a one go home - I'm excited to go get my
blood looks like to speak English is
your heart literally new English but I'm
excited to know what I've vlog in a date
of logs have been a little bit off
recently at least in my opinion because
I vlog so much the person clapping with
and then I have no gauge of how much
I've actually blogged how much footage I
can actually show you so it's been a
little bit of a little bit of this a
little bit upside Andy but at least I
hope you had a great day thank you for
joining me on my day saying you lots of
hugs and kisses and tells morrow if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe what's up no one kissed you
living under a rock and you don't know
what's poppin you see these legs down
there you can click them even if you're
on your phones if you're on your mobile
device right now you wanna watch another
loved one I subscribe this channel I
want to watch her main channel videos
all these things they work they work
going to click it got out of that tip
your life is ha clicking like that
