where we're going to see today's money
do the two of this Tuesday's talk but
it's 250 today are we have a jam-packed
day actually we don't I'm just saying we
don't have a jam-packed it once you shut
up and tell the mission that's trash my
parents to this set of the Big Bang
Theory because my mom loves the show
some would show her some Sheldon and
some ride some coupon I also need to get
some curtains because right now this is
what I have to do I put a white board on
my window my pupils are getting fried
today we're gonna get our life together
first and foremost we're gonna maintain
this beautiful frame of me right now
where does pimple is highlighted is it
good is it good
where are you going dressed all colorful
today were you impressing yeah you're
trying to hit up my mom every chicken
last night nothing to make you are other
shells to send you're getting naked it's
that movie's dope our Force Ones are you
ready to not just Air Force Ones ha ha
ha ha
well a whole lot what could make a shoe
even better
oh this right here the force is female
feminist sneaker what is that the force
is female on the back come through BAM
your last day in LA makes I need to go
back to the cold no I'm gonna ask you
questions the answer as quick as you can
ok say one word to describe me awesome
one bad word to describe negative words
but your favorite thing about me yeah
everything what's your favorite part my
house everything know it name one thing
I don't like about yourself
ok what you need to open ok I need her I
need curtains what's your favorite thing
oh yeah what was I like as a kid cry all
the time get what you want by find what
did I like it yeah now we're friends
no yeah I I'm gonna meet him - how are
you yeah where we going this evening
oh there you have it I lied from the
source just went through my inbox give
me points here trying to I don't know
dying to know how does Lily go through
her inbox I really want to know here's
what I do I go through my entire inbox
and anything that requires a task for me
to do work and it's not an easy response
I write it on my notepad and I keep on
to all my emails why say parkour parkour
parkour parkour because urgent that
requires a media attention once I
figured out but there's not I go back
and go one by one by one do my notepad
to make sure I address all of the things
I know you were dying to do and now you
know yo since y'all you right there
since you the vlog fam I'm gonna show
you some sneak peeks of some murder
pictures right now I will show you my
favorite more fire
byah byah byah byah misako just touching
up your girl right here
did I tell you today I woke up at like
9:00 something I've been killing the
game was sleeping early and waking up
early on the road of sleeping I'm gonna
take a 30-minute nap y-yeah I woke up at
like 9:00 that's why this one's not
available because people on my team was
like no one's gonna want a red hoodie I
love red so I was like I like this just
exclusive piece for me I'm headed to
take my parents to the Big Bang Theory
right now unfortunately I cannot take
you because when you go to tapings of
shows they take your phone they take all
cameras I don't you have any of that
stuff so there's no possible way I can
vlog or take any picture to do a thing
Oh shouts you can also bring this happen
my mom is so excited she's just
absolutely the Big Bang Theory so I
guess I'll see you in a bit
my mom is a very simple person to please
she wanted one thing and that's a water
bottle and she got it who would you like
to thank liked your speech mom here we
go awards that you'd like to thank God
your daughter must God yeah Reuben okay
they saw her bar oh okay okay
no what's God Reuben God there you go
bro cos when your sweater matches your
new and I do the picture Sheldon Sheldon
cher boom was right there
and my mom's Kunal boom was right there
could not look so handsome
I know though so hand dad you like it
yeah excellent what do you think what
were your thoughts iPad you know these
guys put a lot of work it looks easy but
it's not easy what you guys do I my
hat's off to you guys yeah whoa
thank you thank you come on my mom also
like the host of the evening I've never
- mom laughs so hard like kid in a candy
store especially when like Sheldon Jim
Parsons you know like straight up no dad
that mom and dad are leaving tomorrow
morning they're packing which means that
this guy right here I've been hearing
for the last hour is you I need a
sweater for so-and-so I need a sweater
for bill Bob Joel I need a starter for
our cousin's boy there's nice I need a
merch sweater for F&R dogs cats
neighbors brigands sister-in-law that's
what's been happening back there tell
them to buy it
Indian people I swear my dad's a type of
do to see strange lustrum led by dr.
superwoman you weren't expected no
problem I'm gonna happen really yeah
what do you thinks gonna happen to will
the sick kid right now
I think he's gonna turn into something I
have a feeling all right we only made it
through two episodes two more to go but
we're too tired we can't do my mom we'll
have to watch the Monro and shop to
learn how to use netflix and watch it at
home somehow someway I've exhausted
tomorrow I got a job and parents off at
the airport in the a.m. I got meetings I
gotta do a bunch of work so let's see
how we did today
oh how quickly if you want to buy some
Valentine's Day merch February 1st is
when it launches how's that pursued in
Helmand if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe these pimples are
slowly slowly fading send this side like
yo you can't have a pimple this face
that's stupid if you're gonna disappear
let me be a mountain over here wow
that's a really attractive shot of me
Wow should be my freakin tinder profile
Wow
