mother effing Christmas on deck Merry
Christmas
it is Christmas flies are so fluffy
because my nephews are up so early his
Santa left presents the one bad thing of
a come from Valley to Tehran dose is 9
a.m. here which means it's 6 a.m. in my
brain in LA so I'm like Santa dude what
can Santa come back down and come a
little bit but it is Christmas first on
a great day with family I have a
Christmas dinner with my whole family I
have a Christmas dinner American English
is over of a Christmas during my whole
family but Volcom presents right now I'm
gonna brush my teeth
it's a nice so much junk food I'm so
excited like a stop dog ah that was nice
thank you
what is it at a CD player a CD player is
the best gift ever right whoa what'd you
get ah not the Christmas dinner
very good I'm gonna Bob be buggin what'd
you get I want fishes to sleep yeah same
so in LA at 6 a.m. right now everyone's
smoking on my Christmas Rita my
christmas this is the gift Santa told me
has to go to poposaurus
and that's you this is your poop asaurus
gift just for you ok make us miss only
Bulbasaur's Oh what is this it's a fart
gun why
you get gangrene fun fact mind me bought
this for a video and then had to search
for it all over again in Toronto
Lightning McQueen remote-control car
Cooper sorry excuse the shopping success
I'll be back open it together comfort
all my gone again Merry Christmas Mary
yes but my parents have bought my
nephew's 700 gifts also this is the same
one for my video and I had to go cooking
again because random who in a piece like
our like to explain knows like exactly
so well Santa must be balling this year
when just just everything on the planet
getting in the mail gave my sister some
cake for some glamour over here and I
gave item channel art me and nada and
team super Russia
what about out we're designed you to
some channel art I'm so excited I'm so
excited to use it it's gonna be up there
it's gonna be up there really really
soon it'll be up there hopefully shortly
after my 2016 wrap-up yeah basically
Tina's gonna vlog more in the new year
well no there's new blog Monday
Wednesday in certain weekly I'll put her
link in the description go check her out
can be great it's gonna be great
data Christmas breakfast about to go
down now are you making warming
scrambling baby oh you know old theme
family air okay well you mom are you
making pancakes scrambled eggs on deck
okay okay we got some berries some fresh
berries right here we got some bananas
we got some yogurts and spreads that's a
kid's cutlery on deck you know you got
Aunt Jemima up in the hood blessings on
blessings on blessings on blessings
Reggie does he
taking a nap by being crazy back
alright thanagar that nap time I'm
attaining that because I don't retire
later when we have Christmas dinner and
probably watch Christmas movies tell us
you can nap after eating the best kind
take a moment
oh it's fell down stairs almost let's
take a moment to remember how blessed we
are for all like gifts under tree and so
much food and there's like people in the
world I don't even how close to that so
we got to be thankful share especially
in the holiday season donate share spend
time with your loved ones make a count
and with that I'm gonna take a nap it's
like four hours later I took a four-hour
nap does that I don't give it away over
the wall ever want myrrh Christmas
doesn't say happy Christmas like a rough
happy Christmas but now I'm more like
disoriented but my niece is about to
come over and Christmas continues for a
long nap
Santa would you get let me see this a
Barbie but a dr. Barbie that smart smart
not that other occupations aren't smart
but I thought you should have a doctor
bargain so you got to take care of this
use this and then you have to take care
of me okay okay good yeah I appreciate
how many options there are for Barbies
these days there's like every
occupations very cool all shapes and
sizes dad what are you doing making
pizza mine yeah my dad makes really good
pizza a professional Coquina oh yeah but
you only do it like once every year
normal you guys don't come enough yeah
hey hey I don't have to cook in the home
all right attempted Christmas shower
which in essence is a shower but on
Christmas also stay on the legs EPE
okay he's not coming off so just a
little bit I feel really good with the
nap I took because I feel no guilt about
it twelve clans done everything done
actually shot a video of my family
yesterday there's no release on the next
video today done Who am I
that's it this is a Baroness a New
Year's resolution because a lot a big
fan of resolutions I believe if you want
to change that they should change it
right then and there you gotta wait
until certain date I'm like the last
month has been really good in terms of
like me doing things in advance and I'm
notices because of the team like I need
that team around me and before I used to
feel like I'll have a team that makes me
like weaker or less or like I do acting
myself that's not true that isn't making
weaker less it makes you smarter it
makes me that you do more what you're
good at like my creativity is been so
much better I'm so much better writing
scripts because I do focus on that and
don't have to focus on like doing every
detail everything and so I feel good
about I'm just gonna nap guilt-free feel
good can you let this be the standard of
things moving forward Yang's team did
you dig this really just little mark
here hey dad could beat this very good
thank you
right there chef tamari you smiling
really let me see oh my god again let me
see oh my god did you fart just absolute
hyperness happening right now good job
good job
yeah good job get that cardio in boy hey
Petey have you calmed down a little bit
oh yeah seems like it very good so calm
yeah very good sugar
no everyone that's not humble that's my
brother-in-law before you comment very
good good yeah we're about to play taboo
which means many feelings will be hurt
right now many feelings and true
playground fashion was girls against
boys the girls mark the boys but this is
the aftermath of Christmas and the kids
this is the aftermath just absolute
destruction everywhere wah-wah bap con
christmas is over just watch a movie
with my fans it was the imitation game
was really good really long but was it
good I am going to watch some Jean the
Virgin and fall asleep while doing so
I'm feeling some type of way right now
Michael I'm feeling very like nice
spending time with my family also just
kind of I know there's so many moments
out the day where it's a combination of
things one it's Banerjee's birthday
today which always makes me a little bit
bittersweet and for those you don't know
energies my grandfather whose birthday
was on Christmas and which makes sense
because he's like the real Santa Claus
at the real OG it was combination of
that and see my nephews and nieces have
so much stuff I mean like I couldn't
help but you know when they were opening
the gifts also happy because they were
so excited about the same time I was
like I guess having gone to Kenya and
and so much woodwork you haven't
experienced it had this year I had this
moment where I was also like damn we are
so privileged and blessed at the fact
that kids get to decorate a tree and
they get not just one or took like so
many presents under a tree and I'm
schooling to my Instagram and everyone's
experiences the same you know there's a
presence that the presence is posed in
front of our tree that house all these
presences can't help but think that like
holy crap a lot of people in the world
do not have anything even close to this
so I have the glog those moments and
like is all of our jobs to give to
people that don't have this cuz what a
luxury to decorate a tree eat so much
food with our families all happy and
healthy I have our kids that so many get
such I don't know it just hit me in a
spot where I was like wow I want to see
what else I can do to spread that to
people don't have that and that's all of
our jobs so we should all come together
and think of ways every single day to
make a difference in the lives of people
that don't have all that luxury Espinel
I'm gonna head upstairs actually go
ahead to the toilet right here very but
before that happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear not
happy birthday to you mmm you don't
think they're like in Barcelona thank
you for joining me on today very very
Merry Christmas Happy Holidays wherever
you do celebrate to you and your family
from me and mine even though they're not
here but I'm sure they wish you I'm
gonna be in Toronto for actually have a
one-way flight I think I'm gonna go back
January 2nd through - we'll see read
miss Benson tomorrow I'm nothing to lose
well my spend some time with family a
notion you might come by which I'm very
excited about but yo make a calque this
holiday season count chances are you
have a break from work or school spend
some time to your loved ones make your
mother's and count try some new food
have some the experiences United mean
freedom live your best life and until
tomorrow but if you like it subscribe
you like it subscribe you tomorrow ok
today I'm you're watching this I'm not
gonna post a new video because you got
12 collabs to catch up on there will be
a new video on 29th and on 31st though
but in the meantime if you haven't seen
my recent cloud with Priyanka literally
every newspaper in India's written about
which makes me very happy
the links are right there go check them
out check them out
