got my name I'm a boob swag good
afternoon it just like or something
honestly I just woke up my stomach was
hurting I was absolutely useless then I
did some work on the computer and I
wasn't into blog mode yet so now I'm
into blog mode though this is what's
crack-a-lackin' I'm going back to trial
today which I'm very excited bucks I
just FaceTime with my mom and I miss her
so much and I can't wait to see my
family can't wait to see my nephews my
nephew had a concert at his school today
we like sang with like Rangers I just
wish I could have been there was so cute
and I just can't wait to see them on
them soaps that I'm like fully in the
Christmas spirit now today collab 11 is
releasing by the time you're watching
this you would have known it is with
Hilary Duff cheese so chill like I'm not
going to add a lot of fun with their
confusion I felt we're friends like we
met at we met and I was like chatting
with her instantly I found like oh I've
known her like my whole life but she's
really fun and really cool so that was
really awesome
fun fact though in the video we make
this joke about how my niece and her son
want Lightning McQueen cars I just wrote
that for the script right that was a
joke I came up with today I facetimed my
nephew like what do you want I wasn't
planning to get them anything
hear me out don't judge me hear me off I
wasn't trying to get them anything
because they have a bazillion toys like
my sister's house is full of toys I was
like my original idea was to see if I
could find a way to get puppies to come
to the house for an hour they could play
puppies then I'm like I'm not gonna
happen on Christmas which service would
offer that office I mean I'm still in
the truck but then so I asked my nephew
Mike what do you want music
I wanna lightning McQueen car and I'm
like what now what now so now I'm
debating to like go to Daisy for
Christmas to the toy store which is like
ridiculous to think about try to find a
Lightning McQueen card thus making my
video absolutely real life
I'm not what I'm playing Bruce - take a
shower pack I'm gonna drop Derrick to
the airport then trying to go on a toy
mission then come home and then uber to
the airport as Derrick is also leaving
today so it's a pretty tight schedule
from this point on mostly because for
the past four hours I've been scratching
my butt and not doing anything but now
I'm gonna do something while scratching
my butt as well like that moment when
you have to sit in front of the mirror
to vlog to make sure your camera is in
focus that's okay you're gonna fix it
soon every time I wear the sweater you
know I'm shook they don't remember it
has pockets but today I remember it has
pockets and it just made my day the
small things appreciate the small things
Nega I'm so hot in the sweater he does
this thing where doesn't turn off so you
know it has pockets after wear when I go
outside right now born off a bone off
alright comment below if you know why
this shirt is important
come below right now oh no oh geez gonna
know comic-con coming hey sexy lady
I left your flow even though so mess up
is your toe pre-ordered this right right
now perfect Christmas gift
when you throw it down that was a
freestyle I was pretty good oh my show
me a rapper voices part two right now
just like um yo came to pack the perfect
Christmas gift when you throw it dad
just kidding just kidding pack pack pack
second in a row I've got into my car oh
my god level of camera that's how you
noted me I need a vacation because I'm
forgetting my child at home well bye
we're headed to the airport to drop off
Pablo how could I wish our flights was
at the same time what am I think yeah
yeah I'll just I'll just miss my flight
mm-hmm wait for you uh-huh let me London
to the airport okay so I have to really
value my entire game plan because I am
actually dropping pueblos off somewhere
else not at the airport I'm in the air
because are so much traffic on the way
to the airport it's like
bumper-to-bumper my battery my car
battery is low it's at 92 kilometers
left since I look less energy welcome
better if it gets colder okay well I
need to get home I'm gonna reevaluated
leaving so I don't think I can do the
Lightning McQueen stop and I really
don't think it's a big deal because my
Nettie has a bazillion toys about making
up time so now but it's utter chaos
going to Los Angeles Airport so that's a
nice monkey wrench sorry dude no it's
great I you know my fights been pushed
back so both of our flights are delayed
slightly as well so yeah so it's
important that you get home you don't
get stranded because that'd be a sucky
way to get home for Christmas 100% like
stress with my flight yet because we're
like 10 min away from LAX and the
back-to-back going to LAX I'm not even
in the airport I mean like the entire
route to the airport is back to God
so I need to look away earlier than
anticipated I'm a little bit stressed
about it I'll look here comes super blow
poor blue lab now I'm gonna miss you
you know by Pablo Pablo go where you go
where you go Babla okay we need to bring
you get home they go one of the many
hundred and thousands of reasons I love
Hillary I just had to pull over and text
her and teach her how to use Twitter to
tweet the video literally I have to pull
over put my emergency lights on and be
like just willing to the video is used
but remember my parking job in a clap
with her were even she's the best I love
her she's the best the best I'm almost
home and I haven't you know I should be
pulling over I have no battery leg up
Jack are you thirsty who have a drink
okay
I got a few packages I wonder what they
are hopefully it's not too many things I
need to pack in my suitcase it's already
full let go looks like a smile and it's
narrow but it look like a smile I
appreciate you straight up shout out to
my boos Calvin Klein for hook and a
sister up right now
god I am over the moon about this right
now
I know Obama be late for my flight but I
gotta open all this what if I want to
take some there's some track pants and
jinx broccoli this cup and my book is
here
I'll pack that youtube big up yourself I
think I know this is us like Casey post
on YouTube is too sick with it they gave
this thing has pins of all the viral
moments that is dope oh my god roast
yourself hotline running man challenge
also good yes that adidas track so yes
be thank you so much you do all bought
the friggin tweet F on this right now
alright and pretty much packed up and we
show you something else dogs I'm gonna
get it for like my entire team but don't
tell them if you're watching this you're
part of my team just just F up and
express the closet giving keys so
necklace it's a key in each of them says
so this one says create and if you can
see it anyways it says create on it if
this camera wasn't horrible you would
see it but now is the true test of time
because this suitcase cease to go down
the stairs and no one is here to help me
so this will be the first time I'm
accepted I'm a woman up and do this no
problem two classes Jairus let go
sweating just thinking about it one two
okay I literally just went through war
to get to the airport the traffic was so
standstill I was like stressed like I'm
gonna miss my flight that's it miss my
flight the uber driver is like you
should walk last two miles and like
pouring rain outside melts pouring rain
outside yeah everyone's always like Oh
at least it's enhancing a drunk I'm like
where where is this job I finally made
it and we're drivers saved my life
because he actually dropped me up to
arrivals not departures also so it up in
the car and then I just like went up
escalator to departures and then thank
God he walked in and there was no one in
my line I just like what it was like
chaos into my brain I was like oh my god
stop and I'm gonna miss Christmas I'm
gonna not be able to go home I'll be
stuck here missing my flight I can't
believe it and in my brain it was like a
Christmas comedy where I was in my brain
the musicals like I'll be home for
Christmas
but I made it I made it and we're going
let's go Christmas made it thank you now
we just have to hope that the flight
doesn't see being delayed because my
theory is when a flight gets delayed
once really they're just trying to ease
you into the fact that it's gonna be
delayed for like seven hundred hours so
yes that moment when the planes not even
here yet
and I already know it's gonna be delayed
but you know it's okay but I'll just
wrestle for no reason you using years
from my life in a losing hello what's up
papi UI summary that's this wheel bakery
right now I have to shoot a video
tomorrow without me so yeah baby
and we have a gate change be chaos is
lay upon delaying chaos there's so many
people here in Canada is still a cage
what you want the record I'd love to
proceed nothing is wrong with me
but I've upgraded
know about the chief his mother happens
life to go back up but I got upgraded I
think I hope I got off miles or whatever
so I'm about to do some work
absolutely not and what else we made a
spaceship atlatl Acadia I'm fun fact
Kyle just texted me saying I broke his
home phone you know that phone and
everything that I draw
I thought it was a province is a real
own home I didn't know that process when
the job things like way to break my
father's like who still has a landline
time to brace the cold when you're
greeted by two wonderful team super
members wearing girl love refugees as
the issue or you see my breath that's
the show like worst part is I never have
a winter jacket I don't have what it la
it's actually not that bad it's not that
bad
how'd you do this this aw ha T ha ha ok
I'm waiting for my dad I'm actually
really excited to see my family back to
Toronto where people are even more
weirdo by blogging but I'm so excited to
see my family I think my dad's right
here how did you miss me yeah don't you
miss me
dad did you miss me what yeah what are
you doing what are you doing still
missing you oh now now you're gonna have
to realize the camera no no I was like
yeah get lost get out of here
look my mom's new PJ's I think she knew
new PJ I'm getting a grilled cheese
sandwich it's actually not that cold
it doesn't mean way colder look at my
nephew's they made this he dated Namath
he day his name Dora I had him tonight
Santa is my real niece's name at my
Hilary Duff video I said Santa my niece
Anna is my real nice grilled cheese but
my mama was crack-a-lackin' pots cold in
here
Peter on deck um I'm in the vlog here I
know my days we'll kind of merge
together
I don't know admittedly if I'm going to
vlog tomorrow on Christmas or actually I
don't know if I'm allowed to date um
because I think I should spend some
family time so I don't know if I'll blog
today but uh maybe I'll see the day or
so there's another cloud coming out
today by the time you watch this I
should know I can't say that
what day is it I'm not gonna say too
much on my mom I'm not gonna sit on the
toilet promise it right here we'll
pretend joy Lily does faster thanks for
joining me on today I'm back home in
Toronto for the vlog as much as a camera
I might take a few days is to unwind
after 12 claps inside sometimes my
family have you have a very safe holiday
with your family spend some quality time
your honestly I'm gonna try to do the
same thing
spend it genuinely with your family
mean but the phones will put everything
away just spend some time if you love in
my account that's what I'm planning to
do hope you're safe healthy and happy
and until tomorrow or the day after the
rapper will see good if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe yeah
TomSka yo tis the season to be jolly
Jolly fala Lala lalala lalala did you
ever realize I don't know the second
line of any Christmas girl that I think
what there's always my nose my nose ring
now it's my brain damage
