glad number-7 going down today it is
really early it's like a single-digit
number it's like nine something I woke
up I did my eye makeup my eyes are
burning everything is burning this is
what I'm wearing because it's Christmas
I'm sure you don't clap shape I can tell
you what's with actually wait it's
coming out today I can totally tell you
it's worth we're gonna shoot it and end
it and release it today and it is with
you know how to show you hold on standby
oh my god how do you feel feel great
that I can finally be the star of the
show oh my god right just kidding it's
with Kyle how do you feel being my cloud
great great right yeah I think you're
gonna be the best man in one of this for
Sol I know I know that's what I think
too look at this set oh my god this is
great look at this look at this bujji as
f look at this there's orange juice
I don't want lost about orange juice in
my home I'm actually clapping with this
oh my god the happiest day of my life
my life here oh I tried to duel if they
can do it I tried all night again do not
I came just to hog guts to say bye bye
bye just tore the clothes bye Merry
Christmas out happy holiday so we are
doing a quick turnaround edit for this
one we finished shooting with Joanne and
we're going to release it today we're
not edited stuff right now tight
turnaround time because of all the
cancellations and stuffing pad so we
have no choice I'm also leaving for NYC
in a couple hours I'm only gonna be in
New York for like 20 hours so the plan
is not working leave for the airport
before we leave for the airport have a
finishes edit release I have to record a
song for something pack I haven't even
unpacked my last trip maybe do you do
looks right here focus focus
fpou camera fu okay well blurry tree
enjoy refine me or boom as soon as
design to New York we're go straight
into hair and makeup and you shoot this
club and we go straight back to the
airport to fly back so it is a very long
way to go but I believe the cloud was
worth it and it's gonna be a good time
but we have so much to do before we go
also one the posture use for the video I
kept because look how pretty this is
isn't this so pretty that goes with my
tree my blurry tree perfectly I think
it's wonderful
hey pueblo excited to go to New York to
shoot a video again yeah
I like it I like it I like it yeah you
like it thank you
you like it I like it what are you
working on I'm working on a couple
different little videos a little edit
what are you working on amending the me
to come up today booties say cheese
cheese 1515 big crab I'm so tired I'm so
exhausted oh we got a couple hours sleep
last night I'm gonna head up and where'd
you start packing seriously make my
start packing this my ex okay that's
still packed I need to repack then when
I'm very packing hey to go to the closet
I record a song real quickly if I can my
try to get 5 minute nap here we are
nope get up oh maybe no get up
no yo yo I finished recording the song
to a shower now we're heading to the
airport mad productive in a short amount
of time
man productive excited to go to New York
for 20 hours Cal yeah me neither
these know that I'm wearing winter boots
I'm shutting down shutting down see this
right here on the airport floor
millionaire lifestyle right there it's
millionaire what you I can make a rap
music video right here right here I'm
not even good talking about
and I forced my people to live good -
whoops get you for dinner we ready to do
this thing for internet right now or
intimate all smug cuddle it's 9:00 for
urine our goal and at 5:20 a.m. or
straight into your makeup straight into
shooting go to the airport and fly back
that and we're going to do it go - yeah
this is gonna be painful
that's a.m. in case you're confused
guess who left their phone in the uber
and had to chase the four blocks hint
here's me I did it but you got it I got
it
because kya called him I don't think
Otakon I was sprinting I'm gonna cut up
to the car forget what we're here for 20
hours we're gonna redo this shoe
yeah
