Oh Scoobies scene one take one mark roan
egg oh snap
when no one knows more than any of my
other collabs about how this works
yelling with my new best friend and life
look at this guy hi look at him he's
adorable
and I love them he's so cute and I'm
gonna steal no you're not we're not no
I'm in the eel juice its juice its juice
don't take me to jail he's so cute he's
so adorable
he's barely been a fan before strangers
oh yes that true what's your favorite
video their commercials one the
commercials one good or how I write
tests however is that how you write
tests yes good it's like exactly see
real-life late ability really examine
late ability exactly hahaha do you want
me to be nicer no it was like it's nice
of you that's I'm kidding okay I agree
myself sorry
ohh-ho-ho acting like you've got I know
this is pretty much what your cell looks
like to right I thought production yeah
daddy has too many holes that's what I
mean this is just acting okay okay my
brother my got you okay right see he's
an adult
she doesn't need validation no they
don't
they don't knowa
so that's all gonna be over and over
again time say next yeah exactly how you
shoot your show you're more professional
than everyone else that's here right now
so it's true though what's getting in
your mouth yeah you know just eating the
beer nobody's gonna smile or I'm taking
your Xbox away cut my line Jimmy
hey squirt what's your name Tim Caleb
this is my vlog so what's up what's up
you know just chillin okay oh oh okay
busting a move yeah okay oh I get it
I slit my skittles yeah yeah whatever
you want actually be looking that bottom
one - oh it's babies is that whatever
okay go do you even have a permanent
clothes grow pros go for a 3 Brandi row
rows it's Caleb and on that note
Disneyland is fine filing a lawsuit -
let's do that again
don't be this one has a red nose and is
clearly sick I feel like you're
convincing
that Elevens not trustworthy look at
this kid he's not missing I found him my
same dude she found me no big deal yeah
yeah the Melcher came out that bale no
big deal
in the fake doctor is Netflix if you
want to rewrite that I'm available just
saying
so from the top it goes on three ends
not three three
