holy crap I woke up in a car hello I am
the opposite of a morning person
opposite of a morning person I'm on my
way to shoot a collab I'm not gonna tell
you what's with you because I always
like to ask permission first in case of
surprise because I know how it feels and
people root my coz I'm surprised I'm
getting there so a bunch of cool people
that I love it is so early in the
morning as 10 right now so to be their
attempts I'm running like 10 mins late
my bad that's the one thing I'm so bad
at I'm so Indian about is being late
only in the morning though I'm just not
I can't like everything burns I so sad
my makeup done my message I'm I was like
girl I'm not to do my eyeliner there cuz
that is Barnes do my makeup in the
morning when you're tired probably the
worst that's probably what hell is like
anyways we're on our way like it's not
every day I get to be felt up by hello
yo nah I should've collab with my sister
today my sister yes Starbucks and cashew
mic at the studio which I've never been
to from path under what weapon red red
potion is sick via that Kathy Road it's
so damn cute I was involved with Jeannie
first genuine Oh your new year's
resolution to watch this video double
okay so Justine just gave us the best
gifts ever she just spontaneously showed
up like Santa with all these damn gifts
its LEGO pieces that are wait when I
focus on honey's family okay so it's
LEGO pieces Lindsay's and that's gasps
yeah no no it's not focus on already oh
okay there is this is Cassie's as
Lindsey's and this is a rose and this is
mine look it's a unicorn
holding a camera logging is oath I love
the best time I was like going through
like eBay and Amazon like picking up oh
hair perfect little outfit and oh my god
over Joseph and a gift card
he's in so this is great Amazon Prime
you do yell but you can Amazon Prime now
gift cards they show up and when this is
not 20 minutes and we're wrapped what
are you doing
Gaby got me picking my teeth no it's
okay either way except you that's why I
love Lily because she Stephanie
but who is that's what's up we talk
about some real stuff maybe not real
stuff today real girly stuff today we
were those girls today I didn't know it
was necessarily girly it was more like
real stuff like this is kinda girls
don't lack the top that's true but they
need to talk about yeah released like a
weight was lifted off my shoulder yes
it's true oh my gosh is working out
Cassie what me oh I'm totally kidding
it'll do nothing we made a video you
think I would be right you know please
make a video yes except this side of me
she may be due to a double yesterday I
was like your whole-- up real then no I
had to the lunch break during the
jumping jacks I ate a falafel disco kill
other burpees long smooth where I
couldn't do any of them I always be part
of the day just like pretending this
goes hell up flexible though I work that
today oh my god can you hold this for
one second you can see I have the square
ideas okay all right all both number two
my disney-themed every other line we
switch up the Vipers time to the see
overall comfort oh if you want see that
video to you guys to beat it to work
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yo yo yo just
got home it was so nice and girls so
awesome I'm like kind of tired but my
shooters are coming over because we're
shooting a scene for that club with a
third person and show up so I got a Reba
come Santa and super annoying thing was
I wasn't wearing
for that shoot I washed my face and not
have eyeliner on but she was seen of
that and then after that I gonna work on
some scripts but I'm kind of pooped
oh so remember when I was in it and I
seen I could've finished that clam and
it was no one's fault in which I still
maintain it's no one's fault so I've
been plotting like to try to go back to
New York for like 20 hours of shoot this
cuz we don't have the video done it's
like great we should drill shots that we
didn't shoot I get this are you ready
for this get this are you ready ready
ready the location isn't available this
time so we have to actually reshoot the
whole video in a different place and do
the whole thing again which means I
gotta fly Derek and everybody back again
haha go on that's funny right one more
time I'm done it's Earth we're gonna
celebrate it then yeah yes with
everything's Julie hippie chick you're
hey you can't be chick Judy can me check
your hey really kidding I'm so funny
Jenny can't be check your hey chili kpj
genetic engineer a kidney could have
made a white person joke but you're not
white I could've been like what does
bleh does everybody doesn't mean fine
it's beginning to look up what is that
time of year you know though goodness
you never stop what you interrupted me
for what is it no oh yeah and the
comments it is focused it's focused oh
my God look my place is set my normal
again I'm so excited it's kind of
functional also an elf snuck into my
house
Christmas about you is often actually
felix smarter you do scientifically
that's true I just learned this place
outside people wear glasses our
procedures procedures smarter I start
wearing less about sporty along with you
of them because I'm too smart to be good
boom explosion because I'm too far to be
good
what are you buy a Christmas tree leg oh
wow
seven I would look at elbows we do this
so our guys come to Target to buy a
Christmas tree new dish racks you drying
mat you're a grown-up new utensil
divider
I don't god damn god damn I was the
president target I'll be furious
welcoming to that story they like
literally almost no Christmas stuff as
barely Christmas trees no ornaments like
no other Christmas sweaters I'm like
yawn in the market to sell or not what I
am is happy and people just throw away
money on Christmas I do not have your
shelf stock right now I don't know
brewery parks where the worst death is
fact and right into another start out
with the Christmas shoes so let me know
this book my whole family mom dad
sisters and families are favorite song
we all know the dance I'm going to show
to like any family party
this songs gotta go down to old school
soccer song my mom and dad everybody
ready
small chance to make money when you come
in last night
found a tree not as twice as as you it
really is almost it's a nine-footer but
a last one but not a you are not larger
than the stock three five feet no this
is almost - Nana - Donna yeah definitely
- bird poops got the Christmas tree
doesn't happen with the ornament
selection looking for a very particular
yellow very particular pink in a very
particular tool so little till Walmart
also has very few or knives shot that
stores will have Christmas stuff it's
only December 13 that's like not close
enough to Christmas there's like one box
of ornaments and it was like honey those
that what is your business model I don't
get it dude what are you doing why why
exactly what he said I am just so
thankful for these vegan bacon cheese
fries you can spider I do Me's again the
place humble introduced to us not a high
feeling
about to feel a lot better about taking
a bite it's so fun it could be your
lockscreen make love to me feeling um
wrong way later bump around so because
I'm not used to like doorknobs and door
handles and stuff on my house yet I keep
walking into the door handle
now this huge cut and bruise on my back
as I've bumped into one hurts so bad
hertzel ban that's not what counts what
counts is I'm gonna go sit on the toilet
right now let's go good thanks for
joining us today a very productive day
did two shoots essentially lot of
Christmas shoes from a heavy ball didn't
find ornaments gonna do that tomorrow
tomorrow's ask Superman lives when
you're watching this right now chances
are very soon ask Superman life is
happening and I work as I'm creatives
and then it's rushing on a few clouds
not rushing but you know figuring it out
um I hope you have a great day Annie and
it's Emma's picnic that's exciting
until tomorrow send you lots of hugs and
kisses if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe you sub thought a
singing song while you click on these
legs you know what I'm saying I wanna
say team super you my baby you're my
baby
eat my bags I'd be a singer holy crap
