oh there was something I have to tell
you now I don't remember what was it
good oh yes I think a project we hustle
harder and we're secret projects are
officially done for now welcome back to
the vlog I've missed you so much thank
you for your patience it has been
impossible to vlog during this secret
project and you know me I try to every
single way but I was like no no no no it
cannot happen so thank you for your
patient here is the mission for today
because we are back to mother after work
tweak scrip one quick script to dip both
those things give me the points Shubin
in one shoot video to go through my
inbox and take care of my baby let me
tell you what my sweet boy is not
feeling well today are you baby
no mom being sick today although I'm
still gonna bite your hand I'm sick so
this morning scarbrow threw up and I can
tell his stomach's upset I didn't take
him to the vet because I'm trying to
every small thing I have to look good
cool events a little bit I don't want
him to get used to that and also I don't
want them to keep giving him medications
for things that might not even like he
might've just eaten something so he's
still playing and I got him to eat but I
know he's not feeling well he keeps
whining but hey suddenly he just spruced
right up so maybe he just missed y'all
that baby like I said I already tweets
too video scripts today - very ambitious
videos we're gonna try to shoot in 8
hours we're gonna make it happen more do
you had one video this will put me 3
videos ahead
Who am I about to shoot video 1 of 2
Taylor what's different about today's
video what do you mean we have lots of
notes what do we have here what is that
you have a full shot log for the first
one got log these fancy words shot long
I want for the second one as well then
we have broken down scripts
oh wow red you're drinking red with
pride right now huh can we take a moment
to talk about my girl right now and how
she be looking like a whole snack up on
this monitor oh damn
so buddy you seem to play a lot of mine
oh he's not paying attention to you okay
yeah you seem to play a lot of my hot
guys in my videos what do you think
about that I think you have the hots for
me well really yeah a lot of my audience
thinks you're good-looking too oh yeah
yeah well then keep typecast remember
but more people think Tony's uh hmm you
know why cause he wears six shirts and
that's good fashion sense
unlike some people your shirts missing a
boss yeah yeah you can be my boss when
you say the right thing finished video
one I think it's pretty great also
enough scarborough's friends is here for
video number two it means it's his new
friend he's great he loves attacking my
feet yeah and I pull my foot away
thinking that he'll let go but he just
stays wet dogs really latches on gets
the block it's a very quick ride yes
like that right at Disney I know this
wonderful guys we'd shoot another bid
with me as I am so honored that's like
anybody I need somebody's man I really
had a debate I didn't know yeah the
things you made me do in the last one
yeah ruff many did some stuff for my
shrine not everything can be for the
public I'm I want to put our own you too
but I got my hands being bid right now
so if you want to work for me there's
several things I've had one is you have
to be able to step in as an extra at any
time to get pizza delivery boy and you
have to wear your boys like that like
where it's completely not serving its
purpose just like that we're
hard-working all right I'm here yeah we
are the worst engine in the world
every time I'm kind of tripping you know
my soul is dying though we're losing
daylight we have a new ad everyone all
right scrubber which shot is next which
shot is next which OH
so I am pretty jealous of that house my
not even that big you look so excited
that can be your bed baby okay let me
destroy this real quick 10 out of 10
would bite again finish shooting both
videos now I'm gonna reward myself a
little walking deck because I completely
forgot about it on Sunday and I feel
like yo 9:30 I got some free time I do
it with my inbox so but like I have a
little bit of time but show haven't had
this in so long and I'm feeling myself
also I don't think Scarborough know
how to use the house babies also go
inside of it baby
you destroy you just you demolishing the
house baby gimme the boy
oh there was something I have to tell
you now I don't remember what was it
again oh yes I think a project some of
you internet stalkers already know but I
can finally tell you what my secret
project was that I've been doing for the
past two weeks I'm so check out his
headline this headline
I have been cast in an NBC pilot called
Bright Futures and I am freaking so
excited so let me break it down for me
before we get very excited let me just
break it down people what a TV pilot is
for those you that might not be familiar
with the process when shows get on TV
what happens is they have to create a
pilot and then the hope is at that pilot
which is like the first episode gets a
green lid so it's not guaranteed to be
on TV yeah is the furthest I've ever
gotten in any audition process at
auditioned they offered me the role we
the past week and a half have been
shooting the pilot creator is Kenya
Barris will also create a blackish same
writers groan --is-- and it is with NBC
in hopes that it will get greenlit and
become a real TV show regardless of what
happens I'm just so honored Kenya's a
genius my whole cast is awesome another
person's kind of Jimmy Tatro is another
youtuber who's so funny I'm so honored
and so grateful and I hope I'm not gonna
lie sometimes I do editions and I'm like
you really know me know I even feel
about this project I love this project I
love this pilot I love the script I love
the cast I love Kenny I love the craters
I love the roads I love everyone and I'm
hoping and praying that gets greenlit
and becomes a real show but Bright
Futures when today's I play a character
called Cygnus who is a medical student
and she's super effing dope so I'm so
excited I'm so so excited I hope and
pray it happens but that is a secret it
is that bad it's gonna be like months
before we find out but yours the waiting
game begins
good news is scarborough's feeling
better at least 10 of us seems like
right now right baby
Amamiya we're feeling like this morning
when now I'm okay what a good sweet boy
with that I'm going to conclude the vlog
I'm gonna get an early night sleep wake
up very early and get to work in my
normal day tomorrow going to my new
office which I got it haven't been out
for two weeks
tomorrow I'm so excited to go because I
am so fortunate and lucky and but no I
don't like Lord lucky too much but I'm
very blessed and I'm very grateful that
I get to do things I love every single
day and that's mostly because of you he
thank you there you teachable we love
you let's see how
and come tomorrow bye
you
