you know my fans they love this k-pop
group called BTS you're gonna react to
them ready
I just turned into fouseytube right
there good morning it was amazing by the
way I thought today it's gonna be an
insane day I actually woke up I ate me
when I are I use ice cream for dinner
right skip - did it - video watch new
video to get my parents to react to
something go to my inbox watch some
flames your things your mood mom you
look at the fire nice shirt how does it
soft do you like it is it is it you love
it so what you're saying is that parents
everywhere they can also wear the Mercs
oh god it's so comfortable right so if
you want to be as fire as flames as this
young lady right here
you know what to do your dad nice shirt
you look almost as good as mom oh why do
you think mom but I only love my bed and
my mom I'm sorry
free wine for the mission release my
video to super 60 today's videos a
little bit different so usually what I
do is I take one where's this sofa you
never know what's going on in this house
but usually I did one joke and I expand
on it to make a full video so that's
usually how I write my script so for
this gift I was like yo I want to leave
this joke as a singular small digestible
video does well how to hide a dick
instead of making a whole elaborate
video cuz typically I would have done
like how to hide a hickey how to hide
relationships made it a bigger thing I'm
like no I'm keep it on just that bit so
we'll see if y'all like it or you hate
it yo
I was about to shoot one of two videos I
released my video I did super 60 I did
my makeup I did my hair all of this I
didn't show you I'm sorry it's hard to
do things in vlog sometimes it doesn't
just like rushing with I need to get
done need to get done and I forget and I
pick you up him like I'm sorry I left
you at the mall my hair looks kind of
really cute right so do you forgive me
yeah we're shooting to video say you
number one let's go record-breaking time
two videos in four hours
oh man killing the game what's the point
we're so efficient right now long sleeve
brand-new shirt reference wow my mom
comes up to me exact words you go you
know your team come up to me they so
excited to eat my food and you ready
always make fun you song grateful that's
right that's right my mom ever since
this video is not let me hear the end of
it flashback hello I'm doing something
I'll figure it out don't worry you don't
need to make me anything
I'm so sorry you were saying something
my mission statements hey yeah I see
that you know so sorry that all sounds
great I'll make sure I get those things
over to ever since then she's like I'm
never making you food I know the Yak I'm
making right yeah yes excited you get
some team over here some totally one
and then there's Masako whatever in I'll
make a salad I'm having food into the
salad
your dad what's up dog what's up dad
yo you know my fans they love this k-pop
group called BTS have you ever heard of
them medias yeah yes what is Sam for I
have no idea okay you're gonna react
them you ready I'm ready
okay same people you shake the hand of
it
okay mom I ready to react to BTS you
know bts's okay it's a k-pop group you
know kpop is no okay
Korean pop okay they're a very popular
group I think yeah I think I know yeah
so we're gonna watch their video for a
song called DNA do I need glasses you
probably need glasses
you ready I'm actually not the
initiative I see yeah yeah no they
perform some all right I see them
prepare I think watch out - here you go
yeah I think oh oh they do did this song
even girl cute I think they cute smile
yeah baby we think that actually they're
very young cat
hello you two nice boys have a nice move
you mean steps from them I guess who's
your favorite try to point that one they
already know the first one no I know you
know it's really you wanna make my day
too you know are you like me right
it's like hanging yeah if I knew my
Constantine girls like my mom hook them
okay you got past are they like what
anymore they can do you know you're
never absolutely bps right you never
saved me by BTS grant I can't even watch
their heart rhythm I'm in the sword yeah
ordinary I think it's beautiful yeah
good performers mm-hmm you would you say
your biggest fans
yes I can no I am since I watched them
all right mom we're gonna put you next
to the guy you like okay it's me right
now I don't get it'll make sense in the
video I promise okay I'm the blue haired
guy a face in view of my face okay
that's okay my god what is it what is it
is you gonna be there but is there gonna
be other blu-rays here face
it's Johnny yeah you're thinking about
garlic oh yeah indubitably you remember
English is a muscle oh you can use that
excuse for everything
well I got that excuse why not it's ones
called dog is my favorite BTS on please
no don't
mom's blood sugar I know I don't know
whoa
you know clearly my dancing everywhere
my video the memorize oh you're doing
that exact remember you just like monkey
dance together know what they say really
fit young it's about a video shot a shot
well very nice you see all those pretty
you do never leave you I know but this
one the military soldier guys I think
you like him under the white tents yeah
I think he's the one with me I like him
they all good
they're all good all good you mean they
all of like underage they have a concern
go through that they can go the club I
don't think you ready it was mad hot in
LA these days I feel so bad for my
parents that are gonna leave for a day
and go back to the effin Tundra Toronto
are you my video's doing so well if
views is a way to say well no I've
stopped believing about but everything's
being received very well which makes me
happy because it something different I
tried and so now I know I can expand and
experiment more with that style of stuff
words like one joke that's expanded
instead of expanding into a whole larger
plot of things so that makes me really
really happy I had a great day a lot of
work got done on my mom got to see a
shoot for the first time there's a lot
of cool things my worlds colliding for
now I'm I go to bed until tomorrow let's
see how it
ladies see my perspective ETS so cute
because I know they were like a little
bit shy as well reacting in front of
other people but they really enjoyed it
I was like yeah because I don't know
everything will be TS but I know y'all
like meet a lot and also I think they're
just really talented even every time I
watch it videos I'm like some ladies and
gentleman
oh thank you yes I really enjoyed it and
helped you turd is not until tomorrow
when our adventure continued have
yourself a great morning evening
afternoon night wherever you are say
your loss elope whoo-hoo
if you liked it subscribe if you liked
it subscribe also huge shoutouts to
everyone that checked out moving out
with Carly class that was with me
kendall Jenner and Ashley Graham it
aired today and I saw something tweets
out like it was so cool though so fun so
thank you for checking that out Carly's
such a sweetheart so anyway you can
support her I wholeheartedly support so
if you check it out conklin let me know
what you thought
