okay so yeah so let's go another tack
okay do you are you physically fit move
on wood is behind the scenes of behind
the scenes okay so today I'm dying
internally is what's happening right now
I'm trying to be cool but you know I'm
not very good at that
I'll better fix my nail polish this
monumental bone but that's okay I should
England
oh man oh my god I'm dying everything is
happening right now I'm dead I would -
where's my finish watch my videos I do
whatever son whatever actually have the
same birthday so we should use yeah I'm
gonna I'm gonna start being cold naps
right now
superstar
oh yeah on my mom said not to talk to
colored people take that poor wrestling
and then the spitting Lily right Oh
interesting
- else you're right I've never seen that
spelling before probably the last time
dude
beyonc√© and Kelly are in this hotel oh
no I meant like faith and stuff but also
wonderfully members success in chocolate
only two counted quick window steps okay
just give me a chance to convince you
ease please
that's just because I'm the biggest wo
musical sure to exist I'm watching WWE
since before something to be a WWE
Superstar that's good
except instead what my god she stole um
meet amazing my god she's in the right
now she's so lovely and green I'm
freakin dying of disease that me I love
you you my family get your name tattooed
on my face too much okay love is back
yeah I've got this great idea for a new
superstar cuz you're here at ring death
oh yeah hey and all those scary noises
your mom makes in bed perfect
I just did throws up with dub W no big
deal the 10 year old me is dying she's
dead
you think one love superwoman that is a
wrap and took I love you
