worst sleep ever okay can we just talk
about something real quick so I woke up
and three times in my life not to you
tens more like three times at a year two
to three times I get something called
sleep paralysis which is like not being
able to wake up from a dream and you're
like aware of what's happening but you
cannot wake up and so you just like lie
there as something or someone's gonna
attack you and kill you ever experiences
is the worst effin thing in the entire
world so last night I had horrendous
dream and it would not end and
essentially what it was is that I was
lying in bed and I kept hearing noises
and so something was in the room trying
to attack me so then I like took out my
phone and I was like texting Derick and
I was like Derek Derek help me help me
help me help me and then the messages
kept like coming up as like not going
through not going through not going
through so I panicked and I woke up and
I Quran to his room and when I ran to
his room it wasn't there and then so I
was running through the house and
something is attacking me and then I
woke up and then I woke up I was like
holy crap that was really close and then
I heard the thing all over again and so
three four five times has happened where
I'm like breaking out and I wake up but
I'm not actually up I'm just in the
dream and then the last time it happened
was I actually saw someone in my room
and they were coming towards me and I'm
screwed I'm trying to scream but I
couldn't I'm trying to get up but I
couldn't
I'm just watching as this person comes
towards me and I woke up in a freaking
panic and sweat and I texted not on Kyle
and this is the thing about this is when
this happens to me when I actually do
wake up I don't believe it so I texted
look I'm gonna read you the real text to
not happen Kyle okay
mondaya from frazzled right now yeah
last night at 6:30 a.m. it was I have
something serious to say my house is
haunted I just woke up panicked because
I'd sleep paralysis someone was in my
room and I don't even know if you're
getting these texts because of my dream
you weren't and so when I was texting in
the morning like frantically I didn't
believe it was real never getting I'm
sorry just saying they're breaking the
out long story short more sleep ever
this happens like two to three times a
year
freaking hell but I'm up for real I
think I don't know
I hope I'm up we have a clap to shoot so
I'm gonna eat breakfast take a shower or
shooting club today love me
alright we are headed to shoot this club
I'm six months late but that's like
basically early according to my
standards wrap this up Bob Marty
are you ready for an awesome shoot yeah
ready to kill it gonna kill everybody
that's no no not that well yeah the show
the shoot yeah kill the shoot like it I
like it I like it
by the way this is how you reuse hair
from the shoot the night before in New
York when I got my hair done I said wait
on a plane I slept on it woke up it
still is kind of good so I was like boom
that's for sure
so this is the plan today last night pal
was going on and on and on about how he
wants to see fantastic visa now he
hasn't seen it in theaters yet he's been
working so hard helping with these clubs
so today the plan is that I'm gonna lie
to him saying I need him to help me this
evening to do some work cuz yesterday
was like what if we see tomorrow no see
ya I'm photographer God when I call him
over to do some work I already told Stu
and I when he comes over all contingency
fantastic grease this is a mini surprise
of the day let go hey this glove came
out but we're at y'all feel we did be
back I pranked you sard
I practice hard Kyle's reaction to the
movie well how are we gonna finish all
this work like I approve I approve of
this first question Kyle's a good boy go
see a nerdy movie not nerdy I'm excited
I'm excited
Kyle what do you think the movies gonna
be out of 10 10 10 out 10 we on vacation
for the next two hours okay what do you
think Diego I think it's gonna be
greenlight thing is gonna be an 11 11
out of 10 the thing that's really good
actually like these types of movies
because they help me scoop Renny when
they're so out of the box and you know
it's good you're vlogging the steering
wheel right I know yeah yeah it is
really good I don't know much about
Harry Potter I don't think that's gonna
prevent me from understanding I see the
Harry Potter movies I'm not like an
extreme nerd though about the
you know the only spy knows expel you
office was another one girl expect a
Patronus
Wow Rona wow he separated patronum late
yeah we got a spot fine yeah I'm at the
greatest Parker by the way that's a
hundred percent of the reason I have
this car as it does most enough for me
done this particular situation several
Chelsea Bella also chicken strips in a
pizza coming
what you think really good that's good
this jingle wanna focus burn I know my
camera's not focused I know don't
comment below what you think he was
adorable photos all right I thought the
dialogue was a bit that's my honest
opinion but it's freezing his after walk
back out into this winter wonderland
he's go home a mad work to do aim I just
learned how to change the filter on my
vacuum the hard way no big deal no big
deal this is our current dilemma is that
we were transferring footage from Kyle's
computer and it said like 15 hours and
we need to get someone by tomorrow
morning his computer went to sleep but
we don't know the password and Kyle is
currently sleeping right now so our
solution is to go to the YouTube space
which is closed because it's like what
what I am right now sit outside the
YouTube space in hope by chance that the
Wi-Fi will work from outside because
Wi-Fi is really fast from there and then
do work from the car while the transfers
work it could say three hours like you
know what I mean like right now this 20
of you say is fast but it's like three
hours she would take blankets just in
case you just even car sure the things
we're doing for these don't collabs
though let's figure it out ready for
this yeah yeah this is do or die
hustle harder never settle it's worth
the effort update it's freezing outside
we are putting the laptop by the door
but it's still saying one day to
transfer so I guess like even though the
Wi-Fi is really good being outside is
reducing it a little bit we're gonna
wait a few minutes time is 142 a.m. who
would a few minutes see what happens I
don't have a plan beyond this so also
really apologize at this whole vlogs
been blurry I don't know how many of you
timers endure don't don't ignore this
trooper submit is still say one day um
it's no sin one day when I you know
we'll give it five 10 minutes and here
see Daniel fleet done yeah we're driving
back home because we can't sit there for
22 hours I was ready to sleep in the car
for like a solid three hours I would
maybe even for about 22 hours so I don't
know now we have to go home Kyle's
answers loan
and figure it out figure it out man I
know I doubt the lesson to your kids is
never try 227 I got to write two scripts
right now actually stop gloves are done
I'm taking the biggest vacation by that
I mean sleeping in my house in Toronto
eating so much food and watching Netflix
and sleeping again twice Oh tired done
tuck when Lily
I finished one script I'm gonna cheat my
way to the second one and I have to send
one more creative or do this as I'm
falling asleep in bed cannot wait these
clouds are awesome black cannot wait
another over I cannot wait
we're so close though we're not gonna
give up way to work just as hard right
through until the endemic thanks for
joining me on today I hope you had a
wonderful productive day tomorrow I'm
shooting a collab with a good friend of
mine who I adore something very happy I
do think for some time ago but is it
nice so I'm going to that tomorrow I
love that
yo my shirt has a lot more corn on it so
that doesn't make you subscribe or know
what we'll have until tomorrow but if
you like it subscribe if you like it
sounds good
hello my name is Naimah corn I think you
should click Subscribe and watch the
other blogs and so we're visiting my
boob talking to you he
