let's go round do we're in New York for
a couple hours it is a hella cold it is
snowing I'm wearing ripped jeans pouring
a tank top nips the frozen everything's
frozen my leg hair doesn't grow back
well we out here go get this club done
I'm not going to tell you what's a whip
because forgot dancing you will and
it's gonna be amazing this is a second
time we're doing this you know what
that just means gonna be that much
better and everyone's getting positive
right - positive super positive super
positive feeling so positive so positive
do it let's do it we're gonna head to
the airport after this I'd almost sleep
on that Airport floor I mean write
script and then sleep on the airport
floor all right this is not this is the
hot guy right here is me so hot this is
all ideas just hot guys yeah the way you
said casting for hot guy he was like I'm
here he just showed up instantly buried
me for anything else but yeah this is
the shadows all these people that are
here up when I would just yeah it's
gonna be good and our talents on their
way and we are up to speed exactly like
we were last time the only difference is
the weather has effed up my hair a
little bit so it's not as fabulous as
last time but I'm just gonna let it be
I'm just let it be and let it speak hi
feeling good you're nervous
come on we finished wherever we shot it
went great in heaven Plus never gotta
fly back to LA it's all wash my face and
take a pop let go I'm ready let's go the
venue we just shot at is offering us a
shot oh hey Steve has been day drinking
thank you so much for your hard work
everyone to the airport although I'm
feeling fly alright it's good now
actually I love them
get my wig truck I don't know who I'm
kidding try and get on this train with a
full face of makeup because we know when
we land my face gonna be looking like
someone set the mona lisa on fire I try
to be that time is for us to be like no
no that's who I have someone take a
picture of me at the airport with me a
fan and Kyle was like that one time your
face is done it to make at Airport I was
like you're right anybody else want
starter line y'all want me to a snapchat
do your friends not do anything right
not need to watch this job because I
can't do it I can't be that person I you
know that's all dressed up on a plane
just like that no I wouldn't see in
pants every time I travel you notice but
I know it's so well when I go through
the security scanner
I know exactly that this is gonna light
up and know exactly what that the
pat-down because I don't change my
clothes laughing Oh what you better
didn't me oh wow you're not ready black
t-shirt wearing gray yeah a black accent
I think that all day I dream about
superwoman
shake shack portobello mushroom burger
if you don't know now you know
busy versus cheese
what I pledged it I like it I like it I
like it I like it
don't mind us we're just talking about
how these two never turn off the lights
in my house because they're just spoiled
brats but one poor me alone we've been
through this Airport about 30 minutes
there 30 more minutes no in total
we've been here five hours I finished a
whole script boom I didn't think I was
gonna do that I thought it was I
finished four minutes for meals for
meals ha ha okay Kyle I have this thing
okay we can't communicate these have
different accents and he just had meals
and I think males and I'm like you
finished four meals that could be many
things
oh it's once in a while this happens
were like I say a word and he has no
idea what I'm saying yeah yeah argument
like we did argue because I just don't
understand one word you say and then
although X is a where do I go coming
specifically to it this one is quad or
just pronounced twice man this is what
our subjugates my tool yes from Virgil I
feel on zero drop boy is estimated
coming so close all airports are
Caucasian let's just be real if you wing
occasion you getting randomly surgery
I've got randomly search I was like mm
your laptop's I'm glad you like oh these
things I just must have some good luck I
always be randomly search over here
homeboy just must have a four-leaf
clover stuck and he always be randomly
surged up at the airport just like I've
another life hack you know when I was
wiping the table into the whole thing
never was like don't don't you shake
your head you know exactly what I'm done
food so when you eat erases some things
are melted like this one you don't want
to get on your hand so what do you do
you better treat it with the same method
you would treat a burrito where you open
have someone blow your mind person can't
even take it
mm-hmm
pastor don't forget me all of your money
though my cousin wanted me come on - you
know outlet on my hands now for new
equipment from a blend of chocolate and
peanut butter
all up in this right here thank you it's
like a six and a half hour flight and
they said there's gonna be a lot of
turbulence so I ready you like it yeah I
like it
yeah I like it yeah like it I like it
I've enjoyed it you've had a great time
in it
I like it I like it I like it I don't
like it just the flight delay otherwise
she's New York has been great during
this trip
tawdry
it's 2:30 a.m. we just landed I can't
hear anything my body is broken in a
frozen my legs hurt so much as hard
rough how you feeling let's go ahh
top hurt so much I'm going to take a
quick shower go to sleep it's 3
something above another clap shoot
tomorrow but the great friend of mine
I'm very excited to shoot with this
person because I'm sorry I'm rubbing my
I am sleepy oh I'm very excited she with
this person because we have a great
energy together so that was happening
I'm going to bed thank you so much for
joining me on my 20-hour journey to New
York oh man it was hectic but until
tomorrow if you like it subscribe if you
like it those right 20 seconds you got
20 seconds to click the links below make
sure you subscribe or you could just
listen to me sing off it because I'm
very tired
maybe we can hug we just hug maybe we
can guess we just kissed maybe it's been
20 seconds and you won't even see this
