what are you talking by I never wanted
outfit before good morning I woke up had
breakfast I brush my teeth on my request
buddies had breakfast
bye ready I was clone my hair by had no
time for that so from the ponytail no
big deal I've headed to my book of
enzyme excitable but nervous about
basically is an event where a bunch of
media people are coming and I'm talking
a little of my book but it's like really
important people are currently really
big deal so I'm like a little bit
nervous I'm going to go let my
personality shine do my best it is gonna
be a very productive day because not
only do I have that I'm also shooting a
collab trick so star club yesterday I'm
shooting Club today I'm also shooting
club tomorrow so we're going to tired or
holding it together don't look well
we're not looking at book good good look
at life we're gonna have this event
right now we're gonna be happy we
productive up there calm moment here
Sahiba combis gratitude happiness
productivity efficiency those are key
words for today we have a great day and
be beautiful when together like I tell
you one of the reasons you're
expressively to take so long to get
anywhere by cab and forget to walk
everywhere and so not to go back after a
jacket is freezing
fucking so weird but me that a license
when this podiums and there's no
forgiveness were awkward but I'm gonna
make it happen I'm going to get some
money first also snow pressures what
I've seen I'm tired Lily got me Jang Ha
Na to get a drunk in one drink
oh my god that's good I didn't care you
had my credit cards you bought it so
whatever I did I picked the credit card
guys I went for it
I got her to double boxes right I got
Fiddler's I got power function got a fun
that's how you know K okay walk it off
walk it off what I think I'm just
reading impression electricity and I
know Sarah's run through it once is
still playing very heavy quadrant and
future complimented Carol so many
authors Lily Lily that people want to
know what are you wearing today okay I'm
going to compete that has gold on it and
out of wind rock down wearable tech see
right there where men have they seen
this look before never know God said in
all five seven places like oh my oh my
they confess to me that I should be I do
duty statement fashionista you heard it
here first of all know your the splutter
cops or not I'm not going very much
no reset the event and my topic I think
what really well is a little bit tough
room a lot of people usually you should
seek an upender but it was good and I
went around I was my cell phone and my
personality and a lot people commenting
that it went well was anything about
that anything for the job and probably
now we came to hair and makeup because I
have a club and Chris Klieman a my hair
makeup done whispers I'm treating with
this hollow ha yeah behind me I saw up
with you discuss two flowers that were
so we got behind me was actually my
hairstyle if that's why you're looking
at me correct shot I am and that
annoying person was falling asleep
closer doing my hair dig around being
filming through it annoys I'm around
president annoying person I think you me
I press down here yay I have any of
those no I'm not sorry
no no thank you for making me crazy
copy that every another recommended type
of consultation you suggested ruinous oh
boy that's it mixed to it but you mean
walking into the subway is out you mean
arena walking is that your suggested to
me is that wasn't mine it Bango freezes
on my shirt just got right here like I
like that if this guy right here come on
now
I'm gonna freeze my grandma's sick so my
city survives right here I'm shooting
someone really hot so I'm trying to like
keep up with them self anti nervous as
well because I'm a kind of the press
result but I'm excited to meet the
person I am are you any good about this
shoot I feel good about this you know
yeah my scripting remember that your
shredder isn't it okay so he's my number
one is yeah he's good
no judge no eyes on the few a little
open over a purple right now I put my
worst better so it never happened before
and we don't want to access the
possibilities a certain fabulous value
is low and how my segment is not
including the colleges and everything so
so much mister but what about rushers
would have us yeah but no need to see
some references all the people okay and
the lighting of my hair makeup does send
them a fly you know of like positive
others nice point to all the reasons why
he was going situation has canceled the
teachers now giving happiness put them
firing with the lovely or I guess II
remember I want to become a completely
valid even nothing is on health care in
their lovely this situation however fuck
we're pretty much done shooting the
video I always access all this pair
maple heaven possible which is always
I'm over here later on for as a fucking
situation it's no one's fault
some say why almost was good because I
am not experienced situation funds are
coming into it and I am building a
resistance whoever Eli had to make a
hard decision I had to learn a lesson
analysis of happens again I won't be
federated feels it but I was so high in
Idaho we have wanted to learn myself
right now he knows pizza we gonna write
yes
lingerie acceptance rate for gold
takeoff is it right there is that makes
us weak sophomore father's mistresses
don't you mr. my peers animal writers
for my class tomorrow and they won't be
losing them so much work to do for
tomorrow like Oh God and it's all good
and that's why this situation in the
hall because now I have one more piece
out onto my field house we excuse me
my liver as we pursue problem your sorry
I need you here for this and I flew here
for you you know I would never know you
flew your friend
these will hear from it on his own money
well huh that's getting on my money
Oh am i what do you Brown my money thank
you but I wouldn't flown here on my life
yeah poor see what do I know you work
for you yes yes Kyle I'm feeling good
I'm fine so I said I asked him to
thought - - better than I've ever acted
before and I've never felt better honest
I either didn't notice it here - it's so
funny it was so funny that there was two
different take that we to do it again
because people ask for em point my
camera starts shaking and then I spent a
loss in life stuff
focus on what's in your control focus I
want two different charges ma'am every
element don't even and I'm in oh hey oh
look at how much Kyle ate tonight that
one but what about all those one oh you
know I am supposed oh my gosh you're so
loud I won't if you know yummy kid you
know I only want to be with you
okay kisser Wow
if the money was found this look we're
gonna do a montage of beauty beauty shop
imposes right now I know so welcome to
the next area Thursday Mecca pre-walk
top Isis never lost but they another
words they wrote I was like oh look at
the nacho room another one I think it
was much of that - three days - Rafa
this cow right you get your reputation
with a nacho room bed oh my gosh
horrendous
nacho nacho man I want to be an echo man
so I'm ready to go home and regularly
this city I have come to terms New
Yorkers don't like me every time I come
to New York something horrible happen
and it never works out you guys know
this before any water in New York
usually it's horrendous
usually the city gives you some sort of
sign Mary hates me and so I've come to
terms New York
we like that ex-boyfriend that I keep
thinking I'm like this completely
different
there's always words that'll get along
New York everywhere else is like loving
attitude oh I just said turn reduces
like me new I have black baby
oh yeah I like New York but uh we just
got kind of effect of changing because
that
how can you bend over you may be good
not aware but nothing to my cause burn
up ha ha ha yeah that joke man
I like it you like it I like it I like
it I like it I like it
get you some friends that will take your
makeup off because you feeling bad about
life right now
sandy services hi guys
oh that's a new camera uh-huh extra D's
oh there you go rip it right off
oh you won't be able to take down a
target that balls are too too too good
and too long Lansing is that why said
yes mm compared to the website so it is
oh you're one of those people that we
speak and wake up West everything all of
it I don't know yeah there's one makeup
place I have money guys okay literally
Khalifa has gonna give me again I know
you did I like can you over there
yeah I know make an adjustment okay ty
likes to wear eyelashes oh yes
Kyle I appreciate that Wow
do you have one on Weimer what do you
guys think they look good you don't
really really good you got me good
so I like that always using Trudeau no I
don't think your lipstick off with one
oh you're on my last item so long this
is the face of defeat cuz today was
rough my father's my Lammers life okay
living Miranda yeah yeah wait and if you
don't worry boys I think as a father yes
some self-care rituals that are so
interesting to me you please know what
you're doing well yeah sure
and actually we come to know and I just
wipe yes any users are so awesome it is
a packet and bring it to New York for
two days twice a day hopeful more and
more
let's see you scared out there there's
not enough enough skin be a little bit
you near my sister it's not bad
competition come oh he's really tall so
precise as well our York is really soft
what's okay can you check their back so
compare bicep to biceps are back to back
first of all I have a bike
and now you sense the cameras very
impressive what matter I really have
time here writing script because my
brain is shutting down
and after shoot tomorrow a little to do
never wait waiting for a break my grades
not working so I'm going to cannot
believe they're playing two hours oh and
when we get on the plane headed home at
the airport
what's a four-hour flight very ready to
go home New York is just what me
casually lost thousands of dollars on a
shoe that didn't happen but that's okay
because we're going to progress to the
palm trees right now are we gonna make
in town we have a cloud scoot when we
land I don't know a script for it I'm
behind on that so I need to sleep on a
plane when I land
if you always work on that you know is
my brain was working last night cuz I
feel like my soul I'll punch it all like
dead into this friends feeling we do
have some framing system Iran I'm really
devastated it's no one's fault but like
you know you feel like God how much more
can I take of this and getting beaten up
in touch or what was explained every
time me
in the blog here but a four and half
hour for our play asleep it looks like
an land in some words Humana cloud we're
all my life and here's a palm tree we
come in closer to the eventually you
think the done yet there are those
negative responses with my hand fine if
it is what it is and we keep adding
together iTunes are going together
Oh behind great day and half long did
you like that you like it defect repair
yeah not so much oh man I want to be an
echo man not so not oh man I want to be
a novice not donut oh man
I want to be an echo man
