r.i.p to my sleep schedule I know Timon
is this is a single-digit it's one
something it's maybe even do something
let me check let me just in my phone
from my craft right now what was it 123
also every day but looking at the time
it's been a time that's a 1 2 3 1 2 3 4
you look a psychic or some sort of like
connection to like God or something
either way I slept in bees had a huge
migraine I had a very destructive sleep
last night but I'm apt today I'm a whole
bunch of creatives to work on our collab
scheduled I left over once again because
if someone is sick that s was a collab
with so so sushi with them tomorrow now
it's not happening so what what's the
theme what's the theme for you I even
say come to let me know what's the theme
what's a theme
Roy we're gonna be out here we'd be good
I got a little bit of subway on the way
I got honey nut cheerios underway
kolobok 20 people now watching a toilet
paper Haley who just mend and wiper
bootie my boom lies all the toilet paper
I just don't get ready to you guys she's
lying
what you means every time you pooped
here it's questionable how you handle
that I don't poop I'm a lady
where I'd really be productive Pueblo
here hey what's up Pablo where the hell
are you going
this is how you dress I don't I just
want to look good for you so you just
want to look good for me good for me uh
yeah are you guys mom very good Pablo's
helping me edit something right now
publish we showed them a really really
quick
not even didn't even play let's a show a
quick screen grab it's something that
they've probably waiting for for a while
ready ready let's do that one yeah ready
ready ready yeah Oh
are you getting aroused by Majhi Peggy
yeah
Italy it's really funny I like it I like
it I like it you know you've made it in
life when there's muscular white men
taking out your trash for you
senex Diego you're so sweet I like it
flex for us do come on come on
bow-chicka-wow-wow by the way for all of
you likewise we'll keep seeing the white
people Michal not at his joke with us
just so white and I'm so like ethnic so
it's just like hilarious because we have
this banter going on so I'm say don't
mean offensively this is a joke whoops
like they say things sometimes I'm just
like you're so white anyways my
leprechaun fibers that you want am
really bad at plugging in my laptop I
feel like once my laptop guys look well
I'm done for the day they can't be and
you can find my charger and got another
floor of the house my life is so hard
really facilitating that's not be
privileged brats let's get up looks like
is that oh who the hell done this
thinking this is a good idea who's
sabotaging me on my Peter 6-pack Kyle
did you use M&Ms yeah you guys see yeah
but why'd you do this you this is
sabotaging me you know what a strict
diet what's up buddy oh yeah okay you
thinking better than me now just cuz you
can see your feet when you look down
whatever okay so my mom's Christmas gift
for house woman give this to ride and
she bought me a back and with him so she
Frankie buy cheap vacuums she got me
just borrow bougie back was a Dyson it's
a Dyson dad cuz I keep buying back into
like $29.99 why doesn't work she bought
me this dog vacuum this open it up to
see what geez I'm so excited cord free
hassle free either all the words I like
to hear oh it's so thin it looks like a
transformer doesn't have a bag crevice
tool combination tool mini soft dusting
brush mini motorized tool added-value
hardwood floor - hi mom I
to show you I'm using your gift before
as we can see it's a hot effin mess
let's see how it turns on three totally
before use
that's happening hello hello most makes
no sense watch so we didn't have the
correct attachment piece oh look at that
look at that much more heavy duty black
ops was promised in this joint
Wow
yeah that doesn't really good Molly made
that just perfect with the highest and
most high-tech gear right here is it
really cool that's really good
it's a brand new carpet right we're
gonna do my locking with this thing just
bringing back in my clothes I recognize
this outfit from yesterday and the day
before the day before which I say I'm a
water brother
so my camera's not gonna focusing it's
even harder for not because she moved so
much not I literally came bearing gifts
of deep-dish pizzas yep shoot that
stuff is really good that was your
attempt to not swear Brigid yeah I
already said the Christmas tree so I'm
kind of an idiot I only got this many
ornaments cause I didn't as a tree was
knife until like I should have known
better but now I feel like the front of
the tree should be decorated and the
back can be like covered maybe a huge
double yes um I don't think that's
enough for even one third of the front
of the tree it's nine feet tall
can we least try yeah I'm not a failure
we're gonna order more stuff that's
what's gonna happen
you realize that right so we either do
it now or once we fail No
so our entire tree supposed to be lit
with this one plugin this what we got so
far we did it not time to decorate with
our very very limited resources
Oh
hey nada
do you think this is a fornum into the
tree and I'm meeting my words I'm really
hungry so I got a lot of work to eat but
this is what we got so far and we're not
even done yet and we got off at the pops
of blew down yay this is my first ever
own Christmas through unicorn island s
we just need something for the top but
you like it the colors boom how deep
dish pizza from the Chicago lady herself
is it good it's really good fun it's
really hot you got my popcorn do
something exciting it's something
exciting yes we're gonna watch some full
house I just did so much work went
through all my emails did everything
nada have you in productive I've been
really productive yeah I'm more than
more than anything by oh wow time before
the house hmm not us going home for the
holiday so early to be gone for so long
I'm sorry say bye to you super when are
you gonna come back in Our Lives January
2nd more importantly a generally second
in his BA live in mud it's gonna be a
new but you your new buck continue
talking about your but it's time my
butt's a little sore it feels good you
know I like that kind of makes me
remember that I have a but you know
quick-fire around with Derek Provo Jer
got you ask the questions you answer the
quick as you can okay it's particle hop
letter blew up or down oh that's right
day or night this be just no Christmas
Halloween Lilly receive Roland good
YouTube or Netflix I know what you
wanted good I'll attack and you pass my
friend you pass sweet is healthy Oh
second boat oh okay ice-cream cone about
cake what kind of milkshake how are you
Oh
larger song that is very good
don't don't go right there yeah
this has been a moment with Derrick
level classes hey Pablo
show us your buns of steel but with my
pants on I mean hey I mean okay yes with
your pants on give us your best but flex
oh that's that's not how you want to
show up uh you don't wanna show the play
oh we're gonna learn how to show a butt
welcome to how to show a butt with Derek
Robbo please show your best but right
now you want to you know the buttons
best on flexed okay you know you've got
a good muscle structure but then if your
unflexible better watch Nacho Libre like
this I like it but let's do I mean
whatever I guess you could stay in my
house today
goodnight beautiful Christmas tree your
lint let's go to the toilet oh I need
Tony Tony looks at new toilet today
we're go to this toilet does no room for
you today very nice thank you for
joining me today very weird day where I
slept in I did a lot of work today
though I watched them fuller house i
watch another episode of jane the virgin
and morrow morning after work about
eight to shoot another club so I'm
excited about it tomorrow's new
interesting because we're shooting Club
and also releasing it tomorrow
and so happens when you gotta roll with
the budget but I hope you had a great
day and tomorrow that also continues
cook if you liked it subscribe and you
like it subscribe you're already saying
good looking or some you good what you
seeing how was your day come below let
me know that's the comments sections for
what is my last night right there last
video right there makes you subscribe yo
you know why why not
that's what
