I hope this oh mighty gift yo what's up
what's up good morning good afternoon I
slept in a little bit but you know I did
work last night he saw good day is what
is it 14 what is it Wednesday I really
see a collab today so when you're
watching this right now yesterday I
would have released a clouds breaks that
we'll talk about in a second Kyle just
picked up a bunch of gifts for me from
my stylist who got me some women luggage
and student your shoes that's all new
luggage too excited got a super Vinod
happened Jake but Wi-Fi people are
coming so finally my Wi-Fi issues will
be song is homie wedding got an 18-2
extender hopefully my phone is not broke
up it's all about relieving the stress
through various methods okay parent I
got these cute shoes let's see oh yeah
no I took them out oh yeah are you ready
for that are you ready for everybody
ever did these are doe yeah that 20
hours in NYC I am ready for you ready
for you can I drink today okay you doing
good
yeah we have a lot of important but it's
all lining up that's a lot none of its
lining up all of its lining up are you
putting that out in the earth it's
lining up like people parking here and
Christmas Eve that is crooked as f and
all over the place is a hot mess but we
are gonna be confident and we're gonna
be awesome the club at least yesterday
was with who was it with
ah he's like let me check oh wait a sec
hey stranger kids stranger kid that's
right injury yes
so Noah is actually like a huge fan of
mine which is very sweet because I love
this show so we connected on Twitter and
he's the cutest most adorable and Caleb
came we're trying to get get and he
couldn't come unfortunately so we had to
like makeshift with an alternative
ending but all which oh well I love it I
think it's funny I hope you like this
well not gonna lie the claves are
getting harder and harder to do because
people now are like we're in the zone of
like people switching their schedules
and like canceling on us or whatever so
we're just trying to roll with the
punches as a theme I want to make it
happen and today's gonna be good and we
have to write a bunch of scripts and do
much things I got my ninth book
Christmas tree over there but I Amazon
the ornaments particular colors using
that gift card just seeing gave me so
much Christmas true that should be
sponsored but I just bulgar probably
you so Derek took a shower here and he
forgot his jeans
honestly I'm just I'm for like tell him
to fly back to LA to pick up his jeans
real thing and sit there forever
so I'm out here telling Kyle something
so the other day I was going through my
cupboard over here I just walk into that
counter I want everyone to know this is
why I have roses
and I tried these cookies this was our
back to my house for one Richard in
class this is not a brand deal I do not
have a brand dealership Savoy but I was
just intrigued because they say red
velvet and I was like what in the actual
act so I tried one I almost had a mother
effer mental breakdown I literally
started sweating they are so stupidly
good and they need to be removed from my
house immediately reality this entire
thing and she the fattest calendar so
now you're gonna try one like do you
like red velvet to beginner um not
really
we're gonna make a nice sexual moment
sexual montage start now oh don't be so
mean
mmm how is it really though it's really
good right wait little bumpy one
haha this is like a type of goodness
where you're like you feel bad about
yourself right right right right right
right cuz what it is it's just white
chocolate chips and there's a cream
filling inside it's so damn good like
it's so Kyle was suggesting that for a
super beloved give I do some sort of
giveaway so like should I give away your
booty mm-hmm that's easy though
something that people can't get easily
I'm glad you're self-aware
that's good that's very good Kyle
weren't you just saying how you loved
being around me so much you're saying
that right you're just basically saying
how like you love working with me and
how I'm like a best it ever happened to
you right you know just talking for a
couple hours about it yeah how love
being blogged one eating the big mouth
for food mm-hmm and talking about your
booty mmhmm yeah do a sassy sip ask
superwoman live is going down this is
really awful cuz I've nine minutes left
but I have to end it early cuz I have to
poop that's the first day I so I'm
getting these internet things installed
my current dilemma is that it needs to
be plugged into these on every floor and
these are like in the middle of the wall
which means that this thing is gonna be
hanging which is so annoying
so now need to hire another contractor
to move those things lower just
essentially means cutting the wall and
then hire another person to reap atching
and painting I'm like why would they
have these in the middle of the wall
aren't they usually lower it just makes
no sense and you can just assume I'm an
amount of TV although I did but I'm also
like to point out that I had to put that
over there get installed anyways why
homeownership I'm telling you tough it's
a tough cookie you also want to open
this and we do an unboxing special
because I know it's my new luggage I
think I'll do again good we just locked
today like all three different clubs so
we locked all the remaining collabs
today let's see how many we got you
walked we looking at the names right
here when you get them right now one two
three yeah we lost three cluster yeah
did you order me any cheating thanks
play okay I got you extra boba
oh is that delete you got same thing no
but was a little round chewy don't I
like those bullseye
you know what my house didn't have
enough up so now I got more of them
boxes
I'm have enough cells to give me some
more I'm about to open this right now
okay that's such a white people what you
mean white people oh I wasn't have
enough white people my house has enough
white people I promise you you count
this three um we're gonna open these
easy weddings I just like also I bought
assessments so cute look how cute this
is come on ha wait how does Jennifer
Lawrence fit in this box is a good idea
think music is the movie teacher I'm
here on life of a massive unboxing
special I'm gonna be honest I've never
watched an unboxing video but I'm gonna
try to imitate one right now all right
everyone we've got here away brain you
love it
so I invited my son settle in they want
to send me luggage apparently I'm not
mistaken one of the pieces has a phone
charger built into it I go alright
please offer psychic trees here I'm
housing our new luggage very cool look
at this box that's really cool we'll
take this hey my own Italian fine young
CEO shit okay here we go we go yeah when
you found respect for anyone that
doesn't
hold up hold up wait a minute let me put
the new luggage in it wow it's not
really nice oh I have a built-in lock
thing already there it's really like
flying off to the right that's cool Wow
oh this I like cuz it's basically for
like yours other small items like okay I
like that knob - how do I open it no I
hope this is a different color because I
wanted them different color if this
actually has a phone charger built-in
I'm going to be over the moon me trying
to finish let's see when you push it
already
maman okay where is the Bobo oh hold on
what is this that's a king wait okay see
that this is something this is amazing I
know where does the charge of go hold on
I lifted this one is coming getting here
it is Wow so how does this do you charge
the suitcase yes I said I think you have
to charge them charge the suitcase
that's Jo let's see if not I can fit in
this box oh my god you are ridiculous
you are at
come on horrifying jack-in-the-box
effort I just need to point out that we
have a lovely guest here right now and
there's fixing our Wi-Fi and these two
are talking about pooping their pens so
publicly I've said over and over again
we haven't guessed this poor person yeah
so I'm not embarrassed
we're both adults cool adult maybe
that's maybe comment below with your
hands yes the conversation does not stop
I'm getting this thing installed you
might think it's the set of the new Star
Trek movie but really it's a router and
it can't move them this one this Star
Trek like thing is making the Wi-Fi job
I was so annoyed of his jeans being here
that I actually made him fly back here
to pick him up oh thanks oh goes back
how to shoot some videos lucky for you
also have a headache right now oh you
could give me a social to massage your
lucky date that's my favorite thanks for
taking care of my jeans for me yeah no
problem
i watered them I have a migraine I have
a lot of green I have a lovely I'm gonna
bend too much for today but it's okay I
had a tiring day and I'm mentally
exhausted tomorrow is dedicated to
writing scripts and doing creatives I'm
so happy with the clapton also YouTube's
having major problems I just messaged
sorry about it I was like yo YouTube's
you count it's a lot of craters been
complaining it's been like frozen for
two days but so good I love know I love
Cal by hope you enjoy the clap they're
so sweet and wonderful Noah's just I
want to adopt him and make him my child
he's so adorable
yeah it's going 20 I'm nothing to
sandwich with actually I sit on the
stool pretend it's a toilet toilet linen
Yaga and nada thank you for joining me
on today I have a huge headache I'm
gonna go to bed semi productive day it
was few curveballs but tomorrow when we
super productive well make it happen I
hope you had a great day on the claps
continues oops if you liked it subscribe
if you like it subscribe my head is
hurting in there something stabbing my
brain you can make me feel better if you
click subscribe or click on these links
that's an odd I subscribe that's what II
think that's what he said
