I did a horrible thing good morning good
afternoon
I slept in but I finished my script I
finish the script had to finish now
we're gonna shoot it it's funny I think
I hope kinda I don't know hopefully
maybe but I did a horrible thing I
already message humble about it because
I feel so guilty this what happened I
was washing the dishes I ready for this
I broke a bowl oh my god of course we
know the TLP glasses their lifespan is
short what the bowl a bowl has never
been broken when I broke this bowl I
literally staring at it for 90 whole
seconds and vitamin C played in my brain
it was literally like this in fact you
know what we make a montage right now of
all the good times me this both had
together to vitamin C like
all the times me and two
and now this I killed it looking I can't
show this out I would have to leave this
year and now let's look at this art
essentially it's the plate put some nuts
in there right right right
do you know how hard it is for me to
shoot any skits in a bedroom because I
don't have okay my jeep bottom jeez I
don't have one
sooo my bed so it's a little bit
difficult when it's kissing like in her
bedroom on her bed almost I do you
realize the lies of you that may very
happy it makes me really happy when
humble like stuff because I know my
humor and humbles humor is a little
different so if he laughs that stuff
that I'm like yeah crossed over and like
made made him laugh so it makes me very
happy it's in the comments I'm not gonna
lie yesterday I was a little bit sad
because I'm the comments are like so
disappointing this cloud I expected so
much more it was like what makes me
really sad but then I had to have a talk
with myself cuz I really liked it the
thing with the collabs are I know a lot
of my audience is like we just want you
ran be your parents and ran and do this
but my the clouds are my opportunity to
like try different things I need to
collab with 12 awesome people and try
different things
of course my clouds are done I go we'll
go back to ranting and doing the videos
you're used to but I really appreciate
that y'all are being supportive well the
majority of you are being supportive of
seeing new videos like the videos of
grief of 12 clubs like are things that
usually don't do I usually don't having
other actors and actresses and like
skits that elaborate ins really exciting
for my creativeness it's exhilarating
and you know what I wrote today it's
like unlike anything I've done before so
if you're enjoying them that makes me
happy and if you're not you're like go
back to your regular videos like you you
will kind of go back to that in some
extent next year so just let's be
patient a nice piece of work because I'm
working like hard on them here don't go
oh they have a problem on that note I
have to say I was really silver lining
of this whole situation not that's a bad
one was last night I had the best talk
with myself talking to yourself is the
best I had the best talk where I like
hugged myself and I was like I'm really
proud of you and all the work you're
putting in in all the videos you're
making are making me very happy it's the
best feeling ever one you spend quality
time with yourself I encourage it you
don't spend quality time with yourself I
encourage you to do it i I I feel like
I'm weird today so I can wear today I
also feel I can wear the exact same
clothes and nothing is cheating cuz my
nails like that maybe I should fix that
I know we'll see
straight up I feel like I've been mangy
thin but Angie just as much as I've been
myself these past couple of days like
I'm having an identity crisis I don't
know who I am Who am I
I don't know welcome what am I saying
welcome to yellow sugar I don't know why
that came to my head but did you dance
to the gallic you dancing welcome to
girl damn sugar it's not welcome what I
keep saying welcome here come here come
to goddamn sugar no y'all I need this
sling we're gonna tell me there's no
separation of blood no I should have
liked this unless you really want to be
disappointed what what what is it what
way is it about a collapse a yes or no
is it what a clever and cancelled not
canceled dis reworking it so everyone
know that if there's any shots of Minji
thin bottom G's in the same frame it's
because of this genius right here who
wants it to happen we're gonna shoot um
since these in my room my room booked
it's actually the script I came up with
it's perfect for my room being like this
he's gonna have to destroy it
you doing a good job Pablo oh thank you
you're being very fast and efficient
trying and very good I appreciate that
you're good guy you're gonna give us
another dance today
oh yeah or anything you uh yeah I guess
it moves oh snap you do like uh like a
disco dance but we can say that for now
that's not gonna hold yeah cuz you don't
wanna give away for free everything
debris right yes a different genre oh I
just like to point out there's no
spoilers on this page but imma show you
like roughly let me double check
yeah no look look at this year the
script is formatted I've learned to
spoil my my own scripts like that like I
wrote that I know how to do like the
shot the action what the dialogue isn't
care to like how to format properly yet
steppum hug game up I'm just like this
is the game right here and I'm just like
I'm like this and then I was like step
on up Connor why don't you tell us
what's happening right now I'm becoming
a new person I've easily
the best version of me I would say do
you work makes the dream work is Anthony
Anthony says he like skittles Effie
let's separate to my office over here no
no no fair oh you open that drive me
over this yeah oh my god
cuz awesome yeah these are like he's
suing the best these two are the best oh
and then the screaming ever me you open
that go right into it no way this is
more no bottom in hi oh gosh
judge one here sup forever except for
one scene that is a wrap and today I had
to eat two ice cream cones with vo -
against my will for the shoot not for
any of my enjoyment
yo what a great day of shooting um my
stomach is all set from the ice cream
ate all ice cream but again it was for
the shot it wasn't wensel it was against
my will basically I am actually going to
the time is what time is it
yes Chad the time is 10 p.m. I'm going
to drop of hard drive to someone that's
about 20 minutes away ah what do that
I'm excited to just send my car listen
to music gonna be like my break I'm so
excited let's go for a drive
so I forgot to charge my car and I only
have 94 kilometers so watch see if I
want to make this trip or not hmm
h2o I'm parched kidding it's actually
water it's not bad guy don't believe in
drinking and driving that is not cool
I believe been drinking otherwise but
not drinking driving not cool
just the whitest I love it I love it you
know I'm not excited to do right now
Peck because my house is not an impact
that's packing for New York right now
does not sound like fun because I find
things pack that I need to pack three or
four outfits I'm really really tired as
a little bit past midnight on a pack
number we're gonna script until I fall
asleep I also a full inbox I don't know
what to do and how I did it kind of I
said I am gonna be missing a thousand
things because now my cells I'm packed
so not the usual process you know Ted
and palm weights according hello wow
what a productive day at a really long
shoot today
pack myself I cannot wait I mean I love
the tall clouds right now we told her
over so that I can unpack my house and
get back to you know putting art on the
wall and buying things from Ikea and
assembling them and going through the
whole process but until then we're tough
it out I'm trying to pry this door open
don't you love me we are heading to New
York in a few hours and it's gonna be
cold there bear it's cold in there there
must be some tall rooms in the
atmosphere I know it's here but I sit
there but you know if you know that's
from comment below we can be friends I
don't know because I only get a few
hours of sleep after leave a little bit
pebbles also come to New York he leaves
you and earlier but learn in New York
you're shooting clubs everything is
happening thank you for joining you on
today and remember that if you ever want
to see a new super 1 vlog
new blogs comm is where we're set you
mean until tomorrow if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe now
thanks for watching my vlog in case you
didn't know you see these a box with all
those boxes then you can put them on
your phone pool that's right now works
on your phone my last blog my last video
I'm gonna just make noises also make
sure you subscribe because yo I'm also
just think noses until this 20 seconds
is done in case has been 20 seconds yet
ah
