I woke up as my date card look yo what's
up I had the weirdest I had went about 7
a.m. last night I woke up at like 1:00
p.m. but I was waking up every like an
hour 30 minutes before that to like
check stuff and emails and stuffs I just
had a very disoriented morning I slept
in my manuchehr because I was like and
then K I think I'm doing so many things
going over the clap for today
shooting something right now Matt emails
I just my brain is split into 17
different pieces and I'm just like oh
but we're gonna go to court something
right now it involves five of my
character so I'm doing mine G but mg and
uncle and cousin so legit five
characters ho gonna make it happen you
know why cuz we committed to 12 claps
speaking of collapse by the time you're
watching this right now you would have
known that yesterday kid today right now
in real time I finally released a collab
with Liza you all should be so happy
we're gonna talk more about that in a
second how many people are busted Liza
but first I gotta get ready and get
shooting cuz they can whup me they're
gonna work I'm gonna get whooped Lego
character 1 let's get some bling on my
fingers just go doesn't perfect is it
intimidating to sit next to someone so
sexy isn't a man is it next to someone
so talented
oh yeah more Peplow we're trying to fool
around I don't pushes you interpreters
by shooting ok right now come on I don't
appreciate you and dropping off fooling
around get back to work come back cuz
this is how we get eyelines right here
man eject how's his name Benji that good
oh good
how do you the mom's name bottom G
what's your name
okay I have a pet lizard also this wig
out of all the ways I have is the
tightest in every town this character my
brain is the really squeezing out of my
ears because it's so tight and so
painful but I'm done two characters
three more to go
I'm gonna lie really really super tired
have a lot of exciting things to tell
you not tell you as soon as we're done
sure uncle undressing your like that
you're like it oh good thank you I could
be a ventriloquist can't say I'm ugly
okay piggy
okay good pig thank you my genius I
guess I'll get this betaking a brain
recording right now hello every you know
thank you Oh or did you break to pull a
prank to them a prankster niche or we're
gonna do it we've been planning this
island things for like months basically
a long time ago someone told me a story
it was someone that works on planes -
they're like yeah ones Duane pulled a
prank on someone he was like they wanted
to do a movie with him and he read the
script he like scared the crap and them
be like you know what I want to do it
but like I don't want this to get weird
so if I decide do it I'm just gonna like
send you an emoji and instead of an
emoji you sent like a billion things to
the person cells in the spirit of Duane
being my babe what I decide to do is
basically not a you know I work with
nada
and there's been a contract pending to
continue our work relationship and I've
been holding it off what I'm gonna
basically do is I'm gonna text her and
she thinks it's like confirm right she
thinks is like yeah 100% buddy she
thinks is locked in all those waiting is
my signature summer text her right now
being like hey um listen I'm Lu sorry
but something came up with the contract
and I really don't want to affect our
friendship and I don't want this getting
away I figure some stuff out I have to
not go through with this right now but
just so we don't make this awkward if I
do decide to sign it I'll just send you
like a pineapple emoji just so it's not
awkward and then we're gonna post mate
like 20 pineapples through her office
cannot work and we're gonna go pro in
her office we your basic them up where
do people where you okay I was like this
it I only wanted to wait with it in like
30 minutes chill no we're joking this is
mother effers like why do we just let
her wait overnight like wait from now
like we can know I would email
nada now you know who your real friends
at I'm gonna send this text uh ignore
this text that says I really hope to
pick your nose is about something else
they say hey babe hug this is really
annoying but I have some kind of not
have some not some not great news I have
to hold off on signing the contract for
now because something came up
okay as much like something that's good
gift is hey babe ugh this is really
annoying what I have
not great news I have to hold off on
signing the contract for now because
something came up
I'm trying to resolve ASAP but basically
there's been some concerns I'm trying to
sort up
I really don't want this to affect our
friendship or be awkward and about
having these combos everything works out
I'll send you a pineapple emoji or
something otherwise not that sad face
I'll keep you posted
I'm sorry ex second grade I got bars a
situation happening for me 40 minutes so
we can learn some for 40 minutes look at
look at this makeup evil right here said
okay so what's gonna happen to be super
understanding you're gonna tech Sameach
me like oh like what I'm sorry I never
want to talk about this couch like what
is fatality I'm Rowan Ellen thinking I
was doing it he said no one's getting
hurt
okay except for people's feelings they
need to know all these things Oh
specifically - not about the pineapples
- not in her in her lap in her buddy
neck okay it's not mean because it's
good to have a happy ending we know that
if there was any chance that it wasn't
going to work out I would never do this
Rex no it can be highly efficient like
you idiots okay this is not this
artillery he's executing this dirty work
for us why is your phone orange I'll
always have this has a sleep screen
thing on holiday okay so not a replied
and just that I heard Java trying to
play this joke on me now I'm pissed
there are no told her just any phone who
this but they tell us that also
signature a little signature I love you
in your books
mom's about to be like it's not gel okay
good but her hello you see my one
pineapple okay what are you doing to my
I do so hard
okay but not honestly were you scared
for one second in these tell me about
your handsome I thought there you have
an ad on the blog that Sarah is a waste
you to laugh on the blog right there
oh just finish editing the BTS there's
so much footage from the lies like love
because it's so fun I love this though
I've loved every crime I've done so far
I've loved it so much and this is what
like having a team is like a shooter and
someone that like knows how to color and
so that knows how to do sound and it's
been really enjoyable for that reason so
I'm really setting a precedent for the
rest of my videos because this is how I
wanted to be like after the clouds are
done I wanted to be where I can focus on
writing scripts and being creative and I
have a team so I'm really proud of
everything that's happening really happy
got a really all my muscle I have a lot
of Chin's trouble go to the gym or I
could just love myself more um as I was
mentioning earlier the club is with Liza
she's so funny and she's so good and I
want to talk about the things I'm seeing
in the comments mean Liza briefly spoke
about this in person um this is coming
from me I can't speak on behalf of Liza
although I know she can relate to it and
saying it's no secret that under all of
my videos there's hundreds of comments
being like collab with Liza collab with
Liza and uh since months ago I was like
oh I'm gonna do it for club talk laughs
I'm gonna do it well claps I wish they
knew that but one of the comments
yesterday um I want to talk about was
someone replied been like guys stop
commented saying club of Liza she's
obviously in a clap Eliza and it's
annoying that you guys commenting it
because she's doing all these other
clubs and you know I'm always honest
with you and I love you and I like to
talk about critical thinking because I'd
like to encourage everyone in my
audience of my friends my family to
think critically about things I
love Liza I am so when I went to go
beyond all the comments and everything
it's when I started YouTube in 2010 I
was the only brown girl on YouTube and
as much as like sometimes it does get a
little bit like okay guys I'm gonna
compromise it don't worry it means a lot
to me that she's so funny and so
hilarious and so wonderful and lovely in
real life because my existence would be
useless if there were if there wasn't an
opportunity for another brown girl to be
on YouTube I would never want to be
where and I hope this is coming across
the way I want to come across but I
would never have wanted it to been like
oh this brown girl on YouTube okay now
she's gone that was a brown girl on
YouTube I want to make it where you
don't identify creators as like the
brown creators know why is it gotta be
that I'm the brown grown YouTube and
lies is another brown girl on YouTube
and so now we need to like put them
together and compare them know we're
both our own people were both funny I
hope I'm funny I know she's a team
player is I think the one thing that
irks me about that was the whole oh
there's two brown people on YouTube well
okay no we have to choose one of them
dude she's her own person I'm my own
person I president she's ten times by
the other I told I told her in person
with you are ten times funnier than me
girl need to be my sugar mama one of the
comments that kind of stung just a
little bit little bit was honestly like
I don't care right here these are the
collabs I felt apply blue eyes and I'm
like I'm putting in work in these clouds
right now and obviously I'm excited
about the logic lab she's hilarious
wonderful but something just critically
think about is that I would really love
if my comments could kind of go back to
being about the video you're watching
you know if it's a cloud with Gina and
you're excited what allies a club I get
that but like tell me if you like the
genic lab tell me if I didn't like the
genic lab tell me something about the
Juna vibe tell me something with the
markiplier Club that's something nice
1rz share with you I don't want not
upset I'm not a feel aside type away I
know I was talking to her about and she
gets all the comments as well and she
gets everyone being like yo are you
trying to be like it doesn't need to be
like that you know I believe in girl
love and I believe we've been supporting
one another and I really really do try
to practice what I preach and so just
some food for thought and now's rent and
then I went on and then I didn't shut up
and now I'm going some pad thai let go
what's up hey nada
how are the pineapple gone so I googled
recipes for pineapples pina coladas
basically every day that's bad okay
so you weren't even scared for one
second my mom is scared God where you
were right where do you get one second I
thought it was someone else because I
came up on my computer and it just said
the phone number
oh so you're scared cuz you thought was
someone else you weren't gonna know okay
Jill comes out bones up just like yeah I
thought it was nail art but I mean I
love you either way
Oh either right but I love my pineapples
not I can you explain what the hell you
slept again last night no matter what
happened that's the noise you make no
matter what and then I ate all the glue
you're good I know hmm we just spent 20
minutes collectively trying to figure
out our text to someone I'm trying to
clab with he's a hot boy and all these
people to try and help you send a text
hey give up yourself so coffee so
hey I don't know who's this got to teach
me oh that's why I closed it that's like
I closed it whoo look at that beauty
dinner all right the beers in court in
ten minutes I'm very excited I wanted to
collab with Liza for a real long time I
think just wonderful um I think all of
you every like get lured really her in
the club so I'm just gonna drop a little
lemonade right now stop be like collab
number 3 featuring lies like um she
comes out in ten minutes let's do it I'm
so tired
I remove them the frame on the frame
frame it man yo I so tired need to sleep
waiting to wear script because on
Wednesday morning I'm going to New York
for some book stuff and some clubs and I
need to I script for it because I need
to shoot some of the parts tomorrow
I've been shooting every single day I'm
not complaining I'm just expressing I'm
tired not complaining because I'm loving
the quit look away the way the collapse
are turning out I really am I hope
you're enjoying them a little bit
different than my normal videos but like
they're fun and the more produced
remember was still pretty hella ratchet
but I mean they're just fine and I hope
you're liking them come on let me know
what you're liking about them and if
you're liking them and if you're not
liking them let me know
a try scrap your chick a nap teen that
would be a bad idea right right right
well maybe I'll do it stay tuned it's
like an hour
four and a half later that's what I've
been doing I'm lying here I didn't sleep
I'm on my phone I've been texting
license back and forth we're just
talking crap and so plenty what I'm
sending stupid pictures we have on our
phones from the shoot to each other
which is hilarious videos while he's
talking about collabs for her channel
which will happen don't bother about a
touch he'll do when she wants to do it
and I thought of some ideas for my
script as well I'm thinking I'm gonna
wash my face type up some stuff really I
don't do flush at the complete script I
seen two right locations camera memory
now does no flip screen so that's like
you vlogging like hello hello I looked
about install part I see to write out
locations I might need and like general
ideas and tomorrow in the morning I'll
flush out the whole script but that's
I'm going to do is there's my face on my
butt too much too much stuff a little
bit of monkeys beard in certain places
my nail polish is so crusty look at this
nail who do I think I am walk around
these crusty motherf---ing nails I think
can we talk about something real quick
and I wasn't real quick this is some
real late night talk if you want to keep
it real image I personally like all but
ignore this I'm not gonna dress it but
I'm just like you know what eff that I'm
gonna totally address it because cuz
whatever whatever you need to think the
Forbes thing comes out like Oh highest
paid YouTube stars net tagging all these
things some people call it so cool and
so proud of you and all this I know my
friends are gonna see their mess me be
like oh somebody getting money and I'm
too like that you know I woke up in
Wendy's chair today little mother for
nail polish you all I bet you have mac
and cheese for dinner money is cool but
yo don't let money be the main reason
you do things and I know that's like I
did money isn't weird money is weird
right money's over there's like money is
weird I just wanted to address this cuz
I know it's gonna come up I'm gonna
maintain one more time that money is the
result of what I do it's not why do I do
I'm in a very blessed and fortunate
position to be where I am but I just
want to like be like you if you think
I'm like some Mooji glamorous person
let's just be the answer right here I'll
probably do the rest of my collab with
this month ends up looking like this
straight-up have got my eyebrows on
since 1998 up in here let's just be real
right now today they're the eyebrow look
at that eyebrow
connect tell you what my favorite part
of shooting with Liza was I opened my
makeup bag my makeup biggest old block
up I'm talking like all of my makeup
looks like this
where the lid is like missing and it
just explodes everywhere she looked my
bag and she's like girl how your bank
like my bag like earlier back just after
but she didn't judge me I appreciate
that she's like this ugly she liked my
bag like this but go your bags ugly
she's like seven different things that I
brought this is my aunt eyelash curler
right here this part fell off everyone's
are well my hand clips though my
eyelashes come off it's just like I
remember that time I don't want to pay
for boxes so I went to a grocery store
I'd like to come parking lots to find
them we always talk about Forbes all
right we under self upwards oh come on
or I got come on now from Gina come on I
love Gina I'm just talking crap right
now because I don't know how much I've
lost and I'm just like blogging a bunch
stuff I'm sorry I'm gonna sit on the
toilet now oh you only be done with my
thoughts and feelings let me get real
with you I hope that's cool and is cool
I think you should be cool we're friends
and I want to tell you what I feel and
how I feel about things I'm feeling
really great about everything that's
happened in my life right now most
ratings on planes tomorrow I'm shooting
on the next day I went to New York the
hustle is continuing the busyness is
continuing am I tired you am i a little
bit like mentally drained these do I
have eyebrows that are kind of after
brighten up those wings but we're gonna
keep doing I think thank you so much for
supporting all of my claps and allowing
me to experiment creatively and just
being there for me you I'm having a
moment right now I'm just like yo what
the f thinks we push the best and so I
cannot wait to spend another day with
you tomorrow this the mic and becoming
the mic if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe yeah jiggle-jiggle hi
dr. Hyde Hyde Jekyll Jekyll Jekyll Hyde
Jekyll Jekyll Jekyll Hyde Jekyll Hyde
Hyde Jekyll Jekyll Jekyll Hyde dr. Hyde
Hyde Jekyll Jekyll Jekyll Hyde chapter
yuck yuck Oh yuck Oh chucka Oh chucka
Hyde Hyde Jekyll Jekyll Jekyll Hyde dr.
Hyde Hyde Jekyll
