whoa just because we're the same skin
color it doesn't mean we're the same
yeah um we're our own person
yeah Coursera no English just because
we're ethnic it doesn't mean fish okay
goddamn it living the stereotype right
now oh god damn it Brown Oh goddamn
horses not on the list
oh man you over though are you on the
guest list
bad guy go go go oh you're doing I don't
have cash can you cover me on this guy
yeah man
hold my purse and my script man I just
want you I got a problem with him oh
your fault yeah I can't work underneath
it I'm 20 let me in the club it's leave
let's go it is in Canada as I'm stressed
about it
this is our song to his club right and I
don't know if it's gonna work out
because hey I don't know if y'all know
this person okay V I know you like this
person and see I don't know if y'all
want us to club so I'm not really sure
because I have not heard anyone say they
wanted to collab not a real person I
heard one in my class you want to SiC 11
I don't know come then I got not every
single comment I get a driver's none of
my videos yeah no no no tell me I don't
look like you oh my god never never why
don't the same you mother not even know
is different part of the planet he's
different parts of the planet right
that's my only option is pretty bad i
shiny top but I don't want look at doing
sentimental later good I have a little
bit of cleavage oh fuck oh let me just
time there's a big
okay trust me I'd run weight wits alone
I love American life you're saying yes
thanks passion okay I love you Matt no
seriously though she listen I'm so happy
for your success thank you
I'm gonna go take my eggs okay yeah do
one more wrap top no see guys setting up
the bar because her skin is so I'd
realized see right now we're shooting
outside and it's really cold so I'm a
big shot is about does not water but
yeah I'm just having some water bro come
on you drinking water again action
all right so you guys aren't like legit
trying to cut us off so it looks like
you let's take that up let's go to
internet right now I'm sure that looks
classic 20 whisper no they didn't I'm
about to be obnoxious what's up so nice
just sweetheart but of course not man
imma go over there come up behind her
and grind on her booty while she danced
with her friends
girls love that I love it like one when
you sound no.1 me now
can you come up Sooners Wednesday ha
clubbing never again right away be like
yo we gotta go cuz I have like an
awkward pause everything
don't be opened up my name is what does
whatever right which I make a movie we
do create a sub no stop you guys any
words to say about Lilly Singh and how
amazing she uh her outfit was great
attitude right Django yes she's a boss
on set right right she commands it right
hi let's go she knows what she wants
also shit bye guys let's do it with you
he did it he did it
I don't you see this or the internet
ceases but you are really amazing in
bearings and I love my job
yes I almost so tell dude stop I was all
wonderful
we're just saying like my comment had to
be flooded with anyone's name I want it
to be yours
I want it to be yours oh wait a dream
came true it already
oh good I stopped it no just two girls
meeting the eyebrows nothing to see here
yeah okay surprise okay so of me not to
laugh you're so funny it happens really
this is genius out of where your Lincoln
it wouldn't stop work stop pointing
somewhere dude you got to go see this
collab man she killed it dude this was a
freaking honor you don't know you are
wonderful
money a year and three months or four
months ago yes your second daughter in
2010 and I was like yo and I time was
like the only brown girl and I'm like
too proud that I'm up first and last
what that is up in the place what's up
go straight up we understand I'm a
retired guys that you guys haven't be
sugar mamas yo man you'll be my super
mama you hell yeah rolling are you
rolling is it rolling still bless you be
laughing at me very greatest still
particle see that what was my motivation
I was upset that's why thank you okay
okay
okay good god what good night
I say okay goodnight nut okay Google
still Party City dumbhead no series a
poem okay Donna stand by
I stand by my play after cambium is
stand by please
reached stand by piece for our day
please thank you so very good little bit
stunned by this much enjoy bye bye bye
it's 2016
good done
