absolutely so I'm heading to shoot
another club today I'm very excited
about this water that can I expect you
how difficult it is to get ready for
collabs and pack stuff when all my stuff
is in boxes literally me going through
my room like tripping all boxes sliding
on things my shoe is tangled in my
underwear carry on so I've decided to
problem-solve and not complain when I
get home from shooting today I'm going
to unpack at least my room because Kyle
was not just absolutely a disaster it's
just a hot mess and like trying to find
specific pairs of heels and shirts and
it's just disastrous or I hate this club
it's gonna be so much fun I got this
group right here I'm going over it we're
so prepared this is the face of people
that I prepared the boss a balloon man
oh boy has a motorbike each other look
him up a little bit right now well a
tiny tiny bit right what's going on the
nose ring it's all the nose were on cam
we had it we out here let's be
productive I just talked to my spit
let's be productive let's be efficient
and more importantly let's have fun
because when you're having fun and
everyone's happy things turn on a lot
better leg up oh my god I also
completely forgot to give you a life
update yesterday I didn't vlog because I
woke up with like the most horrendous
migrate of my life literally I was
shooting the rest of homeless music
video which looks sick by the way our
time director no big deal I was standing
by this thing just waiting to throw up
because I was just like constantly
nauseous was so bad so it's so bad that
inside not to vlog which is kind of a
bummer cause it's pretty eventful day we
shot almost music video I did so much
work I was so damn productive Pueblo is
in LA he's gonna be at this she were
doing right now also humble left and I'm
sorry I couldn't vlog about humble left
to go back to Toronto he's taking his
friends to Kenya so he won't be seeing
humble for a while I'm so sad actually
left I felt some type of way about it
Michael I was like y'all I feel really
lonely in this big house now all alone
and then I heard like mad noises and I
was like Hello
puts a spotlight but I am you know what
I knew
okay twelve collabs of Christmas lily
stage one L I ll I take know everyone L
I ll Y take note oh hello old friend
ah look at this I miss you baby I miss
you look who's here
it's me hey guys this your blog camera
this is what I'm using yeah alright cool
this is it what is this what does that
do that's the hey girl up dance nice
Lily please make a music video out of
that small little segment good good I
just finished it in my makeup if I may
say so myself pretty my life and on
point my makeup is today I was like okay
cuz you know what I probably cuz that
bottle water drink yesterday you know
even when you're dressed like a girl
look at me I'm just like a girl in self
Isabella's premiere but when you see
you're gonna tell like you've never seen
it before let go so do you guys seen
right now we're shooting outside and
it's really cold so I'm at a shop is
about cos not water but yeah I'm just
having some water bro come on no just
finished shooting normal day at the job
done saying show little white boy bring
down our you know wait oh oh you don't
wait I'm tan oh yeah yeah you my face yo
you my favorite call out that skin you
my favorite white boy I'm just saying I
will probably a career now that your
cast for the gunpoint to okay don't one
that's a I know this you want me look I
know you want us to go get this you look
really good good really I should go
really funny really good funny really
good it's good what do you thing up was
really good it's amazing okay yeah but
um but no it was in his
but notice fangirl right here yo sama
but that my nightstand from across the
room and stuff nos on y'all we like that
drawer that give that table tennis serve
though good luck watching that I was
like done like that
that's slow-mo perhaps she hot red they
don't say we got them digits we talked
with Tong prepay and I don't forget
references you're never break in hey
three down nine to go
oh yeah no I love doing this is just the
or to you man concerns a lot a lot a lot
of work yeah I want to be like hi
something yesterday the Sun was coming
up and I heard weird noises and I was
melting again and then I didn't even
wake him to talk Kyle walked into my
room literally I didn't hear him walking
got into my house nothing he just like
was a bedroom I bet he's like hey
nothing when you have a coup and these
two and all it turns out to be fun
that's what makes award that's the key I
was kinda I'm like the only way to keep
keeps you keep going is if you have fun
pick your fun size 1 size 1 size not
size up okay yeah
okay can we just talk about how much I
like the Gina collab like I said it's my
favorite club I've ever done in my life
I love the club of Gina it's so cute and
she does such a good job and I'm in love
we're gonna watch it right now
and I usually don't let people watch
videos of me in front of me but I want
to make exception for this one mmmmmm
they've agreed to kind of help me clean
but this is the situation of my room
right now this is the horses why it's
chaotic okay looking like Liz this is
why this morning I was stressed and
tripping over things so we're gonna try
to salvage the situation right now coup
d'etat anxiety why I know what if you're
that move and I know what to tell you
it's not my choice mr. Barney beard oh
my god I am um the awkward moment when
this closet is also not big enough for
all my stuff but it's away but it's
pretty luck hey come on come on
hey and remove the box another box hey
pretty dope right and here is where
we're gonna add we're putting that there
for now because it's really drawers and
cubbies but like I think it looks pretty
it definitely is more spacious and like
this makes me feel good an organized way
I still like in these nooks that can't
reach the clothes still so we're gonna
figure some stuff out so much stuff I
know
MVP right here most valuable player
myself stuff I need to wash my face I
found my makeup wipes ready to do I am
going to deal with this because the room
is more breathable now which I enjoy I
do all this cuz it I normally wake up
one morning be stressed
I'm also shooting a club tomorrow and
I'm gonna have to be all points I'm
gonna deal with this I'm go through some
book stuff I'll write an outline for
tomorrow then I'm go to sleep I've kind
of an effing on my sleep schedule again
because I've been sleeping late
yesterday it's like 5 a.m. by kinda had
no choice because my schedules kind of
really crazy but I'm still waking up
like early so I'm just getting less
sleep right now but that's ok that
moment when the whole video is basically
me with a beard let me show you
something sick I got in my room which
I'm really really feeling okay watch
watch I'm gonna play some macho right
but if I'm cleaning my room I'm like oh
I want to jam hold up way far away for
it
Winston speaker vigil in my room window
window are you thinking about me
the time is 1:20 a.m. I just cleared up
I wash a little bit I can't I feel like
I can't do like a thorough placing and
cleaning up stuff because when I was
packing and throw away anything
I'm not mad ish to throw up and I
haven't done it now either but I'm just
gonna like let it be as long as that
space to move in I know where my most
important things are I don't have to
like super organize everything in top
off my clouds are done but I'm gonna go
through my books for a little bit now
and then when I get sleepy MLI in bed
and then write an outline for tomorrow
until I fall asleep that's plan a
matrons room hello Oh many stairs all
right now I'm sleepy go ahead to the
toilet where I know there's gonna be
hell a lot of echo we don't do it
oh honey Oh involuntary cardio toilet
tuck when Lilly is really I just oh
maybe there's less because the door Oh
doors open here but I think they're
stolen echoing I'm sorry I'll figure it
out
I'm sorry exhausted so much they shout
loud released my second club release the
behind-the-scenes love the cheetah video
love Gina that's my BAE everyone I was
on the shoot today I went really really
well so I hope it turns out amazing is
going to come on on I can't tell you so
stay tuned for that it'll be my third
Club of Christmas so many more to go but
I hope you're enjoying them couple let
me know are you enjoying them I hope you
are because that would make me feel
really happy although I'm having fun
doing them regardless but that would
make me super super happy if you were
enjoying them then I press record I did
tomorrow we have a very long day we're
waking up we are writing our creative
flushing in a script shooting a collab
shooting the other half of my clapham
today
finishing the book stuff and crap I'll
add thing was gonna be fine the Hustle
will continue and until then if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
her mission is finding off nada gotten
to her uber is that over X we're gonna
have a lots of conversation over
hello Lewbert
what because I can hear the
walkie-talkie in Lily's room but I don't
hear anything on mine can you please
confirm if the walkie-talkies in your
butt over completely not what if I'm
talking in my butt
