laughing the Lily said Lana two hours
ago I took a 20-minute nap and which I
was like sweeping them I creative and
then I'll write this joking just joking
then porcupines in the Christmas tree
and them but just at the right rate now
Justin it accrues to be here in nine
minutes
I have a brush everything a shower with
a both those things many steam is
rolling with the punches
rolling the person said we are behind
and most of it is my fault
I didn't have a script or any because
resume happened yesterday and all the
chaos but this is the nature of 12 class
fall good right on printer paper don't
know where it is one the box is my house
is still packed take a moment this is
really hard class is killing me put the
dance lab'ring with really really cool
people
there's three people one of them might
not show up so I don't know I don't know
it looks ok you know what because we
require best and that's what matters
because you know what pay for effort and
what's lesson here never try no try your
hardest and stuff um no shower shower
rolling with the punches
so take some of the challenging because
with some younger people incident so we
make sure the Super's like appropriate
in a frozen cow yeah that is bad even up
fun and outside and I was like it's fine
it's better to ask for permission I know
the left answer forgiveness enough of
Mercia but this thing I want us is
missing because the goal is don't give
up or you try try first so we're to
displace into a winter wonderland right
now it's going to be dope and we're
rolling onesies I was one of the punches
we out here you know
Oh TV right now want to get this started
car let's see your sweater so on brand
Wow my person for you is one of these
but that just make well so do I that's
it we got right here don't be rude I'm
having one of those moments in life
where I realized that children are much
more
the nyam and myself and Stephen funding
right now also I've eaten have them no
big deal not for the Sun speculate but
Radford today we have one more start to
do with one of the people that can come
but hopefully they come on Sunday Monday
and also girl problems when your
foundation done F up everything you've
ever owned by God everything okay yeah
it's like I wanted funnier because we
come yeah you think that the doctor
Lincoln I didn't quite I wrote my
descriptive clothes when we shop so it
couldn't quite get into the character my
family went well so yeah well through
what you're saying
dudes like two thumbs up through the men
when we were in New York and I forgot
everything in life on my computer two
kids of my house and he's also like yo I
hear noises and I was like what alright
so now that we got in with one more
person another day we gotta leave all
this just like this okay well that house
anyway at the beginning with a lot even
commenting saying like lose the new
cameras not working out doesn't focus on
you and you're not in the frame that's
what the current version I'm working
down the flip screen well in like two
weeks when I'm listening we'll have a
clip screen so I know that I can't see
myself now but I know and it will be
solved and all will be well in the world
right path yep is one of those days
where I forgot to eat I'm so hungry I'm
physical pain physical pain as soon as
Isis demons landed make it other words
it wasn't your head is withering away
into nothingness welcome to the World
Championship in boogie we've seen day in
his day okay so concentration did you
see that face across space racer
nothing Oh No
Oh
you some reviewing one of the club's
that I shot in New York and it's so long
the video so long and I don't want to
cut any part of this and I need like
other people to watch it tell me what to
cut that's thirteen minutes long and I
didn't even do my rent portion yet he
was totally 50 Magritte Rudin well
that's a current struggle but the time
is almost midnight I'm gonna sleep since
I'm so excited to sleep in my mattress
on my mattress and not being you your
home matrix that's what you know that is
asleep on a mattress but I am waiting
for Kyle and nada to watch that video so
give me some feedback and then we'll go
to bed Byron Calvin i'ma just stand here
Twitter my damn some cantaloupe screams
I'm going to hold the camera but guy oh
man I feel like having these episodes
are not sleeping and as I keep doing
tasks like sweet ass he waited up not
great try it
that's very many I use them safely for
many hours uninterrupted give another
bad I help you sleep at it I go to bed I
thought that you know at that time that
I could be sleeping a friend might be
whatever philosoph allow for another
busy busy laughing you are a lotta age
without family thank you joining in
today of you and wonderful day until
tomorrow
if you like it this good if you look
good you know did you like that dog if
you like that lovely thumbs up also
yours in my last vlog was right over
there yes it works on phone you want to
check on my last five races and vice
president yes it works on your phone
you're the subscribe to try to get what
you do what makes you scrubs right with
us yes it works on your phone
get get get click click click
lick lick lick lick lick lick lick lick
lick lick lick lick lick lick lick lick
lick
