I am a freezing person right now in New
York those a message a kid just saying
I'm heading to a book meeting every
night gonna be my blog in the bag this
is Aaron as a book agent she's so smart
she's the smartest person I know
including myself that's really smart
oh wait okay come on Aaron's really
smart okay that doesn't make us any less
though she's just very smart and Kyle's
here is my kid yeah we're going to
amigas very cold so I'm lucky like this
um can we just talk about what's on the
table right now just someone wanna just
share and do I just pick that up for me
whatever we got here Oh oh my goodness
what is this what is this oh my god get
this is not the inside now follow my
cursor inside but this is look at this
no no that's gonna look like cuz it's
not even hardcover okay this is not what
it's doing at all I know Sarah's very
shy cheese that was a good my book is a
hardcover this is not this is just like
some samples this is some sample way to
ruin the magic I'm back did you miss me
oh I'm Shire Aaron flew to New York just
for this meeting I feel too special Oh
what stop it just got back after my
meeting was a great meeting a lot of
great book talk I'm planning some dope
stuff Eli can't wait to tell your body
it's gonna be sick now I have a little
bit of downtime take a shower do my
makeup cuz I'm she didn't clap there's a
thing but this clap here you are you
ready let me tell you are you ready the
person shooting with is actually like I
know I can't tell you who it is blank
I'm a really big fan of theirs it sounds
like kind of like nervous that I have to
be like professional be funny do your
thing
like I just I just have to talk to
myself because like I love this person
and I'll sit right here I mean what can
I take today so today oh wait you by
time you're watching this right now
today when you're watching this
yesterday I came today it so confusing
when I talk like that Mike next clap
came out I think my fourth my fourth
class came up with Adam Devine and it is
probably when the funniest videos I've
ever made in my opinion it was so great
working with him came over to my house
and he shot in my house - so
down-to-earth and so cool and so funny
and it was just so dope so you can check
that out yet make sure you check it out
all the links initiative down there
all right directive all right - so cold
Kyle are you excited for how to be a
boss yes excited yes I was having
meeting it was exciting right yeah
excited I'm back saying how excited are
you make an excited face so excited this
make an emoji would you look at it right
now oh snap make an emoji face what's in
emoji pick what's yet what was yours
thinking that was similar to what I was
gonna do are you gonna do I'll do I'll
go down and I'll do this now this hotel
loads everything with so much cheese
he's like 17 layers of cheese on his
pizza this is the vibes might be
wondering why I'm dressed like this is
for the skit that I'm shooting today the
clad that I'm sure you know in the world
why everybody's calm myself down purrs I
think I'm not the dance is out that I do
what I'm nervous before every stop I did
on tour I danced weird side stages no
this is not any of my shows I danced
weird let's dance let's dance No
good let me see the person
I'm so nervous Kyle oh you're buggin
yeah hello
that's how you know I'm the real me that
him your nose long each of that was
doing that as no person cuz I went in so
nervous are you I am really nervous
is this for people don't know yes if I
won't get anything oh man a super
stressful day lot of things running late
getting stuck in a lot of traffic
elevator goes be very small she's got to
fight every weekend to fight your is I'm
trying to have my relationship with Kyle
acknowledged to become sense that it's
very honest and open know I'll ever does
anything I have to tell him right then
there's only thought she's like sorry
got snappy and I was like okay got a
snack you know common thing if I feel
and been snappy which I know I will tell
like that's why I was a exact when he
goes like what are you talking about but
I know if I'm getting snappy and so Kyle
does something I have to tell him
because I don't to bottle anything up I
wonder why terezinha of Benjy and
apartment brunch
now we're heading to cosmic show that
are very stressful day but I'm very
stressful event that it was chaotic but
the person I collab with was so awesome
and I found gold so hard and I'm just so
excited because I were to collab this
photo and our hate to todrick show to
support base that's happening
I realized that I change the setting on
my camera and I might've been blurry
this whole time before doesn't if I was
how I am
excited okay excited I did talk to some
sway are you by my baby my baby
Oh Todd ring stop oh my god
tiger so Ford oh my goodness miss
evil-looking titusville plaza shell yes
phenomenal how's the show wait it sounds
mighty keep it your kinky boots Roger
this so good the show was so dead when I
cried I cried a lot as motional I'm
proud I'm too emotional right now don't
you see your friend and you're just like
I did order her a double vodkas your
friend man just like y'all we're so good
and I'm so Patti that's time to play
grown-up we were just waiting for news
he's sweating he's wiping himself off we
won't talk we go chat with charge it's
all good I love having friends like and
they're so good at stuff and there's
these two new kids in those people
todrick and his ability to strut in
heels that are bigger than me like
trying to learn I'm like really - yes
audition right here in the show and I
was other feet set and the row was like
feeling it look down okay
she's good I'm gonna be sorry Hilary
good man here what's going on here you
have your manager yes oh my god I don't
want to outshine you I mean I do this is
happening good huh oh you won't be able
to walk a lot in them because they're
they're big oh my goodness I'm living
I'm in the presence of mother from
greatness right now this way like a base
okay thank you first of all I'm not even
since - like you are like born to do
this I was watching I was emotional IQ
so good I'm so proud to know you and you
are so damn good if you are in New York
you need to firstly to travel here
because he's so lazy walked in those
heels as you see hurt every night to
someone massage me please tell me yes
but listen I have to tell you guys that
Lily put on these these boots and she
kills Dylan and it falls yeah I love it
though they looks good on you oh thanks
okay let me know hey
look how pretty look uh pretty I mean
the trees are okay - oh okay we missed
that okay don't hurt yourself now you
can keep it okay very good
oh it's so pretty
it's that's what those in every store
toys and every short uh we saw nothing
toy store what no boys in the store what
song are you singing you are a fake
white person is it not toys every store
toys in every store no not at all what
is that it's beginning to look a lot
like Christmas everywhere you go
when was that three did you say I'm
right cuz all just happen you were right
what is it a third verse it begin to
look a lot like Christmas toys every
store but the prettiest sight to see is
the Holly that look e on your own front
door kinky boots number two that's me
this is where Macaulay Culkin found his
mom in home alone and now we will
reenact the scene
mom
very nice boy for the third time in a
row doh
he's not chose these nachos doesn't
finish them ever continues order them
how are we gonna say who's finished
meals you have not finished yours I'm
really bad guys I know it's really bad
I'm bad at finishing food you know it is
like I can't I can't I don't know what
it is my I can't finish a meal my
stomach's not that big
Who am I have a change to be fair though
American portion sizes are ridiculous
like in Canada I can finish me go to
America oh look at the size of this it's
like a party sized platter there's a
block of cheese ax exactly it's like a
party size ladder Oh ass dude you know
the first time I ever said waist you
Kyle googled it and it's a trash bin
urban dictionary to rescue waist you
means waist youth like a waist child
like a stupid child me that's very good
to me to there
I need to be sleeping right now the time
is 143 oh I love you a 143 I need to be
sleeping biting take a shower then go
over my speech at a speech tomorrow at a
book event I told myself asleep earlier
than that didn't that that didn't have
an appendix shower come on let me shower
as calves giving me work to do
Cal things a machine he thinks I'm a
machine if I'm doing things like hey I
need to do this this this this this and
this and this it's a mutual thing
true true true Charo how does it feel
have your entire life be me
she made me dump my boyfriend that is
not true that is not true
I'm do shower laughs I'm so tired I do
smell as always I wasn't showered in two
days that's not true one day no yeah you
have arrested it cuz I'm saying one day
I'm charging you sure I did hope not I
did hope my under than burst yeah you
know when your plate looks brand-new for
the third day in a row that's animatics
yo go over there Jenn one but potatoes
straight-up hated regonize well my
potatoes well my potatoes okay also can
we just talk what is really
inappropriate when I'm talking anyways
tatras butt is so nice
todrick if you're watching this I'm
openly saying you have a fine Bowie he
change in front of me the whole time was
like let's take a let's comment below
way more food this or this no no it's
still more than you
your way suit gonna be a crowded toilet
talk today tight top with Lily and tire
thank you for joining me on today a very
productive day with a very dope shoot
was a little bit stressful at some
points today not the shoot just
logistics the person I clogged with was
lovely we got kinky today what touch our
call and it's fun mother effing booty
and what else we did some work and not
tomorrow I have a book event to the more
have to make a speech so I have to
practice a little bit nervous and then
have another clap shoot tomorrow and
then the next one we leave so here we go
we're going going going going going go
away Brad okay good until tomorrow hope
you have a great day if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you to check out my last vlog you what's
right over there is no nothing does I
don't know I think that's the last dog
where over there
the last collab with Adam Devine is
right up there Tony is he'll go check it
out
make sure to scratch this blog channel
your daily blog boy if you're subscribed
yet subscribe follow my booty subscribe
for your booty so I am yah yah yah yah
yah
