I also went to an Indian restaurant last
night I'm sorry to burst your bubble but
Indian restaurants aren't for Indian
people say they're for white people
we're trying not to be racist
nomnom is law another night on video
look I love it with today
what's the world funny in so good is a
good energies like what fun oh I love
her
woo find out next on TMZ ready out weird
so weird somehow I can't figure we're
both so weird I think I probably take on
one against human Bakula Kenya was not
religion it was maybe too weird
we're gonna do the things we don't and
Adam is meeting with these bottoms Eve
and all the fans today so kudos thank
you here they are right here on these
coming sometimes we're looking at them
totally a mother come yeah that's it one
thing you need know about Mangini
ferengi Deewani should I be offended by
this Diwali you understand friends get
offended by this Diwali is that that
parameter that is likely to have
permanent subtlety but having too
oh really are you were Wow I love math
and are you adopted are you adopted
their son only baby I will never let you
be independent okay
yeah you have all the right sorry that's
my thought maybe kind of buried in a bad
friend
yeah Sanjay let's get off on no oh I was
in like some dog going alright of course
yeah no wonder friend of one more thing
maybe that I know what ash a homie yeah
drive oh dude oh hey ho JL yes JL is
wrong
Joe is correct Jaeho sir yeah so lose it
Jai Ho we codependent
yes Joe ood and played more than Chuck I
like to smell the new Corsa
yeah you know what amazing ya know it's
home like a wood when I first moved in
my house I didn't have furniture for
like like almost a year like I bought a
couch and then that was it a couch and a
TV and then I just have this like big
ass house with nothing nothing in it
already
yeah so so yeah also okay I am normal if
you're dating me you're not normal
that's true I messed up and you are yeah
she's Rhenish really cute red skirt
turtle my rightful ng and others I think
was no you're gonna get mad again here
we are
Laura me log here who must be character
here I mean straight talk to the street
on the dining table German oh ma can we
please go fire Budokan collector
contract in any hair would bullet bullet
would come luck atop a nobody a water
yeah electronic story from a larger
league whispered some songs we're
grappling under those like into that
kind he's very mature older version of
the avocado stretch it out yes sir bitch
yes I did I have a degree in the
Performing Arts I thought you just feel
like man without the worst in the world
oh yeah horrible horrific I'm a general
marker I know you are freaking dude it's
not funny nothing
oh that's you yeah yeah for two years
then I dropped out I got deep into weed
for a while that's who we feel real
