I'm so tired it hurts I'm Hans plan
we're heading to New York about to take
off I have nothing to say because I'm so
tired at flowers sleep I just met a fan
like Angela and I'm like yes
I'm heading to New York I'm asleep this
hope like that it's so much work last
night my body's Brooke yeah
here's thing were flying right we left
an idea when we landed and it's night
time in so x ik ax 602 were in New York
Brooklyn sky for an hour and we have 40
minutes to go hour and 40 minutes of
traffic
y'all are you know my feelings about New
York or do some work we're doing the
thing is pretty outside and staff I'm so
hungry I'm so hungry I'm so tired that's
pretty and I would like to say that my
team has scheduled a 9:00 a.m. meeting
for tomorrow
I didn't I know you didn't do it but
you're the closest person to me so I'm
gonna take it out on you these are the
things we need to flag okay I'll never
have a problem working hard but early
well actually early I can deal with cold
I can everyone the worst three knows if
it's cold
Lily's gonna shut down so I'm just like
why why I have nothing after why don't
we just have eleven why nine what why do
people do 9:00 a.m. what's with this
time of 9:00 a.m. would Menton 9:00 a.m.
whatever things 9:00 a.m. is a good time
for anything I don't think we're ever
gonna go long me I'm like at your house
and I am I to be had before I go to
sleep later than you I was good after
Spain remember and then what Efrain are
I'm gonna get back to that cuz I like
Dipper what f me up was that one day
that I won't know what effort was moving
there was that's what I wanted I packed
until 3:00 a.m. that day was the other
thing the book oh yeah yeah so moving
after me over and then the book after me
over and then that's a screw dog is
proud of that was so good now I'm just
like 1 p.m.
whoa but I'm try to get back to that cuz
I liked it wheeze a new yoke and this is
the traffic NASCAR speed right here
happening
and you're speeding away in 100 place on
their first lap estimated time 700 hours
missing in Calkins our disgraced ladies
and gentleman and there is slightly
three centimeters ahead of where they
were before
oh my god this is exhilarating this is
exhilarating this is amazing all have
another break icon we have the brake
lights on and nothing is happening
stand by Oh
ladies and gentleman will be here oh my
this elevator music though you didn't
catch a that New York Jake who is
darkness in here so New York is really
pretty right now cuz all Christmasy and
is lights and stuff but there's one
minor little detail that's preventing us
going outside its phrasing it's cold
keys not that cold is no snow but it's
cold it's like my nips would freeze like
minutes will get hard it's a thin cut
glass he'll cut my shirt my shirt would
rip right you know what I'm talking
about you know I'm talking about you
know I'm talking about HR HR HR everyone
has nipples come on now we just ordered
room service I am so hungry I also
believe Kyle is very very hungry I'm so
I ordered mac and cheese I can't tell
you how I'm gonna make love does mac and
cheese in fact this is what I'm gonna do
with a mac and cheese so let's get it on
oh geez we'll be flying this D me over
here you don't want to see what happens
when the fries come oh yeah I think I
hurt my leg oh my god my party's in so
much of a bun oh my god oh my goal a
pull-up
oh my gosh Oh
okay okay I did get a nacho platter
looks like he's like nachos for four-way
little bumpy bland
mcdead cheesecake - okay so fine could
be your lockscreen uh-huh I literally
react to no person like I reacted food
this is why I can't be relationship
because anytime I'm in a relationship if
I cheesecake short offers in the shuttle
I'm like yo I no longer love you to him
I'm okay with that so you may or may not
have heard that I am Beyonce cuz YouTube
rewind came on today it was killing me
because it came walls on the fly
Thailand and all the tweets are like
really hurts I've a question do you
think Beyonce's braids like that shado
I think Beyonce is authentically
yourself and I am as well that's right
but I got to play Beyonce from holder
when I want stay with us for so long
because it was so fun to shoot and I'm
pretty sure I have some banked footage
if I do you'll see it right after I act
to this and you can see the behind the
scenes but I'm gonna I'm gonna react to
live reaction here we go here we go oh
I wouldn't put it put it oh my gosh I
have some in the rain dancin - I'm not
my hair oh I - I say shut up to YouTube
because I I love my party all my friends
it's so sick we went to so good all
their friends kill but I'm so excited
that they let me play Beyonce I'm really
happy my thank you - my love you let me
tell you sad what he's asking me how I
didn't fall I was rigged
I was literally attached to the wooden
structure so I wouldn't fall imma throw
to the BTS from that day brick so I
can't find footage cuz I'm an idiot
I'm a stupid person this is this is what
a stupid person looks like could you
please put an arrow here push it to me
saying stupid person it might be on my
computer at home I'm gonna check when I
get back I'm in New York right now as
you know but I hope I have it cuz it's
so cool I was like rigged onto the thing
and floating it was really really pretty
cool I'm sorry I don't have it right now
cuz I'm that person really counting on
that footage to make this vlog long and
interesting but now I have to do
something else okay that's got me you
are beautiful in every single way
but camping meetin ya you look
horrendous literally terrifying
absolutely terrifying the beauty friends
we do have really good skin - no not
even none with that camera ever since
you got ask anyone when white people go
out in the Sun and escape dead speeding
when you're Santa Claus
and your beard as I can hop on your
niece made one of those paper snowflakes
in class and you put it on your face
when they gave you the wet wipe on the
plane and you started a bleep in your
face but that's not mad at you when you
can't find foundation that matches your
skin but that's in hobbies shed a layer
of the skin on your face but that's not
in my business the dedication of you
laughing to try to keep this on your
face is everything right anything there
to
hmm oh that goes up on your upper hip Oh
whose face does this pit not yours
coming to a theater near you the mom be
good so I just like like oh no I do yeah
so we're the Beyonce of you two but
lately I'm crazy look just like her back
boy
is there anything I can show you there
no there's nothing with fun oh are you
getting turned on yeah people trick
hisses I try to throw shade on here I
know but you can it's all happening when
he was gonna say right now that I'm
trying to be wipers with his mouth no
local that's what you were trying to say
I read your dirty sick mind you're gonna
find eyelet right there that was gonna
be all the way from NYC thanks for
joining me on today I don't know if this
blog was weird
I woke up and then I landed and it was
nighttime and I don't know what happened
and then I lost footage all the things
happen I'm not excited tomorrow I am
sheeted collaborations the secrets I'm
gonna fly to you a little bit again not
why but you know run away for a bit I'm
also I also have a meeting in the
morning and then it's pretty much
meeting it should usually oh I'm also
released in class today
today everything Club oh I actually
really really like this club I mean I
like all my class but this club is like
really good I really freakin like it
hope you had a wonderful day thank you
for joining you on my journeys my face
goes a hella nice though
oh that Casper issues dope yeah
and we're go to bed I'll chat more
through tomorrow and tomorrow I'll try
to show you some of New York with all
the lights and stuff like that cool
because tomorrow we're also going to
White Pass tomorrow the show the day
after mosque tomorrow I'm going to also
go to todrick show which I'm very
excited about but we'll chat more about
that tomorrow and tell them if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe ha
then I love you like I love you hold up
these work on your phone
do you wanna watch my last nugget there
y'all main channel videos all day and
make sure you subscribe right there ha
Melanie's greenie meanie
