what
look what oh the wind riding right this
was like the Paris today leaving me what
are you gonna wear in Paris
that's right ho come on get your pieces
in place boom boom boom
exclusive pick I told you to send me a
fire Eiffel Tower picture you know one
of these ones where you're like holding
it like that I'm gonna be so stressed
like Daymond you don't worry I'll send
some nice pics to you exclusive so I'm
gonna continue with the mission list
vibe because really we're going to Rodeo
Drive because we got a booty here we got
a bogey here yeah it's a nice idea yeah
Brayden unzipped a bit okay five minutes
they're back in real fire Georgia
you say it to the girls that I'm making
them dinner and I have a surprise when
we've been brainwashed by every rap song
we've heard
there's a jacket I really liked in there
it's $9,000 moving right along
I just tried on a Rolex and this is why
I don't get any auditions cuz I couldn't
keep a straight face during that I was
like Oh $30,000 so I took the girl
suspense called mama shelter I've never
been here but the teams on the stove was
like a rooftop bar and it's you Apollo
oh I just hope that goes up at the Grove
I'm at the grocery store because I want
to make some dinner I'm gonna make them
my pasta I'm gonna make a lace little
scenario like a scene on my balcony with
lights and a fireplace try to have like
a friend dinner you know something's
sweet cuz you should just reserve sweet
things for your significant other like
the friends and family so I'm gonna try
put together a little
something-something right now let go
time to get to work my progress so far
move the fire lamp humble help me do
that cuz humble the G the salad and
bread is gonna go there set the table
you know there are little lights in the
background that hot sauce all my friends
with us got a little champagne
I'm taking my friends out on a date it's
adorable it's adorable how to be in love
with your friends make a body on the
pillows do it oh yeah so that's the
booty you may find ladies very happy
today
hey babe can you show the earring that
you were working on so I can show you
off please do you know what's making
this just like we saw her make this this
is not like the tank hold on wait I need
to like put it against the solid I can
you can on that white right there open
the area black but this is a face she's
made out of as well as the wire Bend
easily definitely do something even if
it is to look at this hole just a tool
with wire out here doing the most it's
been walking Etsy shop right here get it
oh is it away we hung the most high bro
dem hoes
nan-oh hi how was your massage I was
here time Minnie said my I felt good the
funniest situation everyone's were all
on the tables and Gina just like
straight up tripped and getting onto her
table I want you to I thought about that
during my massage and almost laughs I
know who's gonna kiss you and I'm gonna
so I'm gonna love you now like it's all
I know it'll kill me when sober I don't
want to think about it want you to love
me now the bloopers this one right here
that was not planned me and this cater
first also should make out with him but
I couldn't cuz my lip was busted from
kissing the girl the previous scene so
we're like okay we'll just like touch
each other a bit and then he started
falling and we weren't supposed to fall
off the table but when we start falling
like we're just gonna go for so we like
fell off that table onto the floor and
that's why if you want to join me
singing as we're falling he's staying
into character but you can see a little
bit of a smells like oh love me now you
could see him break a little bit ah
are you real talk I know I keep saying
this but today today when you watch this
vlog right now today I'm making that
Facebook post but you being a new you
you being in my year and review video so
the link for my Facebook page is in the
description go check it out a lot of
like why Facebook I'm the face but the
song is because it's a really big post a
lot of information place that makes most
sense his Facebook to do it so just
bring dothey mouthing know the other
things do is it your why you wouldn't
want you naked I'm doggin cover yourself
up y'all might have noticed something
going on oh she bikini on the wall and
naughty that's because my team members
are sick with it and they do it right
and they'd the realest mother effers in
the game and they surprise me to my TV
being back on the wall now such
I still haven't opened this and played
this but I will do that before the new
year you you a real one no points today
we're not going to any points until
maybe the new you haven't decided but
one of the days when was doing leisure
stuff because I actually I'm like doing
little to no work the past couple days
like I haven't even sent emails like
it's kind of a I'm not gonna is kind of
driving me crazy like tomorrow I feel
like I've to do at least two hours of
work just you know get it back in my
system you know but no points no
missions for these two days because we
deserve it but you just coming up which
means we need to like if you are last
year make some goals for 2018 who know
me I can't just go into the new year
just like what's happening lolly fog I
need you're like this is what I want to
do is what do I accomplish this is my
refresher is what I've learned these are
things I hope to learn you know we got
to do that
friends we're getting back to work
shortly hope you're enjoying your
holidays wherever you how are you spend
to holidays let me know what you doing
are you visiting a traveling come below
I want to know what you up to you as
watching me all damn day I wanna know
about you tell then if you like it
subscribe if you like it that's good I
gotta say something I'm really enjoying
is all of y'all sending me pictures of
your merch that you're getting so if
you've been showing me the rings that
they've been getting I'm come in a box
like this please keep tweeting me
pictures of your merch I really enjoy
seeing it I want to repost a lot of them
so send sense and I hope you enjoy it
