Oh hold up wait a minute let me put some
info in it yo you know I can do this
live town for a while and I was like
something don't feel right something
don't feel right I need to give this
issue makeover because you know why it's
kind of wack let's unpack it are you
waiting for a complete love makeover I'm
talking intro I'm talking outro I'm
talking banner I'm something that might
be everything to that sick new intro
it's a short and sweet so short and
sweet
yah was poppin we stepping up the vlog
game here I gave my blog channel a
complete makeover because I'm using like
a little crappy intro on the hty outro
for so long now I'm like y'all need to
step this the edge of it snip it pulled
something though it is Sunday we have
our crazy day ahead of us but why would
you expect 12 collabs Christmas you
notice it's a collab I make them in clap
I our eyes speak English this is what's
happening I woke up I ended my blog is
posting I went poop the poop was on
point I just want to say no whoop so
good you're like oh it's gonna be a
great day
not that finish writing a script only
have two hours to write the script and
I'm shooting another collab today after
that I got welcome to do this right here
actually Wow release vlog write scripts
shoot um oh I got to shoot the second
half of my classroom yesterday and I got
to post promos finished reviewing my
book I got it off sent that route that
email that you must be Stewie Matheson
okay okay so we got a lot of things to
do and not a lot of time to do so what
does that mean we take a nap no that's
not I mean that means we strapping we
hustle hard we have fun we'd be grateful
along the way you where to have the most
productive day ever
let God talk about a time crunch I told
myself I would finish the script by
three it is 250 that's 10 minutes to eat
Kyle can you read the script and tell me
if it's the funny one and be honest okay
there's a hundred and twenty-five
degrees in this room I know turn on the
heat going over shots and scripts and
getting cardio in the clap is actually
opening in my house today and so he
broke down all those boxes to be like
what chance bumper normal person in a
normal home that didn't just moved with
Angela who's talking about so get this
all of my garbages are full and I don't
have the garbage bins from the city yet
so I can't put my garbage anywhere so
now I'm just like hoarding my garbage in
the garage because I don't have garbage
bins take out the garbage like the
official blue or whatever the hell ones
you need blue and green ones home
ownership
going great so far my heat is
selectively working the thermostats are
not connected to the right like rooms
and my front door is like kind of
locking but your adulting you know when
you're so confused in order to do with
situations are just like well boom my
script is to setup Luke who is shooting
today oh hey it's Pueblo saving the day
this one you know cash you like the
script so far don't see what's what did
you like it I really like it's cracking
me up really but she just being
collected
she'd know she did a really great job
capturing the person's voice I'm reading
it and hearing their voice in my head
I'm trying it better at that like
whoever i clap with i watch their stuff
and like think about stuff they done i'm
like this is how they would say this is
how they would deliver this so that's
good news
yay so she goes oh my teeth maybe Caja
shook up real good
how did you go real good how good super
good super what team super how did you
go oh so good this guy did so good cuz
the one thing we always butt heads on is
like a mic quicker
don't worry about lighting go any was so
efficient and so fast is so good
I learned did you have fun I had so much
fun all right good everyone collabing
with him like oh my god I get insecure
because they're so good and I'm like I
have to be next to this person and like
it's the learning experience for me
whatever I felt was also like really
wonderful really nice and really sleep
so I do located it you did so good can
you try just to play all the time though
no I mean in my mind I judge people but
then I say nice things sometimes but I'm
telling you in my mind I'm telling you
that you did a great job is that English
now we're shooting the second part of
the classroom yesterday we're switching
modes we're switching scripts we're
doing the damn thing I felt so good so
much shooting all the shootings good did
you watch my vlog a message a no there's
a music video of you and I okay that's
right excited trying to give them a
remix
yeah yeah
so we passing him on the phone records
awarding post mister or even veggie good
it's been like 20 minutes of everyone
deciding the orders like when you get
any which we get it up I look at the
order of you order this is the order
okay that took 20 minutes buffalo bomber
buffalo bomber buffalo bomber buffalo
longer what fries fries
how about quinoa it was you wasn't it
everyone got a buffalo bottom also I
know what top comments gonna be on that
video that we just shop what that I was
wearing one earring are you and my
useless crew did not pick up on it so I
went one earring in that rent it's ok
whatever is fashion fashion yeah does it
follow in a fall off I forgot to put it
on oh it's that time baby
yeah what's always that your nose I know
it's a it kind of sound like that it was
on the radio is a really popular song my
friend ah yeah yeah yeah okay if you
know the song kinda wrong song put the
column below most because I forgot what
it's called but come below it's the
thing about my skin color again no it's
a song what is it
you know something other song back the
day it adjust your voice I can
understand no that's a to a song she's
not singing in tune I'm not sure we're
just all right now place your bets I'm
sure she's all right now hold up hold up
real quick or that oh it's not a
that fresh pair wait for Epona
I was singing off tune right please just
wait for it I was singing off to and
right Shh
tell me - doesn't sound exactly like
what I just added like hold up hold hold
similar it was a different key therefore
I couldn't understand also what is this
video just exactly my selfie like
welcome unicorn
I'm seven years old for 18 months and
people tell me something's gonna be in
slow motion I then act in slow motion
it's like it's like we're just in slow
motion like cool I should be just act
normal speed but then I'll be like I'll
see you tell people go watch this video
because there's no split our video you
know what else in this bizarre video
channel no channel oh I'm the only
normal person zarmeeneh vlogging you
I want that genuine reaction and I got
it all right it's 11:17 p.m. time to
start working on this book it's gonna be
a long night
let's do it not working with Yui is the
correct term let's do it we interrupt
this vlog
No
so for two vlogs in a row I've had a
beard on my face 12 problem it's also
all over my hands they keep bleeding
like this it is 2:30 9 a.m. I'm on
chapter 39 which means I have 11
chapters to go and the outro but I am
committed I'm going strong I'm gonna get
this done you know why because the
hustle is worth it also at home a choice
but also because of what I said about
the hustle as well as they're not having
a choice
shiny popcorn mmm these are the
decisions the tough decisions oh I'm
done for um I just finished the last
chapter but now if we go through the
entire thing again and write up those
notes to send in an email
yo it is 6:30 a.m. and I need to sleep
because the Sun is coming out and yeah
well what Wow I need to wash my effin
face get with it we gonna use a
different toilet today
so productive a finish my book stuff I
went through my emails just killing it
ready to go to sleep now because I'm
gonna regret this
I call myself a whenever my sleep
schedule I'm hoping I still wake up
early and then I just get less sleep
then tomorrow fixes and everything's
done that's what I'm hoping for tomorrow
I am dropping another club okay when
you're watching this today I'm dropping
clap and a half a feeling you're gonna
want to see this one so you should check
it out I also I'm really exciting you
see if this will ever drop this bomb
right here you know sometimes well I
want to tell you this whole everything
about it yeah I do sometimes you feel
like you're white rats you you long you
have logs I know you have gloves oh let
me break this down people now what if
you want to watch one of my new loves
you know you can do I'm going to tell
you right now triple w dot new blogs
dot-com that's right
downs review to the latest superwoman
love how your dad tell you mom tell your
mom's dad tell everybody tell everybody
all right Wow if you liked it subscribe
if you liked it subscribe subscribe
check out this new team
I thank you for joining me on today and
off you had a great day in the whole
food continues and everything continues
and everything is gravy and also this
sick new love makeover the
