maybe till I boogers in my eye but I'm
so sleepy I couldn't policy last night
because I had so many creative ideas
floating around of my brain but I have
to go to my new house because the
contractor isn't okay let's go if I just
swim my way there I could just okay
there's a train into a horror movie I'm
gonna be moving in here soon can we just
take a moment because I only have my
place for like seven more days and I
have enough this is gonna be my room
does this wasn't if you have nothing at
all so it's going to be like camping for
like a month in like seven days
seven days let me go show you TV it's my
jam
alright the time is the time is 133 I'm
gonna make a few changes to my Kermit
script and then I'm gonna get to
shooting because now I have like three
hours with Sun being up if he doesn't go
up early which I'm very very happy about
it's also Thanksgiving today so we're
like Americans do it on this like wrong
date mine was like a month ago people
got plans we were doing things that I'm
kind of like I need to work and I need
to not need to I want to work and I want
to write some more creatives cuz I'm in
such a good flow right now I'm not in
focus also but now I'm focused on me so
I'm gonna make edits to the script and
then we can get to shooting lega so
other challenging things about this
video is that I have to do all of Lily
first and then all of Kermit which are
technically the same person but there's
so many different scenarios so this is
always where act like memorize where I
did the shot and where I was looking at
the imaginary person then whatever you
do all the permits after like make sure
the eye lines match up and also it's a
little bit challenging but really to
means winning the t1 and the hood one
thing I'm gonna do all of the hood ones
first and I think I know how many make
it look like t I don't actually drink
the tea I hate tea hall problem two
things number one I forgot how much I
love candles I really love candles note
to self buy more candles number two I am
putting my clothes away as I shoot this
video and to be honest I don't know who
I am right now and where all these adult
nough scan from like where where did you
where did you come from
just where did it where did you come
from it's so hot it's aw I know this is
not gonna happen to me right now because
my math thing that happened to my camera
that can last shot and my camera turned
off again and I already know this is not
gonna happen to me right now so I am
going to pretend like everything is fine
when you get a new battery basically
what it does is it dies without giving
me any warning so if I'm recording and
it dies it corrupts the whole car that's
what happened last time with my
Halloween video and had a mental
breakdown this video has been so hard to
make I'm sweating and I'm hoping and
praying when I put this battery right
now that my files will still be there
or else I'll have a mother effing melt
out right now please please please
please please please
thank God I'm not gonna lie that video
was not the most enjoyable to film it's
really funny buddy turn up with the two
things a costume so hard to like
maneuver in and that face kept coming up
no so wrinkled so he looks kind of like
messed up and it was so hot and so was
moving around the trap and the light and
taking off the gloves like who's just a
lot but I hope it turns out well I'm
whatever and now the time is five 26
salute hungry so make it some food I got
my period that's not the good news
another great news everybody with my
dinner I'm just gonna also get a lot of
chocolate the video is out I am so
hungry the video is out but now I'm
doing something called super 60 so if
you missed it I'm trying to do this
thing whenever I can on I don't even try
to replicate every time but if I can't
you every time super 60 is basically
after I release the video it's been 60
minutes replying to comments underneath
a video just as a thank you for watching
because you could be doing anything else
but you're watching my video and I
appreciate that humble is going to
Alex's House get there having friends
giving I do feel kind of guilty for not
going but I do have a lot of work to do
and you know what is is that I had like
a meeting with my team and stuff and I
told them like my agent really wants me
start doing auditions and more and more
and I was like I can I gotta get videos
done I've just made a promise to myself
recently where I'm like you will get
better at doing these videos on Monday
and Thursday you will do them in advance
and if you notice I haven't at a late
video and quite some time and you will
Bank them and you will make time advance
and I feel like I have to go to this
period of like making sacrifices and
daying at my desk and doing work because
I'm trying to create a system that
allows me to have more time later and
the more I keep putting that off it's
just not going to be good so I'm like
trying to get advance of my top collab
so that all of December I'm not like
crying dear I'm just really trying to be
more responsible on when do some work
and I might drop by will see maybe
balance I might drop by but I'm really
making a promise myself and trying to be
more dedicated and trying to be more
like on point with my stuff so but happy
Thanksgiving it's literally been sinks
in store actually like almost like seven
months maybe since I've had mac and
cheese I don't know where my priorities
are but I feel like I might cry
oh this is me superior talk right now so
voice super close attention I get so
tired and Drew
rain oh look at it look like a raccoon
I'm the time is 8:12 I've decided that I
am going to draw you know why because
I'm sleepy right now I want to get a nap
and I don't want to do that also humbles
messaging me use that me picture the
food they have themself also like I do
see value and going and spending quality
time with friends especially on my day
worries their Thanksgiving so I've said
them to go for like and how that is my
compromise we go for an hour take my
laptop come back and still do work and
if I don't come back still do we're
gonna be very upset at myself but this
is my balance I'm gonna change a little
bit fix my face a little bit nothing
anything's wrong with it and I mean
sometimes and then I'm going to go like
rise up this morning mmm smile at the
Rising Sun air three birds it's by my
duster mm-hmm let's go to Alex Wasabi's
house you seem so unbothered I love it
you look kind of evil strong
you look so huge right now
buh-buh-buh-buh-byeeeee graces their
presents twice this week it's like the
book they record this I even said this
before getting here I was like really
I'm trying to be a good friend because
like especially this room people like
you guys are such a good friends and I'm
like and not to offend anyone else you
guys all good friends but Alex and Lord
or like the definition of like friends
like there's such good friends and so
like I was like I gotta come here twice
a week I even told them all stressed I
had to like talk myself dolls like guys
I got step away from work I gotta do
this realest friendsgiving thing I'm not
even American I don't know I don't know
what to do here but I was like yeah she
is a really good friend to me text me
all the time asking my need help with
like even ro resourceful gonna be like a
random Tuesday July can you help
something are you okay okay pretty hairy
good oh good she's doing frontof yes
what about you boiling her neck just
read Jen Oh mister person oh boy let's
see if you can get
place yeah Jam honey said yes can we go
there
look last month yes a show no movies no
is it a famous person yeah
yes girl no boy you get older than me so
famous person yeah yes singer no actor
no no cartoon character yeah yeah is it
a hat yeah
restaurant yeah I know I usually do
comedy whereas something so serious talk
right now and that is the dessert that
were made because can you tell us what
this is a kid this is what it is and
what is this old American really don't
know what score bars are so for little
bit more little bit he yeah so it can
slash score toffee chocolate it is
literally so damn good like I need to
wipe you okay Alex enough Achilles oh no
they're back stop and grab all of them I
need to get down at the ball pin and
struggle to get in myself so no one can
see me struggle I can't get into this
ball pit because I don't have any hob
yes
you're jumping a jump in with no I'm not
okay come on
no way why it's like that uncle moment
in the swimming pool when some creepy
guy does yeah you myself by being him no
hahaha
like being able to get over there
there you go picture this antisocial
right here the one through so much in
life right now only Drake would
understand only Dre Patterson is going
through so much I only you know I don't
even know if you're ahead in your heart
can comprehend the magnitude that my
soul is perpetuating at right new it's
been a long time since I made you throw
up they used to be because of my
confessions of love and now it's because
of my just you what's up my lovelies
I've missed you guys I miss this
beautiful hard-working so right here
happy things given all y'all good guy
you back home definitely stayed for more
than an hour but not late at all is not
even 11:00 p.m. yet so there's still
time to do work and I actually know
exactly what I got to do that was a good
that's replacing jump the ball pin a
little bit played some games it's so so
sad because the one round that I
absolutely dominated in we did that vlog
and then I was like vlog the next one
quad guys marry sucked in every other
round the first one she killed the first
one I know damn it if even humbled
admitting it then you know son
the camera goes in better focus a little
bit I don't completely know how to use
it yet but I will
I am so tired but I just got a lot of
work done so I'm really happy that a
caption I promise of going coming back
and still doing work I sent two
different creatives revised one thing
just clap so much work also I really
like this pimple to not be here anymore
can you just despair if not I still
accept before you are pimple I don't
want to like discriminate against you or
anything but like I just I would prefer
you not be there um I'm so tired even
know what to say and I'm searching for
these words to sell you right now we got
no policy by the toilet are you dumb I
don't I don't read um are dumb I am if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe and I know it's just like a
saying at this point like actually if
you like this vlog and you haven't
already done so like subscribe yeah such
a failure in life I just realized I
missed a huge opportunity yesterday as I
was vlogging like KC nice that wearing
sunglasses because what I should have
done is this
