my goodness all right this is scene 10
take one marker guys and again we're not
going to cut we're just going to go
through it all Kyle's been good lines
this is the face of someone blessed cuz
look what you're doing with right now
talking about grow if you're talking
about adjectives and expressed you how
in love I am when this woman like no
words will express how in love I am I
feel like she's my soul sister no we
just we had done been barks but from
different homes but but we've meld each
other's bar mm-hmm but we have wedding
photos of the thing we got a wedding
animation section actually we ultimately
plan on distributing this the stuff in
the video okay and if we get picked up
we would want to double down on our
investment and stuff okay I'm Julianne
oh she thinks oh she's first of all
she's mad chill I'm like up in here
terrified oh good as quick as possible
I'm wasting your time sir she's good hey
that's night let's do it she's so cool
with her place we would make memes out
of them
right now yeah be a famous action you
are very impressive I'm safe laughing
they're looking at each other industry
decided we're coming
you know what
can you walk my reaction I just did you
this one screaming
but after that me yep twelve point one
take two Oh hold hold hold
let me get you a little bit this way
right there yeah
and a little bit a little bit you're
right and right there awesome
set down oh yeah show me what to work
with let's go you kick get you yeah just
gave me her necklace off her neck Oh
stories through here like I know just
viewers oh he's done really she is fully
careful of our necklace off her neck it
go
yes she did it is nice
