day one good morning I actually woke up
when I came back to bed to stage this
intro hey this is Nikki I'm on an air
mattress it was a rough night because
one their mattress is fine I'm not that
much of I'm not too picky I'm pretty low
Maine's
the heat wasn't working so I was
freezing the entire night wrapped in a
cocoon stomach but this morning someone
came and fixed it so now it is blasting
now it is warm this is my current
environment that I'm in right now
someone just came to look at my closet
because I'm getting a few modifications
to it so that happened ready oh I don't
know why every time my master bedroom is
in an apartment it's never the sunny
side humbles room is so sunny right now
look let me show you look at that that's
not dim by any means just the TV's
blocking a lot of light and stuff but
day one everything is kind of in chaos
we're gonna eat some breakfast edit my
vlog and live our best life also great
news Craig can I tell you this news big
spender my book deadline I have until
Sunday I don't have to kill myself today
and I don't have to stress out today and
I'm so excited about it so I have a call
in a little bit of a meeting I'm
releasing my first clap this is
markiplier now you know my first club is
I was like having a brain fart for a
second like wait aren't they gonna know
my times comes up well yeah so one time
you're watching this yesterday my first
clap came out would markiplier I'm so
excited because for a long time my
audience always been like do something
markiplier and we've had soap with so
many common fans and viewers and so it
was so much fun
alongside my collab of BTS video also
released in my vlog channel so so much
content popping up how's everyone
feeling everyone good okay good
how's your first night first night
listen but you're cool it's good good
good good
how's going Kyle do you guys know what
else today is what else is today World
AIDS Day World AIDS Day let's show them
a cool shirt we got for World AIDS oh
baby let's do it who send it to us
Charlize this team because you know
Shelly's my bait oh look at this this is
dope shirt generation and it would Kyle
also ripped his pants yesterday well
moving right on his booty right on his
booty and we showed her face you made a
bad dog also I'm not showered whoo also
minor detail but
messed up my legs I got twisted
something in it and now I can't like
walk probably so now I'm just kind of
like slithering around it really hurts
you know it doesn't matter you know why
oatmeal
hella cardio with a broken leg dope so I
have a really big meeting of course
because all my things fall into the same
day always 92 figure out some clothes
and where my makeup isn't how to take a
shower because all myself is so packed
so my closet is currently right now and
we're gonna basically add in this empty
space drawers and cubbies for jewelry
and more hats cubbies like that it's
lots of really exciting I'm trying to
make everything cuz a place that I own
when I see you for a long time I'm not
renting it so I'm trying to like make it
mine and really make it suitable for my
life oh my room is really bright I
appreciate the brightness of the rooms
though I will say this oh he's
definitely working now it's getting hot
in here so take off all y'all onesies I
am getting so ha I'm gonna check my one
thing oh that should be the remix though
yes bout my makeup bag it's blue and
unicorns on it okay maybe I have a
problem okay if I was underwear where
would I be
can the mind of an underwear maybe that
books alright I'm all set to go to my
meeting also alert alert alert today is
my seventh hundredth vlog 700 blogs and
how how wonderful that my seven on the
vlog is in the new house first of all
yells 700 volts or 700 days you follow
me on my life that is crazy you know me
like really really really well better
than probably anyone else like watch a
little color my wonder green ones you'll
see Australian under sunset
Shawn come on Durrani hey oh that
meeting went great it was really really
fun a lot of great people a lot of good
energies I am starving this 512 I need
to go home eat something I get stuck in
so much traffic right now eat something
and release my first clapping mark so
many things do today thank God I'm so
thankful at my book deadline got
extended cuz I would have done collapse
today I am the stupidest person alive
I've been stuck in so much traffic and
I'm like holy crap why is it making me
take this Street all the way and I've
been stuck in track for an hour and a
half I pressed home on my GPS thus
taking me to my old apartment and even
though they're not too far that's why I
would take me through that Street and
now I'm so far again oh my god I think I
love what score plays old school jams I
realized I forgot to eat today I had
breakfast when I was six thirteen I'm
starving because I didn't have lunch and
it had anything and having things in
twelve minutes I told humble start
boiling some water need some mac and
cheese but like I'm so hungry but
there's so much traffic my meeting for
chef five at 6:30 that's what traffic
there was I was going across the town
I'm really hungry Lilly is hungry Lilly
is angry you week many things are
happening right now I know I just had a
call from my child clouds was gone my
people boom ah what am i what am I one
of my boos I'm so excited but we've got
a mattress delivery let's go check it
out
reigns is a mattress in this box which I
kind of don't believe because it's not
that big so this is magic
see I'm expecting a genie what's your
wish you can't wish for more wishes that
the person would rule I wish for matches
that's a good fix let this fit in there
oh my god it's turning into a mattress
this is some next-level signs right here
it's gonna clean up hold on give it a
test here we go very comfortable oh yeah
that's really going to move up bigger
bigger Brazil
guess what Kyle sent to my house because
I have so much work to do
eg Jenny's so here I am minding my
business doing my work and I hear a
knock on my window and I see terrifying
absolutely terrifying these two
individuals will not let me live in my
son and they keep opening the window a
month a mile mean did you just decide
you want keep pretty well friends are
you the friends ever in question because
that change is a little hard to talk
about okay fine whatever is in the room
knows melting that means nothing
that means nothing that's weirder than
the chocolate where nothing's gonna
happen to me I'm also Sweden Brown I
grew up in the jungle subpoena me we are
gonna figure out the walkie-talkies
right now because they did not work it
might be the horrible reception in my
both my houses yes but we're gonna
figure this out let's go okay what
channel everyone down the street outside
I'm gonna on the roof close to it not a
you go like somewhere here do you read
me over how the Hubble's you got me over
do not abort every do not abort this
mission
why is leaving this is the past time how
you talk do whatever you should be
sleeping right now I have one more email
to check and not offend me also any time
how did I discuss anything I said it you
go voter right with you sudden not as a
conversation we do 10 so you know when
you have a kid that does like a random
crap not a matter doesn't like it this
is not as I didn't tell her to do this
this is just for like height person sir
are you ready so smart yet Emily can you
do that again in slow motion this time
oh yeah now can you do with some sort of
sporting music bed
you
face don't think so
athlete our career mission is fighting
off nada gotten to our uber is that over
X where you're gonna have lots of
conversation over look cuz I can hear
the lot but I don't hear anything online
can you please confirm if the
walkie-talkies in your butt over to
friendly enough what mission in your
region
sorry was that a year in your uber or
you got abducted humble where are you in
the house over I will be meeting you
momentarily over come go do you see me
over that is affirmative I see you over
goodnight humble over this is you talk
with Lily very fair right now but we'll
work on it
very very very productive day Lisa blog
least my first cloud with Marc release
behind the scenes of that video that a
lot of emails a lot of creative work
really good about it was my first day in
the house and was I go here
oh we will multiple a lease didn't
unpack anything did a lot of other work
perhaps I said it's gonna be like this
for a while where all my stuff is in
boxes but instead of a mattress you'll
come feeling good about the new place I
feel good about it I'm learning new
things every day
little things like one thing that's not
raise my cell phone reception is not
good here so I need to like get an
extender figured that something out but
like there's a little cool thing that I
really like about it so I'm feeling good
I'm feeling less emotional than positive
I'm gonna go to bed thank you for
joining me on this journey thank you for
joining here today tomorrow we tackle
some more stuff and tell them oh if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I hope you like the first
collab of Christmas the next one is
coming
after moving oh my god I'm getting
emotional I remember sitting here after
moving and genuinely being so terrified
in this exact same spot I was sitting on
the ground and I was like did I really
just move away from all my friends and
all my family and what the f am I gonna
do and I had no idea what I was gonna do
okay I don't know why this is so stupid
