he's a gamer seal yeah it's a little bit
challenging I have a line here and he's
really sleep I mean let's be real gamers
are some of the best people today they
never leave the house so they'll never
cheat on you
I think your leg was bugs my leg collab
number one is with hi can I just tell
you I'm too impressed so mark and I had
a conversation about 45 seconds in the
past is the first time we're actually
really talking you just come to my house
at a stranger and he went to the whole
script and ended to make it make sense
for gamers and it was like really
collaborative I appreciate that isn't
that what everyone should do that should
should yes okay yeah it didn't make
sense
it had terminology that is just like me
more brew me try to be a gamer person I
was like and then jump and press a and
Mario I got a triple combo I pushed the
buttons in the right that's what I wrote
that I've used the word combos like
triple combo joystick knowing I'm on my
last bit of health and it's also like
when you don't put the stick that's not
wise also I did Amazon now a character
from five nights at Freddy's for one of
the scenes I just wanna point out the
dedication would who is this character
mark bloom boy a balloon boy bloom boys
up trying bag of asses boom boys haha oh
I hope you save peach babe I want a
divorce
I need
the milk that was a short cord and I
just finished shooting with Barca I'm
not even just saying this because mark
is still here but he's so patient and
lovely and wonderful hi i'm just still
here I'm pissed when can I go home it's
actually really nice and I was so scared
before we got here cuz I was like what
if his a douche bag no you're not he's
so dad and I you so damn nice can we go
up again yeah you haven't done one for
months I know God scene four take one
I can Klout you can climb I can market
your debugger they want some basic
things I appreciate it so take one take
two three Bravo take three action second
stick say well let me clapping like what
I'm editing does I want to know that
means grunge Scott Blume boys up turn
bag of asses
