catch goals not feeling son wait time
vitam put the sheriff√≠s a if you reach
out let's share was already here what do
you mean we just move her and we meet I
don't with this chair here I can catch a
GoPro good afternoon I don't have a few
hours ago but since then I've been
editing a vlog going through emails
doing a little bit of work
la is it something's going on hum but
what's happened is I can explain I don't
know I feel like the sky is crying it's
raining and I'm like what is happening
this is so uh Nellie like I don't know
how to handle this I'm just like I I
didn't move here for this nonsense I
can't even rain one day one day the
veins even one day I got gypped movie
was third row ha ha ha today is gonna be
a kinda chill day I am doing a bunch of
work I have a long to do is actually
make a Jewess I might post it and I'm
required several several posted I the
post it's also Gaby's coming over in a
few hours that you're shooting your
clapper channel which are excited about
so I was good time chillin with the gab
show
I also made a bomb breakfast no big deal
whatever something very sad happened sad
but also not sad ok this is basically
just what happened hold on but also not
sad basically Casey Neistat has decided
to stop vlogging and I woke up to this
news this morning and I was shattered
because I think Casey is revolutionary
and definitely like a genius and what he
does both you watch this video he talks
about how it's no longer a challenge for
him and he feels to move on and like me
to let go of this and I think that's so
brave and inspirational so I just want
to wish him the best of luck with
everything he does because I think he's
such a genius and in honor of him
someone I feel that is truly truly like
changed up the vlogging game one day
this week I'm gonna do a blog dedicated
to Casey nice stab by trying to do it in
his style which will require a lot of
effort but I'm never gonna do that
because I think he's absolutely
wonderful those are my thoughts on that
not that you asked when I told you I'm
picked my wedgie did it I missed did it
and let's go I don't know which bird ate
like a 50-inch sub and they
crapped it all out but can we just take
a moment to look at how long this poop
is look at this poop it's like the bird
dragged its butt on my window and just
I'd even you what is seed they're giving
us I'll be like move up that move me is
taller than nada you're absolutely
correct what this is giving us sighs oh
my god
even daddy what happened he's been
giving us signs yeah the whole years
never happened now that we're moving
they're like oh you want to move this
crap on you I find whatever you think
I'm mad I'll crap it back on you yo we
gotta go we added throw-up on here
hey humble food is food esteem super
love everybody well who's it again was
it somebody everybody Oh was it that
person or everyone oh you're right
this is how you know I really like the
things I sell because like this is not
even on sale anymore
I'm not even promoting this you cannot
buy this right now but I'm still just
like in love with it this is when you
only see how only promote things I care
about and there's talking crap
I feel like humble have my back on this
there are many bad things about me but
that's one thing that's not bad but it's
definitely my favorite design actually
humble pretty much design this design
fun fact I ain't ashamed to admit a good
idea the good idea that's home bleep all
right there
this one collaborate so well Lily
recognized before Kanye did that's why
we stick with it but this is the thing
you gotta promote things you like know
that if I've ever talked about somebody
video actually like it and whenever you
hate something instead of talking about
how you hate it find the opposite and
promote that cuz why humble what you
said in my ear
promote what you love don't bash what
you hate bad a guy
alright so I actually pushed my
collaboration with Gabby just a little
bit and she was so kind to agree to that
because I want to go to a camera story
now look at some camera equipment and it
closes very soon so we're gonna go the
camera equipment and my inner nerd is so
exciting
alright got back from Sammy's got some
dope stuff learned some dope stuff the
people that were very helpful now well
I'm just serve you got some pasta with
some vegetarian sausage with some green
peppers red peppers and mushrooms and
spinach
boom boom Pam when the money money
alright so Gabby's on her way every
times when people shoot here I was like
okay just let you know the mic has to be
in our esophagus for the echo not to
happen so I must set this ish up right
here excited to see Gabby I actually
really like Gabby I like spending time
with her I think she's very cool and
just very authentic and I dig that I
have never been more impressed by
someone's car setup in my life who just
we just got a little bit in the car who
me these recall right these cases like
can we just take a moment
can we talk about how good the lighting
is all the lighting is too good those
ready go literally why are my main
channel videos not shot in this setup I
understand hi guys she's so pretty
thanks you're pretty new so Mary's like
what what closure right now yeah it's
faded purple and blue it was very fabric
i'ma give you it might always think us
purple no as my sense right here it was
red all I see that's a nose and I died
over it's just a mess right now I think
it looks great
where'd he go shoot some videos Katie
y'all what up what I've just finished
shooting with Gabby she's so just
hilarious I read some candy it was
disgusting his f but you can I tell you
what I'm so excited about today Selena
showed up at the AMAs I'm too happy she
looks fire through this red dress and
she looks dope
I can't even tell you I know this is
make any sense but it just made me so
happy
that she went to this event because
firstly made me happy that she
prioritized for mental health and she
publicly said that I think that's dope
and that's the message that more people
need to hear it is okay to prioritize
your mental health and you should and
you deserve it and she so publicly talks
about something that's kind of taboo and
I love that and she came back and I'm
just like you I missed your vibes I'm so
excited even if like she's
on a hiatus I don't care I was just so
nice seeing new vibes from Selena and
she's like a mad fire humble those
humble awesome love Selena yes he's in
love with Selena but I feel like for all
the right reasons you know there's no
wrong reason to be in love love is a
beautiful thing I should even vlog this
what I'm gonna vlog in then I'll do it
without the vlog after I was thinking
early I swear I'm not just saying this
because the vlog is here
I just remembered it while I was
vlogging I was upstairs I don't know
what caused me to think this I think I
was editing yesterday's vlog I think I
was editing yesterday's vlog and I was
looking at us talking I was like you I'm
really glad you my friend read I really
had a moment I was like y'all I was a
really good friend and I'm lucky that
he's like read I'm really glad you my
friend
yeah you definitely taught me how to be
a better friend oh I think you taught me
that reason you taught me how to be like
a better communicator for sure yesterday
my starts like you're so good at
communicating well you know I was like
that's hubble's I mean I told you
stylist to those Lily taught me how to
care we calmly go to needs really you
care look here he's okay
okay so I wasn't gonna initially share
this card because I was like I'm just
reading for myself taking it for myself
but it's so good that would be selfish
not to share this card this is so dope
isn't it right it's called everyone's a
teacher everyone I crossed paths with is
a teacher in that moment the ones who
give me the fun lessons are the ones I
call friends the ones who give me hard
lessons I sometimes called a-holes
they've chosen a tough job but someone's
got to do it so today I'm thanking all
the a-holes
thank you a-holes for playing your part
and makes me a better person that doh
everyone is the teacher everyone will
teach you something and that's why you
should have conversations with people
spend time with people just beautiful
that was beautiful today's Walking Dead
episode was wicked I just went through
my book just quickly kind of real
quickly kind of thoroughly kinda quickly
kind of mix of both I didn't read every
single word but I flipped through to
make sure the placement of things the
title of things and all that stuff
and can I just say I'm I don't think I'm
biased but I swear I'm not the design in
my book is amazing like the book
designer is
amazing my book is it's beautiful it's
beautiful it's a work of art like it's
just I can't wait for you to see it if
you have not pre-ordered yet really sing
book.com go pre-order that dish because
I'm so I just it's it goes it I did it
and I'm still sing as gold it's gold its
goals its goals oh my god I just
discovered something amazing I need to
interrupt everything humble is doing
right now humble are you recording
I just I feel like I have to show you
something so important right now like
you're gonna die when I show you this
okay it's worth interrupting you for I
promise I'm sorry to drop he's recording
but okay you're gonna die at this follow
me follow me follow me follow me so
we're moving out of here in like will a
week we could have for all year we are
limited thanks to the freezer because of
the limited space right correct
okay I open the freezer right and look
what I see what I open there is a drawer
there is a freakin
I don't know way right this has we this
one this is a game-changer this has
impacted all our major life decisions
yes we're like we were gonna sacrifice
this bag of Isis every time we've opened
the freezer this is what we've seen
right here limited space I guess this
was stuck I open it I thought this is
important enough to interrupt me it was
very important that I thank you for
interrupting I am just shocked too
greatly as you knows when you're about
to leave I'm shocked about this little
thing - I know I know I'm just singing
the whining
yeah now I feel like I can't look away
I mean like it wasn't this light would
have shown something I feel like maybe
we're lazy idiots and every time we've
opened a window oh no go away
I feel like maybe it's no this is home
this is pulling it that's why the field
we've never opened this completely
maybe that's why who installed this
shelf who broke into amount of things
like this has reduced our ability to
purchase frozen pizza we have heard of
it this would have been a frozen pizza
library yes I am just I have so many
light in the freezer you you want her
you say like why is big expensive fridge
existing and I really think that this
ice cream kill watch take this out for a
second because I was getting ice cream
right now but I feel like we've always
done this and that's why we have a
noticeable I'd open it up all the way
now I can't see it it's just we're gonna
do it in really I feel like this is the
most shocking thing to happen to be
since the red wedding this is ridiculous
oh yes reading this game Todd Tukwila a
couch out for something real quick I
feel like I don't want to get manicures
and pedicures anymore because they get
ruined so quickly like I don't know if
you can see that smudge there like it's
just ridiculous it's like why I feel
like you could let your nails dry for 7
hours and still doing it effed up but
that's not what's important what's
important is the freezer drawer we
discovered the Chamber of Secrets a
hidden secret in my apartment I'm dying
over I'm not all done this would take a
whole month to get over I had a very
productive day I went through some email
that word has some collab stuff I went
through my book had a little bit of
leisure with the walking dead collab
with Gabby as well so I was all good and
tomorrow is video day it is also another
work day as is every day for the most
part you know you're there and I'm glad
you to come on stay with me thank you so
much for taking time on your day to join
me I'll be you had a splendid day Wow if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe subscribe
a locket is funny I'm not gonna know
anyone I'm not me I've no idea in the
first person I see but you do right here
I saw you so close I'm like I know I
think you're interviewed I just
interrupted whole thing all thank you
