oh my god I really love these elbows
good morning I got back to my sleep
schedule I woke up at 9:29 because I had
a call at 9:30 that I did from bed
and no one would know except for
everyone because I was Bruce Lee but I
did the call it was great I had a call
and then I edit my vlog muttered as in
the vlog souls can be up a bit late but
by the time you're watching this you
don't care because it's the next day huh
I'm headed to another meeting right now
as studio 71 where does he not Oz new
office with first time and then I got
shoot a scene for one of my collab so I
can't lie to you and put you in the
corner again I'll show you and then book
stuff and clap stuff and moving stuff
cows are you start packing
I walk on sad news packing you know like
stop stop doing that I'm not ready and I
just told them I know what it is I had a
realization because I was like damn I
need to go to the new house and clean
it's so dusty and I know they're gonna
be like why don't you hire someone night
why and they thought to myself I sat
down and I was like why don't I just get
people to do these things why am I doing
this I have so much stuff to do and then
I realized it's because I need in my
brain to understand I'm moving and to do
that I need the closure of like packing
and doing it all so morning humble also
it's like good this is the first time
I'm moving into my own house it's like I
experienced right very exciting this is
the face of someone who's excited so
excited look I'm not ready to move I
feel anxiety you can't you can't repay
of course you have to be supportive
friend right on consoling me it's an
exciting trip it's exciting but it's
also it's like a miles in my first house
that's a big deal I don't have a way
about it you should feel some type of
team super for a second we're gonna hold
you would you just like mama unicorn
needs help
everybody that's awkward
oh you did yeah so good elevator
priority and I know look at us
squad goals right here that camera is
too much too HD put yourself in it
cos flawless good no I did not you oh
we're done with that makeup that shade
them
don't throw shade though shine okay
kids do not try this at home without a
helmet
I thought you were nothing are you guys
matching army pesos s we're not a new
office right now and you know I got a
lot of my favorite people cuz there's so
many things about me in this office
again let's take a tour hold on a
portrait how appropriate this is this
portrait of me potatoes very good look
at these girls up faceless very
appropriate but also I'm really upset
that this is for a kid it can fit you
with your own bull says this to me all
the time fun says oh my god does not I
can you show us your button what happens
we press the button again we got a girl
of Rafiki here right here me on on Kyle
yeah that's time 20 hey that's some
feeling super right then look at this is
why this one my favorite I'll solve any
problem for $1 is real I mean I buy and
lunch all the time with that way really
I mean honestly come on I self problem
valid a longer to be more than enough
and what the best but not home is just
was useless but necessary stuff you
ready oh look at that
the best thing happened one that mean
was giver to I found my glasses that I
lost a while ago there was stuck in my
maybe my license is somewhere here see
them you know we should we should take a
look we should take a look we got pad
type and I am so excited June drone shot
drone shot BAM
but I am so fine it'll be a lock screen
hmm boys you could not let me get out of
this seat until I finish this water I
have to finish his water up here okay
this was my guy I'm gonna finish his
walk friend get up
so happen oh I'm so full I can't even
breathe okay bye guys I'm gonna write at
my blog oh that was a test in you passed
that was a test and you passed my friend
fail pass yeah it's so hard how do
people do this
don't judge me
gonna go be so thirsty that not be able
to finish the water
roasted thank God my mom just a
30-minute nap
I won't even probably sleep I'm
obviously a liner famous last winter no
at 30 minutes you have permission to
come into my room and walk me another
yeah if I don't leave the camera here so
you can even documentary write it down
30 minutes got it Wonder Woman fly my
but to tell you why
printers Diana but this lady don't die
my rhymes signed sealed and delivered on
time you were bald has been I'm in my
Amazon prob have you seen my epic rap
battle yeah where I play Wonder Woman
again Stevie Wonder was played by t-pain
if you have not the link for this in the
description is hype brother like I look
pretty I look pretty let's go Wonder
Woman fly I'm about to tell you why this
Diana but this lady don't around the Sun
shield is delivered on time you more
bald head my lychee jelly they never
nice mood easy guys my my you're so fine
could be my rock screen bed John yeah
you know what I love so much post-its
I love posted I'm just in love with
posters it's a problem we work on my
book for one hour I'm over to release a
special video my channel it is a video I
did with Whitney Harlow and zendaya is
very very cute it's gonna go up in 30
minutes but I'm gonna work my book for
an hour
and then we go pack and then when I go
back to my book I know those donuts
though I know for a glaze don't know we
could take a little ride up for as I
mean right I mean legally so mess with
us take the stairs okay I'm gonna be
honest you guys are dumb at laughs mmm
would be honest I didn't realize I'm
just as a Content realize that tomorrow
was xxx I thought today was 28 and
tomorrow was 29
I'm moving tomorrow when you're watching
this vlog today like I'm moving as I can
this is too fast I'm not ready I'm not
ready
why what are you doing stop it forsen
stop
No oh you know it's labeled and
everything
I'll take Kunal here or as Kunal Kunal
going in the box
packing all these pens and I know don't
fit me hoping they will in the new house
I'm actually really sad like a new
William I should I feel like the same
way I felt when I moved from Toronto
happening kicked out look at this oh so
we know that the top-10 last when we
wash them and somehow were hoping they
last as we move them and wrap them I'll
be surprised if like one half of those
rags move I think they well I honestly
do have no faith I have no faith
wrapping up anything oh my god the
emotions so much of the emotion
so I'm in charge of renting out this
section mm-hmm big deal right now yeah
and I asked her it's time to make the
important decision trying to make the
important decision yeah are we keeping
this ridiculously large bag of Skittles
and my response was obvious you don't
all right on right on right on what are
you gonna do with it item are you this
is the first thing we're moving right
here this and biome Tony's bubble-wrap
when you have so many skittles how to
pack a fragile boss oh I'd like to say
that I'm using my manuscript my book
manuscript to wrap fragile things
because it's the version of the
manuscript that I no longer need and so
all of this is wrapped in my book
manuscript and people have a pack like
an adult it's trouble why not use what
you have
recycling reduce reuse recycle what I
you know you're brown one the sauces are
kept in the drawer
come on that's genius Hey so we've
already gone over boxes twice I mean
like that's not boss that's my body we
keep needing more boxes I can't believe
out this much stuff and we're not even
done packing there's so much more to do
we didn't even touch upstairs yeah the
tent
we don't even touch upstairs yet the
unicorn floaties oh my god there's so
many things out my booze all my booze
yeah oh my god weed summer when did I
get all this stuff I've only been here a
year
we're Dickens mouse' it's ridiculous
awesome okay we repeated my order from
last time
like they didn't give me a chaplain up
boom everything's coming up nada
why don't you boil they give you an
orange
in one box again one clap
weapon fetes right now trying to be box
whispers to figure out of which how many
boxes we need seven boxes in my ass
you're ridiculous I think you do big
losses well since I have three small
they said 15 boxes and daughter first
woman I said Wow button right now I'm
down to seven wall that's a big box
so apparently boxes are really expensive
extremely expensive yeah it's like 15
where are my yoke they're going to my
savings fund moral of the story is stop
having stuff yeah so now we're gonna go
to scavenge boxes in the grocery store
no five perfect perfect fit okay the
boxes are so damn expensive apparently
now it'll scavenge boxes at grocery
stores and other such places not like
there were than our genies really Tony
something much like a half that come on
for an empty box nothing in it come on
now this is what we scavenge so far
that's $15 that your buddy don't don't
also I have a huge migraine and I just
keep throwing up in my mouth but I'm
gonna persevere this took much longer
than anticipated
can we just say right now look how much
stuff I have my god and we're let me
show you upstairs as well Jegs I'll give
you a aerial view right here okay that
ironing board Oh
what up here we got this we got all this
and the video wall is gone we peeled off
every piece and preserved it especially
that Selena Gomez your heart your humor
real precise real precision over here no
unicorn it's all very real tomorrow I'm
gonna be hella emotional hello emotional
time linear this will be the last toilet
talk in the lily pad I'm feeling a
little type of waves of alkaline I know
why I'm so emotional I'm thinking of
emotion I thought women from Toronto I
think I'm just so attached to this place
and it made any good memories and this
is like really symbolic to me the first
time I ever moved away from home it was
just really outside of my comfort zone
so I'm really attached this place and
I'm feeling all type of ways but time is
2 a.m. so now I'm officially after my
schedule a huge migraine or watch my
face go to bed up a Patra toothbrush and
everything tomorrow you challenge me
because everything is packed so two are
going to realize that would have any tea
for breakfast or nothing to wash our
faces with no Towers Hotel but thank you
so much for joining me on today I am
excited to start this new chapter in my
life in a new home and I'm so glad you
had to come with me I'll say the
sentimental talks with tomorrow but
nothing's changing still gonna be a lily
pad so do many great memories so then we
have some heart so until tomorrow
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
I can't and the most hygienic
to lose thank you so much thank you I
would like to thank my bladder keeping
everything contained yeah I mean I would
like to apologize sincerely wrong
