what up everyone it's your girl
superwoman just kidding i'm here i
pranked you so hard
good morning the time is 941 i will go
about an hour ago cuz i'm killing the
game on the single-digit wakeup times
these days i have a shoot today the tent
has become storage that's the first
matter of business the tent is become
storage is between crafty here tree my
apartment too is shoot thingamabob err
matt is here in kyle see and all these
lovely people are here
hey yeah he's waiting he small but you
can see i promise he's waving and i'm
gonna do a little bit of work before we
start shooting but it's basically shoot
that i'm gonna release i'm gonna lose
the video in a few days but i recorded
that thing is remember i don't really
tell you what it was but it's a cute
video i'm coming out so shooting it
today for a few hours it is Friday so
the turn up is real perturb so hard it
came my email my email game um boy
um point today um and I only woke up
with like a little bit of a person my
nose but throw is hurting a little bit
but I refuse to get sick someone keep
popping meds taking care of myself
drinking vitamin C being proactive not
complaining but instead problem solving
we're gonna have the best date array of
the best day festival tonight this is
all the stuff that is here not on what
happened yesterday
story time was not a wasn't a watermelon
it wasn't a lot around this guy clean my
house he broke a mirror and to make up
50 wax my force okay and I have three
steps from my pads room to my living
room guys that's what all I found the
staredown this game
my butt hits one snap my back ends
another and in my head and then I went
to the doctor all good no brain injury
so if Gnana starts twitching random with
you people that's why sexy time trying
to tell the world what you're doing
we're gonna do what temp to do right now
is I'm an attempt to take this best of
burrito not messed up different okay I'm
gonna walk while rapping and I'm gonna
try to Oh like a better eat and do the
next few seconds pull some d-trix ish
nothing take 97 Jakes
here we go alright I didn t know for
life
yeah that's you on my burrito fell apart
big mess on a plate turns no spoon it's
your young in two ways
Yeah right I think well I think all this
footage goes with our vlog how do I look
for you
yo yo yo it's lunch I wish to suck at
such a sick shot we're in this video
gonna see I flipped the spoon know that
I actually flipped this food there's all
these people here for proof then I
flipped the spoon so what I'm doing is a
really cool video with three musketeers
which is like one of the chocolate bars
everything they love and it's a cool
it's a really cute idea I mean when I
was in Spain I posted an Instagram
picture that was about throwing shine
because I love that a lot of you loved
it as well
it is cool campaign about throwing shine
which I'm all about and it's so positive
in unicornia I love it so that's what
we're shooting for it I'm so excited
because I really like the concept and
our dope camera and the crew is great
and not as great everything is doing
wonderful and I slipped the spoon I just
want you to remember I flipped this
spoon any dinner on the first try I did
although we had to shoot a many many
many more times I did do it on the first
try boom so yesterday while cleaning I
can with a genius invention often when
we clean this table of subject problems
and I'm like often guys I'm try to put
them in my hands some fall I get ready
for this ok I'm going to gather all the
crumbs right
gathered right so now how does one get
this in a way where they don't fall on
the floor I ready it's not amazing what
I just did right now because now it's
chapped and it tastes worse before I
would be like putting it in my hand like
it's like an idiot like a sucker to be
honest this is why I'm successful drop
the mic I'm app you know I'm so
convinced this video because I just
spilled something purposefully in my car
in my baby I'm what car was tea I spilt
the tea in my car and it's all over the
belt now and solid my my bra and panty
as well clean she's going to clean that
up herself yes yes correct
Oh
that's all rap good job everyone
good job now I must clean this a
horrendous apartment cuz it's so messy
humbles already humble is my soulmate as
you've already been vacuuming because
the mess also irritates him messages
irritating yeah Sarah style this is
coming over because I went event for
tomorrow so I have to do that as well
right now a lot of things to do I have a
little bit of a little antsy because I
love things too but what you could have
done so right now Sarah's you're gonna
commit it away to try on some clothes
for tomorrow exactly three minutes away
oh pretty baby it's quite all right
pretty baby
what's the next one oh pretty baby I am
so exhausted
Sarah just came we tried on my twenty
five outfits and it's exhausting
aphrodesia I'm like literally you see my
eyes I'm exhausted but I have work to do
uh-huh emails to do and have like a I
just have a bazillion things to do right
now but the time is what time is another
nine o'clock okay can I just tell you
something this is my last functional
hair tie and look at it on his deathbed
I just need more hair I knew it is I
just can't I just can't
I'm really tired right now but we're
gonna persevered
if you're going to eat junk food at
least make it look classy like I just
did
fast-food fries with sauces on my
beautiful wooden tray come on where
class T is F up in here in our unicorn
onesies and french fries hamburgers of
my nose and tongue Oh No
there are crumbs on the table what are
we gonna do not to fear Lilly's here if
you simply scoop up all the crumbs and
such I know what you're thinking but how
will we get the crowd into the garbage
what's up get a little part and you know
what I get you you had a long day you
don't want to bend down you don't want
to have to deal with this so all you do
is you gather all the crumbs and you're
gonna hug the table hug the table go
ahead and subscribe because I'm the best
maid ever Wow my nose is running up so
much doing so exhaust my rumors and best
and my two friends help me clean and
pick up all my clothes like sweetheart
hung up clothes folded clothes we had an
assembly line going why why did you help
me I don't know why because you feel
obligated no because I also use that
space but as well is I think is good to
keep things clean and tidy good guy well
you have no reason to cream it why did
you help clean it no no I felt like a
not just a good person that's all it's
not a good person that's right
water yes thank you you're too
fortunately she requires constant
supervision
it's true if she's at the apartment
humbling I can't go to the wash by the
same time okay I take shifts cuz if we
leave now to like cut herself or like
fall or like do something ridiculous yes
I'm a dolt
do you what find me she's an adult can
you sit on the bed and make your feeders
before
the answer is no no fun songs that's
right I appreciate you for being pointed
toe tuck with Lily I cannot even tell
you how exhausted I am
we had to beyond productivity like a
many many many our shoot ass tiring a
fitting clean my room one through my
emails and I went out of this log be
unproductive I'm so tired
tomorrow we got some exciting things
happening we got some house stuff going
on and I'm going to a honor
honoring show women's youths honoring
show that Gina Rodriguez invited me to
to present an award there which I'm
psyched about that's what I'm getting my
styling done for this is going on and
now I'm picking my face when it
shouldn't be I go to bed Thank You Jenny
man I hope you had a wonderful wonderful
day and the hustle continues cuz you
know what when you go to bed what's the
point of tossing and turning go to beds
let your head when it hits that pillow
you just knock out you earned or sleep
and now it's time for me to go because
my hair is officially falling out did
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I'm tied to make a younger
auntie character and I put these little
curls because back in the day this is
what I used to do to my hair and I
thought I don't even do this and she's
supposed to like a rich fabulous but
like very oblivious auntie that's kind
of tries to be like modern
