my puke good morning good morning good
morning to your face the time is right
now oh my god 11:10 I woke up about an
hour ago hour and half ago edited my
vlog is uploading right now I feel sick
to my stomach
I'll go put a little bit of a migraine
it's not super super bad but even
turning to look at the time right now
hurt I think I slept weird and my neck I
don't have migrant I feel like puking
because of it early they don't know one
of the main differences between
headaches and migraines is the feeling
of wanting to throw up and so I'm just
gonna take some medicine
eat something hopefully up some ginger
ale because that's a placebo effect that
I feel like works and not be nauseous
anymore why because we are gonna shoot
our second collab of Christmas today and
as I mentioned in yesterday's vlog this
one's way more hectic limited amount of
time a lot more people a lot more moving
parts and we saw on point I cannot
afford to be having a migraine or
feeling sick so we're gonna stretch it
out and have some meds where you eat
some oatmeal and just poop hopefully I'm
pooped out the migraine brew and we are
going to persevere that's what we're
gonna do because sometimes situations
are an ideal sometimes things get rough
sometimes the scenario is difficult and
what do you do you level up let go so
what I actually learned is that I
actually had no time to watch the movie
Esther and I should have done that role
because it's morning I'm like in chaos
packing stuff it's gonna be good like
this back I think you just say something
I think your name my name yeah Kyle so
natural I'm emotionally scarred out
basically I was vlogging and I sometimes
use the background music news thing and
I was like can you stop singing so I can
use this just like shut up please okay
thank you
I did say please while you trying to do
some cool driving shots is so much
traffic
it's Michael photo you met one next one
he needs me still near me Oprah hello
next you're right yeah right Oprah if
you're watching the vlog channel poor
grandma I don't know why you would open
air daughters okay
Kyle's having a heart attack yes let's
shut this down I'm not
the ephod of this thing right now look
was here to help I showered good job I'm
a direct a father this is so exciting so
something really really cool happened I
walked in and one of the most acting
with me she was like arms into my
lipstick real quick and she's holding
red no more like someone I gave her boss
like put on to like you impressed me
stuff like I'll watch it is actually oh
if it's nice box boss I'm like oh where
and they're like no one got to joking
I'm like you know that's my lipstick use
like what's mine and I'm like girl she
just like walked in with this list
because she owned in real life and away
that's magic that's how you know real
people rocking boss out here that's like
no and that is a wrap up fun good should
look at me up first of all on class baby
when does join them so you know whatever
that's all about like this boy this one
person stuff with this one who just
comes to help me with everything but has
no obligation to do so she's just a good
person I got really good about that it
was so so dope I can't wait till you see
I can't really find out who I
collaborated with and oh my god every I
just I know I said the last person but I
love the person collaborate today like
I'm like like I'm opposed like I I
proposed this person that I love them so
much
it was so yeah without saying names how
did this you go say what you think we're
gonna shoot really good right it was
really good really again really really
good right really good right yeah yeah
right
so good right the best right high five
Kalka which is the she was good which
thing which think that's really good oh
so go you Miranda ship something back at
it again was our main food group yeah
okay just can we just take a moment how
good does this look though on this
camera this should just be the vlog
thumbnail right here this just be the
whole vlog like I'm just gonna get
really into it early Big John
look this bumbaclot she is she is so
melting no one beat it all over my body
okay gala for the oaken bucket up
walking up a little bit yeah back up
where we are where we are I think that
she is right there
mmm then once schmuck you one time
Mooka top card me daddy
oh I am so tired
8:00 p.m. I feel like it's 1:00 a.m. I'm
exhausted I saw my skin's not great
right now the pimple right there
pull over here a pillar out there what's
going well what's happening why do this
I'm so tired but I gotta go send two
creatives right now and also the newest
episode The Walking Dead came out but it
wasn't home right now so that needs to
happen I want to get a relatively early
night I kind of feel kinda really but
not really but not kind of but not
really kind of nice I'm so tired so this
is sleepy Lilly she acts delusional de
stupid things
my god I'm so ugly
oh my promise I'm gonna get up I just
you know what to happen let me tell you
what happened she's having right eye
sitting up and then I was at all this
what if like someone came in here and
they they made the blanket Asaf anymore
I better double-check then I was like
let me just lie down on this blue thing
right here it is double check that is it
was the right one because you never know
right it's for safety for safety I'm
checking so I just have spent a few
minutes here just to make sure that this
blanket is safe yes I'm just sitting on
this couch no I got moments like this we
experienced moments like this I talk
let's talk about ones like this for a
second you guys know zoomy moments in
your day when you had to give up and
you're tired anyone be like yo loss is
worth it whatever this is a small
example of one because I'm just tired
like you know worse things have happened
but these are the moments that define is
when you can choose to give up or keep
going and I am going to choose to get up
and keep going because I committed to
twelve claps of Christmas there's two
emails I need to be sent there are just
email to creatives gonna take a lot of
my brain power or go upstairs I'm gonna
do them or do them because when you're
in this moment and you have the option
you're the dig super deep down your soul
and get up it's that I will not be the
person that sits here and does not get
up because so many people will sit there
not get up but I'm not gonna be one of
those people I am going to get up and I
won't depart Serbia dammit
and that's what we're gonna do let's do
it
crap I forgot my phone downstairs so I
just went through the footage from
today's clapping I'm a little bit a
little bit kind of starts this real
it's really finding the person I
collaborated with which by the way who
is way funnier than I am way way funnier
than I am that's always good but it
sounds like bittersweet when you
collaborate with someone they're so dope
and they make your video so don't purge
also like all you you so much more
talented than me but the some of the
footage is little grainy and I'm hoping
that can be like solved in
post-production is what I'm hoping but
more importantly not more importantly
that's importantly but still gonna
mention it
we're gonna watch The Walking Dead do
you've any idea what happens yeah I have
to see how Twitter cuz I start trending
I always forget every Sunday I'm on
Twitter then like right after like throw
my computer out the window because
things be trending we want the previews
last time oh yeah
kind of some coke or you know what yeah
is good okay I want some some some soft
drinks it's all fall for fall drinks yo
yeah I'm shooting homeless music video
tomorrow
I don't fit no okay ok delicious tapas
for humble things this is it like if you
think that's was it you blessed life my
friend feels life if you live there
forever no is it from your bug I tied it
way too tight and then one was tied onto
the okay say brothers it river it's like
microscopic compared to the mountains on
my face yeah look at so many you know
why cuz I don't get my makeup brushes
straight up oh crap bitch n fucking dead
time you know one time gonna top select
a bullet puddi puddi puddi puddi put it
why was bad cells so that episode of The
Walking Dead was like alright oh my God
my this pimple is merging out of my face
right now
so absolutely Walking Dead was pretty
good Jordi's and wash my face perhaps
along that was pretty good said again
abso the long ago was pretty good um
actually no it's not I'm trying say it
was pretty alright I don't what I'm
saying good it was okay
your days if you watch The Walking Dead
you can relate the first episode of the
season was so damn good and now nothing
they can do can live up to that now
she's kind of like said Lily I'm
wonderful situations again where I don't
remember what I vlog and how much I
bought because I vlog with the press
that I glad with I'm sorry it's kind of
gonna be like that on collab days
because I'm like so into my date she did
with them and I'm not showing it's okay
I have pimples deal deal deal so much of
my day shooting with them and so I don't
want to like fabricate other things
again know I'm doing this that like as
I'm died like but tomorrow I'm not
shooting tomorrow's video day by day my
video done is that one where I flipped
the spoon I'm helping humble shoot a
video in the morning and then I am
releasing my video and that I'm saying
the evening working on my book and when
I said working on my book in case you're
confused because I can I keep saying
that I'm actually going to it the design
of it and finalized like in the final
like stages before I like sign off on be
like this is my book so oh and then get
this tomorrow night no we're doing oh my
god
we're gonna start packing I can't even I
can't I can't this is me this is me not
being able to wear start packing stuff
because we're gonna move and a couple
days so I need to eventually for fair
play did you know this is the second
time in the role I'll be doing 12
collabs of Christmas on the day I move
last year I moved to LA on December 1st
and I just twelve last Christmas and
this year I'm moving again some person
to tow clothes recipient second time in
a row
isn't that just insane Ana's Diana and
others Annie and I wanted to better than
you so much for joining me today I have
no idea what we call this vlog I have no
idea when I blog I'm sorry to stock - I
apologize mythical a sartorial so good
and I'm so excited but focus on me but
okay I will see you tomorrow and also
we'll continue when we gonna do
something stylish because we gonna make
every single day count gnome soon if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
yeah
