not everybody
what up good morning was time Kyle area
like single digits right now I won't go
back eight something look at me I'm an
adult right now we are heading to the
TMR you show engine breaks ten bucks
just a cooking show and the way we met
is so awesome I decide a red carpet I
was like oh my god can I introduce
myself to you because I love you and
you're so cool I watch your show like
every single day of my life growing up
and we just became friends on Twitter
and she watched my stuff and she liked
it and now we're going to her show and
I'm gonna cupola as we're great it
seemed a great day the awesome day like
I am deceased right now why because the
my jam right now
trust nobody seen this Jam they just
released a music video and you know I
have been having some Selena withdrawal
symptoms because Bay is not feeling well
but I'm about to watch this video and
live my best life right now
I can't wait oh my god
you have a live react here in the vlog
hopefully she's in it right or is it
just going to be like not her in it
we're to find out one Kelly so far not
diabetes so what is with you she might
not be it
standby okay so you're not in it which
is fine I'm after that makes me happy
actually should not be working she
should not be in it should be focusing
on her so I love that song it's so damn
good you know it's on right yeah spring
conserving how bad also Tia's house is
forever away also which is great because
I'm not trying I'm just like getting so
much work done so we're gonna mazing yay
yo Jojo so I just a few shots with tears
she's so giggly and wonderful and also
we discovered that Kyle has a he's like
I'm gonna be pretty sure he said where
I'm like that ginormous hole and you're
hoarding me to wear her so you added a
shirt to a hole um she's so giggly and
sweet and wonderful I love it I'm also
hitting puberty right now it seems but
there's lunch right now and then we're
going to finish shooting and then i'ma
go home I'm gonna court my video today
for tomorrow which part of me is never
one part of me everyone here is proud of
me that's right and I gotta go through
some emails were custom twelve to lab
stuff morning hey so I'm just here in
this fabulous kitchen you know just
chillin with my girl see ya you know you
may know her you know so competitive
before people always have the camera I'm
telling you such a conversation started
how personal how gorgeous is she know
I'm in love you we are like I'm in love
oh my god stop I feel like we are
long-lost sisters and I know that sounds
weird cuz I wouldn't know so your sister
is but I think it's me so I think it's I
think it's true we have a lot in common
we're both psychology majors well you
know we strike psychology and clearly
are using those degrees uh you you don't
think you're funny right but you said
you think you're weird I think people
think I'm funny but I think I'm weird
you know but I think weird people are
cool yeah I agree
people should be really weird I love
weird people it's amazing but I'm so
happy that you're here with me so tell
them what we're doing all right what are
we doing okay so
he is a special guest on my cooking show
called see amore at home that airs on
The Cooking Channel and I cannot wait
for you guys to see her she's doing such
an incredible job stop you she may miss
a delicious food and I can tell you what
it is you have to wait until when to see
it in January yeah you're in January
yeah yeah it's so good at them I'm so
much fun
oh so real oh yes you know what I want
you I got it you guys gotta check out
the website - yeah do it dodo Kiyomori
what is it - Maury cookingchanneltv.com
Sachi sorry this is me she's me what is
it
look what's my inculcated coalition of
Cooking Channel what is it
cookingchanneltv.com flesh yeah thank
you
cookingchanneltv.com slash TIA I'll put
the link in the description so in case
you weren't able to catch that payoff
that just happened right there I'm like
I liked our reaction but we actually met
on the red carpet of Central
Intelligence yeah and Isis is back what
happened are standing there now monomyth
cheery they're nothing but oh my god are
you so nice very nice oh you guys I'm
telling you what you see is what you get
this woman is so humble so kind and it's
very hard to find people like that in
this business so when you do find it you
celebrate it so I get this in but you
have a great time let's take pictures oh
yes let's do it I buy it yes just
raptured see I love her she's so sweet
so down-to-earth so much fun it was a
good time she fed me some delicious
things and now we are heading a woman
just 3:30 right 3:30 I'm still got a lot
of time left in the day to be productive
and it's best day ever
hope you are having a good day right now
as well Kyle you have a good day I've
been great obviously you're with me come
on
trick questions so this is a California
first for me this route we're taking it
on top of a mountain I'm actually
driving over the mountain I have no idea
what this is where are we
kind of like Calabasas calafate all over
again I'm like we're legitimately on a
mountain don't have cow man this time is
five you know what I don't like my
winters middle east everything how dark
it gets so here are like 5:30 it's pitch
black it doesn't look like it now but
it's getting dark I don't like that I
want sunshine all the time I have
exciting things happening have a new wig
which is very exciting to me for a
character I'm going to shoot in my video
also I'm going to show you something
very very briefly and just be so quick
because I know how slick y'all are I
basically have something called first
pass at my book which means my
completely designed book is printed out
right on a book form is like the papers
but content design everything so I'm
going to read through my completed
design books I'm going to show you very
very briefly Han okay that's wholly good
story because I know you slick I know
you will free spraying that ish but I'm
really excited to do this out when I'm
lit up I'm like a little sleepy but I
don't want to get a nap it is 5:00 so
what the weather does to me see like
asking dark-skinned erisa so I went to
do something else on my to-do list
that's a bit more fun not that making
videos isn't fun but instead of sitting
on a laptop and writing a script I'm
deciding to my contractor keeps asking
me which TV I want my new place because
he has to install it and do this speaker
thing in that he keeps harassing me so
it is technically my to do this to do so
we're gonna Best Buy and figure out
which TV or any of my new place which is
really exciting I'm gonna do that it's
fine it's still very early so when I
come back I'll start working on a video
I'm only get a recording today not edit
today dividing dividing the days
back here got the TV section that's the
TV I pretty much decided on I think so
we've been here for like a long time
this one was the one I think I've
decided that I get it right now I'm
gonna get it that one that one
where's me so productive right now even
though humble earlier today replace my
soap and the oatmeal and the Cheerios
and all that stuff over at Ralph's now
because we only have basic stuff we
don't have like actual stuff to make
things without food yet so we're gonna
although I don't know what we're gonna
buy one one here but we'll figure it out
do not burn mouths on pizza do not burn
but you know I think already burned my
mouth ah ever lying if I said I wasn't
hella tired it's not even 9:00 p.m. yet
but I just went through my entire video
script souped it up a little bit made it
more detailed I might not shoot the
whole thing today because it was super
super tired and I stopped to wash my
hair and do have some other work but I'm
gonna shoot the rant portion of it I'm
gonna fix my makeup cuz much right now
shoot the rap portion and tomorrow I'll
shoot the skin and edit it that's the
plan that's what's happening
alrighty then so I finished recording my
rent and I edited it as well yeah so why
are you tomorrow is record skip pieces
and edit those but I'm proud of myself
I'm trying to get better at doing things
and events I didn't do the whole video
but that's okay because my sleep
schedule is also amazing right now so
when a Waverly do skip pieces and I even
did it according to my maker because I
was like today my makeup is like done
let me do the rent when I do my
characters I have no makeup and I just
do a per character something like that
make more sense tomorrow morning so kind
of planning kind of like killing the
game as much as I can now I'm gonna go
wash my hair and I'm going to when I get
on the shower I'm going to work on some
creators to my 12 collabs and right now
it's 10:13 p.m. so I'm gonna like sleep
I like latest midnight Who am I I don't
know hopefully it's last longer than one
day most people come out of the closet
but humble he goes in the closet
he's according some stuff
it's almost just my bad time though so
he knows it's my new bedtime cuz I'm not
such a good schedule tell them what my
schedule awesome it is she is early to
bed early awake today I heard music
playing and I thought somebody else is
playing music and I opened the door to
tell him to shut up cuz I gonna wake up
lily and Lobo playing the music
it was Lewis me it was me she liked
actually wig not her pseudo awake which
is just she's able to respond to
messages from her bed that's he walking
around I heard footsteps I thought I was
still dreaming well when it was only
been a couple days we'll see how long it
lasts but I'm I went through my whole
inbox and I'm still gonna do a little
bit of creative work I'm going to do
that on my laptop in bed and then go to
sleep after a little bit I usually have
a know working in bed roll and try not
to my laptop ever here and to work but
I'm gonna make an exception for tops
Christmas also look at my hand going on
a really cool fight fighting is not cool
but it does look kind of like I was like
pew Poliquin la oh my skull so clean my
hair smells so lovely right now I am
going to head to bed thank you for
joining me and today we had a very very
productive day actually we shot an
episode of Tia's cooking show we
recorded a half of our video we wrote
our whole video we added in half of our
video went through all my emails in my
inbox I picked a TV for my place went
grocery shopping a lot B ate some great
fantastic pizza killing the game kill
the gamer wash my hair oh my god oh my
god bleep ER doctor wait I hope you had
a productive day as well I hope you had
a great day and tomorrow what are we
doing tomorrow is Thursday we are gonna
finish recording the video and we're
gonna get back into 12 clubs planning 12
clouds and being really ambitious um
we'll see what happens I don't know it's
just I feel like November disappears
because like December 2 shows about an
ornament break break ciao videos in a
month I don't think you would like this
Allah has a lot of videos that what you
do is immigrant for now
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe Debra Jean were going to poor
leg 1 I'm a change
McKey getting a burrito and not be rice
ball blame Madilyn Bailey Schmidt
medulla burrito challenge ever since
then Mia cheering room on bridge anyway
a region-wide region Wow
