ah easy the YouTube she doesn't really
strange things okay that's pretty weird
so I'm gonna show you some of her videos
and you guys just tell me what you think
of it okay this first one this is called
my phone is the connection again my
parents are coming they're landing in a
few minutes I am so excited and I hope
my house is cleaned off but very very
excited a little bit gloomy today though
they're gonna be like I did not come to
LA for this so mr. son oh yeah your car
is just taking a shower because we want
Grandma and Grandpa to think we're
responsible adults also takes me way too
long to figure out how to put my car in
neutral it's embarrassing when even in
LA they know what's up it's that way for
my parents I'm just tired both DeMar
DeRozan and Lowry or both NBA all-star
all-star game having it all A's no big
deal oh wow got her hair did got mascara
on her and leave occassion come through
fan also I gotta say timing is perfect
cuz my dad there - and yesterday Crown
Royal that me a box of things knew I was
coming yeah that's was that I was about
to get real right now cuz my parents
just brought me all of my father outfits
all this is because I was one of the
create and cultivate 100 honorees we're
gonna ignore the fact that my name is
misspelled there but thank you Romeo I
appreciate it I'm working in the office
today look at me I'm on a stool I'm part
of the team okay high five interface hey
hot stuff how's it goin hot stuff
hey what's happen you know what's so
funny all the comments about you and
Kyle you know what a lot of the comments
were this time I've know why you out
here talking about Kyle and Taylor went
broke it is hot fire and then some
comments were like and misako hot fires
above do you have been fainted what was
that was that your attempt to be half of
the fans you know what let me just open
this bottle of hostilities my parents
brought them all hot sauce and they're
over the moon right acid it's so good I
have these basic is f white people you
know what time do you know what
we're gonna change the world we're gonna
make people laugh we're gonna make
people days better how that tastes like
a grease fire
tastes like rainbow can be you know
those rainbow candy stream we're gonna
change the world are you ready to change
the world don't you want to work with me
send in your applications - your life is
over at gmail.com sweets right here and
watch it listen here this video won't or
our schools make my horoscope
I left hand since this month but could
be odd but this video my goal and juanzi
do you guys remember what she was
talking about who we're distracting when
she's in the office
all right my parents are here was good
it was good
obviously if you cared there needs to be
swagged out with i'm swagged up right
here loosing calm so honestly nice
summer want submerge some free much
august yeah that's it what are you
talking about you know that talking
about them if you want a black hustle
harder sweater super salty quieter
negatory black wire is white yellow are
young with white clothes big induce my
first day on back you I'm black you had
a media I thought both it's a medium
fans also comes in black or comes in
pink what you want pink pink eye I'm
gonna get you a black one yes ma'am I
bring it back to me okay if you want
another new store credit wouldn't
wouldn't that oh what's oh this one
right here respect on your day
the red t-shirt super hang sign comes in
red and black what color you want I want
red speck under me what would you like
to say to your daughter you think she's
so cool with all this would you what do
you think yeah man she gave me free
stuff she's always good you feel
fashionable all of a sudden what do you
think dude is beautiful right you know
what the best part
Brogan's down in the reflection right
there during this whole thing because
you know I mean then you give me free
stuff
I feel like about we're smack on your
knee one more thing I have to show you
guys something it's one of my youtuber
friends makes videos and I want to see
what you guys think okay alright let's
go so one of my friends on YouTube has a
series come on on YouTube red well girl
I was at certain YouTube we want her
name is poppy you've never heard of
poppy yeah
you've heard of poppy yeah the guy who
was cutting a she's a youtuber she does
really strange things okay that's pretty
weird so I'm gonna show you some of her
and you guys just tell me what you think
of it okay this first one is called my
phone is the connection so many
questions asked on youtube.com
my phone is my connection that's the
love of you oh my god
I think it's beautiful daddy make much
sense to me at all it's called Dracula
glam Dracula's and the vampire right
she's not really a man I don't know yeah
no I don't think Unicorn pizza party
achieve this we're gonna have a plant
that's what you worry your first those
tips on you maybe you talking stupid
things egged on your president United
States of America white how many of you
do you think that yeah there's a lot of
nuts out there I'm gonna start making
something dude I'm gonna show you a song
of her so she actually sing it's called
moshi-moshi its high definition all
right
all right so what do you think about
papi like papi
she hasn't you're new to bread series
coming out so you guys know who's my
papi as you want like how weird she is
like remember that what's the name papi
and Miranda sings are doing we're
starting you'll shut off your shop yes
who sent me a gift deal my girlfriend my
girl who sent me a gift
Oh got a record 92 record wish you look
so hot dude this is my hair also is that
crazy rules they're fire fire fire fire
what is this oh my god one of the roles
like from the video
I'll be over those rope oh my god I'm
probably gonna remake a music video
whoo you know I'm to the college nothing
like a glasses snack I need to pay me to
carry all my emotional baggage I love it
you are babe yeah just finished watching
trolls with my parents my parents I mean
my dad fell asleep in three minutes and
I watch with my mom did you move you
haven't seen it this is so freaking cute
it's 10:00 I'm gonna end the vlog here
we've had a jam-packed day of being with
the parental getting a lot of work done
I do all the work got dominant with my
inbox released a video to super 60 to
all of us stop you there really really
good and excited for my parents to be
here for the week I'm never reacting to
pop you I'll be so short and awkward cuz
they're just like they actually thought
it was a joke after the Athens like what
was that about like what are you why did
you die was like no this is a real thing
let me know what else you wanna see them
react to because I love just blowing
their mind with all this weird stuff
happens on the internet but for today
that is a wrap so let's see how we did
I hope you had a fantastic day if you
are privileged and lucky enough to be
with your parents go people ugh because
yeah one day you're gonna move out and
then you're gonna miss them and you're
gonna hope they come to visit you trust
me take the advice for me and I'll
tomorrow if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe you know a next funny
thing yo after I've logged my parents
getting the clothes they were like
forget to keep them was just the log
look what just for the blog I get to
keep it
sometimes yeah I'm quiet and if I start
vlogging I do go again and I act all
like excited but everything I'm doing
the vlog is for real that gives you
stuff in the vlog you get to keep the
stuff
