we are going to create a wonderful day
good morning the time is 10 something
action woke up at 9 a.m. and I've been
working in bed ever since and now I am
up and I feel rejuvenated and I feel
ready and brave to conquer the day
because before I got out of bed right
here I had a talk with myself and the
talk I won't repeat everything because
it was between me myself and I but the
gist of it was like y'all it's ok any
emotion you feel is wonderful and if you
go to this audition it's not to make a
break of you even if you absolutely bomb
it when you come home we're still gonna
work hard and you're still gonna be
grateful I'll put all the opportunities
you have your study went to premiere
with your favorite person on the planet
who you looked up to and you have so
much to be grateful for and even if you
were sad it's okay because any emotion
you feel is valid and beautiful and it
is yours
you should be proud and today I'm gonna
work so hard I have an audition and then
I have a meeting and then have a meeting
and then this evening I have bridgit
mendler concert and we have much to be
happy for and I'm gonna embrace
everything that happens and be present
because I would interact with people I
don't think you realize so let me take
for granted every single day take this
and take this in how we interact with
people do you have a person you interact
with it's not just a face this is a
story that is a blessing and a privilege
that we get to interact with people's
stories and so I'm very grateful for all
that today it's my wonderful day first
thing we're gonna do is I'm gonna take a
shower I'm gonna do my makeup I mean
some breakfast I'll go over my lines
we're gonna do the damn thing we
together are gonna create a great day I
already came super go also my hand still
hunts located but ok what it hurts I
just did the weird just crap right now
I was doing my foundation and I filled
in my eyebrows and then I realized I
didn't do foundation on my forehead but
I had already filled in my eyebrows so
I'm like there's no going back now I
can't do five-nation my 4 and I tried a
little bit but i couldnt do its now I'm
going to my dish and be like yo what up
my name is 50 shades of brown the pimple
give me the part I always hated
auditions I still hail ditions I'm
always gonna hate auditions didn't go
great I was late to the audition
at the wrong gate my calendar whatever
scroll it go Shekhar's this here for me
we are just gonna chill out go back home
Reina it's okay I don't like the brain
not the make or break
what am i doing us oh I'm just
disintegrating into nothing that's why
you ask let me tell you because I come
home this guy calls me okay when I land
yesterday he's like do you want me to go
to rouse and I get you anything my brain
I'm like yo this guy's a mother since
we're look at this guy happy about why I
say I'm like thinking of you maybe I
should ask him to like get some spinach
get some stuff you know things like that
do the extra things okay I didn't
realize that what he meant was this is
actually nothing less than the apartment
if I don't get something wrong good nice
so this morning I go to get some
Altman's like so there's no oatmeal I'm
like oh okay so have some cereal is like
no there's no cereal there's an and I
went to go take a shower yesterday and
Easter my sofa he took clothes off did
it replace my though so they don't know
you for one week there's no soap there's
no knows you I'm gonna start right now
I'm sorry I'm sorry I feel that I what
will happen with our time to know where
I was gonna get all this stuff and
replenish everything before she got back
I kind of slept in it's not the story
I'm not mad at all I think Solaris I
just I just wish I was logging at that
moment when I was getting the shower and
cuz like ROFL minute I was like and
every thought went through my head I'm
like wait did the soap drop and I can't
see cuz the same colors the tub so now
I'm gonna get the tub and I'm like can I
see this in a microwave did I take the
soap out like wash man's but I'm gonna
be at this thing like you're 60 seconds
I try to figure out
I even went as far as examining the ring
that's a so for like evidence good what
did I do and then I'm like would humble
have stolen myself and my first thought
was there's no way humble would do that
not replace myself but no he did and
then he goes and then he goes to tell me
no that ain't going to tell me that well
I looked at your shower you so much time
I figured you probably use the soap
there's a can you explain this river
when the soap get so small I'm old this
lever onto the new soap and you didn't
you think I just do enough of art
obviously I use the stuff so now
basically the story is I have nothing we
have nothing
I'm gonna order to know what you're a
good friend
so does it matter and if anything you've
provided as an entertainment I will
redeem myself
okay I'm Rambo I am Shak I'm that said
he's like that guy go you think your
phone's broken if you think your phone
is broken right now watching this I want
you to raise your hand if you think your
phone was working cuz cuz this one my
favorite pair over here she's about to
show you what a broken phone actually
looks like hey wait wait wait
but is a phone we should really
highlight that it's no okay it's working
right maybe some yeah literally this is
right this is not a flip phone the
record don't know how and I know it's
not work so don't even go with
understand yeah happy blue oh yeah the
matrix is in there okay I know and the
touch screen works yeah well now you're
gonna know my password oh my god oh my
god shocking Debra Jean what one chip or
leg one I'm a changed person McKean
getting a burrito and not be rice ball
blam Madilyn Bailey Schmidt medulla
burrito challenge ever since Dan Mia
cheering room on bridge anyway
a region-wide region Wow
when I busy yes wait is that dove
deodorant just John the chin
yeah nobody God passing struggling over
here struggling can you hear my Marina
sighs new yours
what is just kids I don't know why you
that well you borrowed nothing in your
beer not a hates vegetables just
anything that's even close to vegetable
it's probably just like sour cream and
just being meet my PNG little Centurion
breathable yeah that's a lot of lettuce
right up my hair as up we're headed to
bridges Conger I'm excited bridge oh my
girl my girl I'm so excited in this
whole I'd eat a sweater
we keep my head up you see what they are
when we go on the town of the gummy now
singles it with a little crowd you're
talking looks around whisper laughs
Brown bridge it killed it and this
random strangers also here right wowsers
this place is such a mess
that's okay because that's what living
in places does that's fine I'm pooped
I'm on a good schedule right now welcome
at 9:00 today even though I went pretty
late and right now it's 11:30 and I'm
gonna go to bed give me an adult action
to wake up early tomorrow
at about 8:00 and do my makeup because I
am shooting with ti Laurie I'm so
excited for a cooking show so that is
happening um also as I say but it was so
cool so good I love supporting people
friends who do things and we're
ambitious and who like us out there
doing their art I love it so much and so
like I was looking like Kyle's like it's
not Victoria I was staring at a Russell
drunk I'm like I'm not sure so texture
I'm like where are you right now
check out my budget show and I went up
turned I was like hey really fun to see
her is all done tuck ah green man biz
line like a good girl and you can't even
tell Karen um I'm going to bed thank you
for joining me on today much better day
in terms of how I'm feeling in my
anxiety anxiety uh much more than
yesterday and thank you so much all of
you are sending me natto Johanna no I
can't assume wills all of you but a lot
of you are sending me tweets wishing me
well and look at this pimple that I'm
gonna totally pop even though I know I
shouldn't when I'm done blogging I would
ask Mike I tell you your hope you're
happy hope you live in life hope you do
the damn thing yeah I mean um
yeah i'ma go I'm tired also you know
happen this made me the mo of the show I
realized my sweater has pockets let me
tell you why this is revolutionary cuz
in the hood it's not a hoodie it's what
I was just my day was made the small
things the small things thank you for
joining me in today of tomorrow we got
an exciting day planned we're gonna work
work work work work work work work work
and I'm just I grabbed brothers military
okay if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
yep yeah get subscribe
thank you oh my god that movie was so
damn good and I'm not even saying that
are you thinking oh my god Lily just
obsessed with Duane and so she's biased
but hear it from someone unbiased I used
to hate on Disney movies all the time
then ended up I always I have written
like I've actually written like really I
don't know that I do not know what um
but then inside out came and that
changed me and I actually wrote an
apology Disney because of that these
guys did it again they stepped it up
they showed a nice powerful young girl
who's a hero who's determined who gets
knocked down and gets back up multiple
times and is of color is of color
