so just hear me out
you're not just just hear me out here
you know you've seen a lot of people
vlogging about you know yesterday's vlog
was about Casey and it was about how he
said you know vlogs don't challenge them
anymore it's just there's a lot of
people talking about the content
challenging them and talking about
moving on and kind of graduating from
vlogs I love vlogging I want to start
with that I love vlogging I love
connecting with all of you but I'd be
lying if I said that carrying around
this vlog camera is it kind of takes a
toll it kind of does because I want to
do authentic awesome things and I don't
always have to carry on this camera and
I don't always want to have to I don't
know I just
it's what I'm trying to say is I just I
do feel like things would just improve
it and in turn I think that would make
you really happy
I do think would make me more happy and
they're gonna make you more happy so I
am going to and I don't even feel like I
need to I'd love to not so much as what
which is why I'm doing this I don't
really even feel I have to really you
know I'm just gonna I've never made a
mirror like this before my God why Shh I
guess I'm francais I'm gonna be putting
away the volume camera because I'm kind
of sick of it I'm kind of sick of it
I want to do better things and I want do
better things and that's why from now on
I'm just gonna be using this camera I'm
just gonna stop using this this I'm just
gonna use this one so yeah that's better
did I scare ya I listen there might be a
day down the line someday down the line
where I stop vlogging that days not
today I'm just way too obsessed with all
of you but having said that this is a
monumental moment because I will stop
using this vlogging camera we're saying
goodbye to the og vlogging camera this
vlogging camera is what started me
vlogging it is a conversation starter
what I've met I can
countless people from ariana grande to
Dwayne to Celine everyone when I start
blogs like what is that thing it is
amazing but the fact that means that
this camera that I'm using now is just
so much more HD when I made my vlog
yesterday blogging like Casey almost all
of you commented being like y'all at
cameras what you need to be using it's
time to upgrade it's time to move on to
the next chapter say goodbye to the
fisheye some of you will be sad some of
you will be so happy but from now on and
less like something happens where
because this one I might have to
exchange for another words we might be
appeared when we go back to spread well
from now on this vlog channel we're
gonna be doing things a little Hg are
you ready for this upgrade are you ready
now this is gonna take a little getting
used to because it's not fisheye which
means not our mast extends so much
further than before but it's okay cuz
it's can be a learning process for both
of us today is Wednesday I just had an
amazing call with YouTube I have all day
to work on my collab stay which I'm very
very excited about Alex put this great
little fuzzy thing on top of my
microphone so any wind issues will be
resolved that I had yesterday I'm so
glad you all like the Casey logs and
what you all really really liked it was
so much fun to do but hear me when I say
never never again so hard to end it so
hard to film kudos it one more time yo
let's go check on humble cuz I just
picked him out of here to do that
dramatic thing in the beginning I'm
sorry for scaring you by the way thanks
Ellie well humble humble humble pick him
in so I just told them all how the vlog
channel has graduated to this camera
yeah and I'm kind of emotional what
how'd you feel about this cuz I have a
camera that's a G right there I think
it's wonderful it's more detailed so we
obviously could steal my pimples and
lack of eyebrows it's a CS in 3d now and
I think it's gonna be super dope the
last one you made the casein s that one
was freaking dope did you like it super
brace did you like it super one I didn't
know how close you were to my face right
now here's a question though most
emotional would you put in your butt we
put my bug so the video I'm gonna shoot
today even though Jays Wednesday
uh-huh is Kermit memes in real life
yesterday something at the Kermit
costume in today I just got to get a
Lipton tea bag why you ask
let me show you I'm trying to recreate
this meme and as you can see
need an Lipton tea bag I should probably
also buy moving boxes just saying
because it's the 23rd and I only have
this place until the 30th and remove
anything / haven't moved anything but it
like cuz I'm done I'm done
why doesn't Dom me I'm done I don't item
I'm done I'm done I'm a dumb person so
it's my nephew's birthday today it's his
3rd birthday tell he's buried happy
birthday bTW thank you he's literally in
a like a thing of foam and that mom oh
my god let's see okay mom is living her
best life right now can you please take
a picture of mom this is everything he's
giving kisses I'm not so initially I was
gonna shoot my video today but the Sun
sets so early these days because I
winter so it's gonna set soon so I'm
going through all my emails doing all my
rent work today then tomorrow when I
wake up earlier shooting at it coz gonna
be pretty easy to shoot at it also
another reason why I'm rushing chase the
wind outside is auditioning on The Voice
it's just like you're on backwards right
here and the wind is all like and I'm
just up in here like it's so hot outside
but it's okay you know what because
these are all first world problems and
I'm feeling particularly blessed today
are you feeling less let's just stop
right let's just pause for a second
there's a pause for one thing listen to
one thing that we take for granted every
single day I'm not thinking one thing
right now and hmm got it you know me I'm
such a huge wimp when it comes to cold
and that's why I moved to LA because
it's always sunny but I just kind of
take for granted every day that I get to
chill in a tank top in a warm
comfortable environment which a lot
people don't get to do a lot of people
don't have warm think about I think
about a lot of people don't have warmth
how are you possibly having a bad day
come on let's be grateful evolve you
viewing viewings mmm beings everything I
had one job to finish the motivational
speech and I acted up I am such a
failure in life I just realized I missed
a huge opportunity yesterday as I was
vlogging like Casey nice that wearing
sunglasses because what I should have
done is this in a bollywood song about
wearing sunglasses oh I had one job I
had one job and next thing is my arms
are long enough now when I vlog unless I
learn how to do this I'm happy miles
away from miles kilometers away from the
camera for you to see me so I'm gonna be
blogging like hey good morning
what are y'all saying what do you mean
no what do you mean a vegetable my
darkness is looking not really one of my
arms just as long are you don't yeah
okay not something so funny
so one comment on my blog yesterday
they're like Lily with this new camera
like I forgot that you can actually look
hot like are you saying that in the
fisheye one I did look good because I've
longed for like 500 days using that one
too
because I don't care okay my my my my
good I don't care well this is why I
have no friends thanks amber yeah okay
stop you know what I really like about
my job is that it's so much damn fun
like I just wrote three creatives for my
12 class
I've just been literally sitting if I'm
a computer for hours and hours and I've
been like so into it I'm so focused and
when I look focused I look really stupid
this is my focused face Real Talk have
you ever seen the parts in between my
videos that are in the video is the
really mean for the camera like I blink
so fast like I'm surprised I don't like
fly fly away with the blinking but I
just wrote three creatives that I really
really really like and there's no better
feeling than writing a creative that's
so dope in a script that's so doping
just like damn that script could be my
laugh scream best scripts I'll find that
to be my lock screen right there mark
your calendars December 1st you going
nah it's not big it goin bad
hey gun yo that's how you get for free
okay
it's ain't no free show over here yeah
okay higher V so I really do feel when I
make scripts I speak my own language
like when I write a script I'm so unlike
auto pilot where I'm like ideas ideas
ideas reading writing and when I go back
and read it it's like because make any
sense is only the language I can
comprehend because I know all the typos
I made no time thinking when I write a
script never writing like two three
times first in my language slightly more
English than English I just wish you
could I just wish the coupie could read
my mind in Auto crack when I say ish I'm
not trying to say fish no manuscripts
say fish all my scripts say fish because
I write ish and I write like that mother
effer corrects to like edge I just I
stick this cat
yeah really really really good news
really underwear yeah I prank you so
hard
humble has almost no reaction to
everything I could say anything and this
will be his face right here no my
finisher in the freezer that is correct
that is the most I've ever seen you
expressed any type of emotion I reserved
my emotion can I just say that I am
killing the game today I did like five
creatives and you sort of whole script
I've done like six very creative things
and my brain feels like it's mush right
now you know what I did actually to
motivate me I watched one of my old
videos I watched how I deal with kids
with garden and I treated butter I'm in
texts and relics I was like oh my god I
love this video so much edge of 17 also
priests partly watching things it's the
key to being creatively aren't you
wearing your headphones
okay stop this thing where when it gets
late at night I just listened to only
Bollywood music like I just like once I
passed a certain time I'm just like
completely Bollywood music and this is
one of my favorites and just like a
video so for those who they don't know
Bollywood the actor's name is Ben rear
sing and like I haven't met him yet but
let me chat here and there and he's so
hot
especially in this song his character is
very funny in the song and his body is
1/f and on point like mother effing just
like on point one day when I'm fit like
when I finally wear gonza and I'm fit
I'm gonna perform to the song in the gym
let me educate you real quick yah yah oh
oh oh yes okay oh yeah come check it now
the kun is elevated
BRB
sorry I was hella thirsty ha ha oh my
this thing so HD you can see all my
imperfections look at all my you know
what my beautiful uniqueness right here
I'm so secure in securities blah blah I
had such a productive day I killed it
today I should have went up to Monopoly
board game knows it but but I killed the
game today I hope you had a great day as
well because nothing feels better than
having a productive day trust him I feel
good you might think it feels good to be
lazy and not do things silicon or
doesn't feel as good is getting ish done
nailed it
mmm thanks look if you liked it
subscribe if you liked it subscribe our
IP loving camera here's to new chapter
if you liked it subscribe more of a 7 3
6 thank you yeah let me give you an app
your representation of home what
