so where's this thing web blog like
Casey Neistat today here's a thing I'd
have a drone I don't have a different
lens I don't really know how to use this
camera but I'm gonna try you know to say
it's not the size of the lens on the
camera the size of the heart in the
shooter they don't say that I just made
that up it's gonna be fine
humble just came back from the gym I was
the gym I hurt my boy you hurt your butt
it was the beach which way is the beach
so FaceTime with my mom right now and
she is claiming that she is going to
record a YouTube video that I have to
post on my channel and mom what is the
video about him this is the video that
how you guys do the pigs and hoagie okay
so how kids do things now parents do
things how kids do things and our
parents do things yeah but it's the same
thing but two different ways of doing me
right and then I'm going to ask how many
parents can relate it to that snow wave
I okay I'll be right back
so the other day I was hanging with Kyle
and she was wearing his favorite shirt
and he lifted his arm and it was a rip
and he was so upset because he's like I
like this shirt so much
ah gift for you oh yeah yeah make
America again how'd you find this
you know Kyle got me these temporary
tattoos and I wanna put them on right
now making all baths getting tatted to
make she leave for long enough I don't
know half unicorn I beheaded unicorn
honey book press press reading
instructions boom or was it an OG before
I'm Debra nilly oh Jesus let me make a
rap song about me real quick Lily Lily
she's so cool she just got a bunch of
temporary tattoos
so in an effort to be more responsible I
am trying to plan my videos more in
advance so for Thursday's video I need
to get some costumes what that's it
Lilly Singh oh not yet not yet we
working working on it working on it this
is sick
this is sick and disgusting stop not
even funny
toe wedding ring me on the beginning of
Friday night me at the end yes I know
where's the multiculturalism where's the
diversity this is this not just doesn't
work this is a great gift for my nephews
so we're looking for a kermit the frog
costume and Kyle called in this that
they had it but now they're like ah damn
I forgot to wear my glasses what are you
talking about I was wearing the whole
time cuz I'm Casey
thank you really really happy with how
that turned on everything and some now
we're heading to the grocery store and
just tripping over a bed not that you
saw came out of nowhere
we're going bro so shopping is humbling
I've been so good at eating groceries we
haven't ordered food in forever
if you intrude on me last time you have
a big dude now that we know what the
freezer compartment also just kidding
I'm Casey so now that we've gone grocery
shopping we have all this food that we
can eat at home I mean each boat layer
I'll say we uh we curly fries pizza
present peace laughing you're talking
about like a thirty minutes from now
situation are you committing to that
level of waiting because yes I feel like
we're in a really good shrinking my
eating out okay okay so i gave up on the
glasses because I couldn't see anything
I just thought like it was cloudy the
whole day so pretend so I had this new
thing where if anyone says anything to
me now I'm just like yo you saw me make
that sandwich right you saw me make that
sandwich because now with the sandwich
is a threat the sandwich is a threat we
love this pizza this is not a brand it's
nothing I just love this I could eat
this entire pizza real talk
I want to shoot behind the scenes at the
KC nights I've bloggers here now I got
this time-lapse situation happening out
here
Zaara he's got features I got Casper the
Friendly Ghost we've discovered that
Kyle is a new level of bougie because we
had salsa that was three is expired he
threw it away three days that's
basically brand new neither that's also
don't you touch that tripod boy don't
make me make you a sandwich right now
don't touch that tripod boy I don't know
what it is I'm just making it up okay so
in case you're wondering why I'm
vlogging like Casey today's cuz I
mentioned a few vlogs ago as well that
Casey is decide to stop vlogging and I
said this two days ago in our city in
today's I think that is so brave and
Birbal because the reason he stopped
blogging is because he doesn't feel it
challenges him anymore and I am a huge
believer of stepping outside of your
comfort zone and continuously
challenging yourself I think that is
crucial to success and to happiness and
to growing as a person just emotionally
and spiritually and and mentally in
every such way so I think that super
super dope I decided to dedicate this
vlog to KC for that reason because I
feel like he's revolutionary I feel like
he's a genius I feel like you changed
the vlogging game because it wasn't that
real real real talk right now there's so
many ways to get views on YouTube right
you can do clickbait you can do enticing
titles you can eat weird things you can
do a whole bunch of stuff but Casey gets
views because he's talented and I'm not
saying that people use clickbait and do
other things are not talented I just in
my heart in my creative heart I
appreciate that so much about Casey cuz
when I go into a meeting and people like
oh wait you do YouTube I can just hope
in my brain hope and pray and wish that
when they think of YouTube they think of
someone like Casey nice dad so today I
have a little of a lenient schedule so
I'm sad we'll see a movie I heard that
the age of 17 is actually really really
good it has like 98 percent 90 percent
90 95 95 percent on Rotten Tomatoes so
I'm in doable to work in a couple hours
enough hours my food to digest so I have
room for popcorn and then we'll see that
movie to finish off the night but until
then we gotta hustle hustle
we're gonna discover right now if not us
is the same size as this group much
shorter than you I'm really disappointed
in myself because I have a rule not to
eat like four hours before I go to the
movie so that I can eat the most amount
of popcorn but we're leaving in ten
minutes it looks so pretty full so now I
feel like I'm gonna have to just eat the
popcorn and then maybe get sick and
throw up
what's it we have an ongoing joke with
nada have you ever seen this episode of
Family Guy where someone is playing
pictionary with Stewie and Stewie's
drugs at the guys a jackal jackal mr.
jackal jackal jackal is a jackal jackal
is a real-life situation that just
happened again you tell the joke I'm not
a he's humble I'm not a good joke was
what is green slimy and smells like pork
and then she didn't get or like I said
the answer and we said sorry this is not
appropriate but I said I heard the joke
before so I said Kermit's finger and not
at it again right she didn't get the
association between Miss Piggy agreement
okay what what Oh cuz it is much
it's like was it it is but it was it is
buddy
no no cuz this is bad no why you talking
about butts horse is because this is
buddy no no but let's do a nice piggy Oh
cousin but not all mysteries in the
world up in song he's on it but matter
what happens and you know normally in
English you spell but bu TT not just
build a bu H you but just yeah she's
like yo have you guys heard of this
restaurant me show you like what it is
back
so you order popcorns from and they
bring this here table we don't use
shrimp it was about bonus Buy
so we skip the Grove and I look
spectacular
apparently the Dancing with the Stars
finale happen here that's what cool is
we have one minute one minute and
telling movie starts Indian Standard
Time
you know me unicorn not a fighter I'm
sorry for everything
no I'm sorry for every fan I just had to
move away from because the security guy
was want to kick us out cuz apparently
we left the park and could have returned
because another security guard told us
to take a detour and when we did another
security guard jumped on us I was like
okay go this way and they're gonna kick
us off the park and there was fans there
I had to walk away embarrassing day for
the crew security at the Grove today's
mad walk I apologize every fan has had
to walk away from we were gonna get
kicked out for apparently leaving the
park quite possibly the most ridiculous
series of events took place before this
first on the movie was phenomenal edge
of seventeen is so funny I also cried we
got one point but it was so funny so
well comedic timing Gold more the movies
already know that we got little things
to me good matter it basically got to
theater and already we were late for the
movie so obviously we still get popcorns
we're getting popcorn humble be the
sweetheart he is he is like really go
cuz if you don't know about me one of my
greatest pet peeves is missing the
beginning of movies I hate it so much so
I get to theater I'm like I miss
everything okay anything more even it
was like 30 seconds I'd like it done I
so much - I even whispered town like
what time is we get to our seats and we
have seen numbers and fears back so I
get to my seat but I'm still getting
food while all the seats are taken so
and this the movies already started not
as like and then we gotta put on our
flashlights and holder jacket seat
numbers I'm missing the movie join as
objective numbers and this girl next to
me is in humble C and I was like I look
down and there's no MTC with using
everyone just sat in the wrong seat in
the road you a little annoyed
communicating that I would have to get
everyone who like completely to cows
like I'm like and all this is happening
was movie place laughter yeah so to give
my version with comedy meanwhile I don't
know what's happening I'm telling one
hey you guys all go I got the stuff but
I end up ordering coupon codes it's
three drinks I thought I was beside me
like how can you help me with this is no
Kyle meanwhile and I do apologize this
vote I think
eight or nine of you in the back
screaming horrible and you got it behind
the thing okay I would have asked you to
help me hold the stuff and I run in to
the end of the hallway
to give you guys your popcorn and I
couldn't pull the drink so they can hold
them but wait so the theater has the arm
wrestling your solution it four of us
seven three six you let me go and have
your representation of hosing down and
then I go to fill the drinks up and you
guys are still waiting yeah and I'm I'm
already missing the movie I gotta get
these drinks and they're not enough
seats so I apologize I had to leave I
didn't I think it's a how do you guys so
I'm filling up all these three drinks
with my two hands and I grabbed all the
straws in napkins and I shoved them into
my pocket and they're already down and
I'm not this white bitch I'm like I
missed out the whole movie I don't know
what's happening my butt cheek is
squeezing is he and I'm always just me
we had a one straw for three drinks I
know this part is not like Casey's vlog
was where I'm mixing my flavor in as
well because Casey you know what he
wouldn't have bothered with the mother
from movie and also he wouldn't drop the
throgs deadlocks you're sure it was a
mess
and a disaster but the movie was great
you know what things become such a
disaster just becomes funny that's what
you say yeah just when you think things
were ridiculous enough now my car is
flashing tire pressures low on three of
the wheels we don't know why three of
the wheel suddenly so we're believing in
humbles mechanic skills here because I
have no m---eleven idea
when I put this in there this is gonna
shoot out right look way to air
something
coyotes about dollar you have a dollar
and dog air water is not Oh
ivana wood and water you not I probably
ended up taking out more air out of the
thing I have no cash
okay so alex has his cameras my first
day using and he told me that there's a
speak I think I'm coming right now is
just me oh the speaker on top of this
that you're not going to cover and I
think my fingers better the whole day so
there's it's quite possible that every
clip previous to this you can't hear me
and if so I'm so sorry hey maybe your
buddy
nobody's alright oh you're still biting
okay your piercing my license four and a
half months hi sweetheart
you got my face don't you okay okay hey
Oh
cubby cubby cubby cubby calm oh wow I
have a newfound respect for Casey
because today was difficult there's a
lot a lot of fun but man like this is
not even half as close to how he doesn't
lawns and it was hard I had a really
great day a ridiculous day with
craziness made no sense it's really nice
to see Alex Lauren and Erin as well
after so long and then you puppy guppy
don't you also you put the effort of my
finger just say but thank you for
joining me on today I know you are busy
and you have a million things to do and
I appreciate you taking a few minutes
every day to spend it with me if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe cat stops damn I didn't get a
drone shot
chop up your onion now if you start too
painfully tear up don't worry now you
know how your mother feels when she sees
how you turned out
