eita les damos Alaura
it is our last day in Barcelona because
tomorrow morning we are going to Madrid
so today we're going to park I don't
know pronounce a gue el gala girl oh
yeah yeah Ana and then after that we're
going to a show and we're gonna check
out the first place
Gaudi made so got a few things to do
today I'm very excited one breaks up
with the show actually I've seen it
before it it's so good
but we have a packed schedule so we're
gonna leave enjoy last day and Barcelona
are we excited yes yeah
you know i'ma say you know imma say you
know I'm safe this is this is begging
for a montage
so I saw this cool thing has lines
around it then I climbed line on top of
this lion easy kill from walking dead we
can clear this line I'm on top of it and
walk a lot I'm pretty terrified I don't
know how I'm getting down this is really
super slippery and my dad had told me up
here and I feel like I have to live up
here and I have to like make my videos
from up here cuz I don't know how I'm
going down so I'm just basically that
person that's like
well I climbed a lion and I can't get
down when anything for the gram doe
what's that good-looking we're back in
the hotel eating some grilled cheese and
fries before our dinner um which is in
three hours and I said dinner I'm stuck
I'm stuck a dinner and a show
oh my god we just saw the first place
that first house galley ever made and it
was dope man was kind of a genius no big
deal ever now we're gonna show for a
while and then we have Showtime Hey
deja vu because I went here with Contiki
the same place not allowed to record the
show but I'm gonna enjoy it
flamenco show he's a cute fact my mom
thought it was flamingo and it was gonna
be bird and I would have done the same
thing to be honest if I wasn't here
already was well we enjoyed this show
and with ample time I said cha-cha-cha
to flamenco show good job
so the let us record last in the last
couple mins of the show the latest
record which is cool and now in gelato
but a secondary role I'm in Memorial
mimes in Villa mango we get paid for
being pigs having a good time here a
couple sex Sephora kill the game so
we're following the election and the
second part is in seven hours a new
president decided we'll be asleep
because the time we're friends so
obviously but not know until I wake up
tomorrow morning who the new president
is and even though we're Canadian it's
still a big deal because I think well if
you're not living in America you live
anywhere else just to kind of watch this
like please like London humanity and
also like I live there
there's several reasonable we're
neighbors yes I also live there and also
unified didn't develop anywhere else in
the world I've watched the same way
because just like yo humanity
come on us we nosey good
yo yo yo Muslim listen time time time
how much everyone today I don't really
remember I kind just enjoyed the day but
I want to go to bed and hopefully wake
up to a president that believes in unity
and makes her story not history but her
story that is what I'm hoping and
tomorrow we also have to Madrid and so I
don't have Madrid as planned or as ahead
Barcelona but I have some ideas of what
we're gonna do and we're there for about
three days and I'm really excited cuz
merges that's you somewhere I've never
been barcelona I've been to before
Maggiore I've never been so menu for me
as well which can be very very cool um
the thing for joining me in today no you
had a great day in order what happens in
the world no but the answer is always
going to be love and unity and nice
people that is always going to be the
solution I don't care who thinks that's
naive
work hard be nice to people those the
key to success with that I'm gonna go to
bed if you like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe
stop there's a structure here where when
I google the people taking pictures on
it and now they blocked it off for good
reason because people would climb to the
top but it would be a sick picture check
this out this is art piece and like I
saw a guy that climbed all the way to
top now it's blocked off but like he
stood there if you fall you die like you
fall off the mountain
so like I understand was blocked off I'm
just like I want to go up there I'm not
gonna what I'm just saying it's so cool
that our piece this is probably created
before Instagram was created or else no
one would build something like that in
today's day and age because I know mad
people die but it's dope
