one of what a patient reference
good morning Barcelona we are on day
three of our trip and today where we're
going to day to our private day tour
with a tour guide named mark and I he
looks like you in the picture by the way
so I'm like hey Mike we're going to
Monsour I don't know I'm saying that
right Montserrat Mont Montserrat
Montserrat is where we're going and we
really breakfast right now and then
we're gonna get blinded by the Sun in my
pupil and then we're gonna head to this
day towards about an hour away I'm
excited about it so far so good
the trip is going be going great my
parents already downstairs in breakfast
I'm in my zone in my organisation don't
I fumbled on one little thing which is
that this magic fountain thing I was
gonna take them yesterday it was only
that the show only happened Friday and
Saturdays there's one little thing I
found but I still took into the fountain
still look beautiful still two pictures
but so far that's the one thing I left
up which I felt bad about all day but
everything else has gone according to
plan my master plan my organization is
really paying off and they're having a
really good time and that's all I wanted
was my parents have a good vacation and
prove that I can do this and I'm doing
it
I am doing it so far so unless I like
cut my leg off accidentally today things
will be going great ha you're going to
see a great nerf we took a one out of
three line great chain lose my nice now
we're seeing a cable car up how do you
properly pronounce it again one orange
Sarah monstera this is Mark
he's her tour guide and I'm hoping all
of this won't be outside because it's a
little bit cold but working somehow it's
gonna be good it's gonna be great
we're lots of glare another cable car
into the mountains check it out
finally get some good pictures cuz mark
can take pictures of me every time I
parents take pictures they cut off half
of everything I'm to kill him like it's
okay it's great it's great but really
it's like I'm like this much my picture
check out the dope please
crazy so there's a structure here where
when I googled and people taking
pictures on it and now they blocked it
off for good reason because people would
climb to the top but it would be a sick
picture check this out this is art piece
and like I saw a guy that climbed all
the way to top now it's blocked off but
like he stood there if you fall you die
like you fall off the mountain so like I
understand why's blocked up and was like
I want to go up there am I gonna what
I'm just saying it's so cool that our
piece this is probably created before
Instagram was created or else no one
would build something like that in
today's day and age doesn't know mad
people die but it don't I just had honey
straight from the honeycomb no so damn
good who's so damn good when you getting
to the other super freak mom big big
thing tasty gig because a kid
two things happen one MFN and she was so
cute and I gave her my girl every few
keys and she's from Chile actually so I
guess thinking she can get their pinky
I'm gonna give one shoe so happy so
shouts that hat if you're watching this
also I mean the bees are right I mean
the lunch view was like whatever you
know I think it's been amazing look at
this we're eating lunch occasionally
there's a better view here though
that'll be your mom eating french fries
anyone you can french fries great view
did we put a spit so I'm going back down
and it's mad no big deal
also the soup I had at lunch was so damn
good it was carrot soup was the best of
Loretto my life is so good I just want
to point that out
the soup was - Artie if it bit the right
here right here the soup
we're back I got so cold but we're back
mommy did you have fun yes you have fun
yes Yvonne and now we're gonna go
shopping yeah I'm gonna have a lot of
fun doing that ah my mom by the way me
and my dad get tired we whip up we have
to walk uphill for even like 5 min to
work my mom is so fish you can walk up a
hill she can walk for hours she just not
get hired what about you work I work out
I work out yeah we'll be no work hard
every mom goes the gym lot so mom's way
fit more fit than the rest of us
that stressful moment when tomorrow
we're gonna have a new president we're
going shopping now in a lighter note
when you are shopping exactly - boy when
we were shopping I thought I saw the
store that we like outside I saw some
really cool stuff so we're gonna do that
the Colts are all bundled up and we're
watching the news just to come over the
election from Spain okay
public service announcement I just
bought the sickest jacket on the face of
the planet you're gonna think I'm
exaggerating but it is the sickest
jacket it's from the store I saw on the
airport another pounce it was called
like they see we I've seen in other
parts of the world as well how gall okay
fine might even happening to me I
already have in Toronto and I okay but I
want to whoever owns this company and
work so please contact me because I want
all of your stuff and I want to work
with you and I think we can do some dope
stuff together because this design is so
dope I ready for this i racing my jacket
I'm so excited so me okay look at this
come on and then the sleeves are totally
different the jean jacket I love that
it's so funky and was very expensive but
it's okay because I love it that's my
story
this is not an ad this is not sponsored
I can show you the receipt if you'd like
but I thought it was really cool and I
want more of their stuff and I don't
know where they're from I don't know I
think about them so if you know anything
about this brand please highlight your
girl and I will always I McDonald
because when in Spain we make a de Tommy
just kidding our vacations in the Arctic
ah the guys here to succeed because our
room is so cold um we're gonna watch a
movie now huntsmen with my boo thang
Charlize and I haven't seen anything
like the last person on the planet and
then I probably don't fall asleep right
after some and my vlog here I'm a-gonna
on the toilet because the guy is fixing
stuff from there so thank you for
joining us another date mummy's birthday
extravaganza schukat
oh my gosh yuca tomorrow we are going to
go to a cool Taurus traction here as a
park and then we have a show in the
evening so it's gonna be exciting and I
can't wait to take you with me thank you
thank you thank you so was working what
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
thank you like subscribe we're going to
market not made for the claustrophobic
for sure it is
merkat State Joseph Lepore yeah
Mirchi Burt Knossos Merck hat we're like
us stupid English tourists that are so
like dollars like st. Joseph's blah
booyah
