slapping into your day like that it
worked as well as I wanted it to
good morning these days when I say good
morning it's actually morning it's 10:30
8 a.m. I woke up an hour ago I already
ate breakfast Aaden omelette sandwich
and yogurt with grapes and walnuts and
they looked so beautiful my omelette was
so beautifully crisp and circular I
almost was tempted to not eat it and get
my vlogging camera I'm vlogging first
when I was like you know what this is
going to taste better in my stomach than
on the screen when we just enjoy this
breakfast for myself I try to not vlog
and start my day social media day till
after breakfast because I my breakfast
is just me so no one else it's not for
screen it's not for any users for myself
to gather my thoughts before the day and
that's what I'd done how many poet is
here as well who's mentioned here on
last night so place is a little bit
chilly
I also woke up a little sick again with
my nose stuff but I took my medicine and
now my boogers are slowly disappearing
from my nose I'm gonna go finish the
rest of my video for today starting at
10:30 damp ever higher Who am I Who am I
I should be on a game of guess who just
like long hair brown skin we're gonna do
that I'm gonna edit it then we got a
bunch of other work to do it's very
great productive day you feel that a
great productive day so whatever you
want to do in life you're gonna start
the process of it today with me together
here we go fun fact this shirt very
super cute
someone left it up that shoot that I did
that major shoot the Halloween one that
I didn't lose the video this is some
youtubers shirt I'm gonna wear it in the
video and hopefully no one message me
like hey it's Michelle Nouveau notice
hello
Hayley's young and hip auntie they'd
have accent but little bit of English
too and UK for no reason you understand
okay that's not what happened at all
actually decide to make a younger auntie
character and I put these little curls
because back in the day this is what I
used to do to my hair and I thought I
don't even do this and she's supposed to
like a rich fabulous but like very
oblivious auntie that's kind of tries to
be like modern and so she like has an
accent but kind of not really so she
like you know like that kind of thing
hello the time ears oh my god my vision
these days not the best
12:52 91 p.m. I just finished my skin
I'm about to edit this ish Who am I Who
am I right now I actually created two
new characters today there's ID when I
forgot to vlog it was like a nerdy
cousin that I didn't vlog is but I liked
it and it was fun and I like to feel oh
I'm not having to rush I can edit it how
I want now and do the thing let's go
tell humble I'm done recording because I
don't let him be around and up for nice
hello you can come out humbles are the
new NT character wasn't nobody here it's
the neighborly here I did his own name
with the new cause his name is Dave dude
cuz I want to think my name were like
white people can say it is Dave and
Indian people would understand Dave
that's why my dad's name
oh my um phone processing 95% 3 p.m.
yes I'm listening to volume movie music
well Holloway what my videos up is 3
p.m.
hold on what what did you do that lets
nacho didn't intend to actual not
feeling too good
feel like I'm like hot and fever a
little bit again but I'm not like
raucous a I'm sick I'm Sheena
not completely hundred percent maybe
like 9 years % I'm gonna make myself
some pasta and humble some pasta my
signature special special pasta that's
gonna hug our souls because we agree
that sandwiches don't have the soul oh
they do they're good on you know certain
days on the flood on the fly but like
when you want your soul to be yellow you
want your soul to be Andre I love them
with four words coddled yes cuddled yes
with love like a mother's cuddle we need
to eat up the soul cuddling menu today
yes good so to contribute to the pasta
making humble is washing the dishes yes
and then I'm doing to do it even more
importantly about up and stay out of the
way
because sometimes that's all you need to
do
boom I want you imagine me I want you in
my tummy because you are so yummy hey
hey dirty but what to fix I did what if
you wanted foot more yeah
is your soul being hugged let me know I
won't be heartbroken in my soul in my
bill that was not related by oh hey
videos out I am feeling a little bit
under the weather I'm roasting an
emergency nap because I'm feeling a bit
feverish hopefully for one hour it's Kim
my videos that I have other work to do
but I don't want to seek again so
emergency NAP don't ask left for like
two hours but I'm okay
right my ice cream yeah damn and I'm
definitely getting sick again
my eyes are watering my nose is running
everything is I but I'm but it's a p.m.
I just don't threw out my emails I'm
gonna do a quick recording of something
and then I booked a massage and then I
am going to sleep while writing cribs my
12 collabs again I get a very early
night I'm gonna try but I don't want to
y'all want to see humble smile Dwayne's
daughter just texted me
complimenting his book and when I get
him to read it live he's got somehow so
much watch your humble have a text for
you that I was like you to react to yes
that I'd like you to react to okay
yes Gary yep where are you taking hey do
I get to know this from you do I know
what's go first I don't have no idea
what my usual happy it's not like most
things that her friendship pretty much
if I'm doing daughter okay hey that
should make you smile already huh this
make you smile already
I'm okay please tell humble that his
book is one of the best damn things I've
ever read and part 38 made me cry and
thank you so much for writing this well
those real quickly to 1.30 if you mad at
me yes I do feel so forget it's one of
alternators all right what's 38 after 38
is heart breaks are essential there you
go
thank you very much for your kind words
and actually taking the time to read the
book it really means a lot to me there's
any part of you shock right now I just
knew it is coming back from trips I
don't unpack so then just turns into
chaos because I don't unpack right away
if I start to unpack right away
everything will be solved but who's
gonna do that not I had a great massage
shout out sooth okay honestly just I was
think about dream massage rooms like
every time I'm not in a country like if
I'm in Canada call me off soothe my life
with the quality of my life reduces his
sweat my whole quality and I'm not
getting paid to say this but I love them
and I really
I've never given you my code for them so
the links in the description if you want
to experience the magic miss I think
it's only in America though my bad the
magic miss you use my promo coding at a
discount I'm not getting paid to say
this I just love them and adore them and
they are my most that product wonderful
relationship thus far and let every time
to be precise like why could I just be
dating someone that doesn't understand
that's all I want using somebody who was
a masseuse we want to do massages when
you're not on the clock oh you think I
care no of course I remember that was a
side though you're talking about in
Jerry dates a masseuse and he tries to
get a given massage yeah I know I course
I care I just made myself some honey and
water and I am going to drink it while I
do some work then I'm gonna go to sleep
it's a little bit before time is it a
little bit my set so by Maggie detain me
easy it is 10:59 it's 11:00 so then you
gonna be sleeping sleeping by 12 like by
12 plus we're gonna do look at us we
just if I'm not worried sure you
somewhere at some point I'm this is one
of us worship you represented at all
time and also we used to wear gym
clothes
that's the truth true it is drake met
with yesterday accident sorta yeah
they're pretty sick guy oh sorry
mm I'm sleepy I'm sure they'd be in
minor surgery I'm gonna take some
medicine
note to self take medicine I hope I
don't wake up sick tomorrow and I'm not
super sick right now I'm just not 100 so
I think of I take some medicine I'll be
fine in the morning
but thank you for joining me on today
I've got a lot of great feedback about
the video and I'm really happy about
that so I'm glad you enjoyed it than
that um tomorrow we have a shoot that is
happening for the little thing yeah
recorded just now and this Friday right
so yeah I just work Friday turn up you
know I let I hope you had a great day I
have know someone I'm on the toilet I
say other than that a lot
other than that will be a great day
thank you joining me on my day and
tomorrow we're gonna do some other stuff
and stuff people if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
subscribe okay so I'm just here in this
fabulous kitchen you know just chillin
with my girl see ya you know you may
know her you know so competitive before
people always let the camera I'm telling
you such a conversation started how
personal how gorgeous is she know I'm in
love you we are like I'm in love oh my
god stop I'd be like we are long-lost
sisters and I know that sounds weird cuz
I wouldn't knows who your sister is but
I think it's me
