oh happy going back to LA a day good
morning good evening good afternoon
thank you first and foremost I know I've
said it before i'ma say it again because
I got the water it's not vlog but thank
you for your patience with my vlogs some
days I just wake up and when I chose my
family on my path to vlog camera so
until the new year is gonna be like that
some days I might just decide to vlog
some days I might decide not to me today
though we are flying back to LA it is
the 27th I'm so excited while a I'm sad
because I miss my family but be my
friends are flying with me here is a
mission today's pack basic open oh shoot
you know I'm in the snow ahead you know
go to the airport fly back to LA live my
life turn on the machine on an ocean air
flying back with me humbles already
there
I sense I'd see all my friends before I
leave this country you know I come in
January February though right yeah
what's this our defend the busy schedule
here oh my baby oh yeah we're okay wait
what's in here he has important too but
this is actually what I had to do I got
do what you have to wait for your time
men of my time you okay buddy good time
before I leave you know I gotta eat my
vegetarian Jake get going hey fire fire
fire fire fire is it time to me the fish
that's my mom's meats impression
everyone does something love the part we
actually do that like me the team do
that because they're a bunch of leeches
a tamil each and every one each biggest
one whoa
happy belated birthday oh gee oh gee
sandy I'm gonna believe in what I'm
thinking of you team's worst thing give
you your real one your real one
what sign honor Oh dad hat
dad you should model this yeah sure why
not didn't how does it make you feel
back 70 excellent they give it a turn
yeah anything you want baby up with the
dad head if you want if you don't at
school - what are you gonna be school's
my dad I mean come on I should do this
not no it's okay it's okay the Puma
shows its life but I like the what do
you think where there you go
follow that handgun model it Wow my dad
pulling up at the air pocket miss me yes
that was a very - meaning that come
visit you don't let your true gonna miss
me
oh yes definitely okay matter guard oh
yeah Jan Feb reached California
ai ai ai ai ai ai top of oh man I knew
here that it's the sound of chaos
reckoning upon la I made it now you know
made this necklace out of Lake papers
look one five two five three five three
friends
we the realest home
just landed in Los Angeles
welcome to my home excited so excited to
see my new home Oh Mahalo good as a few
little special eggs also my legs are
like blessed Oh what's going on fam I
haven't vlogged in a few hours because
I've just been like so living in the
moment of my friends seeing my house for
the first time we're just going to in
and out watch some TV what's gonna bad
night cuz obviously like we're doing the
time difference but I just feel so good
having my girls here and it feels just
like my world colliding my homes
colliding and it really means a lot for
my spirit and soul so I'm so over the
moon I don't even have anything major
planned for New Year's the days just
like hanging out together happy I'm so
happy I don't think today's vlog was
very long I'm sorry I just want to be
kind of president but kind of also share
some moments with you as well so gasps
what's going on my also today when
you're watching this on my main channel
a bloopers videos can be released she's
a little sneak peak sometimes better
than actual videos because if I
understand 4/12 collab I could direct
all those people like I could direct
Will Smith and of course I want to
villain I was like hey do you mind if I
direct you and wills response was so
Adam bull he's like I'm here to be
directed by you and I'm like because
sometimes I feel a little awkward like
hey John Lynch I'm gonna just direct you
and it's like a little bit intimidating
but the bloopers are really really fun
and I always think that they add so much
value to the actual video you know just
a little bit about the upload schedule
it's coming January 1st I'm not
releasing a video I'm gonna day off that
because you know in New York January 4th
I'm gonna do my year-end review video
and tomorrow when he watches today on
Facebook I'm gonna post how you can be
involved because you know every year I
take little snippets of team super and
put them in the video so stay tuned to
my facebook to find how you can be
involved after January force whatever
the next upload video days that's when
we're gonna go back into the comedy
videos to do all that stuff so clearly
awesome stay tuned it's gonna be time so
look what my mommy gave me it's such a
good addition to the room yellow lamps
Mountain I don't even know how
productive were today and her
really care because my soul was very
productive let's see how we did
look at me I have a friend a light
friend everyone some I'm not going to
because I'm living my life let me live
but I hope you're obviously quality
wherever you are whoever you're with
that's what counts whoever you're with
so focus on that focus on the positive
we all wrap-up 2017 was gratitude and
happiness until tomorrow if you like it
subscribe
did you like it subscribe subscribe also
want to say if you haven't grabbed your
mercury you can do so at Lilly Singh
Kham if you want if you don't want it
then f it ignore me but I'm not gonna
lie I kind of been wearing it non-stop
and I kind of love it maybe a biased
maybe I'm not but I think it's soft and
wonderful so that's a thing you know if
you're first tell me shut up go watch
another recommended video do you think
you live live your life
