thousand most brutal 20 minutes of my
life I'm sweating buckets sweat is
literally dripping down my body right
now so happened right I have a log in
two days by the way I missed you so much
I'm sorry
I the day we left Spain I got so sick
and I've been so sick for the past two
days you can probably heard my voice and
I was dreading this flight back to LA
because I was like I don't want to go to
flight well being sick last two days
I've been dying and crying and just from
freezing to sweating freezing just when
I'm just I got to the airport this of a
two-hour line bless everyone that let me
cut in front of them I I was running to
my plug like this be real a power
walking
I was power walking to my flight
probably of course right now I'm sorry
and then they're like doing last call
and like sweating and I have a fever and
oh my god please does my hair starts
unraveling I'm carrying my cab rubs I
just haven't so much paints just boogers
in my nose
also I'm so sorry to the one person that
stopped me a fan I was like I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry I'm running late for my
flight I apologize I have such a bad
fever right now I'm in the washroom
of the airplane because I want to tell
you what we made when I went back to LA
I refuse to be sick I've been sick for
two days I'm behind on so much work
today I'm flying back to LA I have asked
super one live the last one in the lily
pad and then I have the Moana premiere
so you already know doesn't matter how
sick I am nothing is gonna stop me from
supporting DJ so this next four hours
you have a choice Lily it's not being
stop being sick this is that's it it's
done I'm sweating so much Marty I've
done worse things on a few births you
two banthas India tripping TripIt go
back to civilization real no one said
the maps like are you deaf man I'm not
sick
definitely back in LA because it's so
hot Awesome's I saw Matt he was on my
plate the number of times that I'm on a
plane someone I don't even realize until
we're at the baggage claim but I was so
like awkward cuz I'm like I'm so sick
and I can't hear myself so if I'm
screaming I'm sorry I'm screaming right
now I'm sorry I might be whispering I
don't know but I'm so stubborn I saw my
bag coming and I'm like I know what bag
is so heavy but I want to ask anyone for
help so I lifted it and my hand got
stuck between the bag and the conveyor
belt and if you can see but this is what
stubborn list looks like
my skin is basically off it's okay
because it's gonna be a good day I'm
sweating fever place M degrees sucker
ask me how I'm doing ask Superman live
in 30 minutes because I can't hear
anything I literally can't hear a single
thing that is happening right now we all
see alright Hummel is here to direct me
the combo you're back in the vlogs I
guess is helpful I forgot you haven't
seen him in so long hmm I talked to him
like on the Reg so for me he's just like
well I realized anyways he's here to
tell me if I'm screaming or whispering
during my life screams I'm working my
ears aren't absolutely probably worth
fun fact when you're sick and go on a
plane did you know your ears actually
plug really really bad because your
sinus is already Epps like I can't hear
anything that's happening right now but
I can make it happen what an emotional a
supermoon live is still happening with
us all of you this all of you here right
now all of you humbles here we're going
to the memories of the lily pad I still
can't hear anything but it's okay this
is so worth they were going through so
many beautiful moments and it's making
me emotional but it's been a really good
time and it's about to end and book
that's all of you look at you you geek
you'll be big and look who's here
looking up pretty bringing me gifts also
I didn't realize what my hand is
actually really swollen so I guess that
injury was not matter at all and now I'm
basically look at me look at me I big
step a paw look at my hair and look what
happened oh my gosh I knew mean somebody
up yeah that's what happened still it's
beginning the Army is here to get me
ready and make me look we're gonna go
for fun look with sneakers and the suit
that has Bulls on it - plain White House
Bulls on it momentarily but no one's
sick that's the most important part no
one is sick I this is the vibes I don't
remember if I told you this but the
reason wearing this specific suit
intakes and everything is because has
Bulls on it and Dwayne's main tattoos on
the ball so I've been saving this outfit
for when I would see Dwayne again and
here we go the legs you know I'm sure
the photo tinting it's light you know
just lo so fresh so clean clean my nose
is running so much I can't deal and also
I lost my license these are things that
are happening right so we are stuck in a
ginormous amount of traffic right now so
extremely late and I have such bad angle
right out I'm trying to figure out why
these the reasons I have so far as I
should and I'm going to an event we're
doing like I should be over the moon I
am over the moon doe get me wrong today
what exactly I think that's probably
what is I'm sick too is I mean I'm not
like to is I have to come home make a
video still three is an audition
tomorrow morning that's causing an
immense amount of anxiety because I
haven't done one so long and I'm just
trying to focus on my talk clouds and
every time I have time focus on them
something gets added to my schedule and
it's causing me anxiety um what else you
have anxiety about there's something
else my hand really effing hurts that is
also causing the anxiety and when the
manicurist was massaging me I'm not
allowed me going just let them know
before the event yeah I just tell them
about the event every whoop-whoop
and then because of the main things the
little things get out yes
you think they'll make it know that if
I'm yes so let's say we have we have red
carpet guess we're all right carpet
thank you oh my god that movie was so
damn good and I'm not even saying that
are you thinking oh my god Lily just
obsessed with Duane and so she's biased
but hear it from someone unbiased I used
to hate on Disney movies all the time
then ended up I always I have written
like I've actually written like really I
don't know that I do not know that um
but then inside out came and that
changed me and I actually wrote an
apology Disney because of that these
guys did it again they stepped it up
they showed a nice powerful young girl
who's a hero who's determined who gets
knocked down and gets back up multiple
times and is of color is of color yes it
was a beautiful call to legislate and I
feel like I don't know much about that
culture I feel like music yeah yeah
probably but I feel like they depicted
it I know Duane wouldn't be part of
something they didn't depicted as is so
it was really really good was funny like
I laughed out loud several times it was
really friggin good I encouraged was
another thing that caught me off guard
you got the rock singing and rapping
that's right rapping my boo it's my way
that's my boy also I saw when we took
some cubed root in the magnet challenge
when a poster as well he's so sweet I
told him look I don't know why I had
like some I still have major anxiety I
don't know what it is I think it's a
combination of know I have a real
anxiety the real anxiety is not about
seeing Duane I was talking about things
the audition I think I'm not feeling
well and where does explain to humble is
that when you go to carpets like there's
so much happening and so like because
I'm sick and I also took medicine and
didn't eat that much like I've already
not feeling 102 go on to a copper was
like there's screaming there's so many
people like the opposite of fun notice I
have a little fun but there the law book
reports one I'm not nursing but there's
the exact opposite of calm okay like its
not kamek
there's just so many people so much
going on so I was already feeling a
little bit anxious then I was like so
like I was a little bit out of it and
then I was talking to Duane and then
after I was stressing for the whole
movie being like today's he's something
wrong - Duane did I know I've danced did
I do this every single time every single
time with him or Selina if I talk to
them the next five hours so the next
like week I'll be like the door
I say something wrong after 10 you let's
pretend you're doing okay 10 on Louie so
you guys remember like in the movie the
hole in the kiss in the head and she'll
excited this is not really is now around
now not the first time we're now
hello doing it that's not what I do
first of all we hug and kiss why you
notice I act calm radical okay
admittedly the guys go first I don't
know I'm just calm around on my game a
what's up how are you I'll do that to
him I won't be like I want to freak out
every time he that can be a little bit
like hey huh well I mean I told him I
stalk him that element of music
he's like I'm Makenna in a long day's
hyoma cuz I stalk you that's exactly how
I said it do a little bit but I always
like I just I don't want a beast because
especially those environments like
everyone is in his face I don't want to
add no I think he's used to you now is
very attachment yes well Frank is very
casual but I was oh I am so feeling very
anxious I don't know why now I'm
thinking that maybe because I haven't
eaten and I took medicine and my
incisors like that can yeah so the trend
maybe thing I sell to make a video as
well these longings going on but the
movie was damn good Dwayne did so well
in it friggin amazing you need to see
when it comes out Moana 6 stars 6 was
only allowed five do I think it's
November 23rd I'm pretty sure but yeah
so I have no idea where my licenses
which annoys me and I'm irritated at
myself cuz my room I lost my wrists slit
and then humble founded in the thing and
I was like oh we take so much care I
don't like individual license card is
missing which is strange because it
should be in my wristlet but it's not so
now I'm thinking did I leave it in a
pocket but there does make any sense
aligned ever just individually take my
license my license on my credit card but
I have my credit card so no I don't know
also why do I have so much anxiety I've
just come to terms what we'll talk about
later on the toilet
but I need to be okay with my emotions
sometimes we just feel these feel things
on certain days I think I just felt
annoyed because I was like I'm as from
your Duane's your everything is great I
felt so happy but I think I'm just like
I have anxiety and I don't know why I
don't know why like I felt like I wasn't
have a budget panic attack walking on a
I have no idea why and I can't get into
of my emotions
hello pink bra how are you license are
you here
mmm we're gonna be more positive right
now but it's okay if we're not because
you've been tuned with your emotions
however they are I'm gonna make a video
I might as well my makeup done oh and
then we're gonna go from there you know
what I love about my stylist she
continuously puts me in outfits that
don't require a bra and so I never wear
a bra extra nipple covers and it's great
I don't keep going on about this feeling
I'm having but I don't know what to do
about it I literally can't focus on
anything else I have such bad anxiety if
I have the feeling of like you know that
feeling you have when you think
something Bad's gonna happen that's what
I have but it's so intense and like I
can't like get rid of it so yo yo yo I
wanted to be singing my midnight but now
it's 1:16 a.m. I recorded the video I'm
editing right now I think it's a video
really really good mic it's not the skit
I wrote a couple days ago cuz I was too
sick to record in the last two days but
um it's called four reasons my viewers
are the best so it's about you and it's
fun video and I made it I hope you enjoy
it and I can't wait to go to sleep
because admittedly uh I'm so jittery
still but we're gonna edit finish
editing by Druid power through it you
can do it all all right so the video is
out the time is 218 she's not that bad
myself to wash my face cuz there's a lot
of makeup on my face and if I go over my
sides for my addition tomorrow it can't
be that I'm just nervous about my
audition I've done many additions - it's
been a while since I've done one I don't
think I think I'm actually experiencing
anxiety I don't know why and I feel for
everyone that experiences anxiety
regularly because it is a real thing and
I haven't even like eaten this now I
know something's wrong when we're in the
theater the popcorn was free
I ate almost none of it it was on my lap
and I was like even just now I like made
myself some dinner and am I made I mean
like warmed up some food and I barely
ate it I don't know around me but I'm
gonna stop complaining about it and stop
talking about it and wash my face and go
to sleep and hopefully I wake up
tomorrow with a renewed sense of purpose
and less anxiety
let's go do that so except with Lily I'm
actually just decided to end the vlog
right now so that I can kind of meditate
and be by myself and stuff this was a
weird vlog I'm sorry I felt like I
talked about the same thing first I was
sick in the morning and I was sweating
in a hot mess and then I had anxiety for
the rest of the day and it that's stupid
because I went to an amazing event saw
an amazing movie with one of my favorite
people on the planet who I'm lucky
enough to call my friend and I have so
much to be grateful for and I feel
ungrateful feeling anything except for
pure bliss because of that but uh I
don't know if something's wrong I don't
know what it is and that's weird because
usually I can like talk myself talk to
myself and figure it out but it's okay
if I'm not able to today and it might
just genuinely be like I don't know some
today chemical imbalance for me that's
not allowing it to happen but tomorrow's
a new day and it's fine and I'm going to
wake up I have an audition that I have a
meeting and have another meeting and
then I'm going to Bridget's concert
which is very exciting so that's gonna
happen um but for now I'm gonna go untie
the knots in my stomach and the jitter
is in me and go to sleep
thank you so much for joining me on
today I hope you had a lovely day and I
apologize again if any part of this vlog
was super repetitive and you're like yo
shut the F up we get it you have anxiety
but I don't know I was like I don't know
uh it's like a feeling I'm not really
the closest thing I can relate to this
is like when I was like depressed which
I don't feel but I feel some similar
something I'm hoping it's just a
combination of the meds I took with like
the energy drink I drink and it's like a
bad combo or something but if you liked
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
let me so much if you like subscribe we
are aboard we are not bored I am on a
boat and I am saving Whitney more damn
and miss a big fat fish falling from the
sky and I can towards something dry
one seven things up oh my god you guys
are fighting in the back of my vlog
please oxidize new motor note to self
add nice music in the background
