so everybody
good morning good afternoon it is a 12 I
had to my dentist appointment I burnt
the top of my mouth on pizza and ow it
hurts
ah bangle boys back in the day way back
playback why do I keep putting the same
shirt every day because that's why is
that's what I does because so many times
I Pedrosa for red carpets and then I
gotta like look nice and every other day
I'm like yo more the same sure you mean
also like all my other clothes they're
in the suitcase and then if you wash and
and next thing all my clothes are so
wrinkly because they're so jam-packed in
my closet and my ironing board is
covered in crap so really my room is
just becoming like my old Toronto room
and I keep telling myself it's okay
because I want to move the really long
version of me saying it's gonna be a
great day we're got two cars wait turn
your light off something really amazing
a very productive day I'm not going to
any party unless my video is absolutely
what I want it to be the time is one two
three four all so I thought I'd put that
result um
let's be productive let's see positive
let's be a light happy Halloween also
forgot about that
happy Halloween hmm one thing I like
more Siddhanta stability Park in the
back and just come in through the back
entrance like I run the place now that I
run the place but like I work here
essentially I hope so bad these new
Invisalign faked you know I really just
want straight teeth for many reasons one
because like straight cheese hello but
awesome because I want to get a growl
come on right you know hello my doctor's
always like mad hot she always looks so
hot all the time oh my God look how good
this bit I'm wearing it right now
my last pair was like not even close to
fitting but he spent so well hell yeah
one step closer to my grill and you see
to wear cargo pants every day I'm always
carrying so much stuff but since to my
case I refused to carry purse um I am so
excited about this like I told her I'm
like I just wanna get gross she's like
who's making your girls my god i'll find
someone she's like you know I'm a girl
isn't like course she would
yeah fabulous woman we're heading back
now that is gonna go ahead go through a
whole bunch of emails got to make my
video everyone keeps messaging me about
this party I'm not everyone like here
like one person and I'm like only if my
video gets done that is my priority I
feel so bad for not making video last
week and just I've done way too many
leisure things and not Alisha things are
bad leisure things are great like you
and you get on the grind I think there's
a few things going on in my life that
have kind of discouraged me nothing
major that you should be worried about
we're just things were my cohorts the
point what and that's not really like me
so Kay to have those moments but get
snap out of it and I'm officially
snapping out of it now for Shep Drakkar
SH are writing my laundry's in the
washing machine my tent is still over
there I'm having to post lunch Sleepy's
but I'm not gonna cave because we have
work to do we will fight them fight them
you will saw what so what you saying I
totally forgot to vlog I was just
completely in this guy's costume but I'm
transforming to Manjeet now the video
idea have the skit it's fun it's called
um Halloween in the friend zone and I'm
a little bit of a time crunch because
there's a few things we want to do
tonight that would require me to finish
this video quickly so I'm gonna get to
it happy Diwali everybody happy Holi
Halloween yeah Halla happy Halloween
hello everybody I always talk to someone
no one's over there never you know my
videos never never it's not even someone
pretending to be never hello having lied
hello alright so I just finished
shooting good old humble poet help me
shoot some of them some the shots and
now I'm going to edit as fast as I can
but with love and care because I
actually do like this video and then I
find things that happened not us coming
over and how not as really short right
we're gonna see if humble and I can act
like not as parents and go
trick-or-treating with her and we're
gonna see if we actually get candy if I
had a dollar for every time not I tried
to sneak into my house
me knowing I'd have so many dollars I
can sense her aura from a mile away are
you Oh should I am I'm vlogging are you
inappropriate right now okay
these like a normal occurrence or I'm
like nada that you were just like I'm
like why don't you I can sense you
I literally can this is terrifying
this is absolutely terrifying why do I
go I'm removing them where are you
supposed to be looking from I don't know
but I don't understand what people say
inside of this for very long
can you see no this is for the gram
right here those guys move the gram
right here oh hi it's really hot in here
but look Holly is in sisse do what I
really think I don't think is a costume
they have these at VidCon lanear
somebody like Ashley wore this for at
least 17 hours this is no this is not a
costume this is us what's gonna happen
is I finished my video and now us two
parents are gonna take our daughter to
work trick-or-treating in her costume to
get candy so we literally we got married
in our 20s yeah I was like I need to put
out some old person's clothes within
like wait I'm 28 and I very well could
have kids right now is these cure
clothes so this is like this is like my
own you know right before my bedtime I
took fine I took my little girl out I'm
always like I can out of it I tried I
tried so hard not to be but it's you
know wearing ripped jeans look the one
khaki okay cuz all looks obviously
because one of us doesn't work oh so you
have to be the dad that's gonna vlog and
make it seem like it's your baby's first
Halloween or something like that kay now
I'm gonna be the very supportive mother
Smoochum Eric yeah you're gonna be the
whole like come on say it and then I
want to be like the come on lotta get
the caddy or do you say you say thank
you
yeah get good good okay but how about
make it you better produce again dudes
this funny game let me know baby size
bar for each I didn't upload we got this
you ready I'm ready
family meeting but one two three cuz I
do the straight line so hard don't worry
maybe if you set your eyes straight then
you can see what you're going all right
we're gonna go to the left here
sweetheart
the more mommy told you the pair wasn't
a good idea no no I promise we're not
really so is it right here at the door
you like dogs
you wanted to be a giant pair switching
the whole bed oh my got your favorite
night uh-huh what no twigs thank you
thank you so much don't think anything
no no baby did you look aside the pasta
your finish mark do you like Snickers
hell later on
no do you see my house so far they only
gave two miniatures I mean part of me
wishes we started earlier I'm letting
okay well maybe take it off for a couple
things
that's a giant pair like we did a spring
colors well now free BRE advance okay
how do I get a tip not a sweetie over
the face
where you say not up yummy I'm gonna hey
dad got the bug we got the bed okay you
want to try to hold the bag okay
daddy come on we're gonna lay down hi
nada what do you say okay don't take the
step sweetheart
oh we got the last one nada yeah I love
your costume
trying to be a giant pair she said thank
you trick or treaters have your way Nang
kiaelise what's up that family effort
this one
Thank You Danny what happened yeah what
happened
Pat earlier unicorn squad here and full
force
you know you know comfort squad I've so
many wedgies we are headed to quest
cruise party but we've heard from many
sources that it's and I quote pact
that's not environment I'm especially
excited to be in but we're gonna go
check it out and we're in a vibe at all
we're gonna dance a little bit shake my
unicorn channel little bit good thing is
the first time pummels wearing a onesie
I've tried to convince into her onesie
many times before I just never realized
what I was missing out on this is like
the softest thing ever
uh-huh I like dope uh-huh and why do we
learn from this always listen to Lily
always yeah yeah yeah yeah um so we're
headed there we're gonna we're gonna
Bible the situation make some decisions
really gonna party the night away or
gonna go home and watch Halloween movies
any wants popcorn Halloween happening
regardless that's true that's happening
around us true
know what I feel Reverend Michael smokes
that Lawrence has that community newsboy
Mike what are you liking with this oh
yeah what's up J oh my god have it from
the ball pit yet and I'm so damn excited
longer oh oh my god goals mother-effing
goal go
Oh God
to be honest my ruin hair and lifted me
with one arm into this lay down you
don't already I think I'm saying a thing
to my shoe Oh Alex amazing
are you ready oh my god this dummy's
here I can't even move it do not you
know what they did I do
probably awesome this weekend we go
deeper we do I know I'm a space for this
oh my god so cute Oh usual yo-yo back
home uh complaining I'm so tired we've
been sitting here talking for an hour
about makeup wipes but ball pits good
gender equality no gender roles shifting
just about everything now what if I'm
day would have fun turn of events I got
my video done which I'm very happy about
and I think I make a really hot guy come
on I'm a good guy right I know I was
messin uh and it's amazing to show the
squad but I'm gonna go to bed tomorrow
it's not much of a packed day actually I
don't have oh I got some work that my
garden remember the other day well I
don't have any deadlines I stood up tall
I did have deadlines so I gotta do that
tomorrow and when I work and the next
day next morning I believe I'm headed to
Vancouver but we day and then I'm headed
to Toronto then I'm headed to Spain with
my mom and dad so I want to plan that
out tomorrow as well
that's what we're gonna do I'm gonna
head to the toilet
hello my name is Lily and I never
learned my damn lesson oh my god tiny
talk with Lily
okay baby unicorn I am going to wash my
face I'm not going to sit with my makeup
on I had a very productive day went
through all my emails made a video I've
only done I don't the dentist you put my
Invisalign back in went to the dentist
and didn't good I had a good time and we
little bit now I hope you had a great
day thanks for joining me on my day I
know my days are crazy sometimes and
boring sometimes and complaining
sometimes and weird sometimes and loud
sometimes but you're always here just
enjoying them with me and I appreciate
that I will try to get in with you too
you want to check out my new video is
called Halloween in the friend zone
the link to my main channel is in the
description so check that out and you
can't blow on that video being like the
second blow channel sent me if you know
what's up oh if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe when you can't
decide a costume it's also Diwali one
day Jordy was
do fata Terenure and Lolly upgradable
yes
you know that they're producing I didn't
put that GI told us now
