I'm a galaxy
good afternoon I have this thing where
humble is just a better person than me
because humble continuously wakes up
earlier than me we're gonna do the same
time you gonna see later than me I just
need more sleep and it lowers my
self-esteem every single day my old man
took a routine no it's just I every day
I'm like how did he get up how hot water
any more sleep it makes me feel about
every single day lo behold today is no
exception he woke up early and made me
an omelet damnit humble nothing has
changed much as tend to still here the
place is still disaster we cleaned up
with that we have to Napa kind of kind
of sort of maybe but really change that
you know you're moving you're like 100%
I won't do anything I was like yo why do
I have to wash my makeup moving
everything everything everything
um we're gonna go for like the third day
to Road we're gonna try to figure out
Halloween costumes we gotta go to
Halloween there's two island party
tonight I'm the Gregorian either but
there's one tomorrow if we had a cat
maybe we gotta figure out and we're both
so picky is the thing we both don't care
but for some reason a fight yes and we
also want to try to have like a duo's
caution yeah we were trying but I'm
willing to like let that go because it
is just more difficult because your
beard so if you think with sick costume
I am willing to get that rejection just
prove out there um that makes up for the
omelet anyways we're gonna go do that
and then I'm meeting with Kyle in a
little bit and then I need to clean my
room and I don't know what is I don't
touch this do I still feel like messy
even though it's not that messy down
maybe it's this air maybe it's all this
yeah well I don't know when this
happened I wasn't here when I left
yeah I came back to go declutter a
little bit okay great before but do you
feel messy here definitely I feel like
everything just moved up maybe cuz
attend here the tent I think the world
could attend be we'll get back to this
conversation we're gonna go home because
you're covering why would I need to cost
you for that so so far we spend more
time looking for parking at a store that
ended up being a two minute walk from
where we're living so things can only go
up from here
what was experiences I was really into
that oh the store was a Miss all right
it was in disarray it had a lot of
anxiety hung on the walls there wasn't
many options in terms of costumes
um and whose fault is this 100% ours yes
100% I've made videos about these people
I go Christmas like I do the last my
head oh yeah it's the day before
Halloween in trying to get a costume
words to a part so now we're gonna have
to reevaluate our strategy to get a
costume
all right so headdress third and last
place the options so far we have our two
different versions of Johnny Depp where
she would be Jack Sparrow not be the Mad
Hatter or those pop art people you know
like the pop art cartoon what I assume
you psyched about either I don't think
what we know is we want everything we
don't want to put too much effort we
don't as much everybody but we want the
best cause you know we're gonna party or
people gonna put in that 410 Steinway
yeah I've also never experienced
Halloween in LA
actually I have us live but not like at
a party right I don't know how people
are sighs everyone's gonna be really
sexy
I think everyone's gonna be quite
liberal yeah with the whip their skin
the females at least probably men do
evil yeah yeah see when you can't decide
a costume and it's also Diwali
one day Geordi was to put a Terran or AA
la llev√≥ upgrade yes
you know those repetition I didn't put
that TI told us now
very true Indian when you just like
onions whatever you need
we ever turned home several hours later
with no costumes and one less friendship
one has friendship but I'm not gonna say
anything it's fine I just don't have a
costume he doesn't have costume I no
longer care and I can't believe I've
spent this much time
there's many hours caring about this
when I have work to do so that's that's
the conclusion is that there's no
costume and I'm just gonna wear a onesie
I don't even know why I didn't do that
the first play the mean where would you
record ones let's go see what we have
upstairs and that's why you know usually
humble will be shouting in the
background so there's no shouting
happening because he's where it says
fault right now Sonny just on Amana
haven't done this in so long also a
little bit chilly also with my evolving
turn off right here I have stuff for the
new house to light candles into instance
because my mommy said the Hangout soon
but first gonna try to watch Walking
Dead what a leisure day look at us act
like we got work to do it's okay I'd
actually don't have that much work to do
I do but like not anything time like
pressing for time but I said watch the
dishes the problems humble I would do
that because uh yeah I just you know I
have nothing to say I just want to vlog
because I missed you on stuff that's all
how cool does this look pretty cool I'm
going to head to the new house to light
some candles Thank You Molly
happy Holi new mushroom bless us with
much light in weight loss after good you
potable value kitchen
that's the wrong lessons this is all
lessons in hands
this is our lesson oh yes that see here
maybe not
all my toilet there's some some lessons
yes I found this a little small that
means I love you mess with your the
Gestapo chums laundry let there be light
s washroom
I believe Ally will get you a shower
curtain I promise hey my room listen
though this is my home yes they just
don't look a school everything doesn't
mean food oh you know bless you're
walking above them this is listen to
Russian closet
you're making my permission is going to
be that everyone dresses house will be
friend great ideas will flourish here
good meals will be in here with good
people and for the positive energy and
light and no negative vibes and sugary
negative vibes they will be handled with
the utmost positivity they will be
thrown into the ball pit what up what up
which sets of pizza and I burn the top
of my mouth it's one of those things
every single time when I eat pizza like
it's hot
don't do it it's hot in their burrows
every single time does Lily um just been
watching two episodes of Westworld it
kind of lost me I did I'm not that into
it like at first the first episodes ago
we cool saying some cool second episode
cool but I was like nah not really for
me so I think I'm gonna give up on that
one rather go to bed tomorrow is super
Monday we are making a video for sure
her chisel first yourself if I don't
make a video I'm not going to the party
suppose that I have no excuses so party
although a dentist appointment and we
have my new thing of am is line so that
would be good and that's going on and I
might have a costume I'm gonna either go
as Lil Wayne if I so bad cuz all you
were tweeting beam I can't wait to see
what Susie and humble are gonna be
nothing the answer is nothing I mean put
a fire unicorn Wednesday or I'm gonna
turn myself into little way and that's
always my default backup option but
thanks for joining me on today I hope
you had a great day and tomorrow a lot
sobered tomorrow the continues oh if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
now Yankovic
what
Oh
