there's no place like home there's no
place like home
my apartment looks like Wizard of Oz
like there's a tent just it's just so
much personality it is not that late
kind of like it's 11:40 I'm very proud
of that I have to head to the new house
right now because the contractor is
coming and we're going to get some new
lights installed going to change
showerhead going to do a few little
tweaks we need to do after that I have a
shoot later on today to finish the rest
of the victorious Victoria Justice Club
I also might go to a comedy event more
than anything my stomach feels a bit
upset not only is the moment period but
I ate like crap yesterday today g20 like
solid and drink water that's what I
would like to do so we're gonna try to
just cleanse a little bit today clean up
the place the place is a mess except for
this one table over here so one table
over here is everything else is a
disaster but that's what crack-a-lackin'
even humble slept in today did you wake
up like three hours ago and then go back
to sleep okay that's I thought I saw
your Instagram look lag okay I got this
oh what's that oh what a clean car oh my
god how is it score so clean except for
the spa right there how does this course
oh oh yeah you know I just I just have
my clean person I just keep it clean you
know I'm saying I'm gonna are trying to
figure out some Halloween costume ideas
that we can couple possibly be that
complement each other you know I thought
maybe Khaleesi called Rosa like that
positive honest yes I also want to spend
a million dollars right to like that's
what I'm gonna do because I get really
in doubt in Wonderland one of those
people that like wants to look good but
I'm also very last minute so the issues
we have to find see so it's not his
scratching his head today it's it's I
told him below when he talked sirs and
cami has these nervous twitches that's
all of them and that's the other one you
know but we need to find a costume that
complements having a beard that's what's
that for me obviously just finished
hanging out the contractor gonna get a
lot of cool lights and what else we
gonna get surround sound also on the
roof because I was like you'll be like
up Lou gonna complain he's like yo
everyone who's mad chill they all
hospitals on
they all have parties I'm like okay we
good good good times come on don't seem
very enthusiastic about it enthusiastic
with it I don't have vision either when
they talk about stuff I don't ya know
I'm not that great at interior I like I
think I hire someone to the lily pad I
did but this room just this house is a
little bit too much too many areas where
I wouldn't know like I don't know what
to do with the roof I don't know what to
do the office and it seems a lot I'd
like the lily pad took me forever to
figure out that was like relatively
small compared to this by this is lily
pad 2.0 we out here are you playing with
the shirt now and I think the shirt oh
yeah true
all right leggo at awkward moment when
we're gonna shoot at your house and less
than an hour and this house looks like
and you don't realize the true God move
because you're a waste you and I have to
wash take a shower and watch about to
you and while the bridge in regen bridge
in Virginia and we finish doing those
extra scenes look what is look at this
fresh haircut they'll come on
okay okay is it for me you know we're
going on a date tonight
I know did you decide you're about this
life now yeah okay that's what I do I'm
like a spatula I slipped people anyways
um we ordered Chipotle and now we're
gonna eat and then we have some
cognitive to go to and this is
crack-a-lackin' and we clean the
apartment and I took a shower
I'm an adult - everything else is
happening in my life I'm gonna dolt
some people never learn their lesson if
you remember this last time this
scenario played out in my apartment I'm
redeeming myself at them you must cut
her finger off and she's doing the exact
same thing again cutting it the exact
same ways and exact same nice to have
scars but my nails look ugly so yeah it
doesn't look good at all did he look at
her food Gant eyes in English I feel
like Ellie doesn't have good watermelon
or mangoes correct yes I did agree
really mango young although street
vendors on the side
yeah that's true hey humble I think
you're sure it's ripped humble hey
humble hey humble I think you're sure
it's ripped elbow done zoom I'm looking
very handsome am i looking very handsome
today leave a comment thank you
homeland I just had a minor fight we did
not have a minor play I made a joke can
you sleep a few take good take not like
the teacher not allowed I can take a
joke day no I am doing a job I had to
put my suitcase in his room and he made
a comment about it that my suitcase was
in his room Oh that'd be one yeah what
do you mean that is ever happen she
moved her suitcase into my room so she
do a shoot this should happen like
yesterday oh my god a finish like an
hour again she went into my room grab
one piece of clothing from the through
games and left that made a joke that she
was able to do that but I think the
suitcase I got that face I got that face
that's the face I got it this is a this
is a chip for you he shines red just
like my heart because my suitcase can't
be wherever I wanted to be in my own
home
whatever
Yankovic
Oh
for the past 17 hours we've been
deciding what to be for Halloween and
we're yet to decide anything that's the
more of a story
we're defeated humbled is gonna call you
mine I lost my celebrated Halloween just
scheduling was so I can just miss this
one too
I'm already ready for no-shave November
so let's just jump ahead anyways um you
have to doesn't was eleven you need to
be me you know that you're such you so
me mobile get out of the frame so you
can meet him properly
my eyes look blue Oh God
Hey happy Diwali it's past 12:00 and it
is Diwali my mom told me today I have to
go the new house and I have to light
candles and a girl but these what so
English word for that incense um so
that's we're going to wear winter lights
and candles right now that is Diwali if
you don't know well is the festival of
light and you are one of the biggest
nights of my life
happy Diwali
I'm gonna read some of the best comments
for mr. E's mug out loud right now okay
there's a few of them hold on hey
obviously who's the guy she's always
with that's always there dad good I'm
gonna eat here the guy pop the other guy
this is the best one hold on oh what a
girl her does humble live with Lily
my name is Beltran humble do you live
with me I never answer isn't live with
me just stay there all the time I'm a
nomad you know we're know this is the
best one I ready yeah I'm ready
am I the only one that digs nada and
Lily have a secret relationship oh
really
they have to be dating by this I confirm
I am flattered by that chip everything
that's hilarious
that's really good um mate oh my
god what should be what can it be nilly
mala no vanilla vanilla Haley yeah Lily
in the head and le we gotta find some of
the good ones hold on standby so funny
that humble doesn't watch your vlogs
actually I'm not sure what he does but I
liked that that's what I do I'd be
likeable there's a good one here's ago -
I think Lily spelled wrong it's super
funny sometimes and I enjoy her vlogs
most of the time but god she can be so
extra sometimes I have to click out
that's how was written in those capitals
as well unsubscribe oh my god oh my god
literally in every column my name is
felt wrong every cover with Li l ly
oh my god does this initiation that so
many new people are joining the family
that that's true even that's a great
silver lining you know even though every
single song I've ever created has felt
my name it's all good
well you should always
sure and rewatch IV i v-i with Lilly
Singh and this guy so for the people who
don't know what I do watch IV i v-i I
still believe when I'm not with you I
lose my mind my momma what tomorrow is
Walking Dead we're trying to orchestrate
the ways we can watch it cuz we're on
cable um so trying to figure it out
it's either Kyle house my mom's cable
cop Todd Leigh I didn't know what I've
logged today I think this was such a
disoriented vlog um yeah I know cuz I
wanted comedy show and we couldn't I
couldn't leave logged there because it
was like people stand up and stuff and
so I want to vlog so that's a big chunk
of my day that I couldn't vlog but
otherwise I'm I go to bed I'm such a
like idiot anytime I want to wash my
face which I didn't do last night either
I just put that towel on my white pillow
okay so it doesn't get all over it and
come with you again I'm just so tired
but I reread hey copy food again today I
need to start eating better and drinking
more water I keep saying this but my
body's like shutting down be like you
stop being horrible to us man I don't
know but I hope you had a great day take
Eugenia my day it is Saturday tomorrow
Sunday tomorrow he thinks I have our
Walking Dead um and I have meetings Kyle
and all stuff to do there's something
else I had to do I don't remember I
think was something work-related which I
should remember oh we gotta get costumes
it's not really work elated but yeah we
are struggling to think of costumes you
got any suggestions please like combo
must know but in that helping of
terrific day and thank you for dreaming
entry and tomorrow we will hang out
again if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe it's finally happening
monumental moment many vlogs in the
making here we go yester cars take a
back view
look at all this dirt coming up right
here yeah I mean I mean come on yes come
on
right there that's what we talked about
hey hey bullet bullet gunshot a rebuttal
dope in my tour me get my body clean
right now with me so many Umbria carats
Mahindra carats I'm a car and I am dirty
now me getting soaking degree soap so
now look at this hope right now look at
these soap soap now look at this hope
right now rub my belly so clean I rub my
belly so clean yeah I'm taking showers
so is a long time coming I was so
excited this has made my day
this is made my day
