when I'm up gun
again I don't know cracks that Adi okay
so what time is that it's time for me to
leave for a meeting I have a meeting
those are nice socks there's so much I
just stop everything I was saying your
comment on them I stole them from where
for a while as kgs used my p.o box for
her like people sent her clothes and
stuff and I opened it I found a bunch of
socks that just took him alright then I
go to my meeting and later on I'm hoping
the contractors free to come to a new
place so I get some lights and stuff and
and talk with all the stuff that my new
place today is Friday I'm feeling a lot
better from yesterday I feel positive I
feel positive energies I want to go to
my meeting go to the contractor we got
to figure out Halloween costumes because
we're inviting we've been I've actually
haven't been invited but I haven't been
invited but all my friends have been
invited you can be my plus-one so Dom
dietrichson has not texted and less
again it's those audio notes that I
didn't check that he said me but we're
going to this party we different
Halloween costumes and I mean I'd like
to threesome that song I was working
with my book layout like the design work
of it had a lot of emails to go through
that we decided today that we're gonna
watch Westworld because we've heard a
lot of things about it yes
also we're matching plaid for plaid but
you wear this every day so I guess that
does
such a nice day outside it is sunny and
beautiful and wonderful today I am
deciding my car is so damn dirty I am
deciding no matter what no matter what
my car is getting washed it because it
is filthy
it doesn't even look black anymore I
can't even see completely clearly I
can't see out the windshield ring
exaggerating but the point is and your
cars is getting a bath today we're gonna
search all about I don't get how to
drive back to Toronto we're getting the
car wash today that's what's happened
that's what Papa knocking here we go
tell everybody hey it's finally
happening
monumental moment many vlogs in the
making here we go yes your cars take a
back baby look at all this dirt coming
off right here yeah I mean I mean come
on yes come on right there that's what
we talked about
hey bullet bullet gunshot hey Robo dog
dog in my toe me get my bocce clean
right now with me so many umbria carries
Mahindra Harris I'm a car and I am dirty
now me kitchen so okie dokie so so now
look at this hope right now look at
these soap soap now look at this hope
right now rub my belly so clean up my
buddies okay yeah I'm taking showers so
I this is a long time coming I was so
excited this is make my day this is made
my day
yes mmm that's oh yeah oh yeah there we
go
here we go and this time I practice I
knew exactly how to put my car in
neutral I knew how to turn off my
windshield wipers even the first time I
took your car back it was chaotic
practiced and I learned problem-solving
that's what's up
yeah but uh what I load up at several
hours later I don't remember what I've
logged prior to this but um Kyle come
over for a bit not us here we're having
family dinner watch boat lay the measure
crack-a-lackin' I got a kiss now
obviously kids knew um and we're bout to
eat this fish I got a lot of work done
not all but a lot
I don't think possibly get all the work
done but a lot a lot um looked into
ordering my hot tub for the place I need
to go to place again actually let's make
a list for my contractor to mine and go
to con I didn't content come today you
want to come tomorrow
I'm gonna do it that tomorrow Nash
what's going on now we're gonna do some
leisure thing you know why cuz it's
Friday and we crazy because whatever we
want so you guys just like watch a movie
or hey cool you know you have a problem
one this is the collection of you
pulling at the gym this is not even all
the napkins we have we have more in the
door this week this week we I pride
myself in keeping napkins and sauces I'm
not about that white old I step away I
keep it the Indian ways Red John the
Indian Way is I never need to buy
napkins again or straws or forks so I
keep I notice at the beginning of every
vlog I say I'm gonna do stuff and then
only half of gets done because I'm not
going to target now the contractor
things are happening today instead we're
gonna set up a tent so we're starting
with and I'm thinking we moved this set
up a tent
we're gonna watch West world cuz that
one keeps talking about it you're
watching TV what the thing is this this
is gonna be good at the bottom of the
10th row sitting on the floor okay I'm
trying to pretend to be food like no
listen we'll build it
we'll make a decision
yeah I feel yeah I think this is a ton
spot let's set it up
watch West world because I think he's
going on butter from those three
episodes when do the damn thing
yeah I mean yeah I mean I got a I got a
poof soon so I'm gonna do that first
oh that was surprisingly easy it took
two seconds
well we have extra polls and we don't
know where they go yeah what is it BAM
insulter
are you for the awning no no awnings
nothing really why what
Betty that's whatever yeah this is
surprisingly good every okay well then
oh my god I was excited yes the carpet
was a good call this is the best
decision we've made what's this I've got
a little thing for phones and stuff my
well that's will be the time or area
papa
tick-tock with Lily they're really cool
I like it
join me in the tent join me in the dead
humble doing us where there's more than
enough space in the giant guy yeah for
sex
oh I think the thing about decisions
you've made
I forgot there was attentively has
removed the tab what is my life and what
is this apartment what is happening just
I don't even know we watched first
episodes of Westworld it's pretty dope
yo the dope concept is deep is deep dawg
it's really you fell asleep not a fellow
I'm really tired in the - I've no reason
to be tired I didn't wake up literally
but we got to wake up tomorrow go to the
house contractors coming I know I've
said that every day for the past 17
years but it's not happened well then I
gotta shoot some stuff remember when I
did cloud with Victoria justice and he
should be getting part of that and then
after Kyle and I are telling humble I
had to go to some commie thing but we
got to see what the situation is
so our Silverman is performing there and
I do love so we gotta figure what the
stitch is but I think right now we're
all pretty tired right now streaming I'm
gonna pretend this is the toilet to let
everyone can join toilet talk with Lily
giant up with Lele okay so the point was
two guys joined by the talker have the
most had was Debbie downing friends ever
- ever - her tank look at the
positioning my pocket okay yeah you do
do enjoy the target just talk on toilet
never would you know what I was if I'm
here I don't want the boys cuz I Brody
look I've been doing toilet talk for
like three months now and if I'm not
here and watch the vlog for the fo teach
you to watch my vlogs is what I've got
live in this crazy oh I get bits and
pieces for tweeting Shh
thank you for joining me out today I
appreciate it I hope you had a great day
and this because my circulation is
thumping good engine if you like it
subscribe you like is this good if you
like it subscribe ah this is
so good like I don't I don't like this
so good left
Oh
not a dope is so good this is not a
drill
you guys kind of
these people are wizards
like hurts me
