Ryback wait fog say ribbit right from
the green correct
what up it is the afternoon I just
finished a call acts are very productive
morning and doubles a lot of really
great things none of which I can tell
you about but I need to wash my hair
today's all dedicate to the book we're
gonna lock ourselves upstairs right now
there's out of door I can't love myself
but I'm gonna lock myself upstairs work
on the book we're reviewing the edited
manuscript and it is due tonight tonight
being tomorrow morning cuz I'm a save
all night and do it ah you know and
yesterday in case you missed it we hit
10 million subscribers and I don't know
if I actually blogged it but if you
recall on my birthday I was actually
given the play button it's in plastic
wrap right now but there it is as heavy
as hell
this blue super Koopa so we're
continuing celebrations on that I'm
sweating it is so hot I also this humble
boy I think it's you who got you what oh
I believe candy got it for me I think
unless I'm confused I'm sorry Candy's a
unicorn man I don't know we're gonna do
some work but first I need to like brush
and like get a shower and like be a
little bit more adults and stuff quit I
put up I love the way these blooms look
they look so freaking cool it's like
they were made for my apartment to be
exactly there it's very cool the time is
almost 6 p.m. I'm killing the day I'm
being so much work done I love the
feeling bring back in California look at
this sunshine they're not a sunshine my
lecture Cebu is gonna be 0 and I feel
about that cuz I'm cheap I love it and
guess what worked at a humble was
upstairs getting work done it's a great
environment mr. dog and now I'm gonna go
poop everything's going great the bowel
movements are just on point
work ethic sound boy everything's like
great okay so I just tripped the FO
because I was walking by and I was like
looked outside I'm like is there two Sun
so this very unique situations happening
where my window is reflecting that
windows all looks like there's two suns
so there's a Sun right there
but it's reflecting the actual Sun
that's over there and I'm getting light
from both of them like Sun number one
and then son number two that's crazy is
the crane is even being reflected
I feel like this is a very weird smell
is there is it but it's not look see
look son but it's not there oh my god we
are in the matrix we are in the matrix
do you think every time at this time
we'll be doubles on fun double Sun fun
oh my what time is it 6:00 p.m. we shall
check literally putting in my account
double Sun fun never trip you guys out
that everybody you've ever known and
everybody watching this feels the same
Sun everything was like every word only
that same song that's the same one
people are watching isn't like South
Africa and watching it in India and
watching it a Singapore they're feeling
the same Sun that we spill that Alicia's
meal or is it we are in the matrix now
oh look it did
oh hi put this out to take a picture
with the double sign of fun I can't
trust you how heavy this is
I like this thing I've ever experienced
yeah you know like let me let me take an
epoch imposing average literal one are
we try and you'll see from my arm like
what if I can use extreme we have this
real I have no idea wasn't either
titanium it's made out of the masses oh
there you go triple 35 baht mine
followed by my blue I'm on page 198 of
273 I'm very very happy it's going great
making a lot of notes reading a lot of
chapters I think I think the book is
good through some chapters that I want
to spice up a little bit because I'm
like man this could be stronger but some
of them like reading them again after so
long I'm like it was really good you
already like this so it's dope and I
read pretty few more chapters and then
I'm gonna go wash my hair because it's
really tangled the t's day yesterday a
little bit of a hot mess that's going
over Alva what are you working on I'm
doing a research for inspiration of my
fav one of my field
youtubers who is Island abort abort ah
yeah Google blood School of Life hmm I
just saw one of his videos or something
which was what is called this one is
called why we and how not we met
him in Italy he's really cool and really
smart super cool yeah yeah so I watch a
lot of his stuff and try to get my
juices flowing for ideas well I can read
a book
black black black I mean after that you
know else's dope broke I like superwoman
yo Irish burrito boom ah supe yeah yeah
sure a comment on my hair
this is comb not comb I kind of dig this
vibe just like dready look it's I didn't
read it but just looks like the way they
styled it was like I guess cuz I got wet
also looks like dreads looks dope and
also feels like very out of my way as
you can see this is very in my way then
cool I don't think I've ever seen my
hair do this very cool when your eyes
matches how well they look way better in
person do a libretto right now cuz the
rude hey it's 12:50 a.m. I am done going
through the manuscript and now I'm
debating to walk down the street to
Kinkos 24-hour printing place and print
all 275 pages of it so I can like read
through it and double check because
there's some like exercises and stuff
that I still want to kind of tweak and
want a little reader from beginning to
end
um that's from thinking to do by now
hopefully humble come with me
mundo anything it food one part of my
book required me to find hate comments
and now I'm like I've just spent two
hours waiting to hate comments and I'm
like self esteem one of the ones I want
to address though and I've had to say
this many times because I had to go to
videos that are like me on the tight
show Jimmy Fallon or like clouds with
other people because that's easy work at
the most hey when I'm on talk shows and
I swear to god you have to be there to
know when I watch the videos and all the
hate comments like or no one's laughing
at her jokes at the talk shows please
know what you hear on TV and in the
video is not
happening in the studio if no one was
laughing I would just like not address
inch like I like move on I do stand-up
comedy if no one laughs I know how to
move on the reason I go is because
they're all laughing do just a mic is
just on me so if you're not there alive
you will never hear every time I watch
it just drives me crazy because it seems
like no one's laughing but if no one was
laughing I would just make the joke and
I'd be like anyways moving on but I take
that moment and you hear the awkwardness
because they're laughing in real life
the mic is only on me I would not make
this up I would be honest and tell you
they laugh every single time they have
to the studio audience
there's producers and directors are
being like clap love like of course
dammit
a lie it was a FedEx but we're here 13
cents are paid and I go Steve that is
Steve fooling boats
I know forty horde dollars we my Indian
just came up that's another thing to me
recently I'm saying something and
suddenly one of my words have an I feel
like I'm like wengie thin bottom teeth
are the real me I'm becoming them
speaking over yes exactly
he's like water earth
so it's been like a four whole minutes
and this thing is imprinted from one
page and there's 277 in total so I'm
just like yeah yeah b-boy your plan it
won't print I go in just under that all
we su oil plan what you can you know
look like a printing right now you look
like a bum res camping right now humping
virgin
I want cha fine replica but spend
hundreds of dollars on office supplies
now I think a lot 130 wins the race here
we go more pages we got doesn't say very
informative
booyaka booyaka this is the man you
scare for my phone who needs to buy an
envelope when you can just use rubber
bands in paper they give you they may be
alright you want a sneak peek oh hello
lollie you want to sneak peek my book
here we go wasn't that great oh it was
314 am I'm one-fourth done reading this
behind asleep
realizing might not be possible to read
my entire book in ones thing a little
bit delusional from you think but I did
make some edits so I'm thinking that
maybe I will do these edits on my
computer there's really minor things so
I don't even think they're like because
I do have one more round that I can I'll
make really super minor changes to this
is my last chance make big changes but I
feel like because the second time I'm
going through it essentially I think I'm
just gonna do these ones on the computer
and see how I feel banging steep second
wind here we go through the
okay I just sent it the time is 5:17 I
reviewed it pretty thoroughly but I
viewed enough to still be able to go
through one more time with minor changes
I don't they leave any little chain big
changes so I'm feeling good about it and
I'm gonna sleep because I'm very sleepy
trying to see things um beer me this is
the story of my life the story of my
life oh man I am sleepy today well I
think I worked really really hard today
that's why toilet talk with Lele what a
productive day I'm very happy with today
a lot of movements were made a lot of
things were done I feel in myself I feel
myself I'm it's so funny when I put I'm
feeling myself as I talk very much so
like myself in the book and so when I
put like I was feeling myself
fedders like feeling like myself and I
was like Nana feeling myself so you like
I think when you read it there's gonna
be no doubt that I wrote it I don't
think anyone's gonna question if I wrote
it or not it is so me it sounds exactly
like me talking and I would be like that
about it like even some of the jokes
like I know they're lame but it's just
how my brain thinks you know how I've
almost tangents from just like I don't
make no sense and really like that's in
the book you want to preorder a leasing
book calm and very excited about it
the next version I get the manuscript is
going to be the completed like with
design pictures colors everything and
I'm really excited about that it's gonna
be super super dope you get to be on
this journey with me from you know in
your room would hmm once the magic was
done I can work on properly promoting it
which makes me excited as well but I'm I
should I now thank you very mu my today
thank you for joining me on my today
thank you for joining me on my day Howie
you had a great day appreciate your
taking the time out of your day to like
listen to me and wash my face he did
Bowie's yeah my nose I'm shy it is
tomorrow is super Thursday how this
Monday and Thursday comes I feel like
those there's no I feel
the calendars alekos monday straight to
thursday because those days come way too
fast
so I merge with our video I have a
meeting and I'm also going to most
likely go to Sabrina's concert that's
happening in LA which I'm very excited
about
sounds crack-a-lackin' and Talon Wow if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe shirtless you can open your
eyes me oh my god as you can see
cause now we're you sure yeah not I show
up that buddy American fire truck oh my
god
yes well this is the best thing ever
