but I'm so sleepy
money's 8:30 Oh about 40 minutes ago I
got like two and a half three hours of
sleep I can fall asleep it shows real
the struggles real someone is sleepy
hint but I did have some I may come
under the rest of it when I get to the
venue make a speech today so it's really
cute this is like only a halfway mark so
we wanted to celebrate that from all I
said we lack rhythm is official about
the sharpie and make it about 25 good
job - super
eight my hair right now is great
delivery room girls don't like other
girls for the silliest reasons but that
girl touched her boy I like
well that'll wear so much makeup
what's crack-a-lackin' i have this thing
called open hair how do I meet this TV
it's something complicated hold on
others figured it out oh I'm very close
I have this thing called open hair
phobia I swear I can't do anything with
my hair open if I'm on stage my hair is
open I'm like oh but literally my hair
right now I'm like it's everywhere I
feel it it's everywhere now if I keep
going like this and keep like this is so
long
that's why I always braid my hair
because I can't function that's so much
fun performing I know my speech well
enough now where I can improv a little
bit sounds like it was improv as a lot
of fun Vancouver oil Shh so so much love
so much like I had a lot of fun I was
doing stressful or I'm doing like you
know we just go and jam right now y'all
brought it like you always bring it
Vancity what up Brett and now a song
about team super and fruit day bring me
the orange Andy grab them but I say nah
man I need this can we have team super
damn and they give me a nutrient they
give me a lemon
does that mean I need this I mean I need
this stuff I should not be allowed at
this event I just showed a little quick
video I don't post on my channel get
this on Saturday
special video I'm so psyched to read
this letter from Vicki I am literally
estatic that's so sweet such as kind
gesture
also we're about to leave but I'm just
waiting to meet some fans because every
time I come to we day I'd make my best
effort to meet all the team super
accounts that come on Twitter and
Instagram
so I'm Team Willie Singh is here and I
she was treating me and a whole bunch of
you treating me being like oh meter
meter so Kyle is going to go hunt her
down right now we're gonna do that and
there's a lot I'm feeling good you
should be feeling good you like to be
grateful for blessings on blessings on
blessings yeah I mean we are reuniting
here two souls two friends
ash got T my lily thing if you don't
follow her on Instagram what are you
doing what are your priorities where you
at in life because her Instagram is
elect you should unfollow you in follow
her if you got to pick one person
like straight up because she's so good I
didn't to get my you dragon we do is is
this gonna be when those situations are
very tame right now and as soon as you
walk out you're gonna like you can meet
awkward turtle and you want a man to
this is our friend Hannah - dope jacket
and they've come to see we then they
come to see me in there are you rocking
you're a few keys though like this or
speak he loved them you know DJ
aasif Ireland
thing
oh wow
she awakens with this another Pizza 333
p.m. releasing that video with my
takeoff yo-yo landed in Toronto kill
look at this vending machine it's like
the Optimus Prime of red nations waiting
for my bag with parents outside picked
me up it's about midnight or 11 almost
midnight 11:30 I've been ahead I'm
excited I'm moving here for a couple
hours tomorrow evening we were headed to
Barcelona I'm back my mom made me reg
attention curry is my mom this is my dad
he is excited yes oh yeah I was debating
if I should block or not because I was
like I don't know my parents might get
annoyed if I thought I don't know my
thing I'm gonna vlog and then do you
guys mind only told me before I guess I
shouldn't ask you on the blog did you
lie and say do I try not block try not
go on what do you think go ahead go
ahead
excited is gonna be good I got a little
bit more work to do before I sleep I did
a lot of work on the plane killing the
game all I changed woman I'm gonna adult
right now remember last time I was like
I'm gonna problem solve this because the
next time I come home I'm gonna remember
it's been feel good look at my desk and
I walked in and I was like I am NOT
stressed at all look at this desk space
I can do work on look at this problem
solving key to success
oh my god I just said a dumb thing well
one is my makeup wipes in my suitcase so
I can't wash my face and now I look like
a raccoon - I thought you went to sleep
just well it's really bad I'm sorry Wow
Wow
ignore all of that I really went to
sleep and woke up cuz my car I didn't
finish POG I'm listening to
Alicia Keys new album bare mother effin
vibes that's my sister right there you
Nico get Alicia's album it's called here
go grab it this woman is
I can't even anyone thinks is a word
this woman is revolutionary like she
just has bare effing vibes and she also
texted me say she's funnier than me so
we gonna have to we gonna have to meet
up soon time and I'm like go you have I
heard my singing yet I'm just saying but
you need to go get Alicia's album here
because dude it's what your soul needs
is what your soul needs I'm gonna go to
bed I'm not gonna send the toilet
because I don't wanna wake up my parents
but thank you but it's my heater thank
you for trying man today I had great
time out we'd a had a great time meeting
all of you lovely people and speaking
for all of you and it was just so much
good energy I've said it a billion times
but again tomorrow we're going to
Barcelona I am gonna vlog if I miss a
day here or there though please forgive
me because the patient is for my parents
and I want to make sure my attention
goes to them
having said that also another little
tidbit of information is that I'm not
gonna release the video on Monday
instead I'm gonna release a funny short
video on Saturday because it is
time-sensitive so I'll release a video
on Saturday and on Thursday so when our
Monday everyone's like right every day
please in the comments team super direct
them to the fact that I uploaded one on
Saturday early it's just I want to do it
in time for the election because I think
it's funny so yeah that's what's going
on hope you had a great day tomorrow
we're gonna travel again - what's up
we're gonna give our parents the best
vacation our parents I mean like my
parents I guess my friends the best
vacay give them back higher life higher
blessings all day every day if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe I
want you first of all to sit down
because it's gonna be overwhelming for
you your
panties will be in several knots if
Manjeet was a young white boy hello
who's looking this hotels haunted I love
do the accent because you sounded like
like Spanish hola
no not right now so good aesthetic for
you I like it
ladies come on and fellas all of them
