goodbye for every lilypad
I'm just kidding two weeks two weeks bye
that's a lot let's log this hug as if we
didn't or you do this polar bear party
going to Vancouver the tile and then
that's a leaf like 24 hours and then I'm
going to Spain so I will see you lily
pad in like two weeks
be good okay Oh dusty okay major work on
that
and that Tim Hortons we're in Vancouver
I slept the entire way it was actually
two and a half hour play it's longer
from I forgot geographically it's longer
from Toronto to Vancouver and I'm le to
Vancouver short I can't hear anything
mayor's plugged I'm still sleeping
I'm not happening we're in Vancouver go
Canada Vancity
fun fact Vancouver's actual to my
favorite cities um it's rainy and gross
why you do this but it's okay because I
was greeted at the airport by some
lovelies and I didn't even say anything
of a white flight which means one of the
waiting there a long time
so welcome to Vancouver I like lly bonus
points for spelling right so so sweet so
we're here now hang the sound check
which kind of counterproductive can't
hear anything is what you're so plug but
that's gonna happen and then I want to
make a video cuz tomorrow is Thursday
that's that that we're gonna do that's
what we're gonna do well that's what's
happening watch me do it that's what
that's happening you know I'm carving
hive again you just returned from me to
be trips
Superman ourselves
my friend Lily
hi hi hi so this is the venue I just did
like three seconds of my speech out the
whole thing because I can't hear
anything my eyes asleep II can't see
anything and we is obviously cool me
that that's like because they love me
and I love them and we're getting mad
right fun fact of why Vancouver has such
a special place in my heart
you're like a team super og you'll know
this but one of my biggest
meet-and-greets earlier on in my career
were like it was the first time people
waited in line to meet me and like the
line wrapped around the building I
remember just being so not able to
comprehend what was happening that was
in Vancouver it was for an event I did
here and my Pingree was actually with
humble and I was like earlier on in our
friendship to sauce first I'm humble act
like chilled out together and we agree
was here so it was like really special
place in my heart in the city you know
now we go eat it's that time I'm gonna
sign all these bracelets cuz they're
available at every we did in the first
50s I'm you should time we should time
and see how quickly I can sign how many
do you think are here hundred hundred
hundred right yeah
okay I don't knows we had time how long
it takes me sign one hundred of you
erase it I'm gonna try to beat that
record every time we do a UH
call time I loves ya possible blue might
be embarrassing though why how slow you
go oh god here we go
the timer let me know when it I'm
getting we're going on like my jacket
right now looks like a sport okay what
are you estimating I I'm gonna be I'm
gonna be optimistic and I'm gonna say
three minutes I'd say like closer to
horse for close to five minutes yeah I
can't get slowed down by you so you
better make sure you're on point here
again okay ready set go
okay what do you ask me five minutes cuz
this is five thirty five twenty five
twenty what a fail how many is that
how many xemina how many seconds to take
five twenty-two hundred idols cram book
but the markers really good on them look
looks maybe doesn't look as good in dude
lighting but now look I like this marker
on it I think I adds to the whole vibes
that's your turn as you know all of them
say my name
I didn't misspelled my name even once
they're all done with quality even still
even though we time elapsed so how many
3.20 second three point two seconds per
thing that's not that impressive I'm
kind of disappointed myself you know
what it is a few factors that plan you
gotta get it and then I gotta move the
bracelet sign and I do really X I do an
X on all of them but you know what to
get five twenty good uses is the first
world record of Lilly Singh signing so I
beat the world record set the record
5:20 is the one to be from this walks
and cramping Tings bruh yeah thank you
um and then can I get a side of chili
flakes um I also get some fries with uh
do you like what kind of depends on what
we found potential in some ketchup with
that and then I'm going to also order do
you have mac and cheese
we don't unfortunately Oh sad I will get
what's really pop what's popular sorry
this many is big
popular or like the burger spaghetti
vongole
I'll get the grilled cheese please yeah
fries work well tweet yeah could we get
a coke oh my god I fell asleep on the
couch and I fell asleep I don't mean I
just Fontaine see fell asleep I mean
like I lied down put a pillow down
covered myself with a blanket then just
straight-up failed to wake up you ever
fail to wake up so hard that it's like
you I literally press snooze for an hour
to half I could just turn off my alarm
and slept peacefully for an hour and
haven't been refreshed but no I can't
every five minutes I press snooze why
cuz I'm dumb
I'm dumb because I'm dumb I'm dumb
person that's why I'm dumb I'm dumb I'm
sure I've done what time is it right now
it is and it's Wednesday so it's 913 but
I'm really trying to do my video today
because tomorrow I have we there then
right after we damn coming I basically
went to the airport pretty soon after
that and it landed like midnight in
Toronto due to the time difference and
traveling and all that stuff and so I
don't want to land at midnight and make
a video so I know the responsible things
to make a video now and that's what I'm
trying to do but my brain my stupid
brain has a hard time with that because
my brain does not like what you have
time so I like that kid that always wait
until the night before do an essay
that's on my brain works I'm trying to
try to change that you know I mean I'm
trying to change that way when that
comments on my youtube videos telling me
I'm shaky like I've changed maybe right
I want you first of all to sit down
because it's gonna be overwhelming for
you your panties will be in several
knots if from when jeath was a young
white boy I don't know who's talking oh
this cartels haunted
I love do the accent again you sounded
like like Spanish like hola that's what
you study no not gonna try it now so
good aesthetic for you
I like it ladies come on and fellas all
of them what's poppin so the video I'm
actually gonna shoot today on a
Wednesday like a responsible adult it's
actually a video a lot of you have
did some of you might not be familiar
though but I think it's really exciting
um I do I'm not like a massive massive
kpop fan not gonna pretend to know
everything about kpop I don't but any
bit of kpop I do know I really like like
I really like CL I really like BTS like
I love their song dope and so a lot of
you haven't asked me to react to BTS his
new song called blood sweat and tears
and so I just watched it I made my notes
usually I freestyle the parents react
but just today I'm because I'm not too
familiar with kpop I'm writing notes and
I'm also going to improv some of it so
my parents gonna react to blood so into
is because you've literally requested it
so many times it is in my comments
constantly and it has been the past
three weeks so I hope you enjoy it it's
gonna be good sounds a little something
like this for those that aren't familiar
I'm Shay
ah
just ordered a late-night kings name
that ladies like 10:30 but I got myself
some pisghetti and some foots you know
what it is money money money money money
ready yeah this is called the slap
yourself dance money money money
yeah I'm so weird time is a whiplash
dosto sometimes I make really stupid
decisions for example I'm transferring
files and I've done this more than once
not the first time made this mistake on
transferring files from my sd card my
memory card and sort of copy those files
onto my laptop and transferring them I'm
doing a straight from the card thus
enabling me enable disabling me from
using the card on my camera and it says
twirlin minutes left so not just
remembers I never be like Dora Dora Dora
normal dog do nothing I could use this
vlog this vlog one but I know if there's
no space on it
why do I do this now I must take a 21
minute pop and it's already 12:05 and
after wake up for 7:45 why I do a stupid
thing I don't know hmm well yeah get me
pineapple I like a less reacting BTS
come on
I did it
I finished my video and I'm saving it I
did my video on a Wednesday she
understand how monumental of a more
practices I overcame the wiring in my
brain and I really like the video I
think it's really and I was able to put
that extra effort in because I like you
I don't I'm not on a time crunch I can
sure I'll get a little less sleep right
now but I was so proud of me let this be
the standard moving forward just cleaned
up my eyebrows now I have to Thailand
Tukwila Louise in Vancouver for a couple
more hours when I wake up earlier I know
a few hours of sleep but it's okay I'll
sleep on the plane because I deserve it
and I earned it uh tomorrow's we day
when I got my weed a speech that I make
urgent break excited about I love the
energy in Vancouver every time I perform
here so I'm very excited and then wrap
it on a plane and we headed back to
Toronto and with the time to Princeton
all pretty much all days and random play
and so nothing too exciting thank you
for joining me in today I hope you had a
wonderful day I'm burping I always burp
when I'm doing really talking always try
to contain it but then I'm just like you
guys know I'm burping so I should just
stop pretending to hide it anyways
tomorrow we hustle again Wow if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe so humble if I are still
laughing at yesterday's vlog or watching
it right now and now we're gonna do a
humbling movie react as the truman blogs
right here the time I took my daughter
trick-or-treating we're gonna wind a
little bit and go to the first house
okay we go here is it right here the
door
look another photo can you even walk the
baggage
