it's November 1st Merry Christmas
what's up Halloween is over the
shenanigans are done I would just like
to say that yesterday's vlog with us
taking not a trick or treating it's
quite possibly the best thing I've ever
done a website and was awesome I feel
like a genius
I watched the vlog I was dying it was so
hilarious um it was dope
but today what we're gonna do is I don't
have that heavy of a day which means I
get to make my day very happy by doing
all the stuff I haven't done previously
so I'm going to let me just show you the
status of my room right now not like you
don't know but the status of my room is
ridiculous with the packing all I need
to do by suitcase my suitcase is totally
cracked and it's not gonna survive
another trip and my mom fully said to me
do you want me to get you a suitcase
because I don't think you have time and
I was a mom so I'm nagging me okay I'm
totally enough that I totally forgot I'm
kinda I gotta get a suitcase unpack do
finish off my laundry pack cuz tomorrow
I'm going to Vancouver for weed a Canada
it's been a while since I've been to
Vancouver actually hate to see you I was
last time and then after that going to
Toronto and then the next day we're
going to Spain and I still haven't
decided if I'm gonna vlog during that
but I will let you know might might not
cousin take my parents on vacation I
don't want to be about them but I've
decided yet we'll see we'll see
well that's crackalacking I got to write
some stuff got do some emails there do
some work then have a massage booked for
later what are you doing today besides
being awesome my friend we go work right
right right right
I'm plan that's what's that right and
plan right and plan right it could be a
two-step right okay have a problem you
know like I cleared it all up that's
fine all these clothes are not hangers
every time I clean my room
I need more hangers I'm like that's kind
of problematic right that must mean that
I get a lot more clothes over and over
and over and over again I mean it's a
personal problem and I'm blessed but
just like I can't fit no more into this
closet so and in Toronto when this
happened that's why I had the pile of
clothes in the corner I don't want to do
that right now so ya know take a shower
wash my hair wearing my Invisalign I
picked yellow I know this is a crucial
decision and every time you're like yo I
cast
but night had nothing I don't know what
color the least I wasn't towel is not
every time I'm trying to say Singapore
and I always stuttering him pisses me
off but now you know yellow is the color
remember back the day when you thought
the towel is to make a difference maybe
them thank you this chapter about that
in my book by the way I'm allowed are
doing this thing we're trying to eat
meals although maybe it's new for me and
normal for you I'm trying to eat meals
not just like crap till today so got
some pad thai look at this this is very
adult of us I feel steamed vegetables
that's right
whatever those yeah water ah
I'm drinking that I'm an adult the time
is 746 I just a lot of work personal
work though basically planning the
vacation I'm taking my mom on as I was
just listening to humble kizomba
am I allowed to say that you're also
taking a famine patient yes I'm taking
my family to Kenya so both kind goings
the same thing which is like trying to
make things as well I mean I'm trying to
make things as organized as possible
I think humble sisters are hurt oh yeah
so we're Lily is doing all the
organizing for her trip I'm asking my
sister said you're mine because girls
are better and when you acknowledge
girls are better you can get them to do
more work it hurts to disagree with that
but you know I'm all about equality
yeah I've been planning a lot because
you know my parents they're very my mom
specifically she's very like
everything's you organize and everything
needs to be like she always finds things
to stress about so I'm trying to take
away every element she could possibly
stress about everything organized I'm so
going on I still have a lot of work to
do but I have a massage book it's
actually like I think compliments of
soothe which is really cool so I'm gonna
go do that I'll see you in a little in a
little bit but may just sound such a
funny thought imagine we were so cheap
we're like halfway doing massage she's
friend yeah I started like slithering
off the table you just like happy just
sneakin not you that's quality thinking
you know uh-huh
he's good man that one that one my
masseuse I done fell asleep I like
knocked out so hard during that massage
like a lot of times but not that later
dolloping nine or something
I've been going you conquer the world in
this hour yeah good yeah every time I
have massage always calm put things out
to do in my brain and then I can never
write them down so I'm like trying to
remember I know dude my massage I was
like remember do these two things yeah
that's what I do during a massage and I
get to do a list we go
I want everyone right now to tweet
Madilyn Bailey I let her know that she's
changed me because guess who I just got
from Chipotle not a rice bowl but a
burrito because of our burrito challenge
she's changing Maddie you changed me
look how big these burritos are and I'm
going to attack our humble if I are
still laughing at yesterday's vlog or
watching it right now and now we're
gonna do a humbling movie react as a
woman blogs right here the time I took
my daughter trick-or-treating we're
gonna wind a little bit we're gonna go
to the first house okay we go can you
even walk the magnet week baby thank you
I'm not trying to tell the joke is my
favorite probably can't even talk go on
finish doing yeah you got further good
forth like this ha oh god it's so good
it's so good
you guys gotta hear humbles fatherly
instincts kick in okay cool way for a
way to bring away friend
I'm reassuring her not me no way she's
so terrified ating they're good I guess
I cannot give up many more though to
love it okay
we're trying to be an actor okay so
after this the guy shut it off he's on
operation happy
do you a child
Betty come on no no too good
yo whats cracka like what's crack like
you good you good
is you good the time is 1:00 a.m. I just
finished writing a book chapter and you
probably like why you're reading a book
chapter did you finish a book I'll swap
my pimple ignore that ad to write one
more chapter for something just
something can tell you what to something
so I finished chapter my book I planned
out the vacation for my parents to the
month the FNT can i brag about this real
quick for a second so like I mentioned I
want my parents don't watch this vlog
it's okay whatever I want my mom to not
stress about anything she needs a
extreme amount of organization to do so
so I have literally routed out based on
everything she said she want to see like
google map of like the route will take
how long will take to walk to each place
from each place like doing the teeth to
the one now to the cube not a nod to
that II all right I'm all packed and
ready to go to Vancouver then after that
to Spain and now we're going to sit on
the cook at this clean washroom my hair
turn Tukwila a very productive day I got
a lot of work done I have a couple more
things I just had a brain fart I had a
couple of couple mornings during the
plane which is grandpa Scylla always
works on the plane and I was feel back
as I was sleep like I restrained my
brain to sleep on planes but hopefully
tomorrow I can do a little bit of work
on the plane and then we're going for
weeding and you know I love me some weed
a if I got my airplane outfit on as you
know the regs the regs a mortar bed
sleep a few hours cut the airport thanks
for joining me on today and I hope you
had a great day as always but if you
have a great dinner where I want I every
day can be great we can decide to make
tomorrow great so that's what you should
do guys I love the fake you say remember
if you come to any whe day these are
figure will always these RPGs will
always be on sale I'm tired my brain is
shutting down okay I'm gonna go and
tomorrow we go to Vancouver hey do you
think think think oh if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
hahaha
this is terrifying this is absolutely
terrifying
why do I know I know I'm removing them
where are you supposed to be looking
from I don't know but I don't understand
what people stay inside of this for very
long can you see
