I am the definition of a hot mess right
now
this is 4:30 p.m. I woke up downtown I
came home I just woke up from a nap
because I was so tired I fell asleep on
one my bracelets and others marks all
over my face still a bit of makeup on my
eyes eyelash glue etc I got my life
together in his video day and I have mad
deadlines and emails and issue
accomplished so I'll remember how I said
no more complaining just problem-solving
and why is my nose randomly stuff what
is happening right now I am about to go
wash my face then I'm going to clear
this desk make it functional to work I
don't even if that means putting
everything on my bed while I work but
I'm just going to have a productive work
session right now I'm going to charge
all of my battery's completely so my
camera does not turn off and nothing
will go wrong with files no format the
memory card make sure that situation is
poppin we gonna have the most productive
evening f bar forever ever ever
okay let's go
also when I got home my mom had freshly
made lasagna made now's like blessed
life I was like Plus did you see the
eyelash cleaner
I was like blessed life it was the best
thing ever especially after last night a
night of drinking to come home to from
some freshly made cheesy lasagna I was
like bless this next shot is not for the
faint of heart so if you get grossed out
by things don't look but my nail
basically last night got caught on
something and so it's about to fall off
but it's still attached there but
essentially it's so painful it's okay
it's definitely no bleed it's gonna
bleed everywhere but that's the
situation okay
progress this I can work with this I can
work with hey y'all so I've been super
productive for the past couple hours but
now a bit like I got it you know about a
project that I've been wanting for so
long and just something relate to the
project it was very much so disheartened
me and it's been bothering we've passed
like two hours because I'm just like uh
not what I wanted and stuff oh my god my
rubber band came out my braid is coming
out what is happening that foot is
asleep Frank's too many things are
happening at once yeah I got this email
it broke my heart and now I'm just like
being unproductive again
which kind of sucks but at 7:30 and
after quarter video but I did get a lot
of work done I got so much work done but
now I need to focus on not being sad
okay be our week
stop it Louie you know what I need to
get better at this is what it is when it
comes to like personal things I'm
actually really good at not letting
emotion getting away of productivity I'm
really good I like drawing that line
being like I'm done thinking about this
morning about this and this is my
problem-solving action I'm not good at
that when it comes to my passion
projects like one of the passion part is
I'm working on like it's consumed my
brain now and the fact that it's not
going to turn out the way I wanted to
has the past few hours I shouldn't
sitting here being like oh my god
I'm sad and like I've been like okay if
I have to do this and this and I've come
up with like possible solutions I don't
know if they're gonna work but like I
haven't been able to do anything I need
to get better at that being like alright
can you solve something with us now no
because I passion punch like my baby so
essentially feel like my child is in
danger and I'm not able to get over but
I have to record this video we're gonna
stop officially stop right now and we're
going to record this video that's what's
gonna happen
Lilly that's gonna happen there George
shut up
does doesn't happen we'd work on this
video in three two one
okay here we go that awkward moment when
I wrote Jessica into the script and I
don't have my blonde wig here why
because I'm a stupid person obviously my
blonde wig is in LA what am I thinking
how can I possibly do this maybe just
covering a towel
okay the creeks maybe didn't allow you
to hear but I said I'm so smart
sometimes I'm a smart I'm smart I'm a
smart person okay I finished shooting
and now my hard drive I finished
shooting now I'm gonna edit and I have
gone through much trouble to not think
about the passion project also I keep
ripping my nail off slowly by slowly and
it's curling homemade Indian food and
ting this is things this thing called
SOG and it's one of those any people
that looks so bad but tastes so good
it's essentially pureed spinach and
green like look how not appetizing that
looks but it tastes so good
oh my vote the in SOG it was gradual a
videos out is 1:50 a.m. I'm thinking
about it in a shower I don't want to
move any of this because I want to
maintain this situation here I'm not
gonna sleep in like the other Red Room
and that's what's going on my nail still
has not ripped off but it is hanging by
little thread and it kills a girl might
come back what else have tell you have
to anything else I just asked it all on
my bed Mel's like probably pooped it out
I love sleeping I mean also okay so this
little gap in the wall has annoyed me
forever I just put this here it wasn't
there before
every time I'd shoot there'd be this gap
and I don't know why I shouldn't feel it
and earlier but I took a picture from
over there and put it over here if you
care about that at all
that's what I did because those little
things caused me great discomfort when
I'm like someone willing this one little
crooked or uneven thing I'm very
detail-oriented like that - oh no one
another thing every time I come home I
pack like 17 more clothes as if I have
space in my other closet and as if like
I need all these clothes and as if I
don't wear this black t-shirt every
single day anyways well what I my dumb
I'm dumb I think I'm a dumb person I'm
I'm dumb you shouldn't watch my videos
you should still drive me right now
because I'm dumb
just kidding you should do I'm so dumb
smart smart I am just killing the
productivity game right now I gave all
the information to get my mom's vacation
brought the vacation booked and
now I am doing that thing where I pay
all the people that I have to pay always
a lot of fun
and the time is 2:35 and I am killing
the game right now
and I'm very proud of it all being
productive we are productive unicorns
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah and we vlog it
it would type it and we write you okay
okay George not when I'm dancing I don't
care if you're curious so you know this
a shouldn't eat after like a certain
time because not good for you so
thievery a mob would have some lasagna I
came downstairs I was like I'm not
really hungry
now no authority and then I saw this
beautiful this beautiful will give you a
360 view right here beautiful Gator of
lasagna forgot my mom made I'm just like
feeling some type of way about it and
I'm like yo I can't believe I thought I
had any problems this is the biggest
problem of my life a light behind me or
why is that this light this light turn
does that it it's like oh there is you
guys have so much make love to this
lasagna right now because I don't think
I think Express how excited I am for
this you're looking right you're looking
right BRB BRB we see you from across the
room intimate up mmm no off Amash that
boom bar right there hey I was to make
you a 10 you'd be 20 so this is this is
why so many guys always lined up outside
my house because of my my sexy talk
that's why you so damn cheesy nom say
good you which are layers I could peel
away your layers make love all the way
yeah okay we'll be gentle
come on be gentle here we go okay I lied
I'm not gonna be gentle but I promise
you I'm gonna treat you right
damn it
whoo oh yeah oh yeah come on come on oh
don't be so hard to get come on you look
so good I'm gonna just hold you up and
go oh look at you from the side like
that I'm heating up so say lasagna you
so fine
the layered foods ain't got none no you
tell me sue ain't got not know you when
I'm adding Photoshop and I'm gonna
graphic and all those layers they ain't
gotten on you they'll do what you do
you so fine with your vegetables and
your noodles also why can't watch my
vlogs this is part of my new video where
I talk about the festival Natick who
decorates her house for Halloween my mom
I'm gonna say nothing but your P enough
said this before Naima said again that
very often when I eat I don't do
anything else
I know people often like sometimes I
watch YouTube but like I try to have at
least one meal every once in a while
where I just sit with no I'm doing
nothing watching nothing and all I'm
gonna do is eat and enjoy the food and
be grateful for the food and appreciate
the booths imma turn off this blog
camera make sweet sweet love this is
Anya I'll talk to you soon also there's
booger in my nose and I can't poke it
and I can't pick it in front I mean it
could that was so good so my drive was
getting redone and so it's all gravel
and when I bring my suitcase is inside
inevitably the gravel gets attached the
suitcase so now my for and if you could
see is just like covered in gravel look
watch remember this gravel it's gonna be
really fun to clean look at this can't
even walk hot mess situation but it's
okay because the desk is on point toilet
talk with Lily thank you for joining me
today an emotional rollercoaster of a
day it's okay
productivity solutions over emotional
turmoil that's the call that's always
going to be the goal and it's never
going to be a destination it's always
going to be a journey and an adventure
it's all good
hope you had a great day thank you for
joining me on my day and put this away
Amaya wrapper day away ha and tomorrow
we are going to go to our store to find
an outfit for an event ahead and then I
have an appointment and then after that
I have chases taking me out for my
birthday I know I know what thinking I
don't I don't need this but he wasn't
here for my birthday and so he feels
obligated to take me out for my birthday
so that's what's happening I don't know
what he has planned but today he
messaged me saying do you still eat mac
and cheese and I'm like yes yes I do
so that's what's crack-a-lackin' but
that's for tomorrow as for today
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
although the death of the fire because I
