I am a bad vlogger
that's cuz I'm not a vlogger I don't I'm
no I don't call myself logger what time
is very normal
this is 7:30 p.m. 7:30 p.m. is when I'm
starting my vlog right now because I
just had a chaotic day I woke up God
appeared last night had cramps I was not
feeling good for most the day I was so
under the weather had to cancel a
meeting I've been doing just so much
stuff everything stuff right - so much
stuff a lot of stuff
one of those things I was doing is I
lost my wallet remember yesterday when
to FedEx and I was dancing for the
printer going I listen that's my Walter
you guys have to see it yeah watch them
glide to go back into my vlog and
pinpoint the moment that I walked away
for you see me you see the wallet there
I mean I'm a stupid person it just
didn't know how somebody is spending all
every money yeah so all my credit is
more important than everything after the
credit cards ask my license my Chipotle
card is in the wallet I am devastated
you better believe my whole entire team
is making an email that said the subject
is going to be most urgent email ever I
just pull a card because I'm just
devastated I haven't made a video yet it
stars a time Michael I've had a little
bit of a stressful just chaotic day I'm
on my period I have all moans I have all
these things and we are going to
Sabrina's concert which is good not as
heading over when I go to some use
concert when I come back if I'm in
spirits good spirits gonna make a video
which I'm hoping I will because I think
humble told me I had to
and also I'm talking myself have to but
I've just had a little bit of a day and
I was even gonna vlog with and I'm like
no you know what I'm gonna blog I want a
vlog I want a live it's all good but I
just cracked like that's going on humble
the only life updates right now I'm
trying to plan a trip with my family
what you want them to know this cuz this
is gonna go do the water glugs
is this price my prince yeah someone
tell your parents but this is a surprise
we find out we'll just keep it I'm just
trying to plan a trip and I've never
done this
it was just like making me super mean I
also just booked up help each other cuz
I just booked a trip for my parents to
Barcelona as well I feel like your
parents are better supports in my friend
hey no I just don't give him a choice I
said you have no say in any of this I'll
take your opinions about doing all the
booking my parents tried to pay for and
7oz my Helena it's all gonna be my
decisions all you all you will be
informed is the one thing I did ask is
for their like bodies and elderliness
I'm like would you prefer train in the
situation or a plane
I did ask questions like those but
otherwise I was like I'll tell you what
time you're free ready and you have no
say in anything else that's what I do
see you want ads up happening the older
you get your parents become your kids
mmm they act like kids and they get
stubborn like kids and you have to like
not ask some questions do stuff yeah yes
like you're coming that's it yeah yeah
that's was a little bit rude yeah one
two percent agreed all righty then
so this elf over here brought me this
gift it is my smash box it says hey
Lilly thank you for being such an
amazing boss partner it was truly a
pleasure
Smashbox let's see what it is I think
it's champagne either way it's a
pleasant surprise
okay all right this wet know I always
look at when people study stuff the
person who wrote it
look how nice this writing is my writing
and you see how nice is writing it is it
was running any kids like two kids
yeah I really badly now my father I'm
double-jointed okay II here we go what
is this oh it's custom champagne
designed for special occasions what is
this hold on I feel fancy this always
shaped in the lipstick oh my god hold on
I'm great do something a British right
here
not you dope holy crap how sick is that
is that not so sick hold on I don't
think you can see the full thickness of
the situation I'm kind of upside in my
cyber bullying you have really great
ideas but usually it's like a
blinged-out boss jumping holy crap that
is really friggin cool wow that is a
change in width this is like a rap video
I know it could never be open
what do you mean you know no no this
will never be open thank you so much
much like that is an amazing gift I am
blown away right now best ever
she's such an adorable human I love her
you so Lil Sis killed it
Twitter's voice powerhouse and I have um
and I felt really sweet because she
seemed genuinely touched that I came
like I can't leave came home like I was
gonna come I'm all about support and
girl oh what's up well no the light
disappeared flash like me flash like me
last night me me it that set there it is
I'm usually shy she gave me the best
compliment of her in a while actually I
would like to set between us is I just
needed to hear today in all those
moments room like I needed to hear this
she said you're just so genuine and such
a human I was called a human's true
that's nice you're also a unicorn that's
true I am a unicorn but she's a
sweetheart she always looks so fat but
they weren't I'm like just a fabulous
adult I just don't get it she's amazing
go check her out Sabrina she's not my
gosh I love ah ah also we need to eat
food I know I'm really hungry yeah
hello's - look where this place called
UMI's
I've decided I might not make a video
for reasons I cannot explain the most i
can say is i feel emotionally drained
today like i need a mental break we'll
talk more about that becomes amazing
food this doom is just all vegan food
and it's like this bacon cheese fries
and it's vegan thing yeah well this dish
look at this is so good like i don't i
don't think this is so good left
nutter don't work is so good this is not
a drill
these people are wizards
like
rub my new place they remember seeing
before I've never seen without furniture
I'm very nervous about it that's one
great hey looks so different without
furniture my guys what do you think what
do you think what do you think I'm so
nervous your your opinion is very
beautiful oh I never mostly you're here
no I really like it I really like on
this and I do I can see Thomas look they
come to the seat
beautiful thank you no okay this has my
street and address on it
it comes with instruction it's so
different love furniture though like the
rooms are so tiny without the furniture
but I'm excited I need to move
eventually this is works like mad that
each to go to mad energy and vibes that
pop off in this room right here yeah
what's you're here to borrow more like
through mmm filly really funny bitches
loop in it our reflections in here
alright good again dish god this guy we
like yoga he walks into the car you
ready for this my oh my god always turn
around your day my favorite song is
clocks that I wish Gulotta ID nobody are
you all you another find that I remember
remember remember remember remember I am
still so full from that Bert I my pants
are gonna explode um quick combos I
won't take too much overtime because
I've been traveling a lot and slogging I
think but I just want to communicate
that and I think I've said this before I
might be repeating myself actually she's
pretty annoying but I did make a video
today I could have made a video a had
time to make a video I didn't do that
much stuff today I also sort of long
like 7:30 because I had a chaotic day
before that but I'm kind of going
through some I had a heavy day today and
you already know that I don't vlog I'm
openly telling I don't blog everything
that happens in my life I don't think
that's healthy
for me or for you or for anyone that's
when lines can kind of start getting
blurred between like real life and not
that this isn't real life like you know
the camera and you know something should
be private to you and so I had a little
bit of heavy day and and I can't tell
you why and I'm rockin Tyler details
about it I just you know it was what it
was and I didn't make a video because my
spirits were just were not in and so I
apologize for that and I know recently
that's kind of been like a thing where
i'm like not too consistent with my
videos and i apologize but I'm promise
you everything I'm working on is to
become better at that I am trying to get
a system in place that helps me make
videos more often and helps me be more
efficient helps me more productive helps
be happy now that I'm not happy right
now but like happier and more just like
systematic about life because my life is
getting pretty chaotic and so apologize
not making a video but that's what it
was and I'm gonna go to bed because it's
like almost 3:00 tomorrow I do have a
meeting and tomorrow what else do I have
a call a meeting and that's what's
poppin so I think I'm gonna bet call it
a night and not beat myself up about it
because it's ok it's ok sonic taqwa lele
also a more positive lighter note
today was six years of superwoman this
how many milestones have been the exact
same time six years since I started
YouTube oh my god that's a long time
thank you for the past six years I've
grown so much as a person and just I
feel like I feel like I'm so open-minded
and I'm so accepting of people and I'm
just such a I would like to believe a
well-rounded person that's a hundred
percent due to all of you and all
experiences I've had with you over the
last six years since I'm just so
thankful to each and every one of you
like I mean look what you've given me
over the past six years I owe so much to
you and I'm so grateful and thank you so
much six years holy crap it's a longest
relationship is with you it's very
special to me so thank you for all the
six years of superwoman wishes on
Twitter BAM I go back I'll be a great
day and I'm so full from this burger and
so oh the cow if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe okay so I just
tripped the FO because I was walking by
and I was like looked outside I'm like
is there too Sun so this very unique
situations happening where my window is
reflecting that windows I look like
there's two suns so there's a sign right
there
but it's reflecting the actual Sun
that's over there and I'm getting light
from both of them like Sun number one
and then Sun number two that's crazy
