oops I'm back in LA
look okay today 10 million 10 million 10
million in your Instagram everything
well yeah we had 10 million subscribers
I'm very sad well you mum still mourning
my child it's ok cuz today we focus on
the positives I can't hear anything in a
very tired go celebrate truthfully and
get back to the apartment I bet my virus
so happy look at the Sun also look what
Sarah wykel did 10 million I haven't hit
me officially because my ears are still
plug and also I'm mourning the death of
my child
but Ted really Oh regarding a sick
picture I can finally posted my diamond
plaque I'm very excited
I'll say five million are introduced I
feel like my mouth won't happen like
that like right at the same time two of
them no no I'm so happy to be back I'm
sorry with this guy we're gonna be so
productive cuz I was only semi
productive in Toronto as much as I could
be in the laughs I'm giggles I can order
yeah we're good good good um it's
amazing the hair cool also I have to
move I took a shower okay
let's talk for a second I know it's a
positive day I'm trying so hard to be
positive but admittedly I had all these
nightmares last night about the video
that's not gonna come up which means it
meant a lot to me I don't buy some
ridiculous but this video meant a lot to
me and II to officially just get over it
Lily it's fine things happen this is a
lesson it's not a failure it's a lesson
it's a little bit of a failure but it's
a lesson and just get over it because 10
million is a huge milestone 5 million on
Instagram these are just numbers but
it's the people behind the numbers and
we have much to be grateful for and it's
okay then I'm upset it's good to care
about things but I'm gonna have to learn
to let it go I'm gonna work on it and
celebrate the 10 million is so I am so
happy and grateful for 10 million and
also today is the vlog of the devil
yo yo I have to close my eyes what what
are you guys doing are you guys doing
this or necessary
what should I killed my baby
two servants have a seat oh my sitting
what is this my couch that's white house
that's just a balloon that you're
touching okay no your ultimate dream and
I've always been oh it smells familiar
we're gonna go hit my hand can you see
me : can you smell what you're that it
smells like fries either you have
condition yeah do you have any
conditions towards how you want to play
how did you evah what does your man have
to look like possibly the rock or you
know well what's the condition he has to
be what you can open your eyes you can
see Kyle's not where you should not I
show up that buddy American fire truck
oh my god
well this is the best thing ever
look at this and the sausage yeah yeah
these french fries have like a
three-minute lifespan so we're gonna
picture okay so the walking dead sent me
this survival backpack which I'm very
stoked about the front pouch you have
the comic
that's right Walking Dead is based off a
comic this backpack by the way is very I
can appreciate this okay let's open it
up Dana and that tent which you know we
will build and we will sit inside not
arriving ever being like yes okay what
is this that's part of the time part of
the tent good okay I thought candy had
one of these and I was so jealous this
is the greatest invention ever so you
know those like external chargers you
use to charge your phone I have a
bazillion of them and I never charge
them solar charged on the dashboard of
your car just put it there and it
charges it come on
is that not the best thing ever powered
by solar charger long lasting
high-capacity solar charge I love this
today well as you know when you're
trying to survive some zombies you need
to be sure cell phone is church very
good this goodness hey just for a good
time The Walking Dead nah oh it's like a
compass I think that that's we go shot
glasses oh yeah pretty small shot but
I'll take it
this is the case they gave it to
emergency shot glasses I dig that is so
cool oh my god
oh my god this is like a nice
thingamabob er how do I open a knife
part though wait what's dangerous do you
guys not know for Lana steel I had to
become proficient oh my god I won you
know nothing about one again yeah oh my
god guys Mac you skittle walkers that's
how it sounds gonna do it you know every
time I watch it with captions the word
they use is squelch sick brain squelches
oh thanks walking dead now all you have
to do is make me one of your walkers
again if you need an audition I just
call myself
nothing to see here folks got a big turn
it did it but they did it it's a walking
dead material right here just saying you
want someone to kill Megan I'm a girl
thank you
I met a secret sure I can't tell you
about hormones you're awful you came
because of IOT but I can't tell you what
it is yeah but they're sorted so you
came um but you'll see soon enough and
stuff because we're gonna bank the
footage and stuff so yeah bye we back
I'm soaking wet from the shoot and wash
my hair get to work it's 2:00 a.m. and
realizing on Toronto time that's 5:00
a.m. which is what I'm on right now so
I'm washing my hair try to do some work
until I fall asleep and then all the
tomorrow is buk buk buk shot this type
of holding you down at sunset it was fun
man it's dope it's gonna look dope wait
till you see what it's about
oh he's sick so though the moment when I
didn't take a shower and do where I got
to talking to humble and I'm a pretty
waist you is the moral the story right
now I'm out of bed or like maybe I'll
work until I fall asleep and go to bed
I'm so tired I'm on that tee time still
tomorrow it's got to be an intense
workday I look like Christmas right now
and intention compels you and intense
work day is the what has got to be I'm
gonna wash my face go to bed
named Johnny man today they're Devils
day but nah there's no devil here
there's only God and positive vibes and
love and to me your 666 means sick sick
sick sick Toronto the sick side you
already know son that's what's up 10
million subscribers that's what's up
5min subscribers on Instagram that's
what's up thanks so much for these
amazing milestones I appreciate it so so
much and I can't wait for a million more
for the best team that's so supportive
team super like you are amazing and when
I first started 10 million is like
friggin hell I never thought I could
never thought ten million like that's
that's a lot of money people a lot of
people so thank you so much and I am
dedicated to continue spreading
positivity to millions more people and
change the world for the better with
millions of more people so thank you so
much for being honest journey with me if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
there's to a million more if you like it
subscribe I'm changing this blog
channels name to the fattest cow on the
pattern because how not only do we get
our regular not only doing our regular
ridiculous order but with an extra drink
on the side cuz the last test you're a
is historic you know it is the popcorn
to drink ratio it's important and we
always finish the drink and I'm a
popcorn left in the water there in the
middle and
yeah
