I just took an amazing poop
good afternoon the time is two something
I woke up a little bit ago I've been
texting and doing work ever since then I
have so many things going on in my brain
admittedly I'm a little bit stressed I
don't like to talk today like that but
reshooting this video I talked about
yesterday is the bane of my existence
and to be honest is really irritating me
that I have to go through this process
all over again because it is so hard to
confirm people for shoots especially
shoots that require a lot of people and
I cannot fathom that it's the second
time I'm doing it I'm just like with
Monday I got to make a video I'm trying
to balance so many things I'm trying to
do emails do my video I'm trying to be
good friend and shows my friends and do
things but I just I can't do things if I
have to redo things it is very
frustrating to me but it's okay because
I decided to reshoot it it was my
decision and I will live up to it
because I wanted to release a quality
product so it is very frustrating though
um the second thing I want to talk about
was okay so I've always felt and this
would be like a little boring for you
but I hope not because I think my life
is kind of really super interesting in
the sense that I'm like in this middle
area like people are always like oh like
you're famous and let's just can we just
move over second like I'm not famous
like like Leonardo DiCaprio's famous
like Beyonce saying there's like I'm not
famous but I am in this very interesting
space where like because I do digital
creation I do have a little bit of
recognizability for lack of better term
and so when I go places you know yeah I
have security and I get to do events so
in that extent that yeah I'm a little
bit of limelight there and I think it's
very interesting because I'm in a grey
area I'm not like a full fledge like
Beyonce but I'm not like Lily from seven
years ago either so I think it's very
cool when I experience things and they
change the way I think or they're
different experience and I'd like to
share that with you because I think like
very few people get to be in this
blessed position and we should just like
learn about the psychological
psychologically it's like college of
being these positions like yesterday I
was at a wedding and a great time you
came along with me and I already knew
like if I go to a wedding especially for
a second Indian wedding I already know
it's gonna be like a meet and greet and
I managed to prepare for that and I have
no problem because I'ma be straight real
with you I'm gonna talk real with you I
do not ever
I have actually no I'm not Michigan with
this I love meeting all of you I love it
I don't care where I get it when I
before I became superwoman I did the
same thing if I saw someone at a party I
was like hey I'm so sorry to interrupt
you like can I take a picture and I used
to do the same thing so I totally get it
but I will also say I kind of miss going
to things and not having that and this
I'm not saying this to people stop
approaching me I don't want that I get
it like I said I was one of those people
and this is not directed towards anyone
that approached me yesterday but it was
moment gesture like all my friends were
dancing and I didn't dance at them
because I was taking pictures of people
are like I couldn't just enjoy myself
because I was taking pictures of people
and I just want to share that with you
solely to express that sometimes people
we don't know a lot about whether it's
the Justin Bieber Selena Gomez's or
whatever like they probably go through
things that you can't understand because
they might just miss doing the normal
things and you might be like oh that's
poor your job whatever it's not part of
your job to go to a friend's wedding and
not be able to enjoy it it's not
people's jobs with their house and have
people show up with our house that's not
part of the job and so I'm not saying
this or any other reason except for the
fact I think is very interesting being
in this space I'm in and seeing how my
life has changed and I still have taken
pitch with you and I'll continue to take
pictures with you but I don't like a
little bit of time I miss just dancing
and stuff and do my thing maybe I'll
write about that because that's an
experience maybe not many people are
familiar with I'm gonna shut up because
that was a long intro take I need to
make a video and do things today we're
making a video editing email stay where
we planning a reshoot and then we're
going for a dinner and a movie a horror
movie with a bunch of my friends which I
cannot wait for because I will
definitely need to do stress at that
point in time okay right all right got
my video idea for today it's my parents
give me last-minute costume ideas and I
was trying to get ideas my mom was like
mom like what are some ideas man geez
and bottoms you three give my mom is so
unlike bottom geez so it's like I was
like you know the bottom she's gonna say
stupid things like oh um having a kid
before marriage or like having a dirty
room or like feeling my mom was like
well it depends if you just feel a class
or tastic I'm een I think everyone has
strengths and weaknesses I'm like you're
so far off from put mg thin seven ways
but I got doing really funny so this is
how me and an ocean communicate with
each other it's called her an ocean
that's word
me and Adam communicate like this also
we sent each other voice notes but I
always like I'm just so weird and I'm
not where I'm like a doing an accent so
I was asking her but like hat we're
going to the movies actually uber which
I do and this is my voice note I thought
it was hilarious if you can understand
what I'm saying and a big up yourself
okay ready me of you oh you plan you
want drive deer or you want we want to
grab our bar because we don't wanna Park
in ting so much thinking should i over
to where you is or should we meet you
there by you bar let me know here I'm a
couple areas I think name appeared
moocher we go on editing right now it is
5:30 and may have to leave at 7 o clock
that's what Taiwan also meant exact same
outfit I wore when I went with chase Shh
already texted and being like yo don't
you dare say a word when you're
responsible you finish your video on
time because you know you need to go out
say like a mixture bird or work first
before I go out and then your Internet's
I stopped working does the story of my
life in this Toronto host my internet
story of my life of my life
all my life I know this is the area this
house is in what it is the internet
never works here I'm changing this blog
channels into the fattest cow on the
planet because how not only do we get
our regular not only doing our regular
ridiculous order but we're an extra
drink on the side cuz the last you're a
Zika straight up you know that is the
popcorn to drink ratio it's important
and we not always finish the drink and
I'm a popcorn laughing there in the milk
and then we sleep yeah and then I mean
the popcorn like and then so we had to
get an extra drink up satellite stopping
the popcorn so they're seen that's why
and then I can be your friend baby no I
haven't I didn't touch my Harrison
Justin baby looks oh boy I don't wash
again I was very there checking out all
day in wash that's not what has been
dead on cuz under the band and there's
like a there's like a strip of crusty
curse Rick I just poured it
this is why we're married yo wheeze at
dinner having a very emotional time
because it's not a call
long story short we'll talk about later
more detail but I got a call basically
saying my reshoot is impossible and
cannot be done because they took the set
down at the YouTube space and they must
communicated that to me so I had to text
everyone canceling
including all the people that I'm fans
of and I can't disclose to you because
now I need to wait 365 days until next
Halloween to do this shoot and I will do
this shoot next year and will be amazing
so this would be another 4th year I've
watching this video and when I seem like
a big deal but this video was super
super important to me and imagine having
done it with all the people you wanted
to do it with and it not turning out the
way you want to do and so now it's not
going to come up
but we're not gonna reshoot it we're
gonna have dinner with these lovely
people and then downloads later that's
the best friends ever what you can't do
this Pacific's of what it was the
episode is this shoot the goal I look at
that to teaching just to teaching right
here she drew a ouija because he just
watching Ouija she's asked me a question
good well Lily's recent shoots be done
better next year he's been better next
year
yeah there's a cool team yeah who needs
quality content when you have quality
friends right they can pay the bill
right ah dance with people convinced I
got lollipop in is ready chase drew this
isn't a pretty
me
John
so random girls
it's a random go yo it doesn't look like
me it's his luscious hair guys does this
look like me cheese heaven does this
look like me I don't have me yeah
definitely nan who dropped me home again
for the second day in a row and I don't
even live anywhere close to her so like
she's being very very sweet we are have
good news and not so great news
the good news is were less than three
thousand subscribers away from 10 about
10 million subscribers which is really
really really cool um the sad news is I
would be lying if I said I'm not
absolutely mother effin devastated at
the fact that my video is not gonna get
done I can't explain it to you I know
this is kind of annoying that I keep
talking about it because you don't know
what I'm talking about but if this video
I want to shoot for many many years and
I shot it in the most ideal way with all
the people I wanted and it was a dream
come true
and it fur and fur to not turn out the
way I wanted because I didn't have
control over some of things than wanting
to reshoot it and now not being able to
reshoot it because of just various
reasons I can't tell you about because
I'd be given the video way is extremely
upsetting to me and I treat like these
projects I'm very passionate about them
and I was just so excited about it and I
feel like a complete and utter failure
for not being able to do it and I sent
massive apology text to everyone that
was involved in it because now even the
original talking be shown I refuse to
let it go out not being the way I want
it to be and I will just wait a year and
do it again next year but I'm just
absolutely devastated and very
heartbroken about it so that's that I
also want to comment on something
earlier in the vlog I know I was talking
about like yesterday and feeling like
you know I just wanted to dance not what
and take pictures and stuff I actually
realized why that is and I wanted to
actually first apologize if that came
across ungrateful I didn't mean it to I
was just genuinely telling you how I
felt and I think I know what it is I
love meeting all of you and I don't mind
genuinely but I think there's a you know
it is I love my job so much and I know
for me to keep doing it I have to be
mentally healthy and sometimes like
always having to take pictures is not
mentally healthy and so I think that's
why it gets to me sometimes because I'm
like no I don't want to be this person
that like always feels like I have to be
on or be unhealthy in that way
and today so while I was dealing with
this video stuff I was like on my phone
and I'm not gonna lie I was almost
crying because I was like so upset about
it and someone approached me like hey
superwoman then I was like yeah and my
voice is like very cracking they're like
what's only Boise I'm like I'm just
dealing with like some like dramatic
work stuff and they were like oh can
take a picture and I was like okay and
then the to picture my talking like
coming out was a snapchat to now and I'm
like do you care at all then I just said
I'm doing and I think that's what it is
it's that if I'm like it's that level of
just like not caring what state I'm in
are not caring what I'm doing or not
being considered that's what a little
bit makes me feel like I don't want to
have to fake like that's okay because I
still want to be treated like a human
and so I think now I'm just gonna being
honest about that like I'm doing
something but I can I don't mind taking
a picture with you at all like it's
gonna be after I'm done doing this thing
or it's gonna be later at a more
appropriate time because I don't want to
be when those be less fake and then
explodes one day cuz she goes crazy like
I want to do that he's gonna be honest
with you and I would like to say when I
have meet and greets and things I you've
ever met me in person to meet agree you
hopefully can vouch for the fact as well
that I give three thousand percent at a
meet-and-greet or on stage because
that's the time designated for my fans
but that time can't be at personal
parties it can't be at my house it can't
be at a hotel
it can't be when I'm trying to just turn
off because it's necessary sometimes so
that's what I met and I hope you didn't
take it the wrong way when I said
earlier but long story short because I
made another three-minute clip now I am
extremely definite I'm gonna be like
mourning for like a week over this I'm
so heartbroken extremely heartbroken
president because with us in three
thousand subscribers Oh from ten million
and that's the positive we should be
paying attention to I also got a pack
all this hot mess stuff it is 142 a.m.
my flight is at 10 a.m. and I'm leaving
at 8 a.m. so oh you're killing the game
done done editing done the time is 313
a.m. I am going to do a little bit of
work go through some emails then go to
sleep because I gotta wake up at 8 but I
can sleep on the plane as well so I
might end the vlog here well not here
but almost here
thank you for joining me on an emotional
rollercoaster of a day it's okay
focus on the pauses cuz my parents lost
by focus on the positives that's we're
gonna do we're flying back to California
I'm really excited to be back in the
sunshine and get back to being
absolutely productive and I'm very glad
you're on this journey with me
and humbly apologize if I offended
anyone but I love you
Oh
