hey gloves are not allowed me
touchscreen I woke up at 8:45 a.m. to
finish writing the script Who am I
responsible adult good morning good
afternoon good evening welcome to Lily's
sake vlogs I'm off to a great start
today we're shooting two videos only
woke up with one script done so I was
like okay okay I'm gonna wake up single
digit and get this issue done and I just
finished it pat on the back very good
writing script did it shoot video one
shoot video to go through my inbox watch
a movie I deserve it live my best life
and you're here with me Oh tell me one
of those days where I'm just like
everyone always is like you are you on
drugs all the time like not I'm just
naturally born this way I'll have to do
drugs I'm drunk by nature truly Real
Talk though that's one of the biggest
benefits from ever being sad in life
when I was so sad in life I feel like
that's why now when I wake up I'm just
so like grateful to be alive
everything has a beautiful silver lining
Taylor you'll get a raise Tony you get a
raise you you need better fashion sense
I'll give you $3 I promise I haven't
been bad
I've heard you've been a bad girl thank
you you speak Vietnamese I do
oh my god can you say hello to all my
Vietnamese fans say hello how are you
Vietnamese team super yoga Bangkok team
super can you say that I hope I get to
meet them one day mom Qaeda Lily Moon
Moon got my back or I'm gonna melt it
you said my lovely moon got my bang core
team super Naima taking out a cubic
number taking either tie what do you say
that sounded long Lily hopes in me
everyone don't know when that time will
come but when it comes it will can you
make them say that I'm really happy
today ah Lily hum naive Lily toiling
them sick okay so I'm turning into
Sailor Moon and if you like I'm a porn
star literally important sir that's
what's happening right now gloves are
not allowed music screen
I present to you a snake eating a snake
you can't even how'd you know my fetish
Sailor Jupiter which means I have a big
spot for you look at that bow bring
daddy that present did you just find
nothing like to lose a day I think I'm
dead I stopped trying so hard inside
it's like so a lot of my fans think
you're hot Taylor what do you think
about that I have no comment a lot of my
fans are commenting being like Taylor is
not even cute he's hot hot right now
you're like sriracha sauce your face
matches my the walls right now you know
why because you're white and you turn
red even though my walls are pink no I'm
zooming in on you it's still going look
at those dimples
oh my god Taylor that adorable smile so
endearing and you have good fashion
sense
oh my god Taylor Taylor isn't Taylor so
good-looking
so hot so now say to me Tamizh know what
oh you bother
how you use connect you how to follow
your net net huh neck huh
how to follow your neck huh how to
follow your neck huh here's the truth
back in the past six videos the pattern
when you spin it I have apparently three
times yeah
and I asked for Dan great release they
released my video did super 60 shot two
videos just saw today was I lied today
with love my team held it down it's so
cool to shoot two videos it's tiring his
health and for the rest of the week I'm
like also my parents are coming this
week and I am trying to do my emotions
well the here's my time with them so we
did oh my god did a load of laundry give
me some points the way I am tired right
now it's not even 11:00 p.m. yeah I'm
about to go to bed I woke up a 45 and
killed the game today just like yes god
you're my Rand paper because I use it
for my laughter what is my life even
let's see how we did today
my pimple as soon as a little done my
skin's gonna be fire so said my parents
are coming soon so I gotta clean the
house and well things so when they
arrived I'm like no no I'm an adult that
has everything under wraps all the time
not even just because you're coming
already nice all the time stuff I tell
them and they fell in love with my new
video game and check it out Etha links
in the description I will see you
tomorrow
my little love bugs mm-hmm if you like
it subscribe if you like it that's good
you're all so small ting game my parents
live I'm trying I'm gonna get them to
bring my fun girl outfits and you
already know fan this is some fun girl
of video so if you ain't subscribe to my
main channel yet what you waiting for
it's about to be lit and amazing and I'm
tired I'm saying
