hello I'm gonna want me
and I'm gonna keep complaining about the
weather because I just cannot wake up
every room I wake up and it's pitch dark
even though it's daylight I don't know
if you can tell but it is so since I've
landed gloomy rainy it's like I think
Toronto is dressing up like London for
Halloween like that's what I feel like
because it's weather is like London
weather it is I just can't I can't deal
with it and this morning has been a bit
rough because this was the room I slept
in the curtains are open right now
that's hard work it is and I'm frazzled
it's like every other morning but
because my nail keeps getting cotton
things and look at this is status of it
and it's still attached and it hurts so
much and every time I do anything gets
caught in something and I scream every
single time I need to go to our store
right now my calendar is another thing
that I Cal does is when I come from LA
to Toronto all my meetings like some of
them switch timezones some of them don't
so I never actually know the time of any
of my meetings and everything it's
double booked and so it's like not the
greatest but first things first is I
need to not complain because you have
much to be grateful for I'm to leave you
because I'm late but I need to rip this
off because there's no way I'll be able
to change my clothes without screaming
again so be Irie okay okay you don't
want to watch this forward forward if
you don't want to watch it I'm warning
you right now like still attached oh my
god it hurt so much okay okay I just not
do it I'm gonna count to three I'm just
going to do it right I'm just gonna do
it okay
I'm just gonna do it right right right
Billie had me out here okay all right oh
you're scared of things in life you just
count to three and you get them done
well you just never counted okay ready
okay ready ready that's ready I'm
usually not this scared but I can see
how much a good chef does not resume at
okay ready 1 2 3
it must be really attached at that one
bar okay we're going to try one more
time
Oh God okay we're gonna try one more
time and I was really hanging by a
thread
oh geez oh geez oh geez okay ready
and you can't baud cover breakfast okay
right one it's gonna rip it right just
rip it okay one two three
damn you nail damn you
good morning
Elmer's one of my favorite people on the
planet why cuz I roll into store aside
the fashions we've been here before
I got this dope nice clothes you that
are like white a F this is Indian
clothes and this is the thing I like to
do things like minimal effort because I
don't have that much time I'll walk in
homer's like y'all got to well for you
boom boom and two times in a row and I
was when the first outfit he said that I
felt like out of all these he picks one
and it fits in perfectly and so what I
like and he just knows it and so this
whole process takes seven minutes so I
borrow I hear y'all my broad takes care
of me elf it's sick I like it we dope we
have to watch on Sunday this is good and
it's a good one he's a good one he's a
good one what's your address again 25 75
steel seven yeah I'm not gonna be here
so you can't meet me so don't try to
pull a sly one but if you want some tow
clothes i'm robi here you can get it
from him okay good
and you also bought me a bagel you'll
look at this also another thing for you
Americans or other such people of the
world Indians or Jamaicans wherever you
let me adopt amis it's called ice cap
this single-handedly was the reason
Canada's best
that in justin trudeau okay straight up
you're my baby brother he has my back he
is my back yo
he always hold it down never want
anything returned he's just like so like
on point if you're in love and got me
breakfast just I loved that boy I love
him now we're heading to an appointment
in the middle my appointment have a call
and these are all things that are
happening and this is the weather he'll
inspire you notice okay when I was
driving at a moment myself I'm like
Louie you're being strong grateful you
just came back from Kenya people don't
even have electricity and you're
complaining how dim your room is even
you have electricity so I would like to
formally apologize researcher ungrateful
brat I think it's just that and it's one
of those things I talk about in my book
as well one of the bad qualities about
let's have a serious conversation we
want the bad qualities about humans is
that we get used to things and when they
become familiar we become ungrateful so
because I'm so used to California and a
certain way of living now to come here
my go my go to get weird can't have as a
valid couldn't valid that's valid but
it's still not valid enough to complain
because the people in the world don't
have any of this so we need to remind
ourselves of this in these moments so
I'm very grateful for the rain thank you
this place in the world that would love
to have the rain love to be in a car
love to have all these things we're
gonna shut up when we pause and
regretful Lego also we have like ice
caps oh really Hoth was really wrong in
the world oh we talked in my appointment
ran a little bit late so now I am late I
gotta go home cuz Chase is like I'm
gonna be there at 6:00 you gotta leave
at 6:00 and 538 and I lived like 30 mins
away and I'm not ready and I didn't
watch my makeup Minister day and all
these bad things are happening but it's
okay because we're good and I don't know
where he's taking me but Chase is really
really thoughtful so I'm certainly a lot
of fun when we get home and fix new
shoes you're wearing
first of all I would like to say I just
curled my eyelashes and didn't Massacre
and a moving vehicle also I filled my
eyebrows so I might really have one and
a half a brows I can't I can't tell
there's no light but I do
I fix my hair JCC look at you I'll get
the spine so pretty so chase ya bloopers
like those guys with me
Jace's yeah and I don't know what you
sent oh my god Mike this that can't
explain to them why I talk like this I
don't know why I do we do this accent
and I don't know what accent is again
it's like I think it started with a mix
of like tibia slash like it is smiley
smiley okay cool cool cool I don't know
she's taking me but like I mentioned
chase very thoughtful I'm sure he's
planned various things I bought over the
top as he usually does we're really
keeping a kind of chill yeah and he
knows because I don't want to dress up
you see that's good that's good I'm
gonna just quickly braid my hair and
then hop to see the Wizard
or maybe I don't know trapeze me that
was it chief says chase this under a
rock first of all have you did not hear
the internet got hacked today like the
internet and all my American friends
were like a struggling Santa websites
and I was here in Canada like you didn't
know a group of hackers hacked the
Internet today Twitter was down
Nashville down CNN was down with all the
massive websites were down in America
and they like hacked the legit like some
place and record enough Internet they
couldn't access Internet at all kid
house
that does not make me feel sick I know
it's crazy it was all over the radio
news how'd you know your mother's just
didn't see it okay took a great ok
please number one this is gonna be a hot
mess because we are at an escape route
I've never done one you have probably
yeah I've done one yeah I want Jason I
was probably arguing the whole time but
you don't work together through T Mars
we'll see but I'm gonna put you in this
box and then I can take you with me so
stay tuned that was so much fun no we
failed miserably we had 45 minutes there
was three rooms it was really hot
there's like intense math involved I was
like whoa but it was like scary chase is
like scared cuz it's like dark and it
was like it was an attic yeah it was an
addict in there's three separate rooms
but everywhere and there's blood
everyone's really cool though I had a
lot of fun I like want to do this every
weekend it's a very fun it's so fun
it's great detect yeah I feel like and I
was using mad walking dead skills like I
wish I could do something hand the
flashlight was in my mouth I was like
you ought to seen this on The Walking
Dead I know how this goes oh so much fun
I'm gonna take like the business team
and some team building a little bit
thanks Jase oh my god in just two more
places three three more places oh my god
see chase always goes above me on his
best that's that that's how I can deal
with is annoying personality because you
guys fix it I am I'll show someone okay
walk into the elevator and James at a
heart attack chases on edge right now
I'm scared of the dark okay I scream
jerk yeah don't know it's a shame since
your personality it's a duck
that's very that's very fun I've never
escape room Thank You chase else fun I
like it so I dismissed all shameful TV
basically chasing through a bunch of
dark places to kill me we're getting one
these bold and tell me or this huge goal
alcohol it's like Hawaiian themes like a
volcano drug and they have this chanting
that Tiki Room the Tiki Room is really
cool
we ordered this is a drink this is and
they have these curly straws
I'm a dad I have an empty stomach
really good
okay
mr. Ian Dean what is that
so clearly chase knows we're about way
more about the city than I do not even
know these places even existed so I know
the whole time we're still talking about
the damn escape we were like wait how
did that happen if her body was there we
had to forgotten history with dead
bodies and I'll soon be on my mind
forever because the two clues they gave
us don't add up yet they don't add up
yeah I just people wouldn't be able to
get them without help yeah the success
rate of that room was 15% also 1/5 and
now I'm just like I need to go back I
don't know I can't wrote the dead bodies
hello how solving the mysteries with the
dead bodies chase you're climbing up the
ladder of the two friends I have right
now my mistake do this play stop snakes
and lattes and you basically eat good
food and drink it's like workin the
thing packed work can you gain for us to
destroy a turret wall of board games and
someone came over here and taught us how
to play the game I'm a DJ he's not with
us sometimes when I play
he's like hundreds of board games so
cool this is just the coolest thing ever
like
yes please hi oh my god I had so much
fun she is such a sweetheart he planned
like the perfect for back-to-back things
because he always asked me like to go
places and I'm always like such a
workaholic we know and on time on time
music he'll didn't give me any of your
birthday and do it a rest day and took
him to all these places like sometimes
people take you up they take the take
you watch place that they like but he
like took me off all these places I'm
not he knew I wouldn't go my on my own
with the escape room I've been saying
forever I've never gone I told my go to
the board game place I never went and so
it's really really nice what a
sweetheart I wish I had logged in the
escape room but it was like so dark and
I wanted just like joy it but it was it
so freakin cool oh yeah sweetheart had
such a good time and like a part of me I
feel like got rebirth because I was like
oh this is what it feels like to just
like be out and like to fun things that
aren't work it's very interesting cuz
you guys go to like a movie or something
but like to do adventurous stuff is very
cool so at a good time I'm going to
shower because I'm freezing cold and
then I'm gonna possibly some veggie
lasagna even though involved just
because I want but you lose honor
because warming and cheesy and gooey and
and Hardy and my sister is actually
staying over with her kids so that Red
Room is they were sleeping in the bed so
now I have to clear this if I want to
see my clear timing to throw it on for
so yeah that's today oh my god is so
cold be lying if I said I can't wait to
go back to California I'm gonna go to
bed I'm not going to toilet talk because
my sister's room is near the washroom
now I want to wake up the kids so
pretend this was a toilet time thank you
for joining me on today a lot of fun
stuff happened today this for I am still
gonna eat that lasagna and I'm gonna
make sweet sweet love do it all over
again
then I go to bed tomorrow is a whole day
dedicated
keep burping and hiccuping tomorrow's a
whole day dedicated to reviewing the
edited manuscript of my book so I can
make any last minute changes any larger
changes just basically to read and work
on that so tomorrow I'm dedicating the
whole day to that and hopefully the sun
is shining at some point tomorrow that
would be swell just saying uh yeah
bigger bed thank you came in today will
be a great day and other surprises love
you so much
it'll break it subscribe if you liked it
subscribe it's like a B we see you from
across the room intimate up mmm no often
mashed up boom bar right there hey I was
to rate you at a 10-year big 20 so this
is this is why so many guys always lined
up outside my house because of my my
sexy talk
that's what you so damn cheesy Nam say
good you which are layers I could peel
away your layers and make love all the
way inside you yeah my mama will be
gentle come on BJ no here we go
