yeah I know there's an angel in my
apartment
so I just want like an hour ago and I'm
but you the best YouTube video on the
face of the planet are you ready for
this in this video I have been asked and
what Jackson was like yo you might be in
this video I'm like what's the video I
was like wait 1 we do this it and like
eat Chipotle and I'm like sign me up
love F and three times what do you mean
this is the best thing ever so I would
eat fully with this angel face right
here though see they don't know who this
is first of all stop second of all she
has the commas comest energy unlike me
where my she's like hello to the
chipotle chili leave it or not I'm
actually very good at eating Chipotle
burrito apparently she can you totally
really really fast
I'm a bit stressed because to him faster
than this this handsome guy over here ah
look at this head guy over here what
British TV it's really really fast and I
don't think I can get it fast I know I
can get a lot of it I don't know what
fast we're gonna find out but um I mean
I'm not opposed to shooting this
challenge three four times we need to on
different days just saying
Madi such a sweetheart I think she's so
funny and she's so sweet
um hey it's gonna be a great day I'm
feeling great I think you should be
feeling great feeling energy do feel and
just energy have a great day
that's brewing right now and her husband
is so sweet you use this wire and like
did this back up so neat and sweet I
appreciate that
um I just when she's Maddy I wanna share
another collaboration later on today and
gonna get some work done it is Sunday so
I want to rejuvenate a little bit I got
a vacuum I got a sweep I gotta clean my
washroom DOS do a little bit of
rejuvenation Wow feeling good I'm not
gonna light this shirt I don't know
whose it is someone left it at my house
during my birthday party I feel like
it's Bethany's I'm not sure either way
I'm wearing it but whoever's it is they
smell great
I will never get sick of that man's
voice never ever ever ever ever I feel
so blessed to have his voice as my
friend I finished cleaning my washing
that washer my sweep
feeling good I'm being productive I'm in
my zone today I'm not gonna have myself
too much because we know every time I
say I'm in the zone I end up watching
like 17 hours of TV so I'm saying
currently I'm in the zone
stand by for Moores onus it's so hot I
love it I feel it myself
I feel like thing bass house right now
having some romantic time my bed look at
my hey mom buddy of yours ahead yeah
we've been like hanging we watched the
sunset we did it was really nice
actually like I know we're kind of
joking I was like actually really nice
he had like deep conversation and and I
just want to say but this girl's amazing
because I was I was like snapchatting
the sunset and she goes put your phone
down and be in the moment right now and
I was like so Bristlecone real talk like
that's a real friend to be like put your
phone down and I was like okay and I put
my phone down and we just watch the
sunset and talked and like had a motion
yeah amazing who's gonna be some good
proper motion yeah we still need to eat
ice cream also yeah I didn't just buy
the ice cream the line is it brought me
ice cream and flowers and wine would you
have not cracked open but I'm on Nitza
so I know you did yeah you're right best
meal ever
I bought pizza so like that was my
contribution to her fridge and I think
we're shooting by the way I told you
before we don't remember here's bag off
October 14th oh my god no so good
impression don't bring I know I do I do
it a lot of speeches actually I do one
little round a thing because obviously
you're my baby I don't people know I
have like attachment shoes um but but
October 14th and there's a SSS yeah I'm
really excited like I'm literally
booking off at a fast kaboom lava Dave
I'm booking off that day to watch all
eight episodes yeah I'm too excited
sited and the premieres on Tuesday and
I'm gonna wear a Miranda shirt I was
like I don't have to pick one out so I
have my Miranda closet oh my god we have
all these shirts up here oh my god this
Merck some oh look at all this swag
around my kid sure loves it is zo
horrendous story about this please do
tell
so this was my dad's shirt I was in
London it was the first time I went to
London as Miranda like eight years ago
and I didn't have him randyll shirt and
my dad took the shirt off his back and
gave it to me and then I stole it and I
kept it forever and then the streamys
last year I bedazzled it and I wore this
on the red carpet where my dad Cheryl my
god Manjeet my dad character would rock
this oh this is so much I'd like a
hundred - why does my father and Manjeet
wear the same exact where's he's having
fun I'm not gonna like walking him does
a little bit horrified as soon as
because I wasn't expecting all of this
but this is the oh my god that's a
public I am horrified literally
horrified but I am look this is exactly
like you I would just like to say I know
the artwork is amazing
from these cutie-patootie oh my god we
actually had a deep conversation about
how much we love you
yes actually dad like we have a do-over
station on emotion about like our
audience events and amazing dessert
that's 100% to can go shoot some stuff
Nick also less than a thousand away from
7 million subscribers - things to say
I'm just like holding my own I'm not
gonna ask too many questions but I just
wanted to point out that there's
handcuffs here and I'm not going to ask
any out in fact there's many handcuffs
no if you ask me a question I wouldn't
tell you the answer oh my god that
transformation this is you guys get
calling so I mean Miranda some dope
stuff I'm like you got some dope fan
gifts these are really cool they're the
best oh my god I had the same head
massager it's the best you ever use that
okay so how did you do it so fast
oh she washed it to seven seconds ago
when talking about
are you Keaney literally my heart is
like you know when you see someone you
love that's all my heart's doing right
now you're like like I just am in love
that was pretty epic that the camera
went on me and I was going around and it
was I was nuts this is how people feel
women geez and bottom teeth oh my god
this is how you feel this is crazy I am
a waist you on the way home I was like
on your way home you're gonna stop and
go grocery shopping and I think oh I
forgot what's wrong with me but it's you
stay out of this okay what is wrong with
me yeah it was just so nice to spend
time with Colleen her family is
wonderful I'm in love with her family
when I see her um I'm so pleasant and we
pizza and had ice cream it was great um
and not it's 10:00 North 11:05 and
technically I should be making a video
because tomorrow I have an all-day shoe
when I say all day I mean like 8:00 a.m.
to like midnight probably so I need to
make a video I should be making a video
and I have a few other things to do I
just went through my emails but I'm
debating if I should go grocery shopping
I know what can wait it's not I've
washed my hair - you know I should wash
my hair cuz then my hair will need to
dry ya know right right
hey everybody yeah rock your body yeah
everybody here rock your body right
backstreet's back alright don't don't
have a song so come head running we have
no idea why but which no I'm mad about
it backstreet's always by matching of a
left yeah I mean um I finish washing my
hair as you can see obviously and it is
about midnight I have a shoot tomorrow
my call time is 9 which means have to
leave my house at 8 which means after
wake up like 7:30 so in 7 a half hours
so I'm debating to a while I'm in bed
right my video and then find some time
tomorrow maybe during lunch we're gonna
come back to shoot it because
realistically I won't be able to write
put on my makeup and shoot my video
because I'm going to be dead for
tomorrow and tomorrow's like a really
really long shoots I don't wanna do that
I'm sorry this thing is the way that's
I'm think about right now but friends we
go drink some water got it Chuck thank
you for joining me on today's such a
great day filled with so many wonderful
people clap with Maddie collabed with
Colleen I just great adel our chipotle
um it was a good take it was a good day
i am going to lie in bed do some work
and then fall asleep and tomorrow's
inside day tomorrow me where those days
where again it's a secret shoots i don't
know how much i can vlog but I'm gonna
try my best to vlog but don't be mad at
me okay
Thomas for dry spot here no probably
bindi
um yeah tell ember I'm in little bed
hope you had a great day tomorrow we
gonna hustle hustle hustle hustle hustle
you know why because we're blessed and
we have opportunities we've been placed
in position and environment where we can
hustle thus we should hustle to the best
of our ability for those who are not
able to have the opportunities we have
that is why so we gonna keep doing it if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe so many secrets oh my
right now we're doing it here makeup
test my hair when we try to get as big
as possible why y'all never know until
later when I tell you bye
