I'm a smurf
good afternoon I slept in again today
because I woke up again with a killer
migraine but it's kind of gone right now
and I think we're gonna be fine for the
rest of day one a massage it out stretch
it out
Kyle's really good at giving two-second
massages so I might be like Kyle I am
all packed up I'm ready to go to the
venue to do rehearsals and then I'm
staying downtown overnight for we day
which is tomorrow um we're not annoyed
about the video from yesterday it's okay
it's okay
but we're gonna make this a productive
day a positive day admittedly I'm still
a little bit like flustered I'll come to
a conclusion honest awareness is this
environment is very tough to work in and
when you manage to live here you think
the same thing like this way too much
stuff on the desk is way too many things
in the room so instead of complaining
about over and over again because every
time I come to Toronto I feel the exact
same stress some point over the weekend
before I leave tomorrow again I'm going
to completely get rid of the crap in
this room so that the next time I come
back to Toronto there's a clean desk and
there somewhere I can work with like
this familiar feeling of stress is
always here when I come to Toronto like
tripping over my suitcase like tripods
angles and stuff that's just not
suitable for work so we're gonna fix
that instead of complain problem-solving
over complaining here we go we need a
table on know what sauce it's gonna be
sick it's pretty much the same stage
good horrible what I've had a headache
for two days I know I couldn't go I am
but it's gonna all go away it's not
gonna be fine soon be fine the food is
yeah yeah yeah leave is chase to make
the face excited excited
what's our song
I am signing rafiki's because I signed
the first 50 and they're available every
day so Toronto tomorrow and Vancouver
which is on the 3rd of November on the
3rd of November so we're also signing
after that the city's Oh for all the
things that even the ones I'm up in the
air yeah oh wow so every reader you go
to wait how many things Amazon every
Cydia you go to the first 50 people to
buy our thick you will get a signed one
like that so every day bring $15 you
want a girl over Vicky yeah yeah me hi
filled with performance I'm feeling
fantastic and wonderful yeah we had some
sound issues with the headset but that's
like a regular thing for a secure yeah
that's a big venue yeah it's a big venue
this week this is where Drake does his
concert look everywhere those there cuz
yeah we perform in last two places
rating photos ham theatre NACC
catch another oh you mean I'm humbly a
student compared to Juicy J what you
mean possibly a girlfriend anyways oh
we've been good that's it again some
practicing we're gonna make sure my ear
and pack mic pack does not follow that's
not gonna happen
you've learned our lessons war drama no
wardrobe Memphis nothing everything is
going to be on with Evan point and as we
don't have a massage booked we're going
back to my hotel I'm gonna solve that
problem I was talking I was talking
earlier how I'm not complaining no more
cuz yesterday my blog I complained a lot
like nobody complaining problem solving
is happening good on my answer room
I won't even wash out today brought it
up really yeah he's like that was a real
Instagram pose what did you post I drop
another tumble the poor what do you mean
because that is not dropping knowledge
though you like to shade a data company
while you're gonna keep windmill the
wheeler in the theater
oh here it is here it is what is they
try saying nothing negative for 24 hours
straight and watch your life change
it makes a difference your thoughts
paint your life
I bi bi snapchat filter those I don't
know this dance move by the way that
they always do it said it makes I the
beat and now you know so now you know
makes like I fly well you should tell me
how I and then stop it there and be a
bit like from you elbows it's like then
another way the red hats just right in
there there to take pictures I'm not
great at drinking water I'm not gonna
lie we just found a lick hidden hidden
talent after the machine Shaggy and Elmo
very well not probably mouth uh-huh
by the way my miss lash I just had was
amazing so good my neck is a good new
neck oh yeah who first I know this could
do Elmo first that was that no my boy
cigar now you put into it measure me to
shagging what tinkle share you mmm
the lava lava mmm I call me mister boom
a stick man lip on the stick I think you
can your Mickey Mouse if you can do Elmo
he can do make this is how you put on a
face mask like and then you have this
guy who is just rubbing things on do it
and this one I think I don't have enough
on it's supposed to harden I don't you
hot messes
I don't even then you rub and pick it
off Mars you're not fine enough
you're not putting to the book compared
Blue Man Group with them becoming more
what up what up fix my eyebrows got rid
of my mustache lookin all fresh and so
clean the fan yer okay so this portion
has a heated floor so floor so super hot
I love this and made for me tae-suhk
will a fan there but thank you for
joining me today I'm so excited but we
date why I'm so excited performing it is
gonna be broadcasted on TV later in like
a month or so but I'm doing a speech I
am performing and then in the evening
they're doing greeting again for like
family and stuff like that and I'm doing
a speech against those two speeches one
performance a super long day I have to
wake up at I ready for this 4:45 a.m.
yeah a little bit of a situation so I
better go to sleep cuz like 12 right now
so I get like 4 hours and for that me to
sleep all good though I'm gonna go to
bed I hope you had a stupendous day and
tomorrow is gonna be great I'm so glad
to get to join me oh if you like it
subscribe also I know you guys have this
team clean thing on Twitter it's a very
adorable and she were just talking about
I'm going through them so let me so much
if you like it subscribe never sprint
against a little better than us we're
gonna do better I think I need to like
get out of the house and like do
something
I told myself early I walk to the
supermarket to my pasta oh no I'm s
analogous yeah we're just moving I
already feel weak oh I love you you're
my medicine no she meant medicine Peter
all he notice butters Laird is Oh fry No
