I'm not having fun
good morning good afternoon okay first
of all Shh I have a migraine what else
is new I woke up at like 2:00 something
because the jet lag ish and the weather
outside there's no Sun I don't
understand why Toronto is doing this
Toronto's acting like London right now
it's rainy and gloomy and my rooms it's
not dark my room is like all the rooms
are the start because it's so look with
us it's just really bad um I woke up
with the killer migraine I tried to eat
breakfast but I still have to stop
buzzing to puke as wash my hair I'll lie
down for a bit
I have a lot of things to do today so I
cannot be unproductive all day but I
literally am one minute away from puking
my life up I just want to start my vlog
and tell you that lily has a migraine
the day is not starting off great we're
gonna turn it around as soon as we're
able here we go oh look I'm in a haunted
house oh look a haunted house okay so
6:00 p.m.
it's little brighter outside and manage
to eat still kind of like puking but I
managed to eat and go through my emails
get some work done and maybe stretch
maybe I need a good stretch as well my
body's a little bit it's the change of
climate the playing all these things you
should do some water and honey so my
voice that's bad all not not the best
start like we said but we're gonna we're
gonna finish strong is what we're gonna
do
so I just thought a dog outside on my
lawn with the dogs that were in her
sweater so I'm like clearly someone owns
this dog and maybe the dogs lost I
should help his dog someone watching it
and I'm like there's no owner nearby so
I go outside and I'm like try to get
this dog it's like her and I was like
okay Duke but my mom came outside and
she's like it's not my neighbor's with
his next neighbors and they just like
always let their dog out without a leash
and I'm just like cute little dog we're
anything but thank God because I would
have like I thought maybe it's a lost
dog I was gonna try to get in a good
collar like return it dog was like a
full way from me cinema okay
okay i'ma go back I said work on my
super mundane video you pee on my line
you do what you need to do okay look at
this pretty lady
well I'm showing the funny story so I
always
for my mom because I believe she eats
things at very specific times like if
she's eating almonds I'll know that it's
the time of the day to eat all films
again so my mom just took a handful
skittles and was like you're eating
skittles there mom you just need sweet
things and she's like her exact answer
was yeah to skittles every day after
dinner I'm too scared on but she's a
solid guy I had a whole like whole
cookie from tomorrow a whole whole
cookie would hear murder
oh my god and then she's like sometimes
I have four four skittles
oh my god oh my god do you ever have
more than four
yes I'm to me one of those Smarties the
Halloween when the saw shock is so bad
I'm gonna think of a video idea I know
she wants to go to a movie that for me
to go I have to finish my video in two
and a half hours okay guys give her some
idea they did already did it I don't
know I just don't
my neck feels bad today so I don't won't
do anything take a break then never
never be a spider Oh struggle and a half
since sitting here for like hours my
head feels so heavy and I don't want to
make a video um I'm debating I keep
wanting to lie down and I feel nauseous
it's so weird the medicine is not really
working my shoulders feel I'm like an
old person the shoulders feel like
they're 100 pounds my headaches not
completely gone to you super help me I
don't know what's happening don't feel
good Wever nothing like all day
man times 8:30 my goal is to be done by
10 so I go to see a movie with nan who
I've done nothing
a part of me is like just go see the
movie and shadow but don't do this and
do this after because technically it's
5:30 in LA I don't know I'm like trying
look I'm trying to write it I have some
of them written but I just
every time I state I look at the screen
and sit here
my head's like stop it sob sob sob as
daba daba daba slaps table at my house
smells nice I wash my hair Schmidt it
she's met it she I know we're
complaining no she's coming over it is 9
I'm not going to try to look at my
laptop everything it's the light of my
laptop
the piercing my eyeballs I don't know
we're gonna figure it out but then I
question is the movie if we go to movies
in her mad also I don't know what it is
I'm gonna stop biessing I'm gonna stop
staring at this laptop I've been sitting
in this spot for two hours forcing
myself to do cinema no I'm freaking
chill out live my life right now and
figure this out later on that feel like
puking more skittles that'll help
okay let's talk because it's something's
on my mind is bothering me I talk about
it feel better about it so um I just got
my mom to massage tiger balm into my
neck and so it's all I see cool and so
it's like nice but I feel guilty for not
working right now and I want to talk
about that and are you probably all
rolling your eyes like really shut up
it's not a big deal it's just a video
I've even decided I might still make a
video when I come home I'm just choosing
to not sit there and force myself to
make one right now because I don't every
time I send my computer my shoulders
like tense up and I'm trying to lie down
it's just not an enjoyable situation and
I want to enjoy making videos and so I
talked about this a few vlogs ago but it
is becoming increasingly harder for me
to make videos by myself I you know some
people would just make one a week and
just I don't do any of that I like my
two videos a week and I'm not going to
change that but it's becoming hard like
when I travel and when I'm doing
different place that I'm in a different
like I'm in my house in Toronto like
sometimes if I need is in LA it's just
like it's just difficult to do things
the day of you know like work on a video
on Monday for Monday and I've talked
about a few blogs go behind her team and
I'm in the process of trying to do that
and I've had the meetings I'm trying to
someone's like help me edit a little bit
help me produce things a little bit
still my ideas and still my my comedy
and my creatives and stuff but just more
hands on deck to help me do things and
so I'm just going to kindly ask for a
bit of your patience until I get that
all sorted out because it's just a lot
it's a lot to do the videos the day of
especially when I just traveled and just
like and I feel really lame saying that
because I feel like it sounds so
ungrateful like hey my job is awesome
and I get to do cool things like I'm not
I think that's why I'm such a workaholic
it's because I know how awesome my job
is yeah I don't take that for granted I
don't want to just do nothing all day in
black haunts okay I have videos online
anyways no when I stick to my schedules
I hope he's going to give a pass I might
still make a video when I come home but
just give you a heads up be a little bit
patient with me until I figure out my
team because I think I've reached the
peak of being able to do things by
myself none of the ideas I think of
these days are possible for me to do
want to tripod by myself and they're
just bigger better ideas because that's
how my brain is evolving and I kind of
like moving all this to stand there
right and I just can you in Nice can't
even right now but um I'm gonna take a
little bit easy for the next few hours
and then hopefully get back into work
mode but I just want to get that out
because I love you and I felt guilty I
don't want to say it and I will conclude
by saying I know when you look at your
favorite creator I'm actually am I going
to talk about the crate and talk about
myself I want you to know that a lot of
things I do that it takes a lot of
effort in time and so even though just a
video like I it's it's hard to like
write a script and rest I had a video
and perfect it and recorded and edited
one day and so I need to make a better
schedule and so thank you for your
patience as far and that's why I always
feel guilty I just want to explain to
you now I'm gonna shut up by stop
talking now okay bye
I instantly feel better all I needed was
a no shoes energy I swear to God I feel
better I think I need to like get out of
the house and like do something yeah
and I told myself really I walk to the
supermarket to buy pasta with all of our
methods we are mapping we're not just
moving I already feel reason I love you
you're my message
oh we're didn't a tap I know she met
medicine Peter all the time you know
this butters layered us over I know that
was pretty good
a lie we ate a lot of the popcorn also
we've almost fished a lot born your
like you're like yeah babe it was good
also you know you made in life on the
last day in the theater later because
there's a Berlin fans because yeah
because usually they kick us out but
they're like no it's okay just a says
we're like 30 40 minutes till movie
ended we output I'm off oh this way well
I'm gonna pee myself okay go go go pal
okay go pee gan-chan is really good I
feel rejuvenated but during the movie my
head started hurting in I don't where it
is I need Arthur I need a massage I know
what it is and just a very specific
thing don't make fun of me but when I
sit on the left side of a plane I've
noticed I always get migraines because
the left side of my head and my neck
always hurt so when I sit on the left
nut to do that it always hurts so I just
rice on the right of the plane but this
time there was no right side tickets so
this is all me just being a brat and
complaining to you but the movie was
good I'm gonna go home I'm gonna still
do some work because I'm not sleepy I
got rejuvenated by nanny so yeah making
an entrance
festival week speaking of festival week
my showers give me a wee day I'm so
excited
back home here's one a.m. let's do this
video I'm committed I have every
intention to this video so head listen
to me head don't you f with me k we're
doing this video I spit in your face
it's 2:00 a.m. my head is kind of
hurting but not hurting enough to stop
me I finish writing my script mother sat
on my camera I'll do my makeup this
video will come out it will happen super
Monday will be a thing I'm rejuvenated I
was not feeling well earlier but I will
persevere now because that's what we do
throughout the day we improve and we
evolve
okay us so that's never gonna change is
how scrappy I am I don't know how this
ring light goes on this
I haven't even figured out so I've
literally taped it like on to this I
don't know I'm just making it up as I go
along and open for the best I am so
pissed off right now because I pretty
much finished my video and then my
camera randomly turned off and now the
files are all corrupted which means I
have to record the video again do you
know how annoying that is for me right
now because I I did so well I was even
recording I was like holy crap I'm doing
so well in this video I don't know why
my camera to turn off I don't know why
now
I'm doing something I've done many times
in my life buying cloth soft word see if
I can repair this corrupted file this is
my current status it's 3:00 a.m. I mean
finishing the rest my video cuz memory
cards at the computer now getting
scanned so I can't even do that
yay all right well I spend like $100 in
software now and I managed to get half
of the fought footage but it's still
corrupted because audio is effed up and
I do not want to record this again I am
so mother effing annoyed right now
I'm so annoyed I want to cry I'm so
annoyed that I persevered and of all
things my camera didn't even warn me the
battery's dying just shut off so
annoying I am so annoyed it's for him FS
I'm going to sleep I'm so damn annoyed
and I'm not spending any more money and
doing this and I'm not reading it I'm
not doing it it is 4 a.m. I'm going to
sleep I'm going to reshoot this video on
Thursday and release it for Thursday I'm
sorry there won't be a video but I will
absolutely cannot stand there again and
reshoot what I just shot because I took
so damn long to do and it was so good
the first time I did it and now I'm just
annoyed and I will not be able to do it
well again so such as life it's okay
worse things have happened it's fine
toilet talk with Lily my downstairs
washer which the white looks different I
know this is not been a positive vlog I
have been complaining and I've been bad
and now I'm annoyed and I have was not
in my throat because I want to cry
because the video was so good and it was
good in the sense I like I was improving
a lot and doing things that worked in my
script and was just like I was in a good
zone and flow and I'm so annoyed I'm so
annoyed because I wasted the last four
hours of my life when I could've been
sleeping because my head was hurting but
instead maybe anyway it's not your fault
it's not your fault not you know worse
things happen to people I'm still
blessed with the life full of
firstworldproblems this is not a problem
that needs to be complained about
because I'm still very blessed with a
whole bunch of other stuff um you know
it's cool well I like these towels okay
I'm gonna go eat something man the vlog
is at my bed I'm gonna send out a little
bit and it's okay my script for
Thursday's done we shoot the video it's
fine I apologize there's no new video
but it's good I hope you had a great day
thank you for joining me on my day
I'm sure thank you for joining me on my
day hope it a good day and tomorrow will
be a better day and it's fine tomorrow
we have text where we day and we are
gonna stay downtown I believe so
that's the vibes if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe so
I'm taking my mom to Barcelona for her
birthday as you know as you already know
this and the process to plan this trip
alone should be a Christmas gift an
Easter gift Oh makeup holidays weren't
even celebrate that's the same patcher
today all those gifts is gonna be
combined into this Kwanzaa
