today are the streamys
good morning I actually by 10 had a call
on back to bed for 15 minutes woke up
again and call at 11 woke up wash my
hair
check this towel right I even shaved
just in case my stylist is bring like
two or three different outfits and only
one of them requires a shape but as I do
just in case let me shave this thing
right here since in the shower 45-minute
big egg be so smooth right now we have a
baby's bottom like a baby's bottom with
butter on tap ready where's the mouse
miss Poste mood I was lighting for three
months I'm happy kinda crusty but so
small red can you fill me right now
I feel oh so nice I'm wearing my one bra
that I wear what a video reference from
yesterday why my so I because I get to
tell my friends today check out the
streamys and imma just can be real for a
second
can we be real I know it's a lot of
energy for first thing the blab cammer
real you know what it is I change the
color of my towel and it's yellow and so
like I feel rejuvenated but what it is
is I'm gonna just say award shows for me
I'd be lying I think they're weird I
think they're a little bit weird and
that's why I overcompensate about being
like no I don't care if I win I don't
care cuz I'm being honest with you I
think they're weird I think it's weird
to compete against my friends I think
it's weird to ask you to vote for things
I also in my heart believe that there's
no voting system that could be hack
urine and I just I don't know I just
of course winning awards feels great and
I'd be lying if I was like no I don't
care at all but no of course when I win
it feels great but when I lose I
honestly don't feel horrible like it's
just weird because I started YouTube
after so many of the people that I see
at these events and I look up to them so
they know one of my friends is just a
troll she's weird to me but I'm very
honored and very blessed to be nominated
were nominated for future praise to you
I and Entertainer of the Year and what
is iffy friends this week we're so
excited my staff's on her way you know
trying some clothes I should put on some
cream because my hope my friggin arm
it's just like sandpaper
I just got a big dope interval who
didn't end o you who I love Nintendo
Nintendo sent me this games oh I know
why they did this I tweeted like a few
months ago being like I wish there was a
game where Princess Peach saved Mario
and apparently there is and they send it
to me that is so dope oh my god oh my
god did I shake it
Super Smash Bros Oh No
my god I'm so spoiled in the charger
thank you so much I am oil brat right
now lily retired tweet that said you
want to play a game with Princess Peach
saving Mario well you're in luck we
already made one it's called super
Princess Peach and launched a Nintendo
DS 2006 it's a fun game and it feels
pretty cool to play as one of the
mushrooms Kingdom's most powerful and
recognizable female heroes we included
the game as well as some of the other
games that super-strong that star super
strong female characters like Super
Smash Bros I love this we're big fans of
your girl love movement your friends at
Nintendo I am so over-the-moon Nintendo
thank you so much everyone go treat
Nintendo right now being like that is
dope I appreciate that cuz I tweeted it
not knowing I was like is there a game
that exists like that and everyone's
like there is and the fact that they
sent it to me that's some girl love
Thank You new talk good this is a win
already
I'm overcompensating don't do that ugly
okay it's fine Sarah's gonna make me
look so pretty today as you picked it
out me and you said I could wear my girl
love bracelet now you happy everyone's
here I do my nails admired everything
did huh no hope for women oh I like my
outfit and I get to our flats
this is the face of a girl gets to her
flats this is the best because I think
in her ideal world easier if I wore
heels but I'm like I like to reflect and
she accommodate being different is
amazing same bra yesterday by lid
all right I just rehearsal feeling good
join the scammers over there I just met
her and took a picture him I should ask
her she be first in with her but I have
no chill this is everything I ever
wanted in life in Moore John scammer hi
this is I can go home not anything else
now I am living iconic honey
yo just finish the carpet shows about to
start Kyle's and ghosts in the audience
which means want to part ways with you
for a little bit but you'll be a good
hand being Kyle's hands and I'm like
anxious I don't know why I'm excited to
be around all my friends you know it is
every time I'm around this group of
people
I just feel overwhelmed because these
are all the people that have inspired me
to start where I started so I think that
so does every time the stream is like oh
my friends are so cool and that's how I
feel but it was we're gonna do the thing
Kyle's new vlog I seen a little bit
I was like that you deserve
thank you for supported
I swear I'll bring it all day today I
swear to God
yeah
you just sit right here
Galilee good I seen while Uzi
situation she
and really dad what are you doing the
middle of presenters from your work are
streaming a war I never do this or
before that I wanted to me last year
yeah okay are you okay my busy on July
because you're so amazing that's life he
didn't tell you
okay I'm not mad dad we're live right
now who these people I also know
celebrity women are picky or
these are the biggest influencers in the
world if you Anna you have to all these
people after you I understand this is
why you are dressed like this for
comfort a little too gory be safe
no dad it means they have a lot of hours
to watch I understand
Instagram 378,000 forward that's right
okay and you put it how we want even
extends to things if then why are you
calling me I should write did you need
something really cute boy no main focus
at update I'm I'm gonna call you back
see me we might have a next year or do
you think what design team through you
see enough gather X me okay
was also their best Halloween looks here
are the nominees for best first person
series
great holiday
and the winner for best person is Casey
we're going to do something that has
never been done
do you think you're ready for this
let's do it anyway
we are going to be reading each other's
lines off until oh my god
hi everyone my name see anything house
and my name is Anthony Padilla
as a slightly bearded man who is shorter
than a Hansen II I'm very excited to
present a warm best feature me to Ian
and was my best friend Ian going to left
we actually also have our own feature go
space by the end of the year so I wrote
down my best friend Anthony here is
extremely narcissistic and just could
help us upload our own movie for a
second perfect let's get on to the
actual nominations here's an original
video for Brock steps with our streaming
nominees for feature
take a look
it's phowa
I love the strings
it's been eight years almost living in
that sick now I spent nights watching
buddy we're drunk
thank you
and the screen goes to
Wow
Oh
 owe you for dragging entire cast
a special thank you to mighty med -
Dwayne making my baby in the film it's
pretty cool to say that my childhood
hero was in my first feature people say
I just want to repeat the message of the
movie because it was one of the most
difficult lessons that are
we did our trip to unicorn Island our
brain baby look at these people they did
this oh my god you only people are
behind this like it's not me it's a lot
of people that are behind this is really
really cool I was talking everyone that
like this is my brain baby this is not
comedy and this is not like a YouTube
video this is an important thing in a
big part of my life and so special to
have it recognized thank you astronauts
wanted YouTube Red Bull team team super
for watching rock for being in it that
has heard the speech maybe you didn't I
hope I thanked everyone I was stressed a
lot of it was great okay good I was just
thank you I got the rock yeah okay good
thank you how are you good thank you
first off I want to dedicate this award
to the new emperor as the best time in
YouTube this year I became one of the
most hated youtubers on the platform
that's maybe because I let myself
country in the face or maybe because I
came out said 99% of the pranks on
YouTube are fake but I want to say this
for a long time I look at myself in the
mirror
bass myself based on what I read on the
comments I call it worthless I thought
ugh Lee I felt gay I got a note like
that based on what they told me but I
wanted myself to two most important
words in my life that I've used for
myself whenever I was fighting my mental
illness those two words are I am because
every day when I look at myself the
mirror remind myself I am powerful I am
strong I am confident I am beautiful I
am worthy and I'm good enough to be on
the stage tonight every night I wanted
to put it because one of the comments
was telling me that I should leave
YouTube for whatever reason I believed
in myself beauty isn't what we have on
the outside but it's who we are as a
person on the inside and as long as you
all embrace and believe that in
ourselves then you have no idea how good
we all are on the outside I'm happy and
proud to be in the room with all of you
guys right now a lot of compute but
thank you so much
that's it it's not you we were like all
this going so weird
now I think I'm going to an after-party
I think that's what's happening all the
friends are hair and a tattoo UI and
girl love both my passion project some
stock photo later though later related
way to go to the after-party it's way
too far it was a capacities rent Alex's
place
I'm stealing all of his clothes and the
change that's going on right now we
ordered food fries pizza I'm so excited
Kyle's here not as you bathe here this
was very well
their house was them Onassis no okay oh
this one this one this one he's not babe
I was pointing to the zebra and he got
confused but we'll go with that I'm out
here in the real world I'm gonna get
someone not an actress a real human
what's your name save me why are you
wearing your lips they're bombs
oh it's been several hours it seems have
you touched it I haven't touched it
since 3:30 I swear so you would say a
last long than o'clock okay and I mean
everything drink everything you can
think of yeah that's odd because I've
also done the same thing and my lips are
also I know another person that was
wearing it out to screw me Megan dude
yeah who said the same thing actually on
my snapchat we have seen all three of us
you sending pictures of my lipstick on
point is that Bobby I was waiting over
some period and I'm like not be not
we're never carry how much is not a paid
actress what back at my place about to
watch a movie Kyle's here not us your
and I'm so excited shake my Spanx off
I'm too excited to take my pants off
right now 82 i won
I'll sign them how it's so special that
girl love and a TTY won both my brain
babies is very very special and
overwhelm but I also told them in full
disclosure um I know I don't I don't
feel like Awards with my thing like I'm
really grateful but the second I walked
offstage I was like that's great and I
feel like if we recognize like doesn't
mean more to me than like selling the
girl lover V keys or the can your trip
no I think that's okay right right
they're like I don't know I like them
but it's like what I was I was happy
that like I was so happy Liza one for um
break break artists so happy useful one
for entrainer sloppy tasty nice at first
but in series well dessert he sold
motherf---ing talented yeah I was just
really cool to see everyone but and I'm
so grateful and thank you for being so
supportive and girl ready to go it was
dope
again dope yeah you have to say the
dance colleges did I'll do it again
that's really really really really dope
but like I said before we're not in for
the awards point it because we're
changing people's lives
leggo yeah go spanks off who died well
la we should watch the weirdest horror
movie with suffering word now it's 3
a.m. and I haven't go to bed I'm so
tired when I use all of my power to try
to wash my face right now cuz a lot of
makeup on me um it's DUI and girl up on
a string it's so great Oh a weird show a
weird shows award shows are weird man
I'm just not I'm not a fan it's like
it's like 80% fun like fungus a just my
friends let's just such a weird vibe
like even sitting behind youth besides
you suck we're friends and those
categories like weird to me I don't know
what it is I just I don't know oh no
it's weird maybe I don't know maybe it's
just me and I'm strange
I don't know I'm stop saying I don't
know but I feel really special that hty
a girl of one and that sounds really
special my passion project went to
babies so it's what my babies to go out
there and change the world and I would
hope that they're doing that it was good
to see everyone and tomorrow I got some
exciting stuff and I can tell you what
it is yet you'll have to wait till
tomorrow to find out thank you for
continuous support don't you even for
one second or even a millisecond feel
any type of way about not winning
Entertainer of the Year seems super you
know awards are great but that's not how
we define ourselves and everyone
deserves recognition everyone deserves
like to win stuff we all work so hard
all creators work so so hard so don't
feel no type of way um I love me so much
and thank and support I'm I take off my
hair looks kind of dope though I kind of
like it lesbians me after up in two
seconds oh my god
thank you for joining me today hope you
had a wonderful day well then you left
hugs and kisses
oops if you liked it subscribe if you
liked it subscribe stylus brought me
unicorn farts I don't know what this is
a bag of unicorn farts this is a rainbow
of smiles inside hundred percent magical
how to preserve majestic hundred percent
mythical ten percent of all profits
donated to the unicorn Children's
Foundation I have no idea what's inside
this bag
