dropping everything
good morning this when this happens your
hair tie this right here the worst the
worst possible thing first of all
problems over and over again but it's
okay because those are first world
problems and we're very amazed that a
very blessed to have first world
problems
have you ever item eating line was
against before never never in my life
had this but I'm gonna be so on time
because I'm literally leaving double
early like it says 12 minutes to get
there I'm leaving 30 minutes early so if
I'm late
the gods are just against me basically
is the moral of the story we're heading
to a meeting I have two other meetings
after this in between those I've asked
Superman live and then the evening I
have some chill sessions and some work
and I still don't have voice any meeting
before 4 p.m. don't have a voice guess
what's up yeah I have never had this
request in a meeting before but the
president meeting with wants to be in
the bottom so this is Brian hey how are
you
I'm Brian Grazer yes movie and
television producer getting to meet Lily
what just do me okay so I produce the TV
series Empire right now no big deal big
deal and I produce 24 when Canadians
know 24 but it uh that's great and we're
doing it again with an african-american
lead the dude that was Dre and straight
out of Compton
comes right after the Super Bowl next
year
what up diversity but yeah and then I
just finished a movie with Tom Cruise
one with Tom Hanks one of ejuice Alba
you like him
imagine Makani em hmm there there you go
so this is do a meeting with a basically
an icon essential just a beautiful mind
know what Oscar okay well there it is
bunch of stuff there it is but I took
all these credits to get Lily into my
office I called her in yeah
and now I'm here and here we are in this
amazing office and this I've never had
so quest you are the first person in the
history of the log channel that's asked
to being the vlogger meeting love it
alright
boom yo I am about to start ask Superman
live it's 2 p.m. is starting right right
now I'd be lying if I said I was a
little bit tired I'm a little bit tired
after this I have two back-to-back
meetings but then Lauren's gonna come
over and Susie's gonna come over and
it's gonna be great cuz I'm gonna chill
so we're gonna work harder to power
through and make it happen
use an hour of energy here comes oh god
bless the snap that is what to happen I
have about an hour before my next
meeting at the end of a supermoon live I
just absolutely just died because I was
so tired I don't even think you're you
know I'm tired I have so much going on
in my brain I have like so many meetings
and even aside from all the things you
all know about which is like shoots and
videos there's so much happening behind
the scenes that you know nothing about
like longer-term projects and all the
meetings I have now for things that are
gonna happen like in a year and just
like so much stuff and I'm kind of just
exhausted um and I know what you're
gonna say that you need a Tyrian
assisting you guys should know that even
if I don't show them like I have a team
I have all these people but if you want
to be a boss like I am still the one
making decisions at the end of the day
I'm still the one that's got to leave
the team and I'm not complaining I'm
just expressing why I'm so exhausted
right now um it's just so much going on
with the house and with like I literally
have texts in my phone at 20 texts and
they're about 20 different things that
all need my attention I'm just like stop
stop at the same time I don't want to
stop because I love my job but I'm gonna
end this whole conversation by saying
I'm taking a nap bein me of me of me
that's me me hi yes I'm ready for the
meeting let's go
Masek sister
okay you know what Lauren just told me
show me some information uh no - say it
again please
why is the queue so close to our baby
comes a DIY beauty x breakstep okay
beauty shot that is your stag legs
everywhere
it's fisheye they can see all you are
everywhere I know okay alright bring it
in we're gonna bring it in buddy okay
well okay no I just said that
yeah team super is so nice to me and
they they like to screenshot um time
somewhere together
but we have fan pages together you
family just get oh my gosh a ship named
aquila yeah it's like Laura Lee it's
kinda hard set Laura Lee yeah I think
there's anything better let us know your
hair looks way too good to be the same
shot as me and I'm instantly insecure
okay okay I'm like okay what are you can
be though Laura okay so Laura tar a lion
or I'm usually really good at ship names
super DIY super DIY oh that's really
good yeah I was like oh my gosh don't
you do it yourself what super do
yourself also this guy like snuck into
my apartment um and his mother infant
shoes are off this time because last
time this guy my birthday at his shoes
I'll put my white comes this mother
alpha don't wear shoes look out one time
and then you're branded for life that's
exactly this I know I know I know
zero tolerance thank you zero that
awkward moment when we got dama cake but
Dom is unable to make the birthday
celebration so I must go in which one of
us is d-trix
going to be d-trix yeah a pretty good
Dietrich I think we should all be
Dietrich sigh I think we should sing
happy birthday to each other and cut the
cake happy birthday Beatrix wait I might
have a candle Oh on wait would I have a
kind of where would I want to put
candles in my new hub if I was really I
was Lily
first of all look at these popcorn
kernels I would say and then if you can
got man look at these skittles yeah I
wouldn't doubt that all right are you
gonna be just dumb yes all right well
Dom business for you I mean have you
anything yeah I'm hungry happy birthday
happy birthday dear d-trix speech sorry
no you guys are really the best friends
I could have ever asked for I would I
wouldn't miss this for anything I love
you guys it's not his fault he's not
here but it's fine why I would like to
make a speech on him can I call the cake
store no okay let's have a one word say
okay on behalf of DOM
okay no no it's gonna dog pancake I'm a
cutie all right when cue it to you this
is mmm right
I don't want your slices did like half
of the cake right here what just take
the whole thing this way though you just
took a D yes just a DW just took the D
did the D 1 the D 100 he was ball no
every birthday oh my 3m squad just left
my finger squad just left so much fun
we're so dumb
we're all done worst of them I'm going
to bed tomorrow I sleep in a little bit
but I have to option collab with Leigh
Leigh and a whole bunch of people I can
be cool I'm saying a 45 hour shoot and
then in the evening i'ma try to meet up
with some people's that's the vibes
great time chilling with my peeps
it feels good feel good about it and
wash my face head to bed but first let's
go to the toilet okay I don't know why
my toilets making this noise hello I
flash it again my guys not flashing oh
my god something wrong about it
okay hold on okay I don't know we're
gonna just pretend that that's fine
ignore it and hopefully in the morning
it fixes itself because that's how those
things to themselves right that's fine
so it's actually a very broken toilet I
talked today what that you for joining
me on today we had a pretty productive
day meeting a strip of live to other
meetings three meetings in total and
then chill sessions does good it's
coming down right um and then tomorrow
we got some shoots and stuff so it's a
weekend we gonna be productive we gonna
have fun and then on Sunday we are going
to try that's the game plan and s was
crack alike and thanks for joining me
today and I hope you have a productive
day and I will see you again tomorrow
sending you lots of country and kisses
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I'm so excited
you talked it was bigger me
