facts facts although facts I am so
excited my fit is ready got my girl love
sweater got my pins hey today mr. simple
you march with my brothers and sisters
in the women's March and I'm so excited
to take you along with this journey you
ready let's go
yes I like your hair it's very bouncy
are you walking over what's the address
what's the address of the straighten
patriarchy calling over wish I put it to
what sad just for destroying the page on
the term I can't even think patreon I'm
gonna try again
another child easily controlled at the
time
leaving my everyone signs our lip energy
is so good and I'm so happy and loving
and inclusive when you stop the whole
March for a photo shoot
whatever you rocking emerges up yes girl
working what are you guys think of the
March do you see what I think you might
cross that sweater I see you I see you
alright I'm digging the vibe man people
come together they believe it people are
happy it's all good vibes I wish you
could feel the vibes of this grease all
good right potato somebody's playing
some sort of baseline it gives a little
bounce
that's what's doing guy about that March
go I got you it's a woman's mouth facts
facts also facts so many facts oh my god
can I give you something
turn
here spreading guerrilla love
I run into this cutie pie that's amazing
we're home we did it I had a great time
son survived Socko and I learned an
important lesson if we try to make signs
for the women's March it's gotta be a
one week workshop because I mean that's
not what it's about what's that people
science we're so good we were just like
science I mean you make the sign but
they're so good but they were so good
but you're also really good other people
were wack no they were good you're it
good I always just thought I feel good
you feel good Masako I do I'm proud of
you women URL selectable balloons March
is that there were so many signs and
conversations around the real meaning of
feminism because that one day the really
irks me is how people like feminism is
just man hooting and whatever stupid
things you've read the usually that is
not true but there's a lot of like the
right conversation happening and I
really really respected that and I love
seeing that conversation happening I'm
like no this is what that mizzen
actually is includes everyone is
equality for everyone it's not
man-hating it's not taking away any one
else's rights just being like yo we
women we here we can't all progress half
rose oh hell that was just like right in
the fields so what do people came up
towards me like what you're just wetters
from and then humble said Lilly Singh
Kham I said that and then you said
releasing comment to else and then you
said no and then that's why you're a bad
friend
it's many hours later as you can tell by
these two new pimples on my face
everyone took a nap and I'll put a pizza
in the oven it's time to get to work I
have so much to do a Saturday night but
yo house is about to go go my dinner my
dessert misako
know is health who's made me fun of me
has switched to the page inside my six
pension coming in any second
not my armpits are itchy cuz I got some
scared got a lot of work done it's 2
a.m.
watched movie now I'm go to bed cuz I'm
tired is a frame huh let's see how we
did today
don't talk lady thank your doing
yesterday I cannot express to you how
wonderful it felt via the women's March
alongside my brothers and sisters are
just such a good energy and I think I've
really really learned that like I'm not
gonna lie the first two days women's
March happened I didn't know about it
and I don't understand and know what was
going to be so I didn't go because I was
like I don't know this is about I
regretted it so much not going and so
this year I really want to go and I
think what I learned is that just like
you show up for the causes you believe
in you know whatever those causes are
gonna show up not enough to just like
say you care about it or like we do by
show up for things I must really
important to use your voice so I
encourage you all to find causes your
passion bone to use your voice I don't
believe me on that journey together
Kelvin who if you like it subscribe look
at y'all y'all getting to vlog this
weekend when I usually combine give it a
thumbs up for that subscribe if you
haven't done so already my last vlog is
there my main channel is there if you're
just watching this for the first time or
you don't subscribe you go ahead and do
it because it's all good vibes good
energy here on the blog fam um that have
yourself a great day
