good morning to your face
I'm not gonna sing to you don't worry
this is so auto-tuned with Marshall I
got it for me it's called the ukulele
and Colleen was teaching me she gave me
a quick you Classen I know this is a C
chord but meit's is so out of tune and
so not on I said that we're gonna learn
how to play the ukulele on YouTube
videos so I'll go learn how to play it
it started - Colleen come help me
speaking I'm calling the first order of
business I have all the second order of
business cuz I woke up I had a meeting I
had a call
pretty exciting call by the way and I
can't wait to tell you what it's about
it like hit me in the fields but I got a
go dress up as Manjeet and Paramjeet and
then dress them into Miranda because I
promised her I would do it because
haters back off comes out tomorrow or
today when you're watching this and so
uh that's on my to-do list to dress up
as Minji and then trust me teeth up as
Miranda let's go do this and then I have
a meeting in about an hour and then it
is video day but I my video done is the
club with Sabrina and then I have people
once watch party so poppy and actually
gonna come over and get me all did
that's a plan for today three a great
day is gonna be a productive day I feel
good energy I slept in a little bit and
I feel a little bit like groggy but
waiting to get over that because they
might control your smile and be grateful
are you ready for an amazing day yes
start I realize I don't have her shirt
so it's gonna be hard but I'm not she
does this hey she just goes like buck
right right right
oh my my nervous to do this what yeah
I'm so excited
you dog it is mango me my really good
midget in there's a lot of fun actually
when deeds gonna be tough I don't work
it out to figure that out
we're gonna figure it out stand by hi
bye hello everybody
oh you are doing hit everybody
what about is go Suppan away what am I
going to tell some woman had fell and ow
I mean super how's that - we're heading
to a meeting it is hot
i'ma called me this morning cuz he
missed me and I love him and he's my joy
and so I was actually free to answer his
call which is a rare occurrence but he
told me it's so cold in Toronto and I'm
we're just running on Sunday so not the
greatest news we're gonna soak up as
much Sun as possible right now here we
go I'm headed to my meeting um and I
think I'm gonna be on time killing the
game here we go so I'm at a red light
and I have to ask seatbelts and bras I'm
not the only one that experiences the
seatbelt brawl boom awkward thing right
this is not just me right only in LA
through traffic will you see a rare
Pokemon - hey Pikachu I think that guy
just yelled Oh chick-fil-a
what is happening oh all right just
finished my meeting honestly every time
I have these meetings such a stress
because they're on these Lots so this is
the universal a lot and it is the
mission and a half first to find the
right gate because these Lots are
massive then to find the right building
and I was like 30 minutes late for this
meeting even though I left so early
because there's so much traffic and I
got to the gate and skidding I was like
yeah so you know here and turn left and
it uh any hundred percent to me in the
wrong direction
and got me lost because I even told them
when he told me like yo that's not right
and I was like Frank I hate walking into
a meeting late that's not the best look
but these lots are so confusing
ah and then even they were like yeah I
know everyone gets lost and like still
that's not okay I don't like to be late
but I'm finish this meeting I'm starving
to death
and I'm going to get some food head back
and then get my hair and makeup did and
do the things I have what do I really
want to do when I said my cousin your
pizza not do anything but that's not
what we're gonna do
that's not really hot my armpits are
sweating so many things huh we're gonna
pick up the energy again and not be blah
right Ted you know I'm talking about in
my car still there yes it is then until
my car cuts are parked in the wrong
place yes the positive things in life
the positives let's focus on the
positives I'm eating my hair or focusing
on the positives at least I washed it
yesterday is my favorite part of the day
when my bays are here Ashley and papi
are fixing me up and I feel so at ease
because the rest is day I've been like
driving isn't it and this is the thing
I've been waiting for even after this
like the event or do I
I don't want do that I just literally
want to do this right now
now you just read just me up nine you
have to go where you stay right here
this is the best by the day right here
we take care of you no you no no you'll
go Sarah made me dress up and made me
look pretty to go someone I don't know
go you have to go I know but you did a
good job
look I want to show them what I'm
wearing I do okay you can direct it this
is what you're looking at okay good
okay this is what I'm wearing whoo hello
that is that was for commentary in case
you're wondering that was a carpenter
buying a dress in these cool boots and
the heels are actually comfortable so
you get a good job boom you did a good
job
good job Sarah thank you job Sarah I'm
so proud of you you did such a good
styling jobs here okay what have to go
dude you have to fine
I try to be positive about this event if
you were but
I'm on the mood for schmoozing when the
mood for doing work some Chinese as
quick as possible
I do realize thought of it though kind
of wish I save it for something else but
I'm a fight isn't good there's some
great all right it's good let's get
these good it's not too big
guys guess what this is Matt back again
I'm gonna slide in today we are at a
barn holding PLP for the peoples ones to
watch party which I've drugged Lily to
Lily's not super happy about being here
today which is putting on a good face
quality content guys what can I say guys
to be it to the red carpet I'm really
happy to be here not because Sabrina's
here and I'm going to see her from
Barbara sign my breast attic now and
Here I am I love to win
how one comes out in like one hour by
the way did you hear that she loves
Sabrina not the Teenage Witch carpenter
oh good almost right up Korea
this is red carpet footage get old guys
I met doing my version of toilet talk
right now which is really carpet talk I
don't know anyway long story short
watching Lily go into that photo pit and
having all of the photographer's
recognize her
one year later when one year ago when we
were at this event I remember her coming
here and like really being a newcomer
and now she is a real star and it makes
me really emotional and happy for her
and really proud and it just goes to
show that after a year of really really
really really hard work it's just really
paying off for her I'm really proud of
her I am the worst kind of human just
now I set up this ring light just so I
could take a selfie yeah that's that's
righted I'm embarrassed I'm embarrassed
the picture so good that self-timer life
though when you got no friends though
that's what's up though what is even in
this I am going to change because my
head is starting to hurt and I should
get out of this and get to work I need
to do some stuff for my book there's
four sections of my book and I need to
write chapter a section introductions
like chapter not chapter SEC
section blurbs about each section so I
got to do that section sections such a
weird thing to say um someone do that
and actually and then we have a intense
work night ahead of us so let's get some
Moo tree and something to back to you
right now take a look at how I look one
more time because I'm about to get back
into my sweatpants and this is all gonna
be on Hogan when you get an email about
BAE's show Cuomo
wait did I record that do I record that
last clip I don't know if I did come on
come on by type if I did if I didn't
everything written what what mm not
gonna play keris mm look enough dagger
arrest trying to pull a was poppin
what's crack-a-lackin' we had a very
productive day actually I just did so
much work I did my chapter blurbs and I
did a whole bunch emails I'm feeling
good about myself
it is only one something which is quite
early I'm gonna go to bed because I feel
sleepy and that's a blessing at night
because I never feel sleepy at night I
got wash my face take these lashes off
individual lashes that freak you up I'm
sorry taking off lashes after a long day
like best best I hope you had a great
day tomorrow is Friday and tomorrow what
am i doing I have a meeting I think I
have like two or three meetings actually
um and then in the evening I might be
saying what squad we'll see although I
have mad work to do so we'll see but I
think there's some squad chillin there's
some meetings some work ask Superman
live so when you're watching this when
you're watching this possibly within
like two hours of the release of this
vlog is ask Superman live on my main
channel youtube.com slash anything so
makes use there because I want to what
you want things you know I need I love
you
oh if you liked it subscribe if you like
it subscribe look who I shot with
instant best friends we are she's so
weird and I love it but the thing is the
thing is I was talking to she's way more
poised and she can like come across as
poised and weird where I'm just weird
you know no I like across the viewing
voices really yeah how versatile cover
so in love is love is everywhere
it's okay when taking pictures how would
you severe fun I had so much fun - I
showed a lot of fun it was very fun
ripping off of you I liked it a lot I
might have sat in her lap a little bit
give a little action I'll be jumping
whatevs get more of these I know we have
to do more of these yeah humble oh do I
see more obviously wanna see more - so
uh
