woke up out there my suit
just kidding I didn't wake up like this
actually rushed I what's happening with
the shirt what are you doing I'm a
little bit chaotic because I'm running
late to one of my meetings I have a
meeting and I have a shoot today and
have a fitting and then I have to go
check on my house and start the whole
process this is what happened right I
swear I had the worst sleep ever why
yesterday I like 4:00 a.m. while I'm
sleeping my buildings fire alarm went
off and it stayed on for like 30 minutes
I kid you not
30 whole minutes and it was the loudest
most piercing alarm of my life and it
was like ringing in my ear drums keeping
me awake I just sleep like this
basically it was absolutely horrible and
the worst sleep I that's what I'm
blaming it on I'm gonna say I woke up
late because of that but really I know
it's because I'm bad at waking up but
I'm all suited because I gotta be like
this rent shoot and I thought why not go
to my meeting on swagged up but I got a
meeting I'm turning left I gotta go bye
best day ever that meeting was great and
so was my hair after this whole meeting
god damn it I mean it was great was so
much fun and people I met with were so
super cool
but now I am headed to my shoot it is
with someone very cool and I think I'm
gonna tell you who it's with but maybe
not right now may I make you wait for a
little bit just for good measure look at
all these validations
oh my throat is dying I need some water
and honey because it sound like a man
because I'm screaming so much on my
other shoot my Mecca I was a little bit
stressed walking just me because I was
like I'm late like my GPS was telling me
the wrong way I couldn't find parking
all these things that I look Lily you're
late either way so you have two options
right you walk into your meeting
stressed or you can be like hey I'm
gonna start from being late and now this
is my great personality I chose the
latter and the meeting went great so I'm
very happy things might not always be in
your control but some part of the
situation is always in your control
that's how you react and that's how you
behave and that is where I choose and
now I'm going to go to my shoot before I
get late for that as well and repeat the
whole situation you're normally my
friend means I'm being you speak to it
this monumental moment is taking too
long
I have never been to nadas office and
right now I am look at that side our
office first of all that does me that's
me
does to me and this is her office here's
your here again where am i oh my why
might it hit him behind so I know cuz we
had to move to make this work
oh my god we can't read all that cuz
might be about me but this is sweet
where is that boom boom feeling super oh
wow okay okay okay this is officials
namely everything if you have everything
right very nice at a chalkboard wall I'm
moving that's very very cool I still
really gives enough for me okay okay I'm
on an observer opinion
we got humble oh he's that pie man okay
how do be a boss will be out of it there
goes boom pow I am oh my god I feel like
I need to get you like unicorns like a
massive just mural of myself okay I'm
okay with that right here yeah I'll show
you my other great view yeah your house
is almost I'll so this is where the
magic happens what what is this what is
this do we use oh yeah dude are you
kidding me a hundred calories every two
hours really really good you use it and
in doing conference calls what's that
you do yeah I'm so impressed
it'll be polka look at this is a polka
yo-yo shooting some fun stuff I can't
wait till I show you who I'm showing it
shooting with I hinted at it on Twitter
and to be honest the vlog title and
thumbnail probably giving everything
away but it's cute I have a friendship
resume time machine quickly and these
two things lalala very cute and look
who's here my BAE no no I'm talking
about you oh ha ha ha philosophy on me
he's my baby
you know why he's my because he's so
officer but he did you touch my butt
just ask um he gets so awkward when I
put my wall I'm sweating except my
favorite things my favorite moment of
Kyle ever
you guys haven't seen are you actually
tweeted recently it's all thing like
what the cup I love that it don't funny
stuff we're not on speaking terms
because you beat me in flip Cup we're
not on speaking terms with you whenever
you wear your dignity back and I was
just yeah yeah look at his butyl oh snap
oh snap
my pet have any final words like boom
not getting waxed am i dying
hi I'm glad when I got a this is very
fortunate mmm it's a body out of prison
Oh
oh yes yeah maybe try the one extra this
is dangerous through yours I've asked
for smaller ones because those are too
big for me no I need a kid sighs I pick
your poison
shuri time how long it takes you to get
to the end of that okay all right oh my
god oh dear God
how do you feel great
um pedal back I think ah oh hey great
job you can park in Michaels office I'm
uh Colette a little scary yeah well how
do you feel I feel like I'm ready for
the Olympics all right great
are you biking back yeah try Jessica you
point turn turn into an eight point turn
oh oh okay please don't hurt me I've
tied a walk backwards if you don't kill
me boosting oh my god have a great day
one great job everyone
great job it's on behind you all right
here Oh surprise today I'm shooting my
collaboration with she followed me back
Ellen we I'm shooting my collab with
keep going keep boys you born with with
one one one three two
look who I shot with instant best
friends we are she's so weird and I love
it but the thing is the thing is I was
telling her she's way more poised and
she can like come across as poised and
weird where I'm just weird you know no I
like I'm across the game voices really
yeah how versatile cover so in love love
is everywhere yeah
it's okay what do some pictures Kevin
few Sevilla fun I had so much fun too I
showed a lot of fun it was very fun
riffing off for you I liked it a lot
I might have sat in her lap a little bit
gave a little action I'll be jumping
whatevs get more of these I know we have
to do more of these yeah humble oh do I
see more obviously wanna see more so uh
did you know Kyle tell him tell him
did you know from girl love shoots this
lovely man right here he gives away
props from the shoot I've signed sign of
rocks he takes the prop and I sign it
and gives it away where do you give it
away on at spread girl love so if you
want to get some signed props from shoes
if you went to that then you got to
follow them on Twitter them us on
Twitter and Instagram as spread girl up
that's what you gotta do I think that
shoot went great it went really great I
think in love her good I love her I love
her especially because after she was
done we just came out to me she's like
so what do you like to do for fun and I
was like oh my god we are friends I love
this conversation we are friends I love
it she's just such a sweetheart now I go
to my fitting I have a fitting I'm going
to Sarah's house there are stylist house
because tomorrow I have a reminder you
to go to that's crackalacking
Oh
Oh Jackie so doing a fitting Sarah hello
and we found a dress that makes me look
like mistake you sold us just like that
okay dress is this not the weirdest
thing ever
it doesn't fit at all I just appear real
so ever ever is it it the witness thing
ever so I finished the styling I came to
my new place and none of the keys work
for the place I can't get in I'm just
like ah should I be concerned right now
so I just messaged my realtor but the
garage opener not working and the keys
not working I can't get enzymes like I
bought the place right just just clarify
so we'll go home and hopefully deal with
this tomorrow but I tried all right
I'm home I just finished recording
something I need for tomorrow's video I
am so tired I did so much today but I
have to wash my hair because Papi's
gonna come tomorrow to do my hair and I
don't want my hair to be dot t up so I'm
gonna go wash your makeup off wash my
hair and then get some sleep but I got
to research something before I sleep so
I'll fall asleep while doing that but
first let's wash the hair oh man that
post shower at rec ed - Wow read eyeness
okay I'm tired toilet talk with Lele
what a productive day we had a meeting
we did a collaboration we got a fitting
done went to the house realized keys
don't work record a little bit for video
tomorrow a lot of things happen today
and I'm very very happy with how
productive items tomorrow I have a
meeting I have a call and then I have to
get my hair and makeup done because I'm
going to people's ones to watch which is
very cool and I got some book related
stuff to do a few more deadlines so it's
also for your date so all those things
but my video is done it's my club super
cusamano's it's my collaboration with
Sabrina carpenter that is coming up when
you're watching this today let's check
it out
and linked to our main channels right
there the description go ahead and click
it just be like
just go ahead and do that I thank you
for joining me on today I hope you had a
wonderful day Victoria told me I speak
very fast and I'm like I know she's like
it's so great I'm like oh really I'm
also insecure about it she's like I
think it's awesome when I was like
Thanks
I try to like consciously make an effort
to speak slower but I can't it's just I
ever since I was young I've always
spoken very fast and I've been
surrounded by friends that also speak
very fast if you guys can fast so my
friend speak way faster than me so yeah
but I'm gonna go down when I go to bed
and it is not that late so I'm very
happy with it I'm sleepy
so play I won't struggle to fall asleep
but I hope you had a great day and
tomorrow our hustle continues thank you
for spending your time on my vlog
channel I appreciate it and I will see
you soon send you positive vibes if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
oh not a get it girl not a get it girl
a really big blue
