- I'm point today
good morning I woke up at 7:45 it is
8:45 who's at the YouTube space I am
like 15 20 minutes early for my call
time without y'all imma start the day so
on point I'm ending so on point last
night I didn't write the whole video but
I have my video idea so some I can't
actually shoot at spaces I need my
family room but I'm actually when I get
home that's the plan even if I get home
I'm really really late the plan is to
still shoot it and hopefully I stick to
that but we'll see what happens let's
look at this tree is this the tree or my
hair oh it's my hair I thought there was
a palm tree behind me that's after my
hair was but we have a shoot today it's
a secret shoot so I can't tell you too
much
I'll show you like who's in it and stuff
but I'm not gonna tell you like was it
what's about cuz I'm really excited but
it's gonna be dope this idea I've had in
my brain for like 2 or 3 years so I'm
very excited that it's finally happening
I'm very very very excited but it's
going on no one's tired I'm a bit tired
but no one's tired I'm real tired but
they say that I'm little tired but we
don't have the best possible day yeah go
ahh ahh ahh ahh
twelve hours of time I'm gonna be here
way later than that because like when I
have my shoots it's like if the crews
still here I'm like help what work and
you know to me I feel like teamwork
makes the dream work a long day ahead of
us can drink lots of water E lots of
fruit eat lots of skittles that's gonna
be my fruit obviously have a good day or
something I love with the YouTube spaces
they know me so well so they let me play
so like yeah I just go back in the back
and check and so I'm in the perfection
like cage looking through some costumes
and props and stuff fun fun fun
yo is so many hours later it is 12:02
a.m. and I just got home and I took a
great poop and it was a great shoot it
was so much fun it was probably one
probably one of the most fun shoots I've
ever been on
so I was really cool and now I got to do
two things that I have a deadline for
for I sleep and a video and I don't want
to give up I want to try at least try to
make a video
so that's what I'm gonna do try to make
a video right now because we have
opportunities and we should hustle when
we have these opportunities and so
Nashville shop let's dig deep here dig
deep if I can do it you can do it if you
can do it I can ruin this to get a leg
out that's the end of that story it's
2:00 a.m. and I'm it's not even
completely given up I know I can record
the video and I wrote it and I know I
can record it it's just not I'd like the
idea a lot and it's not as good as it
could be because I'm so tired it's like
I'm reading it I'm like this is like 70%
good so I'm just gonna record it
tomorrow release tomorrow because I
would just hate to take this idea
because I like it and not do it well so
I apologize I'm gonna loose it tomorrow
it's - imma go to bed went back it's
really hurting such a lot of rigorous
activity on set today but once again I
didn't fly that much today so I'm going
to combine this vlog with tomorrow I'm
sorry I have to keep doing this but you
already know I'm doing cool shoots and I
don't want to give it away so I combine
this with tomorrow ah so no try to talk
but I will see you the next clip will be
morning time they oh my god I'm dying my
body is so broken from yesterday's shoot
my back oh my god I feel like I was
friggin beaten with a bat like that's a
look good and I messaged everyone else
in the shoot and they were all like yo
we have moved it's 2 p.m. I just had a
call in bed I feel like I can't even get
up woman so it's fate oh right
ah it's gonna be a great day what's
poppin just finished a meeting that was
on my house oh my god my body kit ee
Harlow my body tells them I already have
time for a massage - I'm like I could
put some tiger balm all over my body but
I'm about to shoot the video today even
those Tuesday kind of said I was going
to do it yesterday until yesterday and I
like David I didn't have Sun and have
all the things I need to shoot the video
so we're gonna do that I have a window
about an hour and a half to get done
and that's what's going on his corner I
gotta do it always have his F I just was
recording at 5:14 I'm hoping I came down
by six because I need to get ready to go
to haters back off premiere so I'm
excited about um really you know massage
I know I keep complaining about my body
hurts so much I just pressing this kills
but I had a massage a couple days ago
and I don't think getting massages that
often is good and it on time so I'm
gonna tough it out we're gonna edit
right now and now we're going to do some
other work and we get ready and I'm
wearing a stick outfit for this to the
premiere same is going to come boy was
not a Colin see me Sarah's I mean is
there an essence crack-a-lackin' when
yo-yo you know check out my outfit of
the night though you know I'm saying
representing bait haters back off casual
things is no car that I can be casual AF
I'm so excited because I know Colleen is
so excited about this this is like her
82 why because well it's in the sense I
like how passionate I was what h2i she's
so passionate about this and I'm so
excited go supporter Sammy's yeah no I'm
not on Cara what's up
and swag flop because she's from LA and
play key so we're heading there will do
with them
here's back up and go we're here we're
here we're here we're here we're here
we're here we're here we're here
nos Bay yes what up to show my friends
Oh
look at Bay we talk to me looks you
taking a picture by down here I'm gonna
vlog anyway she's so pretty my way
are you
one white one one look at it look at it
I'm too proud I was like getting
emotional I need to our waterproof
mascara I can't do it oh my god Cassie
would you I'm gonna get up I'll do the
body person he's all for coming
everybody
this is a dream come true for me there's
so many people a thing and you're going
to hear me retake everyone who just
mentioned the first I would love to
invite my co-creator co-producer go
everything brother Chris ballinger okay
let's talk about something Colleen show
is so good I'm so proud of him so much
I'm so freaking proud of her and I
freaking love her the sweetest thing
happened I didn't tell you guys
her dad came up to me and gave me a
chick who's like thanks for being such a
good friend to Colleen knows like that
is so sweet of course but I'm so proud
of her too so good October 14th haters
back off what have to be sure reference
makes you support it my homegirl I'm so
proud of her I love her you did so good
on it and now we have all this pizza
this is a very large pizza that you
ordered I know I know it's actually
really good not a rash on your crotch
yeah happy crotch happy times Scratchy
yes everyone needs to shut up and stop
everything protective the most
ridiculous thing just happened the most
ridiculous moment I've ever experienced
with Kyle just took place right now what
happened was not up to code these cops
because she doesn't like she's my real
glasses she just want me to wash them or
something I don't know and then cause
like what are you doing starting a flip
Cup game for three and I was like laughs
laughs and then he said that get this he
said Kyle said because I would dominate
that and I started laughing cuz I
thought obviously this is a joke and so
I'm like oh yeah but then he didn't
laugh and I was like wait you're joking
right and he's like no I'm not joking
and I'm like what excu tile thinks he's
better than me a flip cup this is the
most astonishing
hmm what what are you replaying I got
because I will happy Club wow this is
gonna be the end of our friendship
right here because I'm gonna destroy you
if you see lip oh my god is this
happening right now because of doing wit
on the three I mean it water
are you seriously mmm-hmm
you think this is a thing that's gonna
happen yeah we're gonna why not
okay you know what Kyle I'm sorry an
advanced about whooping you about to get
Deanna the friendship I know one is it
thought being someone's friend I don't
know how to do this yeah
someone's gonna not be a friend after
this is all I know I just know that and
it's gonna be all right hey iris oh yeah
you know if you baby I'll give you the
biggest hug I'm very proud of you
because which way are we going this way
that whatever you want was coming maybe
gonna establish what the cheer is in the
beginning okay yeah that's important and
then oh and them all getting family
average yeah yeah I don't know why we
were so I know you got so nervous
Oh all right I'm nervous for me I want
any sense Charlie I'm interesting
I remember your team super Angie I know
are you sure how to do it it multiple
means laughter we do it we got a cheers
now okay oh gosh
I know you did your eyes
we already lost I suck
he's suing over a second anyone else
that looks like maybe in up Kane
just put the camera here look like this
guy right now this guy yeah you said you
set that water you set that water and
let this be a lesson a lesson to
everyone else out there I'm next I got
winner
oh these fools these fools Ricky College
yet again
someone has chosen take challenge mama
unicorn oh my god
wait wait can I mean this Amanda's here
that was my disadvantage my hair wasn't
up
yes I'm disadvantage that I made a arm
all right okay right doing them true
from that guy cheers downed and I I'm
bad situation oh not a get it girl
not a get it girl
I just missed my face you're not better
than me I'm gonna be a sore loser no you
won you won fair no no we're not how
about you want fair and square
what I don't think you and I lost fair
and square
there we go okay okay i sportsmanship
here good girl okay we're fair and
square
moving top select up boo boo boo top
select ahh oh my god I love those fours
okay I got ready and War One outfit
literally one and this is what happened
this is what happened off we try I still
haven't unpacked oh my god some things
never change I am going to walk over
here now and sit onto the toilet
why why do I do such things done it
Tukwila
thank you for joining me on my day to
day excited before I'll say it again I'm
so proud of Colleen and I just I'm so
happy and I know it really means a lot
to her so just happy for her um and
we're all so usually I just hope want to
play some epic foot I'm gonna say I'm
not as a I have a funny bone
mother-effer
I'm not a bad sport like not a beat me
fair and square black I don't believe
either of them are better than me I'm
just gonna this is the one thing this is
the one thing where I'm like listen I'll
let you have everything else but not the
club but I was very impressed with her
abilities very impressed
um I am going to go to bed wash my face
put all these clothes tomorrow I have a
shoot I have a meeting in the morning
then have a shoot and then oh my god my
free after am I free after that I should
go to my house and figure that situation
out is what I should do
um yeah I hope you had a great day and
if you didn't it's okay because you can
always make tomorrow back or even right
now better it is all under control
in your control and you can make it
happen I love you very much
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe that transformation this is
you guys get Colleen so I mean Randa
some dope stuff I'm like you got some
dope fan gifts these are really cool
they're the best oh my god I had the
same head massager as the best you ever
use that ok so how did you do it so fast
oh she washes it on seven seconds ago
when talking about
are you Keaney
