I'm eating pizza from last night that
wasn't put in the fridge is that gross
what how's it going sorry I'm chewing
and also with Pam Zoe's time the time is
137 I woke up a little while ago I had a
call already I'm headed to the dentist I
was I have to head to my financial
managers to sign the final papers to the
house yeah you know I thought I did that
two days ago I keep thinking I'm doing
that but they keep sending more being
like no this this is the final one this
this one right here so we're gonna do
that when we finished chewing hold on
sweat people call me low maintenance
because it's a little crusty but you
know all it needs little microwave lovin
that's all it needs completely fine
yeah I am learning an important lesson
today and that is I don't have time to
celebrate birthdays because I missed so
many mails yesterday and now my inbox is
just like hey who do you think you are
slide bring your birthday now you're
behind on 700 things and you're gonna
fail in life and I was like I will go
today I have so many things to do I'm
leaving tomorrow morning back to Toronto
and I have enough things to do like that
would take me four days and I'm gonna
try to do today one of them includes 30
seconds pregnant they're saying it's not
30 minutes 30 seconds we'll find out if
we're explosion finish editing the books
ended I am going to the dentist
financial manager Kyle and I are gonna
go see Drake and I hope that I get a
little belated birthday present and get
some champagne papi right here on my
bosom as I hug him hopefully we'll see I
don't know what happened
grab time do that absolutely not but
sometimes you got to just be like yo
i'ma pull an all-nighter for champagne
papi
definitely gonna be an all-nighter
because tomorrow my flight is quite
early so that's mine moral of the story
it's gonna be a great day three great I
got so many flowers now flowers on
flowers on flowers and people
I'm doing the love I'm feeling
everything all these flowers and some a
great day it's gonna be chaotic and
overwhelming but we're gonna make the
best out of it it's gonna be a great day
you know why because we have fresh pizza
that's why so I figured out what I want
I did sign the final papers I signed the
final papers that said like hey if I
back out now I have to pay a penalty so
like I'm committing the papers I'm
finding signing today are like the end
all like yes now like even without pens
there's no that's it like it's my eye
owner that's it so the kind of crappy
part is that the closing is actually on
the 30th but I won't be here so I don't
get to do the final walkthrough
because they're taking all the furniture
out like I need to check the walls
behind the furniture and stuff my
realtor is going to do and I trust her
thoroughly so it would be fine but I
don't get to do the final walkthrough be
there the day I actually get to receive
the keys I'll come a few days later and
hopefully they allow that because I'm
traveling so this is getting real right
now getting around well right now
honestly the most humble way thank God
I'm so damn charming or people will be
way mad more mad at me than they
actually are in life but they have to
rescan my teeth I'm such a that's just
stupid molar right now look where's my
vlogging camera where's my bong though
she had to rescan my teeth because I
wasn't wearing like things when I have
to get new ones but she said my treat
that regressing really well and they
changed a lot since we first started so
they're still crooked but they're
getting there let's get to be charming
and just be like I'm Xiaomi we're not
adding to my financial managers what am
i what's aware why am I so lost build
the office that's all the one office
it's so hot my brain is melting I love
left pepper for tonight
my orthodontist is also going to the
concert Kings is also back because
there's a certain people that I'm so
excited
Jerzy mabui holiday party I just and
final papers there's no more papers to
be signed that's it it's done that's a
done deal
I literally wear this t-shirt every day
I don't care I just love it so much this
vine is it actually drinks shoes I got
ma 401 six half you know represent
represent I'm excited to go Michael a
little bit spread stress because I don't
wanna come home on to pull an
all-nighter and have so much work to do
but I'm gonna go I'm gonna drive myself
how to pop this pimple things going
great my skin is really bad right now
you drink some more water
that's real I'm probably a drink bought
guns right Jade huh fun fact I want this
final for my billboard shoot all the
other pictures made a billboard movies
it's the same shirt
that's what's that I excited yeah and I
wear this in my pill war - very nice
yeah very nice bite up I will climb on
please Hamlin popping six old you know
represent say you're Italian restaurant
okay yep all right sounds good your
whole team's from Tron Tron Tron good
that's East Island Toronto uno dos
wheeze at the forum we're just waiting
for habibi's to come even though drinks
Asian just give us tickets as well so
always have tickets on tickets blessed
life hashtag blessed what does change
series turn of events here but I'm
really excited
the forum is also where we day was and
yes can we delve coming to all you
radiant turn I'm already also the no
vodka I'm driving but like turn turn
turn emotionally and spiritually turn
hey do that again please your sip drink
Jesus people cannot go like we're like
in the fourth row so champagne poppies
swing is gonna be out over us and Ching
pedo pedo pedo
alright one thing
yes
Oh
Bobby Flay
she what
strap drink up
Drake killed it yeah I'm speak Drake
kill he killed it his set and production
is so freaking good I was like trying
comic I want all of this for every
performance I drew - don't know what
every little thing like these balloon
thing is up here oh my god it was so
good I've seen drink before before but
this was like next-level ish killed
always reppin the 6-2 you know just love
this guy nothing my love
while they learn hold it and close it in
other than wait we're still wrong people
hold on follow then okay stand by if we
need to get away from people okay
okay just tell you all the things
operator makes it absolutely I have read
everything okay
so just happened right now okay I'll
walk into the room to me drink because
we have a mutual friend I told Michael
birthday present wanna meet him I walk
in drink is new big hug first of all we
talk I'm like ice hot I can't speak I
gotta breathe I'm like thank you
everything if the city had to meet you a
note I just ignore man whatever you want
much how he's so nice first of all he's
so nice
then he's like he wasn't your birthday
I'm like cuz he follows me on Instagram
thus validating and solidifying the fact
that he looks over good good thank you
so he's a happy birthday and then a sec
come to any sure you want Isaac we
should link up and do something one day
and then did you see there's lady he
took my hand and kissed it you did
because when Drake is my head Drake's
dad also like so Cologne
no no but you know what I could hold it
I was like a chant dying I'm inside I
was trying to hold my whoops let's see
we take another picture to be Larry I
was like no yeah now the end of our
friendship right there okay I've been
blessed by the six guys I've been
blessed where this just elbows around
with my breath you know what are we were
cool guys nothing matters
oh my god nothing matters I don't know
what even I am associated not at
inspiring making a statement in look
like I'm ready for early retirement
okay me nigga dystopian issues as they
get over here so you're whatever you
thought so it's all good you don't worry
what I was thought what's up 133 a.m. at
the all nighter begin my car is arriving
at 8:30 for that and he's finished bad
it's in my book and with my book layout
and I need to pack and it's gonna happen
you know why you know why you smell that
you smell that
just Mela blessings from the Six Gun I
its many hours later it's 542 I just
sent the email with the chapters and
everything and it's good and we good but
now I got a pack and there's still a few
more things I got to do but the things
that were due for like the morning like
right now are sent and I need to pack
and then maybe and get in like an hour
of sleep
wouldn't that be swell let's try I just
got to put everything correct Oh toilet
tuck well la time is 6:30 I can sleep
for an hour and a half and then we're
heading to Toronto to do a whole bunch
of stuff it's been an amazing few days
birthday hit 10,000 Rafiki sold which
was like way past where I thought we're
gonna sell under still two days left in
the sale so that's
awesome um and today I'm at Drake it was
just my I don't know my life is like
what is my life I don't know I don't you
know cuz I don't you don't bill Bob Joe
Tim any of all Oh
any of you guys know when I miss cuz I
don't know all I know is that I'm really
super grateful and so motivated and
inspired you to work really hard and be
the most bright light I can be in this
world but this might be crazy delusional
sleepy talk right now I'm gonna eat some
cereal wash my makeup I got some sleep
but tomorrow we're heading to Toronto to
see mommy and celebrate birthday with
Toronto fehmi's check on me chatting
hmm if you like it subscribe if you like
and subscribe
going into the pool the first time I got
my my home here
ready good fix the rest attend a we all
have work to do I'm gonna post a video
so I'm gonna make a video i am gonna
release my book cover i have videos for
that done i stood to think of an actual
comedy video now but we're gonna have a
little bit of li√®ge because it's 37
degrees which is how many internal 113
is very hot it's very hot it is my happy
birthday I'm allowed to slack a little
bit today right
