rise and shine it's 9:00 a.m. I woke up
at 7:45 a.m.
we are at YouTube space la about to do
some prep for sure to have on Monday I
can't tell you a lot about this so I'll
zoom in on the secretive day but you
know I want you to I love you I want you
I love you and this affair is gonna be
worthwhile I promise okay also sleep
schedule on point tells my dad's ass my
sleep schedule appointment so many
secrets oh my god well right now we're
doing it here makeup test my hair which
I get as big as possible why y'all never
know until later when I tell you life
okie-dokie I'm back home it is 3:48 p.m.
got a lot done
decent my stuff done whoa what's
happening here no it's good because I
feel like I'm gonna be sleepy tonight
and you guys only got like five hours
sleep my lie down for 20 minutes it's
good every 20 minutes because someone's
coming over to drop off my keys and tell
you innit so I have to be up so as chill
I'm not even that hat movie is really
hot it's really hot
um I am I do a little bit nap yeah we
forget to do this shoot oh my god I I
don't so many secrets but shoot oops
here's the keys to the first Potter
house ever bought right here in this bag
oh my god oh my god wait is that the
thing is that the address I am I shown
you my address right now no oh my god oh
my god I'm so excited
and so disoriented cuz I will go for my
nap but these are the keys to the first
Poland holla
the keys are finally grabbed oh he's up
by the nature oh this is so pretty cool
I need to make times I go there like I
own that house I haven't gone yet I need
to and we can go there and like order my
hot tub dual easy I think in my life
together I still have food some time
grocery shopping I saw my dream house
but so just so much eating um elections
and Walking Dead I'm not gonna lie after
I woke up I took a little bit of a nap
again I was so disoriented but I still
impre-- tired so I didn't take that long
I went up um I I wish y'all can see me
watch The Walking Dead or any show for
that matter because my commentary is so
hilarious I'm calling myself others
anything that happens I would look
screaming at the TV you know walkers are
coming to having conversation but yeah
yeah good good I love conversation yes
that we used to put it easier this way
your die your stupid nothing stupid now
you got been good good die not oh great
oh great oh yeah let's let's talk about
our feelings right now that's quite a
ways quite let's play the sentimental
music while the zombies are coming you
idiot like this is my this is me um I'm
gonna watch a couple more episodes I
really am trying to get better at this
guilt thing I don't know what it is like
today Saturday I literally have nothing
do have nothing to do but I'm just like
oh I could do this and get ahead of
stuff the same thing I was talking to
the other day but I don't have anything
to do as in like of course I do but like
I don't know anything to tomorrow
I shouldn't feel guilty enjoying a
Saturday I need to find like a balance
in my brain like I was telling someone
I'm like I did fittings and costumes and
stuff everything today for a shoot but
my mind I'm like oh I did one thing but
that one thing required so many other
things I need to like get better at that
so
washing raps episodes I don't have any
emails to go through I think what it is
I just know that I got to move I got a
furnace that ish I gotta work on my
twelve colossal Christmas and I'm trying
to hiring more team right so I think I
know I need to do all those things like
and also do this girls do shopping
honestly it Walking Dead let's go I give
up
I don't give up I'm like you're a fit
guy I need to get better not feeling
guilty as you have to
just let me know in the comments this be
real I'm gonna still keep on walking
dead we all look guilty - enough to not
watch it Williams you know it is them
mine season 6 episode 10 so I feel like
in a couple episodes I won't even have
this dilemma because something over but
dude they learn a new content and I
don't didn't Aaron and don't judge me
Netflix God obviously after watching The
Walking Dead you'll speak to me like
that okay alright now that I finished
all of season six of a Walking Dead and
I have nothing else to do I'm gonna go
do some work um they ended on such a
cliffhanger look away also few days ago
when I was like dying and devastated
over my favorite favorite characters
dying he didn't actually die you know
they stepped it up in season six till
they step it up I was like okay okay I
see you twisting that plant like a
pretzel I see you okay Joe I got a good
amount of work done just now I'm feeling
good about myself so I didn't waste my
life also I saw a few blogs ago people
are commenting on these pictures is this
like you haven't seen them before like
these have been in the whole time and
some people were like oh my god is that
Batman kissing Robin that's so wrong I'm
just like hi welcome to 2016 with Love
Wins Batman wasn't cos Robin Batman kiss
Robin the point of these pictures is
that they're all superheroes that are
doing normal things that normal people
do showing that we're all superheroes
and even superheroes have their moments
like Wonder Woman is stuffing her bra
Captain America is drinking booze Batman
Robin kissing not that he's wrong with
that but they're liking all their humans
spider-man's picking his nose I think
it's very deep I think we learn
something from these pictures so why you
trippin tie shoelaces it's a Mario car
you didn't drive over banana why you
tripping out right you know I'm talking
about tell them yeah we're talking about
this earlier whether like yo these
remember you're saying you read the
comments you would yeah don't ask don't
let don't act shy no acting camera shy
right now don't act shy right now but
you're telling you read the comments get
out of here
yet I will talk I'll talk to you later
um anyways I have to go wash the dishes
because I have officially run out of
glasses and forks and I think I'm almost
running out of bowls so I can't even
drink bowl water so
let's go do that hi I haven't been able
to drink water and so long cuz I've had
a clean glass it's great refreshing
could me this is what an adult looks
like right here hmm I don't think I've
rinsed the soap up properly either way
this is what an adult looks like right
here ah tomorrow is gonna be a very
eventful day I am shooting two collabs
and I have me with Kyle and another and
that's it there's also rejuvenation
sound a need to wash my hair I need to
fix my eyebrows do all eating them
because on Monday I have a shoot that's
going on tomorrow I'm getting back into
the work zone guilt-free it's fine no
one next thing is I've been alone in my
apartment for a long time I think this
might be one of the longest time piers
where someone hasn't stayed here with me
cuz you just like chase or humble or
someone but so it's a bit hard to work
sometimes in your alone but it's good
it's good I like it I mean I have no
more watching dead to walk so unless I
start another show you're not going to
it she's not going to right now but yo
I'm keeping mad secrets from you but all
the shoes I'm just talking random crap
right now because I'm trying to
overcompensate for the fact that this
vlog might even boring even those videos
combined so we had to overcompensate but
your look how exciting I am getting
turnt with the h2 hazel with the h2
Hisle brah I'm later we out here
Saturday night starred in it what is my
life where I've been like five days and
I haven't made popcorn and popcorn
machine where are my priorities also I
had to do it because not it does every
time she comes
oh look look at all this look great
great amazing cool great um what's it
done Chuck will la love it
ah thank you for turning me on today my
day full of secrets I have secrets and
I'm sorry oops
um but all exciting things are happening
I hope you had a great day I don't know
what to say I figured oh no speak
English
I would be a great day tomorrow's gonna
be eventful day and I'm sorry once again
for not be able to vlog a lot of things
but always know that I was actually
having this discussion today with who's
having with
Andrea and candy I was talking on how
I'm taking very seriously like mentally
because I know a lot of people of vlog
can go crazy like I see it firsthand a
lot of my friends and stuff I'm just
like I never want to be the person that
does things only to vlog or feels
obligated to vlog simply because I feel
like that will not allow for the
longevity of my career like if you
mentally in a good place and so if I
don't want to vlog something if I want
to keep something a secret if I want to
like save something it's okay for me to
do that and I think that's an important
thing because you can go crazy doing
this stuff man I ain't trying to go
crazy you might try to go crazy I am NOT
crazy I'm like a sane person hey miss me
gonna unicorn I'm coming I am doing what
I'm told you if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe I've been saying
I'm gonna bra shopping for a week I'm
Tanya what's wrong with me my legs are
itchy
honestly I'm never shaving again
