oh my god the weirdest things happened
so pretty weird it's like - I woke up I
was supposed to pick up Derek from the
airport but my stomach was hurting and I
was too tired so I sent over for him
he's out there we'll talk about in a
second cuz I'm so weird happen so I'm
here I'm sleeping and I was stuck in a
dream like I was stuck I could not wake
up and this happened to me before but
not like this it's like I kept waking up
and thinking I was living my day but
then I'd blink it I'd be right back
there again and I could not get myself
to wake up so the first time I says I
heard some water so I walk I woke up and
I came over here and the wash room was
completely leaking and there's like
water squirting everywhere and I was
like yelling I said Greg Derek call
someone and then I opened the door and I
was back here again and I was like oh it
was just a dream I'm so stupid and then
I got up and I got to my bed and I was
like oh I'm so dizzy and I was like
falling and then I fell and then I was
here again and I was like wait what's
happening then I was like okay this time
like shut up we get up Louie and I got
up and I walked over here and I started
eating breakfast and I was like I was
such a weird dream and I was back to her
again I could not get up I was stuck in
the gym and I when I finally woke up I
did not believe I was awake for like
five minutes I was like don't come out
with me brain I know what you're doing
it was the weirdest crap ever but long
story short look who's here you have
meetings in LA so we decided to come
earlier cuz it's my happy birthday soon
happy birthday not yet
oh happy birthday tomorrow fine forget
all this stuff when you go run some
errands and then spike said she wants to
take me out for dinner at 5:30 I think
she has to go for sleeves though because
she knows that so much work to do
and she told me to dress up a bit so I'm
like you're telling me to dress up
something must be happening but we'll
find out when you go do some food runs
and alcohol runs so that's what we won't
do let go
yep I think we're having a party thank
you for your service your cars um we
held up the elevator and like just
loaded it to death and I was gonna hold
it I'm at the park though so they went
up and I hope I've got enough stuff I'm
really not good at buying enough stuff
for parties I either under buy over by
so I bought a lot of stuff hoping I over
bye
how are you sure who's gonna come
already woke up to a gang of like text
messages morning me like yeah yeah I
don't know if I can make it was like
it's cool that's fine I am going to
trial this weekend's like I'm actually
really missing my mom today
I'm not used to spending these special
moments without her so I'm just kind of
like little bit every birthday I always
also really miss not her last birthday
particular I was like a mess so I don't
know what it is something my brother
just like I don't know but wouldn't be
positive very good and everything's
great and so I gonna take me up for a
lil bit I don't know what his plan I'm
still it's like almost causing me
anxiety because I'm like book of a book
deadline I already got an email I was
like this cannot be pushed so don't even
try to pull your charming like hey guys
so I already know tomorrow all right my
birthday time I make a video I went for
work on my book I'll work all day and I
like go to the movie movie and leaving a
thing what am I gonna do free all day
that's stupid
look at this squad right here Killingly
not it's too helpful in my brother might
be Broca my people cover and be on loss
first and you bowl thank you but my
please my heart agrees yeah I solved
that we're gonna get this place already
um we're not the bit disastrous and
stuff but look at all this preparation
of gone right here you're looking at all
this oh my god when my friends already
showed up look hi thanks for coming
every person this room is a horrible
liar first of all every person because
I'm all like yo you guys know we're like
Sara shaking me they're like what do you
any mean what do you mean and they all
this stupid smile and I'm stressed okay
I'm anxious you know something I don't
know
yeah this is the face of a lighter right
here a lying people cover here
you're getting dinner I have dinner at
5:30 if you had a hole in your calendar
I probably won this outfit a bazillion
times like a bazillion so you can
pretend like you've never seen before oh
my god oh TD or old
OTN let's be real outfit of everyday
Lego I am so shocked these people
surprised me and all these people showed
up and I'm like I didn't even think they
were joke to my apartment but no oh no
they showed up to my apartment there
showed up at my favorite restaurant Oh
Lucy told me wasn't gonna come
I'm hardly surprised in the ot friends I
was dressing walk away I was I kind of
have friends doesn't show up and I'll
showed up just surprise me here and then
I come back to my apartment I'm lucky my
friends are so cute the menu says happy
birthday and then also says ten milli
for Lily and like that's so awkward
because I don't hit it but they had so
much faith that I would that the menu
says it he rolled up
you guys I have two seconds I have two
seconds in the spotlight and she has to
feel it Ceylon tell me exactly what to
do
okay
okay to tell you a secret
we had a little li LLY balloons and we
had one of the elves to see if she would
notice we hit one of the elves update
she hasn't noticed yet so this is what
is
Harvey
here's the hidden one
too much because understand the question
I love Lily because she's just so
generous and sincere and I giving trying
to help people I love Lily because one
time at base camp
she gave me really great sentence look
that's why we bring knowledge in the
ninth inning
I love Lily because she surrounds
herself with great people like you
white people are getting turned Lily
because of inspiration and Jeanne when
inferring
I love Lily because she's like the
female version of meeting Sam wrong when
we bought when we live stream my nose
agent right head net break this up by
moving on till our boyfriend
oh sorry oh yeah wait were too
because she's cool they I'm gonna come
back to him when he's not sitting next
to life we have to lay reasons we love
love me so I really want to embarrass
her and she was genuine to behind she is
one of the best golfers to have and
she's in real life yes Maya this is
teammate apart right here reasons why I
love Lily is because she accepts people
for who they are no matter how in cheer
or not confident thing maybe or awkward
and she still loves this no matter what
so Thank You Lily happy birthday and
it's not really her birthday yet but
happy birthday and thank you for people
like
yeah who's this from us
that's so awesome
Daniel you like to impress the gifts
everywhere soothe if you're watching and
Lilly Singh can guarantee 1.5 million
views in 30 days so if you just want the
recipe and deal that's totally cool
where work is not working and a wooden
family's once it's nominated a
see you know oh my god I've been naked
for the past like every day we like
shook it if you spend a lot of money on
this or something you're really happy
that were really mad oh my god crazy
oh my god she's free and I did with her
a string diamonds on it because Kendall
a fast driver took your diamond did your
dad do this
thanks Charlotte at YouTube got a
magnificent cake delivered to me in
Toronto and the driver destroyed it on
the driver but you taught do some work
for you
Oh
so heavy so heavy
yeah yeah
happy birthday dear Lily
happy birthday to you
turn uh come on get them down quickly I
am too shocked that all of these people
Cambridge surprised via now we're going
to my apartment have a party I am too
shocked right up I literally woke up
this morning I was like stressed because
I was like oh my god my first birthday
away from home and also to be knowing
strike I'm no one's texting me back they
were texting back as water surprised me
these people this was so much absent to
everything I feel so special and first
of all I didn't this is like just
feeling I'm feeling right now is
probably the biggest surprise I did not
expect to feel this loved and just
awesome and cared about by people I will
talk about this later but I'm just so
excited but everyone my party get drunk
yes yes because we have Patoka Deepika
vodka all of the refreshments you can
Sandra oh my god I knew sue so change
I'm on myself a pink slip cup and if
people don't know these people for Maile
they don't know I don't know right cuz
they're not they don't come to a house
party they don't know what this is right
here they're learning but you know I'm
mad
are youare you surprised I'm not
surprised are you though do people they
don't know if they don't know yet you
know you know some other people here
might know but they don't know yet
nothing to play the game
stop talking and plate again
and all
my husband is here ukulele by the way
are you
everybody jamming out I'm really
surprised that more than three people
showed up to be honest it's again your
reunion reunion except all the people
that are missing
ah
sure
all right the time is 2 a.m. I just
wanna show you what my apart looks like
is just looks like such a stereotypical
after party situation I already here is
a unicorn filled with skittles this look
can we just take a moment to just like
just so stereotypical party just like a
disaster this is a poem for tomorrow
it's a proper time look I am still
standing look at the sea ukulele
Marshall bought me friggin sweetheart he
named it uke you kalui oh man my place
is a disaster we go clean it tomorrow
it's a problem for tomorrow not today hi
it's been 30 and I'm an old person now
but it's ok you know I don't care how
old I am I'll feel young at heart
and I'm proud and I feel like it's been
a very very great year and I'm just so
exceptionally humbled and grateful for
everything to happen
honestly I'm gonna put some real some
real talk I've said it before I'll say
it again I was so stressed I was like I
wasn't stressed but I was like just not
expecting much I was like they're not to
go home to Toronto understand I'm in
print they no one's gonna come here so
many of my friends came to the dinner to
surprise me then also came to the
apartment I was just not expecting that
like and Celine was staying till 12
their trial you know that you push up
that footman's day this day till 12 just
like I felt like had friends and I was
like especially my team they like really
went above and beyond to like set up my
party and surprise and do all these
gifts and just like oh I was not
expecting even a fraction of this but
I'm really really lucky and I'm really
grateful have some spectacular people in
my life I'm just like free I didn't even
know what I didn't deserve you people so
thank you um great time and tomorrow
when I wake up it's my birthday but it's
still video day and I still have that in
my book so I'm thinking that throughout
the day I'm gonna work up chaos also 39
degrees Celsius tomorrow which is really
very hot so I told Kyle and not on them
to bring their swimsuits so I'll do work
we'll go swimming and then I'll work
we're hoping the evening we can catch a
movie or something until I balance out
the work and play it but like gasps
thank you so much for spending this time
with me I just I feel really really
lucky and blessed
so really cool thank you everyone that
made my birthday so special thus far and
I haven't even gone on Twitter or
anything and I'm sure you're all making
me feel even 10 time and more specials
thank you but I really Ben I love you
all so much
we're in this together and if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
and since my birthday I really only want
one thing for me if you want to buy a
girl ever Vicky as a birthday gift
the link is in the description if you
like subscribe you want people god I
love people that were people couple of
every flavor again if you met before guy
stop right here with Jen please
