oh I'll be Boca
when we when we when we with you want
people that I want people that were
people couple of every flavor again you
see my people buy shop right here again
please good morning good afternoon is to
something I slept in
woke up a little while ago put a load of
laundry in a some cereal and now the
goal for today is there's a few things
number one is I have to get everything
sorted out for that girl event I'm
having in Toronto there's two one is
that my old University York University
and the second one is with my family and
friends that I'm more castrati instead
of a birthday party having like this
all-girls event to talk about girl love
so that means so much to me so I still
need to rent a place for that and figure
out food and all the other stuff so I
want to do that we got to do some
chapter editing for the book I'm always
out of breath when I start the walk is
I'm so excited and I just given my 200%
and affirmed on this clip I'm like
enough but not this time maybe not this
time I mean but not this time
so that's what happened chapter event
planning I want to clean up the place
because tomorrow I'm having a few
friends over because tomorrow at
midnight which I guess technically the
next day is my birthday and I'm not home
as the first time to all my family and
friends so I invited a few of my la
friends over which I'm a little nervous
about because I'm kind of friends here
but I don't know people are so busy so I
don't if anyone's gonna come but it's
okay because I know like five people
will come for sure and if even three
people come I'm happy so I'm just really
excited to spend some time and do some
EXO - were going on Lego yeah got my
Chipotle what is this oh time put in a
plate about my chips okay not the end of
the world
oh I really heartbroken about it chips
are my favorite part or so I can have a
productive day no need abort abort the
ambulance is fine I'm gonna survive
got the rice bowl no chips did I mention
that's okay because we're very blessed
to have even this so let's keep working
Oh
these being a lazy bum I'm doing work
but it's not like very productive
I'm just getting carried away with like
doing a task and then switching to
another tasks that actually completing
this task and my mind just going
everywhere now I'm so doing sleepy and
I'm just like oh I'm not being very
productive why it's also like a really
beautiful day outside maybe I should go
for a walk
lay out on the Sun for a while I don't
know we're gonna figure it out we're
gonna figure it out let's do it what up
what up the time is seven I just after
my last clip of being like I don't know
I'm lazy whatever I just shut up and
went to work so here I have organized
all the chapter images of my book I'm so
pretty look how pretty there and here on
this side of my computer I have all the
chapters organized as well into sections
now I'm going to go through and edit
them the reason I put in order first is
because I was like I want to make sure
I'm referencing things in the chapters
that people would have already read in
which I'm doing things in order so now
it's important to like take those things
to consideration so there's start the
editing process and my goal is that
before the deadline which is like four
days from now I can just read the entire
book from beginning to end and make sure
that like everything makes sense in
order in chapters the hardest thing for
me is like which chapters should go
before which chapters and like the order
of chapters that's difficult for me like
oh that's not on my channel so the time
is eight oh seven I'm going to these
chapters I just want to share with you
how incredible it feels we're going to
these chapters because I'm reading
through them and I'm just like did I
write all of this did I really write all
of this because I like it
and it's exciting and I'm just like yo
I'm reading and I'm like this a lot of
work that I'm reading and I'm like open
up on did that I did that work and I
just want to let it be known in the most
humble way possible cuz a few of my
friends actually not I was over and she
was like yeah you know through my
friends been asking like is really
actually riding home book or does she
have a ghostwriter and people have asked
me straight up as well to like yo like
are you writing there getting
ghostwriter and I'm just like
ex-squeeze-me yeah acting like I you
know hear out and putting work y'all so
go practice you asked me about ghost
riders yelling watching my blogs YouTube
I'm slash Superman blogs that yeah I see
my Instagram Polson y'all go see my
sleep schedule dawg
to each their own I am not at all
criticizing anyone was ghostwriter to
each their own but I did not get a
ghostwriter that doesn't make me better
but that's just not how I want to do my
book and then my friend was like yeah I
told her just go watch your vlogs and
and that moment that way I'm like oh
yeah oh I work of reading these choppers
I'm like oh snap now a lot of work I did
so when you read this book know besides
editing and grammar and like things like
that I wrote and I wrote this I wrote
this book you saw it you saw happen
I'm so proud I'm so happy because I love
it so far that is what I want to say
I've emotional right now
I just swerve
give it a ding right now yeah I'm going
to head to the grocery store real quick
a lot of work done time is 10:30 p.m.
and you'll get a few basic things and
something to eat and that's the vibes
we're gonna get out of the apartment a
little bit go for a little journey that
consists of like 1 kilometer and we'll
live our best life living our best life
upper her leg oh I bought a few things
for the party as well I thought might as
well like try to get a little bit done
today even though I've come back
tomorrow I'm like really bad at buying
food for parties because I either by way
too much or way too little I never just
buy the right amount of anything
hello Joe cars thank you but I know this
is round one will do some more tomorrow
hope for the best
the people will be really followed those
doors I'll figure it out
yo got myself some subway I'm about to
eat it it's 11:30 8 p.m. and packed all
stuff put in the fridge is all the stuff
I don't know if you guys don't have like
bowls like bowls to put chips in and
design me up like one because I've never
had that issue over at my house he's
invest in that tomorrow I'm going to
take a break ate some food and watch
some YouTube I go twos are always
Natalie Tran
grace Kingsley Colleen all my friends um
yeah it's hot today I also have the
place set to know a cease is like 80
degrees I love that you already know
what's up you Rena what's up oh yeah I
get the chips in the sandwich Oh wah wah
that's what's up wah wah pop Kong the
time is 227 a.m. I'm done 25 chapters
just halfway and I stopped three more
days so I'm gonna call it a night there
I'm going to kind of clean possibly
picking out for tomorrow even those
casual do a few more things before I
call at night 228 I'll try to be in bed
by like 3 ish is what I'm thinking
that's what I'm thinking you mean and
bad that's what's crack-a-lackin' got
anything else to tell you let me think
ah AFP you I'm sorry you know what this
is you know this is my friend's envelope
right here this is my final book cover
and this envelope right here so let me
just take their little look out and show
you just I'm just kidding
I'm not gonna do that because I'm a jerk
and maybe I'll do that tomorrow on a
very special day and show you the cover
to my book alrighty so I just finish
doing my laundry pull my clothes away
and I just opened these things and every
once in a while in life you receive a
package so great that it makes trouble
boom you're probably wondering what that
is this is a two very heavy boxes love
let's get into it hold up hold up hold
up hold up
leggo okay not only did they send me
every type of skittles but you know how
this had me the original ones you know
when you have this many skittles there's
only one thing to do go swimming come to
mosquitoes come to me please allow me to
recreate movie scenes as I swim in these
skittles promise me you'll never let go
promise me you'll make it though this
rose
Life of Pi crap I'm dead I see sin duda
- I'm gassy don't Odenton something I'm
a mermaid and I am a lobster under the
sea
Disney movie Nemo
Nimmo Oh toilet aqua Lele
the big bag of Skittles open it's a
little bit of a situation but we I got
it under control okay eight the month
floor um all that swimming got me tired
I'm gonna head to bed tomorrow I'm
having a small party if I put show up
I'll be very happy it's not a lot of
people that show up honestly I'm just
really blessed and humbled and honored
sign my birthday tomorrow but I mean I
meant a year that's that's this is
premature this whole talk is premature
let's not do this I need something for
tomorrow's vlog oh I'm gonna bed I had a
productive day today went shopping did
my laundry edit enjoy my chapters what
else strategy why did I do anything else
today was I unproductive is that all I
did no I did those edits I sent those
emails I swam in skittles it was a
success today was a success
thank you for joining me today I hope
you had it skittle oh you had a great
day um thank you anyone my bad didn't
mean to coughing it you're like that
alright P headphone users I'll say it
for you certain combo
you are my Gulliver P key you can do
slow link is in the description curl up
mean sorry we got org slash girl love
there is now officially five days that
wait five days for you to get that
bracelet so you can go head and do that
if you want to do it and that's all for
now if you like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe too many things are
happening today and I wish they were
spread out so my vlogs could be
interesting for a whole week because
I've lost some but today is gonna be
good good so many things are happening I
want be knows right just scrolling down
like this
nada right yep she got me birthday gift
you want to see to us enjoy mother F it
ready to see this right now okay look at
this
