so a little party whoo
good morning the time is why was about
7:30 is now 8:00 almost we are heading
to set of life and pieces you don't have
some pieces my Walken is just kidding I
struggle to fall asleep last night
though I went to bed early like 1:30 I
fell asleep but like 334 so not great
but it's ok because we know my sleep
schedule is effed
how about I'm feeling good I'm telling
myself I'm feeling confident I'm a
little bit nervous but I shouldn't be I
only have five six lines and it's not my
first rodeo but you know it's always a
step out of my comfort zone but that's
what we got to do we got to step out of
our comfort zone we got to do it look
how dirty Jakarta's so look at this this
but it's okay you know why you know what
it's a good day
we're gonna control the day everything's
in our control well not everything but
the things that are in our control and
things aren't in our control we're gonna
know the difference and we're know
conquer the ones that are in our control
step 1 let's be on time lego house i'm
off of CC that's right and off the hill
behavior you know this date game free I
got girls I'm just kidding pg-13 just
getting drinks shouldn't wait for regard
everything I said I was just trying to
sound if rap lured laughs rap lyrics
sounded overly sophisticated hmmm video
idea possibly I'm jot that one down
leggo yo yo yo so I'm in my trailer
getting into wardrobe and I'm feeling
good it's really sunny and hot outside
like that's a good sign because God
knows I love the Sun um and I'm good
like I said I want to get better at
enjoying the moment I've actually gotten
a lot better people commented on it
being like hey you look seem really
happy you know what I'm really happy I
think that's come solely from learning
how to be more present in the moment and
not always thinking about the next
moment or thinking about like you know
yesterday's moment but leaving the
current moment so yeah a little bit
nervous and anxious but the goal is just
like you well ones that like I'm on set
having fun do what I love to do living
my dream and I don't want to be too
stressed or too concerned about anything
to not enjoy that and
that's what I'm gonna do um something
feeling good but sign this contract and
we don't do things like Oh
also I'm playing a babysitter that's all
I'm going to tell you yoyoyo just got my
makeup did what tattoos what are you
talking about what not just as love
because the one was showing um like
magic how they do this they're like an
hour behind but that's pretty usual for
sets um and then we're gonna get the
show on the road I'm excited me hey I
still haven't started yet its 11:14 um I
hope we start soon because I have a
house appointment at 3:30 to with a
contractor to discuss some things I want
to change and today I'm signing
officially for the place it's a big day
it's a big day so hopefully we make it
there but just chillin still waiting do
my thing bout to eat some Cheerios I
wrapped my bag like an adult drew oh
right they switch to my hair and did
this little cool part thing um just for
a shot the first scene Michael a little
nervous in the beginning um because I
don't know you know I always I wish try
sticking to the script so hard not
realizing that like you I can kind of
freestyle things sometimes like bring on
my flare I'm just like completely
comfortable or or believe it's
appropriate to do that and then takes me
a few takes to like kind of do it but
you know stepping on my comfort zone
doing it it's lunch right now I'm about
to eat a veggie burrito and then we
shoot our other scene and then right
into the house I was also cast and crew
so nice everyone's so nice so great so
great yo I am a wrap that was so much
fun
everyone's so nice I made a new friend
uh her name is Oh and she was amazing
and wonderful and had so much fun oh so
happy but now oh we gotta go buy a house
what is my life this is my adorable
realtor who loves when I vlog and so
told me to start vlogging she's very
awkward now and it's wonderful
oh my god
oh my god I'm gonna show you the place
momentarily my kick everyone out and
show you the place you're amazing ah
this is a moment for me I want to know
this is a moment for me
today's the seventh day and as soon as I
get home I'm signing the papers thus
confirming that I will be purchasing
this house or whatever it is um it's a
big it's a big bittersweet about it
because I wish my mom or someone was
here with me cuz I I'm not good at this
stuff I don't know a lot about it like a
contractor just came gave me a quote for
like pot lights and all the surround
sound stuff and almost like I don't know
how much stuff supposed to cost so I'm
gonna have like FaceTime my mom and dad
like what I do but I'm gonna show you
the place very briefly um the new lily
pad
I will technically own it officially on
September 30th so it's kind of like a
birthday present to myself I guess
although the real present is a girl love
campaign but it's just the timing is
just lining up so I'm gonna stop
blabbering now because I'm nervous and
that's why I'm doing this
but after today I can't back out but
it's officially mine on September 30th
so this is a new lily pad right now it
is furnished beautifully when I get it
it will be unfurnished so I thought I'd
show you this furniture now so you can
see what it turns into
later on I already welcome to the lily
pad when you lily pad is the entrance
okay when you enter we go like this this
is the current office that will be
changed it's got a cause that's got a
washroom the garage is over there and go
off the stairs and this is the family
room that leads into the dining area
leads into the kitchen my favorite part
of the entire place is these doors they
actually retract completely into the
wall so it just looks like this is an
open area and extends the whole thing
which I love as you can see it's
furnished very beautifully this is the
kitchen one of my other favorite part
the only part I want to show off to my
mom because she'll be proud is this lazy
susan comes out which is very cool
wine cooler and then we got the bathroom
they're washing right here okay and then
we're gonna go upstairs so timing and
then he'd get here this is one of the
guest bedrooms so the other guest
bedroom
washer/dryer guest washroom and I keep
on cruising keep on cruising so it would
be my bedroom and then this is going to
be my washroom right here can sit and
take showers water water your level of
laziness this is my closet so you can
see it's bigger I'm gonna get them to
another bar here to add more hope you
like it so far and then we go up high
ceilings as you know I like them go up
and select one of my favorite parts so
gonna top death you know how I get
migraines and everything always hurts
your helps with that hot tub I will have
one now but it's hot tub ready so I'm
gonna order hot tub and put it here
and this is the rooftop this is my own
private rooftop which makes me very
happy because imagine like having my
family my nephew's here with I'll chill
have a barbecue um so that's essentially
it that's the new lilly pad and I'm
really nervous please be supportive in
the comments because I'm really nervous
about this decision and um yeah it's
different
um the cult could go there on the water
on ice overwhelmed I don't know I really
hope you like it it's different in the
sense that like I can't explain it like
I guess people can have their own
separate areas we'll come together in
the living space downstairs I really
really like because there's options in
my current apartment you kind of can't
ever feel like you're alone if people
are there so yeah what do you think do
you like it let me know and if you don't
like it and don't be too harsh politely
tell me um but yeah also in the most
humble way I like it and that's what
most important to me because this is a
big decision for me and I'm very happy
and let me show you what I was talking
about so whole pun and then
so the doors disappear pretty red in the
front pretty curtains comes then too
many things are happening today and I
wish they were spread out so my vlogs
could be interesting for a whole week
because my vlog thought but today is
gonna be good so everything's happening
I want Minos right just crawling out
like this this one right here
nada right yeah she got me a birthday
gift you want to see twisty joint mother
f it ready to see this right now okay
look at Vince's look it is in the woman
feet branded we polka layer it's a
popcorn machine on will I am dead this
is the best thing that's ever happened
to you I cannot got a cool beer
chlorines I just won tell you how much I
love you they make 30 cups of popcorn an
hour
have you told me after make popcorn
twice an hour this is the like you
nailed a guest friend leg mama I love
that woman straight up cuz there's been
too late total I got sick this looks I
freaking love this I'm too happy right
now what an eventful day I'm going to
sign these papers right now to purchase
the house and I'm gonna being a lot of
soul even the first traffic book is done
I have another deadline which is Monday
for me to edit based on all the notes I
received back so a lot of work to do
also I have to send so many emails about
the layout of the book but I want to
chapter sections to be what I just a lot
of things a lot of things with the
designs and all that stuff so a lot of
work but I've had a very long day and I
woke up really early so I'm not gonna
get to work right away him to order some
food watch The Walking Dead and yeah
enjoy life a little bit not that I
wasn't earlier today but you know this -
no you just got the job
Hey
this is me signing for my house don't
bring the documents blast DocuSign go
blessed blessed life blessed life
standby came about to click finish on
the last document I just want to take
this moment and just say by the grace of
God and the support of team super I am
beyond blessed and grateful to be able
to purchase my first house this year has
been amazing I purchased my first car my
first house did a lot first and this is
a really huge super big deal for me and
scary and I'm glad we just share this
moment and I'm just so so grateful that
I am in this very privileged position
and with that I'm going to click finish
we're moving we're moving we're moving
don't wait lily pad you will always leap
at version 1 you will always be in my
heart I will never forget this place
that still remembers this place I will
never forget
I mean this is gonna all be repeated
when I actually live 2 months where I
had that place and this place only two
months to move but I will never forget
the first time I ever walked into my
place having just left my family and
friends seeing all my boxes here and
being like in a completely empty place
just being like what the f am I gonna do
not knowing where my career was gonna go
not knowing how I would decorate this
place not knowing which friends I would
make not knowing anything just being
like we're gonna just figure it out and
I think we figured it out quite well and
I look forward to figuring it out some
more together with you obviously it's
1:00 a.m. and watch walking dead this
whole time obviously but it's ok cuz not
gonna go take a shower wash my hair
with so much hairspray in it then I'm
going to clean my room if I clean my
room I'll feel okay like I did a lot of
work because tomorrow I have a complete
work day Sunday during the day have a
complete work day and Monday I've worked
it so yeah if I clean my room I feel
really good about myself so let's go do
that I feel like my makeup then come off
properly anyways before so there's one
two three three suitcases and one duffle
bag um let's do it and you already know
when Lilly says you go goose up she
won't do it
that's what stuff not only did I clean
up all this stuff with suitcase awake
I'm a closet inspector span this corner
I was full of crap behind my door that I
was hid from you yeah I cleaned that too
I'll clean that too and feeling good oh
I feel like so much better and look at
me look at me I'm skating
it was swimming up in here look at me
look at me yo let me know if y'all want
to some track-and-field right here in
this open space let me know that bleh I
so exciting news for you what eventful
day it's been so y'all know when team
super speaks mama unicorn tries her best
to make it happen you who've been saying
that I mentioned a blog previously that
shipping for the figis with so expensive
in international places because we
didn't have no solution I was like you
owe me too we I called mom and I was
like we need to figure something out
like the shipping is too expensive we
gotta figure it out this is why I love
me we so much because they know how
important you all are to me and I guess
they somehow made a direct deal with the
shipping shipping company or I don't
know how they did it or what strings
they put I feel like they probably
negotiated with a shipping company so
starting right now not only on more
countries added but shipping has been
reduced by like 50 to 60 percent now if
you've already bought a bracelet and you
paid a lot for shipping you will be
refunded and notified by email if you
haven't gotten an email yet you'll get
it by Monday so if you paid more for it
you'll be refunded and starting right
now shipping is 60% cheaper so I hope
that makes it more accessible to all of
you you can buy the girly-girl labra
piki at we don't work slash girl love
the link will be in the description this
still goes on until the
and like I said I'll proceeds go towards
helping girls in Kenya go to school so
yeah I'm going to do that you want to do
astronomical bed and tomorrow we got a
workday ahead of us a Super Saturday if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe please don't lose it it's my
favorite thing ever I know don't worry I
know what I'm doing okay don't spend a
lot of money on things I don't need
things thumbs any money is my favorite
bath time
