I am an ice cube
back in LA what's going on time is 2
p.m. it is cold here I in case 22
degrees cells is not cold at all my part
was 76 degrees Fahrenheit which is not
cold at all I put on the heat I don't
care because a plane was so cold I'm
just so cold
imma take a warm shower I didn't get
much sleep on the plane I don't know why
I couldn't sleep very well but I had so
many dreams which makes me believe that
maybe I did sleep well and I just don't
know it but oh my god I dropped you I am
that mother that just drop her child um
I'm gonna go take a shower you got to
make it a productive day it's video days
Monday to make a video my god you know
do you know get usual work we got a do
that usual work but it's a pretty pretty
easygoing day I do have my final fitting
at 4 p.m. for the streamys which are
tomorrow means squad were like texting
each other trying to figure out the
rider range numbers like y'all meet you
there I gotta rehearse and ish today but
I subscribe like I'm gonna do one of
these because I feel like I need a
little pick-me-up so let's do it
and I do it if you don't like this you
can fast-forward 30 seconds ooh
friendliness
whenever I smile I make someone's day
better what a cool way to buy happiness
for free free today I'll remember what
an awesome power I hold
I'll take joy in improving lives simply
by giving away grins like crazy know in
a pinch money will also work I like that
you know I'm also gonna apply it to
myself today I feel like I have a lot of
emotions going on in my body and in my
mind into my soul and I'm gonna smile at
myself I'm moving a little scare in the
mirror and smile at myself and then I'll
also smile everybody else I see today so
if you see me on the street and I'm like
that is why because of this card Lego
clean my body Lego you wanna come with
me no Big John you can come that's weird
or is it
okay out of the shower back to Claire
didn't clean Lily's not really feeling
good first of all Lily's voice for no
reason is like this also like my head
feels so heavy it's not hurting just
feels heavy I think we did massage today
but every time I get a massage my
masseuse is just like yo your neck is
effed and my neck has been asked like
years but for the past few months
particularly he's been like your neck is
so tight and no matter how much I
massage it it's still tight I don't know
if it's just like a lot going on some
little stressed and I'm holding all my
stress in my neck maybe I have no idea
but like I can literally feel like here
in here
it feels like there's metal rods that
just like are so stiff and heavy but um
that's okay we're gonna maybe want to
take a one-hour nap before the stylist
comes and then we're gonna figure it out
either way it's in our control we're
gonna figure it out we're gonna figure
it out right right cos were in this
together right right all right I just
got two things delivered to me which I
think perfectly are three things
actually with perfectly describe my
aesthetic number one is my stylist
brought me unicorn farts I don't know
what this is a bag of unicorn parts this
is a rainbow of smiles inside 100%
magical how to preserve majestic
hundred-percent mythical ten percent of
all profits donated to the unicorn
Children's Foundation I have no idea
what's inside this bag let's find out oh
my god
can't wait to smell these fuzz oh it's
just calling candy I love calling any
mmm
unicorn boys oh so see just this is
quality product right here quality you
know lifetime supply these hey I should
order a lifetime supply of these and
send them out to me oh my god Levi this
on my to-do list
I just got these as well
okay it's good
are you ready I am I ready Lilly and
Kyle cannot thank you enough for
everything you do your passionate energy
have infiltrated our offices and really
became the fire that drove this campaign
you inspire us keep fighting the good
fight will be beside you every step of
the way David and the we team girl love
for life
oh it's me too we cook oh my god poor
lad right now hold on to that is like
ripping all of these cookies right okay
how amazing thank the smile of this
organization is I was even anything
positive how about this when we were at
movie day
they're all so passionate about
everything they do it's like it almost
seems as if like if it wasn't their job
they weren't getting paid they'd still
act exactly the same way as it seems
like so great and last but not least oh
you know just casually got a letter from
there's a white house hold up hold up
first class do not bend and see hmm to
read this the white house moved with the
White House feel Lily sing dear Lily
thank you for joining me at Howard
University I hope you know that you made
an incredible event even more memorable
with your participation as first lady I
launched reach higher to encourage
students to pursue their dreams and
attain a degree beyond high school I'm
so grateful that passionate individuals
like you share that same goal and help
spread the message of the importance of
higher education again Thank You Lily
and I wish you all the best
sincerely Michelle Obama Oh snack read
apartment so dope cache you know
whatever nominally Chipotle you know
cash no no you just nap for two hours
not me you did I saw you anyways
ten nine 14 and have a massage at 10:30
and I in my sleep wrote my script
very relevant to my life so what to
write the script try to shoot it before
my massage and edit it after that's the
plan
let's see what happens you I just
finished writing my videos actually
really funny I like it a little bit is
from the stand up I did in Singapore i
use the same concept so if you were at
that show we wanted to the jokes might
have already heard but it's really funny
I like it it's called why brazo horrible
or something along that effect and I
have 30 minutes until my missus comes
which I could technically shoot it in
but I want to like take off my hair and
kind of look cute so I'm just gonna wait
and then after the massage I am going to
do it thus ensuring my sleep schedule is
effed up all over again but I have an
interview tomorrow so got 10 a.m. so I
can't really sleep into - too late
unless I just go back to sleep after
that but doll sounds like a tomorrow
issue I work trying to be present in the
moment right now ei me already the time
is 1151 I just finished my massage and
I'm going to go over my script and then
do a make up in the record this video
leg up
alright I'm ready to record I got a bra
here everything's on point with my hair
oh did my eyeliner this effort doe at
12:30 a.m. this effort doll by the way
everyone keeps commented be like you're
mad gray hair and I'm editing an MC what
you're saying I'm seeing what you're
saying like looks like I've gray hair
here it's the way the ring light shines
on the front of my hair by the way I
don't have a ring of gray hair here I
don't think I jus this is Wall Street if
I could be wearing the fugly opposed and
like be eating the fattest food and just
like be so ugly with my eyebrows not
done in a mustache but it fifth harmony
plays I feel sexy as f I don't know what
is it's like work work anyways at the
discuss something very very important
with you that is the word lingerie can
we discuss this for a second
every time I spell lingerie I'm like
yeah I'm like linger T like it's linger
cuz it's too white why's it smell like
that linger eh yo Joe did you hear did
you hear did you hear October 14th
haters back off my BAE Colleen's Miranda
Netflix show October 14 market in your
calendar I just back off October 14th
hitters back off
Margaret e calendar watch a trailer I'm
so excited
also 3m and I should go wash my hair
here's backup who are you expecting
someone else toilet talk well later I
got a few just want to talk before my
face mask Arden's I wash my hair when I
fix my eyebrows got a little bit of a
mustache hope this tool goes away by
tomorrow if not it's okay I love myself
tomorrow the streamys very excited his
squad we are not made for best original
YouTube red feature I feel and in shader
of the year but that's not what's
important what's more exciting if I
could just see all my fellow creators
from are excited about that subtract
like tomorrow that's gonna take up most
of my day today we had a semi productive
day oh my god rail and today I did we
landed made a video we went through
emails with the damn thing would you can
app that's okay that's okay no one's mad
unless you're mad I mean when p.m. judge
Harle I just wanna take your nap I'm
gonna go now because my face mask is
hardening but thank you for joining me
on today and I hope you had a wonderful
day and tomorrow is gonna be exciting
and I'm glad you get to come on these
journeys with me and our you know if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe subscribe I think there's a
sweet lady over there I'm going to do
one Romancing thing hello pretty lady in
Dominator I know you have some other
husband downstairs but I think Irene man
it's okay I had thing for you if that
even nothing else in my life has been
weird this moment just made up virgin
