place that rock Omashu girl
good afternoon I slept in so hard today
I feel great my sleep schedule is so
effed but I'm hoping when I go back to
the west coast won't be as bad cuz like
3 p.m. here is 12 there which is not
like as bad but I make it a priority to
fix my sleeping schedule because it is
affecting my daily living somebody get
on that my mom made me pancakes had
pancakes she's gone I was just coming
back my family's coming home for a
little bit I have a bunch of work to do
today I'm presenting at the streamys so
I have to do some stuff for that that's
happening on Tuesday I have to do some
book stuff have a go through my emails I
got a lot of stuff to do imma get to
work then I'm thinking maybe later on
today I'm gonna take my parents to a
movie or watch a movie here still
debating I don't know we're figuring it
out but we out here it's Sunday tomorrow
morning I'm going back to LA which I'm
bittersweet about bitter said because I
always miss my family but the weather
hearing is the weather here is
uninspiring just Haley's but it's gonna
be a great day the days in our control I
feel like this past month I was talking
to myself in the shower I'm like I fit
this past month has been a revelation
for me I feel like I've evolved so much
as a person over this past month this
past year even you know the year of me
being 27 was I just learned and
experienced so much 20 18 s and crazy
I'm acting like new years right now it's
not I think it's just like the post
birthday situation I just feel like the
past few months have been so I don't
know meaningful I feel like I have this
renewed purpose in life and I'm just so
much more aware of myself and my
surroundings I didn't tune with myself
and it feels beautiful I feel like I've
been refreshed and re-energized and it's
a wonderful feeling so let's make this
the best day possible that got less
crack-a-lackin' so I'm about to turn to
Manjeet cuz I got a record to think of
streamys I'm presenting on Tuesday and
I'm doing a little bit with munchies and
I just realize that I have to like
beamng thoroughly at the same time so I
get my mom to read the lily lines
off-screen and then time in accordance
for the whole complicated thing but
that's what's going on the cutest thing
just happened okay so I'm with my I was
with my niece which is why I went mi I'm
saying one away but I guess it's all the
same time to you but when mi for a
reason cuz my knees came over to light
gonna block it my knees came over and
she's really sweet she's like four years
old and you know she went to that phase
of like not liking me be shy and
actually really likes me and misses me
so we cut yet another cake not a cake
but we took like a little piece of cake
and put a candle in it she really likes
like blowing out candles and sing happy
birthday and stuff so I made her make
the wish and I'm like okay we have to
make the wish I need to close your eyes
make a wish
so she closed her eyes and she made the
wish and I'm like okay you can't tell
anyone now that's not gonna come true
and she's like but I want to tell you
and I was like okay fine just tell me
and she whispers in my ear in her wish
she's like I wish that I could spend
longer time here with you my heart
melted I was like I feel too so loved
and special right now they do like
melted my heart it was so sweet and
special and I was like somebody play
puzzles play with puzzles and repeats in
basketball um I got to do this dream use
video so that's was crack-a-lackin' let
go into Manjeet I think there's a sweet
lady over there I'm going to do one
Romancing thing hello pretty lady in
demand either I know you have some other
husband downstairs but I think I'm real
man it's okay I had things for you that
if nothing else in my life has been
weird this moment just made-up Birkin yo
so we're heading to the movies mmmm I'm
gonna watch storks which I heard is a
really really really good animation with
my mom with X animation IV like
animation so we're going to get popcorn
and storks and it's gonna be left as f
not any night cause my mom just played
um help me with my video with my jeath
and it's always the best because like I
mess up so often when I'm almost so
patient she's so patient she's literally
like never says I suck she might be
thinking it but she never says it she's
a puppy
okay puppy I'll give up eat okay dog
okay bag mate
really oMG most adorable movie ever
storks is so so good okay that shared
trip laugh at me right now because I
thought it was a person it is 11:30 4
p.m. I'm gonna get some work done that I
gotta get done because tomorrow's Monday
in the hospital and in use but that's
what's going on he knows it eat here so
cold here my nose is running and just
want to cuddle up Meshuga and just be by
a fireplace and I have hot chocolate but
I'm not gonna do any of that stuff no
one do emails equally is late ok I love
this thing this thing is like has beads
in it like horrible beads and then you
warm up in the microwave and you put it
over like your neck and shoulders that
they hurt my neck hurts right now and I
like is literally heaven in bead form
it's amazing it's all hot and has I
could smell it you smell do what my like
rubber but otherwise don't oh my god I
just cried and I don't know why and I
dunno why I just cry because I don't
know why or the past it'll be like a
sign of relational so overwhelmed with
like I don't know like I'm not emotional
I'm not an emotional person and so like
it takes a lot to evoke emotions out of
me but I still have recently my life has
been something where I'm like I don't
know I'm like really grateful and I feel
so overwhelmed I don't know why I want
to share that I'm not sad but I just
want to share that I felt overwhelming I
cried and that's ok you should be in
tune with your emotions I'm into my
emotions I dunno why I cried it's
because my life is like so crazy in
terms of like all these amazing things
happening and I feel so loved and
supported and I have so many just
supportive people in my life and I'm so
happy with everything that's happening
with girl love I don't know it just made
me cry so I cried
and sometimes it's okay to just randomly
start crying and that's what I did and
now I'm gonna eat this Kinder Surprise
and I couldn't get torque that's my
story that's miss right every time I
come home I just look around I'm like I
have so much stuff everywhere there's
just so much stuff he's packing good to
go
the time is 1:44 a.m. and my ride is
picking me up at 8 a.m. so you know a
couple hours of sleep I'm dropping
asleep on the plane as well now i watch
the episode of The Walking Dead right
now I'm still getting my Kinder Surprise
I wonder what my toy is going to be and
what do I hope it is um hmm I hope I
hope it's a World Peace I hope my toy is
world peace a little wand that I go and
have World Peace that's I'm hoping for
either that or Channing Tatum wanted to
had to add a little bit of comedy
because I'm taking life too seriously
right now
I wasn't chatting Tatum World Peace it's
whatever hell this purple thing is I
have no idea what this is none but that
I'm not even build it I'm not going to
take the five steps required to build
whatever SSS but I used to have to chalk
it hmm delicious delicious I love white
chocolate by the way well I'm in the
most non racist way also I haven't
gotten pimples in like months but
somehow one two three four five I don't
know why yeah obviously obviously it's
40 I'm gonna watch three episodes and
boys to my fourth obviously obviously it
also just ate lasagna in bed record you
don't know me you know me or watch one
more episode go to bed I think the
reason of our drippings have a five-hour
flight home and they never Wi-Fi and I
can't do any work
that's um asleep on the plane - we're
going on
yeah there's also no timers my god is a
5 a.m. how did this how did this happen
I don't even go to bed gotta wake up in
like two half hours to the airport not
going to toilet talk cuz I'm competing
in bed
matcom beast is sitting and my parents
all like up if I do that so thank you
for joining me on a day on a day that I
had today which was today um I was end
my vlog in the stupidest ways I don't
know what to say so much thank you for
joining me in my blog today on vlog
Channel thank you good work um if I were
heading back to LA I don't know why my
voice is like this can't go in diet but
I hope you had a great day and yo
honestly I tweeted this as well be
unapologetic with your feelings you're
sad you're happy whatever it is okay
however you feel it's okay you're gonna
get through it
we're gonna get through it we always
have the power to get through it I'm not
even saying this is someone who's sad
I'm just saying that someone who's
learned to be unapologetic with whatever
I feel whatever I feel is okay so be
proud of your emotions and with that oh
if you liked it subscribe if you liked
it subscribe
we wanna meet you feel singing
