oh my god that is a wrap on all of the
collabs and they're done in example we
would have said if the cloud happened
today is 5:30 a.m. good morning
oh snap repping that's new new that new
you right there BAM male once again
right now you know Egg McMuffin low
sausage and the Saltine we are in the
airport we booked a flight nine seconds
ago
estimated nine seconds ago to go to
secret destination Chicago to shoot a
collaboration I'm about to shoot my last
collaboration it's not releasing last
was the last shoot we have so excited
noises done we've all been broke was a
kind of action quality we're gonna fly
right now we're gonna hit the ground
then we're gonna do it into the uber
we're gonna transport in check bags you
have no time your let's run very one
night we're gonna have a nice evening
tutor governess you don't know why
because the last lap I'll be your drawer
yo you know what day you don't date it
four days of today what is it what is it
your date is I was like given urge to
merge is releasing today also my left
wait when you watch this what you would
have known who my last collaboration was
with Buster so took my wallet
it was so mash up and bruises it I have
a seat where I kiss a girl and you know
if you laws girls talking about like oh
I'm doing this thing I'm really nervous
but I was being cluesive I think it's
funny thing is to give this drawer I
don't mean the girl we kissed so
abruptly because we had to do it to
music that hurt to hit my lip and I
start bleeding in front of John Legend
while kissing this girl my mouth was
bleeding and I Mowgli flick swamp gas is
right let's show let me show you the
clip joke clip
kisses girl once please I could make it
twice could know for three times he's
like me times what you sir here in an
emergency eggs and are you bullying able
to throw hands someone flt3 brothers
later me ready to go because it is so
cold at this place out pool and I get
this whole roads looking good watch
why so glum Chum oh my god that is a
wrap on all of the collabs and they're
done in example we would have said if
the cloud happened today did that happen
we flew to Chicago to do a cloud that
did not happen today I'm not gonna say
anything beyond did that happen it was a
very stressful day not an ideal scenario
I'm not spilling no tea i'ma say it was
a very disappointing day and a lot of
time and money and resources were wasted
for a club that's not happen ultimately
I'm so proud of my team because they
stay pulling through one thing I do want
to say is that everyone I would just
John Legend came out and everyone's
really happy but it was like all these
people are so cool but there's also a
lot of challenges associated with trying
to get people of that caliber in video
and today is a testament to that fact
that you can literally fly and uproot
your life and it doesn't matter because
that's what is so really the real talent
of torque labs it's writing of course
they'll commence amount of writing and
acting also the thing that's the hardest
is the how much BS can you deal with to
get 12 collabs done is it really the
theme of it that's what's up that's okay
because that you knew dad knew you rings
are sold out pretty much almost pretty
much whatever new you dan you knew that
you knew Lilly Singh Kham to get merch
at least that happened to him but now I
need to fly back tomorrow and instantly
she's nothing or I'm screwed for tall
claps hi yes
could you guys send up some ranch please
yeah yeah we got chicken strips and they
had no right yeah they have any ranch so
it just aside would be good
thank you so much Wow who you sexing Bay
yuh-huh how do you feel
you look so French your hair is amazing
how do you feel after our traumatic
video traumatize me with only thing that
stuck to my lips I just put chapstick on
it like how do you feel about remaining
thank you I feel traumatized and I'm
glad that I'm not gonna diss you on you
today
cuz my mom my dummy better than that my
survivor I'm not gonna give up something
something something but flying back then
what am most Aurora is last night I had
so many things to do and one of the
things was order gifts from my nephews
and there's this particular thing they
want on Amazon that was like so tired
because I was writing the script for
today's a video that was falling alseep
knows like he'll do tomorrow
and now it's not
and now I just look further like this is
just horrible this is horrible this Holy
Spirit horrible but privilege problems
John I really quit John do you like John
video so you know under the last one too
late also the last guy Beasley
it's just clap number eleven that's kind
of stressing me that well Effie today
was a rough day my head is hurting this
lighting is great let's see how we did
today you know we did we fail we epic
fail but they release from hurt that's
what God said thing that happened the
website did not crash everyone comforted
how cheap the shipping is which I
purposely did the shipping like someone
was like you're the shipping to
Singapore was like $8.00 I'm like yeah I
made it super super cheap I told the
people I go well and for round with the
shipping cos have international bad you
need to get it so that'll happen but
today I'm going to give myself a fail
and now I'm going to take the fail so
I don't want to be here anymore right
hopefully when I land I'm should be glad
because everyone right now is working on
everything so easy done here a couple of
hours what a collab with Lilly
you renewed f she is great let me
educate you real quick this is happening
right now but yo well most of survived
does well if you like it subscribe to
make matters worse for gather here today
for the death of my slate that cracked
in the suitcase and we had to tape back
together stole many casualties today my
script or my video my slate my lip just
everything Kyle's dignity god dammit
