what of your my name is Toronto ting
what up good morning last night I just
died and passed out I'm gonna shove him
and include that blog footage if I did
then I hope you enjoyed it if not then
you don't have to what I'm talking about
I basically just slept all of yesterday
I was disoriented but I woke up this
morning to some six god blessings a
champagne pop it just Drake posted a
picture of us and said me and this and a
Swedish Toronto ting supermoon was the
world in palm of her hands and now we
officially friends exchange from DMS and
the thing went down I'm just saying my
legal name is now sweeter Toronto ting I
got my hair and makeup did I go to York
University today which is the University
I graduated from I'm very very excited
to go back when we speaking at their
spirit day so I got a little bit all
done up you know the colors are red and
white cells like I got some red lipstick
I'm so excited and I got blessing 206
card this morning so it's all meant to
be Kyle's here and not as here why why
you are you such a tease deep in the
heart of the York you jungle you can
hear the Lions rubber why you are you
who are you why you're not very excited
so I'm a bright my little cue card and
we're gonna do the ting you know why cuz
I'm the sweeter Toronto ting so you guys
remember this team super loves everybody
ready to go I'm gonna wear this overall
I just love these overalls keep wearing
them and this thing right keep wearing
the same clothes over and over again
because I don't hear I just feel like I
wanna wear what makes me happy and
sometimes that's the same thing over and
over again but then I might change her
York shirt you know to be like yo it's
where I'm from dough I'm starting to go
yo today's super Thursday video is so
special you remember that time you'll
Cal remember that time we went to the
White House which they chillin with
photos on your plotters were Salazar
Flores you know I'm saying remember that
Dallas situation now videos coming out
shit I'm so excited about it she's just
so wonderful and sweet so you want to
check it out the link for this in the
description
it's called Kyle what do we call it it's
called the atomic what is it I got some
girls getting schooled by Michelle Obama
michelle obama purse so every year no
bread none
well also I'm so far from Arthur my
masseuse so we got a replacement for
right now that's right
homegrown also this doesn't usually
happen like mom it's nothing with us to
the event mommy excited yeah and then
she's also come y'all just like yeah
she's also coming with us downtown Joe
Twitter Q&A that's happening today it's
a very exciting day I'm very very
exciting my mom's an experience a day in
the life of superwoman right now which
is very tough because I don't have a
strict eating schedule my mom does my
mom like if she's eating almonds it's
because it's at the time detail but it's
like 12:30 to and she's like wait it's
time for almonds are yogurt and she's
like sure he's yogurt and specific times
I don't this you did she does it's like
a she's very orchestrated twice a day
deep in the heart of it your view jungle
you can hear the Lyons Robo poop why are
you why you what up t-shirt reference is
where I run son
about to launch our own mental health
strategy next month here at York and we
want you involved and like president
chip we already mentioned you personally
have used your celebrities some variable
phone causes demonstrating the
importance of giving back I like this I
like it have you everyone to come closer
to him I never thought they were lagging
and I remember so everything I remember
this building this is on you I remember
so many other things about your you guys
ought to tell me they're still true okay
I remember that even I was here for four
years which seemed like eternity the
longest day of my life was waiting in
the Timmy's line yeah
the number of classes I missed one
cupcake does this still take forever to
get all the way up the top floor Scott
library yeah no one gonna do worthless
room
I realize miss called library I used to
practically washing I would trust
someone a complete stranger to watch
over my cup stranger you can watch all
my valuables here life the dumbest thing
you graduate from this amazing school
you can do whatever you want to do I
mean I wouldn't I would never have
imagined in my wildest dreams I would be
texting the rock and thinks I'm really
gonna encourage you that whatever you
want to do but don't just believe it you
got to work really really really hard to
achieve it and you can all do that I
truly believe you can all do that and if
you don't believe yourself I see one of
those people that steady or tell you you
pay much whatever
a chance for you from back in the day
Yui before you present like to present
something for you
ah
ah
applause
I just do pictures on the field let the
Gulf part when you're on tour so I can
see all the cool things I've changed on
campus reminisce on some memory show you
some spots I'm gonna say hi to a few
fans that's going on this is really I
used to track and field right here this
is my type of track and field Madison
when he's like I got my boots on tight
how does it go I'm annoyed oh shut up so
have some peeps let's go down I heard
you screaming now you're in the vlog say
hi oh no there's this barrage separating
us being in love if only I have a
stalker when I actually went to school
here cuz it took me forever and a half
to welcome class class York is one of
the biggest campuses it takes forever to
walk from one end to the other so this
is a great privilege and honor that I
have in both part right now
oh snap we're in the middle of traffic
just go we're going to people right now
it's fun I like it it's like a Great
America like six flags but there's
nothing focus America this is Canada
Beach water right now what you talking
about what you talking about girl get
out you it's the custom dress if the joy
of June June did
oh this is a lot of fun I love this yeah
the perfect level of aggression to get
the job done you're so good so only on
the York campus will you find Quidditch
players that look like he's so sad and
he came look like Harry Potter cuz he
had like the scarf I love Harry Potter
I love it you're in the blog I think
you're very handsome and snazzy he just
made a day matter camera why are you
here what you did who did like Harry
Potter in Quidditch you look like a pro
Quidditch player you should embrace that
ish be proud you building an engineering
building right and what a fair printer
poster for my first one day this very
building right here highlighter toe
board alright so this area in these
buildings this is where I step dance
practice is building right here I used
to have my dance practice that summer I
met an ocean II I know she auditioned
for our dancing in this building right
here this is where we met swam a chase
for the first time also right there that
seals my to my only two friends I met
them right there my only two friends
it's good it's good stuff yeah no I mean
what tell me what hope my feels are hurt
I'm sorry
well it's a fine way to let building so
I couldn't I couldn't tell the story
those are creating yeast by the way
their richest show you very hot right
now but doesn't that bristles up yep
this is that there's a what for me
Elizabeta with my face on it
oh man this is like the main part of the
university this is like mad feels
madness all your going down right now
ie it was a banner with my face right
there look at that
it's kind of cool I want to show you a
special place I know I saw it so saying
I say hi are you alright let me show you
one really cool spot I'm gonna take you
in what will be up here cover a second
okay so I'm going to share some real
fields as you know I always in the last
year university I was really depressed
with that person I'm gonna show you one
place where I vividly remember sitting
and crying and being miserable about my
life and that exact spot was right here
on this bed I've come such a long way
from being on this bench crying with
myself
like mad mad mad memories that's cool
yeah that's clear it's my school
breakfast this is my school okay yeah my
game from where I came from so I came
from I know
started from the bottom now we're
slightly above the bottom is where we
are sweet what's the what survives show
you shaky more high your cleansing let's
go yeah let's go oh my god I love uh oh
I know this right it's really cold by
the way it's not le weather at all it's
mad cold so where you see food every
single day I don't know you might not
care about any of this but for me that's
like a big dicey food the students that
are every single day Jimmy the Greek was
my jam I need to sit here and eat
anytime I had money to eat I love it I
love it
there's some next Caribbean place that
was there when I was here what not
happen what a half
thank you baby mother showed me someone
the line for doing the creek always mad
long I was the yoga news always popping
to
so let's go to your claims I didn't say
so York has a shopping mall on campus
now I'm gonna show you as well just
super dope like a little bit of a ruckus
and I probably shouldn't be doing this
but I'm gonna do it anyways right
shuffle bar so the where I'm about to
announce on campus called or claims
thank you so much love you oh it's so
different it's real different
I
y'all being my security best security
right here of an oompa loompa tax wish
you've got it
we've got it on lock right here got
backup right here oh man with such a
shoppers and shoppers it's crazy
let's give my bosses in there this will
be a to test let's go check thank you so
much appreciate it thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you
when I went to school here years ago no
one even talk to me winters got off
there I'm not one of my family stations
do you recognize this my Drake video
speaker Drake did you know if I
champagne puppy called me up
sweeter trout hang remember when Yolanda
had a cake it walked right here moonshot
over there so many memories
it's a good day Michelle Obama just
posted a picture of us on our Instagram
is a good day you feel the energy day I
might give you a tag later and get you
Oh
now Kyle Koons more dug me right time
maybe a slushy the hot chocolate
I feel of myself and I'm feelin me
feelin myself I'm tired you thank you
thank you recognize this this is where I
was sitting as a telemarketers Drake
that's what's up that's what's up I
would like to also show you where my
dad's office right now okay
I'm popping off right there look at all
the pictures of not me I just like to
point that out no big deal Oh more
pictures up not me
look at you man where are my magazines
right under them oh my dad's collection
right now it is office what do you got
dad show us what's good oh okay okay
okay okay okay
my dad got a collection here Wow
all the staff is myself what a good dad
look this guy what a good dad as a year
right - thank God
ready guard yo what's the worth the
Eaton Center right now which is the mall
in downtown Toronto because we're gonna
go check out the we store we did excited
about I'm excited to see the rafiki's in
store it's really cold and crowded but
and I'm sleepy but today's been a lit
day because also zendaya share the part
of the video where FLOTUS talks about
her on your Instagram and Twitter so
today's is late right mom is literate
yes to the lick just so react mom asked
me what you asked me when I tell Ross
stop vlogging licked no ask me what you
asked me what I asked you the meaning
what's the meaning of it that's what I'm
not saying she keeping mom right today
the lift day okay I don't know what is
it that we stopped
oh snap growl oh snap
Oh
see if you live in Toronto you can get
Rafiki lean Center we store it is next
to H&M
yeah yeah it was sold out they're
getting bored tonight so by the time you
watch this
they'll have more you can cup I have the
ugliest resting face I go for camera
like it's not that I add from like if
you have a cash me out Bartlet
it's like always tolling all the time
just chilling by the street meat
oh you don't treat me to taking a I'm
gonna try to eat half the street meat
and ting bitching
that's what Papa taught here there's a
pie night we had to Twitter to do a live
Q&A I'm KP but I'm gonna pretend like
I'm not today's so also I just got the
Twitter look at that look at guys girl
cookie dude okay this me yes my hair my
hair is so on point in these cookies oh
my god just look at this I was to take
them there too pretty oh yeah delicious
- I look better on the cookie oh yeah oh
yeah best night ever
look what I got at Twitter jacket today
just full a weave Hey look look at
Twitter jacket Chase is full of awesome
things I'm so excited just finished a
Q&A thank you for everyone that tweet me
questions to spend time with me I
appreciate that it was a lot of fun and
I did it on this mirror mirror type
thing and also who's the fairest of them
all in the mirror said not you and I
kept going and now we're heading home
pretty much some great Squiggy come you
think oh I'm so sleepy but no no no no
no no no no we are going to eat I record
two quick videos for things then we do
some planning for tomorrow's girl love
about my family and friends mom thanks
for coming with me today thanks me it
was awesome day yeah yeah love it yes
good I'm glad
and that's going on when eat and get to
work and fight the sleepiness I also
want to watch this documentary my neck
was called a girl in the river I think
it on the hood it's called girl in the
river I met the director in Italy and I
want to watch that tell them is my
presentation tomorrow so yeah those are
things I wanted to GI me scratching my
nipples now
oh come on oh yes it's 11:47 p.m. and
like everyone should be we're at
McDonald's we made a new friend
what's up was that my stop he's dope
fuckin of McFlurry xinchang nice thank
you I didn't do myself something for me
why he did that
so no took him three and a half hours
this morning
don't let his whiteness slow you up
right up don't let his whiteness all you
weird it's a good day very fertile many
w's today that Jesus drank those
favorite yeah that was Drizzy Drake hmm
you know flautas yeah I texted Jake a
picture of mangy thready cuz my game too
hot fair enough she's very white right
now yeah we're gonna steal Lily's phone
the white as percentiles yeah um we got
a really good put her to you a popping
off with Lane and che and Ramona's yeah
Turner moment
yeah bit bit we can you at least FLOTUS
two tweets from Florida's yeah yeah
ground from food that's what's up
zendaya just a part of the video I got a
really important one what it's a coupon
season with wins over Donald I mean
who's a coupon well it does hit us today
see these lovers are gonna wake up early
because tomorrow have a girl of event
with my family and friends and I have a
call tomorrow as well what am i 12 very
early double digits up okay these people
ring when I'm like up a single digit you
guys crazy
toilet taqwa and
Hey what an eventful mother a friend a
blessing love blessings on blessings
thank you so much for joining in today
hope you had a great day tomorrow is my
girl of event with a family and friends
which I'm excited about
there's a lot of work to do have a
prepare whole presentation but I just
watched a girl in the river um which was
just it's a short film about honor
killings in Pakistan and I'm just like I
cannot but I wanted to watch it before I
made my speech or my presentation of my
friends and stuff so yeah who was
discuss more Botha tomorrow is there an
echo I'm sorry we'll discuss more about
that tomorrow in the meantime if you
like it if you like it subscribe when
you're watching this it is the last day
to curl up Rafiki and support women's
education in kenya without org slash
scroll up the link is in the description
do it do it boot boot boot boot boot
boot boot
like/subscribe how walking drink is new
big hug
first of all we talk I'm like ice high
second I speak I can't breathe I'm like
thank you everything here for the city
had to meet you know your tires ignore
my whatever you want much how he's so
nice first of all he's so nice
then he's like it wasn't your birthday
I'm like
