morning tuck with lady
I starting the vlog on the toilet today
hello energy because four hours of sleep
but good morning hello time is 1252 I've
been meeting in 8 minutes
it's at my house I'm going to put cream
on my face change my clothes and be
alive ah
today we have a meeting right now and
then have another meeting after that
meeting that said that my agency then
after that I'm will see the house and
sign them in sign after I sign I still
have seven days to back up but after
that that's it but this will start the
seven days today I was very exciting and
right now my Energy's low but I'm gonna
be excited what happens I'd be lying if
I said I didn't want to puke my guts out
because I'm really tired but we're gonna
make it happen when a persevere um and
we're gonna work on book when we come by
the ocean attacks want to come back a
pub with a nap depending on how I feel
and then book and my publisher said that
was fine so we're living a day let's do
it note that is there a TTY costumes
don't get any ideas I'm not going on
tour but they finally got sent to me so
I can like go through the costumes we'll
go over that we'll do that a little bit
that's gonna be like I don't even know
what's gonna be those crates I forget
what I costumes are but then right there
a TT one costumes holding so many things
in my hand I'm in the elevator
so everybody
look kind of cute - all right now
admissions probably make me look like
I'm a trolls not that I don't have
macros but I'm going this sweater that I
forgot I had it's Mickey Mouse and it
has like this I'll show you after but it
I kind of look cute
I want to say that for someone is still
sleep-deprived now we're gonna make up
time to filled in my eyebrows I look
kind of cute hey your car is so used to
one cool X my W me does this let us talk
Allah has little white dress shirt build
into it wat white cakes call it kind of
cute
I'm down to wear my glasses the whole
time that a really good meeting a lot to
think about so I went up to my book
agent as well it's awesome print some
layout options for the book which is
really exciting now I'm heading to go
see the house and I'm still debating if
I want to show it to you or not I don't
know I thought I'm gonna show it to
after the 7 days because I have 7 days
if I want to back out or not only
because this is a really big decision
for me and I kind of want the
independence with me like I'm making
this decision and I don't want any
opinions or any comments or anything
anything to like alter what I'm thinking
and then once I make the decision in
hopes of making everyone proud and
myself proud then I'll show them to you
that's what I'm leaning toward and hope
that's okay but that's not going towards
but Lego alright I saw the place I
signed the papers officially sign them
so now I have 7 days I keep safe or
Beaucaire you say YouTube because it's a
guitars off 7 days I don't think I'm
going to check it out though I don't
think I am I mean I like it on Sunday
I'm gonna go there I'm gonna spend two
whole hours just in the house looking
around feeling the energy of the house
then on Wednesday have infection
but I don't think of my chicken out so
in seven days it doesn't mean we're
moving in seven days to clarify it means
I have it so for the two months because
I have this place still per couple
months for two month off both places and
shoot some sick videos I'll have an
empty place um it's completely
unfurnished right now this furniture
cause like the set designer didn't like
me to look pretty for buyers but
something to you guess what I'm doing
and guess what I've been doing for the
past very long time and has made me very
happy
look who it is no we're being friends
and we're talking on a Friday night
we're turnin up here we're both sitting
on the floor because our phones are
dying basically yes I know but I'm gonna
go back to try on 28th the mean and
we're gonna be in love the whole time so
maybe so are you gonna buy me for my
birthday
I don't think a girl - I shaved my legs
for you see this is why she's my wife
right here this is why she shave my legs
for me go please
samos for I was asleep really catching
up to me so I didn't tell you my
publishers that I'm burping and sleeping
at the same time and tell you when
publisher said she's totally cool she
said she was very impressed with my work
ethic even though it was late I have
until Sunday morning to send the last
two chapters and the intro and outro and
just two other sections so I so want to
work on it today work on tomorrow um oh
good card god I'm so tired
made a good nap we know that's dangerous
um I'm so tired I'm so tired my so nice
talking to nano and miss her name is her
and I tried FaceTime in my mom during
the house walkthrough and the reception
was bad and yeah I don't know I'm still
up in the air because I'm gonna spend
some time there Sunday and I still don't
know if I want to show it to you or not
because how it looks now with all the
furniture is not
it's going to look you know it is maybe
fo 70s are done after seven days of John
I saw by 10 more days of like not moving
in be able to after 72 done so I can't
back up what it's like knows what I
decided I don't know comment below let
me know what do you think I want to vlog
it with the furniture but I guess it
would be cool to see before and after
I don't know I'm too tired and also I'm
overthinking and none of this weather
I've loved or not blogged as a big deal
what is a big deal is the house and I'm
proud of myself and people are
congratulating me and I'm not accept
dating congratulations yet because still
have seven days where I could back up so
once those seven days are done a K on
Friday then I'll be like you know what
okay okay
oh my god it'll be the weekend on my
birthday the weekend on my birthday what
about a house that's kind of cool I'm
feeling something else is gonna happen
oh my birthday to actually uh this is
evil exam stuff 30 a.m. oh I feel so
disoriented I don't know 7 Deborah's
word this 12:30 a.m. and I feel like I'm
on drugs have a so disoriented I'm so
tired
so obviously what's gonna happen you're
even you you knew the second I lie down
we're not stupid I knew you knew we all
knew I'm gonna go to bed and spend all
day to are working which should be more
than fine I mean last night from 8:00
p.m. onwards ro7 chapters and I think
it's more than by just with the holder
writing 3 and then 2 more section that
intro now try things fine so yeah I'm
gonna do that and it hurts to my so i'ma
do that thank you for joining me on
today for exciting day where I started
my 7 day countdown of adulthood a lot
adulthood but like something exciting I
hope you had a great day I'm gonna go
eat like a spoon a Nutella I'm gonna
sleep so that's what I'm doing I love
you and I'll see you tomorrow
and if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
Oh
