good morning sugar plum or rather good
morning shut up him
it is actually 1:30 okay usually I'm all
like you know your jet lag don't get to
me my jet don't lag what you're talking
about the jet lag was real this morning
I had a call at noon I could barely wake
up had two calls one at 12 on 1238 both
from bed because it's 3 a.m. and
Singapore I know I'll just like I am so
tired I managed to get up with up
another call right now in two minutes
with YouTube when we were third call of
the day and I just got out of bed and
then an hour after that I have another
call time for calls today it's also
video day and I also got to write a lot
of chapters in my book so that's going
on it's gonna be a productive day I'm
gonna do my call
wearing this t-shirt where you talking
about profession I didn't just wake up
what we time what no no no these these
dress pants do the dress but also the
screen goes up to here so Hatchin you're
know nothing it's gonna be a great day
we're gonna be productive it's gonna be
wonderful and I can't wait to spend it
with you
hi it's me again I just had a great call
with YouTube okay I'm so excited to tell
you something it's really cool excited
stop everything you're doing literally
have stuff everything you're doing
painted this is so cool
so tomorrow morning okay when you're
watching this this morning when your
watch is by the time you're watching
this there's a new feature being
released on my channel it's a testing
version that only twelve channels are
getting access to and our channel is one
of them which is very exciting it is
something called the community tab on my
youtube channel so if you go to my main
channel about this vlogging channel the
main channel which is youtube.com slash
leasing or youtube.com slash hi cipro
nyah you notice as like home videos
place there's a tab now that says
community it's so thick this is a place
now where I can have conversations like
I can post I can post pictures on
YouTube I can and you guys I respond to
stuff I can just make like general post
like how y'all doing or like what your
favorite part of this video I can post
special videos that don't go anywhere
else that would just mean that community
tab and it's like another place just for
us to have I'm so I'm starting cuz I'm
so excited it's another place for us to
have conversations with all of our
subscribers because you know how
everywhere else it's like oh like yeah
this is a different platform but this is
a place where all the team super
subscribers can talk together on YouTube
they don't have to leave you to go
anywhere else so I'm gonna quickly show
you what it looks like right now there's
nothing there but I'm gonna do my first
post in a little bit
it's my channel and there's a tab and
that's this community and I can right
here and then you can respond respond
huh and I can respond with gifts and
pictures and all that type of stuff and
you can like thumbs up comments and it's
it's amazing I'm so happy about this
because forever I've been like you know
like I have so many subscribers on
YouTube like those same people aren't on
other platforms but you're all here but
you're a freaking party in the community
tab I'm so excited I want you to go
right now
though I don't like you to you don't
have to but I want you to go to
youtube.com slash Lilly Singh click on
the community tab and tell and respond
under what my post saying vlog Channel
sent you a let's start a conversation
because you know any opportunity to talk
with all y'all I'm very excited about I
need to calm down I'm so excited I think
this is a great addition I am just like
I feel like this I'm so excited
also one more note you can also turn on
the notifications to get notified every
time I post or you can turn that off or
you can also click it to like just get
the highlight post neither there's so
many options but you want to get a
notification you know you want to kick
that veteran thing you don't know I'm
gonna be - it can do it some breakfast
from downstairs um when do you lovelies
about me there's a very cool jacket in
Singapore so thank you so much for that
I love it alright now get some breakfast
and get to work easy its 4:17 p.m.
finished all my calls I would just had a
FaceTime with my mom she's I don't know
that mom was a favorite person go planet
I love her I just had a very good
feminism talk with her and we don't
always see eye to eye on those
conversations but I called it back and I
was like I apologize for saying you were
wrong cuz your anyways Schieber great we
have great conversations that I love her
and I was scrolling through her Facebook
my mom on Facebook is like the best and
she posted something that made me so
proud
my mom's post on Facebook already it's a
share it's a we repost of a quote it
says it's not our job to toughen our
children up to face a cruel and
heartless world it's our job to raise
children who will make the world a
little less cruel and heartless people
that met MVP as I meant I hari I opened
my hair for two seconds of the video to
do the beginning and the end card just
because I like y'all might look a little
nice
a little messy put a little effort you
know now I'm gonna change you to part
new time in white but I'm just gonna
come home now and shoot the video let's
go
I've been here all night I've been here
all day yeah you got me walking side to
side very nice song
very nice ariana grande she good girl
hello everybody I'm cool guy today I'm
very head look has my name on it I am
going to change it to sports bra now
because very hot and I want to edit in
sports bra that's right okay this might
be the weirdest I've ever looked in my
blog before this is what my Chester
looks like I'm covering my areas but
this is what I do edge movie like that
oh I can't even look at myself right now
I genuinely this is so freaking weird I
need to wash stuff
let this be the weirdest moment in the
history of the vlogs ever idea watched
half of my face so my foundations
probably very uneven I'm gonna head to
go get some dinner and now we gonna get
to book ready bit later than I wanted to
start book reading but I saw there we go
get some dinner we go refuel go make it
happen let go the time is 143 mm look at
that I love you better start my third
chapter yeah where is that we're doing
this I'm enjoying it but I it's just a
lot on the brain fo sho a lot on the
brain but good thing my brains a strong
one right right right
don't make me stab you with a q-tip
young the time is 3:20 a.m. I just
finished my third chapter I really like
this chapter I wrote I really really
really like it it's dope it's dope I
feel it myself
like I feeling myself my side right one
more I also have a call tomorrow 10:30
oh so you had to figure out a balance of
sleep I just know if the next few days
limited sleep is happening and that's
fine I commit to that it's fine
yeah we're gonna do boring and hope for
the best
also the chapter I just finished it's
called mold failure and it's actually
one of the sentences I say and the how
to be a boss promo and the promo when I
turn into like the warrior and I'm
saying things a lot of those things are
saying I'm saying or actually chapter
headings if you care enough to go watch
it again hey why don't you put the
clothes away that are on my floor right
now then won't you go to bed I'm gonna
wake up at 10:30 for my call tomorrow
I'm also white house hunting I know I
know that reality has come to hit me as
well that I have been living here in
November I would've been living here for
a year and I told myself that I was not
going to keep her anything I was gonna
buy
I really don't want to extend my lease
and I want to look for a place to buy
because I hate throw my money away
renting but that yes if that's happening
tomorrow just to get the Rosses just to
get the process started
amongst other things that are happening
and then tomorrow is gonna be some heavy
book writing don't wait to check out the
community tab on my main channel you can
click the eye right there it'll direct
you to youtube.com slash loosing
communities tab I'm so excited about it
so dope and thanks for joining me on my
day up you had a great productive day
and I hope you enjoy the video I posted
today my parents reaction to ariana
grande's side to side the link for that
is also in the description and I'm
slowing is annoying my Invisalign but
that's okay because you accept me for
who I am if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
did you beautiful moment where I stayed
here without my blog camera phone that
talk with myself at a talk of God now
just like life is beautiful and it's not
just because I'm in this stunning
