I'm so full of Chipotle
good afternoon I have actually been up
for a while I woke up at 8:45 I hope
which things to do but I forgot the
memory card to my blog cameras I
couldn't bring you along but basically
this is what happened I went to the
house at inspections I keep calling it a
house isn't really a house it's a single
lot development but house ok house I did
inspections the inspector to make sure
all the like wiring and everything in
the foundation
you know Gordon solid and around went
around with blue tape to all the places
I have marks you know to like just
matter dolt ish mad adult ish I decided
me to show you the place on Friday I
have a shoot on Friday but I'm trying to
find time to go and show you the place
with the furniture they have ran our
stage because by that time it will be
finalized a little earlier I also had
report late like I mentioned my belly's
full of to Polly and so fetus what else
happened just FaceTime with my mom I'm
about to do a bow voiceover for Lindsay
she's for a performance and I opened my
closet and this happened all the
skeletons in my closet and I got two
huge boxes that I'm excited to open cuz
I think I know they are bad yeah well
chefs I um
oh yes we were nominated for a streamys
Entertainer of the Year which is very
very cool amongst a whole bunch of other
very awesome people like Yusef and Liza
and cam and Keenan just a whole bunch of
people so that's very very cool we're
nominated I say what I always say if
you'd like to vote please go ahead I'll
put the information in the description
on how you can vote but it's always too
much of your time doing that because you
could be doing other things that change
the world so yeah that's really cool I'm
very honored that were nominated so
that's dope um it's kind of weird also
to be like competing against your
friends it's like I kind of want you to
win and you know not me it's like a word
thing anyways I'm gonna do this
voiceover and this is going out we have
a great day everybody what's
crack-a-lackin' I'm heading to the
dentist
I'm pretty sure she's gonna yell at me
we're not winning my Invisalign as much
as I should but I'm wearing right now
we're doing what I always wear them a
little bit I think I'm gonna get stuck
in so much traffic though because my
appointments at four and four to like
eight is traffic but we enjoy a nice
drive your cars dreamy I look like I
look like a friggin wreck you want a
date okay really I did right my bras are
in the wash when winter sports bra you
can see like my nipples so I
strategically put the sweater on but now
I get hot and I've take off anyways like
I am such a bad adult like I'm a bad
adult I need to do my laundry get my
life together but first we go straighten
our teeth let go oh all right I gave up
on the sweater or not let me see my
Tatas I don't care I swear in my
dentists like you've been a bad girl but
my teeth are still was supposed to be
right now so I have to make this tray
fit properly
which means consistently wearing it yell
at me if I'm not wearing it unless I'm
doing with a video of public speaking
yell at me yell at me in the garments
heading back if so much traffic getting
here my dentist like thirty five minutes
away from me said I get stuck in traffic
it's birthday time
I'm heading back to do some work and
today I did a good thing I woke up in my
brain was just like exhausted and I was
like oh my god I'm so tired and I
messaged my friends I'm like hey so
we're I don't like me but you guys want
to chill today so this evening I'm going
to smooth his house and we're all gonna
go chill and watch a movie there because
I need a mental break as Norns like yo I
need to catch up on your the last forty
three years of real life I mean I know
so I prompted because usually I'm always
one in the group to be like guys you can
chill I'm sorry like they know I'm that
person
everyone chills I don't show I work but
today I was like nah I'm initiating this
we need to chill so I'm gonna work
hustle hustle and tonight I'm going to
go to swoons yourself but we got to earn
it
so let's hustle the life of a girl who
hates person is I always carry weight
too much damn stuff in my hand and I
just drop my blog on camera like for the
fifth time this week
boys like
why was that was like a hurry I'm too
busy killing my two duelists right now
you don't even know this whole thing
right here it was full it was full of
things to do and then I was like yo f a
dude and I just killed it all I'm just
killing the game right now I'm also
something I did not show you is my homie
my six side homie why - I do things of
one hand what not that talented he kind
of kept you know company yeah why is
this pool matter open this area my home
is on the sixth side Matt Santoro some
years book mind blown which is very
exciting I love people getting those
books because like it just makes me more
excited for my book as well you know
it's very selfish way but yeah very very
cool so if you are interesting getting
some mind blown miss in your life you
might purchase this book because you why
not my dad went to his room it was I'm
killing the to-do list I'm earning my
chill today earning it was good and good
looking I am heading to Susie's house I
got a lot of work done in that time so
I'm very happy with myself is the vibe
is mad casual looking like a bubbly hobo
it's all good down sit down with it I'm
down with it all and I really have
nothing to say absolutely nothing to say
I'm really excited to go I'm a trying
match to go there not think about work
just unwind enjoy chill
do the thing yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm so
excited
eat some popcorn watch them so Lauren is
such a big pansy with scary movies are
so fun you're watching with her so I
hope you watch scary movie person Utley
and whilst I bring my Mario Kart just in
case they create with a whuppin Yamini
one of the things that's been hardest
for me to do since I moved to LA it's so
random
it's wash my car my car so Phil Lee from
the outside you draw in the dust cuz
every time I go to a car wash is closed
or looks really far and I don't get why
so hard in Toronto my god okay I'm done
sounded like a nerd hold on in Toronto I
like go anywhere and get a car wash it's
very difficult I'm also I need to update
my car and I've been post cook you know
what I'm a pro cat can you speak can you
speak can you speak can you speak can
you can you speak
bill let me talk I've been
procrastinating a lot of things
taking my car washing my car cleaning my
room need to get together here
when is this Sunday or Sunday but bill
talk is Sunday bill it's Wednesday I
find Sunday so far we juice tomorrow and
get this done remember to get back home
 skin darker I'm late let's go oh
I'm sorry this vlog is boring I guess
it's logged might be boring am i boring
let me know what more I got a below let
me know what more I feel time to try and
get a lot of things done and I'm not
being the most entertaining bill damn it
yes email Mario or teamsuperman ja mama
cut trying to have some romantic time
with my family you are to put here
chatting in the background bitch and
Chuck I'm sorry for slugs my entry but
you want your house ya know anything so
my name is Lucy
they're so sweet oh this is not a mirror
the connection the connection that I
have did them they know oh they know
okay y'all know something I don't know
do that yeah just have oh my gosh so
good it's so great it's a lips the teeth
anyways mystic sisters here and my
sister's gonna miss my birthday
I'm so sad literally no one else knows
it they're both gonna mention no one
else gonna have to go potty
clearly that's why I mean you can call
me okay lists yeah
okay I don't need to be a third wheel
for my birthday that's okay I invite the
real me like your needs be a third way
too much I like if your budget though
just been watching trailers for the past
how long lawrence people use it let's do
critical and smoothly is just like
wicked a movies I just want the walking
dead listen to that dolls I'm not about
dollar an all freaked me out I was
listen we just spent hard to scary moves
called the boy it was what a doll that
was actually boy and the boys in the
wall or sorry if you're playing to watch
it then I'm here that um and now we're
heading home and say I learned how much
Alex parts and after that much closer
like affirmative silent I don't look
anything odd for you but it's not silent
at all and I'm okay with it I don't
judge you
accepting for your yo that was some real
nice family time right there I have to
really enjoyed that I'm home it's like
2:30 right now I had a really good day
it felt good to have some leisure
activity did some work tomorrow is video
day I also have to fittings my wife's
little Walking Dead well eating some
oatmeal and wait is this reversed am i
tripping alright now is my camera
reverse what's going on here it's just
displaying to me hold on okay now it's
back to normal I don't know if I
switched for you my screen was showing
everything flip anyways and watch after
The Walking Dead leisurely eat some
oatmeal do the damn thing so I'm
thinking about on Sunday so my brother's
in a few days and kind of months not be
with my Toronto family and friends but
I'm doing a small party on my house on
Sunday which is the 25th but travel
clock will be my birthday because I'll
Lauren Alex won't be you in the way just
do it earlier do it a few days earlier
I'm like Indian superstition we can't do
things of advance we can't it's been
drilled in my brain and I think don't
know how to throw a party you've never
thrown a party apartment so I was I'm
my friends like you guys want to come
over and listen to music and drink is
that what we're gonna do like I think I
don't know throw party but I'm gonna
invite a few people over so I got a plan
for that and yeah mostly I'm just gonna
watch some TV right now only one episode
hopefully ahead I don't sleep too late
we just have some leisure time I'm
feeling good are you feeling it out if
you like it you should feel good you
have every reason to feel good even if
you don't all those reasons right now I
promise there's lots of reasons if you
look around okay Beast I only watched
one episode like a good girl and I'm so
sleepy huh I'm gonna go to bed the time
is 3:43 a.m. um so yeah I'm gonna go to
CP hopefully I've ever been where I'm so
sleepy and then I go into better then I
can't fall asleep like for hours but I
think I can policy play hopefully if
nothing I'll just be on Twitter news jam
yeah Thank You Virginia and today hope
you had a wonderful day tomorrow is I
never know what to say at that part so
tomorrow is another day we will be
together hand-in-hand if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe this
is a lot this is a vlog this is my first
vlog I feel like you're teaching me oh
my god this is good you know this is the
legend in the flesh right here where the
Creator is one of the brothers when the
kill workers who create this whole thing
and learned about him in school now I'm
setting mix him and it's great she
teaches me many many things
sobbing including I got to say the
amazing thing that she designed thank
you thank you you rock you are
incredible the Masai warrior said they
make you an honorary Master warrior so
they're hoping that you gonna go back I
am gonna go back fantastic I'm gonna go
back to Kenya honor honorary lesser
warrior I handle it
