this lock has arrived I meant to press
pause and then I press stop recording so
I feel welcome to Lilly Singh vlogs
today's a glorious sunny day here in Los
Angeles California
I hope it is Pleasant wherever you are
today's vlog I am so shut up Chuck sure
sure I am so excited because it's gonna
be in lunch go to Party City finish
decorating my house not surprise coming
you probably could tell by the title but
we're gonna throw a birthday party I'll
tell you more about it in a second so I
know what you thinking you're probably
like everyday y'all throw on some sort
of thematic party up in the lily pad and
you're right we like to celebrate thing
is so caught up in like a negative in
this decor mystification i celebrate
today we're celebrating Brogan's
birthday one of my team members who
works so immensely hard and we're
throwing her part even though her birth
is on Friday throwing it early which is
against Indian rules but me white people
I tell you what you're doing bunch of
things excited by the way Taylor my last
vlog from clue did you go to the
comments no okay because so many of them
are talking about how people think
you're cute oh okay they're like oh my
god you there's up to you look at Taylor
and you're doing right are you doing
right and I never a girl up sweater all
the girl oh my god Taylor why you are
you shy he's lonely
what's all those blackberries everybody
back I like your outfit
thank you if you were wondering what the
stock was up to in Paris picture right
here not planned completely organic not
workers traded no no we've never talked
about that yeah you're gonna take the
big drill your paparazzi too good
okay guess what today is nothing today
is nothing those are doing something
minor but it's an average day
emails emails nothing out of the
ordinary can you stop talking cuz your
whore about this Kyle is the worst by
the way at surprises though worse you
know like what we did Universal Studios
Horror Nights for Taylor frickin five
days before cause like so can you like
being scared
so he's been forbidden from saying
anything so he's literally his job is on
the line he's been threatened to such a
degree well not if you say anything you
will be fired you will get no letter of
recommendation you will get no pay can
be within like seven degrees of yes 14
degrees oh can you tell us what's in
this poison you're drinking right now
who is it kale spinach and cucumber
that's it there's nothing nothing else
and you're drinking in there do you
remember Ryan from Kenya you don't cuz I
have one Kenya but Ryan's from Canada
from weakness and Ecuador we're having
lunch oh and the Sun is very make these
very different colors right now yes get
that nutrient girl hmm get that immune
system going girls Paris all I had was
Hasan squats on so you can't just say
Chris I can say plus on your that person
range Ryan brought us coffee for the
fiends who are very happy and chocolate
got dark chocolates is gonna be the
Rafiki version and quarter as yes this
is gonna like cause the biggest impacts
in communities in our community where oh
wow and what having it say Lord yeah
going on a trip and Lilly's rocket ship
and I'm gonna sit in the back and direct
okay great papaya
struts John straw all the colors the
thing is with a black rose it'll make it
seem a lot less young right now we have
pink green and white adding the black in
there makes it like where's where next
we'll walk into a baby shower I think
the black we need rounds us surprise
pregnant
well game we're gonna getting the best
friend through the maze babies boy maybe
through no no ohh
Nimmi when we bought the whole store
when consumerism takes advantage of your
love for people you're like yeah we need
that was colorful things we have a
hundred at home but they're the wrong
shade green we need that tell everyone
we'll mom you got you poor nice man yeah
you know why cuz you've been a good girl
trash kids you're trash kids got in
their own mom did not buy you this for
this reason hey let's do this whole need
us writing I've done in my life
the trees finally going away nice shirt
are you going home I have no idea biz
hey leo
how do you like they brilliant all right
we're set for bro
she likes earth she like surfing so it's
no longer teen choice it's happy
birthday Rogan but all of her favorite
foods now we got these interesting
things here two animals a llama and a
sloth and why is that what does Robbie
really like I mean we may be having a
famous sloth appearance tonight yes oh
wow when we went to wvd Taylor and I we
had this this was your idea I just told
you that Kristen right I was just like
yo Brogan's birthday she loves sloths we
should try to get a live sloth to the
house and then he told me that Kristen
Bell about surprise on Ellen we've hired
over this loss news well we've hired a
sloth and the limes lost income she's
gonna meet a sloth and get a photo shoot
with a slot bring other critters too so
okay don't say critters I told you dogs
animals hope she cries - I hope she
cries I don't know any notes that's any
I told you not to tell them spiders I
will kill you I will burn everyone
everyone will die
happy birthday little things I'm
obsessed
so guys what's the first thing that
Brogan said she likes in my life I
brought her broken like the fish I knew
she liked talking doesn't mean she likes
fish I just thought they were tacky with
everything else where you were right she
loves the fish okay
it was a nice touch so any time really
plans a party we got this and then it's
called the usual and also how Lily
succeeds in life is that sad or the
truth is it literally we're done more
like more fire you don't know Bojan
represent and it's friends with friends
it has I don't know about that but this
by the way when she walked in she made a
hundred comments about this she was like
slow so much I was like if you have any
idea what's going on strippers strippers
Nina you don't know what's happening
right do you have a good guess as to
what may be happening after this
I guess what see I'm on Facebook tagging
my significant other in it so tell us
about the educational work pages not
just about birthdays entertainment their
structure almost as a small sanctuary
and they taking animals and they provide
educational resources about animals and
exotic animals so they're well taken
care of
she's tired later well actually put a
blanket but up on her poles if she gets
really tired she cover herself in that
blank and she lets me know she balled it
until the tutu of more than three toed
three toads actually and the diurnal
species severe weight during the day
this animal is actually quite beautiful
I knew it was actually very beautiful so
brokens coming down to how her eyes
covered away to guide her my hand just
close your eyes with them last chance
what do you think's happening no clue
okay people cry a day from the bath yes
what do you have I have to make hamster
you know goldfish goldfish hamster and
she's Walker than you
yeah built for growing algae and moss on
living rainforest we're going to be
living in both how cool don't have a lot
of thick fur like a lot of other animals
because they do not have to insulate
themselves they have like crazy like
smelling belly like this yes her brain
moves faster than her body we're gonna
need room everybody show everybody how
your itchy
this isn't slow mo guys this is just how
she's going
this is Michelangelo 150 years and grow
to be about 300 pounds Wow so this one
here actually don't know that gender yet
but we're getting alerts just remember
any cones that you guys can hold on to
the rest of it are they so we're over
here and then notice probably ship
woman up here like that ball python
because they wrap up into a ball so
you're gonna feel pressure he's not
going to be hurting you it's just trying
to get a grip on everything that's all
he's trying to do there you go just
gonna wrap around off
oh my god oh my god it's moving it's a
real thing it's a living real this is a
real this is a moving thing how'd you
feel nice oh okay I see you putting that
pressure on okay common idea buy me
dinner yeah I'm nothing I could see how
the pressure would get intense for like
yeah it was just like you have your twin
oh my god which one is Kyle
Oh sugar diet means that they are trying
to conserve energy they don't have a
large muscle mass and they don't expend
an energy on thermal regulation so I was
trying to save hotter cools based off
with movement from one place to another
what you think so she was the hairiest
pole dancer I have ever seen great back
to normal house - all clean baby out
Sally goes we have a 9:30 a.m. meeting
no big deal I was just thinking like too
many dope things that happened in this
house to ever move Will Smith John
Legend sloth just it's so many things
happen that's how you gotta live life
well just talking to Taylor like never
grow too old or like too serious in life
where you think you can't just do
ridiculous things just for the smiles
and laughs do things for your friends
make your friends day go the extra mile
have fun live your life dang that
doesn't even have require money or any
of that stuff honestly having fun is
free most of the time he's gotta be
wrong go people have good vibes let's
see how we do today get I think we
killed it
don't fuck with me thank you for joining
yesterday when your watch is right now a
super if there's anybody was coming out
little sneak peek what am i screaming
about mum scream because I'm so excited
to come on make sure your super six you
let me know that the love fam Thank You
lights talking show you some next up
until then if you liked it subscribe if
you liked it subscribe
oh we talked about I was so terrified to
hold the snake and I found the snake and
it felt beautiful I was like this snake
is my aesthetic why should I get a snake
shut the F up you think I'm crazy people
out here buying pythons are stuff are
you dumb I'd wasn't saying I'm gonna buy
from because those are no you want to
get a snake hell naw
