everything burns
we're heading to we de caza sweetheart
order my breakfast as he always does so
I he's sure as I don't starve he's the
best at that
we're heading to e de I'm quite early
actually earlier than we need to because
we want to try to catch Sabrina up
performing you know spread that girl
love and have a little bit of a break to
actually do my makeup legit and then get
into my speech and then I go back to
hotel I sorta do because I must sleep
I'll really like the Kenya vlog which
make me happy unless he's being polite
feels my feels and yet last night there
was a little bit of us shipping glitch
but now it's all fixed and international
shipping is fine and good to go through
the keys so you can go ahead and order
those links in the description and I
know in some of the places shipping is a
little bit expensive fortunately that's
kind of the price of shipping so far
away you know I always fight to make
sure things go internationally but
sometimes those things have a cost and
all kind of sucks but they ship from
North America so an idea that Kyle came
up with as if you guys have friends in
one area you can slip that cost cuz he
was saying that if you Buttler multiple
the shipping cost still stays the same
so maybe you can like order a bunch you
any friends together and then split that
cost but I'm sorry I'm trying my best
booty for good cause so where do we date
gonna be top
I'm not tired no inside you tired I
entered oh these bags under my eyes not
not not no don't worry about these bags
they're just my laptop's in those bags
story this is
packing extra extra clothes I can't be
funny right now I'm sorry
now must this right now I'm being a
douche ring sunglasses inside because my
eyes are public bloodshot red for being
so sleep-deprived our backstage at least
so my vlog two days ago I was like oh I
think I broke my eyelashes and since
then I've not done my mascara and
today's I'm doing my mascara I
definitely burnt my eyelashes like I
have no high life is here my mascara I
was like what do you I went to close to
my candle trying to take in the
positivity the outcome is very negative
survives all black urging come pick on
swag remember I got those shoes a new
bandanas acting a little it's just you
know Kyle's been vlogging when I record
and it's up my nostril stem but I heard
him a few minutes away from walking on
stage weed a stage is dope
I'm not gonna lie I'm really tired but
I'm not gonna be tired the second I walk
on the stage I'm out all the energy and
then I'll go back to my hotel and it's
gonna be glorious glorious oh yeah this
is going on Wilson and Jackson are here
which are the mastoid warriors that were
in Kenya when I went and I'm so excited
to see them as well he's so dope this is
what's a called again cyka cyka yeah I
bought one actually from Germany yeah
this is what they wear and it's like so
wonderful and warm but we're getting
ready to hit the stage you're feeling
yourself easily I don't have a warm ups
what does it mean to be a leadership
this is a vlog this is a vlog this is my
first vlog I feel like you're teaching
me oh my god this is good you know this
is the legend in the flesh right here
when the creator is one of the brothers
when they kill burgers between this
whole thing and I learned about him in
school now I'm setting mix him and it's
great she teaches me many many things
including I gotta say the amazing thing
that she designed thank you thank you
you Ralphie you are incredible the Masai
warrior said that they make you an
honorary Master warrior so they're
hoping that you're gonna go back I'm
gonna go back fantastic I'm gonna go
back to my honorary lesser warriors I
have it yeah become bloggers I would
just like to say that might get hiccups
way more than the average person like I
always have makeups
it's just be one of me I just have the
hiccups and I don't know and they're
very loud I don't know how to control
them and yeah I have take up yesterday
I'm saying I know one believe me now I'm
just anyway it's not what's important
right now what's important is that we
day was amazing
um first when I got here I was like I
don't think anyone in Minnesota watches
my videos I don't know what but to
expect but the crowd was insane and so
loud and there was signs and they were
just might have been the loudest crowd
yet so thank you so much for being
supportive and listening to me speak and
the rafiki's are doing so well they
completely sold out that we did which is
really cool um just let you know the
rafiki's the girl girl lover the girl
every keys will be available every we
date moving forward so if your school's
going to we day bring $15 with you of
you wanna buy the Rafiki
also we're adding shipping places to
their figure so like Pakistan is getting
added Israel is getting added Malaysia
is getting added the Hopi places keep
getting at it so yeah maybe you can find
a group of friends and split the
shipping costs and that okay I need to
stop lying split the shipping cost and
get it done but I need to order some
food and get rid of these hiccups
because
I'm a hot mess right this mall is too
big though right now I just can't
understand by watching wonderful
suddenly walking dead no one nap Kyle
what time we leaving six six some
walking dead I'm still disoriented I was
one episode of Netflix and then I
knocked out and now I'm still currently
in the middle of REM sleep just a very
little you have a blast it too much that
would be great thank you now and wheel
and we're gonna work on sending out girl
of bracelets because hassle don't step
house a little stuff and I don't make
sense because I'm men sleeping but I
don't you know what I'm not hey capping
so we're back and now we're getting old
geez getting to work I have like us
again oh my god why where do you work
and send some girl have braces my
friends have been posting us make me so
happy
Lauren Yousef Alex you use the floor and
Alex Dom I'll post it sim so I mean up
oh my god so it's really sweet we've
okay by the way according to Kyle today
we broke a record TV super broken record
what's the record the most bracelets or
product at all sold for we won one day
in one day we broke a record the most
races ever sold in one day
the one product yeah we broke our own
goal we're gonna increase it because
hello just because the goal does mean we
can't get more to have more people help
all the people yeah so congratulations
is awesome
see the problem not too big would change
the world together I told you when you
change the world we're doing it we're
doing it so proud of you baby booze and
that in her room getting a massage right
now I'm showing humbles room about to
leave but I saw her vlog cameras in here
and I thought why not take a second to
talk about how much I loved Lily
and how awesome today was 3,000
bracelets sold in the first day of the
campaign and I'm not sure if everyone
understands how I wasn't that is but she
is sending dozens of girls to school in
Kenya and that's just like so phenomenal
and it's so amazing that team super is
supporting her and sending these girls
to school
I just want to say how awesome she is
how grateful I am to be working with her
and be her friend love you Lilly time is
12 12 we finish doing all that stuff
actually she's got another massage right
now because my neck was starting to act
up again even though I just got one like
four days ago um Moses is like yeah your
f your f your neck is still really
really tense
he's like I don't he's that can moan
next time I come want to focus just on
your neck he's like it's so maybe
showing you certain parts and pressing I
was like so tense and also what's wrong
with me but I'm gonna go to sleep it's
12:00 I'm not gonna pull away tonight I
have not got a proper night's sleep in a
long time and these are all intervals of
sleep and naps and clean sleeps are
killing me so I'm gonna go get some
sleep I know I have deadlines tonight
but they just have to wait until
tomorrow morning because homegirl needs
some sleep
cereal first cereal so I talked with
Lilly
but thank you for joining me on today
such an amazing incredible day
record-breaking day we broke records no
big deal and for the best possible thing
and I know my brand I'm just like this
is so important and this is so great and
I'm so happy we're doing this together
and I'm speechless I'm so happy my
friends are supporting me and they're
posting pictures with it and everywhere
I'm message to be Hank I send you one
like I would love for you to promote or
help me they'll be like yeah sure great
it's so much more important that they
promote this rather than like all the
other things I do which are great I want
those things and want all my other stuff
to be successful but this matters so
much more it's like this matters so much
more and so
I'm really happy about it all and thank
you all so much for your support this is
day one and we've got 9 more days left
in the campaign so let this be strong
every single day but for now I'm gonna
go to bed and get some good rest I hope
you get some good rest as well tomorrow
you know slow then good good if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
girl this year
oh it's a volcanic evolve are you
blogging yeah yeah really yeah that's
super living yeah make money yes I do
know why my son's also is on with that
thing called whose Facebook are you mark
