so we're on a plane and we're headed to
Minnesota for we day
first we day of the 2016-2017 season and
it's all about girl loved this year
that's so cool what is that thing oh
it's a bobcat your volume time are you
blogging yeah recording right now did
you hear something
yeah really yeah that's what you for
living on the internet yeah make money
yes I do you know what my son's also is
almost a thing called whose Facebook is
it good
are you Mark Zuckerberg similar similar
oh my god I'm gonna look you up with
your name Google that look at the food
check it out
I actually stopped pressing record so
that joke finish we're on our way to
Minnesota for we day and it is three and
a half hours of flight I need to edit
this Kenyan vlog is released tonight at
midnight according to Minnesota time and
then the girl of campaign officially
launched it which means you can get
yourself over Fiji today it's such an
important meaningful day because this
truly means so much me we'll talk more
about that though this guy's probably
will talk more about that and yeah
that's one on a sort of you land without
at nine two hour time difference going
to sound check then we're going to edit
some more then release and then let's
board we landed to this handsome fella
so I just realize this is my first time
ever in Minnesota this vlog is also very
weird because I feel like I just started
yet it is now nighttime because we
traveled and this time difference we are
heading straight to the venue to do
sound check I got worked out on the
plane this Kenya vlog so
after soundcheck there's no sleep until
that blogs out I'm bummed because I
wanted to spend like a week editing it
but y'all saw what happened with the
book so I'm gonna get it done and it's
gonna be epic you wanna fold we're just
going to acquire a little bit of a late
night and we're gonna get it up yes
awesome but first we soundcheck walking
through my change right right using dope
right now look at this boom boom boom
boom these lungs I'm signing because
they officially go on sale tomorrow in
terms of like in person at this event
but they'll be on sale as soon as I vlog
comes out tonight a few facts in case
you forgot this is the freaky that I
designed I'm wearing it right now I
designed a custom designed I told them
inspiration on the tag it says girl love
engraved into US has grabbed me to be on
the other side right
yeah me too either side and they're each
handmade I made the ones with the Mamas
in Kenya for each handmade the creation
of them employs 1400 women that Mabel
them to send their daughters to school
and the proceeds made from selling these
bracelets also go towards helping girls
go to school so it's two ways to support
women's education by purchasing this
Rafiki and the available online in
Toronto the middle restore and every
Rita event and they are $15 hand made
the like Kyle's like the link for this
will be below in this vlog right there
will top every top the link to buy these
would mean the world to me to buy them
I'm gonna sign all 50 of these so the
first few peels are purchased them at
this event tomorrow we'll get a signed
one and that's what's up how you doing
pal I'm feeling excited it's come to
life this is like in the girl of logos
on the back and everything is just uh
let's read the back where your heart
around your wrist or your neck and
Swahili the world for friend is Rafiki
oh there you go rafiki's connect us
through our passion to change the world
each Rafiki helps provide a girl in
kenya with access to education spreading
the girl love by showing how awesome
women can be when they have equal
opportunity keep building each other up
leaving behind the negativity and
achieving amazing things together here
and around the world and you can also
track do it impact by putting that code
in there and it can tell you like where
your money is going what's happening
with it so it's dope
I'm in love with this I've done a lot of
really cool things in life I am so proud
of this and I hope you all support it
because this wearing this could change
people's lives it's amazing 58 oh my
shoes match the right now to toe make
some noise for all
apparently apples are a thing here um
check it out got apple cider and I got
some Apple desserts I got this cute
little thing in my room I also got this
cute little thing in my room right now
very few guys enjoy that awkward opening
today the vlog ok fuck I was so stressed
when the planer I was like just shut up
long hope you're every shoulder he was
like why what do you mean
music so stressed about it Frankie I
love you I don't prank people I think
pranks are horrible horrible things
I don't prank people the time is what
times 1 1:18 the night is young still
because we still got lots of Kenya this
is the story of the Kenya vlog right I
was like you all might have a week to
edit this ish it would take my time I
have this bad habit where I tell Kyle
like Kyle I don't need you to hire an
editor because I can do it Kyle look at
me I can do it because I have trust
issues I can't trust other people
editing stuff and what happens 50,000
other things that thought on my plate
every single time like Kyle we find
editor and every single time I say
before every single time he's like you
waste you'd you should have told me this
Oh what so now I've just told him to
never listen to me again I don't want
people editing my stuff but for some
girl love things because additional
stuff to what I already do it's a little
bit hard so I'm not opposed to bring on
an editor for that because there's only
so many things I can edit and do today
but yeah so this is my official wave
tongue you never to listen to me again
if I say that I mean editor because yeah
in other news I took a great poop just
now Oh lovely I was in the room he was
in the washroom with me oh she ran out
of toilet paper yeah oh yeah you know in
poopy the time has come
first of all look at this amazing
necklace they gave me since we the time
has come for me to stay up and Kyle to
go because one of us needs to be
functional tomorrow
that is his job because when I'm like
this he's gonna be able to know the
schedule and so this is how the tea
works here go dad I'm gonna stay up
won't be a zombie until I have to go on
stage I'm doing a new speech by the way
girl up themed and he's gonna be
functional that's that's what's going on
the fit him okay I'm not a show for
YouTube yeah um so that's that's what's
gonna happen I wish you the best sleep
of your life probably won't and I want
you to both of us
also he is working in this room yeah
yeah
also we're like attached to like the
biggest mall in America or something
Mall of America Oh
Mall of America he's saying oh because I
think geology and come bombard the hotel
that's what he thinks that's what he
thinks
don't do it that's what I know
don't do it you bike I'll go live your
best life in your but I think you go
live your best life
okay like I'll before you go questions
questions for Kyle's me using questions
with Kyle um where is the girl love
bracelet available where it is a ship to
everywhere that has shipping is in India
it's an India dude shall you carry we're
Trinidad US Canada UK
yes UK um all the places that you guys
are and what what do you think how is it
gender neutral do you feel proud where
yours yes it's a very gender neutral
it's actually blue not pink mm-hmm as
the girl love would imply yes and you
should know that the inspiration already
mentioned is in the vlogs if I did they
just pretend like it's the shock but
well as a phone having a conversation
about the colors was like I wanted to
look like something Khaleesi would wear
from Game of Thrones
that was my description so Khaleesi
probably would endorse this product as
well just gonna put that out there and
put that out there but more than
anything
kyle endorses it and
that's I don't endorse things lightly
that's right he doesn't have any
products want me to endorse their
product a lot a lot of that whole lot a
lot of them okay you see the amount of
company that sells give him underwear to
pop model in but he refuses okay bye
now I'm just procrastinating by hey
Kyle's gone I'm so tired I don't wanna
do this
honestly I just there's too many things
happening in a day and I'm dying and I
can't like I can't do it okay
I can't do this anything I can't do this
many things all day I really want to
release this right now though I think
I'm gonna go to sleep because I can't do
this
puh-leeze what do I look like some sort
of Nam boss and that I'm gonna stay up
almost every night if I have to this can
you block is not only going up it's
gonna go up
spectacularly and if that's not a word
it is now leg out
the time is 403 I am done waiting for to
render and then a God knows how long
it's gonna take to upload because the
video is 15 minutes and two gigs and I'm
on hotel Wi-Fi and I'd be ready to leave
at 8:45 for the event tomorrow so I got
four hours and 45 minutes before we
leave
um no gotta bus candy that's been
keeping me up this whole time I like the
video I'm I don't I'm glad I spent this
long doing it I didn't cut any corners
how many hours we'll see where I started
got here like 11 it's for what's the
math you'll five hours I estimated five
hours to plus the two hours on the plane
so seven seven ish hours I like it I
think are you frozen I like it um yeah I
like it a lot actually I'm really proud
of myself and I'm really part of this
whole campaign I don't keep talking
about over and over again but I know I
don't know how to explain it and I don't
want to sound preachy the like how can
we I just don't get how we can be
presented with opportunities to help
people and not take them you know what I
mean like maybe something in Kenya very
much so change me but like school people
don't get to go to school you know that
that breaks my heart and like it is
amazing that organizations like me do we
exist that think of ways to fix those
problems it's one thing to feel bad
about it's another thing to do something
about it and they've just done such an
incredible job I'm so honored to be
partnering with them through their we
day events or through any of the other
stuff they do it's just so great so if
you at all like from the bottom I heart
I don't
I wonder imagine I don't get any of the
money from these bracelets not even a
single cent goes to me it's not about
that this is about we didn't come
together and do something great if you
have $15 spirit spend it on this spend
it on this this is frozen it's for 21
still trying to render this it keeps
freezing never before has mental have
top done this and today it's like you
diddly staying up she gotta wake up a
Pooh seconds every your FLE why why ever
wear what I do to you my challenge pocus
on their what I do to you Apple clay
tribal customs over there reason because
I'm sorry I'm going wow got on my shoes
knit laid out I brought my shoes my
jewelry you're bidding between two
outputs only pack two outfits because
I'm trying to be responsible not pack
urging for one day remembers lines I
sound like a nerd um try little a the
video has a few moments to process and
that's going to come out and I'm very
proud of it and I really hope you like
gay and I've never wanted you to share a
video more than I want you to share this
one so I hope you consider it and all
things Simon girl upside anything else
like thank you for spending time with me
today and listen to me talk about my
heart and my passion and I really
appreciate it and I hope you had a
really great day of a crazy person I'm
gonna get two three hours of sleep and
then tomorrow is we day Minnesota
Sabrina's here also so funny I'm on the
plane I got to check some Sabrina just
like uh I think I'm sitting behind you
it I literally got up and I'm like
Sabrina sitting right there like well
why just tap me on the shoulder
she's adorable I love her but I'm more
gonna hang out tomorrow at we date but
for now
uh I hope your wonderful Oh if you like
it subscribe if you like and subscribe
I can't wait to change the world with
you if you like it subscribe okay I
don't want to show you too much I don't
want to show you the one thing where I
was like yes I can move here are you
ready
popcorn button we're good
sign me up pack my bags Lego
