we have to be quiet
good morning it is literally 4:00 p.m.
yesterday in my vlog I fell asleep on
the couch and I was like I'm going to
bed
and then I went to bed and no
exaggeration had the biggest migraine or
the worst migraine I think I've ever had
in my entire life like my entire life
for four hours I felt like someone took
a knife and was just slowly slicing my
brain open and I took meds I tried to
like sleep in different rooms I kept
wanting to throw up because it hurt so
much I was like trying to sleep by the
sink so I could throw up in the sink it
was horrible and so painful
that's me waking up at 4:00 cuz I didn't
get any sleep and now I've woken up and
still I have a migraine it's not as bad
but it's there so I'm trying to get a
massage ASAP because my neck and
shoulders are just like so tense and I'm
just in so much pain but we're gonna
write a book today you've heard this
many times or today we are not writing
the book we're finishing the book
finishing the book today as soon as we
eat get a massage wash our hair or do
something to alleviate the Game of
Thrones Walking Dead scenario happening
in my brain right now it'll be fine I
just popped a pimple alright here's all
everything's going great everything's
going great oh no this is all not fun I
feel like my migraine is definitely
coming back full force again now Oh hmm
and massage come into our little wash my
hair people who suffer from migraines
like I don't even have the worst memory
I have friends who experience way worse
my friends in me can't even say the word
migraines migraines and me heal kudos to
you because it's painful yeah and like
I'm scared to even like move my neck or
like move in different directions
I'm me tea up talking right now is the
most noise I can handle like I'm not
listening to music I can't even bear the
thought I'm hearing music right now
this team so come take care of me I'm
joking you have things to do you to do
things but I'm just gonna go cry in the
shower now or exit down and I don't know
cry as I said doesn't wanna do right
that made me feel a little bit better I
have to survive an hour and 15 minutes
more oh my god just honest goodnight
close this place like Frank Frank Frank
Frank
no stop it the Sun is shredding my brain
into pieces submission this is the one
thing about living alone because if I
was living at home I would be so a
four-year-old child being like mom I
just survived an hour and 15 minutes
until my boy gets here and then I get a
massage and everybody get to book
writing we can do this I feel a little
bit better so I was good but I think a
massage is gonna do the trick I don't
even know what caused it like I know
you're all gonna come being like it's
because you didn't sleepy but no I fell
asleep at 8 p.m. and all I did was get
up and move to my bed and that was it
was like knife through my brain so like
I was trying to sleep I don't know uh so
it's probably not very entertaining for
you
who well oily and shiny I feel better my
headaches still not completely gone just
strange because no amount of medicine or
anything is fixing it but feel good
enough to start working or some food
what are you working we got through
chapters and a bunch of other stuff to
do and we're gonna make happen we're
gonna make it happen
my masseuse his name is Arthur and I
love him because he's just such a nice
guy and I'm just like you're my favorite
aardvark I love you when you need some
energizing energizing really energizing
when you need some energizing order good
food got Tony you know how love Tony's
not pasta I got my salad got my bread
imma eat this I'm ready to go I already
started my first chapter that I'm
writing um I'm feeling better I'm
feeling better my neck keeps cracking
but that's good sign so that means of
getting out all the all the evilness
here we go yeah there you go Arthur you
my man my man was cracking was cracking
was cracking the time is 11:10
p.m. I just finished my first chapter a
little bit slower to get into things I'm
going to move a little slower but that's
because you know once you step out of
the groove it takes a little bit to get
back in but start second chapter right
now we have two chapters up to go and to
the other sections and some things
there's a lot of work to do just a lot
of work when we're back in it in between
every chapter I dance a little bit I
listen to some music
take a five minute break and then I get
right back into it so guess what's
crack-a-lacking I just finished a
chapter called be the dumbest man I'm so
fidgety I'm just so like adjusting in my
chair over and over again when I'm done
the second chapter is 1:00 a.m. I don't
feel sleepy because I woke up at 4:00
but one more chapter left chapter
there's still other things to be done
but chapter last chapters exciting the
last chapter is called was a call say
what you mean what's up what's up all
out here I'm out here what's up been
writing every chapter for my book sign
50 chapters in the bag son and daughter
55 0 I'm not done yet I said I'll manage
to do I say are two other sections I'm
in the book there's these sections
called out of the blue where they're not
guidelines and they're not like the
other chapters is just additional
sections where the one side I don't have
to give away too much but there's a blue
side and yellow side and the blue side
recalls a day from like the bad part of
my life and then in contrast to a really
good day of my life so you see like how
I went from this to this and how I did
that is entailed in all the other
chapters of the book to show you that
like yo why would you listen to me like
why why does have a book cuz I followers
are so stupid reasons listen to me
followers owe me nothing you think
there'll be nothing in those sections
trying to show you that you this is why
I think I know what I'm talking about
because I went from this to this and so
I'm trying to tell you how I went from
this to this
so I write two more of those sections I
wrote one one three in total I'll write
two more holy crap okay I look like a
crazy person but holy crap is 439 am i
finished all the sections before of the
blue sections all I have is an intro and
conclusion to my book oh do you feel
I feel it okay it is 6:00 a.m. I have
written two extra things I wasn't even
supposed to write this because I felt
strongly to do so and now I'm about to
start wait for it pause for dramatic
effect the conclusion to my book this is
the last thing I am writing for my book
and then draft 1 of how to be a boss is
done and completed in its entirety can
we just take a moment conclusion can we
just take a moment time to end with a
bang let's go okay I'll stay here's fine
oh do you understand shut up everybody
shut up I just finished my first ever
book can we take a moment can we take
them up 50 chapters 4 out of the blue
sections and intro a conclusion rules to
read in the book all I have left is
acknowledgments which is fine thanking
people but but hear me when I say I am
dying my book of course I need to still
go to the editing process all but I'm
done the manuscript for my book the
first draft of my book
by the grace of God thank you I am so
freakin happy you don't understand you
don't understand I just want to say
honestly I just want to say I am NOT
writing this book as merchandise I'm not
writing it because I'm superwoman I'm
not writing it I am writing this book
because I believe in it
I believe in it so much and it's not
about I have fans so they're gonna buy
the book regardless it's not about that
it's not a bug this is about every
effing chapter I vouch for and I believe
and I am so damn proud of this book even
though it's gonna get edited into this
and there's robably mad typos in it I am
so proud of this book and I feel so good
right now all right yeah I'm good thank
you okay thank you hi it's 6:30 a.m.
hello the Sun is out hello when every
chapter is highlighted that's right try
to pause and zoom in on that team super
are you probably well let's be real face
telling my mom who is constantly been
hounding me like you are you down your
book are you down your book with me
smack you down your book come on mom
answer don't make this anticlimactic
image come on come on you'll not tell us
that oh no no you don't you're looking
at me you know you're looking at right
now you're looking at the person who
just finished her book that's right
you're on the bus that's the right you I
finished my book I was telling my vlog
how you were hounding me making sure I
did it all right well well you don't
bite no up in there now I just finish my
book I know tomorrow we're gonna do some
serious rejuvenation Sunday because my
apartment is filthy because of the last
48 hours I've just been leaving things
everywhere and being like no you're
gonna go around my book tomorrow I've
got to catch up on Barry's emails and do
a whole bunch of other things I haven't
gotten around to doing including editing
a Kenyan vlog for you that's in a corner
on the 20th which I'm very excited about
but it is 6:30 a.m. actually is it even
6:30 am I making that up
6:30 7:00 a.m. I'm gonna go to bed and
thank you so much for joining me on this
day this magical blessed day and I hope
you had a wonderful day
and um dude Frank if you want to
preorder my book out of your boss the
link is in the description and it's
Lilly Singh book calm if you want you
don't have to would if you want dust
that's how you do it ah
oh cool if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe subscribe guess what
I'm doing and guess what I've been doing
for the past very long time and has made
me very happy
look who it is no we're being friends
and we're talking on a Friday night
we're turning up here we're both sitting
on the floor because our phones are
dying basically yes this place I know
but I want to go back to Tron 28 the
mean and we're gonna be in love the
whole time so
