good morning sweetie pies
good afternoon it is 1:45 but it's okay
though because while I was lying in bed
sleeping in I thought of a few video
ideas that might work for today it is
super Monday a few things no I don't
change my clothes
second thing is today I'm going to treat
the day as if it is life or death
because Tim I didn't realize that my
flight to Singapore is actually so early
on Wednesday it's technically Tuesday
night tomorrow night so in my brain i
was like oh i have tuesday and wednesday
now I just have tomorrow and all sort of
packed well so today is gonna be like
hustle non-stop no wasting time no
scrolling to Facebook no breaks with
shows just writing video as it's like
you know one really goes into extreme
beast hustle mode that's what's happened
to we're gonna start with me washing my
hair because of duck teeth and I need to
do so I don't know what you're thinking
oh my god stop everything stop the book
dad everything I know what you're
thinking Lily what towel are you gonna
use I mean that's a great question
because I just did the laundry and the
color I decided on is this blue one
right here this going here so no knees
panic a color has been selecting a
talisman selected everything's great
everything's going amazing it's gonna be
a wonderful productive day you and I
both okay you and I both better make
promised each other here we go more
importantly once you promise yourself
that's BAE see me productive wash my
hair breakfast and we go get to it then
I'm out of shampoo you see this is the
problem of traveling so much I don't
realize when things are running out
hopefully the other washing or shampoo
but how about taking shower I like this
much let's be less just less can we just
let's let's just be someone donate me
some can someone just donate me some
shampoo right not off to a great start
but confident after the shampoo
situation gets sore Coco
I mean first like Lucy sterling my
sister
step1 I'm being productive don't wear
your PJs all day I'm wearing real
clothes my tank top is so cute it says
play with fairies ride a unicorn swim
with mermaids fly to the moon
additionally don't use an iron leg up
yo yo yo so I finished writing my video
idea I created a whole script for it
right here it is called um I know it's
called arms check it's called when
parents say they need to talk so that's
a cute skit because Kyle and I were
talking about it the other day about how
if anyone ever tells me like hey and you
talk to you I will freak out and assume
the worst and especially when my parents
do it so I wrote this cute little skit
and I'm gonna shoot will actually
Hummels and help me shoot it and I got
my little prop section over here for
scream be an essential part so I got
that little set up there and I'm into my
makeup get ready I'm gonna do bottom G
through Manjeet and then Lilly I'm gonna
actually mix up the order because my
diesel has a really small part um so
yeah this is going on you know something
I'm really trying to get better at in
life I always have this talk with myself
is that you know I make most of my
videos a day of so maybe Monday video
Monday my Panthers Davey on Thursday
with the exception of like a handful of
things like book promo voices that I do
in advance but because of that I have a
very hard time when I have to like a
skit or something the emotion of stress
and anxiety goes above fun and enjoying
it and it's something I'm working on
because I'm like Frigg after I get us
done and they're to editing release it
today and like I gotta hurry up and do
this and that's how I feel and more and
more I'm trying to be like it's okay you
know yourself you're gonna get it done
you always get it done
you're gonna edit it you're gonna put it
out though you might as well enjoy it so
I'm trying to train my brain to thinking
like y'all cause bottom G's gonna be fun
we're gonna shoot this thing and I just
feel like in life if you want to work
really really hard on something you know
like from morning tonight I pretty much
work on superwoman
you gotta enjoy it or you're gonna go
crazy I don't want to go crazy so I need
to learn to enjoy it that's what I'm
gonna do not going crazy like oh it is
hot is hot hot and the light stuff flesh
like a photobooth the will be fireproof
my youth my youth is yours what
and that's a wrap we're done shooting
what time is hoes how am I done
6:45 and I said I'll be done by 8:00
which is good timing I'm going to edit
this right now get myself a little
granola bar I'm gonna eat after I'm done
editing shoutouts to humble the poet for
helping me record my video you should
all go tweet him right now and express
your extreme amounts of gratitude
because he's so helpful thanks I'm even
a real MVP let's go ahead so let your
party
mr. FET miss one yet thirteen is the way
we roll play with Allah and Nagi my
shirts falling off one two my videos up
and about to eat and I'm gonna do some
book ready natural going on so the
elevator patio awkward we just want to
laugh my lights real quick because I'm
about to record something in the car I
listen to a way back playback song from
Bach back in the day you might not know
it's Tok footprints it goes like this
I'm have to serenade you for a second it
goes hurry up and come back was the last
thing she said to her son the day his
life was taken she didn't know he
wouldn't come back he died from the
bullet of a gun
and then something happens wait yeah the
son gets killed and then she she looks
up and she goes she heard a voice oh
please
when you cry I cry lovely when you smile
smile I smile along with you it's
basically about God being with you to
ever whatever you go through so that was
the model of my strength yeah when you
cry oh yeah yeah everybody not everybody
cry not everybody cry here you know I
remember the line was line was dyes that
I was like I said she said she said help
me Lord help me so she looked up to the
sky and she heard a voice replied
ah when you cry seized items freaking I
know I'm like lyrics calm up in here
what do you mean it was back to back up
in here in the back of my hand oh damn
I'm kidding I'm not saying I'm doing ADR
for diego's remember that flight video
she's literally asked me for lines like
redoing lines like for like four months
and I haven't done it you know why cuz
I'm a bad person I'm a terrible bad
person so I'm so sorry Derek I just
didn't write I'm setting it to him my
bet when it comes to doing casting
because I'm the worst
I'm the worst and I'm so sorry so I just
did it and now we're gonna write some
chapters for how to be about a gal hey
so I'm pretty much done writing for the
day I told my editor that realistically
I might need another extension of a few
days give me one second I might need
another extension a few days it's
already extended by a week my manuscript
but I was like a few more days because I
refused to rush it like I'm still gonna
act like I need a hustle I'm like I want
to be quality I'm not gonna rush it and
I know we can afford like a few days I
think so
but I'm still gonna write every day I
finish writing for today and I'm gonna
go to bed it's 3:15 a.m. tomorrow I got
a call or writing I got a pack for super
I got a few things to do so this was
going on and I'm just looking at my
travel schedule and I was like oh my
you're the worst is all of the worst
because busy is a blessing but it's so
difficult to make videos on days I
travel and so often my travel days
follow Monday Thursday for example when
I like being in Singapore on Thursdays
five because of 15 hours ahead so I have
15 hours or bumper coming back I
literally leave like Sunday and I'll add
at the end of Monday she's like all of
Monday I will be too plain so that makes
things hard because it's only so much I
can shoot in advance but I'm gonna
figure it out we're gonna figure it out
I'm gonna go to the toilet now well that
escalated quickly I'm finally using the
mask gotta finish this clip before
hardens because God knows and I could do
this tomorrow so I would have to bet
thank you so much for joining me on my
day and taking time every day to watch
my blog as always I appreciate it and I
hope you had a great day and a
productive day and a day you're proud of
and if not don't worry it's never too
late to turn around I'm gonna go to bed
hey if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe don't like it
subscribe yeah are you done I'm
procrastinating
why are you resonating how are you
procrastinating because I thought the
housing had been 200 is it done I
honestly I feel that I feel that I'm
also very hungry should I get your Clif
Bar
