somebody from unicorn I loves me that
person's me
good afternoon the time is 3 I said I
was in a week about 11:00 that was an
epic fail because I went to bed at like
8 but I'm awake I've been so exciting
news my offer on the house got accepted
I seven signed it and I sign it today or
tomorrow never have seven days to change
my mind so the seven-day leeway peered
but it got accepted which is very very
all exciting and is very terrifying
because I want to go there like light a
candle be like what is this houses
energy like I need to go I wouldn't go
tomorrow oh I also like debating to like
I don't know when I want to show it to
you because it's not furnished but it's
furnished right now is like a sample
furnishing it's like all the furniture
there's dough but it's not mine so I'm
like debating about a show - what if you
don't like it I'm so scared I don't do
that I was no chair I say why I'm Trever
I'm so terrified because I'm making this
decision without my family in terms of
like my mom dad and sister in them
they're not here to like visit it and be
like yeah this is good so I'm gonna
FaceTime them tomorrow and I'm just so
nervous and really excited what nervous
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't
terrified but that's happening I have a
photo shoot in a little bit for some
girl love stuff then today is probably
an all-nighter for book stuff but we're
in the homestretch of making it happen
so we're gonna make it happen first we
have some breakfast / lunch airing at
the thing good this is one of the shirts
that I made um some that you know her
lion loves me I was through my book it's
one of the chapters of the book it's not
called this but the I was wearing this
and then I may eat now
but first seguida card today generosity
i give generously to those around me no
matter how much or little i have i know
there's more than enough to go around
and that the key is to allow to keep
going around without stopping
i stopped the flow unlike the one person
at the stadium who doesn't do the wave
true generosity today I'm gonna be
generous to myself to my hustle and give
it as much time as it wants meaning if I
need to stay up for 14 hours past my
bedtime that's what I'm gonna do
cuz you know this book is important
we're gonna get it done I've pretty much
committed and decided to not doing a
video today because I want of course I
got my Twitter
she's yelling at me to do three things
go to sleep eat or not make a video so I
don't think I'm going to I think I gotta
prioritize the book today but uh I still
haven't eaten don't do that what what
what what I'd be lying if I said I
wasn't tired as f he's even I got into
bed at like 2:30 3:00 I woke up hours
before that were just lying in bed being
like oh my god I need to wake up
I'm so tired but um we're gonna go I did
this shoot I'm gonna piss my eyebrows
right now this and we're gonna
persevere we're gonna persevere and this
morning I got an email being like new
season of The Walking Dead up on Netflix
no I was like wait I haven't watched
season five yet so I'm just fronting but
still still it's okay that'll be my
reward I'm not watching any today soon
as I come home it's book book book book
book and I'm not gonna sleep and it's
gonna be great because I believe in
myself
also I'm procrastinating should fix my
eyebrows because I have one possibly
even a mustache all right
rashly where they are gonna be here in a
couple of minutes and I'm gonna get did
I gotta fix up my nails my nails I'm
just time and time again I'm just so
about of having my nails done they're
just always crufty and a she's always
just like I should my makeup artist but
she's still always bring nail polish
which is like I just know you're just
crafty and she just always fixes me so
I'm gonna try to get a head start on
that and I want to try to not be a tired
like stressed person like you know I'm
really tired I'm gonna have good energy
be on set do the thing stick together
who though okay so my husband's here
yeah I know Bobby and Bobby brought me
so many gifts papi well this is a super
quickly well look at all of this stuff
and giving me and turning me into a
woman right now okay what's this brand
this is Keratin Complex okay they have
an amazing Hydra blows and this is not
I'm not this is not an endorsement this
is Daniel I can use this on me right yes
you can use it on you and what do you
use I use it ivz this entire line on you
before which I was able to personalize
this select product that can be the most
efficient and most simple way for you
utilize okay let's make like two things
to hi first of all it's a heat-resistant
comb such a thing exists apparently I
just be using any like three straws to
comb my hair not realizing it's a thing
that he wears this take oh my god oh my
god this is amazing it's the sugar cane
mix it's called suit definition instead
of using sea salt you can use sugar mist
and it won't dry out your hair or give
it shine and texture these things look
out all these things I'm gonna be a
woman a fabulous woman what we done here
Poppy's here a she's on her way and we
don't get dead we don't get days but a
while it's been a while but be a while
you know earlier today I was like what
could possibly happen to say what magic
do I need to be able to get my book done
today like it's gonna be a rough day
this right here is it when I get my book
done later no it's because of this
moment and
man making this happen for me right now
because this feels amazing and all my
tension and stress has lived literally
like alleviating itself so papi by the
way yes I look like a poodle that's why
my own king oh my god
wolf I am living my best life okay this
is the official real
Rafiki that has the girl hands so I'm
peeing I'm literally peeing okay and if
you can see it but it says girl on that
tag this is the real one
as I said I'm gonna do I'm too excited
for life right now like literally every
time I talk about this I pee I'm being
like I'm here like when you see these
pictures know that I'm peeing in the
victor and we do the sheena stuff - my
husband okay I'm officially gonna show
you something I wasn't going to but I'm
going to now because I just decided
right now okay this is the actual
packaging of it that's gonna happen this
is girl of Rafiki we give education I am
so like I think of a lot of things I bet
in life this is the most fun most part
of this I think this is like really and
I'm finishing my book today and I'm
buying house and I'm still saying this
is still the thing that I'm like really
proud of it's very cool
and go
okay
you
it went a little bit on the
yeah
how do you feel in there I can really
say is I need to travel around the
evident warm blanket if we lose the
real-life
air bags constantly around me is great
okay
get over
yeah just finished the shoot is nine I
was so tired and I know I'm gonna have
to stay up until the problem
legitimately an all-nighter like not
even I don't even think I'm going to
sleep if I'm completely honest I don't
think I'm asleep I think it's gonna take
me to like tomorrow noon to like finish
I mean I don't know I don't know what
we're gonna I'm gonna get not complain
I'm a little overwhelmed I'm gonna eat
I'm gonna get started we're gonna do the
damn thang leggo shoot was so much my by
the way okay that chapter took way
longer than anticipated it's 1213 but
one chapter is done many more to go let
go
it is 133 am i finished my second
chapter for the night let go on to the
third let go there's no stopping me now
unless there's an earthquake or
something then I might mass be stopped
but as right now no stopping me okay
it's 2:50 a.m. and I finished my third
chapter for the night I'm losing sense
of time and how long's was taking me
according to my tweets I think that
chapter took me 53 minutes so an hour
less than hour which is really good and
I think it was a really good chapter -
so that's not the quality of suffering I
think I'm just like on a wave right now
no way like under pressure I work well I
was like do what I just can't get sleepy
we need to just continue on this
wavelength haha now I just feel like I'm
annoying you with time updates and so
I'm sorry but 354 and does my fourth
chapter I don't want to tell you how
many I have left because I'm scared I'm
going to to get all my chapters done and
I want to start off by saying the
chapters not the only thing I
technically after the intro and the
conclusion and the chapter intro site
with the headings and stead of like I
don't think we be able to do that I'm
gonna try to stretch that until tomorrow
evening and hope my posters and kill me
my goal is to submit all my chapters I
have 50 chapters in total
I just finished four it's four I am
I have to do six more chapters at this
rate that would mean I would finish if I
just didn't take a break and just kept
going kept going at 10 a.m. ish is when
I would finish which is fine this is
fine we're going to try to do it and as
long as the quality is not the mission
which I don't feel it is I feel like I'm
gonna groove and I'm like doing it but I
also tomorrow where's my calendar gone
uh have a meeting at 1:00 and I'm
meeting at 3:00 then I have to see the
house at 5:00 so you know if I sleep at
10:00 having me a one that would be like
two hours of sleep which is fine it's
fine it's time no one's concern right
all right let's do this
uh-huh 502 sleepiness is kicking in I'm
halfway done halfway high you can do it
it's just like I mentioned in
yesterday's vlog - today's the hardest
day he's though all the chapters I left
till the end being like oh I can't
figure this one out yet or like I'm not
completely sure what I want this one to
be about so it's not just writing it's
like it's like having to think about it
in a deeper way and this is the first
strap of my manuscript by the way so if
you're concerned being like yo she's
writing a chapter an hour that's kind of
the first draft of my manuscript so it's
still going to go through pasta being
edited and then edit it again by me so
I'm still gonna go over this twice but I
just don't want to submit like BS you
know I'm trying to submit like legit ish
so I have five my chapters left mm-hmm
okay this vlog should be called the
demise of superwoman the rise and fall
of Lilly Singh a future film it it's 604
iam just finished six chapter
and Suns gonna come out soon but that's
okay cuz that other than how we're gonna
do it I'm gonna do it don't do that
little stop it
start sorry this is not entertaining for
you watch why am I doing this I don't
know the you know it is after a certain
point in the night two things happen one
I get really into Bollywood and - I get
crazy
um just when I wanted to give up
notifications on my phone blowing up my
mom's liking my Instagram pictures and
she commented on my picture erasing one
of me like dying saying keep it up baby
with this emoji alright mommy said it we
got to do one let's do it okay to 7:00
a.m. I did seven chapters so it looks
like outside and every should promised
the last three chapters I'm going over
them and after writing all the other
chapters what I intended to say in these
chapters has already been said so I need
to figure out new life examples for
those chapters so I am going to email my
publisher letting her know that's the
hurdle I ran into and tell her that
hopefully it's okay give it to her by
the end of today Friday but I'm sending
seven chapters and one other thing that
I wrote so eight things and I feel
content with that it's not the ten I
wanted to accomplish but like I said I'm
not going to sacrifice the quality and
put the crap down because I need to
rewrite the outline for those chapters
so I'm gonna email that right now and
then we head into the toilet
those are ahead nothing to see nothing
to see here folks just girl holding her
garbage in her pink bra walking down the
stairs ready to go sit on the toilet say
goodbye to her friends stand by toilet
talk
7:24 I'm gonna bed wake up out 12:54 my
meeting that is here at my house
actually sounds great um so how many
hours is that thanks even at five hours
my god mr. Phillip five hours is big
amazing I'm so excited oh my god and
doesn't look like it wouldn't really
happy that's dope
so tomorrow we stop do some book writing
but it's okay because we're literally in
the like the final stretch this is it
this is the me like writing the intro
and outro and like doing it and not be
mad at myself I made an effort today I
part of me feels like a little bit of
failure cuz I didn't do what I said I
was to do but I'm a human and I have
limits and I've reached them so it is
okay it was okay um I said my publisher
very you know thorough email explaining
that any delays are not a reflection of
me not caring about this it is just it
is what it is
so yeah I'm gonna Ben I love you I hope
you had a great day and Dave jr. made a
and is it nothin no my tongue is so
weird if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe you every once in a
while I should collab with someone and
it's so rare that the person that enters
my home looks fabulous every single time
oh my God look at your outfit this is an
out but I'd be wearing on a red carpet
this is me putting all of my effort
getting glammed up paying $500 for hair
and makeup pick $1,000 this is
look like after signing my entire life
savings just go to stroll than strolling
nails hi Edna some color on hair
deadmau5 oh yes just on point like out
of a magazine please
