today is a no excuse zone
good morning it is 10:00 a.m. I woke up
it's 10 11 a.m. woke up 30 minutes ago
brush my teeth gonna have some breakfast
today I got a full night's sleep there's
no excuses okay
know where you see the excuses anyway no
we're okay cuz today I have to write a
lot of my book it is technically due
tomorrow I'm gonna take tomorrow to also
record it but this is due tomorrow I've
asked to problem live I may have to
shoot a collab today which is not ideal
timing wise but I don't wanna move it
because I've moved it a bazillion times
but out of a call right now you know
what let's not be frazzled this is the
way we're gonna get things done very
calmly it's gonna happen very calmly a
frazzle cuz these are all good problems
bizzy's a blessing I'm writing a book I
believe in the book I'm very happy with
the book thus far so I'm gonna call me
my breakfast I'm gonna do this call if I
have an hour until a Sissoko in life and
then I have an hour until a possible
collab and then I'm gonna write my book
and I'm also gonna take tomorrow to
write my book and I'm gonna do it in a
way where I believe it that's what's
gonna happen that's just gonna everybody
tape it again
you're that that's right welcome to what
will be a very productive day for you
and I both Lego also I'm looking at
yesterday's vlog and there's so many
comments be like her nose ring it's gone
I take it out from time to time I took
it out cuz I put my face mask on today's
ago and when I put my face mask on I
take the nose ring out so I just haven't
put it back in yet but I will put it
back in fun fact it's not actually part
of my face so but good eye good good one
of these you got there okay so yesterday
the premise of my vlog was freaking out
over an offer for a home and today I got
an email that was like hey can you sign
this with the offer
so yesterday I didn't even put in the
offer first I was confused but I'm doing
it now I'm not signing on my phone and
officially submit the offer being like
yes I'd like to purchase this home and
so this is the real thing that I'm doing
right now which is makes me feel silly
because yesterday it's still yesterday
was overwhelming for me because I saw
but over overnight and oversleep you
know I'm actually quite excited when I
walked into this apartment
time I had this very particular feeling
that was like oh my god I can totally
see myself living here and I had a very
similar feeling when I went to this
place so I'm excited and I hope I get it
because I do believe it would be a great
investment and I guess super adult and
super scary but I'm doing a lot of
really adult scary things and that place
made me feel like good I when I was
there I was like oh man this is a place
where like the one thing that's
important to me for a place like I want
people to do to come and stay you know
when you move and your friends like yeah
yeah we'll come visit but they never do
like that's a big ones my group of
friends people move we never visit but
everyone is come visit me I'm very lucky
in that regard but I guess la is like a
cool place so like chase comes and
humble comes and none that he comes like
my family will come and so when I saw
this home I was like everyone could be
in this home and my I find nephews ever
visit there's enough space for them and
it made me feel good so I'm officially
signing it it's monumental moment I'm
glad you're joining me oh my god I met
when I first said this is great in about
one minute or two minutes and we'll just
our tasks the room and live today is of
course the day before because doing
tasks in life because that's just what
happens but it's okay I also be shooting
with teyla an hour after this and then
after I'm done shooting with teyla
double vision I'm going to pull my head
down turn off my phone if I have any
instructions I work on my book but for
now I got some popcorn I got eggs right
let's do a Superman I'm like a bi team
super thank you for joining me for ask
superwoman a live look this is you look
this is all you oh yeah this is why by
the way every time you like why do you
do it on Twitter if you're looking at
the stream right now now you know what
now you know what because it's literally
impossible to read
oh man I'm gonna have to like put it in
my calendar to put that week on hold um
I have to go to a friggin carnival I'm
gonna have to do it in February Trinidad
I'm gonna have to do it to the vibes I
just got a little mascara a little
something teal isn't it be your soon
we're either shooting a sketch or a good
challenge type thing
I don't see that so it's me great and we
gonna get this done I'm also writing new
pens to have another one of these down
there like drop crotch II like I don't
know why am i showing you my crotch as I
do as I do you know every once in a
while I should clap with someone and
it's so rare that the person that enters
my home looks fabulous
every single time I'd be wearing on a
red carpet this is me putting all of my
effort getting gladdened done paying
$500 for hair and makeup pick $1,000
just rollin rollin nail color on her bed
oh yes just on point like out of a
magazine and sleek she's so cute and a
drill bit and gonna like about her as
well when she comes she always has some
like cool tea to just like let you I'm
being a little bit of jerk right now
because she knows my book has news I was
like I'm sorry about that my check how
she walks in and she just like girl let
me tell you about my life and I was like
I appreciate that girl I put that
friendship girl I appreciate what about
to shoot a cute video when is it gonna
come up really really good wait ah see
my version of Sam is like two hours but
people who are responsible have their
lives organized they two weeks so we go
shoot this thing it's gonna be good all
right let's do it
all right he said Sheila and I finished
shooting on his liberal fail as a
challenger we both failed but it was
cute he's so great
now I am literally putting my phone on
Do Not Disturb
and I am putting my head down and the
only thing I am doing is writing this
book or not is the only thing I am doing
let's go burns together
of course everything lines up in a way
where I'm trying to write a book and buy
a house at the same time and I've got an
update and it seems like it's not
confirmed it's like 99.9% firm but
they're gonna accept my offer and they
want to close so quickly which means by
the end of this month this month I would
have bought my first house which is kind
of crazy
and also that doesn't mean have to move
by the end of the month that means I
will own it by the end of the month and
I can you know I have this place until
the end of November so essentially I
have two months to move but I just you
know I'm not gonna think about that
right now because right today we're
writing a book I've already done two
chapters it's 9:00 we got many more to
do and I need to eat something and but
I'm just I'm terrified I would be lying
if I said I wasn't absolutely terrified
right now because I usually go back and
like it's like check every like imagine
myself and I need to go and like feel
the energy of house again because which
I'm going to on Friday but it's just
this is a big deal this is a big deal my
sister and her family I haven't even
seen this apartment yet you know no the
time is 1208 a.m. excuse me I just
finished my I just finished my fourth
chapter got it
I'm going to record a quick thing that I
need to record for some poor girl up
series of even following girl up I set
up my stuff there we've been following a
girl love then you know that we have
this there's a shine text where you get
text every day saying empowering things
to you and so I'm going to record the
last episode right now because it was
fan voted and so I do that then I'm
gonna write another chapter and then
after that I'm gonna wash my hair and
I'm already Miller chapter and then
that's chapter
oh here the time is 2:38 I have some bad
news I miscounted how many chapters I
had to do and I actually have to do more
than I thought cuz I can't count I don't
do the math numbers and I'm a very bad
Indian
Oh Indian Canadian clay in India no I'm
not from India and all the comments are
gonna be like I thought you're gonna
yeah in Canadian of Indian descent is
what I meant I'm gonna go wash my hair
now it's okay not stressed just a little
bit you know seen submit overwhelm what
we're gonna calmly proceed
let's do 38 I'm gonna wash my hair good
and use that uncle early for anything
tomorrow but I don't want to sleep in
too late because I've read a lot of
chapters tomorrow as well
so that's what's gonna happen and I'm
kind of hungry again so for 24 I'm
finished six chapters I'm gonna do
another one I told myself I do seven
today I'm very proud that I went to
seven but now I'm also like you didn't
count right so really you're an idiot
but I'm gonna keep going I'm just a
little stressed nuts you don't know I'm
stressed I'm not I'm not gonna be
ashamed of say mister hazdeb stressed
it's not a weakness just to my office
shoot and the shoots not that long the
shoots only an hour and a half and my
makeup takes an hour and a half it says
three hours which Mar is also a video
day I try my best to make a video but if
I don't I'm not gonna be mad at myself
because I need to get this book done and
I don't want my publisher to kill me
she's already been so patient
fun fact my book was actually due
September 1st its September 15th so
she's giving me two extensions and I've
learned a very valuable lesson through
writing this book it means my first book
I was bound to learn some lessons I
learned that I can't expect to just be
like oh for the next three weeks I'm
writing my book it's not gonna work like
that I should have just everyday I had
some spare time worked on my book but
every time I did that I was like nah man
I'm gonna take like three weeks off take
a month off sit dedicate that month to
my book but like my life doesn't work
like that
I really thought it I could and Hannah
and mamrie and grace warned me about
that they told me that they're like you
think that's gonna happen it's not and I
was like no I think I know but then
firstly
white house came up then Singapore comes
up then Kenya gets presented then
Olympics get presented and there's all
these things happen so definitely
learned a lot of stuff but um I'm gonna
do another one here we go okay it's six
thirty six I am NOT at 6:30 a.m. okay
six minutes
I finished my seven chapters I'm so
screwed
good morning when I wake up because I
don't think it's physically possible for
me to finish the remaining chapters
Robert I'm going to die trying is what
I'm going to do so if there's not a
video I apologize and you know why but
I'm gonna try
you know Tibet I'm not gonna go the
toilet I'm just gonna go straight to bed
right now thank you for joining me on
today and I hope you had a great day and
I productive day and can't wait for you
to read this book because that thing is
really good okay they tagged my time if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe okay I think I might might
have found a place I really like this
picture of Bob Marley over there on the
wall as a sign mushroom so go check
places but I have a pretty good feeling
about this place
