michelle obama purse so heavy gettin
oprah nuts yes I finally googled with
actual lyrics were and there were
nothing like what I thought there were
so now I'm singing correctly
good morning good afternoon it is not
morning it was like 3:00 p.m. I woke up
a while ago I actually went to bed like
6:00 a.m. and then my mom woke me up at
7:00 a.m. because she thought she was
calling my sister but really she was
calling me and she woke me up it's not a
rough night
and my stomach is still doing some woozy
stuff having some digestive problems so
chase and I just had a full conversation
about digestion
that's deeming us to be the oldest farts
on the planet we're old we're talking
what digest you gave me a probiotic pill
like that's where I'm at in life right
now so drinking ginger ale I have a
massage in an hour and a half that I
cannot wait for because my body feels
like it's just one giant knot and I need
to be stretched out and ting so I'm
excited about that today's all book
writing I got self tape to do but it's
book writing self taping I'm already
late in the day so then shut the F up
and start hustling and that's gonna be a
great day it's gonna be good still on
that float is high and yeah yeah yeah
yeah oh I see
I need my muscles to be a wizard today I
feel so broke up I really need to feel
feel rejuvenated because I'm not being
productive he's gonna be here in like 15
minutes
and I need this straight out this and
every time I eat something I feel like I
need to puke right away so I'm not in
the best physical state but I'm hoping
to for this hour of massage I'm gonna
turn off turn off the mind rejuvenate
drink lots of water make it happen here
we go I need to marry my masseuse I just
I didn't marry him he's so good and he's
so caring it takes so much time to make
sure I feel all like at ease and I love
it
I love him but now the time it is 5:56
and I need to get some work done
nothing is taking my stomach
any food in my stomach just my stomach
is like not having it suddenly it's
fruits and then I already finished one
chapter to go back and put more chapters
and next we're going on a little bit
about EU I just went on a Twitter spree
right now because I was just truthfully
procrastinating but I was feeling sassy
a little bit in my last video why I'm
not in a relationship has so much hay
and I know that anytime I videos so much
hay it's because it either was like
trending or got shared more than usual
because every time there's like a wave
of hate that's very specific that's like
a racist and sexist I know it's just
that new people are watching it that's
all for lighting a good thing but
sometimes like don't get me wrong it's
not because I'm offended but I just want
to reply to negative comments sometimes
because solely for the fact that it
amuses me like it's like an
entertainment thing for me like I'm just
so sassy and I feel like I have such
good comebacks but the issue is when I
reply people delete their comments and I
was just tweeting saying I wish that
once I replied to be pulled they could
not do it they're come slowly for my
amusement I know that's kind of savage
but I'm just being honest and being
honest enough that and take which one of
my voices I'm talking to my vlog god
chase I friends okay clearly but yes I
was just going to tweet you being like
yo just gonna a unicorn and I'm positive
don't think I ain't from Scarborough and
I couldn't every show or do you mean me
okay I should've backed right in that
book okay when your friend is a
choreographer
oh hi Jase so entertaining I love it
dance monkey dance he's like my chariot
save me gee boss okay so even though I
haven't had dairy in so long
I just had some yogurt because my sister
was like dude maybe you need the
bacteria from yogurt to like kill
whatever bacterias in your stomach but
now I just want to puke off the yogurt
so something's definitely not right and
I think tomorrow my for the doctors if
it doesn't get better because yeah I'm
not feeling great and my stomach won't
allow me to have any food in my system
and so I'm constantly hungry but when I
eat I can't keep it down so yeah that's
not fun but the second chapter is done I
need to start memorizing my lines to
self tape but I just want to sleep in
lie down and not do any of this to be
honest and watch some Walking Dead I
need to watch The Walking Dead because
apparently it's happening in my stomach
so yay so gross I just threw up a little
in my mouth I'm sorry just so gross I
feel so I'm literally like at my desk
like being it's all mental ignore it
ignore and I know I keep complaining to
you and I'm sorry my new tactic is to
make some popcorn like something just
soak up stuff in my system I don't know
I don't know the answer but I'm I also
just kind of really want popcorn
Oh what's a what is this what is these
people up in my house moving around on
my Thien Tinh bhaijaan here we go
your middle name is hot popcorn you can
move anything miss ideas Magna popcorn
I finished my audition actually this
helped hit myself I just recorded myself
like a ghetto person and like played it
back in time did appropriately even
though humble was more than willing to
help I just wanted to get it done
because I don't want to puke it's 3:19
a.m. I'm gonna go to bed soon first time
I clean the kitchen our kitchen is very
messy I don't know I just like it's very
messy
I fed how to do the dishes I feel like I
have to do dishes of likely the calendar
or something I don't know I just feel
like it's amazing yeah I'm possibly
gonna have dishes on my desk so I just
need to like clean because I feel like
things are dirty I didn't cook nothing
no today I cook come why did you just
put on my headphones they're like right
yeah so I'm gonna go to the toilet use a
toilet doc and Stanley
oh well he's asleep
are you alive a good kid looking good
totally talk with Lele I am going to go
to bed I also just dropped my clothes
everywhere and just leave them there I'm
gonna go to bed thank you for joining me
today I hope you had a great day and I
hope tomorrow I wake up and my stomach
is not a hot mess mostly because going
to the doctor's and be time-consuming
and I ain't got that time I know my
health is important but I simply don't
know how that time so I'm just hoping
the stomach gods hear me and tomorrow my
stomach is fine yeah tomorrow is more
book-reading same old thing same old
thing what day is it even today Friday
Saturday Sunday
Saturday all with Saturday now Patrick's
is past 12 so when I wake up on Saturday
really okay anyways hoot if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe White
House is right I'm so creative like
that's that's the white one right so I
would but yeah this is really really
dope
