of everything I've ever done in my life
or showed you this what I'm about to
show right now is quite possibly the
most cringe mother effin thing I've ever
seen my life a harder part if you listen
Sunday Funday okay my schedule for
today's changed 900 times so here is the
final mission for today you prepare for
my secret thing tomorrow send some
emails go watch Black Panther finally
that's it the dog training thing got
canceled I had the self tape to do I'm
not doing that anymore so there's a lot
of things that juice is kind of it's
kind of a dare I say free day and I
first how stressed I was like I was like
oh my god I do things I'm now I'm just
gonna like play some roller coaster
tycoon and I'm gonna have a bomb day cuz
go I'm the bomb night tick tick might as
well get some bonus points and washes
hair you know I mean so cool dear Sirs I
can do with this Luke I am NOT your
father you are not being stuck in my
retainer and your humble the poet son
and I got to minister for your cranium
five years to fill a stadium some
signing in yo here's the thing right I
think I'm good at monopoly deal but I
just steal money from the bank cuz my
skills are so dank and they reek because
I never go on a winning streak and the
only time I streak is if I run on the
streets naked and that's why I'm always
faking in the block like I'm a winner
really I'm a sinner cuz I like oh I got
tattoos on my body huh umm losing to
Lydia monopoly dealers ma happy
Real Talk well I miss humble I haven't
seen them in so long I'm gonna take a
shower and I get some bonus polling put
on the same clothes I'm about to clue oh
my god okay listen
of everything I've ever done in my life
or showed you this what I'm about to
show right now is quite possibly the
most cringe mother effing things I've
ever seen my life my uterus on sadly
right now because my parents had to dig
up some like old pictures and videos of
me for this thing I'm working on you'll
find out in a bit being released but my
dad's is one video
remember doing this as a kid but I
wouldn't sure I liked what I could even
watch little things I was cringing
watching it how awkward of a kid I am
but here's this video that I apparently
made in my room I want to point out many
things one check out how I'm talking for
everyone that thinks I'm trying to be
someone I'm not
look at the way as a young kid I'm
talking to this video Scarborough
through and through not you baby this is
car broke through and through that's how
I was raised to talk number 2 I'm
imitating the rock and number 3 I'm
clearly uncomfortable and 4 I don't even
making a video in my room look this was
not when YouTube was a thing so I'm like
did I have this with me the whole time
but not any British not a first-rate
this is this almost cringing mother to
think no one bring it up to me I'm so
embarrassed watch it go I thought this
video is like it shows don't think that
will do time I indicated this is
introduction and it's good in every
corner and I know that when we do this
shut up what the work is okay
oh my god how ugly and embarrassing was
that I can't even deal it's several
hours later I just watched all of season
two of the good place I love Kristen
Bell it's such a cute show I freaking
love it
you know about our movies what a
relaxing day oh I did do a lot of work
yesterday so you don't sir here just
pooping on the floor right next to the
mat just to be like mom fu all right I'm
on my way to become a normal human being
one Black Panther I feel like I'm gonna
gently the last person on the planet
till this time we actually also hasn't
seen it so where the planet just if I'm
wearing my Crayola Nikes but you were
really really cool just pull something
was all good Scarborough is gonna come
to we're gonna good time let's go people
think they understand that but they have
no comment alrighty back home
Scarborough is so good in movies like
he's so chill II just like sleeps and
doesn't care about the sound like it's
just a chillest dog ever feel of glad
there was dope it's a little long longer
than I expected Roos dope I love how
they maintained the culture it seemed
very authentic I was down with all of
that Michael B Jordan looking like a
whole goddamn snack when I was shooting
Fahrenheit 451 he was mentioned that he
had to redo some of the fight scenes in
and so I feel like personal connection
to weight you know and scarborough's to
it on the floor why we're right there
why'd you go over there mom I was quiet
during the movie now I have all this
energy all this energy look at all this
energy I have mom Wow I'm gonna run
around and bite everything for the next
hour so tomorrow I have to wake up at
4:30 a.m. to get where I need to be by
5:30 and it is 10:30 right now it's even
if I sleep right now I only get six
hours of sleep which I'm not gonna sleep
right now because ball of energy
hydrating face mask give me the bonus
points because I still managed to do it
even though I need to go to sleep like
right now right now I'll drink a bottle
of water which I believe counts as two
glasses and go ahead give me those
points so just let me show it I promised
it happen i real talk though all drips
I'd I'd do any start drinking my water
not just postgame be like the head is
always hurting it's always hurting and I
don't know if that's gonna be the
solution but I know it'll probably help
so did you just pee on the mat what a
good
boy what a good boy good boy good boy
baby
alrighty let's see how we did today
today when you watch this a super Monday
which me the main Channel video is going
to relieve his loss sneak peek I will
take the veggie burger with Brussels
sprouts actually know what mega fries
you know what the help make your large
its members day one make sure your super
sticky I don't know when it's gonna
release and when Super Six is gonna be
but from my secret area I'm gonna be let
me know the vlog fan sent you so I can
show you some extra love and
you
