Stella McCartney is actually a sign of
minds I'm going to meet it for the first
time today
well now that I made sure that everyone
on my team is hungover like a real boss
would we're gonna have a great day and
we welcome you like when May is I'm like
I feel great because you know why that
Punjab time we hustle harder we got an
exciting day ahead of us with really
really cool things here's the mission
meaning I'm hanging through the girlboss
podcast happy that I got lunch with a
friend ANCA my hair and makeup done I'm
heading to the Stella McCartney fashion
show and we're Nate we got to go but
before we do one of you lovelies gave me
this jackass has boss at the back of it
the vibes the vibes oh snap okay okay
those do kicks those the kick and still
you know very difficult maybe even
prouder if I had kids you know some of
the vlog channel is slang you see what
I'm doing in these certain clips but in
between them in order from whatever them
literally just like a robot thing it's
plugged in then I start balloon you
don't know what I'm what if I'm like
I've ever mock your memories whatever
I'm like crazy bro and that do crit I
really don't I just know I'm mostly
doing emails but on the note of my vlog
you can win two tickets to fly to LA and
be in one of my blogs I'm behind the
scenes on one of my blogs and see how my
blogs are made listen up this is for
Canadian residents only here you go
Canada the link is in the description to
register it's sponsored by my friends
over at Canon Canada is a contest going
on so check out the description and find
out how you can be right here Muslim and
we could be making a blog i show you how
i below the Maji not lunch with my
friend anymore i've left right here
though that's her shooters running
relation to ting for the voice right now
and I can't go so party Universal
because I have glam stirring at five
it's a little situation so we're gonna
FaceTime and have lunch together because
that's what you do tap friends so can
you talk to them to a screen like I'm
doing to you right now oh there's a knot
in my neck this bad habit
right in my neck right there okay
straightened out her this is the vibe
I'm heading to the Stella McCartney
fashion show Stella McCartney is
actually a sign of minds I'm gonna meet
her for the first time today I'm so
excited to see what she's gonna present
but this is like a vibe like yo DS the
shoes is the kicks right here and it's
like yo what's good what's good fam
the right way like the way that
down
that was been freaking tastic so I
prefer so many people has Stella
McCartney's a fan of mine so I was like
really thrilled to meet her and walking
the clapping she's doing an interview
just stops her interview to talk to me
and I was like so over-the-moon she's so
freaking cool
and gorgeous some like actual goals like
the party was so colorful it wasn't even
like a traditional fashion show I just
like people wearing her clothes pizza
boxes had her face on it which is like a
coolest thing ever
Paul McCartney obviously made an
appearance and he performed is always
just so dull Katy Perry was I can't I
don't think I'll never get used to a
situation like this I walk into a party
Italy Katy Perry's that Reggie I was
like you're cool you're a cool person
it's fine you're cynical but I never get
used to things like that after avoid the
urge of being like oh my god I love you
you gotta play it also want to point out
all of the cella stuff is cruelty free
she does not use animals so it's extra
yeah the time is 2:00 a.m. what have I
been doing I can't tell you
cuz I'm full of secrets I'll tell you
tomorrow secret secret secrets I know
what are you you'll find out soon enough
for now let's see how we did today
so I talked with Lily things we learned
today some McCartney is BOM as a police
accuses my soulmate
I like toothpicks I'm gonna wash my face
maybe what all happened today secret
talk tomorrow stay happy stay hydrated
stay grateful I'll talk to y'all soon if
you like it subscribe hey do you like
those guys I can't wait I can't wait
till you see tomorrow's vlog I can't
wait any choice make sure you subscribe
oh my god that was a person for a second
guys god dammit frickin hanger i
straight-up dovish you subscribe smiles
luck yeah it's gonna be late
