welcome to Singapore
literally just landed there is ended my
last bug for in Singapore cows here
everything's great
I'm so excited it's so hot I can't wait
for how hard it's gonna be to attend to
my bottom is so excited about to go to
immigration right now we'll grab our
bags never got a few interviews today
there's also video day according to
Singaporean time not according to LA
time some ahead of the game by 15 hours
also got a right to chapters day and
prep for my performance it's a girl
thing we did on Saturday that's right I
know daters I put to him over to go
through immigration and I'm gonna make
it happen
stand-up or one of my favorite places on
the planet I love many places on the
planet but this is definitely one my
favorite I like I like a lot
so I love Singapore right here look at
these nothing tell them not to be too
loud okay I'll see y'all soon thank you
so walk on I'm look I'm looking I see
the visa just chilling here she probably
Krispy Kreme doughnut is so wonderful
thank you I was telling Kyle on the
plane I was like I can't be shagging
okay honestly people it's really hot I'm
sweating right now so I take the sweater
off and get naked exciting because
you're so pretty yeah girl stop I mean
keep going with that need to be a great
few days in Singapore so I got the plane
I was like I've been lost in sweet tea
and Louisa I just hooked up with the
Krispy Kremes standing right outside
there anyways but like she took that I'm
so these because he comes everything me
so happy I mean literally a static about
Kyle tell them how I said I was like I
cannot stretch it for candy
no I'm like can I wait this make me so
happy while all the best yeah
which one you're gonna go for which one
do you think well I have my guess okay
go away okay I want you to show the
camera I bet you're gonna be wrong I
want this one you thought yeah I want
that one second I want the original
first when he nothing sort of my fella I
love Singapore ready I also told Kylie
he has to have durian oh yes that's
gonna happen is it happen has happened
Oh Singapore you were even more
beautiful than I remember I love it here
so much this is my home the next few
days I even check out the place okay so
sometimes I can't even take my life
seriously and I laugh because like that
ha ha ha
so I'm chew my gum so obnoxiously hella
hella main bathroom uh bathroom mirror
makeup room what no no makeup room
I thought makeup room was like to do my
makeup but that means like to fix the
room such an idiot okay I think I got it
okay yes it's the bad thing very nice
mmm so much book writing is gonna happen
in this room I can already feel it okay
sometimes I can't even take my life
seriously and I just like laugh because
I think I'm like I just think it's
ridiculous all right just my name is
ridiculous but I don't know I just can't
take myself seriously sometimes so I
have a bodyguard in his name is Zack and
he's great
and then he Oh going into my hotel room
he's like man one second allow me to
check the room and he comes in and he
doesn't let me really inspects the whole
room with like a flashlight to make sure
like everything is secure he's like all
right go ahead and I was like all right
I can't take it I can't take myself
seriously all know who that everything I
have it's ridiculous um but come on come
on Singapore you were stunning darling
I'm so excited to be here so in about an
hour I have a few interviews and then
I'm free for the rest of the day so it's
video day and I'm going to some book
writing and I got to prep my performance
like I said before it's a girl thing
we're stopping on Saturday and I'm sorry
this is repetitive because I just
finished one vlog and I'm starting one
vlog and I don't most are wearing a bra
and I think people are seeing my nipples
so I should dress all of these things
also my new friend
named you Timothy today's office is not
too shabby at all
number this cows jumping I really want
to jump in so hot but have to do a
little bit of work before I can reward
myself so I'm gonna take my laptop I do
I keep telling what I have to do I keep
it for you for myself book writing
performance video and now on my break
might jump in that pool so every time
we're in water there's always a question
of are we gonna be stupid enough to grab
our phone and vlogging camera to go in
the water when we know they're not
waterproof my answer is always yes so
we're in this pool right now and it is
so trippy looking over the edge I ready
for this let me show you going super
slow-mo because I'm in the water okay
right now you're right here right in
front right up to the edge so I think
this is like I don't know exactly
there's even like tallest largest after
water pull up infinity pool in the world
or something a lot of this land
is that crazy I'm just sitting here on
the edge like it ain't a thing already
enough to wrap it up off my hair so I'm
so annoying like that we'd have to get
rid of my hair I also look like a 9 year
old boy look with my twins right now
it's a pg-13 name well I'm just saying
question everything I've never been
shirtless in the vlog really no good
either bye
alright my friends now it's time to do
work because I didn't do any work by the
pool I just went in the pool why because
I couldn't see my laptop screen because
the Singaporeans Sun which I guess is
ass I'm son that's everywhere else was
really really intense but now it's work
time the time is a 6 o'clock so the
night is still young
mat time to do work the dinner for today
got cancelled so um that's what's going
on this muscles starting to hurt again
snap something cool is happening and we
don't know what but everything's lit up
and I think Disney movies are being
projected on some massive thing the mo
of the water check it out how beautiful
with all this it's like what is this is
like a casual day this looks so
beautiful holy look at the bugs screen
to the blood screen looks phenomenal oh
yeah it does and something's being
projected right there we don't know what
it is almost already finished the
outline of my performance finished a
chapter it is 9:30 where we got massages
because both of our bodies are broke up
after the flight I'm gonna come back
it's more chapters and video making
alright alright so we're going to place
called nature land
when this complex was this confident
called Robertson Olaf is like that loose
Asajj is good let's go
I definitely just got physically abused
he hurts so much and I kept saying like
what's on the camera yeah he hurt so
much and I kept saying lighter lighter
not so hard and if you go lighter for
like five seconds and bicyclers she told
me all over again you don't shine
English very well so nothing I said made
a difference Oh God
every ting broken right now okay broken
right now
go back to the hotel so hot that my
camera is fogging up oh my god
the jet lag coming strong right now I'm
gonna leave sitting here calculating
like the hours like okay 15 hours could
I possibly do my video tomorrow morning
cuz it's still this time in LA it's
11:30 right now I'm sorry but I should
make see it's the next thing is they
always I literally forget every single
time soon as the Sun Goes Down a hotel
hotels have horrible light as you can
see I need to buy a travel sized ring
light like I this is why I need to shoot
my video during the day when I stay in a
hotel but I always read night so now I'm
thinking like if I have a gap tomorrow 2
p.m. is long my video comes out by
tomorrow 6 p.m. like it'll be nighttime
in LA still you know so I could make it
work somehow because right at 11:00 p.m.
Thursday but it's only 8:30 a.m.
Thursday so like you know you know my
video gets post like 3 a.m. la time I'm
not mad at that
I feel like that's you know like I need
to sleep and then I don't know I'm just
just so tough the videos happened
tomorrow it'll still be really really
late like a late release like but it's
gonna happen tomorrow because I'm gonna
fall and die and I'm so tired I'm wrong
to toilet and I can you make it cuz so
far but I'm here look oh here we go here
we go done Tukwila yay thank you for
damn thanks so much for joining you in
to do the dip legs go right now thanks
so much for joining me on today I
appreciate you making the time to watch
my vlog as per usual and make up doing
anything else and watching anyone elses
laws because the public works sizing
than mine but you still chose to watch
my night the lights are flicking right
now right that's happening yeah that's
what's happening um yeah I'll get a
great day and I love Singapore and I'm
so happy to be here and tomorrow we got
a bunch of media and
have it probably ate something 7:30
something for a radio interview both are
good and then we go and do some more
work and then we gonna prep and do the
thing and do it I have so much stuff to
do I need a clone give me a cut that's
not what I'm going alone
Coop's if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe I'm a raccoon like it
I go out in public like this with my
mascara completely smudged
my friends sent me some donuts
I don't know if you know what my homies
Dom Alex and Lauren they have an app
called donut dazzle and they blatantly
promote it by sending me Donuts nose
like you are correct that is the way to
my heart that is exactly how you're
doing
