hey smile is totally fake right now
good morning good afternoon this is like
1:30 I will go particular hour to my
makeup I am headed to a meeting first
call got canceled after that I'm going
to go do some other stuff then we gotta
pack for Singapore we gotta do some book
writing my book deadline to get extended
by a little bit but I'm gonna pretend
like I don't know that and still work as
if the deadline is very very close um my
strands mouth I just had a very
stressful morning and a lot of very
annoying emails and lungs for sure
everybody want me to write a book nobody
want to give your dad write a book
that's good because my friends sent me
some donuts
I don't know if you know what my homies
Dom Alex and Lauren they have an app
called donut dazzle and they blatantly
promote it by sending me donuts knows
like you are correct that is the way to
my heart that is exactly how you're
doing so if you wanna go check out the
app is completely free game it's really
like you're up with a link in the
description it's free they're my friends
they're wonderful people you should
download the app you should support them
because because that's just because they
sent me Donuts on a bad morning that's
why you should support oh I'm gonna eat
some breakfast and then I'll see you in
a bad oh no food mmm had a great meeting
ran late to it because the studio so
confusing to get to I get lost every
time they came to Tom's house you're
shot a video first channel I'm having a
little bit of a stressful day not gonna
live but I'm with my friends and answers
okay look at all I'm going to people
you're going
the what giggling blonde you try to
convince me to go blonde do it his only
reasoning was I did it at the good
reason streak of blue or something at
the bottom yeah you DIY for me oh yeah
I'm Miss Lauren so much right here
really I know we have a group tax on
liquor so things like they'll boys and
just like so and every situation where
this like so many annoying boys I'm was
like I wish learn is there a good toe
what are we get it I can be like come
again I want to Singapore tonight I will
leave again tonight uh-huh mommy Bobby's
gonna cut out stand of you I know I
wanna like keep it going space really
key there it's also that they'll chill
about me I'm mad FOMO but I mean how fun
gonna be if I'm not there right that's
true you know my husband subscribe to me
but this daughter that hurts
what yeah yeah
describe leave a message to Lily hey
don't listen with a speaker message make
sure it shows download archival yes you
got a stone that - see here guys we had
a really big tour you guys know me every
day right
did you guys know about this what we are
really dating mm-hmm why is that huge
have you go to realize let's go public
you can hear you can take mine and give
us to her video always donkey cow and
she deserves better than that don't
think about him going down to be doesn t
have a furlough for two seconds
oh my gosh I missed this camera this is
that fisheye dough we're about to get
into Lily's car for a nice Ted's love
this is my second time getting it
wonderful is was that for the next one
oh yeah
oh here it is
I mean I'm in danger car yeah you wait
are you named this yeah yeah
what Shekhar's decorous wait no that's a
hey Chuck gun shotgun we called it what
fullest
yeah how much would be in front look at
that right there okay humble you got you
at middle Lee's been a stressful day
roasted no you sit lower exposed about a
9:30 p.m.
we're very different people but I think
it was twice I think to 17 well we're
going to eat because I need to talk with
them and de-stress from a stressful day
oh you know what happened I poked myself
in the eye with a little scratch and my
sunglasses and mess it up even more but
we can show you this because I want to
feel sorry for me I want to quit a life
no I don't that's not like me but I
don't want to go home impact that's for
sure am i sighs it do you see that
it's pirate rosenhan devil gets farm
it makes chocolate sauce so basically I
got a chili road you got a visual
like I don't like the milk chocolate I
don't want a lot I don't want a pack
sorry no this has been kind of negative
vlogger vanilla but stress today I woke
up and just I said wait you know it's
the opposite of what happened in Kenya
in Kenya had such a refreshing time
because I woke up and nothing was on my
phone and I was you know just me and
nature and then he I woke up saying
there's just so many messages and emails
and they're all just so so much so much
and so kind of impacted the rest of my
day and I've been a little bit like kind
of not the greatest mood so Paul just
thought this vlog isn't the most
positive but I'm just being myself my
offended self but I got a pack I'm
really tired but I got a pack and this
one you want to come help me pink hmm I
didn't know what I got a pack I gotta go
for my schedule right now and see what
do I pack II probably close right
underwear maybe
oh my god it must be a full moon because
something magical happened I'm done
packing and this is my room and this is
my closet hold on are you there's no
clothes anywhere I just packed - I need
to pack a knife okay
I put everything else away I'm scared
who-who am you guys are all that out of
negative comments under my videos thing
I've changed you're right
actually I've changed I've changed
probably to the airport woman charlie
and get my last dose of my positivity
candolyn I love this candle and you know
what I'm well aware it's probably just a
placebo effect for those of you at home
one second for those you who don't know
placebo effect a psychological term for
something that makes you feel mentally
like it has an impact but physically it
actually doesn't so for example like
you're doing a study and you had ten
people and there's 10 pills and one of
them was an actual drug that made people
fall asleep but all the other nines were
just fake ones when you gave the people
the fake drug if they
we're told that Cannes is gonna make you
sleepy even though it's fake they would
start feeling sleepy
that's called a placebo effect and
that's a placebo Co so I understand some
problems we'll see we'll probably eyes
no well because no real effect but I
mean just makes me feel nice smells nice
it's warm just advice candle from time
to time talk to myself I'm not gonna lie
the last couple days have been I've been
happy but I've been struggling a lot
with focus um there's so many things
going on I guess with the book being due
and all my upcoming travels and like I
do really truly travel a lot and I'm not
complaining because business a blessed
thing but it does take a toll motion we
physically mentally a little bit yeah
but it's all good things it's nothing
major it's just you know it is if need
be really really honest I'm honest when
I say negative comments don't usually
get to me I just like when my videos
trend mean my friends groups like DOM
and Suzy and uses and Alex and Lauren
every time one of our videos is trending
with all they would congratulate oh sure
mm so textbook and I don't even have to
check if my videos trending cuz I know
right away my video has an overwhelming
amount of hate
I know it's trending I just des this I
just know and it's so tough because like
I'm so used to negative comments so when
it's a whole swarm of them all this and
it just by fluctuating like yeah used to
something where you're trying to get
hate it's just at the end of the day
everyone's human and I'm very happy and
very positive in life I think all the
past couple days I've led a lot of
distraction into my energy and so I'm
trying to calm that up right now anyways
this me rambling right now but I am very
excited to go to Singapore it's where my
favorite places on the planet and I'm so
excited I have some of the best fans in
the world in Singapore and it's a big
your trip we're gonna spread some girl
love we're gonna learn we're going to
grow and we're going to make sure energy
is a hunted because more than anything
else being on fleek gotta make sure
energy is on fleek and that's what's up
you
lounge waiting for this flight ad who's
here eating every meal thank you so much
appreciate it yeah we need some food
everyone's late and the whole travel
time is 20 hours has two plates or
stopovers in Hong Kong I feel like
you're being mean to me to hit me about
the airport some people were rude
tomatoes like maybe still and focusing
on negativity and some negative energy
is coming to me so now I make an effort
to focus on positive things like going
to sing for work Kyle someone I adore
this good food first have to pee with
all these in full and full force these
are all the things so here I am having a
very bad day and I met this lovely lady
her name is Yan she came up to me said
she's man and she likes the vlog so now
she's in the vlog Channel yeah she's
very cute and smiley just turned my
entire day around and made me very happy
thank you you want take a picture yes
okay you wanted to say anything else
favorite videos it just says all of them
all of them yeah yeah
which would you like better Manjeet the
bottom Jake I mean both of them yeah no
I called a I'm loving your lovely I'm
gonna church I'm getting talk tomorrow
you turn to some more yes oh my god
happy birthday what I'm so glad I get to
spend this moment with you he's amazing
happy birthday everyone calm a little
happy birthday sometimes you see
something you're like I have to impulse
buy this this is one of those moments
Amy Schumer he's gonna help me in my
book right I'm gonna buy this
hi it's me again were you expecting
someone else no actually because this is
my vlog Channel and I make vlogs we're
headed there
about this 20-hour journey how great now
it's bigger than my home awesomesauce
2ck this sweater is so soft is not the
not even brand deal is so touch it in
tal them feels like the inside right
it's friggin amazing I'm so excited go
to Singapore I'm going for the event
called it's a girl thing I know rider
told you eight people keep asking me
like I guess a few people are i
shouldn't start this conversation right
now cuz me so long but I'll tell you
briefly I know I get some common
sometimes that are like stop posting
about girl love or like why do you keep
doing different things I make it a point
to make sure I do to calm radios a week
still and I don't want to change that I
know that's why people are subscribed to
me what I have to do is the creative
explore other things and I think over
the past couple years I've just learned
that the me to work as hard as I do and
for me to be obsessed with my career as
I am I really need something that is a
fiery passion that ignites a fiery
passion within me and if I'm gonna work
so hard on stuff and gets me
opportunities like I just can't live
with myself if I don't have a cause I
really believe in and for me that is
girl love like I genuinely
believe in it so much it means a lot to
me I really want to make a difference
when it comes to
issues women face and so when I keep
posting about relevant stuff I just hope
it all comes from a place of real
sincere genuine passion and it's never
gonna replace my comedy videos I'm still
into comedy and so we do all that but
just know that that's why I'm so good on
girl love is because I can't live with
myself knowing I have so much influence
and I'm not doing something I believe in
for me girl love is that it is
everything else I do but I just want to
quickly I shall talk books more later
but I want to quickly just say that
people wonder why I post about grown-up
stuff so much and if it annoys you in
any way
for me it's like that thing that warms
my heart that I'm like you know I want
to fight this battle so that's all we're
heading to I don't know when it's
logging the upload because I've no one
to Wi-Fi situation is going to be
available but uh we're headed to Hong
Kong and then Singapore Hong Kong the
city meeting a blueberry muffin which I
thought was chocolate chip muffin that's
for the contributing to my trust issues
but here in Hong Kong mad toward
nostalgia Hong Kong will stop
Singapore's stop and remember this
airport I remembered is where I found my
Jeremy Scott gold shoes my love Hong
Kong I'm but about a second flight which
is four hours four hours
Singapore I'm finally gonna get there
Kyle is terrified about a hot it's gonna
because I told how Singapore is probably
the hottest tour stop we had Kyle is not
happy you know I'm a static now go cat I
love you lied and all those the right
words to say but we're in Singapore we
made it the journey was not that bad
record yeah Pacific Charles to you
sheriff's you Cathay Pacific good
airline you know fix my face a little
bit but here I'm gonna end the vlog
because it's actually today's footage
and we're in Singapore where it's a girl
thing expressive girl love you she
follow my socials and spread girl of
socials to find out what's all happening
hi
that's Peter onto it if you liked it
subscribe if you like it thumbs if your
like subscribe we'll start the next vlog
in a few seconds back the lights are
flashing like a photo booth will be
fireproof my youth my youth is yours
what false
