Brazil it's time to leave you
good morning the time is 10 something
we're supposed to go by 9 but we didn't
listen to that because such an early
time I'm packing my stuff and the chaos
of fact nerds just like okay I don't
want to take the stuff to Kenya because
my suitcase too heavy something like
giving all the stuff back to Humble back
to nada Jade tell they trying to figure
out why don't even take Kenya I have no
idea I've never even been anywhere close
to Kenya and I know we're going into a
very small village and so I just don't
even know which back so I'm just really
really guessing rocking alive feelingly
travels right now last night I was like
I wanted to cry because I love traveling
do it wrong when it kind of missed my
bed it was my shower this is like mad
first of all problems I'm gonna totally
regret saying this once I like have a
reality check in Kenya but this shower
here goes from freezing cold to
scorching hot with no warning so I kept
getting burned in the shower and the bed
is always damn and then I just said you
really want to sleep in my bed and use
my toilet to poo but it's okay cuz
Kenya's gonna be life-changing and
amazing but yesterday I had a moment
where I was like my body hurts I'm tired
I can't do this but we're gonna do it
we're gonna do it it is video day I
don't know how I'm making a video I want
to make a video because I'm taking a
one-week hiatus after today once I get
to Kenya cuz I won't have electricity so
when China is to make a video don't know
it's happening because we're gonna kick
you out of hotel rooms and I won't know
what it record this but I'm gonna try
our best and then later on this evening
we're heading to Kenya which is like a
16 hour journey but I'm excited I'm
blessed and I feel grateful and right
now I'm just sleepy but once I wake up
properly I'm gonna be on but
you were so great what something for
free tomorrow's Dorian alright do it
here's situation we're not his room
we're getting kicked out right now I
don't have a video I have a video idea I
didn't shot a video I took a nap because
I had a migraine my head was hurting I'm
so tired but now I want to sit by the
pool with my laptop for an hour right a
video find a place in the hotel to shoot
the video somehow someway I don't know
if I'll get them to barricade a door or
something then i'ma shoot the video and
when getting picked about 5:45 before
5:45 I will release a video well done
it's done because in Kenya I'm not gonna
be able to and it's not suppose we do
not release Thursday Monday Thursday no
I will release the video today I'll
announce my announcement it'll be very
difficult I won't do it hello I will do
these are the best we found this Cabana
for me to shoot in and they're treating
it like it's their video so much effort
and care I'm humble the poet and from
nada
show me what friendship means right now
just helping me out to the tea and I
expect that I respect that you small you
loyal
go buy yourself a house when you run out
of money come back with Dom just getting
out of that okay let's do this video
it's gonna be mighty important do the
back and do Instagram pictures because
that is the sec I've done a types of
friends part three and you guys been
requesting a parents reacting scrimp
which is part two for a long time I'm
trying to the videos you've liked so
much a part two and three to them to
show you that I suppose I appreciate you
supporting all my new endeavors but I
will continue to also give you the old
old stuff you really like because I love
you and care about you and not as an MVP
straight up what's up straight up MVP
helping me so much isn't she great yeah
fantastically wonderful feedback form
team super certified unifor right here
making it happen helping me above and
beyond job description yeah even though
she's twenty percent less regular even
though she's bite-sized and half the
size part one video hello
c-d-c really fixated on Stoke Park this
Minji gotta do what you gotta do am
using my laptop to do my cheese makeup
without having me my head hurt so much
but it's okay we're almost done almost
done a parent with two three thirty I
have two hours to do this
done shooting but to edit the way my
head is hurting right now I cannot
describe I need to like shower and tiger
balm I've read at this it's 4:15 we're
gonna pick my 545 and edit in like 45
minutes and then hopefully takes it out
upload what he's doing alright so we
just finished no I don't have the Wi-Fi
got that to sit here because this is the
only all that worked we got to leave in
like 20 minutes and I don't know if it's
efficient on time so it's an ahead to do
Wi-Fi gods please I work so hard
household sword oh my god please live I
just make this upload to act distress
humbles pick up time was wrong and now
he's so close to slide measly big right
now right now bye see you in a week in
LA take care of the place turn on the AC
show the polar bears I'll be in Kenya
sweating Mazzara cuz the stars in Kenya
now you know Navy Bay oh my
I just realized something look at my
flights I've three flights to get ready
to go so I'm going from here at 9:00 a
one-hour flight from Rio de Janeiro to
Sao Paulo and then from there 3:15 a.m.
ever how long is this flight
wait Walla
okay have a 14-hour flight
Sao Paulo to Doha and from Doha going to
Nairobi at 2:35 a.m. two ATMs I'm not
for the next next 30 hours I'm traveling
and then that's a five minute wow wow
wow wow wow wow wow wow well I'm taking
three flights like 30 hours so I'm gonna
tell them to like two days
y-yeah no what is it boss is ready my
bus is ready so you guys come down this
is not even close to done right the bus
is here and it's talking away and it's
not even close to being done I did not
work this hard this way you're not to be
outplayed oh my god
I don't know what to do alright so Jin
how it happened I had to leave the hotel
and I had to stop upload but now I'm on
the bus for an hour and I'm hot spotting
off my phone and it says 15 minutes so
I'm just gonna deal with the hefty hefty
billets and come with this we just kind
of get this video before I can decide
what a stressful F in situation they
also lost humbles bag at the hotel so
she was late as well just mattress
mattress that's right
video on my main channel my parents
recommends Ram pictures please give a
thumbs up I would tell in back glitchet
dear for like sorry go
and you see if you're checking his day I
think he's in there
okay okay I'll figure it out thank you
just stress God - okay just finished and
now my phone's on 10% and very few
people in the airport speak English and
no one knows I'm talking about like
English Streisand first we're gonna
figure it out I think this is the right
place machines not working for me and
check-in everything's fine everything's
fine
snack time what I just got 30-minute
massage a stall at the airport it was so
damn good I deserved that ish though I'm
gonna get something to eat real quick
and then I'm gonna go forward my
thirty-some our journey to Nairobi to
Kenya so my flights a little delayed but
that doesn't matter because I have like
a five hour stop ruining that I saw the
comments from yesterday's vlog and so
many feel like we hate 360 bugs it's not
everyone's cup of tea I thought it'd be
cool you know because I'm in your place
but I'm not always into 360 vlogs so
don't worry I'm stalling to do that like
certain occasions another thing I want
to teach you is a lot of you were like I
don't wanna have to get up and like move
around use your finger to swipe to look
around and 360 bloggers also feel like
lying down or something you don't have
to physically have
yeah for those you that enjoyed them I'm
glad those they don't like them door
you'll have a normal vlogs like this so
generally once no my limit goes through
61 oh because I want to be creative and
stuff
and even though I'm not going to post
vlogs in Kenya cuz their Wi-Fi situation
still the record stuff and they were all
coming back I'll post stuff so just
looking to see what I did to a lot of
really cool girl of stuff with a lot of
really great women in Kenya so I'm
excited about it he knows what's up
mmm all right one flight down 28 more
hours to go I never to leave this vlogs
and be like to two days because 28 more
hours to go
in weather that way oh yeah I slept one
hour to the next slide 14 hours when
trying to sleep / work you know I say
all the time but 14 hours for a long
time so I think I should do some work
also after P someone's Airport I think
how you pronounce just saw Paulo I don't
know if I'm saying that right but it's
like legit deserted I'm in some terminal
where there's no one else
and I'm like hello I'm heavy only went
here am I going to fly the plane
hello okay thank you BAE finally on this
flight I can't even comprehend my cello
situation for this the most of ever
travelled because it's 14 hours on this
flight and three hours stop over and a
five hour flight after this
so after this 14 hour flight still a
power with me worth it it is me great
it's me amazing system so that's a real
Hong done for morning lady to go over
going away from it's been 13 and a half
hours we're about to land
we made it we're not there yet we're in
Doha right now I've actually never bring
you this Airport is sick it's like so
fancy it's very dubious the closest
place I've been is Dubai it's sick
this is sick so technologically advanced
as a sporty Airport a little bit this is
like one of the sickest Airport the
river into the giant teddy bear I'd have
a gate yet so what it finds I'm going to
sit eat something and for the next three
hours my stopover I'm gonna work the
dope yo these dope cars like look at
this I don't you can sense how grand
this Airport is still are a sense of
booth
okay here we talk about how good that
pasta and mashed potatoes was because it
was the best like past I've ever had my
life it's been two and a half three
hours since I last blogged and I'm
headed on my last flight to Nairobi it
is nine and a half I'm not sorry I don't
have five and a half hours and that will
complete my thirty hours of travel stuff
I don't know what to do I'm not tired I
shouldn't be working on this flight but
technically it's the middle of the night
in Nairobi and if I want to adjust the
time zone I should sleep I've stopped
all the flights which I'm not
complaining about because in general I'm
sleep-deprived so I could sleep forever
but maybe I should sleep so when I land
I'm not dying I don't know we'll figure
it out I'll figure it out
home stretch home stretch six hours left
Oh Kenya and my sister Lindsey just
released brave enough some book to turn
on my phone
deal with those roaming charges download
that album and listen to it on repeat
for six hours all the way to Kenya
because the love is real you haven't
done that already
you need to Raven up Lindsey sterling
just say just
it's a little bit chilly I did not
foresee that we are here welcome to
Kenya and even tell y'all adult people
that are also coming on this trip Kyle
obviously is meeting me here
Michelle's gonna be here che Winnie
Harlow bridgit mendler Becca Dudley and
we doped with people but now that we're
officially here and the vlog and I will
see you in one week I love you so much
and I'll miss you but it's gonna be
awesome but I can't we just talk about
the stuff we're doing if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it
you
