hello I'm a waste youth I woke up at
2:30 p.m.
good afternoon in my defense right we
went to bed so late because we're
watching stranger things and I couldn't
fall asleep I'm convinced I like
actually fall asleep like 7:00 or past
7:00 oh by 2:30 but humble walk-up is
already been cleaning for juvenescence
druid nation you know killing the game I
got some rejuvenation do as well wash my
hair clean my washroom
we got a vacuum you got a mop where do
this table isn't disgusting right into
the disgusting table right there
sounds of cracks I condemn I said every
day but we need to do a lot of tractors
today and no no TV watching will happen
to only chapter writing will happen that
is Oh Val Adam um and also stranger
things like affected my dreams I had
like weird dreams
yeah like weird Jews but like
kidnappings and like all this type is
that it was anyways we're awake now
enter into real world and now we're
gonna make our dreams a reality well
wear a wig
you see what I did turned into
motivation I took thinking I was like
let's making would not get us clean oh
man longus rejuvenation sunday every
place was so dirty but we got a looking
clean we got a looking clean every
looking clean wound mopped Windex big
into the garbage toilets sinks counters
dusting air ting egged egged on right
now to par super troopers who won
chapter down veggie grill ordered fill
them myself
leggo
are you done I'm progressing it
why are you resonating how are you
procrastinating because I thought the
housing it been 200 it done I honestly I
feel that I feel that I'm also very
hungry should I get you a Clif Bar when
I win the appetite I feel that's why I'm
not getting Clif Bar awesome I also know
some groundbreaking content for all of
you to be involved in there's certain
things we do to procrastinate right now
I'm freeing up memory in my inbox I also
have to do that it's not like a glitch
in Gmail because I feel it keeps
prompting me no and I keep clearing it
that's what you do right there
what so what you do is take larger and
then because of the massive 24 so in the
search thing on Gmail you can type in
larger 25 Meg's no zone just M so larger
when your call is larger than this and
say anything private any other way you
can do this yeah and then I get rid of
all your big emails and then once you're
done with that just dis although I'm at
98% what I'm going to do now is I'm
going to delete my trash permanently
where is it
so we're going to delete forever
hopefully I don't delete anything and
let's see what happens not my inbox this
whole conversation is going to be very
excited this is because my inbox is also
going every two seconds being like
couvreux koopa like what do you mean
I've never had this problem before yes
now it should be good see oh my god you
fixed it I got reason procrastination
this is important work I have three
percent of all my memories I got like
I'm not 95 now 98 you're genius
well don't you know genius you should do
some work
listen now I have room we came something
important comes you know imma have a
great democracy going on the apartment
like we knew that food was being
delivered so we did rock paper scissors
side and death he would ask the door
that way there's no like her feelings I
won would but I would really borrow a
lot my positivity my positive energy
candle lit but start by stacking chapter
my belly's full and feeling good I did a
Q&A on Twitter while I was eating
you know I was like you've had a spare
time I'm doing things I might as well
reply to people yes no well I just feel
like I'm about his spare time why not
can I quit all of you that makes no
sense to me I went to really great
conversations online I did this thing
where I responded to like just tweets I
saw doesn't matter if they were like
considered positive or negative I just
responded if people said something mean
to me I was like oh well I disagree and
people said something nice I said all
thanks for being here it was really
great because I feel like it was a very
mature intelligence series of
conversations I had on Twitter no so
refreshing to see so like I'm feeling
good and refreshed and I hope you're
feeling good and if you're not feeling
good let's fix that right now positive
energy candle here we go take it all in
take it all in you have much to be
grateful for and you know what and you
know what and you know what hold on too
much pressure you started the sentence
my nose music and you know what you're
really not good at this to you a second
and you know what you should believe in
yourself because look how far you've
gotten in life remember all those times
you think you thought that you couldn't
get far and you couldn't do things you
couldn't finish that project and you
couldn't get through the drama you can
do this and then what happened you did
see you know what have a great day
what was that hey pom BM p.m. King I'm
spending my second chapter I'm gonna
start working on my third and after my
third I'm gonna take a stranger things
break or Walking Dead break probably
stranger things so samples here and
humble has seen Walking Dead and then
I'm gonna try to a fourth chapter so
things are going good things being great
I'm not taking the break now I'm taking
after my third chapter because we
learned yesterday that sometimes the
break can become extended when people go
missing you stranger things so we gonna
face a third chapter and okay I don't
know if this isn't like a good or bad
thing to you but I'm very close to being
halfway done my book which is like
stressful because it's due in a few days
but I'm looking at the positives because
I constantly thrive with pressure and
last month that's just how I function so
the fact I solve several days I'm half
wood and that excites me halfway done my
book I'm excited about that
you know that's exciting to me and I'm
not gonna lie like maybe I'm just
justifying this to myself but I really
do believe this that because I've put
all the book writing just such a small
amount of time I'm like in the zone
constantly and because I've been writing
every day I just be like it's getting
better exponentially whereas if I spread
it out over a longer period of time I
would have like lost my flow in between
and like how to get back to I and cetera
that that's what I'm talking myself at
least you let's see
humble that is true so that makes a
factual I feel like in almost every clip
I've ever done you're fixing her I think
it's your things your thing you do
I think your fixing is your thing like
how my thing is ending like with a weird
face brain day just finished my third
chapter is 1147 I'm gonna watch an
episode of stranger things and then try
to write one more chapter um but if I
don't it's okay but I should because I
look really late and I think I can stay
up a little bit later too I also need to
wash my hair pretty gross
I need for a face mask on later on today
because my skin is a little bit
struggling these are the things I need
to happen on rejuvenation son did it
ever no lego stranger take you honestly
they don't find these missing people I
will be stressed I'm very happy to
introduce you to the newest item in the
lily pad is something that means a lot
to me are you ready are you ready are
you ready bye oh it's a family picture
day me Jorah my brother latina
g-good oh my god I got Jota that's good
to hear and my beautiful mommy it's a
frame picture ID in arms I have a screws
bed and put it up here but right now
it's on my windowsill and I love it I
feel like it just added so much light
enjoy is the
one missing thing the lilypad was a
family picture and I have it now and I
friggin love it it makes me so happy
maybe I should leave here because like
technically on my way to work work is
upstairs like I can be like hey Sam's
way to work and then after working come
on be like hey man how was your day I
really like it how beautiful is my mom
we just come on like stunning I'm just
saying you know what I appreciate about
humbles a nice friendship is that we
both have common understandings about
things like I know we're about to watch
stranger things but I know he's working
on music right now so I'm not going to
call him and then set up all the ish and
waste his music making time instead I've
already made the popcorn I've started
Netflix it's ready to go everything's in
place and now I am going to go call him
to watch the show so you can get maximum
music making time you know why because
he would do the same for me that common
understanding and productivity is what I
appreciate what's up what's up
everyone's ready whatever you ready just
finish stranger things the way it ended
was not okay it wasn't it it was narrow
I am weak I am weak isn't like eight
episodes in the season anyways I
finished it I would just like to openly
and just just openly say that I am
obsessed with Millie Braun the girl the
12 year old girl obsessed obsessed and
then I wonder Twitter and her Twitter
banner says fight like a girl and I
became further obsessed with her I love
her I need to meet her it is my goal to
do so before the year I am obsessed
such a frigging good actress and so damn
talented holy crap kudos to you man
take any you can't even I can't okay
okay okay so stranger things has a 360
video where you get to go into the
environment and experience some stranger
things
the monsters like that so I'm gonna use
my cardboard I gave it to you for giving
form and even got this but it was just
screaming should go ahead full save me
oh my god oh my god okay I'm scared
ha ha
the letters are there dude dude as cool
nice goal dude yo J huh
stay right humble doing it it's magic
it's trippy it's trippy
you pay reckon ting Oh awesome
that's intense that was pretty dope I
know right the torture maker that's why
- don't touch me because you're so like
absorbed in it yeah should we do more
stop rings in the card where no use
Garbo before it's amazing you're really
good you really feel like it's income
that's a damn eventful I'll help clean
my washing as I love it I keep think for
this damn face mask on
oh man Matt hasn't dead I'm gonna go to
bed tomorrow is super Monday and there's
also Labor Day so I won't get a
bazillion emails everyone will be
working except for me and many other
people I'm sure they're working but I'm
going to go to bed - super Monday video
tomorrow and do my book went well thank
you joining in today hope you had a
wonderful day thank you for taking the
time to watch my vlog as always I
appreciate it and tomorrow we're going
again wow if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe subscribe good
breaks
good bye
it is several hours later
