welcome to my first ever e360 valve I
live in a flat stone Oh
- Rio Brazil you don't believe me turn
around
look this way look this way look up look
down say hi - nada hi nada
look out the window we are heading to
where we headed nada I'm the prey stuff
the Christo is where we're heading and
your seat is right next to me and 360 we
go experience all ish hopefully if I can
figure out how to edit it
stand by future if you see this that's
because I'm a genius
just letting it down okay using this
little thing right here through the damn
thing look turn around
behind you is where we're going up there
up there's that huge mountain that's
where we're going alright then let go I
also like to point out the beginning
this trip I said I wasn't gonna wake up
early for anything yeah I look about
7:15 it is very early right now but it's
okay because we're about to see some
dope stuff and I'm so glad I could share
it with you so for those who they still
haven't grasped the concept you're on
your phone you can move your phone
around probably computer you can use the
arrows to look around
yeah we're in Rio Brazil for standing a
lollipop all right this is where we're
meeting don't get lost I'm not the turn
but behind you that's what we're meeting
we can't get lost okay alright welcome
to Brazil it's very cool and we're gonna
go very high right I believe getting on
this was called strong Calvados cocoapod
Oh
Rando Coco vato so we're heading on the
strain I think I would have a walk up
there thank you
listen here
train goin on a Tuesday and is in fact
Tuesday bus being accurate and adding to
my students not judging people across
the trade okay
but hopefully they can see you and not I
have failed they can hear me
why would you forget you go look at him
look at me look at me look back at me
don't look at humble look at me
comment below poor you looking at right
now humble arrived
all right we're here we just caught some
sick views from outside of us I'm in the
Train but I didn't show them to you
because I can't show this camera fast
enough and I failed him also I know my
hand looks weird I'm gonna stop
addressing the fact that's 360 now
because ruining the illusion of the
magic or we're heading up to see this in
give us a history that Sanada so in
nineteen you told me that you waiting
for a hug right such reason 30 for a hug
in a next one time a guy climbs oh my
god and climbed to fingertips snap right
let me show you this view I'm stepping
on this dang that's really dope take a
look around what I look down oh we're
not that high right now military high
god that's really beautiful it's very
beautiful your home your homeland is
very beautiful daughter he's a zealot of
egoism he's wonderful the daddy's arm
above your sassy - you might have to
dodge him of a burro son don't City I
like it I like a
Pok tablets and tears I want a breath
look at that hey I'm going to hug you
let's go Sachi how's the view all those
fresh rice Brussels we got noodles candy
and chocolate everything else others
view this is amazing
Oh turn around what a dad joke what
digital what the 360 what you mean but I
mean 360 original okay understands your
authority see why not reason why 360 are
all you understand the getting 360 - but
the buddy along with you huh 360 why you
gotta be 4d huh why I can't smell you
stupid stupid baby all right we made it
oh wow that's very large very very large
Wow whoa that's really cool that's like
a painting that he's look real that's
like the sugar I think that's a sugar
love that's amazing
this is one of those things where I
don't even think a pitcher cannot read
well there's nothing in the middle nada
which thing no tall buildings I love
that I'm experiencing this with me
mad photoshoots of one humans lying on
the floor because that's the only way
you can take a picture this note all
humbled opens here try to match the
statute by is going to show you over
here how beautiful that looks
I can't even understand some blessed
life right here some blessed life just
met a fan by the name is you need it she
gave me this Palestinian is beautiful
yeah I'm gonna borrow and they're
teaching us about all the horrible
issues they're facing in Palestine so I
want to send some love in regard to
thank you so much this gift so beautiful
I love like love everybody in Gaza and
the West Bank
mm-hmm mm-hmm especially when you're a
situation like this new guys I blessed
you are to be seeing this stuff I think
about it I just feel like I can't even
take this in right now this feeling I
got to do in right now bonus points if
you can turn around and see that lizard
right there it's kind of flashing with
the rock can you see the lizard can you
see the lizard you see the lizard
comment below
not this lizard not this one her name
isn't it honestly I'm gonna put those
three over there
it just ran this rock is full of them
who just can't flush see oh wow there's
so many over there you see the moon
water yeah I saw one but this is like
five six over there
the moves
oh yeah look around at the city right a
helicopter get a lizard you got a statue
you got people taking selfies yeah so
beautiful see right here who's what's up
you got real which seems to be one of
the producer
I love it this well would be very long
but I think you've really worth it very
very high cycle this is the fish and
sugar love
she gotta focus the really Canadore
because I'd be Probie Ponca City
commands you to do is I'll be law
somebody gonna muster that's your
favorite word I love it oh thank you to
come here get this view in here I love
it
very cool surf is almost the same tunics
so beautiful I hope lots of beautiful to
you as it does to me right now
there it goes so far looks at what is
painting like watercolor paintings
what fades out it does look real to
music like a framed picture so cool
thanks for bringing us nada
you're the best
you ever think your problems are so big
come back to this video in this moment
with optical how large this is right
also I learned in Italy if you take your
thumb this has been approved by the
chief of NASA she told me herself you
take your thumb right now to get done
look at my thumb flap right to the sky
right now I'm covering two thousand
planets we live on one think about that
take Google it up for a second that's a
really good fun thing I know it's dumb
and now
a creative freestyle is it bug on you
that was
look dela kinda cool you think okay
drinking schools here I hate you but
when in Brazil Brazilian
I'm gonna finish this hole here I don't
have up there's no beer but not ever
yep right if you not rush I gang going
on to women's game whose it was on her
suit
Sweden mad hi
their suspicions
I want to see some national pride right
here
Matt Brasilia
yeah
I'm not I've never seen I love it I love
it I love it what if I can't
so much
a people race day right now
that attention Australian student
information Neverland okay
so they got to do separate labs
the first evidence all strategy strategy
that we don't understand any one of
those like motorized bikes I don't know
I'm from Malaysia questionable taste
so close
yeah
president
- laughs right now
ah
hey I learned I get tired walking up
stairs and people do 100 laps on a body
so crazy such a crazy day all of this
one runs out and I hope you feel like
you're there with me because I said I
want it to feel like we're heading back
to the hotel now hopefully to eat some
food I had a proper meal in a minute
I mean um but I keep failing people
vodka people be polka you balkon right
people gosh before cup and chips for
many meals so I need a proper meal or
headed back 90 check some emails because
there's a lot of you Mo's of my mouth
right now hey yo so we're back in the
hotel 360 vlogging is so hard because
have to make sure like the entire area
it's okay to vlog usually I'm like
hiding stuff over there I like my
panties are over there
breaking my garbage is over there my six
boyfriend's I'm hiding from you over
there not y'all can look around and see
everything ah just kidding I don't think
my friends anyways I'm gonna go take a
shower now and then I'm gonna go beast
mode on some work not as working over
here humbles working over here we might
have another early morning sword and try
to sleep early but I'm a dick shower ID
you want to come with me nah you don't
get to see that in 360 cuz usually I
would even do that sometimes I wear
pants I can't change everything I can't
do is everyday it's a hard work over
here
hard work over here alright then rain
when the light stop flashing like a
photo booth Whoopi by approve my youth
my youth is yours alright the timer's
what time is it
it is probably a.m. now you can see the
full scope of our messy room in 360 I'm
going to attempt to edit this now and I
don't know if it's gonna be difficult or
easy I really have no idea what to
expect but I can't end until the talk
cuz humbles in the shower so I'm going
to pretend nada is a toilet right now
over your laptop I'd be grateful I'm
minutes on your lap easy laptop so walk
oh okay
toilet talk with Lily casual normal
everything is normal toilet yeah yeah
nobody had these today I am I am good at
luck here thank you for joining us on a
very eventful day in Brazil my people
cut is all right people people da thank
you so much tomorrow we're going to a
soccer game about a ball game we're
gonna go see some touristy stuff and
it's gonna be dope and I'm excited for
it I love you so much
nice a good night
you know boys were night if you liked it
subscribe if you liked it subscribe
a lot of speaks Portuguese it sounds
like Dothraki say anything can you say
we just got the popcorn I think about
the map ibaka okay listen if you don't
believe me we don't believe me sane
where's drew cars CAD a logic artists
she's Polly see oh my god feeler produce
the Game of Thrones
yes
