who invented this ungodly hour
7:30 a.m. oh and take a shower
everything burns everything burns
everything burns we're going to the
White House
Hey Oh Oh what is that it's my finger
it's so cold in this room I slept with
my heating water bottle like in my shirt
all night won't take a steaming hot
shower and I'm a slick cook myself in
the shower
what Oh what am i doing on and then
we're just heading to the White House
right now what oh it's no big girls
casual means always be like this
well I did check the vibes I put all of
it together by myself to me hours and
hours and Kyle helped me and gave me
some quality control he's like no red
heels black heels and who's that girl
guide together Billy and then I had some
idea I need to put on my balls lipstick
I'm good to go come on so nervous I keep
telling myself you know she's just
another human it's fun that's not so
good I'm enjoy it take it in we present
all some sort ruin my mother open I'm so
obnoxious just two just two peeps you
know and turn the White House writer so
we're at Pebble Beach call Pebble Beach
trip yeah this way to do all the media
stuff so like the White House is
literally that's that's when I was right
I'm so creative like that's that's the
white one right so I would but uh yeah
this is really really dope and I can't
wait to take some pictures and then
everything is photoshopped I was like no
it's not me so this is the press room so
I had no glad for this pacing we don't
worry the press room was a do media and
all cool stuff and President Obama
stands there and says important things
is pretty cool you know I'm not a laughs
that'd be much larger yeah I thought
it'd be much larger
it's a small little intimate space I dig
it
this is so cool I get to seize pedaling
roller coaster seats though I feel like
I'm you know the cuz I'm very labra like
theater is very cool I dig it
presidential coffee
everyone here knows you so well because
I'm looking at the podium over here and
I'm like I kinda wanna go behind her
pony oh but if you Kyle and I didn't say
any bigger ones like me because I'm just
get terrified so I'm gonna tackle me at
all points all today so if you ever see
this happened that's because I got first
Canadian president I get it so Howard
University and these students don't know
that Michelle Obama's about to surprise
now and we came and her motorcade will
talk more about that but she's gonna
surprise him right now I feel like I
know how the in town
we'll look fantastic I really appreciate
this so I want to bring out who's
joining our guests today and what we did
is we took all the names with every
power freshmen and randomly through one
all right
so we're chilling over waiting for first
lady to wrap up so we can begin shooting
with her but I'm here with two amazing
people Priscilla and tres
y'all just chillin Howard University and
we're gonna play a thumbs up games
together and you guys are nervous you
guys like natural Jesus yeah just
natural naturally happy boy you're gonna
kill him or excited are you excited I'm
so excited again what did you think
today was gonna be like when you woke up
not not like when I saw the first Lydia
stop breathing I think I forgot to speak
English for a second yourself really I
thought really well you want to breathe
yeah it was an area bio major right you
know the importance of getting important
Oh y'all amazing um it's gonna be
something lotta no big deal I just saw
shout first lady in eight states what
huh won't shut up everybody shut up what
wait hold on this guy never you know
that she's so nice so nice and so lovely
yeah genuine she's like my present oh
good and she was like genuinely so like
impacted by the work I do so good doing
great stuff scholarship what the smells
like I found out I'm so friendly she's
just like good timing on my girl my
color she was like I just thought we
sang Beyonce 1.2 it was the whole thing
it was I'm just I can you know what is
my life couldn't expect me to not dance
around to the song right now please my
bass guitar me here we go Hey
I didn't expect within try to be as long
but where does he keep going with it
here we go
when you say you're gonna take a small
nap just a small nap
I'm gonna fall asleep makeups not gonna
get effed up what is your hunk with me
my head has been hurting for like two
days two days I'm just gonna leave us
like this two days
it's these muscles right here are so
tense and I keep putting like tiger balm
on it and like keep stretching out
nothing's helping it and it's making my
head hurt my neck and shoulders and
these muscles whatever these muscles are
biology people let me know Anatomy
people comment below and they hurt so
much a super Thursday I suppose to make
a video I had time to make a video I
went to bed because my head was hurting
so much and I was getting a migraine and
now I have like an hour and a half
before I leave the airport I landed
12:30 and I mean God make a video when I
land at 12:30 but doesn't matter you
know why because today was a great day
and today we met FLOTUS and it was
magical and I'm gonna go fix this now
just in case FLOTUS watches oh I fixed
myself a little bit literally took a
makeup wipe and did this so now there's
just like a line that's discolored on my
face my head hurt so much but I just
took some painkillers and I'm hoping it
goes away
tht the massage tomorrow massage massage
massage massage massage Wow
today oh wow you know someone sent me a
picture um someone tagged me one of you
ugly look can't even speak I'm so
overwhelmed wasn't rid of that one of
you lovely sent me a picture and it was
so I don't know where y'all find these
things let me show it to you his years
ago of me taking a picture behind the
gate and then me being at the White
House don't know if you can see that but
like today was really cool I'm honored
and privileged to have experienced
something that not many people get to do
and it was
very the first lady is so awesome she is
so cool and she made me feel so welcome
and she's so chill and so down to earth
and we're talking about amazing things
you know we're talking about education I
was telling her all my beliefs about
education for women around the world and
she was telling me about the trip she
had I was talking about my recent Kenya
trip even had a little brief moment
where like people are taking a picture
with us and they were lined up so
perfectly and I was like mm fellas let's
get in formation and then she started
singing Beyonce then we started saying
Beyonce together it was like I think it
was a thing I was like you are so cool I
am so inspired by her she's so wonderful
so I'm just over the moon that I got to
meet her and experience that and with
Kyle someone so deserving as well so it
was very cool thanks team super for
making it possible for me to do these
amazing things that girl of video will
come out and I like maybe two weeks from
now we can have from now something like
that but right now I'm going to pack up
on myself
I've already started I'm gonna head back
to the airport for our journey back to
LA whoo and kind dreading it because I'm
sure for my neck shoulders and whatever
these are sitting on planes not gonna
help but we're gonna figure it out the
family seconds it takes for a makeup to
get completely all over my new beads I'm
gonna assume 29 seconds before my
eyebrows my mascara my eyeliner and my
foundation are all up on this white ting
way all stinkin very personal items
underneath just in front of you be sure
to both they're fastened tray tables are
in the upright
right now I slept the whole flight I'm
such a waste you know video it's 1:00
a.m. I slept the whole flight like an
idiot I don't know what it is about
planes these days I'm not able to stay
up on it usually I'm like so good at it
they putting drugs in the air or
something that's the only explanation as
the only explanation imma eat and then
get a video done let's do it let's do it
we gonna power through power through all
right since to 11 of course I spent some
time talking to humble and chase but now
I'm working on my video we're getting to
work my makeup is smudged everywhere I
walk to the whole airport like this Hey
it's 3:30 I just finished reading the
video and now would fix my makeup and
record it took me longer to write the
video than I anticipated but I like it
it's called why I'm not in a
relationship it's very on brand and true
to me um yeah gonna fix my makeup make
it happen my apartment is chilly or
maybe I'm just sleepy hey you know
padang cold that's why I have this
blanket on and I'm procrastinating
that's why I'm telling you is let's do
it so much to record this video I fix my
makeup a little bit okay I don't know if
you travel a lot comment below let me
know if you can relate to this my makeup
gets so effed on flights like I don't
know what it is like the air pressure
something makes it all so clumpy so my
eyeliner so not even because it was like
I was doing this side was a clump and
just like the consistency of it gets
effed up on plane I've just noticed
every time I do my makeup after I land
somewhere my makeup is not cooperate
with me the powder is all like weird and
the liquids all clumpy isn't me I might
just bad at makeup maybe maybe let me
know come below I'm record this now may
okay tis 509 a.m. and the video is
processing there six minutes left my
Wi-Fi I got new Wi-Fi it's like super
fast so um now it's processing and I'm
release it pray for Salinas trending I
haven't spoken about I just any trend
relate to Selena in the past little bit
has been so upsetting to me I just wish
I could hug her she's such a good person
and I'd hope sending all the positive
energy her way all the positive energy
away and I know she's gonna be fine
because
people like her just exude a certain
confidence and light and I'm confident
that would help that's gonna help her
get through what she's going through but
yeah
everybody owes almost up and that's was
crackling kind of hungry again
mmm bounnam Nutella Spooner Intel that's
not like a bad idea
toilet talk whenever there's what a
minute left on the video I'm going to
end the vlog here wash my face while
that minute is happening and we lose the
video and then go to bed
thank you for joining me today what an
amazing day I forgot that today was even
the day we went to though it was such a
long day we went to the White House
today we met um the first lady and she
was amazing and saying she so happy with
all the work I'm doing in like to be
recognized of all people in the world by
the first lady like that's really
friggin cool but I could go on and on
forever and I won't because I'm sure
this vlog is already quite long um oh oh
it's such a high right now
but thank you for joining man today hope
you had a splendid day tomorrow we work
work work work work out to do one's self
tape tomorrow and the rest today is book
writing and that's what's going on um so
we'll continue the howl tomorrow oh if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe you know this is the guy that
brought together Calle West and Taylor
Swift for you this is the guy this is
Canas boy right here look your nose down
what are you your nose okay look at
Carney's twitter this guy right here
yeah right here leaves me for two days
he's like you are we just friendly
already just random so Kanye wasn't even
need to come back your apartment
