did you defend bass
I'm so sorry hotel about stealing this
both strawberries and sharing this both
from the hotel room I promise I'll bring
her back
this is a breakfast got a bowl of
strawberries had a quest a quest son
quit Westen we're heading to dress right
now got sandy here got caja we up in
this tank dune tank and we're heading to
dance packs from 1 to 3 and then we go
to the venue pack some are on stage
never take a shower then got the red
carpet you'll get a show and guess
what's going on whoo-hoo-hoo let go
yeah okay yeah honey and water all day
every day from this moment on um
finished practicing pain in my neck I
like tiger balm that you're specifically
hurting um II appreciate that we're
heading to the venue night is raining
and YouTube FanFest we to being a rain
like right now it's still on but we'll
let you know about op dates this better
not cancel this cannot cancel this will
not cancel you hear me when I say this
darling my eyebrows so close enough that
did your music
alright so the reading stopping got bare
sunshine and now we went back to raining
so for all of you that are gonna be
standing at that red carpet getting
soaked I'm gonna be right next to
getting soaked when I come out as well
is my trailer Matic shower I say my legs
Oh fruit me like it big shower
um and then we're gonna get this thing
going I'm a little bit stressed because
a lot of things we specified about the
stage yesterday were not done but it's
okay what's the key what's the key roll
with the punches right now is down bro
Breda nobody cry we got bland studios
Mouse yes but did you forget the makeups
did super gonna get did right now I
should have closed the only freezing
cold water the shower I should go
freezing I just basically was on the
Titanic it went down that's what
happened that's just happen right now
this the vibes the back of the jacket
Toronto 88 you ready no sqg production
um we're here waiting exact same overall
so meeting good judge me judge me now
he's Canada's biggest YouTube sensation
feel that through a girl
let's ooze together get up your girl
where in the world is superwoman today
Oh
red carpet here at YouTube FanFest thank
you so much for screaming and seeing
your favorite artist my name is Dan roto
and I hope you guys enjoyed fan fest
this is a new situation the weather is
so bad there's like severe thunderstorm
so we're casting the trailer because
it's like a lightning hazard so we have
to go inside we have these Poncho's to
protect us
it's crazy outside oh my god Mike went
out in the trailer - he's a pokeball
turn into little Poncho's so cute
alright let's go oh jeez jeez why it's
too much time and effort my voice I
think every type before my voice appears
like I've even got vocal warm-ups and
everything my boys told on I don't
understand it was the time all right we
bless Lauren Lauren Toyota and laurdiy
for liking to share the room we're about
to watch humble perform the parentals
are here everyone's here um hundreds of
voice no voice with water and have fun
I'm not even for me I'm talking to
myself to say I'm saying to myself but
let's go tumble humble humble
well screaming no no screaming
Oh
to be stuff away
from your home
comprising go
we are
yeah
don't drink
Oh
oh sorry
you want to change
you
to go
what you do
ah
oh my god
myself
I'm sweaty go great in my opinion my mic
pack fell over in the performance out of
about of my bra cuz I'm so sweaty which
means I couldn't hear in my ear my voice
of the music sauce pretty much guessing
when to say face with no beats but
everyone said they liked it um I'm sorry
if it was off anywhere there who knows
awful couldn't hear myself
oh my rapping before I've never had my
mic back follow so lesson learned but we
tried our best we did it everyone's a
little one grade so yeah lies lies not
killed it is rapping say no homo stole I
according to Twitter everyone liked the
performance so maybe was just in my head
that it went bad and cause it beat me a
plucky bass comments all the lovely
things know what you guys have to say
that you guys just ever gotten Liz um I
can get real can get real with me you're
real okay hmm
I really can't do anything bad
there was there's maybe too much of the
booty to booty pop booty poppin in the
first like okay there's a lot and I was
like okay like is that your go-to yeah
it's a go-to yeah see yeah birthing good
that's good
in the first unemployment yeah voices
specifically like I got on him sexy guy
that guy oh so did everyone I was just
avoiding see it was horrible no was not
there we go there we go
okay alright so I'm back in my hotel
room
when was the after-party I might not
take this long camera out of a pocket
and I just want to chill out a little
bit
ah that's one of the forms I would be
lying if I said I wasn't bummed out
about it I everyone saying it was really
good but I'm my own biggest critic
critic and I just will never forget the
feeling of looking down and seeing my my
plaque on the floor and being like
frege's never happened to be performs
was first so so great the silver lining
it's the learning experience it was in
my bra and it wasn't clipped to my bra
so like I guess to jumping he slipped
out and floated it on before my mic pack
is basically something that connects to
my ear and I think I put my ear allows
me to hear my voice and the music
because when the audience is so loud you
can't hear that stuff so when it fell
out I was like free that's why I took
that year peace out because I'm like now
I need both ears chart here and I was
like dangling there and it was just so
on no idea because voice is not some use
to performing it's my first times I
really needed to hear the beat and so
when I took it out I couldn't really
hear the beam I was like okay let me
just guess like let me try to hear it
and like because I can't hear my voice I
start screaming because I'm like I'm not
being loud enough and that's how my
voice got like this and then so I'm
looking at the videos people are posting
my voice is so broken and nothing so
it's kind of breaking my heart I hope I
spelled it all you proud I hope you
still enjoyed it less and learn for next
time to somehow secure the mic back but
Toronto you show so much love and the
audience was so licked and I feel so
blessed and grateful and we're not gonna
be upset about this
learned and everyone seems to be saying
it was really good so I'm gonna take
your word for even though I don't know
if you guys would ever tell me if it
wasn't good I hope you would um but yeah
I'm gonna say after-party maybe I'll
take the vlog I've decided maybe someone
will be nice enough to put it in their
pocket we'll see but thank you so much
honestly I kept telling my side look you
brat if I kept telling myself like Lily
enjoy enjoy enjoy it when things like
that happened I was like thinking how to
problems also I couldn't enjoy it as
much I did there were certain points
where I looked out and I was like Gilles
is dope but the feeling when everyone
was waving their hands like so when
people in Toronto that's magic to me and
truly thank you so much and I hope
voices was inspiring live that's all I
wanted and I hope I could do that and
hopefully I can perform voices again and
I have my mic pack bottle but I love you
all so much
mmm let's go to octopi we just entered
Lily's personal Oh Myra I'm sick I'll
chill in Charlotte I've never been to
it's called chill because the place that
she's frozen inside look at the glasses
are frozen everything is ice inside so
they give you winter jackets and gloves
to wear in the boys why am I here why am
I here Do You Know Who I am
I hate this why am I here I hate just so
much the one time is hot in Toronto you
guys taking foreplay fell chill chill
house why why this is why I'm
teleporting who did this I hate this
take me home right oh my gosh
whoever created this horrible person oh
my god ice everywhere
okay it's really cool
it's minus 4
why who did this who I'm living my oh my
god it's so cold oh my god I hate this
so much
I hate oh my god
it's really cold I hate this so much for
your hands buy it
apparently there's a room with no ice
we're going there
thank God when a warm room now
yeah I gotta get toilet talk well Ellie
everybody else mad week outside mad week
hope you all enjoyed my performance I'm
sorry if it wasn't good
I'm a little bit incoherent but not as
much as these week we were outside I'm
gonna head back to Markham actually
where I live I'm a little hotel it's
like three four year or something go
back home because tomorrow I need to
pack so quickly and go to Brazil I don't
know what I'm packing and that is going
on but I love you so much these are my
from actual experience smashing books if
you like and subscribe if you like it
subscribe we enter chorus we
to the bag what what all my you paying
it John slow who's it going to be who's
it going to be Oh Lilly's want to know
who this is
