what's going on family thing cause we
hustle harder productivity lives here
not only five to be live here but
positive in lives here let me tell you
why I I'm just so proud of myself can I
tell you why is because all the past
little bears you know I've been like
struggling with a lot of things a lot of
spiritual things this morning woke up
really feeling genuinely at peace with
my life and myself like yo I've taken
care of myself the last few days I've
allowed myself to be human and I feel
like I'm in such a good place and I want
to thank all of you because you sent me
so many supportive tweets and messages
and I watched others blown off by saying
that's what you got to do you got to
love yourself and care for yourself and
do what you need to do every morning
when you wake up what do I need to
create a peaceful day a peaceful space
for myself in my mind and then do those
things
no uses holy night amazing day ahead of
us here's the mission we should go to my
Inbox I'll clear off some merch stuff
what's that right who created figure out
the rest of my 12 collabs release
schedule and tonight I'm going to Justin
screening also listen to this song a
million times of obsessed obsessed I'm
obsessed with Jaden Smith iCarly I'm
obsessed obsessed real quick oh that
didn't work and use your first volume
ever watch this is my second blog
channel and I could let you know right
now when we merge comes out I am going
to announce it first on the places where
old G's is at which is the losing fan
account on Twitter which is this vlog
channel which is where you the people
who support me the most I've always been
then it's gonna go on my main channel
and there's limited edition today it's
limited quantities you want to get out
why did you do it subscribe to the vlog
channel if you want 10 come back if you
are first dibs on so much first my
emails are all like there and now
they're done your new points also
figured on my cloud release schedule the
schedule give me the points for the
schedule now I'm gonna dive into some
crazy I'm gonna Zone in and focus so
hard and likely not
recognize anything happening around you
so you want to attack me now is the time
I will not realize rob me rob me
everyone
yep let the destruction commence for our
shoot tomorrow where we will destroy my
home and make it or what do we meant
meet you tomorrow
genius give me the points while I was
writing my script I was doing some
research and I saw this doll picture
around like oh my god is the coolest
damn there everything pickup idea I want
to do this I want to see if I can make
my hair Christmas tree I am committed to
this but happening right now
I have never been more committed to
anything in my entire life we can do
this we can do this we can do it I so
what we do is we took Lena's and their
braids it into my four braids okay that
looks like a spider right hey
decoration decoration oh my god I am so
damn cool right now
that's a Christmas carols pom pom pom
pom pom my drum drum
so freakin cool oh I'm ready to go to
Justin's event so where we're heading
right now is Justin Baldoni as you saw
in yesterday's vlog has this out and you
shall come at home and up we're going to
the private screening right now family
and friends my date you know feel
confident walking in with me I did yes
okay you know because I thought balls -
oh my gosh so many balls on main and off
right now but I love no my gut shanky I
really go like this don't know yeah
jingle bell jingle bell Jingle Bell Rock
what do you think what do you mean
scared
terrifying it's beautiful it's a heart
the tree that comes to life and Harry
Potter I quickly threw this outfit
together this survives that's the
support Justin man enough I'm gonna vlog
on the bed annoying there's the man of
the hour I'm talking about him he's
having conversation see like every
compose but he's the man of the hour not
only is he had somebody's incredibly
smart and incredibly compassionate and
I'm making him very uncomfortable that's
okay because he's starting a great
conversation and he's just so awesome
when you were real white and you a real
friend and you know know how to make
your girl happy that's right you wear
the movies upstairs girl that's right
that's right you've never seen something
horrible is happening
I feel the pre sickness which I cannot
afford tomorrow I have one of my biggest
collabs and have to collapse tomorrow
back to back such a busy that I cannot
beat that option does not exist to be
sick so my body's gonna be in check that
who could get in my belly
I'm gonna take some shot this cannot
happen no it's canceled I'm so mad girl
Jenna Dewan Tatum dropped a dance video
I need not have to react to it it's real
short it's a minute in 15 seconds but I
just loved her so much and she
collaborated with me and this gave me so
much overtime was so so sweet and so I
want to react to it right now because I
know she's not sick dancers let's do it
okay production value already off the
hook yeah same same when you can smile
sing oh yes she's so cute right here
comes here comes here comes here comes
yes oh you so freakin fuck yes go in the
field do it in the field girl come on
she's so friggin hot and cute this is
good okay I love that so fun
Oh
if you haven't checked her channel yet
the link is in the description go show
her some love because she was so kind to
me not many people just let a few people
have collaborated with including the
person who clap will be released today
know you are real one when you offer to
also because how I shoot it is like we
do all their parts first and that my
price list so everyone from awesome was
like no I can stay for your parts too
it's kind of like don't worry but I know
you're super busy Jana was one of those
people and the peas today was all those
people there's a louse make pink ha I
totally went out with a boy who in the
who ways while stay tuned and check out
my main channel - Lilly Singh what is
this thing woman where is this light
coming from gonna be let no no no Donny
I cannot be sick shut the F up you shut
your dirty mouth I'm sorry I apologize
everything is happening no I'm fine I'm
gonna actually legit take some brandy
shots because I know how this be when I
feel a little tingling my throat we
gonna kill everything inside right now
I'll go to bed we are such a packed day
tomorrow I don't know humming a vlogger
cuz we're doing clever I chipped my
camera god dammit
Hey damn it okay fine when by Benet
tomorrow I'm gonna go to bed because yo
I can't even I can't even I can't even
express to you okay let's see how we do
today
good I spent a Murch email it was late I
don't you're saying that we listen you
know I have a better strategy strategies
when you get money for Christmas now
you'll know where to spend that bunny
I'm trying ok I but yo it's looking
really really good I'm not gonna lie you
guys I was like yo it's brittle it I'm
just gonna wear my works when it comes
up nothing else all day every day and I
hope you don't be saying I had to bet
that you were dreamin today today every
build my dream of becoming a Christmas
tree 9 so happy you love it tell
tomorrow if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe I tell y'all straight
up wild merch is delayed right I'll tell
you I'll be real with you I just I can't
have stuff I don't like it's as simple
as that same with my videos like I'm
designs I'm so particular with them the
who I work with them so particular with
it I refused to sign off on something
unless I genuinely like and think it's
fire so I'm sorry but also not so
