I've come back from the dead
good morning I had a rough mother-effing
night so what happened was I went to bed
as you know so tired I went to bed and I
woke up a like 1 a.m. or 2 a.m. and my
stomach was killing I got my period
yesterday before I went to bed and my
cramps were just killing me now for all
of you out there all the girls and all
the boys would get their periods came
too late
I get really bad cramps like sometime
just ok what every once in awhile it
will be the death of you so I woke up
but 3 hours I was tossing and turning in
bed I got up I was like stretching I was
walking around my apartment I got a hot
water ball the whole thing long story
short I didn't go to bed until like 5
and so I woke up today like 1 p.m. but a
guy came over to my house it's not what
you think any fix to open two things
about such as dope so I don't know if
you know this maybe you've never
complained about it but my faucet sprays
everywhere and he finally fixed it and
now it's like beautiful cuz my parents
came to my apartment stay here so one
thing they complained about like move
your faucet spray everywhere so that got
fixed but stomach is still really
hurting it's like 3 p.m. now I'm taking
a little bit easy I haven't gotten that
much work done but it's an underlying
pain I'm dealing with right now so I'm
gonna take a little bit easy but get
some work done this is the water bottle
I used Rick's wife Joe gave it to me
when I moved little Canadian water
bottle and it's even my life yesterday
stupid ovaries I had this new thing
where I don't wear a bra anymore I don't
care
post nicked was working so we're not
working it wasn't cooperating so we're
hanging to get some trollese pasta
because the belly is craving I'll type
of carbohydrates right now
would you know the production and a half
over here it's a production and app so
okay the building does have a long
ladder so they're to build this
ginormous rollercoaster to fix this
curtain and it's very amusing to me
because it's so terrifying it's like
moving and literally swing it's swaying
this is like a serious endeavor right
now that's happening there's a roller
coaster in my apartment and that's not a
bad idea but it's not a bad idea I'm
kind of debating to really the new thing
on the list
must be local yeah please yeah yeah yeah
you're right like what the photo shoots
you can do on this though no doubt you
really don't like dancing I don't know
about leaving this structure okay you
don't have to get the kids in are you
gonna give us at this hey for the record
howdy-doody one no no no no here's what
happened right so great so inch gauge
was the first time she brought me this
plan she said Lily you cannot kill this
fly because it doesn't need anything and
then she let me tell straight and then
chase is like oh you should gamma does
need water like no it's fine it's like
is this rocks and it does a thing so
cheese like we're just driving pours the
water in it get and then you lifts the
pond all the water comes out of the pot
why why we good it's not meant to be
watered and the pot it's in is not
accommodate watering okay it doesn't
look at all this stupidity a terrific
defeat a little idea you know watch her
and the music of this by the way I know
you're thinking why are we talking weird
I just would touch oh yeah mint dot
water pressure yeah that's a regular PI
as a whole is for drainage okay you
should shut your face inches talk in
this accent that we don't know which
acts just accidentally put a lot in
order to so we just don't like that
stupid stupid man
sisty also we just ordered for cupcakes
so I had all the cars remote have
cupcakes we have a lot of one period
must excuse I'm using I'm not talking
crap about you or Emma no yeah this is
still going on by the way
this is not a brand deal de banques
those kind of weird smells like humans
like smell the banks like humans likes
like adventurous sweaty humans it seems
like you like it thank you son
yeah man zip it's like damn yeah they're
damn words never paper yeah it's where
anyways that's beside the point
we have decided that we have no shame or
I have at least and we've gotten some
cupcakes I finally got to work and I am
doing some book writing oh no sorry job
I've written bullet points for one
chapter of the book book ha ha
accept this humble that the greatest
thing I ever learned from school was to
plan your work you know they make you do
like a bullet point and outline like I
make outlines for everything every video
I recorded made outline every chapter I
make an outline I just loved outlines
and so that's the one thing I just went
from school the one and everything else
is just everything else Freud
are you ready right yeah you ready are
you ready okay this is not cooperating
with me Jace fix it
Jace I'm supposed to be a pretty moment
of all there's tape on that side too oh
thank you
what they're all smudged I know they're
all smudged
I've been like but it's like site to
have these cupcakes and I'm feeling
quite bad that I've been slacking off
all day which one I'm not mad at myself
and I'm just worked really hard right
now
everything this is really hard right now
so being mad at myself going to use my
energy and put towards chapters
ironically enough this chapter is about
setting deadlines I'm not
procrastinating on the norm not
procrastinating I think I should not
write another sentence and tell you
cupcakes yes that's true
oh he's 917 I just finishing up one
chapter my stomach is just not having it
today it's starting to hurt again I can
pop two more painkillers I feel like I'm
three months pregnant like that's what
it feels like I'm so bloated and hurts
so much I just so I brought a post today
I actually wrote a few days ago about
traveling and like most things on the
internet there's a few people that were
offended by it I'm not gonna get into it
too much because it's been six years I'm
very used to the internet but something
that did make me think was basically the
post was about the importance of
traveling because helps to be more
open-minded person and I believe that
wisdom as a passport full of stamps and
there were a few comments that were like
well you're not very humble because
everyone can afford to travel until
themself I'm not going to justify
whether Mahama or not that's that's no
other conversations about but I do want
to encourage everyone to when you see
something I mean everyone's entitled to
their own opinion and I will always
respect that opinion I'm never gonna
reply and be like you're absolutely
wrong and you're stupid and I'm never
gonna do that but I will say that I do
feel like people have a lot of defense
mechanism myself included I'm guilty of
this as well that were so quick as
humans to have defense mechanisms when
we hear or read something
apply to us or perks us in some way we
don't always give that chance like
actually think about what the person is
saying and I think a way to a solution
for that is when you see something
instead of having a defense mechanism
take whatever positivity you can from
that situation you know what I mean
like if you were to read a post and you
think oh no I can't travel but you know
yeah that's a that's a good concept
though that I should step out of my
comfort zone and that's a good idea
instead of being like well this is for
one humble you know what I mean
not that I'm swear it's not because I'm
upset or offended it's just something
that occurred to me that the Internet
has made people very very prompt with
their defense mechanisms just always
right out of the gate but it's cool it's
fine everyone's different and it's cool
and it's fine and it's wonderful
my stomach hurts my uterus is not
cooperating I don't know what to do
also the note of traveling I just
confirmed and I'm very grateful that
tomorrow I am going to Washington to do
some stuff I can't tell you that stuff
as yet but you'll find it but it's gonna
be very cool and I'm very excited about
it which means that I have a lot of work
to do and now I have to pack as well and
we all know how great I am at packing oh
well the apartment is quite messy um
humbug also flying back from New York
he's gonna be here in a few hours so
that's exciting
oh I'm trying to just vlog and walk
around and be like what my stomach
doesn't hurt me talking about yeah no
this is just how I stand normally and
and I don't want to make a whole lot
complaining but you're my friends that's
fine um oh my stomach hurting my uterus
shed all right
okay so I don't know if I've just been
like living under a rock but this is DJ
called DJ dodge that discovered and I'm
like listen to his music online and it's
so good the remixes are so good like my
booty can't not work like it can't and I
just sitting here to having my tap it
was like my booty is just like and it's
just I just need to I just need to show
you what like what this is like
kryptonite for the booty let me just
show you right now
copyright Conda hello no me neither
recently when you read you hear under my
booties like I'm gonna want to do a
booty like you my booty my booty has
faced with us
aras this is the game plan will save
this last cupcake from oh I'm about to
get really in pain I can feel my stomach
getting progressively worse
only we're in one chapter I'm gonna lie
down on the sofa and take a little bit
easy and if I fall asleep I'm gonna let
myself fall asleep on the sofa not even
move to my bed I'm just gonna relax for
a little bit because I know my period
and when it gets bad the pain oh it gets
bad so I'm going to do that that's why I
want to end this vlog here just in case
I do fall asleep I'm sorry I know I'm
not sorry I'm not sorry for how I feel
but this vlog is I'm very much so full
of me complaining about being in pain
but I am I am in a lot of pain but it's
fine because you know what it could have
been way worse I could have been I used
it's probably just gonna be for today
I'm probably better tomorrow and I would
have want to be like this on a plane and
while traveling and stuff like that so
it's all positive and it's all good and
everything's great and you're great and
I'm great and everyone's great and we're
very lucky so that's what's happening
I'm not gonna walk to the toilet I'm
just gonna fall right here but thank you
for joining me on another day I hope you
had a great day and tomorrow we're
heading to Washington so we'll get out
of the apartment a little bit and s is
going I mean I have some little juicy
what this is until tricks up my sleeve
also armpit hair that's why I'm doing
that alright Big O if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe hey
it's Evan almost shoot this video
because had some technical difficulties
are ready to go now I'm ready to shoot
it after so long and I'm like practicing
and practicing cuz I feel like I forgot
who this what always happens when I
don't make videos per like a extended
period of time
but got my setup way to go wearing a
simple t-shirt you know what's so funny
in the shower I was like among its in my
eyeliner today I'm gonna wear something
erotic count and then I got
Who am I kidding throw on a t-shirt do
some mascara call today
