I'm so sorry I left you at home baby
it was going on I did not just wake up
even though I'm in my bed I woke up I
went to an appointment actually went to
go visit Rick's new restaurant which I
feel so stupid when I bring my vlogging
camera too because it's wonderful but in
my mind I was like I'm gonna go as
appointment and come home I'm trying to
have little bits of the day where I
don't have my vlogging camera just like
in like pause and reflect on life and I
went to his new restaurant is so awesome
it's called Rick's good eats it is in
Brampton / Mississauga area I think
qualifies is Brampton though um yeah
it's soso dopers goodies google it there
his food is I had this fries jock thing
it's because Indian version of fries was
so good my my Invisalign shot like a
nerd but I am so tired but in fact about
Lily I very easily not very easily
that's why I get carsick if I read
anything in a car so I won't get carsick
like just because but if I read that
even like a lot of tweets or like look
at my calendar I can't read any emails
like if I read more than two sentences
in a car get carsick and I did on the
way home so now is kind of like that's
how I feel right now but I lashed my
hair then we're heading downtown for I'm
checking into my hotel downtown and it's
so weird like staying in a hotel
downtown I'm here at my parents house
like it's weird but uh FanFest Castle
beginning so I need to pack for that I
need to wash my hair or shinies gonna
give you a braid up tonight at practice
I love things are popping a lot things
going on but first and foremost the time
for a nap rule Billy yo Billy naptime
find out Billy unassumingly fine watch
the next time you ask me for anything
I'm like answer stupid I don't know how
important for the next few days like I
feel leave my house now I'm staying
downtown what what am I even like after
pack for concert pack for media pack for
me angry backless really I can't I can't
I can't I'm going to sleep I can't I
quit life I can't do this okay okay I
can I commit okay okay comment below
sang I can't I can't I can't I'm gonna
come home every night because I can't
figure this out so annoyed I'm so
annoyed feel stressed and multitasking
and then you remember it's Thursday
I don't you do say no way what a video
door but no but I will I will worry
about a video cuz you know me voices in
my head telling me to worry about it
with you Oh Michael I I'm having a super
effing frustrating day right now and I
can't talk myself out how does this like
come on how does this hello huh
just Ilan I haven't this super just
probably not pleasant to watch at all
maybe a super frustrating day right now
nothing is going right away here's my
eyelash curler it literally broke while
my eyelash right and ripped out half of
my eyelashes I just I'm not in a good
place right now
everything is effing up all the
scheduling all the timing for my weekend
people are changing left right and
center not realizing it affects me cuz
I'm a human being I have so many things
to do which I'm not complaining about
coz I said yes to everything so that's
not what I'm complaining about if I say
yes to things I really need things to
just who we're quick threw me a little
bit a little bit running late for
everything thinking all my makeups broke
into our bag and I'm like how are you
broken I take so much carrot all breaks
in my suitcase every single time every
single time going plane my makeup is
broken when I land I don't look at these
things
I'm front team super I'm frustrated I'm
frustrated I'm complaining like a brat
and I know it I'm aware of it I'm
frustrated I need a hug I didn't have
time to finish my makeup and go to this
thing right now I just I don't
understand I probably I'm playing shut
the F up you can say your two awesome
things going to a concert so I know I
know I'm well aware I'm still very
frustrated I just have had a very
frustrating time
got carsick today that was not nice just
okay it's gonna be fine gonna be fine
but charging my phone for the past
thirty minutes was dying oh that didn't
work only outlet in the whole room
doesn't work I'm gonna cry I'm gonna
start crying I believe right now my
phone's gonna die I won't be able to get
the concert because it's nothing stop
watching this vlog stop watching it is
not gonna be happy but I'm sad
person right now please do they're here
with me we're all having the moment
applause I know yes of course
we're all having the most stressful day
we ever together this is the same venue
I'm in perform on that Saturday so it's
the same concert venue nozzle here this
is like my ray of sunshine these people
because I've been having the most
special day of my life but as you saw I
don't know why I'm telling you like you
don't know but most an amphitheater is
when performing Saturday and it's like
an iconic venues where Drake usually
doesn't really open are you right now
cool and big this venue is that weird
format
and then he was on his go back on
certain super common
man
now resides date
all the motors
the even side stage it was so good I
don't I can't Spencer how hot it is is
so hot it's so hot it's like goodbye
turn at India hot on stage is even
harder with all the lights boost
Einstein say for a second I'm dripping
sweat I don't know how they perform for
a guy on top I've no idea
no idea nursing wait
you look at me
let's talk about Queens right now just
guess now we're Queens Queens real on my
sandwich
you're clean first of all clean slate
everything here's laid everything of
course it feels so good I was checking
about the whole time I could draw images
of their booties if I had to that's how
hard that's how hard I stared at them I
could get a good angle go I'd add the
end on outsides day just like you are
coming girl I saw last eye you tore my
girl I'm go you know I was all over
those I'm talking more we're like 21
chose to run again September I'm gonna
try to come to another show you know I'm
gonna do many of course I will not come
remember I saw routine on biscotti this
is what's worse the next time yeah what
am i other babies here no no you can do
everyone ever feel like that we should
have a moment on the block any time I'd
be like I would totally nothing better
moment dance practice
practice now my application so listen
let's talk real quickly when I go home
myself to edit the ytf at videos and
send it to them and my call time
tomorrow 8:00 a.m. and if you feel like
I can't make a video I don't know what
to bring in do about it because my last
two videos have not been comedy free God
comparing to do this right now so let's
do this kill me I'm so tired it's almost
2:00 a.m. I don't wake up my cold as
8:15 I suffer edit these two damn videos
I'm sorry for not making a Thursday
video I know you're gonna comment saying
it's ok get so much I care and it
bothers me and I feel bad I'm sorry
and it suck I never get better at if I
suck I'm sorry but I'm hoping fan fest
performance will be awesome Kyle's here
so he's hoping I think he's gonna
periscope some of it for those who can't
watch it because not being live-streamed
to my knowledge but yeah that's what's
going on I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
thanks for joining me on today I'm gonna
add these videos and then go to see
possibly cry myself to sleep put aside
have decided to be determined pending
decision pending if you like it
subscribe if you like it - I didn't say
it I know it sorry boo-boo toilet talk
with Lily if you like it where the bomb
don't unreal we're amazing unreal we're
amazing no harm as well we're amazing
look at all this just kidding me
what is all that boy what is that anyway
Madras go mad no just me
