true love is when your brother brings
you food in the morning
today is my sister's birthday which
means that we're throwing her a surprise
party I'm headed right now to get her a
gift
I'm buying her new vlogging camera cause
her is like broke up the screen is
cracked and she could never see herself
so I went by her vlogging camera the
memory card and then our theme is
Breakfast at Tiffany's except it's gonna
be like Tina breakfast at Tina's a
Tiffany it said Tiffany and Co Tina & Co
so we have a cake I ordered a cake for
my friend I'll share the cake so we dope
and then we had like some games planned
a photobooth area plan so we're throwing
a surprise party the plan is that she's
gonna come over in a few hours and her
husband's gonna take her out for her
birthday like to a movie or something
and during that gap of two and a half
hours when I step the whole place get
everyone here and do the surprise be
very dull a break from work I mean I
have to do as much work as I can before
the party starts but today I'm committed
and focused a surprise party and desk
and also I'm committed and focus to this
by the way yes obviously my sexy song
voices was highly inspired by Selena
that's why I like with the videos are
very similar wearing the same shirt I
wear the shirt every single day boasting
because my room is stressed and my
clothes are every work is I don't have a
closet with my clothes in - because my
old clothes are in there so my suitcase
and closer just exploded on the floor
and every time I have to get ready it's
a stressful situation but I'm have
heartburn food without spicy or is it
because you are burning my heart hmm I'm
headed to the store to go at Tina's
camera also the sweetest thing just
happened oh my god a half a day what
happened my aunt called me and she's
like I just had to call you specifically
she I just want you to listen what I'm
saying and she's like I can't tell you
how proud I am of you and I watched the
voices and it was amazing and I related
to it so much and you are so inspiring
was it the most genuine conversation
from my end like someone older which is
very nice because a lot of times the old
girl understand what I do and it was
just so sweet and genuine made my day
and I was like oh my god this is so
sweet so I'm really happy it was really
touching I almost cried but it's by the
way it's so damn hot I'm so wet it is so
hot in Toronto that's I'm like why why
do I do this okay look at my camera okay
a manga Pegman meaning bank lovely lady
what's your name again Sara Sara I just
help me buy a bomb get for Tina so I got
her the Sony it's like a mid price
little bit more than I wanted to spend
not want to spend that her kid's gonna
break this camera in two months let's
just be real so it's I got a camera and
then I also got this for her I have one
in LA that's dope like taking pictures
and doing all that stuff and we can use
it to the party and I came here
specifically because I knew at this
store people would know what the hell
they're talking about with cameras and I
believer got don't know a lot about
cameras I know I barely know how to use
my own so
and we even thought of a video idea
together so if you see a video that
comes about warranties inspired by the
situation right here all right now I'm
going to apply gift bag and stuff like
that I shake all fancy and pretty I just
wanted one thing if you ever support
people like I don't mind spending like I
don't wanna mix about money but I don't
mind spending money on gifts for people
especially if it allows them to follow
dreamer create art like I don't mind
buying people camp like people I care
about cameras or microphones or things
like that cuz McGill that's a gift that
means about here I believe in what
you're doing go create art and make
magic I like that that's dope while I'm
here by the way just recording my face
I'm annoying sorry there's only one boss
lipstick laugh so I didn't buy I didn't
buy I was gonna buy it even though I
like ten at home but I was gonna buy it
but there's only one left so I do that
also I was like to the people I work
here like anyone comes in and asked for
suggestions on the stick tell them boss
obviously where's gift bags ha ha you
recall from a previous vlog my dad was
in a magic show and that is the same
bill to get you it's magic straight from
the source ready source yeah ok I hope
they take this on the stores thank you
and vivid
what happened write him up yeah thank
you thank you I really read the dog
hundred knows integers
I filled you know how old are you 34 I
feel amazing I feel better than I did
when I was 24 no where did I look I've
been working on there your muscle your
muscle then you can you receive it hold
up people in the tangle
Mugsy
do these two munchkins be hey okay
oh yeah don't hit me that's cool to be
in love hitting each other bringing
everything with me when I bought the
camera yeah and you know wet and
everything is like the so Twitter like
oh I I hopefully got you again and I was
thinking I should have just watched your
last blogs because I mean most of them
but like I didn't see the last vlogs and
you should it because I want to wreck my
gift my sister the cameras broke up
let's just show them okay this is the
screen all right fine fine you'll see
proper storage the race is on hey dude
anti killing the game with like a flower
hey yo yo check this out
QPR again is looking at your issues
Matt's interest oh look at all this look
at these decorative bottles that sharing
that look at this look at this we got a
photo booth area over here with props a
new camera about my sister and take some
pictures here look at all these people I
can see a skate like this my friend a
pinch of sugar
she made this that's your thing a pinch
of sugar right Anita
she's so dope she made this cake
I mean they were like are you gonna make
the cake because Backman HP cakes and I
was like I don't know like there's no
way this dress is Mia this is the vibes
survives survives stop balloons you got
it all set up over here
provide your survived shown the game
into Chara no I'm not sure get ready
great huh lose the box black dress black
just black just black just let's just
let just do things gonna be home yeah
dollar store cheers gonna be home for a
couple minutes where do the damn thing
you know we're the bomb unreal we're
amazing we're amazing no harm as well
we're amazing mothers look at all this
just kidding me man what is all that
going what is that anyway
Madras yo dad so don't I love it
also we have a masseuse that we hired
that's getting massages in the corner
here and she's like really hot so you
our next party was a success it's only
11:30 too and I'm so tired
here's the thing right I have this new
thing and I'm kind of concerned about it
I'm always tired and it's it's not like
a week because I'm not eating to feel
like I'm eating a moth that's all I'm
just always sleepy and it's weird
because I've gotten a lot of sleep last
two days but I'm thinking like maybe
just in a general sense I don't get much
sleep so like even sleeping for two days
in a row might not really even things I
don't know but like I just I'm always
sleepy and it's so frustrating because
like I'll be in situations where I want
to have fun or do things that I'm just
like wanna go see I'm gonna go see maybe
Brazil when I go to Brazil on Sunday I'm
work I mean I said I was gonna treat it
like a vacation do that really happened
but we had to like really native of
Brazil like I'm gonna try to like Sound
Beach I'm like chill Vees I'm oh he's
sleepy
I'm just lying all the time eyes are
ordering all the time so like actually
like for a week just sleep to sleep for
a week all right
it is 1216 and I'm looking at what is
pretty damn close to being my final book
cover I already see it here to see it
hell no you will have to wait you have
to wait I'm looking at it though and
okay all right genuinely how it makes me
feel look away look away look away look
away look away I do like I like it hi
I like it early tuck Lily
Everly been so tired I've just been
sitting in my bed because I didn't want
to wash my face just like I don't know
what to do I don't gonna wash my face
gonna go to bed
thank you for joining me on today it was
really really special I was part of
myself for like not doing work for set
him at a time and just focusing on my
family my sisters that's all good um but
yeah tomorrow Kyle's here he's in
downtown Toronto you landed he's a total
tomorrow I have an appointment in the
morning and then I have a call and oh
come I'm going to see my bass that's
harmony in concert because I love them
so much I adore them someone say went up
to them we'll go to their concert um and
I think I got a but what's also video
did yes it's very um yeah I'm gonna get
some sleep
thank you for dreaming in today team
super handshake this is going harder and
harder to do with no other hander yeah I
love you if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
Oh
