Oh
got my team super I feel I feel I feel
like I can't speak and I don't know how
to do this anymore I don't know how to
vlog and I forgot and I feel like it's
good forever but I missed you so much
and I don't know where to start because
I've so much to tell you I feel like I'm
a new person in life so I guess you are
along the journey for Brazil and Italy
and Toronto all stuff but for me just
feels like all big one one big thing
they speak speak it's hot I'm sweating
he was - I also spot on my legs I just I
think I'm mister well shavings I got
patched like I don't know it's weird
it's a weird thing anyways that's that's
not we're talking about we're talking
about it's Africa Kenya oh my god most
life-changing experience I don't want to
get into it too much because I every
ones asking did you go out did you vlog
I'm going to release instead of like
seven balls I'm going to release a 30
minute like Kenya special of my
experience in Kenya because there was so
much stuff that happened and I want to
edit it and make it like visually
stunning and beautiful and put so much
effort into it so I'm gonna work on that
but it's probably gonna come out like
mid-september they gave me like two or
three weeks to work on it this is the
girl of grace live but again I won't get
into too much just know that words
cannot express how much this bracelet
means to me and how much my life has
changed I feel like I'm enlightened I
have a new sense of reality and respect
and gratefulness and humbleness and
that's all I'll say you'll see you and I
released a holiday but I'm just so much
welcome back to the lily pad thank you
for your patience was one week hiatus
and I must say it felt absolutely great
to unplug for a week it was really
relaxing if I like I actually had a
little bit of a vacation even though I
did so much just mentally was so good it
was so good I'm feeling good I'm feeling
calm I'm feeling light and today and
tomorrow and for the next week every day
I'm working on how to be a boss because
my manuscript is due very soon and for
my entire life is dedicated to that
right now
purrs today's card says good things to
come there are so many amazing gifts
coming my way
I can't see them now because I respect
the general convention of not peeking
under wrapping paper but they'll show up
when the time is just right and that's
when I'll remember how much fun it is to
be surprised there's good things coming
our way and let me just tell you as
someone that's working on a lot of
projects that you know nothing about and
I got a few tricks up the sleeve right
here look see all the tricks I can say
good things are definitely coming what
were you doing a howdy took a shower I
ate breakfast I'm feeling good and setup
bocce I'll clean and no poop opened air
bridge Hut and I'm gonna work on my book
let's do it I'd be a boxer yeah working
on my book also working on my book okay
are you ready to see the newest addition
to the lily pad because it's pretty
freaking dope Jo's grandpa Roper are you
ready Oh boom come on come on
we got a name this unicorn oh I just
love it so much it excites me I'm gonna
like bring it down and like sit in it
and write my book in and I'm so excited
about it I'm just I make really good
adult decisions I mean I honestly mean
messy over there I suppose fix that I
make great decisions I just so impressed
with myself this is the face of someone
excited because the second girl of
episode just released it is with bebe
Rexha who I adore and she talks about
her experience with sexist producers and
with her experience and about her
experience with Nicki Minaj and it's on
the new girl love set and I'm just so
excited about it all let me show you let
me show you let me show you hey hey
Ricky oh yeah look oh wait oh yeah look
and I just love the way this set looks I
love the way the video turned out I'm
learning every time I edit one of these
like okay what can I do differently what
can I shoot differently cuz it's a
learning process the new format I'm so
happy because it's such feel-good
content like even I watched and I was
like oh there's so much love and it's
just making me really happy and I feel
very blessed and grateful to have a
platform where I can release some
positivity into the world and release
some of my genuine loving energy and be
like here take take this from my soul
this video from my soul I'm very happy
I'm
very grateful and then you get to watch
it we get to connect and it's all very
beautiful the third episode of girl love
with Sabrina carpenter will come out
soon I gotta edit that as well and even
behind the scenes like behind the scenes
at the scene is right here and I'm just
like behind the scenes there's so many
people I've set up to collab with still
that I haven't told you about really
really cool people one thing I love
about the girl love movement is that
people are so passionate about women and
men alike because girl love is for
everyone and they're so passionate about
it and so a lot of like traditional
celebrities are really down to help the
cause and I can't wait until you see all
those videos with them so I'm very happy
and I'm very grateful and now I'm going
to continue working on my book okay
first we will pick my wedgie I did it I
killed the game finish my third chapter
for the day it 7:39 I'm thinking I need
to like walk away for a second because
I'd like reread stuff after you know
stepping away if I reread it right now
it's gonna seem and what hasn't the
difference so I walk away I fixed my
claws a little bit of our shoe rack in
my closet because so many shoes lemme
show ya also my laundry's in the washer
and dryer very productive my right this
way right this look at this look biome
like all this space all this space right
here litter is my hair's falling out
okay um but yeah this is boggling to fix
the hats but one thing at a time
um I have unpacked from Brazil Italy
Toronto and Kenya I sell a little bit
more to do and now who's going on I
think I'm gonna take a break by watching
an episode of The Walking Dead and then
we get some food and then get back to
book writing yo so the time is 9 57 more
than one episode went down because you
the thing is though Walking Dead always
ends on cliffhangers and then when you
watch the next episode sometimes it only
address the cliffhanger like to have a
cliffhanger that lasts like two episodes
and I'm like I'm a weak human I can't I
can't be dealing with this kind of this
type of curiosity um but now I'm getting
back to work I'm gonna read the chapters
that are earlier today to see if they
still on point
and then I'm gonna eat light just give
me the light yeah yeah just give me the
wood whoo I said oh my life for so long
I forgot how much I love it it is only
11 and I'm feeling sleepy you know so
surprising even though I came from Kenya
which is 10 hours of a difference from
LA in terms of timezone I slept through
a whole night I kinda think I woke up
once just being in my bag I think did
the trick
I'm debating actually in bed I woke up
pretty early today I'm going to go to
bed Who am I before for you I'm a
different person I'm gonna take my
laundry out fold my laundry maybe do the
dishes clean up a little bit and then
maybe go to bed I don't know I don't
know I know what do you think hmm
stand by dishes done laundry lega
alright so do my large you finished it
this all is gonna be addressed tomorrow
because that stuff needs to be hung up
and we're gonna take one step by time
also while I was in Kenya I briefly used
cows headphones and I fell in love with
them they're beets and the beets I had
were like so heavy and hurt my head so I
never used to wear them and they were
battery operated it was like such a
process so I treated myself to something
because all the work I've been doing
recently and all the travel I know you
might be thinking why you could treat
yourself after travel I did a lot of
travel like back to back to back as a
reminder I went from Montreal came home
for two hours I'm back to LA then to
Toronto because essentially Montreal to
LA is like it's like back and forth it's
like from here to here to here is what I
did then from Toronto that's alright if
sorry from LA to Italy from Italy to
Toronto and then from Toronto to Brazil
and from Brazil to Kenya so I was pretty
exhausting I'm not gonna lie a lot of
time zones a lot of changes in weather
and water and food and so took a little
bit of a toll on my body long story
short I'm justifying why about that
bones um so I got these headphones they
are this is not a brand deal I genuinely
got the headphones I was debating
between the colors I got the gold ones
and so yeah I'm excited about that
and my treat is to my even though I said
this today I didn't do it tomorrow after
I finished a chapter or two chapters I'm
gonna open them I purposely didn't open
them even though I said I would
today but tomorrow because I'm lazy and
going on all right before I go to bed
let me show you a little bit of my book
writing process so what I have here is
my chapter outline now this is the pages
and pages of what each chapter is going
to be about like notes I have a main
message my life example and the key what
I want the the key to be for people to
take away from that chapter so have that
for all the chapters actually a 52
chapters or two are getting cut but
today I already merged two together so
we're at 51 then I have just the list of
all the chapter titles right here and I
highlight them as I go along and then
when I finish the chapter I actually
type it up wait read it again the next
day edit it again so I can edit process
for multiple days and then when I feel
like it's in a good place I will print
it and put it in my pile over here and
yeah I still have a long way to go but
we're getting there
one of the hardest parts about writing
this book so far has been I in my mind I
was like I'm gonna take a month off
write this book that didn't happen
thanks keep happening my life so now I
have to like a really crunch time it I'm
not rushing it I don't feel like my
qualities being sacrificed I see what
I'm just getting in the zone now so
let's make it very excited and I'm just
happy I'm happy we're at all and is 1126
I'm gonna go to bed
because I want to be responsible and
make up early tomorrow Chase has gone
out he's being so understanding as well
humbles in New York everyone's being
great everything is lovely I hope you
are lovely but first I think I have to
go to the toilet toilet tuck we're late
it is been a minute and a half thank you
so much once again for your patience
during my week of absence I'm really
glad I did it I don't think it would
have had as enjoyable and meaningful
time in Kenya if I didn't so thank you
for that I'm so glad to be back though
and I know this vlog wasn't too exciting
just me in my apartment you think my
vlog back I would like do something
incredible but this is slam bling and
for me writing my book is really
exciting so yeah who else about a mud
master a chaperon but I have to stay up
for 15 minutes then ever use my
Invisalign thing for 20 minutes hmm my
life is full of decisions maybe I'll say
before tomorrow because I'm quite sleepy
right now I just got a mud mask because
all the traveling has like make my skin
really dry and like tired so I'm gonna
like tighten it up yeah me but I'm gonna
shut up and stop rambling about useless
things right now because you have better
things to do than this right now and I
have to sleep and we both have things to
do I've never listened to our priorities
alright then you know it is I just don't
want to leave you because I haven't seen
you in so long
I have a pimple my brain is doing that
thing where I just talk random things
all the time so i'ma go to bed I hope
you had a stupendous day thank you for
joining me on my day tomorrow's another
how to be a boss today as a reminder if
you would like to preorder my book and
you don't have to you don't have to I'm
not gonna mad but if you want to loosing
book comm link is in the description um
yeah if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe oh my god I just
realized something look at my flights
and
three flights to get ready to go so I'm
going from here at 9:00 a one-hour
flight from Rio de Janeiro to Sao Paulo
and then from there at 3:15 a.m. ever
how long is this flight
wait Walla
