Mangia Brazil
good morning is actually I'm morning at
all it's like 2:30 p.m. but I took a
little bit of a nap we're about to ask
Superman live which I'm very excited
about cuz it's a special edition
straight from Rio which is why I had to
draw the 15th which is a another 14th
and we're gonna make it all Canada out
because obviously we're here repping
Khadem Dyke not let's talk about LA or
not I did to get this leg sewn I want
everywhere searching for King but this
is my house my favorite this one I was a
favorite I mean I don't want everywhere
and that's writing for this leg what did
you do to it I rented it from a beach
vendor for a hundred hours we have to
return my things I love it she also got
all this like Canada come on I'll show
show was up yeah
and this so excited them so he said we
got this dope we got a dope coke it says
northern pride right now yeah we're
gonna have a coke this is northern
probably which I'm all about shadows
called maddening this happen
this is Thorin corner of tiger Olympics
in Rio this is very cool I'm very glad
to be working with them and doing this
but we're getting ready for this live
stream right now
does it happen for an hour also minor
detail I won't tell you too much right
now with y'all while I'm here look what
I got look up give me give me 360 cam so
I'm gonna try to make it 360 vlog at
some point today or tomorrow today I
just landed some with a little bit of
powerful still but my vlog from this
point on ain't gonna do people that also
we've discovered when Nautica's not as
from result correct yeah but not a
speaks Portuguese it sounds like
Dothraki say anything can you say we
just got the popcorn Pablo yes a baby
pakka
if you don't believe me we don't believe
me
say where's your cars Cadiz oh yes I say
it where's your cars or I need your cars
racism preciso to do Japan Pressey so do
jihadis come on yo hold on shut up what
hold on hold on foreign
shut up white this
my lambs human great energies of my
opponents as your Selena Gomez liked
your picture right let me just check
watch one hole on her line hole and be
talking about oh it's the one all the
dances are grabbing my booty in it you
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I love it
thank you five on that joint asked to
probe alive I know the time it was
little bit different than previous
streams but I'm a different place
appreciate it
dope we're going on our first adventure
in Brazil I'm just the first thing I see
now a music video
having corn is a corn remedial me you
money
I'm a polka polka
it says everything now as my little
people feel polka the Topsy taxi
business table as a bad girl
oh yeah how dope is this
I love it there's a little bit chilly
right now the weather's are writing me a
lot of London UK but look where we are
Oh
all right see you
oh so in the Koch lounge of the hotel
and you see this dope chandelier it's so
cool how cool is that it coke bottles
yeah
so don't just abundance of coke
everywhere I also really like Powerade
power it's like my jam so it's like
everywhere you look there's like
are you guys thinking like oh this is me
genuine you know even before like I just
there's nothing better the k√∂ppen blah
I feel like I would pick coke in glass
bottle over humans I saw cutting glass
was the best thing in the world ever
walrus in Rio Brazil
lime orange book oh my god
Roback all we're missing is a polar bear
let's drop sitter Gomez with restaurant
rabbit trim to sing
I'm so made by technology
when alcohol is normal cherry coke
raspberry code blue stretch I'm a Virgo
of linear Ventris
please the different flavors of
everything
check it out just
my cherries right I bet you it's amazing
because this is basically like a true
example version show example right now
waitwait
one of my favorite drinks is a Shirley
Temple and ever just tastes just like it
I like it
Oh
and everybody's employed the other night
amazing we're gonna be here all day
ready to make a video free stuff free
stuff free stuff luggage bag highly
useful I appreciate that
alright I feel we got in her not ours I
can does this mean these vlogs can you
do mine not mean like that mean yeah
sorry on my heart where we got here you
got here within this cheek roller bag
are pilling accessories designed
exclusively through bar bazillion
fashion partners then that synapse hold
on hold on that was bit wow those are
cute that's really cute little bottle I
appreciate that
I appreciate that I'm appreciate net is
this a visor because I have an own
divisor since Nelly was famous I don't
know your father I'm so excited to wear
a visor feels quality whatever this is
okay okay that's dope I know we should
open this okay okay no big deal I
appreciate was this real branded
repellent and sunscreen well not swoon
water
wow that's useful can you do bags I
don't know dope it's a custom I know
you're thinking you can't see anything
same because my life it has been a
constant battle of the power going up so
humble broke through you did something
and all the power went oh no a waiting
for them to come fix it so we can do
some work there's no power to rooms or
like this right now the trailer at why
do you have all over again I said
people that people can be polka people
God
the time is 944 I'm working my video
right now I'm like norm is types of
friends part 3 you guys seem to have
loved that types of friends to have done
tense video and so long and you always
ask for more types of friends somebody
tipped friends part three trying to go
back to the videos that you're bitching
subscribe to because ice experimental on
your base part of some trying to put one
that like pearl time six nine all type
seems current times thanks but I 7.1 is
a long time so people can be polka polka
kipapa
can raise a son there's also butter on
you hold on did you go boo boo boo boo
boo I love you how many people cos
people people comment pick up how many
people guys my people cuz I always get
confused on how to say it but I like
people pipoca my little people
guys I'm just finished shooting at 11:40
a now I'm gonna start editing and I
tried to make it like not so hotel I
tried to arrange the pillows nicely and
stuff so I hope it's okay
alright so my videos are floating at 40
minutes left and I open my 360 cam I
don't do unboxing videos because I'm not
good at unboxing things we don't know I
struggle to open everything this is so
cool stand I have no idea how to use
this or how to edit it but I'm gonna
figure it out oh look at you little bear
Joey you're a Barry have a wire you have
a strap and we have a appears to be a
case yes okay so good so tomorrow we got
you at 7:15 a.m. but I don't care
because I want to figure this out
because I want take it tomorrow to all
the touristy places we're going and
shoot some cool stuff
Samba major reason I can't do a boxing
business it's chronic fixes like I don't
I don't have scissors I don't know what
to do and I'm not open this you have a
dotted line here ah
that camera is so dope I'm going to try
my best to vlogs and stuff in 360 for
you tomorrow I started to get to do it
today today was a bit of a settle in do
work figure it out time per day but
tomorrow we're gonna explore do some
touristy stuff go to some Olympic Games
and I'm expected take you with me thank
you for joining me on today my video is
almost done processing I'm gonna release
it and then go to bed because we need to
wake up in like six hours remember when
I said I'm not gonna wake up early gonna
relax good sleep
all i all i as a hoist but thank you
joining me on today i hope you had a
great day
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe papa
hook up didn't wash my face outside
makeup was everywhere i'm rush packing
for rio right now my voice is absolutely
gone i'm destroyed my mom is the best
human in the world because she cleaned
my room for me last night and she
organized all my clothes so it'll be
easier for me to pack my mom is the real
effing MVP and love her to death
