oh this is Elise ratchet voice Oh hook
up didn't wash my face outside makeup
was everywhere I'm rushed packing for
Rio right now my voice is absolutely
gone I'm destroyed my mom is the best
human in the world because she cleaned
my room for me last night and she
organized all my clothes would be easier
for me to pack my mom is the real F an
MVP I love her to death so I'm packing
I'm leaving for Rio in about an hour and
a half to the airport I'm going with
humble to Brazil for the Olympics with
coke and I'm very excited shadows coke
for like letting me experience bucket
list items so so cool I straight from
Rio I'm going to Kenya and so I'm
packing for that as well my mom ran to
the store last minute to buy me some
shorts so we're gonna hope we don't
forget anything while packing although
all the usual stuff is there at Toronto
allergy season though killing me like my
shirt what do you love these about it
for me Friday Friday almost I'm packing
we're gonna try to close this um oh my
sinuses Maude clogged up in tang my
faeces are ice Kings my feces I skinned
my mom bye bye bye I'll see you guys so
soon in like a month or it's fine I know
your life is so fruitful and rich of me
here
I know y'all gonna miss me like all the
stuff ah and my space for the stuff what
am i doing what am I going so I made a
discovery I so it's an ocean he has the
same thing I don't like it when people
say yo to me I say you order some of my
friends on my close friend say to me my
mom says means mine like I think I don't
like when people address me as yo
somebody's kept me the yo-yo I was like
not like I like this how do you feel
about that humble Tilikum you go just
use yo yo ya know if you like sometimes
we go yo that's a good yeah right
we go then we can just in the deal yeah
but I even feel like even still
sometimes some whiskey which means like
y'all do the gun picture I was like I
don't do this in my name you said yo
yeah that's that's a better thing right
please don't do that I don't like I
don't like yo he's doing I don't like
being dressed by yo I know she needs
tell that to me back in the day I was
like I don't get it but now I get it
feels weird anyway greens with blue you
know we're going to Brazil yeah would
have thought yeah
so that's happening let's go so winning
what a pwease on this plane is freezing
on this plane um we're stopping over in
Atlanta before we get to Rio these
proved a whole day of traveling how long
in this whole journey do you have this
information airy fun no I don't have it
either because my trip J sap is acting
up I feel like Shepard is shorter than
we think really an effect would be like
20 hours no no I mean the truth because
my traveling so much yeah see me ships
are in four days love Barry I could be
more normal 14 today's the 14th yeah
we're not gonna be build it
yes we're not gonna be in Brazil today I
sorry this film vlog is us being so
stupid we're just so dumb I'm so dumb
didn't you know anything for both of us
we were both all about fan fest yeah and
we weren't thinking about Brazil tell
fan fest was over and by fan fest being
over we meet after the after party yeah
which is a couple hours ago
but I'm excited I remember Brazil and
I've never thought my life are over go
to the Olympics she's really cool I have
a 360 camera and we're shooting some
dope content without signed humble that
I'm gonna try to like choose some really
cool vlogs like because I'm what that
excites me like I wanna shoot some
really like like
what's the word I'm looking for cinema
visually stunning vlogs basically is
what I want to shoot and I told my I
want to have a jam-packed schedule it's
not too easy there's some link Olympic
events to some book writing shoot some
visually stunning stuff compositions and
videos as well you gonna have a good
time that's what's happened you're gonna
come along with us the whole way also I
will talk about this again later but
when I go to Kenya there's a very large
chance that I will not post anything for
a week I will post a video on Monday
I'll post a video on Thursday of this
week but once you get to Kenya I believe
I have six hours of electricity a day so
I don't think it's actually possible for
you to post things but we'll talk about
that later before I get to Kenya in
Brazil I'm still posting videos I will
post a video Monday because I still feel
bad with the last one in the most and I
should or this is the first clip you're
gonna hear of this blog because the
whole time it was on mute and I'm very
annoyed about the whole situation I hate
that this camera has a thing on the side
because it turned that off and uh Turner
saw it happen
it turned back on hold on yeah I I'm
sorry
and I know yesterday's vlog I guess at
night yeah I don't know I don't know
what turns this thing back on I'm so
annoyed I'm sorry I thought I'd sorry
I've huh I've come down now I'm gonna
double over everything to happen
previously this fog long story short I
left Toronto on the way to Brazil Holmes
MVP I bought an honour don't like what
people are dress me by yo now we're here
to either stop over playing Monopoly
deal game one status pending that's it
yeah one zero for me one one second game
in a row that's been stupid and waiting
oh do we stop him do we suck at this
I'll fight of the food you do vintages
give me at the car that you needed but I
recovered it's one one it's not about
how hard you falls and walks awesome
back as well effing up the quote also
two one for your girl damn and thirty
one for me obviously and now we have
20-ish minutes left until our flight and
I think it's ten hours
coke coke missus top though is on this
plane listen here's some toothpaste and
all the other stuff I'm going to eat the
whole to look toothpaste because that's
what you're supposed to do with it
ideal friendly this is sorry I have a
lot to say in this blog post because I'm
still irritate at the video blogs and I
just blogging things and talking about
nothing because I want to make up for it
so so that is cool pin says bringing the
world to Rio 2016
I'm so excited I want to make some
really cool content so again something
just so eyelash glue awry
supposed to do work but that I'm like
you're all those times I can't sleep
also it's nighttime in Rio right now not
to toot my own horn but chat like this
with parking is at my home biological
block it's because I always adjust the
time zone while
so like even if it was like morning in
Toronto right now if it's night in Rio I
was still asleep
so it isn't angry all right now it's not
into one or two but
yeah that's what I'm thinking
we made it I slept the whole way
feeling good still on often repulses
blogger knows it's the whole beginning
of it was muted we'll see how I feel
over here we're in Rio de Janeiro Brazil
that was my attempt at that wasn't that
wasn't an accident appropriate for this
place but
rio de janeiro brazil vision lego
welcome to Rio 2016 Olympic Games not
here hey got a dope view still I'm not
gonna post this vlog or not I haven't
decided
um II see st. where are we where
surveillance what do we do I don't get
out and I've got a staff of you get
knotted I snuck some food of you we went
in the vlog here um I'm on the toilets
okay go to the show I don't know if this
law same force like I said but we're in
Brazil for the Olympics thank you for
joining me on the journey and it's gonna
be exciting few days in which our micro
footage get some dope pushers and dope
blogs and that's what's going on and get
ready for a super moon live you got it
ah I got a light outside
Bing Bing globe Razia Marines brother
Brazil Virginia ultr HTM oh it's not
like that
give us a ghost and subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
