when you're in Italy right and then just
get up in realize that we wanted any
Choice Award
yo yo I didn't walk up to all but you
Congrats
I know what's happening it's like 8 a.m.
and I phone a spool Congrats I'm not
even sure I think we won the choice
female web star slaps I wasn't there but
like holy crap that's really cool I
always said that like awards don't
define us I'm maintaining that we've
done like many things to change the
world which is cool but this is still
really cool like that's really cool I
would like probably research to see what
happened but thank you holy crap this is
so like yeah calm well I'm always like
Tonya like if we were if we went to cool
but if we don't hug the other it's just
really cool I wish I was there to accept
it and make a speech but I wasn't but
I'm still really really grateful I think
the coolest thing for me is not the
award it's not like you all might happen
that's really cool cuz you voted oh my
god
thank you so much ha ha that's really
pretty cool I do research before I got
yeah
you have calmed down a little bit
apparently we won - we won choice web
star female intercept star comedy I
think so for research properly but I'm
so excited because I woke up and I saw
these really sweet messages and I made
me feel really cool and I was like
confused and sorry - melted what huh um
thank you it was really super cool I'm
gonna post
I mean I'm bummed I wasn't there because
I would love to make a speech and thank
you but I couldn't be so I'll post an
Instagram post of what I would have said
I'm still gonna maintain that this is
really really cool I got a surfboard in
the apartment but for me like though I
did not explain it the coolest part is
not really winning you know how I feel
about these things like winning is cool
but the words don't define I don't know
I feel we do so many cool things where
awards are cool but like it's not
clearer than us like changing the world
it's not cooler than like girl love it's
not cooler than like spreading
positivity but I'm still really grateful
what I think that's affected me most is
that your support through the whole
thing was really what I think is the way
more than anything else like seeing your
tweets all the time and I mean so many
of you would be like really why don't
you promote Maureen uploading in your
videos because yeah I'd rather promote
like girl love
and does that just who I am I'm still
really grateful but the coolest thing
for me is that you all came together and
like supported me so much it's part of
the family so much and that's the
coolest thing for me so team super from
the bottom of my heart in my nerdiness
with my eye boogers in my Invisalign and
my shirt falling off thank you so much
for always having my back this is
amazing you do amazing things don't ever
think that you can't wake up and change
the world because you free and can and
I'm so grateful to have you um yeah
yes I love you yeah I love you so much
let's enjoy the day in Italy leggo I
don't even know if my vlog camera can
capture the beauty that is this right
now because sometimes the camera cannot
capture all that is wonderful before you
we are headed to breakfast now we're
heading to our first conversation of the
day I'm so excited just listen
I keep saying zoner again I'm so stoked
to just like listen to people's ideas
I'm so excited I look at one thing she's
like really cool things to accomplish
people hmm what is a way better thing to
be able to hear this yeah is though how
they got picked ain't nobody win a
lottery ticket to get to where they are
yeah I'm just so excited I'm also safe
for breakfast nook oh I um I got I got a
hat on the Sun Hat on we're doing the
damn thing
Lego mmm not too shabby
not too shabby at all the hash browns
are so interested in a recent actually
looks like this
oh man oh man oh man dope dope dope um
yeah so Brenda we were breaking I have
my chalk in a few hours which I hear a
lot of the kids are really excited about
so I'm excited about you and Matt hot
outside is my beautiful jay-z really
kind of working tomorrow I'm by the pool
your massage do odd things and then
later on tonight we have a dinner under
the stars
that's what's advertisers so I'm excited
over performance so I'm excited about
all right these are live
I will do my top yo Deepika humbles of
the best thing ever I'm like yo do I
look like I belong and he said no look
you stand out this guy do the other
things the other great thing to Gary you
can your things mr. fury does what is
even skin you go to me like cow power
Tom hammer it's not like a bit if it was
poked clearly people would pronounce it
but I mean like what are you working
with it all right I go this is where my
Q&A is happening so Robert Kindle is
gonna moderate it and I just did this
picture so it reflects my current
subscribers Justin right here and this
is the vibes the setups my dope I
appreciate it my boss is looking extra
velocity if I may so say myself and my
boss look extra boss it's like I do my
boss very well today a little more a
little more modern some at the google
camp and I said the person who asked the
best question will be my blog and here
ask the best questions the most amount
of questions had me sweating up here did
such a good job everyone did such a good
job and it was like a jet fun yeah yeah
really yeah best questions best
questions I read this what's going on
it's all good we did it thanks Annie
yeah man you know man good me too you
devised so we're going to dinner it's
called dinner under the stars and
thought some temple but it's an hour
away probably think beautiful to me
talks I don't know how much we have just
seen the vlog but I'm excited for
because supposed to be like mesmerizing
and you're sharing me the top one great
these kids ask such amazing questions I
know if it's because their parents are
obviously all people that are in like
work at companies are CEOs too but their
questions were just outstanding like
really great questions from like eleven
year old 10 year old nine year olds like
what do you think about the watch time
period you think it's increased or I was
like what it was dull Mad Dog
my office not really appropriate but I'm
working short so it's all good let's go
to the beach the beach picture before
we're on the bus towards this dinner oh
I need to hold you hands away now we're
experiencing all this dope news and
we're walking to the temple to have
dinner I think although it's that way I
don't know where we were going this way
and it's dope look how beautiful this is
it was a block of vlog I sound like I'm
from a cave I'll be Charlie's and I went
to dinner with her and she inspired the
fun of me and we're going to total bond
right there Tomo Jen end it real quick
Jenna the guys Jen and it let's be the
generation to end a motovlog previously
as inspirational and do it we're
chilling the role of Jenna and doesn't
happen oh yeah yeah tell about your home
from yeah her phone only takes selfies
basically so she has to take pictures
you take selfies when I flip it it just
comes back if I flip it it happens we
take too many selfies kids learn from
Charlie's yeah that's it alright back
home had such a moment with myself where
I was like your life is good I'm blessed
this is magical I'm so grateful it was
beautiful
it is also money I'm so tired of talking
with moments like this in the bus
you're so tired but it's video today so
I'm think about making a really easy
video I actually was tempted to not make
a video but I got to make a video to
tell you that my lipstick is now
available and so more places I can as
well so I gotta make a video um but yeah
blblblbl yeah yeah yeah hey being a
protein bar because I didn't eat much
editor um you know what I'm not gonna
make a video I'm sorry I'm also kinda
out sorry I'm on vacation I gotta wake
up run for the conversation and I'm so
about those conversations and I don't
want to be sleepy and I think you'll
understand I kinda need to unwind I'm
going to try to make a video tomorrow
today I had a lot of things to do I'm
had my talk and stuff tomorrow I might
have some more attention or to try to
make a video tomorrow but I do
you know regardless of me nah posting
videos our boss is available in Canada
now in Sephora and in shoppers as well
as in Nordstrom's Macy's in Ulta in the
US as well the Sephora so you want to
get our boss you can go ahead and do
that what I want second that was really
loud I'm sorry done Chuck with lily and
Cecily in Bora Bora Bora I'll make a
drawing out you're a very eventful day
magical day one who cheat ice water look
I'm nauseous Lee chewing my poodle near
the best I'm so grateful this is a bit
amazing and I the first one of my life
don't feel guilty about not posting
video because I feel like what I'm doing
instead is so meaningful it's gonna
inspire me to make a bazillion videos
that are awesome so I'm putting in work
that's what I feel like I took I'm
saying so inspired but thanks for
joining me on today tomorrow another day
in Italy
this can be dope I'll be as for now if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe stops who said to don't pastor
didn't have insurance adjustor made of
pasta was amazing lovely literally women
yeah we just met dope people in YouTube
and Google it's like really cool people
talking what really dope things she's
she's the popular kid on the block we
have their kids here and their kids
watch my videos and I'm very flattered
to hear that I was kind of gone to meet
you
I was pretty gasps I'm like okay
you know I
