oops I'm in Rome
what up good morning good I feel good
evening wherever you are I hope you're
having a stupid plan this day if you're
not we're gonna change out right now I'm
gonna make your day amazing because you
deserve it
I managed to pack it really really
quickly so I landed
iseman home soon I overpack to death the
weight limit was 32 kilos I got to the
airport 32 kilos on the dot I over
packed so much for that to pack for
Italy Toronto Kenya and Brazil we have
landed in Rome it was 11 hour flight I
just want to say I'm really impressed
with a 2e I don't know how to say it
whatever the Italian airline is at PDA I
think it's how you pronounce it very
impressed airline was super dope super
comfortable flight are Stoppers in Rome
for about an hour and a half and then
we're flying to the hope is this right /
there mo PA le r mo that's where we're
going and let me just tell you I don't
even tell you what I'm doing in Italy I
mean it's so exciting I am going to like
it for lack of better terms like a
Google camp and it's a cancer like
influential minds and we're gonna go
there literally to meet people and
network and just talk about ideas and
that's so up my alley so really cool
people are going so like Robert cancel
from YouTube's going Malala is gonna be
there I think Pharrell is gonna be there
like the CEO of snapchat is gonna be
there there's like a list of so many
people that are just think is dope
awesome people and I'm so damn excited
Alicia Keys gonna be there so it's like
really exciting I can't wait to go just
like learn I want to learn a lot and
meet a lot of people and I have no idea
what the resorts gonna look played so
I'm so excited
Amazon to washing right now like I'm
really excited about it all
also because I'm now at different times
on my vlog the schedule upload release
schedule might be a bit messed up
because when it's morning for me you
might I've been wanting for you anymore
so yeah just letting you know that's
crack-a-lackin' it's an awesome trip I'm
so glad you get to join me
okay
you know whistle we made it to Sicily
waiting for our luggage right now it is
so hot this jacket is so mad I'm gonna
do jean jacket
it's g-star ah you know who I'm saying
it's so hot waiting for luggage Hey
welcome to homos also really excited
because there's mics as all you need to
become Bobby's bike homeboy sports bike
everything yeah oh yeah situation
outside ah the water over there this is
beautiful it is beautiful I'm all about
this right now
oh I must say I'm myself
tangling my hair lost my heart I take
myself
tailmon ours is a barbecue on the beach
guys we're going to right now I'm
debating tonight to my vlog camera cuz I
have a pocket and humble already express
his opinion of Oprah in his locker
not that I'm against putting it in my
pocket but if we know it's not gonna get
used you might get used but but also
we're here to enjoy
I like vlogging plus you're not allowed
to post anything from you yes I am from
the conversations as you're not the
whole thing but I'm sure something this
guy look at this guy
no no it's it's conversations and okay
I'm gonna do the ball camera it's time
Bluto chill we'll come back I see you a
little bit bayy
I came back to get you because it's sooo
this is the vibe
let me show you inside I'm not gonna
blog that much as I wanna respect
people's privacy like I told you there's
some ball in people here but uh let me
show you what I can okay so we're gonna
sit here so the vibe how dope is this
forget amazing she can love it what do I
say name tags
Madeleine mines falling we just had to
be don't posture then have vegetarian
food to the chef specially made us pasta
it was amazing and lovely super nice
yeah we just met dope people I call
people you tube and Google and like
really cool people talking about really
dope things she's she's a popular kid on
the block really has their kids here and
the kids watching my videos and I'm very
flattered to hear how do I was kind of
you know Manto I was pretty gassed I was
like okay but so basically what this is
is that every morning to have
conversations and you know about I love
talking what ideas so every morning
conversations with influential people
and you just talk what ideas and
concepts and thoughts and then to the
recipe to everyone's when I write a lot
of my book here we do some activities we
go to my favorite three letters SSP ace
I just wonderful everything is wonderful
everything's great and tomorrow Alicia
Keys and problem performing I'm Diane we
should walk back there's like so much
condensation all over my cameras
hopefully you can see me hello never in
my life let me tell you what happened
then you can carry on the situation kid
we're walking out of this thing and this
is exactly what humble that's me those
children we just met frolic conversation
let me just say the first thing like all
he's he was on the phone and he hung up
to talk to him via phone his wife you
know one avoid yeah but he was so nice
and we're asking just questions about
life and stuff and his answers were so
inspiring and wonderful and great and so
that's my story that we met for all and
humbly
I got juice the solitude I can't even
sleep right now I'm just I got to me for
all and I got to hiko a little bit
before all about music and life and
things and that's it and when I told him
my name is humbly said that's one of his
favorite word's oh there's like four
people in the world who I feel alive
then I would fangirl he says it's all
the time before people always change
there's one person up angle over only
one person whose name changes all the
time
that's right you're allowed to fangirl
I'm happy for you I don't know as much
about him as you do but like though I
don't I can't even give me a jacket
that's what just made a sound like oh
and wonder frell's jackets yes Cheetara
but that was if it also is really really
cool people here really Rick Rubin's
here right yeah
George Lucas George Lucas is here I
haven't seen them so I might not be real
but George Lucas is if you don't know
George Lucas and I can't even talk to
you George Lucas's dick writer creator
director conceived er a Star Wars and
all CGI so all special effects you've
ever seen George Lucas avatar George
Lucas Jurassic Park George Lucas Titanic
George Lucas anything we're gonna skip
down wait yo but go to sea because the
jet lag is coming in harbour watch like
something first
I am having to meeting greets in Toronto
for bough spouses officially launching
in Canada so you will be able to get it
in Canadian Sephora stores but let me
talk about these meeting greets the
first one is on Friday August few days
and it is Sephora Yonge and Eglinton so
Sephora
young in Eglinton you're gonna have to
go there early to get a wristband all
the information will be on my Facebook
and Instagram and Twitter and all that
stuff so check out my socials the second
one will be on August 6 was just
Saturday and that one will be act
Shoppers Drug Mart at square one so
those are two main routes are happening
check my cell all the details but two in
Toronto officially are going to
your boss in Kerala represent not that
much Canadian you look poised wrong got
you it's also going to more places in
the US that I'll tell you about in
tomorrow's main Channel video yeah mmm
jelly to need you going to this new
washing women a new tourism hello
barring a new toilet talk spot so cool
lately all the way from Italy insist
early my name is Lily target silly Free
Willy was a whale that toilet is
creaking not anymore of course is about
it okay
anyways I'm gonna head to bed tomorrow
is our first full day in Sicily Jim very
excited well as conversation in the
morning I'm just like I'm not gonna blog
like anytime around people I might not
vlog because I want to like have
conversations and people like the little
brief conversation about before L was so
he said some profound itch and I was
like whoa so I can I enjoyed so don't
start me talk vlog a lot of that stuff
I'll vlog things with me and see you
know you like I'm just excited to meet
people I'm so excited to learn and talk
to people and hear their ideas and I'm
also doing a talk tomorrow at 4:15 to
the kids that are on camp and to their
parents as well just about like YouTube
and stuff with Robert so that's really
cool I feel for all to come so maybe
I'll mosey thank you for joining me on
today we you had a wonderful day and you
were in Italy for the next few days so
Jonah and I you know I'm saying you know
what's up if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe Channel was dope
they're all really funny but I was
telling you through them like they all
know each other because they're all
stand-up comics and they all work
together all the time
so I felt like me going to my first
VidCon again right like I'm like a loner
that doesn't know them so they like her
all busting jokes it's like hey remember
so-and-so I don't look in the corner
like now one of the girls I told him
like yeah I don't really do stand
because they're all stand-up comedians
I'm what I do more like YouTube stuff
like I've done stand-up but like my
shows with my audience and then she's
like yeah I know don't worry I feel you
because I
all do know each other all really nice
to meet us that was dope like I didn't
feel a little bit cuz even all the
questions were about like hecklers like
steno comedy you know I was like I'm
from the internet I come in peace
