just for you a song
good morning Montreal I actually got
some sleep I could use more sleep but I
got a great amount of sleep like set
eight hours and I feel like a new person
um I'm headed to a panel right now
downstairs then I've 1/2 hour gap where
me to eat lunch then have a talk show
thing that's like a four-hour gap and
then to the rest night is just like me
watching a show
so like I'm look I'm chilling I'm
also taking this trip Maddie you see
that call me go to see because like I'm
not doing my ivan to my eyeliner one
turn to my lipstick ones I was flicking
my eyebrows doing mascara time like my
vibes I'm mad I'm mad easy breezy lemon
squeezy this Trevor my girl
minimal effort this is advisable silver
shoes on my Ashley joy back jewelry and
I'm going to go do this damn thing Lego
Lego I didn't eat breakfast but I'll do
when I come back and all my leaves your
mother every time just for laughs but to
do this panel cache things says
uncensored like that affects me everyone
else in big swearing and vulgar no man I
can dream of unicorn so that'll be
Tamaki snap panel was dope they're all
really funny but I was telling you few
of them like they all know each other
because they're all stand-up comics and
they all work together all the time so I
felt like me going to my first VidCon
again Riley I'm a good loner that
doesn't know them so they like her all
busting jokes diddly
hey remember so-and-so I'm looking the
corner like now one of the girls I told
him like yeah I don't really do stand
because they're all stand-up comedians
I'm what I do more like YouTube stuff
like I've done stand-up but like at my
shows with my audience and then she's
like yeah I know don't worry I feel you
because like we all do know each other
all really nice to meet us that was dope
but like I didn't feel a little bit cuz
even all the questions robot like
hecklers next 10 new comedy knows like
I'm from the internet I come in peace
but it's good to meet different people
learn different things that's exactly
what I did I have an hour now until my
next interview and then after that
interview have like four ish hours
technically I don't feel to anything
after that but I thought I should check
out some shows you know I am at Just for
Laughs and it's really cool and haven't
seen anything yet so I'm gonna do that
but in that four-hour gap guess what I'm
gonna do take a nap probably I'm gonna
try as much sleep as I can because I
know I know there's gonna be moments in
the future I'm like oh I'm so tired
which is gonna
so burping a lot also free I didn't eat
oh damn I forgot I should do that so
unlike me look on my CMV you know I am
in hotel rooms I'm so quick look I'm two
guys don't care they gave me too bad
that's what my god
this will be the dirty bed I took a
20-minute nap the theme of today's nap
at every opportunity because your past
self would be happy for you your past
self that wasn't able to sleep will be
happy for you but it does interview
never come back or some food and sleep
some more
sleep it every unit moment and then
evening I'll go up but until then sleep
at every moment let go I also fell
asleep my makeups like my mascara if you
look close like my eyelashes are like
not like this they're like oh effed up
this whole thing that's happening an
elevator right now let's talk show in an
elevator to me exciting so like is this
a bad time to say I'm claustrophobic
you're just kidding I'm kidding I said
before Allstate again I study French for
10 years I know what anyone is saying in
know what I'm saying and they refused to
even try to know what I'm saying
this is TJ he's my very cute handsome
agent so everyone can hit on him in
comments below and you should know
teaches one of the members of my team
who fights for me all the time he's so
dope team super easy certified unicorn
he's always like who is it
he's going to be fights for me getting
all these dope opportunities teaches the
man the man like a thank you baby stuff
he's dope I got to eat some food
hardest meal ever to get to because
there's so much traffic and cabs don't
like us so we're going me oh the food
I'm so hungry I'm riding the same person
I'm a different person right now isn't
hungry let's do it homeboy Russell's
here we go try to catch his set he's
probably never seen before love stuff
some exciting and that's a lie
I'll frost a Canada mom ting all right
so I'm back in my hotel room just for a
few minutes to be honest isn't 20
minutes or to go somewhere else I don't
have to go hey I'm still really tired I
keep some Thai because I can tell in my
behavior that my body just needs like
days of sleep like I can tell the way
I'm talking to people like I'm talking
to them but I'm not like as bubbly as
usual I can see every picture I take
there's like bags and like tiredness on
my face but I met all these really cool
people today and they're gonna perform
and I want to go and support them and I
think there'd be like a great learning
experience for me to see all the
comments though I'm probably gonna go
and then there's a party after that I
might like go to for a bit then come
back home um I was going on also my
hair's like not cooperating with music
really frizzy or whatever maybe I'll
attempt to curl right now blessed loves
me real it's not gonna happen at most I
might put on some balls just wanna look
a bit more like you know bio so I made
it I'm sorry I would ruth lewin started
logged well you're talking wearing my
balls here's coming out as I speak and
we're here watch watch is ten comics
that I'm so
learn himself and do some stuff Oh
Soumya lesson
right the roast battle seth rogen Jimmy
Kimmel are judging it right
judging up and repent when my parents
take a joke for joke very inappropriate
very offensive battle
I'm gonna watch it i'm so excited i
right now
and I'm eating all the breadsticks all
of them battle it's so ruthless it's so
ruthless Stefan Jamiroquai's many means
not you know what a Dube boost on my
blog is so dark this room hotel room so
dark um got myself some McDonald's do
into a party but I was like yo I'm kind
of tired I want to just watch some
Netflix right now watching them eat some
dolls watching Netflix went to all the
shows so I learned a lot of stuff
laughed a lot roast battle was like dope
it was so ruthless and so aggressive it
was really really just witty and
creative so I really enjoyed that
yeah even though the party they went to
we walked by at the dope music I was
like nah sky ah it's kind of like
Network II and I don't want to like
something like relax for a little bit
long day
wanna chill eat some French Frizzles do
my damn thing and that's what popping -
what popping locking yeah here is my
situation right now you don't want to be
me right now sitting on hotel floor
eating my daughter's blood to watch
walking down Netflix then you're wrong
not me
you're weird okay toilet duck with Lele
I'm actually not gonna go to bed yet my
ride to the airport coming at 5 which is
a really early because my friends know
that early but it's coming at 5:00
what's happening tomorrow it's a little
bit crazy what's happening is I am
landing in LA rushing home as quickly as
I can quickly packing like I mean like a
lot I mean like it's so I basically
landed 11 and my next line is at 4:00
and I'm gonna rush back from the airport
pack for Italy hope and pray that my
flight is not delayed because if it is
I'm screwed
packing like 50 minutes head back to the
airport go to Italy with humble for
Google camp which is really cool thing
you'll see here you'll hear and see more
about tomorrow but um I'm not really
sure from a vlog tomorrow to be honest
because the flight to visit 13 hours and
then my flight to Montreal come on
she'll Delhi is like five hours so I'm
gonna plan the whole entire day tomorrow
so I might off log so I don't blog now
you know what
- shower Renda log your attic shower and
I'm repeating myself a lot I'm sorry I'm
repeating myself a lot I'm sorry I'm
reading myself a lot I'm sorry uh-huh
and then we're into the airport so I'm
gonna see you for another day but um
we're headed to Italy tomorrow which is
really really exciting so I'm so glad to
get to come along on this ride with me
whoo-hoo I did I run I did it oh my god
whoo no wait what the hell my doing oh
there it is if you liked it subscribe if
you liked it subscribe
oh ah mantra at Memorial mantra or or
what more yell okay if you liked it
subscribe all right so we're here
this is a variety top 10
I'm just gonna drink as much alcohol
again okay I'm back
that was quick said God because my head
is pounding any food but I got an award
look
