I'm so disoriented
I'm in Montreal I woke up from my nap
Alissa wake up hours ago to edit I
didn't I stuck to the whole thing my
head is hurting my stomach is hurting I
need to go this reception thing right
now for like an hour come back order
food get editing get my life together
because right now I don't know what's
happening what's happening alright I'm
just gonna drink as much alcohol again
okay I'm back that was quick said God
because my head is pounding any food but
I got an award look what a ten comment
comments comics just literally super
cool it's such a great honor
so tomorrow it kind of sucks there's a
showcase where cuz like a lot of the
other comics are stand-up comedians
which I've been really like I've done
before but I'm up like the best stand-up
comedian I think I like sketch comedy
and stuff better personally I mean like
to perform I like it better but yes I'll
showcase again like I was like oh so
what are you doing what I'm like
commenting anything it's like from a
professional standpoint it's fine like
it's not a big deal but like I'm kind of
excited to also just watch and like not
worry cuz I can like imagine if I had to
perform tomorrow I would be so unhappy
right now and I'd like shooting myself
because I'm at the peak of Lily hustle
right now I need to edit this video and
I need to do like nothing I need to
order food and sleep because I know I'm
at the brink of what I can do as a human
so I'm actually pretty bad I'm not doing
it tomorrow but like yeah it's very cool
to watch the other comics and stuff I'm
going to edit this video I'm gonna try
my best cuz Grayson made we're also here
hosting a show but try my best to go to
that show but again if I'm exhausted
don't feel well I'm not going to do that
and I can oh please sit in tomorrow but
that's what's going on let's order all
the carbs in edna's video let go let go
and I go I'm so hungry I want to puke
I'm so excited I feel like I've been
eaten in like seven days and this this
this heat your ally you say I preside to
85 because I want to be really hot on
you it's a lie it's lying it's not doing
anything
everything's a lie I'm sorry I'm cranky
I'm complaining a lot I'm sorry I'm a
period I'm so hungry
my body hurts everything hurts what he
did that we're gonna get better
team super can you hold me can you hold
me please in your arms and do this to me
like this no okay nothing is being
cooperative with me right now my program
keeps shutting down and keeps freezing
this lamp refuses to work just I try
it's very tough day today it's been a
tough day finally done editing is 1022
Eastern Time which means it's still 7:30
in LA so we're stuck overtime kid look
this is what I'm working with right now
this right here this side rope you can
see it in Casey this is what I'm working
with right now so don't work with please
take the wheel not this wheel the wheel
of life mr. jones because the festival's
actually happening like right outside my
like i can see thousands and thousands
of people's i can see the people before
me I can see everything and I'm here
editing which is fine because I'm tired
and I can't do without any people right
now but it's cool because I can see
everything um I'm just going to movement
you know what the most annoying program
in the world is to me this is probably
an unpopular opinion
I hate iTunes object like I like iTunes
because it's so easy to get music but I
hate the amount of prompts that iTunes
gives me I feel like every second on my
phone every second of my laptop's
something's Paco update this
automatically open this new thing
available here I'm just like shut up
iTunes just like a nagging purse that's
always telling you to do something I
don't want to update nothing iTunes okay
I don't care if my phone doesn't have
the most up-to-date support and you
press cancel it keeps reminding you
every 10 seconds what do you want from
me what do you want from me I can't
cater to you right now iTunes okay
goddamn why is always about you ever
iTunes I gotta be you Tunes I gave you
all me F in there oh right the videos
posted a way dirty vlog this I don't
think I did the videos posted and I also
just edited some stuff for a girl of
socials tomorrow which are really dope I
think all of you really liked the video
it's a bit different than my usual video
is not a rant or skit it is a game
interview type of thing that's how the
girl f series gonna be it's combination
like challenges and interviews and skits
sometimes but I also want to point out
two things one everyone
you do edit this you're not honest
because the editing style is very
different as you just saw me in the blog
I did edit it it's different when you're
editing like interviews challenges games
then when it like when you're editing
rants and skits so with the indie
business up it's like 20 minutes of
footage and you like find the gems I
like add flavor and stuff like that
because it's not scripted so you can't
control the funny moment you have just
fine them and so yeah I do little things
as my editing is really different I hope
you like it I hope you enjoy it I like
it I think it's cute so that's that I do
edit it and then the second thing is
girl of the first episode aired today
which is Thursday but not all um are
gonna air on Monday or Thursday
sometimes they'll be special on Saturday
Sunday so I'm just want to put that into
the universe I'm very excited about all
you know how passionate I am about girl
love and so I hope you support it and I
hope you like the first episode and I
really do think moms will realize it's a
show to your mom especially new moms
because I think one of the biggest
issues with girl-on-girl Hey it's so
prominent with new moms and my sister
told me is all the time new moms have
this thing where they feel like they
have to judge each other and it's really
really weird so that wasn't the
inspiration for the first girl ever
always touch on like a topic or a
specific thing and today's was
motherhood so hope you enjoy so what Oh
time is 2:30 a.m. I know just a white
bone glossy bias with all my emails I
did everything I need to do caught up on
it i'm up i'm not completely caught up
on them we caught up enough and even
though c3 my first event Amar's at 1:30
so I can sleep in I'm so excited I'm
watching an episode of walking dead
right now oh yeah let me okay through
one leisure thing doe watch episode of
Walking Dead this is my issue though
right my hungry again I don't know
there's room service some cold past over
there but like I don't know I do I'm so
useless
also I can finally share with you guys
I'm so behind on writing my book I am
I've had deadlines and like making the
promo video do all Steffes with me
behind so it's gonna be done on time ago
obviously every choice but I'm a little
bit behind right now so I'm gonna use
all the long flight to have coming up to
write a lot of the book when I go to
Italy for a week and have some downtime
I write the book then but I'm pretty
damn burnt down behind I'm saying by the
way being pure to my book yeah with what
we doing we doing wait were you doing
this deal right
available in North America UK Australia
New Zealand I think I hope not making
this up India Pakistan and then if you
go to Amazon there's also like a whole
bunch of other countries available on
the chalkboard Amazon to check but this
thing book calm it we can pre-order yeah
sure which waiting for pre-order that
yes yeah I'm saying I've got an email
with some cover design so final cover
will come to you soon and ting yeah me a
mean alright I just read that vending
machines are located on every floor and
some motive on this mission right now I
also know that I only have like exactly
two dollars and so hopefully something
is two dollars standby I don't want to
drink nanny machine on a snack vending
machine damn it don't have a snack
vending machine oh I'm so hungry I'm so
hungry I'm after you thought I just had
to bite at the past and it's so
rock-hard and cold and like gross man
still grateful still grateful alright
I'll do that they're totally tacky
lately you know one thing about hotels I
will never understand I shower curtains
or showers have you ever experienced the
showers where first of all some showers
don't have doors that's what the water
goes everywhere like they have a half a
door or with any shower where the shove
the water escapes the shower is not a
good shower I just never understood like
I go to some fancy office all I don't
like fancy hotels I've talked about many
times but when people book me in fancy
hotels always have these showers that I
have these little small cute barriers
and the water goes everyone like I don't
care if you look nice I care if you work
this is why admittedly I struggle to
take shower and sometimes because Italy
student Punjab a lot of the showers
there's no tub it's just a faucet and
the water goes everywhere like there's
no barrier is just a faucet in a
washroom
completely open like I don't I don't I'm
not that I'm not skilled enough to do
that I don't
I don't know earns it what I'm saying
completely irrelevant because there's a
shower girl here but the point I was
making is that even with the shower
occur in the water goes everywhere and
water on the floor is no bueno
but anyways I'm shut the f up stop
complaining every case for a little brat
and how we kind of had tomorrow we got a
whole bunch of events and that's crack
lack and then actually am i flying
tomorrow next to the next day shut up
she don't talk about sure you're better
blunt you have more jobs if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe if someone who
doesn't know that is watching my vlog
him but yo she's having a seizure I'm
not I just do my swag I'm gonna do my
swag alright if you like it I like
forgot to vlog for a long time I'm sorry
I forgot you at the mall again vlog I'm
sorry um well the second song is going
great and reserve my energy at practice
while getting my hair makeup done and
then I go out there and try my best to
remember all the words I'm feeling it
it'll do pretty well so far
well that's on to those so don't get too
