anchors keep you grounded what I'm sure
reference
I am late kinda late I meant it to my
book meeting 3 my Canadian publishers
only 5 minutes later - what I'm trying
to translate
I'm gonna head there and do that a lot I
gotta go get some shots vaccines for
Brazil in Kenya then I practice later on
today
I also ought to get a gift for my sister
a lot of things are happening voices
voices voices voices voices okay blitz
let's go first let's go haha not as
stable as your cars we're gonna try it
I'm already waking up woken up and I'm
feeling very anxious that so many things
to do today and it's one of the
situations where so many people are
messaging me in relation to my hair
relation to costumes in relation to the
final mix in relation to what I want to
say in relation to my vlog camera fly in
relation to my book just so many things
multitasking but then I was like you'll
really take your own advice that hangs
ID that voice in my head that's like yo
your stress just always have to do I'm
gonna become friends with you because
when you whisper my voice letting me
know I'm anxious and will let you know
what I am let's hug it out
or make it happen I'm befriending that
voice that anxious voice I am
befriending you we are friends we'll
work together I'm headed there's traffic
but it's ok you know what you go make it
happen like a boss oh my god Team Canada
I just have my Canadian book publish it
look at this look at this look at this
is me and the legs and everything ok
check this out check that walk into the
room this is what I see feel so special
and it's a photoshopped picture to boost
my self-esteem quickly is the team
awesome and working to make this book
the wickedest baddest book ever so much
reappear right now because team Kenna is
on this es6 side all day like ah no that
was such a great meeting you know I'm
sure passionate about my Canadian
publishers because Team Canada all day
and I feel like it's been a constant
struggle in my life to have things
available in Canada and having the same
time and so that's the one thing I made
clear I was a young Canadian my you
gotta come out on camera in Canada on
point on point so that's the whole
meeting was about and really glad I got
to do it I had to move on some stuff but
they're all so great and wonderful and I
loved it so um now we're heading to
doctors get stabbed by needles
I just had a little cute moment when I
was driving home I passed my mom on the
road which like never happens that I
later and we waved you know was a cute
moment also to things I miss will be
home number one he's my mother FM bar
because if you recall all the videos
that used to shoot in my dad's bar
it's like stacked to death yeah I'm
saying the other thing is why I need to
listen to like music bumping my speaker
system in my basement is deafening like
who can have a club here legit club so
we got these massive speakers here I've
got a yq5 mix and I'm going to join
these speakers to make sure bombs for
real would you like to hear how this
bumps I want share the whole mix I'll
show you a bit ready
I got stabbed several times I got three
shots two prescriptions and a lecture on
using sunscreen and mosquito repellent
where are we going I don't know where
we're not lost
yeah I'm pretty good with needles I'm a
scare for the last one hurt the last one
really really hurt a penny I have to
thing with malaria medication because I
took it once when I was younger and it
killed me no this is a whole place
different because this one came
dangerously the doctor said that like
with my arm might hurt my arm hurts so
much my arm physical weighs a hundred
pounds and it hurts so much I can't even
I can't even knows I came here dad oh my
god hurts so much
okay teams overruled me hug me
okay arm is better my mommy gave me
medicine but can we talk about how do
you super to the best in the world I
just saw this because hilarious team
super Dominican rep it says every team
super member ever voices I did show you
this video rises for your hilarious I
died laughing I ready okay good I'm
dying laughing thank you so much for
sending me this is hilarious I'm gonna
watch this 10 under dimes now that I've
watched that seven hundred times um some
cool stuff has happened with a girl up
we've partnered with shine text so
basically if you want to the girl up
Twitter you can text the word empower to
seven five nine eight five for daily
dose of girl love and you'll get text
messaged like these cool motivational
girl love is it's hard to explain go the
Twitter for at spread girl love if you
say the word empower so basically let me
just written it Jenica thought up go to
Twitter follow spread girl love and
those are exactly how to do it one ways
for international people add shine text
on Facebook Messenger and same power and
you'll get the message you can also text
if you're not international and the
first episode is out of stuff so you can
be texted relate to girl up it's very
very cool app all the information in
description I'm getting puberty I was
laughing so hard to video but I'm so
excited let me show you the first
episode was kind of kind of
what everyone it's a girl Lilly Singh
now if you don't meet you know I'm all
about promoting positivity and one loved
question that will be that amazing
moment when girls choose to empower and
support one another can be easy to say
sometimes and a lot harder to do when
you're feeling low insecure just plain
lost what I got you can try to focus on
the amazing unique qualities you possess
and give you tips helps share with
others not only will you be empowering
yourself but you'll be empowering those
around the hotel join the movement and
if you're looking to be even more
connected you can text the word empower
to seven five nine eight five four a
daily dose of guerrilla skills
remember you have to learn how to love
yourself and then from there everything
just flows to get these episodes just
texted to yours really dope not as
calling me hold on yeah not ironed the
vlog now she says hi this is a great
example my fans are tweeting me pictures
Wendy text and they get this is a text
message welcome to girl love and you get
like these things into your phone and
they're different themes like one little
bit of body image anyone will be like
hardest part a girl up and it's like a
really really cool a daily dose of girl
love straight to your phone when you
wake up in the morning is that awesome I
like it
ah you like it I like it I didn't I
didn't I didn't I didn't like I texted
it and it says thank you very came and
then I said welcome to girl that was so
proud of you for being all about
spreading love to make the universe
better time to get started what's your
name
I said Lily and I said whoohoo get
pumped in each week when a new girl
video comes out we'll send you an
awesomesauce tip Amerigo see the
unicorns everything women so I remember
last time I saw some of them probably
like the Toronto premiere of htu I legit
right
time oh my god is so excited going to
dance prank is it I want them so hard
our practice these guys are working away
hard I'm looking good everything's
looking great have a little bit of
corneal not too much because I want to
but what's not like performing my
emotions and issuance arrives very tired
right now it's to something I am I'm
very tired I'm very hungry I'm about to
Burger King in my bed and balls-deep I
can't walk the toilet I'm sorry I'm
gonna wash my face wonder nothing I'm
sorry I'm just killing as well so many
things are happening
by the way in yesterday's vlog everyone
was like how are you eating hotdog is a
vegetarian eating veggie dogs God
worship and also with the bomber Claire
is this I need to receive if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe your
mom your mom yeah I'm gonna tell about
this position not a person complaining
about the person you know no you can't
please nobody hired him and I have a big
name outside activity no no you can't -
people my book it's a loving blog
I can't you do the loving blog I'm
telling you just like left no it is just
knowing he comes for 15 minutes and then
just leave but if you're not capable of
doing it what if he watches this I
really don't care
