happy 600 dogs
okay the truth of what happened I've
logged yesterday I didn't do anything I
was so stressed I was like this really
bad six on this blog so I nixed that I
vetoed that I deleted that I was like
now my stakes kind of dog is gonna be
strong and powerful and fun and also
full of stress because today I'm
releasing voices the music video I've
been teasing for the past a little bit
but the editor wasn't completely able to
grasp what I wanted and so I'm basically
reading the transition so it's releasing
today I have so much work to do every
search for stock footage by it somehow
make it work with the Edit into
something I love because edit I got I
did not love I was like I don't love
this this is not telling my message I'm
very big about the message of the song
has a deep message and so that's when I
woke up early look like 9 I've been
working on it that was happening but
y'all 600 ads just let her blogs that
pancakes Lacey sorry rubs me several
hours later I have logged me didn't walk
dogs and a samosa a lot of things have
happened by our time from rap also I'm
still working on this damn Boyce's music
video and I'm join with my mouth Bell
brim sorry about that I'm still working
on this is a hot - mess I'm trying so
hard
buying a whole bunch of stock footage
not going to rant and rave but this is
why I'm a control freak because I get
the East done the way to ease need to be
getting done dozens of do but I hope you
like it
I think I've watched just so many times
I can tell this good or not any more so
I'm gonna release in a few hours and
might be horrible
might be great might be wearable I have
no idea but that's where I'm at right
now voices blowing says catsup can't
jeopardize up catsup or ketchup this is
me trying to look look I'm doing things
in my day I'm a good vlogger 600 blogs
turn up hey
boy I'm going to a place from going
crazy with only times I have opened
right now who talked mommy tabs Louise
tabs
mad damn tabs tabs with date tabs on
tabs on tackling a rap song more tabs so
got so many damn tabs right now mad tabs
tabs the destruction of my backyard by
the way my friends are distracting
everything my house is a complete
different color now also nothing
literally nothing not a single thing not
a minuscule thing with hello mom
come join me outside now the miniscule
thing is working with me today had to
edit this thing myself the Wi-Fi my
house sucks sucks
my dad's gonna get a new router while
he's gone I have no Wi-Fi so I have one
thing left to do in the video to finish
it and I know Wi-Fi right now literally
nothing is working with me
nothing nothing nothing this is a
brokenness where's okay no I 600 ABS
600 bags see you shine it now
kids walking by looking at me my mom was
laughing at me it was happiness in her
blogs you know what's up they know
what's up please honey a young your mom
your mom yeah I'm gonna call about this
position another person mom you can't
complain about the person you know no no
no you can't please nobody hire him and
I had this big name outside actually -
no no you can't - people my book it's a
loving blog I can't it is a loving blog
I'm telling you this is ha ha good with
love with love she's on a cloud
the police were hired just like left it
half done insufficient no it'll ease
just knowing he come for 15 minutes and
then just sleep but if you're not
capable of doing it what if he watches
this I really don't care
well you know what he was saying he was
saying that ow oh can we can my kids
meet your daughter
no he fix a yard fuzz no hope nobody can
be sure okay listen
mom yeah didn't create 600 blocks really
this one that you're quitting right now
oh I know that's good it's cool right
good your mom your mom your mom mom mom
oh come on mum your mum mum mum mum mum
mum mum mum mum mum mum in two minutes
I'm releasing voices I hear voices in my
ear okay I'm losing voices mom tell them
how they're working at this all day long
tell them tell my mom calling - you be
giving me food cutting me strawberries
give me food cuz you knows I'll just sit
here mom I'm Knoll I'll just sit here
not eat anything to get this done and
she knows that switch can put me if I
remember when really really old when I
can't cut strawberries answer she better
hit it mom - Oi
after tuna nice time at home okay boys
will coming out hang a pimple on the
side even things out cuz I don't under
Sun the other day there's two minutes
left
local two minutes it says look easy -
men - men - men - mice - mice - mice
where is the word such myths where say
too much to mess right there a woman
when I run into a corner and we voices
I've worked so hard on this and the
message I hope it comes through it
wasn't ideal but we'll talk about in a
second ah okay voice is a done
processing but I'm just waiting for to
hit the HD because right now is on 360
um someone released in like a couple
minutes let me explain to you the
meaning of what this because it's quite
spontaneous and random that I've decided
to do this new musical project haven't
done music and so long but basically the
meaning behind this video is it's a
really really deep meaning which is why
I was so passionate and adamant on it
being communicated properly
the idea behind voice is that we all
have voices in our head
it doesn't matter if you're a good
person bad person whether you make good
choices bad choices whether you're
compassionate whether you're selfish we
all have all the voices even I think
this was inspired by a lot of people
coming up to me and asking me like how
do you stay so positive or like how do
you maintain such a unicorn attitude and
people think I'm always happy they think
of my positive and I'm like you know
what I am a positive person that doesn't
mean I don't have negative voices even
most positive people have negative
voices even the best people on the
planet have evil voices and it's about
not denying the voices in your head
because we all have those voices but
truth strength lies in how you navigate
those voices what you do with those
voices true strengths is true strength
is having bad thoughts and evil voice in
your head and still doing the right
thing that's where true strength comes
from and I think with everything going
on in the world with all the wars and
all the politics and all the races and
all the sexism we really have to ask
ourself like how are we going to
navigate the voices in her head what
decisions will we make if you make bad
decisions and evil choices because you
have evil voices in your head that's not
a valid excuse you have to learn how to
control those voices we all have the
voices and they all contradict so in the
video you see me go from like super
there's five brooms in the video five
voices that are in my head I have
hundreds but I highlight five first one
is our super super cocky arrogant voice
the one we all have even though I don't
say these things I don't brag about
money
I don't brag about things but we have
those voices in our head so the first
one is super cocky and arrogant things
you'll never hear me say in real life
then we go and contradict that
completely and go into like this so what
if I have money and success like I am
all alone and what if I'm all alone
because of my success so you go into the
super vulnerable room from there I'm
feeling so insecure and we contrary
completely we go to the sexy room
another side of me you've probably never
seen where I'm very like yo I just want
someone to be next to me someone
touching someone holding me I get very
sexual in it and then from there cuz I'm
feeling myself all confident I go into
goofy like I'm not sexy at all just
goofball a beard on my face yeah areata
and then from there because I'm like I
don't care everything the world is
perfect we go into this socially aware
room or
oh wait how could I ever goof around and
think everything's okay when people are
dying around the world and these are
just an example five voices that
contradict in my mind at all times and
so the metaphor is a house the house is
my mind and the different rooms have the
different voices now why this was such a
struggle to do I know I'm renting but
the why I'm so passionate is what was
the such a struggle to do is because we
shot the rooms and I was told that the
transitions through the house we're
gonna be shot they were not so every bit
of footage you see that's not happening
in one of the rooms every door every
hallway every house everything was all
stock footage I'd to find and buy and
somehow edit and manipulate to make it
seem like these are rooms in a house
very difficult to do when you have no
control over the point engineer to find
it online so that's why it was so hard
super passionate about this I will be
performing this entire music video from
beginning to end at YouTube FanFest on
Saturday in Toronto and so I'm very
excited about it all and it's really
important to me it's not meant to sound
great I'm staying in some of stuff I
don't have a great singing voice it's
not meant just that that's not the point
it's not meant to be like sound good
music it's real and it's deep and those
are my authentic voices so I hope you
enjoy Boyce's I'll put a link to it in
the description
apparently voices are hard to process in
your mind and on YouTube because it's
been 25 minutes and it's still on 360p
I'm just waiting for it to go to higher
quality before I release because I don't
want to watch in 360 and it's not even
going to 480 so YouTube is just having a
serious problem right now and I'm just
like brah brah I not go to everything I
went through for you not to work right
now youtube I did not I ain't playing
with you I'm not playing with you did I
put a quarter in you I'm at an arcade no
I am NOT playing with right now the
world is conspiring against voices
I emailed YouTube I got responses
because I I wanted the office right now
muck you can tear the office you know
what because my voice is need to be
heard my voice and I'm eager right I'm
we uploading it again cuz I've been
sitting here for an hour waiting for try
upload and I hope it works cuz other
ones so suck up 36 you literally every
possible thing to stop you from
uploading this video every possible
thing and I'm just here like I will not
let you win you will hear my voice 600
bucks
my sis is out it's out it took three
hours to process I think it's because
the video is 4k and took three hours for
YouTube to process it but it's out Mike
it's so amusing because I purposely put
the cocky arrogant voice first because I
wanted people to prematurely comment and
the comment section is full of like your
sister mother friends hello and the
people replying to themselves being like
yo my bad I only watched a first minute
and commented too quickly but for the
most part is getting amazing feedback
and more than anything is making people
think a lot of the comments are really
unique I've never received comment like
this before that like yo this is making
me think about my life and that's
exactly what I wanted so I'm very happy
with this completely worth the 12 hours
of unexpected work it took today and the
stress and anxiety completely worth it
I'm very content also the lighting in
this room is very yellow I am a Simpson
come on come on come from Berber Adam
Trombly
tuck with Lily what is 600th blog I
really will say I'm getting comments on
this video that I've never received
before like very unique comments and I
 that i'ma go to bed cuz I'm so
exhausted
I'm gonna watch an episode of walking
dead because I deserve it
I deserve it I'm gonna watch one
tomorrow I have a meeting with my
Canadian book publishers so I'm meeting
with them downtown it feels so nice to
be able to tell you these things my book
publishers after that I have a doctor's
appointment and you get some shots for
Brazil and Kenya this is so disgusting I
feel bad that you look at this bill
these are my voices and then after that
I practiced downtown for YouTube FanFest
at which I will perform voices and other
things as that's going on thank you so
much for joining me on today I love you
so much thank you for all your support I
know a lot of you watch me because I do
comedy and when I try new things
I really appreciate your support it
means a lot to me so I love you if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
what up 600 blogs if you mean the number
one gone here are waiting for our blammo
you think it's an airplane right what is
it it's a dinosaur a dinosaur dinosaur
yeah oh man why give you the finger to
them put your finger down oh good
