whoo 7:00 a.m. in the morning
okay well now it's 8:00 when I woke up
at 7:00 for day two of releasing boughs
in Canada s kg Fiza
getting me ready today with this dope
dress to learn studios in the place got
smash mouth using that fine bitch
everybody here everybody it's really
early in the morning
um but had some Toomey's after so long
that Canada Kings don't those Canadian
things and I'm gonna get ready they made
me pretty then we're heading to square
one that's okay then we're heading to
square one in Mississauga to do my
second meet and greet and I heard people
were lighting up since yesterday so that
part that part you can confirm that that
part that part that part that part also
that part that part can you fix that
part okay alright these the vibes got a
cute hairstyle going on blend through
those I'll open the tin United minutes
Management Center fears and I got sqg
got mad appropriate dress finished wear
heels for second day in a row to a meet
and greet Who am I Who am I you are Lily
2.0 God not a happy man where you go
back to flip-flops and track plans in a
few hours
alright
go ahead oh my god like so freedoms of
them all singing square ones demolish I
like often
Oh
you know she like
I'm angry met so many of you lovelies I
love me you're so be so much you kids
everything so many gifts ah how you say
hello and cheese oh you oh but wait to
the 108's hello way to the boys hello
how are ya wait to the bone um yes go
through them right now thank you so much
you spoil me you spoil me look this girl
about so many girl Oh a lot of people
were commenting on girl love it like yo
we dig the girl laughs good start I dig
it I did Gina Rodriguez by the way just
treat amazing just that and just that
I'm just saying you start out them to
that masseur all right so we're heading
to my nephew's birthday I'm wearing this
dope blue shirt cause it's esta my mom
is very very serious about the pinata
she stops it for every birthday she's
very serious about the pinata um this is
actually the shirts I'm wearing on my
book chapters as well when moms yes -
sure my mom would want what mom what
your lips look very nice mom what are
you wearing
Wow that's right right
it means you the birthday boy the
birthday boy out of control man turning
up
he's infatuated cares not at all taken
one same thing or walk away that yeah
that's cool too
or just walk away yes I mean the number
one gone here are waiting for our bloom
you think it's an airplane right was it
if the dinosaurs a dinosaur yeah oh man
do I give you the finger to them good
and could you put the cake cutter
towards new generation
you're the party straight when we got
our own ice cream truck childhood
memories since time nothing you've heard
here first boom I'm on nothing toilet
talk with Lily oh man I fell asleep in
the car on the way home I got home I was
so damn tired but I had a deadline to
meet so I did work for the past two
hours but I got a lot of work done and
tomorrow I finally get to sleep in kind
of sort of maybe I stopped to set an
alarm I have to drop nada to the airport
at 11:00 but it's like only 1 or 2 right
now so I get like like nine ish hours I
can't do the math right now topic 9 is
10 ish hours of sleep I'm so excited
thank you for joining me on today
wonderful nephews birthday alembert's
when I was little your magician ice
cream truck all right yeah I like that
so but my birthday party windows are new
something weird yes it is
other than that Thank You Jenny when
today thank you everyone who came to
meet me I love you so much I'm so tired
I'm not I'm saying I'm gonna go now
I love you I see you tomorrow also one
thing I gotta say voices hashtag voices
come in Raza if you liked it subscribe
if you like it subscribe
I always come first things first it's my
area yes you say yes
what's that a second montage oh snap
