oops I'm back in Canada
I didn't vlog yes because I was on a
flight all day long with a back in
Canada back home in Toronto but I'm in
hotel but I went home last night hug my
mom she made me some veggie chicken
Carrie and had a great time my house
looks completely different after
renovations I went home and I was like
where the hell away but today I'm
launching my lipstick in Toronto one of
two meet in Greece got one today we've
got one tomorrow and of course because
much of my lipstick this happened you
see this thing on my face a second time
in a row I've had a boss of that and
there's a huge pimple on my lip so if
you see me today and you meet two people
that's because there's one person on my
face
let's get make a bed here we go you
don't forget this get to survive meeting
reached in for all my Smashbox events
I'm rocking Indian vibes I'm wearing a
kurta it's not another get the backer I
get the backhoe get the back no does not
matter all right we're on cortex was
like yo but my Indian vibes what's up
important what are you saying what's up
namaste sorry god Monica melodic um
Salam alaikum and it's back here I'm
saying also so today my PR is happening
at Frings in for those that don't know
Frings actually Drake's restaurant
that's my PR lunch is happening and what
do the damn thing right do then they'll
do that that'll do that name whoo so
just so you know whats cracka lackin
Anaya's here and Kyle's coming on the
10th cosmos a for fan fest all the
rehearsals fan fest are gonna start
really really soon after meeting me
today mmm you tomorrow I'm so excited
for fan fest over closing the show
Molson Canadian amphitheater it's pretty
much sold out with tickets for you but
if they open up some more you can check
back whatever saw such good energies
stumble party in my house why don't you
sell the unicorns the unicorn 3 to be
backup dancers obviously chasing a
choreograph nanoworld also as of right
now Mouse is available Sephora and
shoppers in Canada cause you know I got
my Canadian unicorns I've got your back
in America Sephora Ulta Macy's
Nordstrom's get on dough
check one check two check more check sue
sue sue hi
Hey
when you gotta go pee and your rings
right online check it out Oh
sticks get seems about right six guys so
I heard your elections are getting
pretty bad but up so I've got all my
introduced and now I am headed to Fort
Runyon Eglin check okay great that's
where headings for ax doing
meet-and-greets me all you love these
four there's a huge lineup and tomorrow
I'm in Mississauga apparently people are
already lining up with tomorrow or I
miss of it you are the best not good my
pimple pita Peters trying to make a with
no my lips stop Peter stop
it's my area a second montage oh snap
I love it
are you
beautiful no
that's door literally yourself family
you make the boys go crazy and fit in a
box of Smashbox hallelujah meter up
Lilly Singh do you think faster children
golden rings all these things
which people are trying to get me
pregnant
thank you
racism that's awesome thank you so much
all right me and Reid is done now I'm
headed to the store because I gotta get
a mic I brought my friend bring the
right wire so I could go buy a mic right
now to finish the recordings to send to
Utley so I could finish the music video
stuff and these we finished then I got
also a minor detail y'all are the cutest
Anthony and greet I've met the cutest
people and you all melt my heart and I
just can't
I'm over joyed and overwhelmed and
filled with love and all the best I love
you when you're so damn tired and you
just want to sleep when you forget this
exists on your back cut please the Wi-Fi
in my house sucks by the way I know my
egg release my socks yeah took me seven
years Rogers sucks we heard from the
source right here except I'm the source
right here I know I mean I mean great
there are so many cute kids that came
yeah I know so many myself picture they
were so cute I wish here we have a
another company with the better internet
yeah it sucks the amount of sleepy is
real it's like nah it's totally the time
is there's a huge hole in my pocket so
my phone it disappears and goes up my
peepee the time is 10:30 8 I'm gonna go
to sleep I don't give an F hydro but
you're just now recording the last
voiceovers in utero and throw my emails
I'm a little bit stressed with music
video because it's supposed to come up
Sunday / Monday and it's really really
enjoyed him behind and now boxer got
punched in the face of friendly
but that's the crack lagging I'm not
gonna think about it right now or wash
my face and go to sleep how to wait for
around 7:00 and then head to miss
for interviews meeting great I'm trying
to solve this issue right here but yeah
thank you for joining me today thank you
so much for everyone that waited in line
to meet me I love you all so much really
super exciting and tomorrow we can do it
all again and then tomorrow after the
meeting gree is also my nephew's first
birthday and it's a fiesta party so you
can join me on that adventure as well
but for now if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe I wish you could
feel it to the camera
you can because I feel lucky
