final day in Italy
kinda sorta right humble final yeah
we're leaving tomorrow morning pre-much
final day um today is their last day I
just said that sorry I'm really tired I
feel like on this vacation I mean less
sleep in normal life like I feel we get
four hours of sleep we used to go sleep
and get some good seats because it's
like a battle to get good seats up in
this conversational bus last day today
I'm gonna do some leisure ish
some swimming summer writing by the pool
some effing the unicorn floaties I need
to get all up in so Nashville's
crack-a-lackin' - I'm feeling fantastic
it shirt I'm like these dope things
recently I got there for you we didn't
want it I get it
that's absolutely not trainers anyone
you they gave me a look that didn't I
give you a look because that I bought
the spirit I know he did any action but
for himself fell bad and then said he
bought it for me I looked at your face
because you didn't communicate with
words I've interpreted I'm sorry do know
which star appliances I'm vlogging on my
channel is my second vlog channel gonna
be in Eric's I am i shy slowly she asked
me I'm sure I just want to share my
cameras my way of being polite I adore
her energy I wish you could feel it
through the camera you can because I
feel lucky I feel love and a good time
no we got to get to know each oh what I
should do is interview you oh I'm so
down for student magic yeah so Alicia
comes up to me she's like I just wanna
show like I'm so young like girls you
know how I am because I feel like I'm
weird as f and you're gonna be like
you're weird we're gonna have silly
competition yes
Oh down silly yeah
oh my god I mean also I'm gonna also a
moment oh my god no one she released the
song superwoman I died I know exactly
the music videos you haven't seen music
videos dope it's like powerful women and
then at the end oh my god she's playing
all them with them really the real women
in the end is like a magical story you
need to check it out if you ever checked
it out in fact up with a link in the
description for a super music video
because it's so dope okay we're gonna
buy the beginning of a new era here not
it's a beginning of a new era here nah
humble would you like to tell them
lazuli army I'm sorry
no I all that what does that was
happening locks options happening
location but Hummels not going to daily
vlog humble is not going boy what is I'm
going to do humble is going to
experiment with a format of video hmm so
I'm going to experiment before I notice
so humble I can tell you what he eats in
doesn't add a don't expect that you know
why cuz humbles mind is crazy I'm gonna
do some next age with this yeah when I
believe like 4 million subscribers
you're worried about blogging until then
I part of me sheesh pardon me does not
want humble to vlog oh that's my honest
I think I don't wanna blow I feel like
what part of humble soul will die she
vlogs if you're not interesting a little
humor that's very sweet of you that's
not true that's very sweet of you
alright let's go the water you know I
love I love the sound of water hitting
rocks and I love the visuals I think
it's so cool if I go to nature collides
but like gets along the same time it's
like we're gonna live in perfect harmony
together this is what we're gonna do
we're gonna do this multiple times today
and it's okay so we're meant to do Matt
oh look at that
at the rocky magirock to come down
speaking beautiful lives
yeah I love it Sicily
Oh this year in this very fortunate
position having Tom my life and Italy
hearing all these amazing people speak
one things want to talk about actually
what the hell is this what what happened
to my Jose why they think that's not
what I want to talk about but honestly
one thing I do want to talk about and
I'm sure this probably redundant you
probably heard me say before repetition
is a good indication fashion though so
I'm probably repeating myself but a lot
of the things we heard about in this
camp were like a lot of things going on
in the world you know what is the Middle
East weathers women's issues whether
it's AIDS HIV in Africa or around the
world quite frankly I just like I just
really want to emphasize and again I'm
one person but I still want to use my
voice because I know there's so many of
you out there watching that these privet
if you don't have AIDS like it's still
your problem you know even if you're not
a woman
woman's right are still your problem you
were not a human you were part of
humanity you know you are a human what
you're part of humanity protesting
bigger and it's so selfish and so
unacceptable for us to think that these
problems are affect us therefore there
are problems like we're all just kinda
together you know if you were on this
time together how can we do anything
think that how can I
be completely content knowing that like
just women around the world aren't
allowed to go to school and there's
people that are dying when their kids
from preventable diseases and like it
just it's not a it's not okay and I
don't want to say this to make us all
film negative you guys feel bad about
what we're doing and stuff but I'm
saying because there needs to be a
sensible ownership there 1,000% needs a
sense of ownership that I do it's also
our problem because that's then the only
way that we'll take care of think of a
solution so I'm going to throw that out
there to the world and do it what you
will with that information okay you know
how ordered a unicorn flow for the
apartment the exact when I ordered this
one
hey this one is the option this is kind
of me looking too fancy like nine I skip
colorful just the vibes this pool feels
so damn nice I haven't gotten it
properly I'm putting my feet in right
now I got my legs are so damn dry but if
it's open like tonight because basically
I my right to March the airport at 9:00
humbles at 6:00 there's no point seeping
so hopefully the pools open like 1 2 am
having dinner in the table set up
outside and on the beach I'm a beach
party and then if the pools open I'm
gonna like go for a night swim
hey down homes else % no one's divides I
got this outfit in forever 21 in Mumbai
and for town wearing it I'm very excited
I'm taking a clutch cuz has no pockets
closed with no pockets I don't
understand you but uh new vibes and I'm
pretty sure if I stick my butt cheek
will show so sounds like control the
situation I let go
no cry
no one died
we're heading to the beach I'm going to
change it's a bit chilly but come dope
this benefits not only absolutely
beautiful then I don't know what is I'm
gonna put some pants on it doesn't have
a bit by mosquitos and my frigging
shorts keep riding on my butthole
so that's what's going on look at this
my it's so amazing so amazing guys
please come on take our point level five
millions are off can you imagine what it
my monitors have died so it's all a my
voice is on I'm sorry I'm tired we just
we're out there on that boat that you
see in the distance on that ginormous
yacht and we chilled their forbidden our
back I don't know what my life is I'm
freezing and I take a shower but it's
amazing oh man I'm an old person hello
I'm an old person on that person on a
yacht that's like you know I'm gonna go
to bed I know I've done such a little
sleep on this trip and I thought I was
gonna be a vacation where my home is
sleeping it was dope and I regret
nothing but very little sleep because
the conversations were so early the
morning lost my voice as per usual cuz
I'm of Hansy if I was rich I wanted a
hot shower so so cold on the boat but
was like beautiful like it was like two
times as my house um and I mean my
husband like Toronto not my apartment
that's like 20 30 times as my apartment
was crazy such a dope day so many things
happened if you check her on Instagram I
didn't I didn't talk about it because
like I just I needed to process it but
if you check out my Instagram I met
Malala and I got to hear a talk and it
was just no words not like nothing I say
right now tell you what that meant to me
because I think she's phenomenal and
strong and so courageous and just again
which was talking I was like sweating
and you know how I'm always cold I was
sweating at goose bumps at the same time
I'm just like oh my god and I was
talking to her I was just telling her
about girl love and I was just like you
ever need anything dude how that you go
because like I boot support 1000% so so
so so dope
and I already go really really hard
shower take off his makeup and I talk to
you soon
yoyoyo I'm gonna get to bed I just
finished packing I over pack so damn
much after was like sitting jump-ball my
suitcase to close it I am starving every
evening so long and is nothing I can do
about it someone go to bed before that
feeling that's even greater thank you so
much for joining me on my day last day
in Italy I am leaving for the airport in
a few hours flying back to Toronto
here's a disaster um yeah this was
amazing I don't even think I'll hit Mia
I think tomorrow is good well happen oh
my god lolly lolly why but yeah it's why
I was wrong
I'm glad you with me and I'm really
tired so what ends long
I love you Simon love you love you so
much I know you guys probably think I'm
drunk I'm like I'm not even close to
drunk I'm just so damn tired if he's
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
it's the dilemma right there's two
mirrors one to the washroom but humbles
taking a shower the other one is here
and ladies and men we make up you feel
me right this is an unequal light
situation you see what I mean half my
face will be different the other half so
I feel uncomfortable do my makeup here I
can't do it so like we're running a
little late but I might just have to
wait for the washroom I know this is
like a huge lemon you're super stressed
about so am I so am I so I don't know is
gonna happen I stay tuned
will I be two-faced or well I look like
a normal human being let's see
