Buon Giorno
doesn't mean hello or welcome not
Luscher good morning from Italy it is
8:15 a.m. I woke up with no prompts the
good thing is right in the mornings I
wake up no problem cuz my jet lag is
like you should be up anyways and like
an hour from now I'm annoyed but this is
the vibe it just does a pretty sporty
today I'm gonna do my make up a
difficult this is the dilemma right
there's two mirrors one to the washroom
but humbles taking a shower the other
one is here and ladies and men will do
makeup you feel me right this is an
unequal light situation you see what I
mean half my face will be dipped in the
other half so I feel uncomfortable do my
makeup here I can't do it so like we're
running a little late but I might just
have to wait for the washroom I know
this is like a huge lemon you're super
stressed about so am I so my so I don't
know it can happen I stay tuned
will I be two-faced or well I look like
a normal human being let's see we got
dope seats today we woke up early
but Papa nobody's talked in this room
and we have no I think it's kind of cool
we have no idea stalking second eye
surprise
Oh dope day I I'm not going to tell you
all that happened because it's just we
lived it in the moment you know what it
was you know how I as somebody who grew
up before the internet I feel a little
bit like the internet came out when I
was in high school I always thought I
wasn't that guy who had the urge to like
oh he's a Corsa some of the stuff so
dope that even I wanted to and then I
think the only thing that stopped me
wasn't like being smart or just
realizing that my camera can't even
capture what's happening
those are sure I tell you from day one
I'm not gonna tell you about all the
things that are happening here in terms
like all the conversations just can't be
relived and it's just for it's for me
it's to live here but like there's so
many dope people here and some you dope
things are happening and it's just
really cool I feel like this experience
gonna make me so much better at so many
things in my life and for you know that
should be moments that are just so dope
that pulling up nothing will look cool
to the camera in comparison to you just
yet another thing making better eyes
when I see dope scenery I'm like my own
tragic picture of that so knock it's not
no it's only gonna look good here right
here in my eyes
and you can legitimately Google image
all this cell to find better pictures
yeah exactly but at the mall story is
this is dope everything's going great we
have a little bit of a break now I'm
going to try my best to make a video
because I am I going yet yesterday and
we do a little bit of work and then we
have dinner
some sort of festival type thing that's
really cool has my hair been sticking
out like this the whole time you didn't
tell me that
everybody was secret they're talking
about it there was judging you there was
actually a side conversation it was
called a conversation a conversation
lolly all right so it's Tuesday I'm
gonna make a video and what I want to do
is it's actually locked out a comedy
video I'm making one of my motivational
videos so I'm just feeling really
inspired by everything I've been
learning here so it's been you call five
reasons you will succeed but I want it
I'm like a - amazing scenary I want to
go down there by the water and shoot it
we're trying to make a tripod out of
nature we're gonna bike over there with
a camera and stuff and see if we can set
up some sort of system where I can
record a rant over there let's do it oh
right so we trekked all the way here I'm
shot this video humble was a dope friend
and I took my tripod might be was shaky
but he was sitting on a rock so I think
it's uh more than okay
oh we shot here I hope you like it it's
different for the rest of my videos it
was legitimately with me just speaking
from being inspired and not just going
out of my way to be funny just speaking
from my heart so it's really fun to make
in that sense um oh yeah beautiful swear
he is and he's go at it now
yo yo yo he's heading to this dinner I
don't know what to expect is like a
remake of festivals my vibes mad like
which time are you oh my god like I like
a you I don't care I have no fashion
sense I'm too cool for that and stuff I
have no I have clothes here but they're
so fancy and curly and I'm like yeah you
know Lego but this kind of handsome
Oh what am i named Daisy oh snap we're
in an amazing place and these are just
born this week
oh my god no that's hot
oh my god oh my god I love it look where
we are we're in this dope
Oh
Oh
right there
I'm his wife
okay wait birthday girl
hello look at that nazar look at that
lizard go ah camouflaging into the wall
just biked back it's like 1 a.m. or
something like that super dope I met
Carly cause she's a friggin sweetheart
and it was her birthday and we celebrate
her birthday and I got a editor release
video right now so take the cheat card
out of my bra think this happen and
we're gonna go wake up so super early so
let's get to work to tumble leave the
a/c on for nine today was yet another
mad surreal day I just watching these
beautiful fireworks friggin getting
chilly no Charlize she's friggin amazing
and phenomenal getting to celebrate
Carly's birthday but they're just
everything so dope like just really
really friggin dope um really really
cool I feel very blessed and very
grateful and we're only here for about
two more days actually it's just third
no taste there's just tomorrow I believe
and then contrato for YouTube FanFest
and for my Smashbox events that I am
doing so exciting things are happening
thank you so much for joining me on my
day up you had a wonderful splendid day
I'm hoping to my video no it's really
super different and admittedly I didn't
have the most amount of time to make it
but I meant all those things I'm
speaking from my heart so yeah I will
see you again tomorrow they'll be long
time if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
thank you today is so inspirational and
for some motorcycle insurance I don't
sure the hell
bumbaclot we invented jump very return
to your pants
