I'm back home hmm
what's up it's not even close to the
morning it's not even close the time
right name went to the timer's right now
the time was guess with the times right
now it's 6 o'clock p.m. ok I landed at
like 10 a.m. 11 a.m. got home alleys
here he's taking a nap right now I'm
trying to clean up my room because this
is disastrous right now I can't I have
so much work to do and I can't do it
unless I have a clean situation will
clean my room take a shower because I
think I kind of smell your name here not
a plane some like that and then we got
some work to do we got some work to do I
do a self take for an audition that hump
is gonna help me out with and I which
it's one of the hardest day since we've
ever moved here it's like the hottest
day ever
also a new router just in time so my
wife I won't suck any more cuz right now
my Wi-Fi sucks mine s is going on
tonight Fallon is there and so we're
gonna watch Fallon and I'm like nervous
cuz I'm like my biggest critic and I'm
gonna watch and I'm like oh my god why
am i walking like that why my breathing
like that why am I sitting like that
what is what is wrong with me but that
means the announcement is gonna be
announced and we're gonna be in it
together and watch it together and even
though we're announcing it I'm gonna
like tweet about the announcement after
there's like not too much because I
actually have a video on Monday
releasing on my channel this is the
official announcement on my channel
that's the shoot I got all like bruised
and battered for I actually have a huge
bruise in my leg right now even still so
those are things that's happening to be
productive great day after done cleaning
and you always had I may even jump in
the pool or something kinda pretending
like I can do leisure stuff maybe
actually stay tuned what I look I can do
anything I'm wild I'm a daredevil Mia
yeah I make my own choices and stuff
okay I'm gonna clean my room apparently
Shay's national taco day and so we just
had tapas by the pool from our building
and I didn't take my vlogging camera so
if I didn't vlogging the tacos at the
tacos you like 18 yes yes they did
okay I'm noticing when when I first
moved here I'm like oh yeah there's so
much space for my shoes I have a problem
because and I'm just mad first little
problem so if I sound like I'm bragging
or cocky but just like a real problem
right now because look how many shoes I
have like I don't know where to put the
shoes I need to like I think create a
shelf system here to bounce this or
space or something and then there's
these as well like I don't I have a prom
I need to slap across please slap me
slap me slap me whoo Oh whoo cases 20
minutes until fallon eras on the east
coast which means la familia and friends
watching it in Toronto hopefully I mean
I might not be no no that might be but s
going on some tweeting I wasn't trying
to memorize lines for a audition right
now as well a lot of multitasking
happening that feeling kind of sleepy
but no but no oh my hungry did we eat we
had tacos right but they were small that
doesn't count you call it food in pre
dinner it was a pre-dinner we did over
go reading it right so that I saw a
completely Valvano hungry then I always
have a check with someone else mike is
it is it are you hyung is it I always do
that like am i weird for being on are
you also on because if you're hungry
then that's completely normal but if I'm
only hungry then my cow like I'm happy
cow Oh anything on my gown on my mam is
my nervous rambling because I'm nervous
because you're me on in there in 20
minutes I don't know what he's also here
buck so guys I didn't watch it live
because I'm gonna watch it with the West
Coast but the big announcement is a book
which I went to dying to tell you my
song oh my god you know how many times
I've been sitting here writing you know
because I was writing this book upstairs
wearing on it let me tell you about it
and I know a lot of other youtubers have
books that I don't know if this is a big
announcement for you or not but it's a
big deal for me because I've wanted to
write a book for so long and everyone's
always been asked me to write a book but
I didn't want to write a book until I
had something to say I didn't want you
to write a book for the sake of writing
a book and this or sell it because I
wanted to merge or anything no I want to
wait I had something to say and I do
feel passionate about what I'm saying in
this book it's called how to be a boss
and it's a guide to not only surviving
life but to conquer it and it's a guide
book based off my life experiences and
things I've learned on how to be happy
how to succeed how to communicate well
how to make great first impressions how
to hustle harder all the things I do
when I have my work ethic at a hundred
is basically in this book and I'm
working super harder than oh sorry I'm
not going to show you I take you along
the journey
I'm so excited that my Miranda came up
just now I'm so excited
if you're gonna watch it watching it is
happening Sims here comes your role here
I'm nervous I want to watch it anymore
turn off no not after all that oh yeah
Simon's first in that it's on that time
and also he's really really nice very
warm smile okay look a bond with them
every time they're like feel like he's
like you wouldn't you from you in your
videos but whatever why is it that's one
of my goals Madame Lee was literally
whenever you want
there's no cool of them Lilly Singh is
dropping
your parents
a dying of fringing inside I die this is
the stress department like don't follow
deals like don't fall don't fall
you sound crazy
what was you doing you dang linking the
drinking I'm drinking too much I try to
learn you know
yeah thank you thank your I say she's
happy now cuz I think I can hack this
all the cause and we believe but it's to
tackle the cycle through hate which I
feel is so hard don't stay on the
generation right now and so the I do not
know love is to make it cool to
compliment other women build them up as
oppose this idea
so the girl Lola and I been announced on
Marsha which is kind of a Chinese I
didn't talk to you about this okay well
we will do is for a long time at my arms
what's this announcement I'm so excited
to find out that I am officially
releasing my first book
call happy about ya have it be a box
about shop no boss no cuz bosses be OSS
aw this is be aw SP so not too long at
work someone in the personal life with
their relationships how huge a how we do
accomplish someone visit to survivable
conference like I said I would prefer
stack all of my generation police's work
easily validated you know in all social
media there's a cute tumblr quote has
perceptual and like okay we'll just
bring my dreams and I'm like no I want
to bring back the art with working hard
barn burning deck deck deck
sure you sick you Hilda not even kidding
you were so comfortable the lily I saw
there's a lily I know you know you're
not you weren't trying to be you being
yourself
okay I was sweating so much right out
you know this kid's gonna come Jimmy
seen actually wrote the skit which was
really awesome I think was really really
well done and so hopefully it would like
that thank you so much all of you for
tweeting symchay your phone so you phone
Jake on y'all got this trending trending
and yes thank you so much while you're
tweeting another support like I really
feel like you're all holding my hand
through this because I'm sweating to
death right now and you all been
tweeting your support and it's been
trending like for so many hours
thank you really and just to gether we
love you guys but now I need to finish
writing the book it's gonna be an
emotional toilet I talk the emotional
told you I don't wanna pee in the soapy
water in the toilet because I'm gonna be
crying everywhere oh yeah
I know this gets coming this gets really
cool because it's all the characters in
one shot well it's like my Jeevan bunny
be the same shot so it's really cool
time is 2:30 9 a.m. I just finished
doing a self tape for an audition
editing that but to send that I think I
might go to sleep soonish because I'm
really tired I didn't sleep my I landed
as I slept on the plane and came
straight so all the sleep I got last
night is on the plane but first let me
show you I like to show you one hole a
hole at all and there's still one thing
I hide from you and that's the potential
cover so the one thing I haven't
revealed is the cover for my book
because it's not finalized but you'll
see it soon redness is finalized but
this is the stuff I wasn't able to show
you that's been sitting here all the
chapter all the stuff from the thing I
got in my hand is because of smashing
this thing these are all chapter
pictures there's so many of them
so that's all there and I can show you
like my chapter notes here on my desk
and this boss right here or my book
stuff goes and it's just like I can
share it all with you so excited just
give me a light yeah yeah just give me
love so be prepared to learn how to be a
boss it's a year almost pretty much a
year in the making March it comes out
March 28th I chose March 28th because it
need to be in March and I chose 28th
because I'll be 28 years old when the
book comes out so that's the logic you
can pre-order my book right now I know
it's a long time in advance but if you
preorder it you can do that Lilly Singh
book calm spread the word of them really
excited I'm and I'm just gonna throw it
out there let's just have some real real
every time I tell someone I'm writing a
book they're like yo are you writing it
yourself or getting ghostwriter no I
have nothing against people who don't
write their books and get ghost writers
no judgement but I am completely writing
my book myself every idea and concept
and word will be from me of course I
have an editor that's gonna help me like
you know do make grammatical sense but
I'm completely writing the whole book
myself every single bit of the book is
authentically me the chapter break down
their creative behind all these images
the color background colors everything
was picked by me so um
just know that it's really gonna be
authentically from me and I'm really
excited about it I'm really this is a
big deal I'm so excited about it
I know I've kind of been rambling and
saying the same thing over and over
again this vlog but it really does mean
a lot to me and I'm gonna work a really
super friggin hard to make this the best
book that ever existed because I want it
to genuinely help people be a boss you
know it's not much it's not something
cool to just own I want it to make a
difference in people's lives and so
that's with that intention as how I'm
writing it so definite taqwa lele here
my hair's been up for so long take it
take it out won't fall in the toilet
cause of toilets closed or else I would
never do this but I'm not crazy um thank
you for joining me on today what an
exciting day tomorrow is a work day
honestly I says every time I should stop
saying that
but tomorrow alena are working on some
dope stuff basically the music we're
working on is the music I'm gonna be
performing at fan fest in Toronto it's
we're all brand new stuff so really
excited about it's really deep
meaningful music project that I came up
with and this whole month is just unlike
my creatives coming to life and it's
been very refreshing and nice Monday's
video super Monday's videos gonna be at
my official book promo it's intense
is what I'm gonna say and I I was in the
final product yeah but what I've seen so
far like it's deep and I like it it's
really really really cool and that was
the were like the heart is you do
so that's coming out on Monday but as
for now I'm going to bed
thank you oh my god I describe myself
thank you for joining me another dude
now that you know that Jimmy knows the
team super handshake y'all gotta learn
it cuz he's pretty much nailing it if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe subscribe alright hope your
man's left now I'm kind of getting
nervous but I'm still gonna be myself
I'm just gonna be myself I have nothing
prepared except for my big announcement
that you're gonna hear about um well I'm
that yeah I just me myself and Simon
Cowell was the other guest so it's kind
of cool cool episode and run this
together here we go with a little thank
you
oops
