I'm about to deliver a few gifts not all
but a few gifts to my teeth is what they
look like today with a little chilly
when I woke up and I was like warmed up
I am feeling energetic today I know what
it is sky is blue it rained yesterday in
LA so now the skies are like eat me and
it's just such a beautiful day we're
gonna be so good for today
I got a go-ahead to an interview I can't
deliver some gifts to my team I can't
wait to show you this I got so much
merch in my house I need to deal with I
have to write a scrip for my shirt on
Bryce I'm probably gonna get my period
today
hey men's Grayson I never watch my
nightly movie and just in case your same
day like you're watching Idol a shared
what do you think let me tell you what
you should do to motivation make it some
motivational music mmm thank you you get
a little digging yet here to really
emphasize on myself you have 24 hours
that you're not gonna get back ever
again so you can watch me and have fun
that's fine you can maybe even click the
ads but the point is that you should
make your own to do it and you should
get up after this long and you should do
all the things you said you're gonna do
what you didn't do all the things you're
gonna do eventually with today today's a
day to work hard and make your dreams a
reality because we don't just dream
foundry we work for our feet if I can do
it you can do it we're on the same team
teams who are you ready to hustle give a
point that now so I'm wearing this cute
outfit it's kind of I'm kind of I'm kind
of I'm a cute thank you I like their
person I'm about to deliver a few gifts
not all but a few gifts to my teens is
what they look like ooh ah so a dud let
me show you what's in one of the boxes
son Michelle you don't care though so we
got yours Queen Carolyn is box
handwritten card because I'm about that
vibe we gotta lose snap summer you guys
are all cool that you got a girl look
sweater also and party hustle harder
sweater I know what you're thinking how
does those Bissell stuck up she's gonna
people are emerging yes but also and I
thought adult coloring book with swear
words in it that's the word that it
and really sector things with coloring
book and then popcorn and skittle and
all the things Merry Christmas
all right we are off to deliver gifts
like Santa and we know elf hat so Santa
and Santa multicultural Santa's he made
a good point where mrs. and mrs. Claus
inclusion Love Wins Joe we should stop
into a basic hall photo shoot with the
gifts
she's like let me just take this gift
and kick you out of my office as quick
as I possibly could
yo what's up set the camera on this
thing that I walked in as if like
someone's recording me but really you're
just on tripod Chile today but we
delivered the gifts it went great and
now I'm gonna work on some scripts and
some emails and all of those things
because the hustle no step boom did kind
of some work I didn't do scripts where
the problem let me tell what the promise
before it's that if it's not last-minute
I don't have that pressure forces me to
be creative so that was like advanced
I'm like I stopped tomorrow to write a
script I'm like no producer I'll try and
total my thumbs but one of my thumbs is
all done Wednesday I tried to that every
single week on Wednesday this is what
was it was from Malala yousafzai's well
you know I adore but every week I'm
trying to a woman crush Wednesday
because I'm like yo girl love I want to
promote that love come on below if you
think that I should be showing some love
to a particular girl you find
inspirational let me know I hear some
fun happening downstairs happening oh
you guys play killer I actually haven't
given much to yet you got merch before
Taylor
don't be so humble don't be him I did
not shoot me what what we got super
answer in the bottle Oh fire all of a
sudden you're trapped no I suspect it
like a bottle what that feels smart and
in the words of MJ it's don't matter a
bit go white bottle what was that you're
don't be our war round oh my god yo my
man team super ducky Bob we hustle
harder what does that mean we force our
friends to model things like this you
know today is Wednesday which means
woman crush Wednesday with me is all
about winning by her fire yo you
shouldn't ask me help you get a better
program Lilly Singh Kham help you gone
up working I'm done this is a blog
Channel okay productions not that
serious
I would like to update my previous waste
you comments I actually didn't finish
writing just Chris but I have both
script thoughts starters so I'm in a
good place to start scripting tomorrow
but I have the ideas I'm saying this is
I felt guilty about not doing this oh I
haven't we're good with that and today
we're gonna watch a movie and it is
Taylor's choice no pressure you let us
in the wrong direction babadook they did
not like the babadook
yeah it's all you know pressure don't
turn red so Taylor's movie choice is at
a patient we're gonna watch and we'll
give you a very detailed educated
reviews damn bye I know your whole day
depends on his information mm-hmm
okay so I'm good into that movie wasn't
for me wasn't my type of thing but it's
okay if you watch movies
I just want to learn something I learned
something that is not particularly for
me but everyone else enjoyed it so it's
great I also want to say like this vlog
I know a lot of it there's a big section
I spontaneously thought of it I want to
talk to you about it why am i explaining
why I'm saying things my vlogging say
whatever was me doing merge stuff and
actually want to genuinely tell y'all
let me put you on the mirror for a
second now I can with my hands Oh
mascara everywhere I understand a big
chunk of this vlog was merge stuff and I
genuinely want to tell you it's not even
so much to promo I know I'm losing vodka
I genuinely you know it is it's and I
probably shouldn't say this but I'm
gonna say it anyways cuz I'm gonna be
honest I actually don't care about the
sales of the merch I made really
honestly I am in a really fortunate
place where I don't need to worry about
the sales of my merch and so really why
I talk about my merch in my vlogs was
like home and I'm showing a different
boys wearing it honestly I'm just really
proud of it I'm really excited by it
it's a new venture and that merch for so
long I'm excited by the photoshoots and
the styles and the new products I'm
working on I'm just really excited
that's why I keep talking about so
please don't watch my vlog and see me
promoting words and be like all those
talks but she wasn't like I don't care
about the sales I'll put that into the
universe also also also if you don't
follow me on Instagram did you see did
you see this thing I Instagram I was a
question on Who Wants to Be a
Millionaire here's a screenshot loke
wish my name was a lil bub but also this
is one of the coolest things ever
happened to me I was like so awesome I'm
so honored and grateful and all that
stuff but you'll see how we did today
hmm
toilet Lily thanks for joining us today
today when you watch this at the super
Thursday and my parents are reacting to
motorsport
and put that thing on sport mode for his
low sleepy look up start words are 2p3
the last JD oh snap stay to Monday's
buggies back at it again and tell them
who make sure you subscribe good just do
my main channel with the other finishers
describe activities every Monday there's
an air mail wrong vailable vlogging is
hard if you think it subscribe if you
like it that's guys you know all this
stuff goes if you want check out my last
long as their main channels in the
description all things subscribe
genuinely if you like these logs um
doesn't is all time but I feel like you
of me maybe I'm not listening if you
want to subscribe subscribe if you don't
don't but like your if you're
interesting if you watch the videos but
you're not subscribed I would just love
to know why I don't care if you do it oh
I just love to know why come below let's
talk
