good morning New York
we are headed to the studios who should
escape with Jimmy Fallon it's gonna be
dope I'm excited about it
and it's always interesting and exciting
and terrifying to my parents for other
people so they're a great learning
spritz although kind of gotten used to
it but it can be done and of course I
guess much sleep as I shared up why cuz
walking dead because I'm a waste you
because I make it responsible decisions
but it's all good okay I'm still looking
kind cute when they gonna touch me up
when I get their selves oh good but
today we're shooting the skit coming
back doing my hair and makeup and I'm
going to shoot the show which will air
tomorrow
whoo-hoo cool that's what's up do you
remember this room okay
mad memories also when Jimmy walks in
and does it to you super handshake we
practice it it's a thing all right
that's gonna hair makeup tweaking for
Bunji Bunji and bottom cute face big
taking off the Edie and like the correct
grammar and just like scratching it out
it's a work of art I just cut my nails
though call mine oh my gosh
this is like a midterm Potter those damn
know where you come back to the show you
like a manicure yeah let me give you a
little bit of my fashion sense here
again why I'm a failed at all aspects of
my life so we're pulling out the
costumes bungee then when do you think
barb is so why'd you tell walk us
through how I was walking through
getting the costumes we're gonna see
them getting ready for the sketch and I
pull out this little wristlet and I go
oh my gosh this is such a funny Prague
that lily has for her mother this is so
great and so I was laughing about it and
then no that's Lily's and so I was like
oh it's cute that's how crusty my
wristlet is where she thought it was
somebody read Oh says God and I'm still
about it I'm like I'm going from the
food okay open whoo
this is what it should look like yes I
could have anything yet exactly yeah
Connecticut's all like unless maybe if
you just zero then you can see them
you'll see them I mean yeah and you
don't want to
whoo ah you put my empty dick look at
them look at them in New York so it's
like a that's like a classy - oh I just
the cameras touch me
that's a classy ting and now we're gonna
change here you are my swing set little
vibes
not my dress and this is what I look
like
yo yo yo and I'm a try but stop by use
of show after this look I taping in the
show do start the same time so I know if
I wail - but I realize we're in the same
hotel
he sings exact same Motel I am so
good-looking all this right now I'm not
as like I don't really nervous I don't
know if it's a bad thing I'm not really
nervous and also like I haven't really
practiced much it ever the first time
cuz I feel like I'm just gonna go
through me myself I don't know I someone
do everybody all of the hold when I
introduce it to my lawyer this is Anita
hello she deals with all my nonsense
when ie more what everything I keep Lily
out of jail yes that's pretty much it is
this true I message all the time in so
can i completely rip off this song and
use it and even with like no no you
could not it no could you explain why
because I am another thing my my
reasonings I was like but I'm a good
person like I'm a good person can they
need exist when I tell her how good
people still go to jail so falling down
here Anita jail don't double hand emoji
for Anita hold an alpha team super any
of the cute shoes I like it I like it
and then the crosses here
hi identifiers Izu
I also keep you out of jail sometimes
you suggested things that might put me
in today to be honest quality content is
a gorgeous bit its bearded was it this
layers
I don't stuff today yeah like
three-quarters of it yeah
anybody cut um the three of you at once
Oh today better be done they match three
of you are cool what's up all right how
do you do what this result all right
hope your man's left now I'm kind of
getting nervous but I'm gonna be myself
I'm just to be myself I have nothing
prepared except for my big announcement
that you're gonna hear about um well
then that yeah I just need myself and
Simon Cowell was the other guests so
it's kind of cool cool episode and worn
this together here we go wait a little
thank you
sup guys spycam here
this is what it's really like we just
sit around wait for Lily all the time
still waiting female sound peace
blessing cuz he's just a guy it's like
he feels you up and touches you and like
melt I love you not intentionally it's
like to get the Michael go to so much
more comfort when it's a girl doing it
it's like yes cuz I'm guys come to the
moon work you I mean it sounds you know
you've gone button doesn't like okay
nice dress I appreciate ur appreciate
this ruble of dad we're spring that was
that pasta he's the bestest beer I'm so
comforted in such as oh all right so I'm
signing Jimmy's book but I signed it
from when Jeep saying you who Lyman what
do you think he's be funnier and I'm
singing one of my favorite people which
is genuinely true true he's like one of
my favorite people are perfect he's so
anytime nervous he's so comfortable in
gear on global I'm talking to you slap
or importantly yeah you're sure how many
things we've had two eyes six months I
went to New York I met almost meeting if
I tell you about it and you have watched
Alan tonight
hashtag Leon Fallon to find out what the
announcement is and it's dope and I
think you'll like it and then stop Lily
on Fallon really are methyls coming on
tonight Fridays retiring no time
actually more to come after we google it
check out your twit
Lily on Fallon is gonna be Joe I think
it went really well anyone home they
went so well Thomas Thomas it was good
way better than last time I think so and
last time I thought it was pretty good I
felt like he was nervous around you this
today what one year in a while
well you know you know like trying to
segue into like a bit and he was like uh
yeah so I read your meter phrase he's so
sweet and hopefully I love him
yeah you have to watch that find what
the announcement is little fellas
- I knew about Li ll y ll Y Efron okay
alright so now we're at you such a Roman
show and she'll start a bit late so it's
perfect cuz go ables catch some of it
we're about to sneak into the stage
Shore because Uncle John also does a V
for useless show just amazing you know I
love Uncle John's you hope this is rough
I'm still wearing heels so
not everything is perfect but we're
getting there would you want dancing
thank you
Wow Brahman hey guys I've never met
before
that aftershow life where he was at
every red light oh thank you
I think she went to college Oh oh no no
she said you girl I swear she said you
call her you oh she's hitting on me okay
yeah yeah every red light grungy here
but watch your feet please no all right
so just got back to him leave through
his half making videos I'm going to try
to do that but I also learned how
Pokemon hunting cuz we're in times where
it's a mad Pokemon here you mad Pokemon
so I'm gonna see if I can make a video
get some food and then make it happen
you killed a walking kruky so the time
is 1244 I'm working on my video I have a
video idea I'm kind of working on it
still to see if it's funny or not it's
right now called why I'm terrified to
watch TV shows kind of on the idea of
how like I get obsessed and addicted
addicted so that's why I'm currently
working on but I'm still trying to
figure it out and what I didn't order
more got DeRose okay if you guys Punk me
the comments it's got a party rolls out
as Kathy Rowe Scotty I don't know I
don't know understand okay Kathy wolf
Scott DeVos I don't know I'm a bad
Indian person
oh man it's 211 I'm so damn tired but I
wrote a video I'm not I'm not really
sure if it's funny I tried my best I
think it's kind of funny but I'm too
tired to tell I think it's funny but I
don't know you know today's it's been a
while since I have written and recorded
and released a video on the same day
because the corner video was done in
advance the Dwain video was done in
advance the Tila cloud was done in
advance so I'm planning a bit hard to
enter the groove but I'm gonna try my
best and make this thing happen and I go
to sleep oh it is 3:40 a.m. and I just
was uploading right now for 30 more
minutes so I'm gonna do the responsible
thing and go Pokemon I'm diggin Times
Square Lego
Times Square is a lit what pokemon bowl
it catch a matter Pokemon at 4 a.m.
times poor living my best life or enough
videos uploading whisper that gorgeous
Club Yi or 128 see Peter got a one-shot
kill the game did people have mad like
spellers over there as you can see here
times course that's what we're headed
just living my best life right here
about Pokemon the other punching man I
get back after catching mad Pokemon it
is right and then my views upload I
release it all happy and ting and
there's the editing error a space of
black so I'm doing the whole thing over
again I'm uploading it again do the
whole thing it's 5 a.m.
why why why why why why why
leaving for the airport at 7 also ollie
I'm flying him to LA he's gonna be there
when I land and we gonna make some dope
yesh
you shut your bloody face ok make some
dobisch Oh 7:45 a.m. here to the airport
Kelly Tanaka
watch one episode of Walking Dead
purposely got my Kobalt creepy doesn't
matter how long come from the plane is
my yard
goodbye you're always an adventure
I'll see have mad dog pokemons are not
matter bane I mean honestly have no
shame walking around a huge stain on my
shirt
hunger Hunter hunter burger yo I'm gonna
end the vlog here thank you for joining
me this amazing crazy day so freaking
good feel free my ring well hopefully
hopefully I watch it tomorrow today and
I think I did well because I was not
critical of myself but I think I would
well Jimmy I just I'm bigger on Jimmy
it's good energy and it's awesome I call
on Pokemon it's all good day well yeah
I'll see you in a little bit many times
if not I'm saying if you being a fly
Oh
