oops I'm in New York
ya know yeah I know you're like where
the hell have you been
even the posting vlogs where the hell
you at my V did you notice you knew him
care even was assuming all these things
basically ad though my heart the hardest
shoot I've ever done in my entire life
happened on Monday it was 16 hours and
it was literally the most difficult
shoot I've ever done my life the next
day I felt when I got home I felt like I
got into a car accident my body was
broken because it was like a physical
shoot and Tuesday I just I was like
bedridden I slept the whole day I had to
get a massage
I actually rubbed tiger balm over my
body had to take like hot baths and like
soak myself but it was brutal so I
didn't vlog or anything I came to New
York yeah last night just landed it was
like for something I'll tell you why I'm
in New York for a little bit by the time
you watch this you might not know so
I'll tell you in a little bit because I
can actually surprise you my boss but
we're in New York only for like a day
and a half we gonna make it happen
welcome back to the vlogs you back me
out here we out here New York please be
nice to me don't what me and my Ponte
please so sometimes in New York and I
don't get along but the one thing that
in New York has that makes it all better
Gotti rolls thanks to all y'all using my
postmates Skoda postmates everything now
can I get free delivery and so do I post
means from the car to your company if
you don't know what this is bro next
time in New York say these Indian raps
that they have you have different ones
it's just so damn good um better myself
right now I'm in New York you ain't so
bad why you know I make it up to both of
them not even halfway through the vlog
and I'm already taking a nap but you
know what
tbh IDs hmm what yeah obviously okay
obviously I slept too long come on Wahby
yeah don't look at me like that look at
me with that face let me laughs let me
like that obviously obviated I actually
woke up like an hour ago 9:30 or what
about 8:30 that's okay I'm not even
feeling guilty about the sleep because I
know what my body feels like right now
and I know the excruciating pain I'm in
so it's all good actual went to all my
emails got work done I'm gonna go wash
my hair now but first I decided let me
tell you what's crackin
kid let me tell you a little 3 of 3
right now you know as I'm working on my
work I'm like yo it's kind of not even 3
of 3 I kind of have more things planned
rhymers not counting them really it's
just a really unfortunate to say it's a
really exciting couple weeks man I just
a lot of things that I've been working
on are just all landing at the same time
which is exciting but kind of not ideal
because I'd love to spread out my
announcements but just hasn't worked out
that way so why am i New York I'd live
you've already figured it out and you're
treating me about it
I have the honor and privilege of going
on the Jimmy Fallon show or The Tonight
Show with Jimmy Fallon again which is
really really freaking cool I will be
taping tomorrow which is Thursday but it
will be airing on TV which is Friday so
I know during my live stream I was like
oh when do I surprise they're gonna be
on the 21st I didn't realize I would be
airing the next day so you'll actually
be able to watch on the 22nd Friday but
that's not all when I go on the show is
Jimmy Fallon that's where I'll be
announcing my my third surprise so it's
kind of cool it's kind of like a double
double double compare okay
note to self no double cab at me no
double come at me yeah so make sure you
check that out I'm so stoked to say I
love Jimmy also rumor has that I'm just
saying that I'm also gonna be doing a
skit with him no you don't hear from me
though you didn't hear from me I'm dad
heard somebody Becca Rebecca yeah
Rebecca said I might be doing a skit
with him I'm sure okay that's super cool
and then whatever I announce I'm also
gonna officially announce on my channel
Monday and that's when you'll see this
the result of the shoot I did where I
broke my body so a lot of exciting
things happening and the 28th which is
like the Monday I'm pretty sure is the
Monday's a Monday the math and the
Monday yeah the Monday that's the first
episode of girl love on Thursday on the
Thursday on Thursday our 28th time I got
so big date so much exciting things
happening oh my god I should go wash my
hair fix my eyebrows and to get rid of
my mustache because Jimmy Harlan
tomorrow Jimmy give me Helen me took a
shower not my body cleanest what a gwaan
I'm so like particular with hotels I can
assure everything's so neat all the time
like the towels be folded this has to be
like strangest craps since like my room
gets distraught from time to time but
times 11 p.m. I kind of wanna go Pokemon
hunting in Times Square but it's
probably not after I have a super early
call tomorrow but I want to be prepared
for tomorrow I got to shoot my skit with
Jimmy tomorrow
I gotta rehearse tomorrow I got a shoot
show tomorrow so I don't want to be like
making irresponsible decisions but I'm
kind of hungry yeah I mean I mean sure
we're somewhat cutty rolls is that
obsessive I don't care
hmm kiss John's I also feel like you're
used to watching vloggers that do stuff
and when I vlog I don't do stuff I'm
just like in my hotel room or my
apartment doing work so watch me as I do
stuff swimming I scratched my face being
a fly would be lovely
so today is Wednesday which means
tomorrow is Thursday which means through
your day which means I want to come back
from Fallon shooting I won't have to
make a video which is cool use the balls
as a show in New York and I kinda want
to stop by this is basically why my way
of saying that we'll just have my best
to make a video but some be late
but I'm also on Eastern Standard Time
some three hours ahead so you shoot foul
and try stop by you so's then come back
and make a video but have every
intention to do so because I want
everyone to let I want everyone to know
Fallon is happening on Friday and
hopefully we can get like Lily on Fallon
trending and make the whole thing very
cool and special and it's not that's
okay too
it's still special either way also is
the fact that I just ordered two more
cocktails cuz I did so so what my OTN
open up a night Scotty rules why why you
judging me I want to wear potatoes and
chickpeas why where's what who huh
this is why I don't watch TV shows right
here
because I get addicted it's 147 I should
be sleepy watching The Walking Dead I
said one episode
my third I have a weak weak feeble mind
the way they end these episodes though I
have to watch it on Lord I have to this
is why I don't see this is why I don't
watch shows this is why I stick to you
with Thrones I don't watch anything else
but I'm watching it because I'm thinking
of so many ideas and I want to make the
game of Thrones Walking Dead kind of
video oh it's 2:30 I also took a nap
though it's really long also have to
wait like 9:30 that's way more sleep
that I'm used to so I have a 1 check one
more help so on it's time anyways toilet
acqui Lily sorry there wasn't an
eventful vlog um my body sing a bit
better it's a little bit hard to like
get up and stand up but it's doing way
way better and I'm proud of myself
because I actually after the shoe like
knew my limits and I was like no I need
to like rest it out and I didn't push
myself any further and that's that's a
improvement for me so that's what's
going on tomorrow it's gonna be Jimmy
Fallon shooting day and that's gonna be
exciting also be O'Day also trying to
stop by use of show the next morning I'm
flying back to LA to work on some really
exciting things that I'll tell you about
then you you have gloom and rip in your
face and a chili cat but I'm gonna go to
bed tomorrow will be more eventful I
promise but if you like it subscribe if
you like
are you ready can I show you this
because I'm kind of freaking it come on
ok let's take your own according this
will stop me get out okay look at this
little is
we got a unicorn head got some greens we
got these colorful little thing of ours
here got a glitter lamp this is my chair
look at this girl love wall right here
so the guests will say smile
pillow we got all this stuff to start
first understand
