good morning
I got three hours of sleep when I'm at a
music video shoot for five songs I don't
know the words to but we're gonna figure
it the eff out because that's what we do
we're gonna shoot this have a hard out
at seven because I'm gonna fly to
Montreal right after this and we're
gonna make it happen black bees here
everyone's here have a good time no
one's tired everyone's great everyone's
great I like forgot to vlog for a long
time I'm sorry I forgot you at the mall
again blog I'm sorry um well the second
song is going great I reserve my energy
I practice while getting my hair makeup
done and then I go out there and try my
best to remember all the words really
did do pretty well so far
well now it's on to those so don't get
too high oh yes I'm good oh my second
one of these no I'm for you no qualms
one Oh yummy splat I'm so dope hello
chatter - I'm sure this is the most
creative commentary in gear and I'm so
tired but doesn't matter cuz I get a
boozy thing and upgrade in my flight you
guys always like I did I kind of sleep
on a flight after I have to edit the
first girl episodes come out tomorrow
when you're watching this today that's
right right choice once it tomorrow's it
everything I said a group thank you and
action
your teeth Stiller Oh dinner oh yeah we
don't we didn't see that coming I think
your swallow you think you got it oh you
think you got it I got it just to get it
within the tonight
all together or we get together except
it's always better when you feelin me ma
ah nothing but what makes a what makes
the what makes the what makes the while
while while our weasel windy now when we
know when I happy yeah
know what's popping that was difficult
for so many reasons I'm not gonna give
you too much information cuz it's gross
but just know that you know I had my
period you know I had to lie in that
pool and you know I'm not about that
tampon life so put all those things
together boys if you don't understand
ask assist to ask your mother okay ask
your girlfriend you got to do what you
got here for the shot I've been to hell
and back that's how I'm saying I've been
to hell and back and I did it for the
shot and I hope it turns out good but I
am learning that I definitely speak
before things because like I can push
through two things I have resilience but
there also comes a point where you can't
push anymore and I think I'm getting to
a point where you can't see emotion on
my face you can't I'm not performing as
well like I did well but I know I
could've done better if I got more sleep
and it's not a choice to me like
choosing not to sleep is just like the
way timeline and travels have lined up
it's just hasn't impossible but I think
it's gonna be a job the visuals are
really sick and help really like it's
gonna come around out around August 6th
or 7th big shower now because I was in
that pool
um this is crackalacking all the minor
detail the pool was bruising I'm also
now this is frozen olaf is my friend
these are all the things oh alright my
last shower here and what could be a
month it might be only like three days
if I come back landing I'm time take a
shower but friends neighbor I want my
last shower towel color to be you know
they should go back to my roots and do
pink pink was the first one I ever did
they should go back to that was the pink
with what the hell's the glucose right
here
pink faced hell I'm gonna do pink I'm
gonna pink what do you guys think we I
think I think I me feel like I'm getting
the vibes from Hank you know it's like
they feel good look at me as if I have
so much time in no time I eater the F up
so painful you think pink gray pink
yeah pink pink Frank Frank
Frank Frank Frank you're cuttin it mad
close with this flight right now
boarding starts in like five minutes and
I just got to the airport
oh well I run he'll know I look like
someone is about to run I'm a speed walk
with a purpose made it so now the
question is where I spend the flight
editing the video like are supposed to
always sleep into it tomorrow I'll and I
really should do it on a plane but you
know how I'd be one plane takes up I
would like this so yeah also
I won't be able to eat the puppy pusher
Mario he's in Montreal literally had
divorced sleep on a plane I've ever had
ever before I was freezing they didn't
have legit blankets I was uncomfortable
it's just such a waste of money
operating because I didn't sleep well at
all didn't edit it was freezing I was
just so unfunctional but I think if I
even take a nap
I suck time to actually that's fine but
um I'm gonna head to my hotel and then
jump straight into bed just work through
customs and the customs officer is like
hi do you live in the US and I'm like
good how are you
that's where I'm at right now then I'm
like oh I'm sorry I didn't ask Koya how
I am I'm sleeping she's like why are you
here
I'm go to sleep I'm gonna figure it out
I'm going to sleep right now so damn
tired buoys in Montreal Monte oh I just
don't like it
remain in Montreal Morial como Saba
suburbian Oh Joe ya mannan OC I'm
blossom if you wait no fun so I talk
really thank you so much for joining me
on today a very very busy day Shane
we're in Montreal and we I can sleep I
can edit I have a cocktail reception
tonight and most of my stuff is tomorrow
so that's what's crack-a-lackin' z9e
niche money I'm not getting at each
money and I'm just here for a reason to
be honest I'm actually here because I'm
getting honored from that variety top
ten comic comics thing so um first they
were asking if I want to perform it I
was like honestly no I'm like no I'm too
much on my plate I want to go and shows
I'm starting a very easy cuff panel like
a reception like nothing - nothing too
major he mean by tassel Dracula and I
shall see you in a few hours when I
start my next vlog when I wake up if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe know we have some different
vibes going on actually with that ombre
lip no actually with that ombre lip know
what I love about like having Ashley
Renee's they can always switch it up on
me and like do dope Stefan wins dope
Tings and it's dope natalie is also from
Scarborough by the way therefore we are
instant soul mate pharmacy infants
exactly - captured are you from
Scarborough those are literally like the
words to my heart are you from
Scarborough I was like oh my god
I love you I remember anything else
about you besides the fact that you're
from Scarborough right I love it
but do the shoot feeling good just
taping my boobs everything's going good
everything's going good no one's a pair
you seriously boosted this blue stock so
cool
ashle killing the game
