No
I'm so sleepy I woke up at 9:30 then
took a shower and clean bum now I'm
outside somewhere where the shoot is for
a magazine it's five hours long
I'm very busy day a five-hour shoot and
then I gotta go back home and while I'm
going back home I'll call and when I go
back home I gotta get ready for the bed
mom's premiere I'm gonna come home I
still got a ride with Courtland song
recording audition tape and then packed
robe on trial and then also packed for
Italy Brazil Rio Rio Brazil the same
Italy Brazil Kenya Toronto because when
I come back from Montreal as soon as I
land I'm pretty much mandatory so I
don't know what's happening because if I
stay up really late today that'll be bad
because tomorrow day I have a shoot I do
I need a cone please somebody I'm very
tired but
hello Morici hello hello you we have
some different vibes going on actually
with that ombre lip though actually with
that ombre lip no this I love about like
having Ashley Renee's they can always
switch it up on me and like do dope
stuff my mind's dope Tings
and it's dope natalie is also from
Scarborough by the way therefore we are
instant soulmates pharmacy in Finn
exactly literally she captured are you
from Scarborough those are literally
like the words to my heart are you from
Scarborough I was like oh my god I love
you I don't know anything else about you
besides the fact that you're from
Scarborough right I love it but do the
shoot feeling good she's taping my boobs
everything's going good everything's
going good
no one's like where you see guys they
boosted just loose stuff so cool
Ashley killing the game this is made and
no lambs were harmed in the process we
just has conversation because I like to
make sure that nobody no animals are in
the process this is a haircut for our
land I learned something new today
actually taught me that which lands are
treated well the ones that they want
yeah like if they're using their hair
they treat them super well because I
want them really nice and healthy and
happy so if I have messages I mean I was
treating them like I'm always dressed
bold well you know we took care of you
there was a jacket made of my hair when
I'll feel warm it's awful really
kidding hairs awesome that whole thing
was just a plug for my hair all right
yeah luscious hair
oh thanks whoppers Etienne what lush
blushes I also fell when he speaks in
the mother tongue though hmm
Mosby's doubt freestyle made well we
know we have a cheap booklet down to
that be a suitcase ever cannot work out
today this will be a third time in my
life I work out are you right now
they're tight
blessed life when you finish the shoot a
little early I can afford a 5-0 50
minute nap Oh God the little things I'm
so grateful
god I'm so grateful there's nothing you
so much for the Hans DAP and I should be
using this time to get ahead in all the
work at the dooba I feel like this 50
minute nap but when it convinced you is
it good because gonna rejuvenate me to
do the other things right now if I tried
to do them I butyou I will I would be
retired god I would be retired so I have
to take this nap for professional
reasons so I can do everything later you
know there's been a moment with God I
just got a present and guess what it is
I'm so tired
nobody's tired after I tried to take a
nap but then 700 people were calling me
in to squeeze is that to happen and I
love people in this room right now
don't feel bad about yourself kidding so
Sarah stylist and I had all you know she
wants me where the black heels I can't
walk in them so we settled on the gold
ones she's not happy she's not
completely happy with me but I couldn't
walking it I'm just saying how we
settled on the gold heels even though
you weren't happy about it completely
right because I would've been able to
walk and survived my tattoo has shown
off so well into the vibes in the squad
we are here and she's like can you stop
so I can fix him a good and a lot of
Dane DeHaan iana much fear
that's best ever let's do this my feet
already hurt
diplomacy against caste mad moms are so
nice to me
those girls exude girl love and that's
why they're my first episode coming on
Thursday cos they're awesome just movie
again oh you like it I hope everyone
likes it
okay 11:32 right no quarter song right
now one half in a song I need to
memorize the five that I wrote I need to
pack for Montreal Impact for Italy
Toronto there's one Kenya and then go to
sleep I do it about 7:00 a.m. how does
it eckhart life I'm quitting I quit I
quit I'm gonna sleep the next three days
not nothing
sobbing get to work I'm gonna be honest
with you I don't know what I'm doing I'm
kind of giving up I finished the song to
the best of my ability it was not at all
enjoyable writing music should be
enjoyable it was not because I was so
rushed and tired
and I kind of finished packing pre
Montreal but then realize that I'm also
packing for my shoot tomorrow
so like half the stuff has to take
tomorrow all I have to do the shoot
tomorrow which means somehow someway
there's gonna be a situation tomorrow or
at the shoot I'm gonna have to actually
pack for Montreal amongst the chaos and
I need me start packing for a delete run
on them I don't I don't
because how can I back from pathes
definitely no Marshall half the stuff to
shoot I stuff whenever take to hit early
in Toronto in Kenya in Brazil I just
don't even know I don't even know I
don't even know a stupid thing to
complain about no time so I was so
overwhelmed with things to do I
literally land and like if I was trying
to come home I'd be a flex 30 minutes
max so unless I think I can pack in 30
minutes which maybe if I make a list we
possible what I don't see it happening
today I don't know I don't know I don't
know so I don't know I don't know hi hi
this is MIA no it is what it is really
what just happened what I do I undo what
what I do I don't even know what time is
1:30 1:00 a.m. but record this track you
know things like this I hate rushing it
because I I really
feel like I had more time to I really
feel like I had more time to do them
it's not that the lyrics aren't and
genuine they're still genuine but I
would love more time to be like let me
really really go over this over and over
over again I still have that I'm um I'm
sorry best so it is what it is
and I got my period and I should
you know what
stop really stop you're overwhelmed it's
okay it's you know what this is I need
to use this makeup on my shoulders I'm
falling asleep like this um you know
just gotten your wake up and you'll be
so f and tired and you wash it yourself
you get through it you do your absolute
best what's bothering more than anything
is that like I'm a perfectionist and so
when I know I'm but I know I'm rushing
things and I know things are exactly how
I want them to be they could be better
that your takes me but this is an
important lesson for me to learn like I
can't I need to understand my body and
brain has limits because when I think of
ideas and scheduling I'm like I don't
account for that like sleep or like
human condition I'm just like yeah yeah
anyway five song one in a row so like
sometimes I need to be smacked by
reality but I did it gonna happen I hope
you like it really with why I'm doing
this is it's gonna be released I'm
shooting tomorrow boys let me really
sound like August 6 this 6 August 6th
ish because I'm going to perform this
entire thing YouTube FanFest
in Toronto so that's why the situation
was like this um yeah I'm gonna go to
bed and we go in a few hours and then we
do the damn shoot make the damn thing
count and make the best of the situation
that we got ourselves into because
that's what that's what makes sense to
do so that's what we're going to do and
also boss book how to be boss is now
available in India it just became
available in India so if you want to
preorder it Lilly Singh book calm is
where you got to go if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
subscribe watch it
freaking the f out I really want to be
good
my heart is racing like
I care about this so much okay sorry I'm
sorry I watched it I watched it I
watched it I'm sweating so much
I watched it I liked it I hope it's I
think it's good I think it's good I
think it's good I felt some type of way
I don't know I I don't know I think it's
good
oh okay shut up
