what's going on good morning the time is
10:43 we just landed from Miami we had
an overnight flight and we're heading
straight to a studio to shoot to shoot
oh shoot
basically I'm doing a really cool guest
appearance in this Disney show and I'm
not sure if I'm allowed to like say what
it's called and stuff so I'm just gonna
nah pit as a Disney show and it's really
fun and so I just memorized all the
lines in the car and usually I get
really carsick when I do that but I just
like oh you have no choice oh shut the F
up so that's ordered we're gonna go
straight there it is an eight-hour shoot
and after that I'm going straight to
another shoot which is for one of the
secret things I am doing that's going
are we're just gonna pretend like yo
this is this is what it is this is the
job busy is a blessing and who's tired
I'm a tired you time no one's tired no
one is tired Disney sets are the best
because the set outside is dope as hell
and I love working with like younger
people I think it's really refreshing my
dope I'm gonna eat something at my hair
makeup done let go
who's hired I tell you partner was
bopping I'm just waiting to shoot the
first scene of the day I'm very excited
on my haul did you know I'm saying was
tired I tell you Titan over there and
rocking out boughs and yesterday so
funny Dwayne's mom came up to me and
she's like what lipstick you always were
gonna think I'm making this up YouTube
like you're lying I swear to god she
came up to me so Simone's grandma
Duane's mom came up to me he was like
which lipstick to you wear I feel like
it's always at some point and I was like
immediately had some of it I was like
this one here you go but I'm just saying
I'm just saying just pop announces tell
you laughs let's do a Disney Channel
show like you know back my dear when
sell used to do it just things my moment
hi I'm releasing and you're watching
Disney Channel perfect nice hi I'm Lilly
Singh and I'm super excited to be guest
appearing on Buzard bark so stay tuned
hi I'm Lilly Singh and going up my
favorite Disney Channel show was Wizards
of Waverly Place especially when like
Sal did that thing with the wand and the
whole can come to me it wouldn't even
happen
I just know okay cool
hey yes digit chance to shine at the
Sims joke where you look at me Nova
don't get yer apt onset eight hours I'm
feeling good I'm feeling myself I'm
ready to head to round two
it's two minutes away we're headed there
to do some shoot some secret ish I love
working with kids because I think
they're so phenomenally talented and so
inspiring when I see kids working she
sewed up everyone's that was super super
super sweet but out of such around two
I texted papi I'm like I'm a living for
this head massager but to give me right
now but I need this little face strong
for you today strong hey let's go to
Lilley without sleep
what a too super
oh wait where are you we're slain we're
slain okay
so let's say hello to old friend the
blister is back had some technical
difficulties a lot of pain I'm really
pushing cuz I'm so damn tired and after
wake up in eight hours to get my hair
makeup done for the Ice Age screenings
well and I'm so tired and I am really
really really pushing as hard as I can
oh my god jesus take the wheel
oh so I was over there on two freakin
cockroaches attacked me
I'm sorry freaking heart attack honestly
tough day tough day but we're gonna
persevere
sometime is 144 finish the shoot but
then I just fitting for tomorrow for 30
40 minutes now I'm going home to sleep I
make up here and make up at 7:30 in the
morning and not complaining disease a
blessing I knew this week would be hard
I know that myself it's gonna be hard so
worth it see me great I'm stoked
let's go home Oh welcome back blood clad
all right very very short toilet is
really so tired I'm gonna I'm gonna
treasure these five or four and a half
hours of sleep I have fraida I'd enter I
was the ice age screening and then I
have a fitting after that I not
tailoring appointment thing and then in
the evening and do some editing and then
I would sleep early I leaned height is
intriguing good isn't me good today we
worked hard today we're in day I'm sorry
I sound up sound so annoying right now
cuz I'm still groggy I'm not even
putting on a cleat I legitimately feel
like death I'm quickly wash my face go
to bed I hope you had a great day we're
in this together we meant it with we're
in this together we haven't killed a
game rug tilting game which we won't
talk about if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe ok everything is
white it's a good music video shoot like
check out this room it's like all white
everything right now
mad dope umm I don't know if I'm gonna
see you again tomorrow keep secrets from
you and I'm sorry about that but I love
you and I'm gonna go give myself two
eyebrows and then I went end this vlog
let's go
