hello future
it is one week from when you are
currently watching this and by now you
know that lily is writing a book that's
how I feel about because I haven't
keeping a secret from her Sola I'm so
tired
I had three hours of sleep I won two out
of three and I work med six and we're
shooting a promo video for a book today
it is chaotic because I work is creative
like we can half ago and everything got
pulled together this week because I'm
just so busy doing so many things but
it's a very ambitious creative it's very
intense as a Game of Thrones theme it's
real it's deep I got Holmes here to help
me through it we got a whole team check
this out we made a boxing ring for this
like you built a boxing ring as the set
let me show you the me show you let me
show you this is what we're shooting
this is it this is what's gonna happen
thank you I'm really excited I'm also
really tired I also know have to step
away out of my comfort zone to shoot
this does I want to make a dough so
welcome and enjoy how to be a boss so
what's your through grades the idea here
is that I have to match the stunt double
who by the way is ten times more fit
than me so I don't know how such a
project maybe like we have with virtual
effects they can give me like you know
little bit toning is now we'll see um
but that's a pop and she's gonna get you
brains too and to make a supernatural
this is the glam team for today are your
names again Oh Chris Chris and I'm gonna
Monique snap crackle pop let go
and slow down look up keep going and off
I was good one more like that keep
rolling like which one's moving
I don't know the one with the six-pack
that solution okay I like that
so last night I supposed to watch boxing
movies but I went about three you want
to live any good 1 Million Dollar Baby
yeah 3 has the best boxing sequences
really they're Canada here yet
where they at where they at no dude even
even this look that people to smoke
apparently do physical to be useless
really yes Eddie what it's not that's a
place you don't add it all do you
actually sweat I hope you get muscles
muscles so what's your strategy to beat
that guy have my eyeliner salon fleet
then he gets days
so I'm getting busted up and I was mad
real this is amazingly this whole
process is amazing rock lab got me like
I look like humble when I beat him novel
to deal just for the record I challenged
her to a five-game ya series that was
one name I'm just saying she's been a
she's been avoiding me it's also because
he felt that my ring that your wagons
awfully low on your finger my ring which
I might do shoe so I got a cup the ring
I'm super Prevnar I only gave it to
certain people if they lose it I
wouldn't then we start being different
Oh
oh you suck
Oh
burns everywhere yeah lot of note even
though you're not really getting punched
in the face still working because some
of them is obedient I have like super
flex just hiring pasta
let's do it
Trey five six seven Hey
yeah shoot so damn hard you so deadly
punches into his chest
Rabson agro that happens with the camera
says overheating as a finger search 85
that's outside of the right inside the
ring and guaranteed it's like 99 like a
little bit cooler than the lilypad
really hard in my everything hurts it
was really good it's all I have a new
appreciation for fighting in boxing
because even get like faking it like
faking the plans even though he's one
guy yeah I'm getting winded like the
climb getting winded and mentos yeah
like was doing a hard punch whatever's
done like my vision gets blurred exam so
wind is so hot oh never seen little like
this huh oh
you want to be a fashion
work
Oh
I'll sleep in the makeup chair
one year drill over you always step up
off your back leg like this like this
cinematography round warriors words
handles
so we've been here since 7:00 in the
morning
it is 10:15 p.m. here's the thing I want
to show you everybody's attitude is
super positive right now the super happy
I haven't heard one complaint under the
last 15 hours of in here we'd love what
we do is a good project and that's what
it let's that's what counts when you
love what you do you keep going nobody
nobody's forced to be here everybody
wants to be here and they're working
we're working hard y'all y'all working
I'm just singing the credit here just
bossy sorry I'm awesome Lydia my girls
getting her makeup done for her last
look and I mean I think the important
thing is to remember like yeah 15 hour
days but if you want to do something
extraordinary you gotta put in an
extraordinary amount of effort that's
what you guys watch daily do day in day
out she puts an extraordinary amount of
effort somebody I'll treat like you need
to sleep more you need to sleep more we
have to realize this is what is
necessary to make things happen
and the only thing that motivates her is
love she believes in what she's doing
she believes that this needs to be out
in the world and she works extremely
hard to make sure that actually happens
and that those are the type of things I
keep from let's find out to see how she
feels at the exact present moment
wah-wah-wah
it'll be an ongoing you know I just told
him I use a light in your room
Oh
currently no comment from the Lisa
Leslie just took a hot bath and epsom
salts hey this is not okay
well he's not exaggerating was not
acting who he is
after up I feel like I got assaulted I
genuinely feel that way I'm fortunate or
not know what that feels like but so I
feel like I just took a bath lapsim so
they say that but for a guy need sleep
and some boy don't be mad at me
I had a tight deadline I'm sleeping in
tomorrow sleep in it
next I have a flight and was sleeping on
the flight though I'm trying my best
I has deadlines and it all make sense
soon I'm gonna rest right now so don't
yell at me if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe I hope you like
this video though if you liked it
subscribe
you
