can you hear me
good morning I am so annoyed that
yesterday's vlog it was so good and it
was so eventful and the audio stopped
working halfway through basically this
is dial at the side of my vlog camera
and it was on manual volumes of anyone
like took my book block hammer touched
it or it was in my pocket and moved the
volume muted somehow I've now changed it
to automatic so that dial will no longer
control the audios will not happen but I
apologize I dumped it over with my
voiceover but none of that matters
because today is humbug happy birthday
and all the things we said you couldn't
hear but it's his happy birthday and
he's a great guy and work we're gonna go
for a dinner and a movie today I'm gonna
take him for dinner and a movie
because humble is a simple man okay I
don't believe Humble like super at the
quick me from wrong I don't think humble
like super extravagant and Biggs like
he's not gonna expect something almost a
simple simple man I find pleasure in the
simple yes so we're going for dinner and
a movie maybe I let him be monopoly deal
we'll see well it is his birthday anyway
I want to ruin his hopes and dreams at
his birthday but that's what's poppin
Alex got us this we gotta put up our
basketball net and that's us cracka
lackin sigh apologize for yesterday's
log today I already had a call this
morning early in the morning I happy
time I chose to friends we need so much
candy we need so much candy and then the
next one was like oh so much candy this
is like blisters on my tongue from candy
and I totally forgot that's who's II
gave me attaching so these are all the
things um and then I have a meeting
yeah oh no Suzy did it you didn't get
one done my Suzy I date over um guess
what's going on so have two meetings
still um and then yeah yeah seems about
love it through today's about maybe
beasts maybe today we'll see something
relic eight whatever car this is gonna
be relevant to humble cuz humbles
birthday cake
humble this is your card oh I think this
is great it says letting go it says I
don't dwell on bad things that happened
I let things go because I have enough
heavy things to carry around
also grudges aren't a great look this is
humble this camel is humble this is you
haha does this resonate we were talking
about the definite where we letting go
people that having conversations with
people that hurt us in the past not - oh
yes we do have to rekindle friendship
but just because you shouldn't holding
burdens people hurt you in the past
holding burdens companies and gentlemen
um but that's just crackling it's let me
productive day every day every day have
worth it because like the elephant
everything everything
how about it you know what the
researchers continuosly laugh I could
the same day did you like simple men
simple men simple measures yo just
getting ready for a meeting in my hair
is kind of beyond repair so I'm going to
take it out and it's gonna be phrase
ball and I'm so excited I really like
getting my hair braided like I actually
just like told my team like could you
just find me someone to braid my hair
like all the time like every single day
because I'm so much more functional as a
person with my hair braided okay you
know what there's bobby pins buried deep
within my scalp right now but that's
what's crack-a-lackin' it's gonna be
alright so about the W me offices and
I'm playing Pokemon which is officially
taking over live I'll give that
apparently the gym right here like right
here I have embattled anyone yet because
like I have the guts for yet I don't
know that much what Pokemon but someday
I'm fun yes you're walking around on a
three a.m. and there's like 50 people on
the street playing Pokemon is it really
taken over the world so I've been in
traffic for like an hour and I'm still
20 minutes away from we're going to be I
should be there at 3:45 and on my GPS s
for 18 I'm literally just standing still
that's cool it's fine the weather is
nice I'm still happy
guess what I got and I've been stressed
about this a new to pull a card for a
new year because my year is coming to an
end and I was like what I'm gonna do is
like expiring this month next month they
got me a new one I'm good for another
year
shoutouts to Paulie I love you
that much I love you so damn much I want
you to marry you look at that we're
moving yay
yes please don't ball camera CHIKARA's
you can't be gentle team super good your
car is good your car's good okay we're
moving and Rishabh Sh'ma also when I sit
like you're the gene fat like my wearing
jeans I'm where the dope pants at Nike
sent me there very like swaggy but like
a gene fat story my life okay if you're
an OG team super you're gonna recognize
this place I barely recognize this place
you know where this is do you recognize
it take a look take a look take a look
comment below pause comp love you know
where we are right now this is where we
shot lana stay home and i need to
realize it's the same place but this is
literally my shot lana steel this is
where i did a scene i came out of those
doors and did a scene here and Azen
might change it was and we shot a scene
up there and the whole what I'm wearing
the way I was like all like done up and
I'm looking down wearing the contacts
he's right there I'm gonna still know
what I shouldn't want to do again but
we're here to check out some the studio
space night is here while saw Kyle
birthday boys here happy belated Britt
and humble humble but this day not here
though yeah birthday to this guy do you
feel older uh do I look older no you
look younger
there we go yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
birthday turn up right here will you
I'll be responsible adults and move the
team good job happy birthday oh yeah
what did you do today humble I went to
got tattoos what did you get
that's what a black piece of tape is
what do you got lucky - what is it
saying I'm once again I done okay you
gotta go to the Instagram to find out
while you're there wish me happy
birthday I mention come below for dinner
and a movie we're gonna watch pets and
go to our favorite restaurant called
Tyrone II first we play some basketball
I finished my day of meetings so much
traffic on the way back but really
exciting girl love stuff happening um so
yeah it's gonna be all dope all dope all
dope and then tomorrow we are flying to
somewhere to shoot something and I might
not vlog it it's very super this is
probably humble would you agree when I
say this is possibly the most secretive
thing I've ever done in my life one of
the tops tour is definitely one the
other thing I'm working on my peanut
there but this is some of the top
secretive thing yeah this is does you
can't even like no we can give him so
you guys shoot you can't even like show
anything I can't I can't exactly yeah so
cool it could be blogged in that vlog
can be shown later yes good birthday boy
good hey guys I get I um both
you go first you go first I'll got your
last letter we got nervous and I
and everything's broken and this is a
Robin
and it break get at me the way I'm
excited for this pastor right now you go
the tortise pasta humbles longest I'm
gonna tell the fritters today live our
best life right now
that's what's poppin as we going on it's
nice outside actually I like it
here's a gentleman focus I popped my
pimple any temperature this
okay you go like this yeah you don't get
tattoos kids can't put your hands
popular yes good we got cheat days
rambles birthday here and we've had a
funny conversation where this Nutella
for so damn good I was like I feel
guilty because like I figure don't
deserve it and hope was like no wonder
sticker seven hope was like people like
Malala dude 51 happy birthday my protein
was awesome wild with the shots you know
I got all the girl up in my life you
know that some girl but the proceeds
from the girl love video plus my own
donations went to them a lot of fun
she's super down below much love great
people like humble and Malala were born
today I'm working my way up to Malala
stuff and then maybe you can deserve the
fritter today we'll give you a pass go
ahead
happy birthday um well
please
do
I know I don't deserve as everything on
that my but they give me my birthday
cute on you - good
the rest of the vlog will consist of us
chewing these interpreters
you
delicious huh mama poet birthday turn-up
that's a traditional-style right here
got it
aha
we
what sound something
no one is telling the wrong
so why
why oh I know
I was away my love
I'm happy
Oh
- borz oh right that can mean it looks
like rap video though yeah except when I
go like this and a scare team super
didn't work up a schedule which was new
to me
I wanted to fall but draw cards is a
good little dragon so I literally drove
back home for the movie to change my
pants you got it
look at this guy just a battery to
change my pants because that's how full
I was I drove back home we're right
beside the movie I drove back home she
drove bad that's a Friday I put my fat
person pants the ones always wear every
single day of my life and I would watch
The Secret Life of pets I think be
really good also like in front in the
beginning of these pics at musso's have
like a mini movies it was always so good
- oh wait so good like I remember that
for inside out last year was that
snowman one hit the mother I don't know
what we're doing
hello mommy I could be a permanent guide
to guide us everywhere because I follow
humble Falls me neither of us so we're
going conversation before about us
finding a parent really yeah sounds I
guess it's a memory Park you know we're
not good at having a designated with
locals for for B for bees were running
okay for for B we asked for B alright so
humbling I strongly disagree what the
movie but isn't my kiss his happy
birthday he really liked it I thought it
was I thought was really bad I don't
know maybe my opinions not maybe I don't
have a popular opinion here but I didn't
think it was like a problem meaning I
think it's about context I think as a
pet owner I used to a cat suck though
what are you a cat completely slug I
said it was funny I didn't you own a dog
it's all and you watch this movie some
you know like do I think for sentimental
reasons yeah but for comedy and like
entertainment I was like no boring a lot
of the company was little like them
argue the spoils
I know I get that but that's like such a
basic joke like I don't know that wasn't
me but it's your hasn't birthdays are
you like it that's great I think happy
happy birthday so like I dropped my
vlogging camera so if this is after
pride now is probably why my bad though
um he has pretty dented up still oops
to be honest I know girl I'm in the same
socks yesterday cuz I'm dirty I do care
my socks I just want to make a sock
reference I ate so much food today I'm a
spoiled brat I so much damn food um also
I get a cups more than the average
person I feel like I kick ups very often
then would laughs me because my hiccups
are very loud I think they're gone now
though but anyways that was my story
also Alex got humble gift in what is it
a humble show them what it is possible
no no my friend that was my gift that is
your gift
oh you're here no that's yours that's
mine no he came to my house when you
went here and said that's for me if you
got to bring it that day this he said to
you yesterday Zurg anyways
now the humbles were this whole sequence
he got a squatty potty for humble to
make combos bowels more smooth it's
pretty sure full of crap he wants to
help it escape village again and you
enjoy birthday I really did it I didn't
throw your party I apologize we don't I
haven't had a birthday party do those
dull can you can use if your water
enthusiastic until the last official and
a teen I'm sorry you're watching my
sister she bought me glasses and me bro
call them you're so sensitive badges out
of teens watching the lilypad lose the
last one of that type and then it
becomes exciting to all of them
loves all the rest of them this is an
important lesson so
in this situation in the situation do
use the hashtag TLP glasses matter or
all glasses matter okay how's Anna I've
been Devin I've been I had an open
discussion about the importance of black
lives matter and why it's important oh
okay
TLP lives matter if they matter who's at
this current point
bendito of course all glasses matter
right now this glass requires actually
several glass requires yes specific
attention because right now there's a
pattern in his destruction and that
pattern is that I keep dropping them to
the sink yeah and being pro TLP coughs
does not make you anti lily yes it just
means we need to check Lily get her in
check she busting up the blood I'm out
of check how many glasses where you'd
originally hired I before I broke two in
you broke one other Britain you did
remember one time you washing any left
in the sink another couple thousand oh
can you look I'm so sorry and humbly I
don't want breaking it though
we discovered it ah a slam dunk you I'm
so tired
gonna amble I brought my friend my
handsome friend um it was like twelve
twenty he's not been that long since
you've logged thank you for joining me
on today tomorrow I am flying somewhere
and I don't know if I'm gonna vlog well
I mean tomorrow I can blog maybe not the
next day but long story short um forgive
me if this week there's some days where
I'm just like don't do it because I
promise you it will be so worth it I
promise promise promise you but at most
for now I ate so much popcorn I'm
literally like if I fart probable going
look if I fart popcorn will follow I'm
gonna have a fart but if I did good for
not oh but if I did pokémon would come
up you need to stop it if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
yeah well I mean I I'm not mad at any of
the things that are happening on sir no
sir you'll twerk that booty and then he
just stopped after two minutes I was
like you are one minute man that's
exactly what I said
what you were one minute man with the F
dog come on come on come on where you at
where you at Yousef bucket op bucket ah
 top no bucket op bucket muffins
like what the hell is happening and use
of gosh I but he did such a good job he
tried to apologize to me
