she gotta give it up you're professional
yo good morning good afternoon
I slept in till 1:00 but I wasn't really
sleeping because I wondered by like 6:30
have my Invisalign and I'm slurring a
bit because I don't warn them for a few
days so now they're like not fitting
completely properly but we're we're
gonna get it back into proper rotation
here look at all that stuff I'm showing
you there's already been an eventful day
Ellie and I have already discussed some
really dope music stuff and I'm excited
for you to hear those of you that don't
know YouTube FanFest in Toronto August
13th is now completely free
the tickets are completely free I'll put
the link in the description you stop the
reserved tickets but the free most
Canadian potater August 13th performing
new music and guess who's like an
opening act up in the place
humble lipoic also humble report is
releasing a video I've never had such a
crush on someone until I saw this video
and you have to see the video what is
coming up oh it's our nose oh my god oh
my god go to Humble paws channel at
youtube.com slash humble the poet it's
probably my favorite video most ever
made
that's including that and IV i v-i it's
really really good you do want what they
call it is called if you go and you
could go back in time what would you
change if you go go back in time what
would you change
speaking of MAG deep sentimental type
cheese isn't it drop things drop
everything um we haven't done this for a
while let's see what today is all about
today is gonna be a work day a tough day
I mean Ally have very ambitious
deadlines if its whole months been full
of ambitious deadlines we're trying to
make a dope dope concept it's super deep
but never with that answer for today I
don't know how to say this word humble I
need a teacher help well first first if
I read this what movies is from yeah
yeah comment below if you don't moves us
from ahead za za wouldn't you know I
know but I don't know uncover there's a
tip tat tat and the word is dull I'm
reading the dance tonight
I remember that farmer anyways now that
you embarrass yourself how do you read
his word impermanence the impermanence
of impermanence
I knew that life is always changing and
I drift easily through those changes
good and bad as I drift through hard
times I can take comfort in knowing that
I will leave them behind as I drift away
from good times I can take comfort in
knowing that one more will come my way
impermanence is an equal-opportunity non
nonentity nonentity non there's no -
though not my name is Lily Sigrid
English is my fourth language hello but
do I like that that life is
ever-changing and good then bad things
happen and when you have a bad thing you
should be happy because you're like yo
can only go up from here
and if a good time is leaving you today
because I'm coming back with you soon I
came to dropping everything to drop
everything just drunk everything job
everything so Ali is here and I think
the clip from the vlog yesterday got
like didn't go through how to air or
something so I'm gonna repeat everything
I said yesterday oh yeah man here no
make it don't use it this thing and if
you don't know how he is
keyboardist black 300 rap most of the
music I do my talent always holds it
down and he doesn't according to my
tight deadlines like oh yeah I need
about tomorrow you always thought he
like certified teams over here is better
you know are you can I use the keyboard
I want to use the keyboard I'm gonna do
he's a man we gonna make some magic for
you some magic he's a magician
he's image is a wizard that's Hogwarts
over there that's Hogwarts we're we're
guys a really dope stephannie can't wait
to see it so many exciting Tings don't
like also yesterday what happened
yesterday I announced my book how to be
a boss that's right
spits fly networks I'm very excited here
I hope doesn't come off cocky and if it
does I'm sorry I'm not sorry because I
really believe what I'm saying well
that's all comment you know sometimes
you see comments and you can't even be
like this this is not even a hate
comment this is actually amusing to me
because like I didn't want the word
describe this is the comment I got one
one person there's so many positive
comments which I'll appreciate is one
comment really made me laugh in
chocolate was I love how you got a book
deal when it's so hard for other people
it must be nice to have everything so
easy and I was like can we you were born
with 9 million subscribers apparently as
my own name is you know some people are
born with like an extra toe you were
glowing not subscribers is growing out
inside of your head well that's so funny
cuz some good things like that like I'm
not even a chance as hilarious because
boy you see me working so hard every day
all day every day else I'm not sleeping
boy please I do not have you can say
that stuff to justify why they don't
have that stuff bars bars bars bars a
KitKat put it in the KitKat bars yeah
y'all know what KK here you should I
should have a KitKat you know I'm got
take a break cat chocolate with a little
heavenly humble why don't you show them
to your Henry okay so okay this is the
thing with humble right he loves this
chocolate bar colo huh if you don't know
so humble when he's hungry he gets
hangry
he's a different person with hungry
literally we're on set and humble is
hungry I will go to a Pierre system like
you please get humble food because you
guys don't understand what's gonna
happen if you gets hungry he'll turn to
the Hulk like it'll be the thing
a lot of nice things about alleyway
alley also brought so much in America
they don't have the shots of our call Oh
Hannah you want even close you don't
have even close to this right now so he
you do it ordered a bunch of Oh Henry's
I'm eating them all every single one let
me see
oh yeah upside down oh Henry I'm in the
buggy yeah oh hey this is humbles baby
right here I love these I love you so
much
no brandy oh he wishes
dope we interrupt this program for a
minor detail we're all gonna die okay
let's just look at the sky real quick
like I don't know if you can see the Sun
is so high it's so orange when I walk
down stairs like home but why do you
look orange because the sign is beaming
on to him it doesn't like an alchemy
cloud there but it's so strangely cloudy
and orange like if I saw like one of
those people have a huge retaining their
wealth like a lunchtime division right
yeah I'd be over here yeah something's
happening it's like so neon orange it's
strange
like a whole dimension that's what also
again if you know it looks like it looks
like part of the plot to the new Ice Age
film I want to give it away
doesn't that cool it looks like which by
the way is in theaters today go check it
out your girl your girls in mini coins
now say you know
Oh nonono hahaha I took a nap and I woke
up and I'm finished writing a script I
need to write for clap tomorrow I'm
doing a girl of clap tomorrow you have
to wait until tomorrow who it's with
been working on that and then I got to
work on writing lyrics for some beats
Ally produce so mass was crackalacking
humbles taking a nap I'll he's out with
his friend and we out here it's really
hot today the sky is still pretty funky
so it's the Armageddon and we all hear
you don't yell here mm-hmm
about a light why can't I just end it
you know what I can do the one arms line
cuz cardi B doesn't remember a few blogs
going show you cardi B shows like norm
shed notion yo I haven't watched him
cardi B in a minute though that'll be my
reward after the script but I've been
working for so many hours and kind of
went crazy and I need a break I also
ordered pot I um I'm gonna watch an
episode of Walking Dead it is about
midnight right now
I'm probably gonna go to sleep soon
because I have to wake up tomorrow for a
girl of club but I'm having a bit of a
creative block I wrote one song and
working on halfway on the second one and
there's five in total not complete songs
or like segments but I feel I'm a shoes
on the wrong way yes yes fit me this is
me being an adult you go ahead and
subscribe now a legit almost went to
sleep without ending my blog guys this
is like my first day on the job and I've
never done it before I put my laundry
away the time is - I think I watched a
couple episodes of Walking Dead - 30
i'ma head to bed so I can get up
tomorrow at a reasonable time ago - said
um but thank you for joining me on today
I remember what I did today I think you
just talk too much crap hope you enjoyed
it that's really hot oh my brain is
doing that thing where it's jumping from
topic to topic why am I wearing a bra
who wears bras at home do you wear bras
at homes boys tell me do you a bras at
home I feel like I feel like if I knew I
was gonna die tomorrow what I would do
is make a bonfire and burn on my bras I
hate bras I hate them a lot but sports
bras a kind of cute yeah I like sports
bras Dakin's day everything else is
gotta go then we can make s'mores on the
bonfire I just had a cookie or something
if you liked it subscribe if you like
and subscribe
don't you know meet I was writing this
book upstairs working on it let me tell
you about it and I know a lot of other
youtubers have books that I don't know
if this is a big announcement for you or
not but it's a big deal for me because
I've wanted to write a book for so long
and everyone's always been asked me to
write a book but I didn't want to write
a book until I had something to say I
didn't wanted to write a book for the
sake of writing a book and this or sell
it because I wanted merch or anything no
I want to wait I'd something to say and
I do feel passionate about what I'm
saying in this book it's called how to
be a boss and it's a guide to not only
surviving life but to conquer it
