having rejuvenation Sunday just kidding
it is Sunday but no rejuvenation is
happening today maybe later today
possibly but I just woke up it is like
one something so I slept in good I feel
a little refresh I mean I'm still really
really really tired I think I need like
some consistent rest but a good good
start
I'm about to release one of my
announcements in like an hour and a half
which I'm really excited about we'll
talk a little bit more about that but
first oh my god I have nothing else to
say and it was like what no hey just
kidding
yes hard step up my card game good I
haven't done a cart oh my god last part
we did was joy oh my god that was like a
while ago but every time I see that joy
women cuz popcorn I get hungry all over
again
okay today's card is digit digit
inspiration oh good god yes there was a
voice of inspiration within me right now
it's only whisper but the more I listen
the louder it will get pseudo will be as
fluff so it will be a flawless speech
voiced by James Earl Jones through a
megaphone with lots of applause that is
that's a decent card I've had better
causes decent inspiration I believe in
but the more I listened a lot or it will
get I do agree with that I do believe
inspirations all around us and a lot of
times we don't pay attention you miss it
that's why I like I try I lose my excuse
that's why I watch TV and movies to get
inspiration no but it's true when I
can't think of scripts and stuff I make
it a point to watch YouTube videos and
movies and TV shows because I feel like
that is really inspirational helps with
taking ideas so inspirations today we're
gonna need inspiration because it's a
busy busy busy day
I gotta release my first announcement
and then we're heading to like 30
minutes away to do some work and we're
shooting I'm telling you the - we're
doing a really cool shoot that's gonna
have to be mad on porn but first let's
talk announcement hold up so by this
time by when you're watching this vlog
you would have already know what the
announcement is because it's releasing
today basically the first
laughter announces the first I'm
officially launching would you say if
control
I'm officially launching girl love and
you might be wondering what the f does
that mean well basically know I'm so
passionate about my social calls girl
love and I've decided to launch into
like a full-blown legit thing so I don't
have all zones socials they'll be series
on my channel dedicated to girl love it
on my main channel youtube.com slash
leasing where I do videos with very
influential women and we talk about
issues within - girl love and
girl-on-girl hey and empowerment and
self-esteem and very just feel-good
stuff we don't have a set schedule of
when these episodes gonna come out but
we do have a lot planned and a lot banks
so just know there's new a new series on
my channel dedicate your girl love and
girl loves giving like full force
socials on Instagram on Twitter so make
sure you follow that handles our act
spread girl love and I can't tell you
how much energy effort I've put into
this because I really really do believe
in it I think the cause is so great I
want to build women up and I hope you
were just as passionate will help me do
this so please go follow the socials act
spread girl love and the hashtag is girl
up I'm so excited and the promos I
really don't let's talk about the
problem I so the final girl love video
let's just check it off I had to bash a
bunch of TV's I got my blood blister
back again and this is after the 8 hour
Disney shoots I was like tired as f and
the team stayed in telling 1 a.m. and
they like held it down Alyssia produced
it which is the same boost from Alana
steel and to toughtest and giving bad
glam so it's really cool everyone pulled
through I'm so happy with how it turned
out I want to flag one shop for you to
show you how awesome it is check this
out ok you ready right
not real by the way in the beginning you
see all these clips I'm not bashing the
girls in these clips I think we've all
every woman in the world has contributed
to girl-on-girl hate in some way this is
about not me highlighting these women
what they've done because we've all done
this but this is me highlighting the
fact that I want to break this culture
this culture that we think is so normal
like oh you see things on TV about all
this girl drama normal girls hate each
other nice clothes no I'm trying to
break that culture of like this just the
basically the systemic pressure to
participate in girl-on-girl hey that's
what I'm trying to bring boys let me
hide it this one clip for you so I'm
breaking TVs right I also decided to go
barefoot so we were two options one was
like heels bomb like kind of walking and
then the team and I were discussing and
were like you know I'm gonna give it
barefoot simple t-shirts simple jeans
because I want to relate to women across
the world you know all women aggressive
where you live what your status it
doesn't matter like I wanted to be as
bare as possible so that it was like
representative of all women across the
world so that's why I walk on my feet
barefoot and saw that okay if you
haven't watched it yet let me show you a
teaser okay right here right here you
ready ready ready ready ready ready
ready ready
good bye hey hello girl love
Hey and then there's this shot or you'll
see like glass flying up into my face
right there
how dope was that it's fake jealous
that's like being thrown to my face but
I love the detail so I'm so excited
about this please follow the socials
please support the cause and I can't
wait for the first video to be released
on July 28th that's washout Hey
I want you to look at the genuine
excitement in my face because the I
always have this belief that it's
impossible to work hard unless you're
obsessed with something I'm obsessed
with what I do which is why I can work
so hard in it but my obsession has been
real it like when I first started
YouTube there was a unique hustle that
was like oh I'm so excited about this
I'm still really excited but you know
eventually you get used to things the
girl love has a Reece Park that passion
in me and what I'm looking at right now
is our first ever I'm gonna tweak it
over time so what our first ever girl
love set that we got made are you ready
can I show you this because I'm kind of
freaking it come on okay let's take you
on a tour didn't you take this girl stop
me get out okay look at this hey Liz Liz
we got a unicorn head got some greens we
got these colorful little finger lovers
here got a glitter lamp this is my chair
look at this girl love wall right here
so the guests will say smile pillow we
got all this stuff is stuff for services
I'm going to add subtract and tweak or
she do a collab here and I'm just so
I've never had a set before it's my
first ever set for myself if you don't
know we officially released like a girl
love logo and it has that symbol in it
so we're in this together I'm so excited
I'm so excited I'm so excited I'm so
excited here's the man of the hour
who made it happen Kyle put in work Kyle
tells the workplace yeah all day on what
Friday was it that's a it's just friend
of it just read it and read it
okay guys n Wednesday got it in all the
days in all the days he works so hard to
make this happen
really excite with a club I did not were
gonna tell them what's what Mythili
won't excited yet is probably the first
on social media like a photo will decide
and get back to you haven't decided but
we're about to release the video
explicit video yeah and then we're gonna
have to hug it out cuz it's a big moment
natural crack and I gonna like that so
much Lisa promo you're in this too this
is a moment for both of us come on come
on
alright there's no turning back now
mouth there's nothing back this is it
you guys are gonna love this okay
public yeah yes yeah okay any more time
so long a change is happening it's good
right it's good right like we're it's
good no type of okay goodbye hello girl
off we're good
it's like it smells like let's treat
immediately okay major news welcome to
gorilla bed I'm gonna join the movement
follow spectra do I even know 2 into 3
of 3 I think so ok ok and I stopped
paying the tweet we're in this together
T dish adios I was here doing the thing
got my booty this Johnson kill the game
I'm gonna just leave my hair like this
one here so it's gonna be hey I wasn't
even open but it's so hot was in this
part open just a lot of it I'm gonna
tell you why collaborating with today
she's kind of dope she's really hot so
you might want to sit down because this
is gonna take all your breath away right
now
no big deal bebe Rexha ooh hi drinking
water cool thing thank you she's here
and she's dope I kind of adore her and
I'm not just saying that to be polite
like I actually really liked it so cool
yeah do they sing to me myself and I
think ok fine let's do it right New York
rape first of all I'm just saying
in the video and I like died okay right
here boy Curie you could leave it though
whoo close right kind of it's more like
whoo isn't me myself and I solo right
down to let down good I got me flying
I'm sorry she's an overhaul oh there we
are again her voice is phenomenal not
really it's really like I don't know
after 50 now 50 now where did that come
from because I've been talking to you
like 30 minutes and I did not hear that
really I feel like you're talking was
just so much over the nurse anyway let's
house you like can manipulate your voice
so well I know that's not good that's a
good angle for you you know what else
we're on the new set is how dope is they
so dope is so dope the girl love girl
love that's a bit blue instead of pink -
what's up all so much tell you know I
wasn't a song a bazillion times they
obviously has they don't ever told you
that that song actually has elements of
Bollywood music in it what I'm gonna
tell you why your voice in the beginning
of the song it has the same levels as a
lot of volume what do you mean by like a
loop yeah like that this is a good I
mean and there's like a few instrumental
like I think I think cuz I actually like
learn classical music so really that was
a like a weird my voice is very flute
like she has a lot of that those note
and there's some instrumental to also
have a little bit Envy me feel I feel
okay yeah I saw I this internals like
you could totally be a ball of hair
there you go yeah I'm gonna go to
someone I'm MJ when I move to Bollywood
make millions of dollars you just learn
Hindi a little bit I can teach you one
more iron if you want okay it's teach
you how to say I love you okay
say I'm gonna sit my Punjabi Hindi me so
mad man don't say don't say yeah that's
too many ready madam CPR
Carty Gerty hoo hoo billion madam said
can't eat me a thing hey tumse pyaar ka
who me sOooo much I want a man madam
stay net instead we are met on separate
karta hoon yeah
killing the game I'm gonna board I'm
moving India's over boom boom chuckles I
forgot it
all right I'm home the time is 12 M I
have to edit a BTS for tomorrow's big
announcement which I'll talk to you in a
second
um but let me work on that first you so
we can persevere let's do it
no the time is 146 a.m. I need to go to
bed because I have to wake up at 5:45
I knew this few couple days I wouldn't
get a lot of sleep that's okay so I just
heard some comments and people people
keep telling me how my teeth look
straighter and I'm just like it makes me
really happy
Andi I could feel my teeth move because
of my Invisalign and it's feels dope and
here's a thing right I'll just go I'm
not about like I believe you should be
confident who you are and I believe she
love yourself for who you are but
sometimes people do things to alter they
cut the hair dye the hair whatever I
feel like my Invisalign and my teeth
getting straighter like somehow is
boosting my confidence and like I have
more ready a pretty confident person but
I feel like confidence is so key in life
in so many ways it's just I feel like
it's you have to put yourself in
confident situations at weather is what
you wear doesn't mean expensive just
what you wear and how I just clothes
which I just with my teeth - line teeth
like misaligned teeth has made me so
much more confident because like Roz
cautious when I smile or laugh weird and
stuff and I'm all about confidence I
mean that's why I started my youtube
channel I wasn't conferring for a
sweetie pasties be sad and I learned how
to have confidence and I learned the
importance of having confidence and so I
just think it's really dope I'm feeling
really confident these days I love for
my career is that I love her I'm at love
with my teeths or act but you're sad
okay if you don't remember if you just
drained it of all around me my teeth oh
he's been really really crooked like
really really crooked and broke up and
so this is making me super super super
happy I remember when I was on set for
Disney one of the younger cast members
came up to me and they were like she
literally said these exact words like
how are you so confident I was like no
one really says that to me like that in
that way like just so blatant how are
you so confident I was like I just
really value confidence in making myself
feel good and so I do things to make
myself feel good and that's what it's
all about so here I am smiling feeling
good about everything could have a lot
to do with a clap I just edited that you
will see in a few hours as well ding
sound effects you make yourself hey
that's good tuck Lily oh yeah it's like
almost three and I usually come in three
hours so I got to go to bed all I gotta
say is watch this mother effing space
because tomorrow's video on my main
channel is gonna be dope by this time
you would have already seen it we'll
talk more about that in tomorrow's vlog
um the Internet is crazy
I'm just so disheartened by seeing
everything I'm not defending anywhere
I'm not going on any one side just girl
love girl love definitely launched on an
appropriate date I'm not taking any
sides there's no point to take sides
because I want to put my energy towards
this drum I'd rather put my energy
towards making content for girl hub like
some of you go dreaming what do you
think about this feel like I could spend
my time doing that or I can spend my
time literally like trying to make the
world positive and I choose that so
that's what's happening tomorrow we have
an all-day shoot for a secret thing
that's releasing soon um and I don't
know put this vain I don't know how much
I'm going to vlog tomorrow or not blog
with I got a bed so if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
subscribe
lines in the movie new is cute that's
cute
everything there's a deal to the hot
dance flick together bouncing and
setting people free oh yeah yeah well
people do the on to the floating
basically I save the world
yeah you really did actually like fact
shows you
