I'm sorry what is it I will tell them to
watch it to watch it to watch it good
morning we're in Miami's actually
morning it was like 11:00 something and
I don't know when you're gonna see this
log I feel like it's gonna be later not
this day not tomorrow it's gonna be like
a week from now but I feel so good we
Italia dis cabinet today 27 years in the
making
I'm shooting a club with Dwayne Johnson
is yoga ready on you go I have to hug
you again oh there's my dear miles just
now first of all that's how you know
that's how you know okay did my nails I
do my eyebrows night and day right now
I'm so damn excited I've been trying to
club with Dwayne for like two three
years for all of my Christmas clouds
never worked out he started his YouTube
channel he's gonna be in my video I'm
gonna be in his first video it's magical
and wonderful all those here to help me
to direct and mostly just to make sure
don't pee myself everywhere because that
could happen got flustered I think yeah
that's going on with Chitti with dreads
okay so close okay and are you really
nervous right now but don't be shocked
cuz I'm chilling okay ready everybody
yes okay I have no chill so I'm just
gonna be like all right so let's just do
it we're gonna pause there for a second
yeah and then
10 my cabin well okay good do it I just
felt nominal right it's real of it all
right okay all right cool
that was okay Ahri's this is where we're
shooting it's like this beautiful hotel
I mean I mean the view is so ugly it's
just her anger detective oh come on like
are you serious right now
oh my god this is amazing Miami I kind
of loving you I knew six seven hundred
selfies right now I'm begging them for
the rest of the year let's do that
I'm so nervous also not you notice I'm
nervous but I've seen 23 times right now
when I'm actually with him I'm kind of
comfortable myself it's just the pre pre
anticipation yeah big deal for me this
is like a living working alongside it
that's like a that's a big deal
okay so this might be a little bit
awkward but this room is full of people
doing rock impersonations Frankie J here
we go
and action Hey well do you spare any - I
for one was our the very clear poor peon
elegant I'm it's twelve sixteen come on
you're good don't worry about that fart
on behalf in the middle of the shoot
while the shooting he told him with a
shut up for a second and what do you say
he said your humble wasn't your birthday
two days ago yes none of the shoot yeah
anybody who wants to be an actor and
actress a youtuber what you do is you
take the line and you make it your own
so he read what he needed to say but
then he said the way he would say yeah
which is really really cool
shot with him it was great it was
obviously I love him
weird a little bit of a predicament
right now we're left a windows open
because it won't get so cold and now the
floor is completely slippery because of
condensation it's like a bathroom in
here yeah so now we're sliding and we're
get right through the mirror which was
very late bar very late for everything
right now bears very bushy because of
the humidity noise that's why that's why
all hours we got these cool tickets and
you take it have a seat and
coincidentally her seat was right beside
the wings daughter I love when were
friends
and that's how we was chilling but at
the same time while the rock is doing
his speech he would thank the entire
cast
then he thanked all the suits at HBO
thank all the people in his family and
then he think Lilly Singh was really
sweet of him yeah like alongside his
daughter and like oh it is really really
really sweet I was like he said she's so
good to me we don't know how we're gonna
spend the next two Sundays we were
looking forward to watching this now
watch again fulfill our Game of Thrones
flash again the polish is really good he
just really really good job doing this
is such a frigging sweetheart go
subscribe this channel right now under
dollars I'm really liking it though that
evolution of this character is really
cool
so that's dope
so futures about for him and I'm so
excited I'm so
we go what's up
Oh
Oh
I'm speaking to the future right now is
releasing on Monday came home made a
video up we're gonna leave for the
airport in about 30 minutes what an
eventful effing day with so many amazing
things god damn at sentimental I but I
don't think I think it hit humble and I
think he actually got it when we're on
set like this day in my life has been 27
years in the making like since the day I
was born to work alongside Dwayne it was
such an honor to work next to Dwayne I
like I said if you even told the little
me that like that whatever happened she
collapse she would collapse and she
punch you in the face you should the
 you're like dirt so he continues to
inspire me continues to be great I feel
so blessed and so grateful to have done
everything I did today I don't think it
actually officially hit me I think I
actually edited that is good because
right now I'm gonna say to like I'm so
tired I was happening holy crap I should
have video a Glade high like crap well
lily thanks for joining me on this crazy
honestly I can Isis over over over again
we've said again the best part of this
channel depressing of it is that you can
come along to my journeys when I'm
stressed and when I'm excited and when
I'm nervous
and when I went to work mode and you get
to come along with the journey and I
feel like that makes our bots so much
more special and today was a day I will
never forget its j-shot with Duane and I
got to act alongside him and work with
him and just
I'm what's my life oh you know I noona I
I love you I love you so I love you I
love you so much
I've scratched myself I love you thank
you for making this my life
we're in this together team super I'm
gonna head to the airport in about 20
minutes if you like and subscribe if you
like it subscribe subscribe yeah rule
number 2 exciting thumbnails it is so
crucial to make a thumbnail that your
audience can't resist clicking alright
cool so what do you have in mind well I
need something easy to understand source
video right I'll sink ok whoa I know
what what did you kiss me what what do
you say you want to kiss me
