I'm not dead but I'm not alive
good morning good afternoon I will go
back like 12 and I went to bed at like
1:00 I said for 11 hours and still when
I will go back for 11 hours I was like
I'm not okay it's like the you know the
best way describe how I'm feeling it's
kind of how actually in India when I
passed out I think I'm just dehydrated
he's not exhaustion cuz I slept in so
many days and wrote it's just
dehydration where I'm just like I need
like vitamins or like water or like
something I don't know loves our
Chardonnay making video yesterday you
know why cuz I'm a bad person look at me
this is a bad person one bad person to
make a video I'm feeling kind of blah
but I'm not I feel like I'm on the brink
where I'm like if I act wisely I won't
get sick I just need to drink a lot of
water have some meds focus today maybe
eat some salad or something
eat some greenery but that's what I'm
digging it is what day is it Tuesday I
think it's Tuesday it's Tuesday and I
just did some emails I have a call after
that I have another call and after that
Sara's gonna come over we have a meeting
and then tonight I might be chilling
with Lindsey going out to dinner with
her
that's what's crack-a-lackin' yesterday
was peacefulness also I'm just at a
point out a reason I might have not felt
well last night is because I ate so much
crap at Susie's house I like 17 pounds
of candy that could have also been it
but today is about there's ice cream on
this one what did I just say options as
I opened the abundant possibilities of
my life's path I'm reminded that I
always have unlimited options life as a
buffet and I allow myself to choose
whatever makes me happiest without
limiting thoughts like you can't put mac
and cheese on your baked potato that
sounds great
mac and cheese on a baked potato I like
this one and ice cream with like shrimp
and stuff in it which is your
interesting I'm open to the but
impossible my life thought I might
others but I'll ow I allow myself to
choose whatever makes me happiest that's
really cool I like that I know I said
the same things about the cards every
school day with us because I actually
really like them it doesn't matter if
the issue like is weird for makes you
happy friggin do it I do a lot of
grab all the damn time all the damn time
cuz it makes me happy no I mean dunno I
name go gardening oh the best trick is
when you're feeling sick or feeling
exhausted or feeling any type of way
you're the best trick you limited the
best trick right okay
having people stress that I thought oh
shoot I'm not even kidding I'd like
three calls and they were all so
stressful because they're all like I saw
I thought certain things were happening
they're like oh no it's actually the
exact opposite and we've cancelled this
and we're taking this away and now this
is harder for you and it's just like a
moment of real talking well my biggest
headpiece is that I try to do the best I
can in everything I do
it's like I'm a annoying keener that's
like we're doing this well okay it was
so much better if we do this because I
just wanted videos on my channel to be
good I want everything I do to be good
but very often because I'm a digital
creator there'll be people that don't do
digital stuff that are like make it as
hard as possible so they'll be like oh
yeah but you can do it you can do it in
like seven minutes right or you don't
need like a camera do this do you I'm
just like long story short it's still a
good day but I don't feel sick at all
anymore because after these calls I
guess all my soul survival instincts
were just like awakened and now I'm just
like okay problem-solve what we gotta do
I mean ok this what I need to do and to
hire this person to do this need to
write this ok I can't sleep on this and
you just stop basically this is what's
up we out here oh oh and do it just
kidding just kidding just kidding just
kidding we're gonna do it just kidding
just kidding I'm losing my mind I'm
losing Lema it's so sunny outside you
know what I should move to Hawaii hmm
take a shower
I'm Ryan Bob Marley feeling more calm I
know my brand was very vague and you
probably what the f are you talking
about I'm not throwing anyone under the
bus so I'm not gonna go into more detail
but all I want to say is that you should
all tweet your favorite creators right
now like whoever your favorite creator
is whether it's Ryan Higa plays jenna
Marbles or those grace Helbig I don't as
matters tweet them and just say I
appreciate you because I will say every
career has obstacles but there's some
very unique obstacles of being a digital
creator because it's such a new thing
where when you have a job that's so new
and unconventional you can have a
combination of things a lot of
opportunity
also a lot of people trying to take
advantage of you and so one of the
challenges of being digital creator is
trying to teach people the ways of the
digital age it's such a new thing it's
if the equivalent trying to teach your
parents about YouTube or your parents
about Facebook like it's a process and
that process is there when it comes to
working with people who are not familiar
with the digital age and a lot of times
the result is your favorite creators
getting tossed around and just punked
and taken advantage of and so preachy
favorite creators nothing no but
complaining about things not gonna get
us anywhere instead I'm going to focus
I'm going to work I'm going to say what
I mean but not say mean and that's
what's happening Lego how many you're
gonna do that to me
you always good so much work didn't we
yeah we did so much this is what you
call fronting 101 okay cuz this girl has
literally been all up in my place for
three hours up with the camera turns on
the she shines and stuff well I'm just
saying I wasn't prepared to vlog today
look at my hair look at me if you look
great
I think you look great and you should
know every time you seen these been
pretty blah
please don't make this the thumbnail we
did a lot of work right we did Seagal
work we can't tell your secret work to
so much secret work but it's a very very
cool secret work and now we're doing
more work yeah I never thought I'd get
sick of seeing Lily's face but after
shake what certainly Sam's you you know
you suppose it is Grandma and cabbage to
be blessed life that's how blessed you
are right now okay see my face out under
this face you know what you say we see
you we sing we sing so I'm going to go
do a little bit of my makeup fix on my
face out of that coal bit because
Lindsay is coming over then just leaving
for tour in a few days so I decided that
we decided we have to spend some quiet
time together so we're gonna have dinner
I got a lot of work done right now Sarah
dinner and then we got back to work
I'm feeling better I don't feel any type
of way hopefully that last because as
you know sickness usual ease the worst
at night and in the morning but um
that's going to happen without a sound
pool we're gonna do back then that's for
sure
too lazy to make a wedge below my
eyebrow
this thing where I want to do my makeup
unless I absolutely have to these days
because I got my makeup done so often so
I'm like you know Lindsey I'm undoing
makeup real friends what up I'm you
enough this party that's good math bang
alright washrooms clean everything's
clean I'm such a good host look at me
she probably pick up this pile of
garbage just kidding nothing there sorry
I think I'm blamed today I think I'm
blamed and my name's Nicola and even
before we started loving we were just
like this we're friends we promised his
drum Lindsay and I have the same vest by
the way yes we do rockin it killing the
game we tacked them a wonderful pad thai
some Thai food some Thai food and this
is going on tour soon we were just
having like a girl thing
I'm just talking about everything from
YouTube to boys yeah pretty much about
now that every time we're together we
look what YouTube and boys I literally
what we talk about
it's the best I'm cheating on tour soon
and I made of my bucket list item up
denounce before uh so Lindsay said I'm
going to hear up this bridge she's got a
yes ring and I've made my bucket list
item that on one of Lindsay's
international tour dates I'm gonna fly
to wherever she is and watch her show in
some part of Europe or somewhere and I
insisted that she has to stay and stay
on the tour bus with us for at least a
couple days and everything I show them
how I feel about our facial right one
two three that's all Lindsay doesn't
just excited it's the best I love her I
love her
they know I'm obsessed with you they
don't some much-needed quality girl time
I
that girl so much she's suffering
awesome I want to check my mail with see
me real quick and now we go away to work
also the poop is do that should do that
while checking my mail
it's like poop on the way to milk
alright it's time to get back to work my
teeth w dick a little bit but that's not
gonna stop me from hustling hustling
hard
let's do Dan take Claire do you ready
I'm majority my vlog is just me making
noises have you notice like from now on
I'm gonna just like talk like a normal
person so you understand what I'm saying
you what's cookin good-lookin what's
cooking so I want to show you something
cool when I write scripts now I'm trying
to write the more professionally like in
formatted as actual scripts because
before I just write them like paragraph
like this this this person says this
process is and now I'm trying to miss
the script I wrote with Connor Connor
and it's like formatted like this now
like a legitimate script like I wrote
this it's my kind of cool I'm kind of
teaching myself not that I have to but
just like it does good practice and I
feel like writing it like that allows me
to go through in a different way then my
brain can like insert more jokes because
I see the way it's like laid out I don't
know but I just thought I'd share that
with you because I was proud of it and
that's what friends do they share proud
moments and that's all I just want to
tell you it's all sorry if you don't
care but I just want to tell you
go
it's my version of work to get it doing
actual work wo not W II get it get it yo
bill get out yo x 241 the amount of work
that just got done is not a game it's
not a game well there's no dykes there's
no cards ro
there's no game please not game what do
you mean I got some work on my to-do
list is that as a yo to-do list we
talking about it's not a list but not
let's be talking by race that ish brah I
reached that age I was like get out of
here what do you mean you're mi a my
children this is gone I'm trying to find
out a GPS and series like bike I don't
know where it is I can't locate it I'm
like you'll drop a pin it's like I can
my drool is God done yo I don't know
some creative we're gonna stop here and
like a little fairy nobody else I can't
tell you what I just did though let's
talk about you can't you don't look over
there
you can't look over there you stay over
there papers um I edited two videos Bank
that I had banked two videos I edited I
went to all my emails I sent all these I
had to send I sent creative ideas I had
to do um what else I do um I'm wearing
my Invisalign I'm fixing my teeth while
I do this so that's like a double wing
what else I do my desk is pretty clean
so basically I'm basically a cleaning
straight teeth lady get Matt ish done
you know I'm saying if I was just you
sit ups during that process I could be
fit too but not so much so I opted out
of that but everything else I did yo let
me prep you on something real quick okay
let me just show you something that's
about to be added to the lily pad okay
you ready
you see this your board floating right
here right here it's like a Peter Som
bitch it's going right there right there
and then I must sit there on my unicorn
floaties
i'ma read I made some crack cards some
hummus some cereal
acting and my unicorn lorry asking like
a thing where I was like yo I can't talk
right now I'm IMing e140 so back up I
should have to go to sleep because we
want to eff up my sleep schedules as
well I have it it's 247 right i'ma watch
only one episode 1 of Walking Dead then
we'll go to sleep cuz I'm gonna hype
ting right now hard time I'll say you
know what's funny y'all probably watch
my vlogs you probably like your Lily's
on so many drugs cuz she's so weird and
I'm really not this is just who I am as
then this is my normal self like this is
why I don't have to do drugs because I'm
so freaking weird on my own also drugs
are bad for you don't do drugs
except for coca-cola sometimes and maybe
a little bit war come turn it up with
Lilly
y'all public thank god she's finally on
the toilet you can shut the F up now
with the ridiculousness I know I'm here
imma watch one episode like I said then
I'm gonna go to bed
very productive day today we're hoping
to continue the momentum till tomorrow
my Thursday video is done my Monday
video is done and I my script pray for
my Thursday video as well so my next
doesn't because I'm just on a hiking
right now and changing my ways trying my
best to at least I have a lot of
exciting things going on like she'll
know nothing about y'all nothing about
it
so I hope you like strapped in and ready
to go cuz it might be exciting or might
not be I don't really know I don't know
I can't read your mind
but I hope you like it imma go to bed in
the meantime who also how could I forget
pay attention to my socials if you live
in LA because my official launch for
vows is happening in LA on Saturday this
Saturday that is Saturday the 9th stay
tuned to my socials if you live in LA
cuz we can meet and greet and hug and
kiss and we're adapting you're ever now
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe don't
we're on the roof the helipad we're
gonna watch fireworks on the helipad it
can be dope
you're probably gonna see this exact
same footage and everyone else's blog
but it's okay
let's go meet oh this is kind of
horrifying an amazing same time doh
