was popping though
every rejuvenation sundae I'm gonna
clean the place take this recycling up I
gotta pick up the clothes for my bed I
wash them dishes at asleep I got a I got
a Windex some ish I'm excited about it
all you know I feel about rejuvenation
Sunday who knows maybe I booked myself a
massage although I won't lie you know
recently I haven't been getting
headaches as much you know the back
where you have migraines all the time I
don't get them as much I think maybe
like I drink more water or like I don't
know what it is I've changed something
maybe I'm eating better I don't know but
like I don't get headaches as frequently
I still get them but not as frequently
so that's good
but we can rejuvenate on side number two
keep working and tomorrow is the fourth
of July and so we're gonna all go to
Susie's house I believe and celebrate I
told myself I'll have one day of
chilling that will be tomorrow but today
we hustle yesterday or the day before
yesterday was playfulness I didn't do
one of these yesterday says I'm a bad
person we're gonna do one today all
right for today it is personal growth
okay honestly are you attacked to all of
these cards to my forehead personally
imagine hello
personal growth as I move toward greater
consciousness I filled all I feel old
thoughts and habits fall away like
training wheels on a bike they helped me
get to where I am but now that I can
ride I don't need those slow crummy
wheels
except when I'm making bike analogies as
I move forward toward a greater
consciousness I feel old habits and
thoughts fall away that's so important
let's talk about personal growth
actually because Hamlet I often talk
about this idea that like sometimes
people will message me and be like yo
you change superwoman because everyone
is the thing can I can I do some real
talk connecting us with some real talk
I'm actually like sitting down those
real talk because like you know how I
get right okay how well do you think you
know me
like that's just listen to how well do
you think you know me I'd say you know
me pretty well you know pretty much what
I do every day you know the things I'm
scared of you know the things I'm
excited about you know my goals are but
I want everyone to be aware that no one
knows me as well as I know me so I find
it very interesting when people will
message me from back in the day and be
like
you've changed au Canyon respond to like
this Mestas and your soul and so I'm
just like how do you know I've changed
you've never even you me but the point
I'm trying to make is that people use
the word change as if it's something
negative everyone changes so someone's
saying that you've change is not an
insult when you grow you change everyone
grows do not grow you grown
you're taller you're smarter you're
wiser maybe you're dumber maybe you're
stupider but point is everyone changes
that's okay we stop viewing change as a
negative thing and it's a positive thing
you have to change to adapt to your
environment
I think jay-z has this line humbled us
well time they say I've chained my head
to change other what I went crazy in
this game like the game forced me to
change something along those lines like
it's true I'm not in the same situations
and scenarios I was in years ago I've
been different ones and I have to adapt
to them and you have to do that to them
so personal growth is really important
so they are really believe in but you
know what else is important eating
oatmeal let's do it
actually you know what I'm actually
gonna have cereal today damn I've
changed well so can I just say before I
start feeding that I know I've been a
lot on the Canadian pride tip recently
because like Canada's past and like I
obviously my videos a joke like I live
in America I appreciate all countries I
think you know Americans I've never all
met my recommends are really nice to me
but I hope I doesn't come across as a
from be a cocky Canadian but I'm just
really proud so basically it's pride in
Toronto right now and Justin Trudeau is
like they're in full force celebrating
pride and it just makes me so happy and
so proud that he's just so he's just
such a good leader that thus far he's
been so good it makes me so proud and
I'm just like that's what I should be
that's the way it should be
Trudeau Trudeau you Trudeau been
cleaning for hours two things mabui
shane dawson new book it gets worse he's
so freaking cute look at him shout out
Shane thank you for signing his book go
get yourself a copy it is a New York
Times bestselling author of I hate
myself eons it's a collection of that
essays and he's funny as f so check it
out second the thing was having such a
sunny place and cleaning it is you clean
it and the Sun comes out shining like oh
there's mother effin streaks on
everything I streak
over there as he streaks over their jaw
area I had more space my bookshelf by
the way for books something to figure
something out here
hey alright so I'll be a little honest
while you're right now and tell you how
I feel and I felt I've been feeling safe
like three days and I think I've talked
about a little in the vlog I'm going a
little crazy um I'm going a little crazy
because I feel a little lonely and I
think it's because I am bad at as I've
said many times before I'm bad at a
work-life balance I'm openly saying I'm
not good at it I work a lot I love what
I do and I told myself like hey tomorrow
you're gonna go show tomorrow and
azusa's else wouldn't show we're all
chillin it's fine but like I've just
said no to so many social things which
is fine because I've had deadlines and
I've had to do the minute it's cool I
don't mind making the sacrifice but I
think I've just said no to too many
things in a row and I haven't done
enough leisure things in LA like I think
in LA like in Toronto able to chose my
friends in LA like I have so many
friends here that I've not hot with once
and I'm turning to this person that like
won't allow myself to do things and I
don't want to lose that because if I'm
being real real talk a lot of the
success I have is because the sacrifices
I make I understand that a party is not
as important as a really big project I'm
working on so I'm really good at being
able to be like no shut the F up into
your work but I think I've just so I
don't know what it is at this particular
moment of why I feel like this maybe cuz
I said no to a lot of things like I
mentioned maybe it's because humbles not
here I think that's a that's a really
big factor as well because you when I'm
working like someone's beside me working
and I don't feel like I'm going crazy
but I feel going crazy right now and I
feel like I'm like I'm messaging all my
friends in Toronto and I'm messaging
from akio like what you guys doing I
like if I'm being super honest I feel
like I just want to be included in
something right now because I feel like
I'm kind of like just a robot a little
bit and yeah so I'm gonna see if I can
do something to chill tonight even
though Mitchell tomorrow on care I'm
gonna work a little bit and see if
anyone's down to chill because I think
I'm gonna get really sad if that doesn't
happen and I don't want to be sad so
guys want to shout out with you
I am bad at it I'm trying to be better
but that's my thoughts and feelings
right now those are my thoughts and
feelings on that note I know so many of
you are gonna comment below as usually
do be like Lily it's okay like go out
and chill I appreciate all those
comments but know that it's not easy for
me I'm telling you I'm bad at it that's
like someone saying you know someone's
scared of heights and I'm psycho because
just do what it's okay like I need to
work on it and I recognize that so
please don't comment below being like
you should just go out and not work
anymore like it's not easy to do my
brain is trained to do a certain thing
so I'm working on it I'm working on it
let's see whose Fourier I'm gonna go
friggin crazy be a before walk oh
why drink for swim I took a shower but
I'd be kind of nice that's a next thing
I should just do things like the even if
I'm alone I go for a swim go for I'm
just always here putting so much
pressure on my damn self you know what
it is I need to meditate let's go
meditate alright so 7 p.m. and Alex
Lauren and Yusuf are gonna come over at
like 9:30 10:00 to watch movies so human
interaction my work until then but
that's what's going on and then we're
gonna get our brain all on the right
place Bob Marley I just meditated
feeling good I choose positivity I
choose to be happy I choose to work on
my flaws I choose to work on myself to
be better I choose all these things
I choose to shoot Cher
each keep busy so I braved all my hair
and then not it's on my hair in the back
and I have this crazy situation Clif Bar
Mon there's also a smiley face on my
peepee pauldron mm-hmm I haven't done
any work today that's okay it's okay
did my braids myself in like two seconds
are so uneven and so messy I know
something about braiding my hair is like
coming to me I used to do when I was
younger to when I was younger you braid
my hair like this because I would find
it like very like not my face and this
is the process of doing is like focusing
on a task very calming to me then look
at my look at my shadow looks mad weird
but Lauren and Alex and Yusuf are on
their way when I watch movie
not a lot hungry you know maybe some
food and thing so do I have enough food
for them but I wash the glasses you know
none of glass with all of us chop let's
just talk about let's just talk let's
just take a moment take a look take a
moment talk about my girl Lindsay's
music video hold up hold up everybody
shut up okay you know my sis Lindsey
Stirling I love her and I believe she's
one if not the one of the most talented
people on the planet okay and she will
eat soon new video oh my god like five
days ago I'm a bad friend
five days ago I just watch it today I
literally emailed the tumble already
I literally tweeted about her already I
literally just like this into a sixth
time I'm but post on my personal
Facebook I am in love she is so damn
talented her videos so damn good
specifically I would like to point out a
certain part where I was like uh how are
was this happening I'm sure it's called
the arena
hold on hold on Eric hold on we showed
you I'm showing you I showed you okay ah
yeah okay she basically gets spun around
cuz she dances in it
amongst other things he spins around and
if she flies into Skylark
I've known Lyndsey for a while I thought
she had a spine according to this she
does not have one okay look at this
hello nice hon hold on so here she is
right take notes on wait wait Wow what
how what how I cannot bed right well how
oh my god you have no watch it is the
arena by Lindsey Stirling I suggest you
watch your right now right now because
it's so damn good now I'm forcing these
people to also watch Lindsey you never
see all indeed I like video ever
your life's about to change right now
okay here we go
no she's a dentist sometimes but she
like practices I guess wait this is a
her that's her that's her
music yeah
this one part where I'm coming up you
guys going to crap your pants because I
crop my fish
waiver away for it
I want the country so would you want to
see I've seen it I've seen it Oh scary
it's not scared but about to watch we're
still here it's a horror movie
Lauren is alreadying beside me yes for
her cuddling part I will cuddle with you
because you have muscles then I enjoy
that um he said if muscles are only for
me oh hey oh girl oh let's do it was
happen ah that was so needed we watched
movie we told some ghost stories we just
talked and had a good time
that was so neat I feel so much better
so much better they also signed now I
have more things I'm gonna try to fill
up this whole thing or like you know
close to it um what time is it the time
is 225 I'm gonna watch an episode of
Walking Dead and go to bed I did zero
work today a true rejuvenation Sunday I
guess that's okay because it was mostly
regeneration Sunday
it helps putting so much pressure on
myself to do some work and that's
against the rejuvenation Sunday rules
tomorrow I'm gonna do some work during
the day and then for the I'm tell you
for the billion time my hair is just
done you know when types of building
time I'm going to sue these were fourth
of July Tings it can be good look at
this Rana you take this out now that
I've done my meditation and okay let's
go walk to the toilet oh by the way I
noticed that I had four million
Instagram followers so thank you so much
for that I appreciate it you take this
hair out while I'm sleeping
thank you so much as really awesome I'm
gonna make a post about it but I haven't
found the right picture do so yet so
thank you that's very cool
I'm an Tibet I'm actually a little
sleepy which I shouldn't be because I
slept on so much but I'm a little sleepy
some go cheap and um I tell you tomorrow
okay okay okay okay if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe I
don't like it so yeah I just got to
point out that super hoon has changed so
much
la has changed her she should not talk
about this kind of stuff like
slut-shaming it was all about fun stuff
she's
different now I guess that's what
happened when people give you money to
talk about stuff
I missed the old supalen yes the
slut-shaming industry wrote me a big fat
check and said hey could you like do
your piece to change the world and kind
of like maybe spread some positivity and
we'll pay you you want yep
this luxury industry paid me a million
dollars but I was like shaving
