it's fine waiter Thursday dammit
good morning yesterday I went to the
premiere from Mike and Dave and it was
so freakin good
I met Zach and Adam and I just could add
to conversations with Zach throughout
the day and both I was a little bit
awkward cause I was like but it was a
really dope movie was really funny
actually
today I'm dropping down into the airport
right now and then I am call then I'm
gonna put license plates on two cars and
then I have another call and then it is
video day I was supposed to have my
video today done but that got postponed
a little bit I think so I think we could
have to make a video and it's work day
oh my god how much things to do
beautiful day it's gonna be awesome day
it's gonna be it's gonna be so I'm so
weird right now okay yesterday was about
powwow let's see what today is about you
knew you knew you okay today is about
positive thinking did I write these
cards are you like what you get your
positive thinking in the garden of my
mind I already love it in the garden of
my mind a lot of the good thoughts and
weed out the bad ones I know it I throw
in forgiveness and empathy seeds by the
handful if I want and I take a lawn
mower to that jealousy and resentment
patch I'm a pretty bad beep mind
gardener I love that in the garden of my
mind I water the good thoughts and we
are the bad ones you know I like what
this cards they emphasize how in control
you are they're not just like oh you
know bad things happen just you know
tough em oh it's like yo you're in
control that's why we like these cards
dances crack-a-lackin' nominee ready to
go two minutes she said that ten minutes
ago days yeah you finished my call when
my calls that canceled but I finished
out the call ahead was the interview I
was doing on my hoverboard and I ran
into something so I was like yeah and I
started YouTube started you to youtube
on that's what's poppin is so hot it's
so wonderful it's a great day hope
you're having a great day I haven't been
that productive yet and it's five
a bomb that the video had prepared for
today I can't release for today I'm
hurting for make a video so much stuff
that dome but I home and get mum
as I just posted my sexy picture with
Zack and Adam were you seeing what he
was that was popping um and that's was
crackling - what's going on and I have
nothing else to say other than those
things also you I shed like a mother if
I don't know about you guys but I've
shed a lot like my hairs everywhere all
the time
Opel's cracka lackin time is 748 p.m. I
think is at the right time 748 ya much
made my video since well it's Canada Day
I'm making a video it's my annoy love
some people are pissed so Americans off
but it's all in light-hearted fun it's
called what Canadians really want to say
to Americans now it's like this like a
stupid friendly rivalry Americans and
Canadians have like you know it's
friendly it's nothing too hostile but I
always get teased for being Canadian by
my American friends cuz I move to
America I get teased about everything so
it's just like you know a little
friendly rebuttal South's gonna I'm kind
of Nordica shot this video so much
better in Canada when I was there but
then I was told I had to lose another
beard a long story short is annoying but
I created this Molson Canadian bottle
obviously I couldn't buy it so I just
like made a prop out of it on another
label that's a maple syrup I have I make
this thing happen let go so I'm gonna be
honest that video was not fun to shoot
because I just kept thing like this
could been so much better if I had the
props from Canada and if I had more time
to prep and if it wasn't such a
last-minute change so I'm a little bit
annoyed and the lighting just changed
too drastically it looks like that play
two characters looks like totally
different places and different times and
just like I'm sorry trying my best I'm
gonna edit this release this meeting
some stale pita chips so that's all I
have and I'm going to eat some dinner
and get my life together a little bit
because I'm clearly falling apart as an
adult which I'm clearly I'm don't so
stale yo I'm so happy so where you like
the video is actually doing really
really well and that means really happy
I tried to adjust the color in lighting
as much as I could but I'm not good at
that I'm not a color
factor do any of that stuff yeah so I'm
really glad you guys like it I cleaned
up the place a little bit I still have
been my most productive self I've only
done call and video and dropped off an
Anthony he and a few other things but I
still have a lot of work to do so i'ma
do that I investigate some sort
of dinner situation since I need
anything and now everything's closed not
being a good adult today no I'm just
kidding I have Oreos oh wait those are
still in case you're sitting there like
why is everything in Lilly's place still
really such a waste to everything is
still everything be tasted like drywall
I pick up a piece of bread tastes like
cardboard reason is I'm one person
living here I buy things right I have
finished things one person Pete things
that you buy in the grocery store
don't come equipped for one person so
things go bad and I try my best but
things still go by a me yam say so I
might have to have three still Oreos for
dinner nom I figure something out
still but fries almost still will keep
you posted because I know your days come
to a halt because my and white dinner
situation at least mussels Big Poppa
Pump carinii I'm just going crazy I
think I live for you I think I that boy
I don't do any of those things I I don't
want to die for you I don't I don't know
you know people say that I would die for
you and stuff I'm just like why would
you do that I'd be sad you know like why
would you is love Sam says like yo I
take a bullet for you I'd die for my why
would you make me live with that guilt I
don't want you to do that don't do that
that's that's rude that that's selfish
but why would I want to why why would I
want to live my life knowing that you
took both of me I love realistic love
songs bro realistic like y'all I I
occasionally might give you the last
piece of cake that's you know I'd be
like you know what I can live with that
and that's not gonna keep me up at night
you know what I mean I have a bigger
sweet tooth they just make logical sense
give me some practical things like you I
buy you a gift card I'll be like are you
I can that's something I
you live with you know I think I lie for
you like don't do that I think dad so
you I don't why you gonna make me buy a
black dress for no reason that's a lot
of work
no I know I didn't have oatmeal for
dinner you had oatmeal for dinner you
first time ever I saw I saw a bug in my
apartment first time as the movie I
thought it was a small bug but still I
had like a very big attack so that was
not cool so I don't know if I evolve
droite today I might have not assigned
to sing in front of a computer all day
long had some semi-product TV right now
but I have had some semi-product to do I
speak English I was semi productive
today it is my video and a few things
but I just I feel like I didn't go into
boss mode like I usually do I don't know
if it's just like cuz it's hat or what
it is it's just tomorrow I gotta go into
boss mode or making sure that the tasks
that I'm doing or bigger tasks I don't
feel like I'm accomplishing as much I
don't know tomorrow we got to go into
bow smoker I'm just like boom boom boom
boom boom things up let's another thing
that might help is a proper food I need
drinking water these are my thoughts I'm
all over the place oh right to annoying
you know in your small pimples I have
one here and one here you can see it but
they're like not pimp less bumps they're
not like pimples there's nothing there
just like twittering bugs I updated my
calendar oh gee okay I also have a hole
in my pocket right let me show you like
I behold in my pocket I can't show you
cause I'm kind of naked but not really
thinking about I'm not my shirt I have a
hole in my pocket and so big I put my
phone in my pocket and then it falls
through my pant leg and onto the floor
that's a little bit of the holy way bug
is um I was updating my calendar I have
so many travels coming up didn't leave
the light on upstairs
Bumba clot I have so many travels coming
up off the top of my head over the next
two months this is where I'm going New
York Montreal Miami Italy Brazil Kenya
I'm pretty sure these are all places
that are likes that might confirm so
it's very very exciting I'm looking
forward to it but it's just like I'm
gonna really really have to work on
getting my videos done in advance and
getting better at this see let me
explain why okay I actually don't like
that I made my videos on the same
like I make them every Monday and
Thursday that's when I release them
that's what I make them to all day
Monday all day Thursday marketing video
and every Monday and Thursday Mike Frank
I wish it started yesterday so I had
more time but then the yesterday's are
so busy that's the problem
I everyone knows the kheema Mondays and
Thursdays P so they packed the rest of
my schedule and I'm working on so many
things and I'm trying to the best I can
possibly do but I'm have to think of a
system or maybe like in my brain I tell
myself it's Sunday and Wednesday so that
I do have more time a little bit I don't
have to psych myself out a little bit
somehow someway but as we track like
animal wash my face turn off this stupid
night dad why aren't you turning off why
are you on why you so on how could it
turn you off should I remind you of your
mom
well we're passionately kissing will you
turn off light bulb hey she looks off my
phones my pocket okay we're phones my
pocket I'm a weird dude I also kind of
like made it fall through just to show
you for the vlog so I just kind of
damaged my phone just so you'd be part
of that moment whatever that should be a
love song I dropped my phone so you cuz
that's also something I can accept
widely why why why it's okay it's not
Sunday I figured up I just go run to the
ironing board like I've been doing the
last couple days you know Sunday is
Friday right what was that last Sunday I
come to Napa on Sunday Rose that Sunday
it was a Sunday Monday Sunday Monday
today released a video Monday
yeah I did I was here well here on
Sunday I have no idea what the hell is
going on right now I have no idea where
I was or what was happening today duck
no you how was your date tell me what
your date
come let me rub your feet come come just
me rubbing your feet I hope you had a
great ow
I hope you had a great day and
I really need to stop shaving half my
legs
anyways that my mind is just everywhere
this log of this vest smells like India
speaking of which I hope you had a great
day thank you for joining me on my day
tomorrow is a new day because that's how
the planet rotates and works and solar
systems and galaxies and stuff also did
we walk on the moon or did we not you
decide I'm gonna go now because my brain
is spontaneously combusting and tomorrow
I'm going to get to bouse mode we gonna
make it happen if you like it subscribe
ok hold on shut up lately I feel like my
IQ is leaking out of my ear right now
hoo hoo hoo
there it is if you like it subscribe
right top spa I'm doing a ton of motion
so you guys better keep yeah
I'll raise myself
