are you trying to smash straight from
b-town those still dogs everyone is back
to work I curled my hair look at me I am
on top of the world right now it is set
away it's Saturday night no one's back
to work it's just what I thought it was
Monday well hold rewind everybody else
is not I'm so excited because today
we're doing our first video shoot of the
game here's the video shoot not one but
two videos video a lot video - I had to
record some Lance after that for those
videos but I do my nightly movie that
pick up a bunch packages and do all the
other crap we'll see I'm just gonna
learn Matt bonus point some of the
productive mood today I just stretch it
out a little bit okay so for the video
we're shooting first will you tell the
coal wedding he said and when I wrote
this script I said to my team unlike my
on the concept of a wedding is like an
Indian wedding and like an Indian
wedding reception which is like huge
amounts of decor lighting and
centerpieces and just like thousand
people these halls out here tying these
white people look at what they doing out
here these white people out here I also
just explain to them that Indian
weddings always have open bar
well Punjabi let me we've been doing
this for 10 minutes let me win ready 1 2
3 thank you
how many other people do you know have a
reflector for their boomerangs the
pictures no no like I'm
what's that word possessed a way out
well that's kind of cute one kind my
hair that a place there oh no no no it's
more this is a team effort so
congratulations on 13 million
subscribers to both of you watching
these videos people better blow your
mind I'm saying your few wins with let
me know let me hit them digits you know
I got that can looking mother effing
Hawaiian shirt swag you're you trying to
smash straight from be town though still
dog
and it looks like a spicy ting right now
the good tailor like a sweeter tang
right now look do it I do it with your
HR fine no sweeter tang right here okay
look like a tall tree right now like a
tall glass of water right now right here
how to be an evolved man come through
humble this why we're friends right here
what God is the next day this Sunday is
actually in the evening time that's left
and I did a lot of work finished rent
one about the court ran two that means
I'm set for my video releases for the
week you can hide your face so tomorrow
when you're watching this is a very
special day now good tell you why
because I wanna make you wait until
tomorrow but I will say I'm about to
decorate my place right now with all
this stuff and I'm really really excited
about what time is it
movie time with their decision a humble
Shaun of the Dead highly recommended
home alive both nuts you know I just I'm
doing a new thing I write down the movie
who directed it the writer and then we
write down my favorite scene because I
figure for to watch movies every night
might make it educational so I don't
remember anyone name unless I write them
down I have to write and photogenic
memory photogenic I have a photogenic
memory it looks great and selfies
photographic sorry I write things out I
remember them better that's the plan
let's do it okay okay shall I walk in
and I see you creative entertaining
movie love the transitions love the way
it was shot or write down my favorite
scene for now this is my hold on today's
Sunday which means when you watch this
Monday which is new video on the main
challenge love sneak peek
it's going down with the types of people
baby yells on and she stayed to my main
channel youtube.com slash listen look in
this profession I know this come on
making new videos every Monday and
Thursday on that main channel sure
during super sixty where I comment and
respond to your comments if you let me
know the vlog fam st. so just using
extra love love but for now let's see
how we did
don't with me stay tuned for some
good vibes tomorrow's mom's gonna be
full of them and tell them whoo-hoo if
you liked it subscribe if you liked it
subscribe you'll get on my level it's
Monday my video so the week are done
what do you been talking about you got
her trying to kill it also real talk
please do comment let me know what types
of videos you'd like to see because I do
with the comments of course I don't
respond to every single one that'd be
impossible but I do read them I do take
your suggestions so let me know what you
want to see I'll try me I haven't
