advance warning that today's vlog is
going to have so much random
good morning the time is 11:00 I am bow
tied to the dentist but first I have
some oatmeal
ah I'm with my Nike shirt and tanks
Safia beside us can be a good day you
just stretch a little bit I'm throwing
my Calvin slider look at me when all new
fresh stuff looking like a swag down
Oreo cookie ish also blood clot is gone
the blood caught on my hand is
officially gone that's for the super
dope I'm at the dentist and I got a rant
about a few things just because I care
about the world and people but I'm
around later at the dentist right now I
go my convince my dentist that I know
where my visit line 12 hours date 22
hours do twenty two hours you know like
you know like 18 are you eight or
whatever you know you know whatever
oatmeal
alright so yesterday's card was about
self love the cool it could faxes today
is about gg gg gg gg ooh
power oh I see where this says power I
am strong I am grounded I am powerful
I'm like a cross between a dinosaur and
a tank but not a tank that is used for
war I'm like a peaceful loving Dino tank
who feels so strong it doesn't need to
do anything but be tank asaurus oh my
god that is amazing
powerful strong grounded you were
powerful you decide what's gonna happen
cuz you are the almighty powerful in
your life think about who could be more
powerful than you in your life doesn't
make any sense it's your life you should
be the most powerful think about that
speaking of dragons did they even say 84
dragons dinosaurs close like the cousin
of the Dragons your carcass is waiting
for me downstairs now we're gonna head
to the dentist - what's crack-a-lackin'
and the video I shot with Connor
yesterday is actually released next
Monday and I'm excited for it I hope you
like it until then my video for Thursday
tomorrow is already done
I'm trying my best to start getting my
videos under advance
I've said this a bazillion times in my
life this time I'm a friggin I'm
freaking try to do it imma do videos on
death advance advance advance I can't
speak in my vlogs why do you watch my
vlogs I don't speak English and I don't
speak well and I also just eat oatmeal
all day long and said for the computer
why do you watch my fight or no you need
to increase your standards I mean you
should be watching my definite like I've
people that do like Gustav I'm just
kidding my oatmeal's everybody turn the
F up hey yo what's poppin I realize this
is wonderful - for my blog camera just
sits on so I don't be dangerous and vlog
while driving hands-free up in here
head to the dentists I'm always like
five minutes late I need to work on I'm
always 10 minutes late I always leave
early that I'm always like Craig it's
taking me five more minutes today
somehow it's a beautiful day today I
think I started I'm going to move
parents Zac Efron's new movie I believe
called Mike and Dave need wedding dates
some sites see that nothing he's gonna
come with me so that's really really
dope bring get my hair and makeup done
for that as well so I need to go home
and wash my her but that's pretty much
is crackalacking I'm stuck in traffic
traffic is clearing up so your cars
ah okay so we learned that the vlogging
camera will fall if we go to cars do I
just got my teeth shaped that's right
you know as an Indian woman I shave a
lot of other things my legs and my herb
thing else but I got my teeth shape
which is the first introduced Okhrana so
she shaved a little bit so my teeth move
a bit more let's just say I bled a
little bit so I'm kind of like but I
also look look look look look
drag arse take me home okay so I said
this is gonna start off a little bit of
a rant of my teeth a little bit buddy
I'm sorry but this is what I've been
thinking about Salah it actually kept me
up at night because you know I'm like
oddly passion about things so inevitably
there's gonna be like a three-minute rap
what's important to me and a first story
I want to preface this with you know
what let me just I'm actually I don't
even have my container front of it
amazing wave is lighthouse I can like
speak a hundred percent perfectly hello
ah okay so I'm gonna preface this with
my intention and it was it my intention
is to spread positivity right now it is
not to be judgmental is to spread
positivity is also in hopes of doing my
little bit not that I'm the know wall of
the world but I like when people think
critically I think that's important and
so those are my intentions that is not
to say people are wrong and people are
right I understand there's very rarely
right and wrong there's different this
is me being passionate about the cause
and trying to help it so I'm gonna
preface the rant with that
okay so yesterday I tweeted because
there's a hashtag that was trending
called petal SEC heterosexual pride day
and that irritated me and I'm sometimes
I'll openly admit I'm self aware I'm not
the most patient person when it comes to
ignorance I have this thing where like I
get heated I'm oh my god I get really
bothering people ignorant but I realize
that that's not the best way to act like
sometimes dialogue and discussion and
education are important those things
require patience that's what I'm trying
to do right now that hashtag bothered me
even though majority of the people using
that hashtag we're making fun of it and
saying how unnecessary it was I've made
a tweet that said and I'm gonna read the
tweet just so I don't make up crap and I
say word for word what it was I tweeted
saying yeah I tweeted saying yeah
where's it okay I put it saying hug
yourself every time I said I tweeted
saying I tweeted saying if there's
someone who tweets hashtag heterosexual
Pride Day you probably also tweet all
lives matter and like a boy we probably
won't get along and a lot of people were
like Amen with of course there are a
huge group of people that were like what
the eff why is this wrong I'm going to
discuss three things one is going to be
heterosexual pride day one is going to
be the whole all lives matter situation
and related to that as gonna be like a
boy okay everyone should be proud of
their sexuality of their skin color
everyone apologetically proud of who
they are period however heterosexual
pride day is in my opinion I believe a
slap in the face to pride like you know
this is the month of pride where gay
lesbian trans where all those letters
some of them I prefer getting but all of
those people celebrate probably because
they face inequality they face lack of
equity they face a lot of hate they get
killed for their sexuality they don't
have the same rights as straight people
they face a lot of adversity and
therefore their pride is a sense of
empowerment because they've had to fight
for a lot of things now
when you have a group of people who are
using pride and using a hashtag or using
anything to fight for their rights then
you come and say well I'm not included
in this it might be because you don't
face the same hostility towards your
sexuality and this is really worthy is
the blunt way of saying you don't need a
heterosexual pride day cuz every day is
heterosexual pride day kid you are
allowed to get married in more countries
than gay people are I can't think of one
country where gay people are allowed to
get married and straight people are not
okay
generally people don't get killed for
being straight generally people don't
get bullied for being straight and
people were just like what I can't be
proud of being heterosexual be proud but
if there's a month dedicated to a group
of people who have gone through so much
let them have it you know it doesn't
matter if you're not included in a
hashtag be happy you don't need the
hashtag you don't say and then a lot of
people treated me being like oh so now I
can't say all lives matter okay the
thing about all lives matter it is all
lives matter that hashtag was a response
to the hashtag black lives matter and
the hashtag is black lives matter it's
not only black lives matter they're just
saying hey we're experiencing a time
where in court black people are being
treated unjustly not only black people
many people do agree but specifically a
lot of black people get treated poorly
they get um targeted by police they're
getting treated unfairly by police they
don't get clean water in certain cities
they are facing a lot of adversity
therefore they're saying our hashtag is
black lives matter to not saying if
everyone else but then people who aren't
black like what my life matters to again
certain groups of people require certain
levels of help specific types of help
help and specific types of empowerment
and if you are not included in that
hashtag it's okay not everything has to
be about you you don't have to be like
oh well my life doesn't matter not no
they you don't need to have that
mentality same with like a boy when Dov
had their campaign like a girl who run
like a girl I fight like a girl it was a
empowerment thing and all these guys got
like a boy trending hey boys did you
have to fight for the right to vote like
do you deal with and you deal with your
own issues granted there's a lot of
issues that guys deal with that girls
don't and so there's definitely issues
on both sides but historically females
have been suppressed therefore we
require a certain level of empowerment
and help to regain self-esteem for a lot
of our younger generations of girls and
this is a wordy way of me saying shut
the F up you don't need one you've
always had the upper hand in situation
so let us have the hash tag I just feel
like it's a slap in the face to people
who are going through something for you
to come back well this hash tag does
include me so I'm gonna make oh it's
like hippy artists it's like engagement
species pandas are endangered okay and
maybe like what's another end was not
endangered what's that what's in that
why can I think of a single animal now
let's say oh my god I feel like we're
just killing everyone on the planet that
we know I know let's just say like okay
I literally captive a single atom or
monkeys let's just say monkeys and
monkeys are endangered I'm sorry I'm
unaware but let's say there's pandas and
monkeys you take special care of Candace
because they're endangered so when you
say save the pandas you're not saying F
the monkeys go kill the monkey you're
just saying that in this time and place
pandas need more of our help because
they're being treated and targeted in a
certain way that's what it's kind of so
what I wasn't I wasn't offending anyone
to be honest I'm not apologizing because
I really do believe when I stammer I
want you to see more critically if
you're one of the people that tweeted me
being like well all lives matter and not
just black lives matter it's not about
that it's about equity and humble
opponents taught me the great difference
between equality and equity and that is
equality is treating everyone the same
regardless that is not the best way to
do things I know we use the word
equality loosely I probably used it
incorrectly as well equity is what you
want that's when people have treated how
they need to be treated so that means
that equality would mean hey everyone's
gonna walk up this staircase of fifty
stairs to get into the school that's
equality equity is that hey we're also
going to have a ramp so people in
wheelchairs can get into the school
because that's what they need to be
treated
that is the end of my rant that is what
I'm trying to get across we're in this
together humanity I still have faith and
I kind of feel some type of way because
I do comedy and recently my Twitter turn
instance like political like whatever
and I'm not gonna be apologetic about I
still want to be make people laugh but I
believe in things and I stand for things
and I don't to be super preach to you
about them so I'll never tell you what
to think but I would just like to show
you a different side that you might have
not been exposed to before so that's
pretty much it than that this has been 7
minutes long I apologize might be super
long blog but I want to get this out
there I love you it's a great day Miz
line in Invisalign in Shekhar's
let's go also I need I do need to get
better at learning all the letters in
the acronym lgbtq+ is that correct I'm
sorry if I said that incorrectly but I
don't what I know if you notice I have a
bit of a stutter like slur sometimes I
talk and I can't like I acronyms like
that or struggle for me but yeah I'm
gonna take well I might see it also
might be because the buttons on my teeth
um so I used to but I'm going to wash my
hair so that when Renee comes to do my
hair he doesn't have to feel like he's
braiding french fries in my hair
um and that's was correctly made you
feel what I'm gonna wear your I don't
know where I see you you know what I'm
gonna wear
hey Bobby spoils with the poppy he
spoils me unicorn sticky-notes unicorn
phone case what key ring oh my god I
just buy it on the card just put the key
ring on it this unicorn what is it what
is it before the murder corn
mama mama corns mermaiden unicorn oh my
god what is this more sticky okay if you
know anything what we know I'm addicted
to stick your notes and focus like I'm
addicted I'm a problem legit problem oh
my god are these don't even tell me
don't even tell me search every tattoos
yeah and they have nail art so you can
put I map to put YouTube I don't time
YouTube anymore because I'm doing this
with Russia my life thanks papi and you
have something the same Punjabi a yeah
okay papi practice up digging Punjabis I
see it's my reader of this but uh man
tumse pyaar card up oh I love you but um
say bad dog so if I fear the best oh
thanks but me mmm this is a popular masu
entice here so I slept when they give me
all did right now who is yes hot in here
okay let's turn on a little bit AC you
don't want them to melt so I put
together self of myself I am so proud of
myself
basically it's a black dress I've had my
closet forever new Calvin Klein vest
it's my now watch and then I'm wearing
my red chucks and I think it's kind of
cute right right no one's nothing like
you like it
papi and there's like rocker I should
but we did my hair all rockers and on
tangent my hair all rocker ish my makeup
everything's good
I'm really start to see this movie I
love you say I love Anna Kendrick I
think she's hilarious
and obviously Zac Efron shirtless knows
matter what that either so I'm really
sighs he's movie
thanks shoutouts to Fox for bringing me
excuse movie
where
anyway I may be like an upper lip -
Peter sighs all right you first ready
yesterday and riding
Oh
hey Levi
the quality
I'm doing it okay so you guys better
keep
myself okay two things number one I just
had three fireball shots number two
thousand was so dancing I am not even to
saying that that movie was really
together it I recommend you all watch
it's so good the actor was Adams model
so that's why boom is over their
chemistry was so good when wash away now
an after-party was loud out there so we
came here to vlog and were just like yes
man the music was do karaoke right now
surely Tukwila lame-o I'm so exhausted
right now um and I said oatmeal I'm
addicted dog I have a problem did you
tell me oh I am going to head to bed
tomorrow I'm dropping another knee to
the airport and then nor am i doing two
calls how do you my license plate on my
car um and that seems like a problem for
tomorrow today was so much fun the
premiere was so much fun um it was
really funny like I'm really inspired to
do some spontaneous issue right now and
I met Zach no matter what there is so
great and wonderful I can't comprehend
right now cuz I'm a little bit but like
yo I tell you tomorrow
um other than that yo shadows again to
Fox for sending me there had a great
time and it's I've had popcorn for
dinner two days in a row so he learnt
how to be adult I let you girl cuz I got
the I got the course outline right here
um but yeah I wasn't that hope you had a
good day Thank You Jaime in my day if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe so Clara didn't show up he's
such a diva he always cancels on me
anyways kind of showing your oh it's so
hot he's being such a good sport and
boiling yeah you see this video realize
that I was sweating with a purpose
