it was some how you doing I'm so late
I'm heading to a meeting and we have a
very very busy day ahead of us because
today is prep day for tomorrow's shoot
and tomorrow shoe you have not know
nothing about so we talking right now is
pointless but I'm gonna tell you all
about afters me my another thing if you
just haven't pretty my hair in ponytails
recently why cuz I got my haircut it's
not so immensely heavy and it doesn't
kill as much of a parent ponytail also
I'm putting like a low ponytail not a
high point is I know that was like super
stressing you out and you wouldn't be
able to function in a day because you're
like oh well these hairs in a ponytail
we have to like make sure the world
halts because of this important
information like I said I'm heading to a
meeting
good morning to cars oh the first time
yeah your gosh you scared me with
Shambala the hell is talking um hanging
to me like I said today we're going to
see a Gomez concert which I didn't even
anticipate going to what happened was
Sarah Messer being like hey I got you to
get to the concert and I was like oh
great and apparently maybe her record
label wants to give me like a gift or
something I have no idea but that's cool
and spontaneous nineties for who I want
to take so that's what's happening
tomorrow I'll have a shoot I'll give you
more details tomorrow but basically what
it is is after shoot with some really
cool people and it's gonna be very
difficult to shoot because of such a
small window of time and it's gonna take
a lot of preparation so today we gotta
do that and buts k cuz won't work really
really hard and then we run the concert
and a good time but let's go to this
meeting because I'm I'm so late okay
alright okay Billy says hi everybody say
hi Lilly
hi sorry Bonnie just have dope meeting
and head back to a bazillion things um
apparently Selena's uh my girl Eva also
sent me like the revival tour jacket so
Ike is gonna send it to me cuz I sent it
to her um that's pretty dope I wonder
I'm time for who I should take with me
though this is the floor hello hello oh
there I am
hell it is such a beautiful day Wawa
what are you saying what he's saying
what he's saying what he's saying I'll
be having a great swell day I decided
I'm taking Lauren to the synagogue's
concert with me laurdiy I was like King
but he's actually sick I was gonna take
Lauren and it's gonna be dumped I don't
know where I'm sitting I know what's
happening I'm just excited to go and see
it again and that they just gave me
tickets and I don't have to like go and
like freaking attack 17 people try to
get them yesterday was we need to do and
today is about although like it's
already 3 p.m. so like I honestly let's
see what today's about today's about
magic now you see it now you don't you
talking about no we talking about what
check your pocket see told you ah I
believe in magic in pursuit of magic
what up necklace reference I see
evidence of it all the time and though
the tricks can pop probably be explained
away by something sensible and ordinary
I'd rather not ruin the fun other people
can feel their days with mere
coincidence
I'll fill mine with holy crap that's
unbelievable
I like that you're never too old to
believe in magic ish like that yo now
sister do you like believing in things
here's a night mister question for you
serious serious question which body a
spooky okay but a spooky
oh do you believe in ghosts
I just want to know because I love
horror movies and after every horror
movie and neva tably I start talking
about like ghost stories and telling
ghost stories do you believe in ghosts
and if you do or you don't tell me why
maybe you've encountered something maybe
you haven't I want to know if you do it
don't comment below because you know
maybe I should make like a scary video I
don't you make scary but it's on my
channel I love horror and I was saying
horror like me like it sounds like
you're saying whore I mean you know it's
whatever you want to hear really no okay
so I don't know if you notice but I
don't know if I said this before in a
blog and if I'm sorry for being
repetitive but outside is so hot like in
the living room and my room was like a
different climate it feels like a
different country it's so cool in here
outside is so hot so I had to come here
to eat right now because I guess mad hot
outside on the note of you Pettit if I
noticed it like I think it's not comment
about this and I'm not saying this
defense I'm saying cuz I want you know I
actually do read the comments and I
appreciate um those are what I'm looking
for
criticism I actually love criticism I
actually read comments when people say
like I don't like this or you should do
this better like I actually think about
and work on it but I read a comment that
was like your day to look repetitive and
you repeat yourselves then I do I always
questioned why people watch my vlogs to
be honest because like my days are mixed
of saying I'm tired saying I've worked
to do saying I'm doing work trying not
take a nap that's my day every day but I
want to talk a little bit about that
because I am NOT gonna change that I
think when I started vlogging and even
through talking to my friends like Jesse
and Jeana and other people who blog I
think the main thing is to never do
things in your day just because you want
to vlog them like yeah I could go
horseback riding right now fruit and
with the I if I want to go horseback
riding that's fine I should do it great
no vlogging but I never want to do
things thinking like oh I should do this
so I can vlog it I don't think that's a
healthy life and I'd rather just have my
repetitive life and showcase that and
hopefully you still like it and are
entertained and if not then I totally
understand but I shall want to get in
the habit of like doing things that I
wouldn't actually do there wasn't a
camera I don't think that's healthy and
I don't think that's like gonna help
with the longevity long
javadi of my vlog channel I just want to
do what I do anyways and bring you along
with me so let me know what you think
about that it's so hot I love it
are you seeing this that we all know how
to shut up every shut up you shut up yo
yo yo
Brad shut up you shut the F up already
shut up so it's got something to my
house still he know he'll let me show
you this real quick this is really
really cute for several reasons first of
all it's a notice from Interscope which
is a Selena's record label and it says
thanks for being awesome just very
simple thanks for being awesome and they
send like I can't really sent this to me
I'm so appreciative it's a revival tour
jacket with my name and my name is
spelled right that's the first day knows
my name is not right oh my god hold on I
didn't look at this properly it oh my
god come on kill him with kindness soon
revival tour it's an official tour
jacket that they got for me that's
really friggin sweet I'm super touched
thank you so much Interscope and sell
for friggin give me the freckles off the
damn table where's why not try don't
care if it's 100 degrees outside I'm
aware this issue right now today I'm so
happy I'm so excited and it's not even
honestly I'm so past the taking pictures
of their meeting earthing like I just I
think she's so talented and great I just
wanna go have a good time and so like
I'm excited that I got this jacket and
like I feel like might included in it
she's dope is it my birthday and I don't
know about it is it my birthday is it
now is that I'm about the ball click no
that's okay we speak of my brother blow
candles right now because I see a mad
inch right now I also got a package from
Nike Oh a new sports bra you know how I
love my sports bra oh another sports bra
oh my god yes another so my god I can
literally change my support for every
day but I want to do it not be
discussing question Wednesday one what
is this or ask what's up that's what's
up oh it's just it's a sweater dress
with pockets happiness I kid me this is
me and you tell my stylist stylist me
I'm like does it have pockets like I
don't hear what is it does my pockets I
love pop
Jack it up we're here mmm oh my god
being so spoiled thank you so much thank
you
oh okay come on come I just feel bad
because if like I'm showing off right
now by kind of I'm showing off because I
like oh my goodness okay I see a box of
shoes hole I hold on ohhh holla holla
holla I'm gonna go through all this
property I didn't mean to throw it like
that I just don't want to like be one of
those people right now but I'm so
grateful thank you so much I never
thought in my life that people would be
sending me boxes of things like never in
my life when I was growing up and when I
was in high school I used to save up so
much money to buy things like this and I
used to like cry over pairs of shoes and
begged my mom to get them for me and
it's just crazy and I'm so grateful that
people send me things like this thank
you so much thank you and just I feel
really grateful in general just in these
moments I was think back to like where I
used to be in life and if you ever feel
like you want to give up or you don't
sorry you want to give up or you don't
want to work hard or you don't like just
I just what is my life I'm so grateful
thank you so much gonna shut up right
now
I'm so extremely humbled and grateful
for the life I have right now thank you
all so much for being part of it I'm an
official and make up so we can go Sicily
and Gomez concert let go and I go like
up here need some volume rocking out
boss your vibes
we're silver shoes in my revival tour
jacket and that's what's up mix a must
exist upon my right side boo boo because
I they are sexist upon Marisa poop so
sleep so loose so don't stop the yard
yeah I know I could is this good
Oh ain't just gonna go mess closet
and I just realized again that DNC dnce
okay against that school
um we've headed there or to have a good
time ladies night you know girls night
out I mean all my friends I'm the only
friend that matters it's gonna be don't
even have to do your you know misleading
over stand girl and I'm going to convert
you into one today as well doesn't want
to Beyonce's oh my god yeah exactly
which Beyonce as well which is
spontaneous counters leper antenna for
disaster that's what's up
so we speaking up our family and friends
tickets and I've learned that Lord and I
had this event in this combination by
not beautiful artist thing because legit
me obviously be locked meeting you so
it's totally fine but it's just like
it's a bit quick it's a bit hectic
walking through my life here you are
y'all out here y'all out here y'all out
here right now so we're in for our
tickets and we'll call is always a
disaster so hopefully they actually had
the tickets but that's what's up I just
like over my head with my revival jack I
love it Jack how dope we have to make
sure the jacket I kind of showed up I
show it a little bit more channel but I
do TD OTD from DIY up in here that's
what well that's what's that so we don't
know what the hell we're doing when this
offends a family area and we're just
like a mile or go man I'm going to miss
today yeah it's really Gomez but there's
a candy bar we tried to go over there
and take everything it's like giant con
can you see us and I'm pretty sure that
bar I mean I have feeling it's gonna be
open for me at least and so my e cell
knows how to treat the family and
friends so check this out late as f
all right Lauren let's grab one of your
children to do myself Reno's gmc's are
we to walk to our seats
who's excited for Selena go
another screener gomez concert me and
great just happened so sure see security
shut it down they're like you guys need
to sit down or like go into the hallway
or something
we're just boosting ourselves right now
feel special basically we would love to
take pictures with all of you but as
long as it's safe I have always said
that like come on for a minute yeah and
talk about form is also you can't make
the opening song sing nice revival
yeah
oh wait a minute why does this look so
cool because you're in it wait a minute
it's fisheye hold on yeah you know what
is this yeah this looks so cool wait a
minute I like one this hello
okay I'm taking it sorry guys Lily vlog
channel is now over because I'm taking
her camera and I am now taking over this
is a compliment cuz I love this movie
you look like the main animation of an
animated character and Cloudy with a
Chance of Meatballs
I have not seen that that's a comedy
exactly like the guys what kind of
camera is that right it's so big oh my
god wait that's way better girl familiar
with other women thing I like the
character yeah Google adage who let her
she literally we're gonna twin right now
to click on a picture of this guy
it's Ricky Dillon I can't believe I
haven't realized before always hears oh
my God look show show show tell me
that's not you
well what is you this is you this is
apparently me going to really Wow tiny
aqua Lele yo the time is one I have to
be up for six for hair and makeup so all
my shut the F up
go to sleep concert was great I got to
meet a lot of Selena's team like really
get to know him today which was really
really super cool should a great job as
per usual always killing the game um
yeah thank you for joining me on today
tomorrow is an exciting day so you
should definitely turn our my phone out
Oh awesome a me Greece tomorrow so
you're in the LA area you know what's
good i if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
I am dying at this first of all full
production is a lie tacky knows better
yeah we got you girl
uh me explain to what I got okay oh my
god is a surprise apparently this is now
a porn so I'm gonna explain what these
are okay we're gonna come okay okay
first I'm gonna take away your senses
okay so I'm gonna you know blindfold you
up a little bit
no longer see so you can envision me
okay we can't see me do I ever get to
see you yeah
promise yes not on my handcuff you you
gonna how is the last test
oh my god hired stripper situation is
you're gonna want to touch but I'm gonna
let you know you can so this is this PG
is this creepy place to your channel is
gonna be PG are you sure yeah okay and
then this I'll explain later okay I'm
horrified a little bit of chocolates for
you Oh Oh which I have to open I want to
be able to see you though in the
beginning of promise huh I promise huh
alright well hope for the best
I'm here by will so if anyone thinks and
being for since I'm not had a long day
and I'm gonna enjoy my dance yeah yeah
