we'll ever wake up more than four
seconds before I have to go somewhere
stay tuned to my life
good morning later cars okay we're
headed to bad mom screening and I'm a
little late not that way I'm not like a
lot like a little late
Nargis is gonna meet me there it's so
early the screen starts at 11 a.m. and
both of us were like so early but that's
just popping I'm gonna meet her there
and watch that I mean a call and then we
got a lap dance a very exciting day well
let's get to this screening the funniest
person stop is near here you're fine
the moon was so damn good I was in for
two seconds it was really good it was
really freakin funny I thought of
hilarious now listen to my unbiased
opinion from her because she actually
has the picture that's real I'm trying
so MUC it was good right the movie would
I'm ever doing so I never do with it but
she she was she was good she did her
part very very well everyone will be
proud of her and the movie was so funny
I want to recommend it to all my mom
friends yeah yeah yeah and it's a good
though I'm not gonna say oh are you guys
I'm gonna say it's good like birth
control
good birth good laughing good it is good
birth control show any desire you have
to have kids to also be moms out there
they want to take their you know teenage
girls you know yes coach is you take
your teenage daughters out there so they
can see how hard it is - mm-hmm
hmm that's not true that's what's not
loved it I love it good was that my once
Papa what's poppin oh my god the movie
was really damn funny I'm so proud to
even have a two-second role in it
because it was so damn good Mila Kunis
is just so beautiful and actually
everyone in the mood really good I have
a call in 20 minutes I had to have app
to head inside released a Thursday video
respond to a few urgent emails I really
have to poop I've been holding my poop
forever and then I have to I want to eat
and then I have a call and then there's
a whole bunch of things to do so it's a
little bit of a chaotic rush situation
but yo we waiting for the elevator so we
just like
are you how you doing also minor detail
narc this is like one of the funniest
people I've ever met my life she's
hilarious every time I chill with her I
like laugh hysterically she's so damn
funny
Allah Allah Allah
yo you you was crackalacking we talked
about it's not even 4:00 p.m. on my
videos out what do you mean what do you
mean you have videos on how I deal with
fighting also funny of the video is
called how I deal finances and everyone
in comments is like I thought it said
how you do with fiance's and I was like
girl for people you married and I'm like
yeah sign so yesterday was about no
judgment and if you don't like the
section skip it I'm not gonna stop doing
it but you can skip it if you want to do
so because today is about no need to do
oh I am exactly where I need to be
exactly when I need to be there's
nothing more I need to do I mean yes
there will always be laundry in taxes my
videos about taxes are these cards
psychic but in terms of my life's path I
don't need to do anything because I'm
already here I take a deep breath relax
and trust and then do laundry um this is
the first card work I'd like but I don't
completely agree with um you are exactly
where you need to be I will agree in the
sense that every decision you've made is
perfect even you're not where you want
to be in life all the decisions you make
were yours and you can part of them
because they were yours and there
authentically yours but I also think
that if you're not we want to be in life
you should work towards not being there
you know you know I'm saying so that's
the goal work towards I always think
like what will my future self what my
tomorrow self thank me for doing today
and I try to do that but that's what's
crack-a-lacking videos I have things I
don't envy all right it's that time of
year feel like it happens every week I
get ready I'd go one place and I have to
try on 6000 things honestly is that time
of year again Teen Choice Awards you
know how I feel about this you know I
feel about a boding award shows in
general okay but I'm gonna put this
information out here to super has been
nominated for three awards choice
youtuber choice web star comedy choice
web star female those are the three I'm
so humbled and grateful I'm running for
three that's really really freaking cool
so thank you so much that's all you team
super legit we're in
this together if you would like to vote
I'm sure you can do it a billion times a
day I'm sure they would love nothing
more than you sitting there tweeting a
billion times I J if you would like to
vote I would be very grateful to do so
if you don't want to vote because you
have better things to do
I'm not mad at you at all we're in this
together if we were in great we don't
great you know I mean it's we know what
our goals are it would be super cool to
and I'm like Elias surfboard even how to
swim I just sit on the beach like on a
surfboard like sorry for to be honest I
really want to win a surfboard so I
could take a picture with him that I
could finally use the caption surfboard
Q Beyonce track and it would actually be
like accurate yeah I'm saying but yo
we're here to change the game we're here
to change the world
and that's what really matters but if
you'd like to vote I'll put the
information in the description on how
you can do that that's what's up thank
you so much for getting us nominated you
you you speaking of I need to get ready
for my lap dance I'm late Shekhar's you
ready for slap dance let go now it's
just vlogging a vlog so I've given you
sift the the warning right now when I'm
not happy about it but I told him that
if he thinks we won't be friends and
he's claiming he done everything planner
and I'll Burns got an idea for the
future to break yeah I had I had like I
have a lot of people on my list that
I've wanted to prank and you're on the
list and I wanted to prank you one day
yeah don't do it and the fact that we
won't be friends I think you just no no
I look at my face we won't be free
you're gonna throw away our friendship
yeah and everything you have it the way
I did if you prank me you're throwing
away from you serious yeah
no because Maya will never be able to
trust anything you're not true thank you
ever like Lily I'm going through a
really hard time wanna come on I won't
believe you I'd be like no you know I
feel because of one's eye what if I
swear after that one time that like
it'll never happen again
you can trust us how about we have this
conversation depending on how good the
lap dances and all we consider girl nice
fucking moment ha ha ha
have you been practicing you recording a
court apparently you watch the magic
mica spike does I just guessed
ok firstly miss out of my babies babies
hi babies
thank you super heh
I am dying at this first of all full
production here's a light Aquino second
yeah we got you girl all right look let
me explain to what I got
ok oh my god is a surprise apparently
this is now a porn so how can I explain
what these are ok we're gonna come ok ok
first I'm gonna take away your senses ok
so I'm gonna you know blindfold you up a
little bit no longer see so you can
envision me ok we can't see me do I ever
get to see you yeah promise yes not my
handcuff you you gonna how is the lab
test like a hired strippers a Jewish cuz
you're gonna want to touch but I'm gonna
let you know you can does this PG is a
creepy place New York channel is gonna
be PG are you sure yeah it's going ok
and then this all explain later
ok I'm horrified a little bit of
chocolates for you Oh Oh which I have to
open I want to be able to see you though
in the beginning of promise oh I promise
mmm alright well for the best I'm here
by will so if anyone thinks of being
forced in as I'm not had a long day and
I'm going to enjoy my dance yeah Buddha
so no comment this video is coming out
on Sunday we will chat Menten anyways
now that I'm back home I'm starving and
I'm gonna make me some sandwich then we
get to work it's over I got Thursday
evening free someone do a bit of work
and then I'm gonna also enjoy myself a
little bit memory and get a massage and
that's what I'm feeling right now
because my video done mmm Monday video
done and I got a script but Thursday
video as I've been saying so I just got
it I just walked into a wall I gotta
figure out what I'm gonna shoot that
Thursday video for next Thursday I'm
having so many secret things let's just
say July and August are gonna be lit
mother-effing let i we in this to get a
leg up
who when the Sun shines in my place it
shines man it gets so hot and bright in
here I love it
so here's the thing right this morning I
don't know if I came across I was a
little bit flustered this morning
because there's just a lot of like
things happening at the same time and I
had to multitask a lot so while watching
bad moms and after like stroke board
watching bad moms even after and even
join me at use of sounds around this is
so many people calling me text me which
is fine because I'm actually working at
working on two really big projects at
the same time which is not ideal like I
like to focus in on tasks but my
attentions being divided and it's just a
lot a lot of those so I minds a little
bit exhausted like trying to figure a
lot of things out but it is not even
7:00 p.m. and I'm done my video which I
just like I just keep repeating because
it just feels so good to say I'm done my
video so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
take a break in the day right now and
I'm gonna watch walking then instead of
watching it I like 3:00 a.m. when I'm
exhausted but I take a break take a
moment leisurely watch it okay possibly
book my massage for tonight and then
that gap like after I watch Walking Dead
and before my massage I'm gonna work
with heart again because like Lindsey
taught this to me she's she gave me this
author and title of a book and I'll tell
to you once I get it but it's about how
your mind it was really chic on
civilians was telling about how your
mind will force you to take breaks
anyways so it'll force you to do things
like you'll be working then you'll be
like on Facebook and like it'll forced
you that's your mind forcing you to take
a break so why not make the meaningful
break so that really that really
impacted the way I think I was like oh
yeah instead of me like if I'm getting
to the point of mental exhaustion let me
take a legit real break and do something
awesome and I really wanted to do
instead of like just like slacking going
to Facebook and Twitter and crap like
that so that's my little mini situation
watch Walking Dead's if I fancy my level
way of saying I'm a dog walking dead
right now on baka massage right now and
I'm freaking obsessed with hummus I'm
really soon for some hummus alright one
episode turned into a couple um but I
got a few more hours an hour about an
hour before my massage um so I'm going
to do some work
enjoy that massage that's a nice little
unwind you know bleed or not so strange
I had a migraine in so long and the
moment after I booked a massage
I got a pounding migraine so like I
don't know if I
she's like all getting a massage anyway
we might as well just torture you those
are you living in the LA area let me was
popping off and we read right off my
screen though still okay I have a meet
and greet it is on Saturday July 9th
which is this Saturday I will be at
Sephora Hollie Sephora the Sephora store
at Hollywood and Highland that's 6801
Hollywood Boulevard from 1:00 to 3:00
p.m. but what it is the same thing as
New York so the first 150 clients to
purchase any full-size Smashbox product
at Sephora the location I mentioned
you'll receive a wristband to meet me at
1:00 but the actual store opens at 8:00
and there's limited quantities so if you
are interested any of that and you want
like some boughs and you want a swag bag
and you want to get that Asian being
greet me and I lay there yo that's
what's up you can also check out my
socials I post it all over there as well
so I think it to meet and greet a lot of
you I've such a migraine why while so
why all of a sudden why why why Jim damn
it Jim
Jim a finger saying that massage was so
good if I was straight to see life fall
asleep on table I'm so relaxed right now
I'm like you although they just shut up
and go to sleep cuz I feel if I go to
sleep right now just fall asleep right
away or you know I'm gonna do me some
oatmeal first so I in sizing a hug I'm
gonna sleep and get a good night's sleep
you're all gonna be so proud of me or
maybe you don't care either way um
that's what I'm gonna do today
I had a half work I had a half work day
look at me getting better at life
balance for this current moment but
probably won't last
I don't have to thank for joining me
another day with my voice I feel like
I'm sleeping oh so good I'm sorry I feel
ah I've got a saying wheel coop if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
ah tomorrow I believe I'm gonna go to
Selena's concert all over again if you
like it yeah welcome to this episode of
Lilly is trying to dress herself so this
is what I wear like an army green cute
dress thing with these silver shoes and
then wear a black blazer on top my house
at all
Glantz I got my boss this is the vibe
this is the vibes like you know suppose
me like business cash so you know like
what I was to my thank you little dress
little blazer hopefully kind of I don't
know I don't know as myself know but I
kind of learned how to do my lipstick
huh
