yo class what's up
good morning good afternoon look who's
here Hey starting my vlog my battery's
on half asleep you can finish today
today I'm just shooting a quick thing
with humble we're actually in Humber
College I'm Humber College so we just
like found a classroom to shoot in here
really quick scene and then I'm going to
edit and shoot this videos for Thursday
and then I'm gonna have a bonfire on the
beach and then we're going back to
Elliot a few hours that's what's up we
were to do this first never on go more
talk to buy other events that took place
yesterday yesterday
and here we go yo what's poppin cleavage
is poppin I just got home shadows Tom
before helped me shoot that real quick
thing I'm working on Thursday's video
because it is in partnership with TD and
my right Terry TV's the bank I use in
Canada and I actually love them to death
so I'm doing something for that and are
these berries this is a berry tree do I
have a berry tree my hitting puberty why
is my voice cut oh my god the berry tree
the berries way John was like I want
about it
uh-huh and then I'm gonna go work off
finish working on that video try to
catch up on a little to work and then
tonight like I said I am going to do a
bonfire on the beach with Jason Ocean
e-brake said about because I miss my
friends vision my friend oh it sounds a
really hot I also got my period
everything hurts also let's talk about
the fact that my neck feels great
because my hair is lighter and I cut my
hair yesterday and it feels wonderful
it's still long it just feels so good
and feels so refreshing and I love it
yeah that's what's going on right now
I'm gonna eat some tin yeah I have not
you honestly you know I have nothing to
say I have honestly nothing to say I
just missed you
I want to vlog want a I want to see
what's up I want you to be a heel and so
that's why I started logging so random
thoughts coming into my head
I'm stepping on berries now I can't wear
these shoes inside because if I do my
mom will kill me because they'll be
berry stains on the floor also you know
I realized
mi wonder the my Goldilocks was a
Goldilocks in three bears that ate the
porridge or somewhere else the porridge
the nursery rhyme the porridge that
Goldilocks of three bears his porridge
is a was oatmeal because I like oatmeal
so I was like am i Goldilocks or is that
just totally different what's going on
my voice also this thing is peeled off
it's pretty much gone I'm gonna stop
wasting your life now may so many random
things happens the last vlog um I start
crying randomly I just felt like crying
here was I think I just like I'm having
this moment where I'm like oh I missed
so many things my friends and I think
the wedding like really put that in my
brain because you're like oh you don't
know about anything that's happening cuz
you moved away and you work so much and
you are bad at having friendships and
you need friendships I'm just I
basically cried and I'm gonna cry again
to chasten oh she came home but we went
to the beach is probably gonna rain in
like two hours but we're still deciding
to go and that's gonna it is so hot
hopefully doesn't rain and if it does
it'll be an adventure when here at the
Beast
Chase is big enough good boy good boy
thank you for all the help we got some
fried onion rings nine new chasey and
we're at the beach a very polluted beach
for ignore all of that protect us
beautiful scenery remove that coming
it's not a couple of got job worked
really hard to this day I get it I'm
pushing human took a lot of effort yeah
oh you can leave it there I mean this
goodie as it is we've been talking about
a catcher for the past like 45 minutes
by the way to look up look how much
ketchup they put in their car ride lane
why because I don't want to put my hand
all the way down that is wasteful kids
in some country don't have ketchup drink
this later for protein we've been
talking with the ketchup for 45 minutes
you got a campfire I smell steak Marsh
man doing nothing also we're missing
Game of Thrones finale breads good for
that have HBO anyways what is the vibes
from going on this is scheana hi
these are strangers this is me oh the
fire is going in my eyeball
I love rocks cooking hot da also the
storm is slowly coming towards us it's
approaching us is gonna be here in like
10 ish minutes but we're committed I'm
wrong are you struggling I'm not anymore
miss Ramona's whole things oh my god
you're recording me oh my god you're
regarding me no record record record the
record my dog that just fell you just
drop a whole dog in and see you're not
allowing more thoughts yeah it is 4
seconds later it is raining it is
raining none of us are moving I don't
know what to do oh my hot dogs not done
this is too much pressure
hey yep it's time reading is ready
pretty bad well we made it out I got a
shot a little bit still fun I think
they're gonna come to my car and chill
for a little bit we'll see you but woah
oh it is so hot the time is 1:00 a.m.
what are you cracking on this video I'm
estimating its containment hour - right
two hours to record and hour and a half
to edit then I'm gonna pack and go to
the airport and sleep on the plane
that's a plan - was going on did I go
what's up I'm on the set of cleanup
anthem right now my downstairs office as
to not get whupped but my parents
because shooting upstairs and be really
loud so I'm debating tea the shoe
against this wall or maybe even this
corner I've never shot in this corner
but it seems like it would be kind of
cool right the most painful thing just
happened and obviously instead of
getting a banded in fixing this dripping
blood I'm vlogging it because of my
priorities
my whole tripod like this little thing
right here my finger got stuck right
there and a fell on it and now my pinky
is just bleeding everywhere it's such a
deep cut and I today's been a
challenging day that's a lie
at a bonfire in the beach it was very
relaxing int webster's I've gone
upstairs 50,000 times this is throbbing
oh my god I can't I can't
I'm injured I literally have a sports
injury right goddamn this hurts so much
sometimes the smallest cuts can hurt so
much it's like pulsating in this video
on Thursday when I have
band-aid now you know why ah so is 3:30
9 a.m.
I'm 20 minutes ahead of schedule my
start editing I don't know why I don't
have a voice by the way I have no idea
what all boys does a beard finished with
an hour to spare so I went a little of a
nap they're heading back to the airport
Ted to LA and tomorrow none the nice in
LA she's in LA right now but she's gonna
stay over at my house for like a week so
none of these will be keeping the
company that second room was coming to
good news but I'm gonna take a 1 hour
nap you know how my district I'm like I
still fly with her Canada cousin getting
air miles today my arrow plans afforded
me like two hour wait because I got to
go in the priority lane
I wouldn't miss my flight if it wasn't
for those Aeroplan so I'm just sayin
sometimes you gotta sacrifice deal with
you douches to do what you do mean I'm
sane we're heading back to LA right now
a five-hour flight I'm going to end the
vlog here and I'm gonna start it when we
land back telly name is Amy there hustle
hustle hustle hustle hustle and I'm
excited to be in one place for one week
possibly even more than one week if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe holder
if you liked it subscribe watch my kind
of boob or your revives very different
guys that up dude
this is my outfit I'm only taking
Instagram pictures from here up so I can
read wear this outfit on a red carpet
just saying I'm sad with fashions that's
what's up
and a little bit different look I smokey
I give you some light down this tank
it's the vibes
