oh hey
good morning the time is 1112 I'm
actually really tired I like knocked out
last night and like was out cold because
I'm making up for sleep I didn't get the
night before but today is the wedding
reception I didn't vlog yesterday a few
reasons one as I mentioned I forgot my
blogging battery charger at home so my
blog battery right now the camera
batteries like decent but if it dies and
this vlog abruptly ends you know why
I've got the charger in LA so I
apologize I didn't vlog yester also
because like I haven't seen my friend
that got married in so long and it was
really nice just be there for her and
not be like this and real quick I've
talked about this before but I'm sure
you've seen Jesse and Gina's video I'm
sure you've seen many other vloggers
that go through things
I believe that decisions like that
wouldn't you know Tom time to time I
decide I'm gonna put down my camera
because I need to be like a human
without a camera right now is important
I do believe that decisions like that
will help me and the longevity of my
vlog channel I feel like if I keep like
making their decisions on like Final
Fours myself of law enforcement sector
block one Damon a crack and be like I'm
not doing this anymore
and if Jesse and Jeana taught me
anything you know they're my dear
friends it's that yo you need to have
that balance so yesterday was great shot
my vlog camera my closest when I closest
friends got married knows it was so
sweet wonderful today's the reception I
might blog I might not blog at the
reception on a vlog the rest of my day
mostly because I'm gonna cut my hair I
swear I'm gonna cut my hair because it
is so long like for the past two months
I've been so annoyed at my hair cuz the
ends are so stringy and it's so dead at
the end and I need to cut it for to be
healthy and it's just been so
irritatingly long also I haven't gotten
layers in like a year or two so I'm get
layers and cut my hair today I'm so
excited for to have some shape so that's
what's going on and then I'll blow the
getting ready process first we're gonna
go to a photo shoot with her I heard all
the bridesmaids and then there's a
reception I'm making a little speech so
I love what I can so warning in advance
if this vlogs not super long or
entertaining this is me being human but
I still want to take you along to the
parts that I can't that involve me um
let's go eat I'm so hungry I'm always
hungry
I want to eat everything let's go eat
also my feet hurt also oh my god I can't
believe everywhere heals also sure
my things pretty long also this is what
I'm wearing also mental chatter also I
won't say also anymore but look this is
my outfit cyber fashions what up what up
what up
it's really doping I like it okay this
clip has been 2 minutes and 30 seconds
shut up
also that fee and everything it's not a
big deal right because not a lot it's
gonna cut off right right don't you see
right yeah right
it's not it's because the kids that this
is that this is the ends we need to cut
off the ends a little bit and get it
later right yes right it's fine we're
good everything's great everything's
great
let me show you how just being kind why
you I mean me okay so yeah whoa really
wait ah we help you okay we got my
reaction tell me what you think I should
cut okay and then uh honestly okay yeah
yeah like that much oh my God my hair
will not be long anymore really okay how
much is the bomb I'm gonna have a bob
cut basically that is thought about this
how much are you comfortable with but do
you think like look it's already live
it's already dry do you think will be
mom still provides still hitting your
head hey no it's not it is look I
already dry okay but it can't wait is it
because you think this is dead yes it is
come here yes I was it am I here no
looking probably also be long jail relog
I promise okay what if I do half wait
like we'll go like here in the so it's
closer to what you want but you know how
about it is you want
you're right yes mister here okay when
are you gonna do it though when you're
gonna what is it happening I'm gonna
doing now
didn't-didn't I need you to stand up for
this triggers really long it's kind of
just convincing me on you side of
yourself yes what's good anymore
that's fine it's hair it grows back
exactly you should know that you
actually realize every day okay okay
okay
then you don't it is a short mr. Baum I
need to snap one more this guide I want
to turn to mess it up so let me know
what okay all right all right now let us
have you cutting so I'm going to go like
this what is the better one okay yeah
all right go for it easy yeah
sigh you know I trust you Gary few
people I would ever let do that here I
trust you and I know that the Bob will
look great oh my god do you want about
are you sure whatever give me something
days that's some water from the river
okay I'll look at it okay I'm gonna hold
it where's my okay
is that like a different look look watch
you know watch out I can do oh yeah it's
fine it's great it's good it notice if
all I already feel so much healthier
will show you the final product when
with some layers in this edge do some
ish do the thing who knows when I when
I've got the camera again I might be
candy Johnson
okay you actually feel so much weight so
just the healthy and so light
well not light it just feels less
draining and straining on my life but
it's great so we done the haircutting
part yes now blow-dry we're done there
because it know a little bit more but
Lucien you're done the haircutting part
time you mad light up here you know look
in the mirror right now look in the
mirror oh oh my god it's so different
though it's short me actually but you
see it's like oh it's so much like
texture and life right now I like it I
like it sometimes you guys shut up and
let people touch your hair you know if
you're about that life these are the
vibes very different vibes get up dude
this is my outfit I'm willing to take
instagram pictures from here up so I can
we wear this outfit on a red carpet just
saying I'm sad the fashions that's
what's up and a little bit of different
look a smokey eye give you some light
down this tank mister vibes like express
to the things that have happened in the
last hour long story short someone
hacked all of my accounts for real
this wasn't just bottom G pretending to
do it for real at all my counts people
blowing my phone calling and messaging
me I was able to recover everything cept
my Twitter it's still being hacked right
now as we speak I'm so freaking stressed
because I was leaving the house to go
put on our best friend's wedding and
some was hacking my account and with
running around everywhere I'm sweating
forgot half of my stuff at home so
freaking frazzled stressed the whole way
my team is working on it they changed
every single one of my video names on my
channel oh I'm so frazzled I forgot to
eat I literally forgot my vlogging
camera this camera right here in the
ober I had to hunt down the uber and
call him back cuz also frazzled I just
want to say to the person who hacked my
account
first of all Fu Fu very hard and not
even like a pleasant type of F know like
Fu very hard and I will find you and I
will politely in a unicorn way destroy
you kill them with kindness times 10 is
what I will do with you because today on
all days my best friend's wedding
when you come to fo my ish and
appreciate that but a bobby pin just
fell out of my hair because my hair's
puzzled we're good
it's fine my team is working on it but I
just wanted to say not effing cool thank
you for all of you that were like
tweeting me and instagramming me and be
like oh my god your counter camera guy
working on it but like I don't know why
people do stupid crap like this it's
pointless I want to try my best to relax
as all my videos have been changed and
my Twitter's hacked right now and go
upstairs and be a supportive friend
right now but I am NOT okay thank God I
still look cute as f you okay yeah I'm a
toboggan
okay she's like yeah I wish okay first
of all it means I already know but my
T's when my oldest closest French is one
of that best friends oh he's right
that's right I heard her identical twin
Madhuri this is my tea it's just so
pretty and gorgeous look at how gorgeous
like you look damn wide science out oh
you bought the market that you shook so
good it's a wedding reception I'm making
a speech in my last minute speech he's
also doing her last minute speech
everything's good everything's great I
know I period my extra mic hurts and if
your period I got my period my stomach
hurts
um and I was going on and all as well I
no matter what happens even though all
my videos have deleted this is her day
and she looks gorgeous and I love her
and your shoes are damn cute girl yo so
we're here still have my Twitter account
but that's not important it's enchanted
forest theme very cool I really like it
as centerpieces are mad sick sue I don't
know how much I'm gonna vlog from this
point on because I am in wedding mode
but I think my hair's gonna fall out in
two seconds as well but everything's
going great every looks nice look at the
centerpiece
kind of really freaking cool it's my
group I took my hair out was falling I
look like they're disaster but the point
is the reception is over and I had to go
chase down my camera because I forgot it
and my friends purse so it's what hours
later forgot my camera again my friends
first went to hotel now on the way home
reception was great it was awesome
my friend loved those girls so much all
my accounts are covered have my Twitter
I have everything my Chingiz manually
changing all my video names back but
we're all good and riding home Indian
sweets believe it or not it's called
barfi yeah barfi least appetizing name
ever I'm home it is X 3:30 my feet kill
was a combination of heels and taking my
heels off I he kill I had a great time
had a few realizations today about a few
important things um I won't get too into
it right now because I'm straight-up
really tired and a little bit incoherent
but kind of just remember the importance
of friendship and that like I might need
to have some I might need to learn how
to have some work personal life balance
because I like love a lot of people and
I want to be there for them and I will
openly admit I don't know how to be
there for them as I'm chasing superwoman
not chasing super s I'm in LA hustling
being a workaholic I don't have the
capacity to do that and also always be
there for people and I want to learn how
to do that and I'll write again too
right now because we made all
sentimental Enosh but I just had that
realization where I'm like I love a lot
of people and I have some really good
people in my life and I want to be there
for them um yeah I mean bar V for now
I'm gonna go to bed tomorrow I have to
shoot some stuff and then evening I'm
having a bonfire on the beach
Oh chase an ocean II and maybe some
other friends can't wait to spend some
quality time with them um so I was going
on hopefully my Valen camera doesn't dry
it seems pretty good right now because I
don't have a charger for it hope for the
best if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe and thank you so much
for having my back Jin's whole crazy
hack situation
god I love you so much thank you the
amount of people that like tagged my
Instagram and like just everything I
appreciate it so much
we're truly in this together if you like
subscribe
we were headed to my first soundchecks a
really cool announcement I can tell you
about it now because you can seize
tomorrow basically Dwayne is launching
his YouTube channel and he couldn't be
at VidCon so I have the honor of
announcing his teaser and showing it to
everyone and he gives me mad shoutouts
in the teaser so soon basically like
talking to VidCon what is YouTube
channel and I'm going to announce it
those very : very excited
