ah
good afternoon I slept in it's a Monday
what am i doing it's not a weekend but
in his heart is a fourth of July yay
America happy fourth of July to all my
American friends and family and
followers and all of you I hope you have
a great 4th of July
I'm gonna get some work done it is to go
punished to be fair I woke up feeling a
little bit like under the weather but
I'm feeling great now we get some work
done
we're headed to Susie's this evening to
watch fireworks to chill to eat some
food to drink some drinks it's gonna be
a good day my first one fourth of July
here's that's kind of exciting
me and Lauren are both like cuz we do
Canadian but that's was crack-a-lackin'
let's see what today's card says doll
today it was personal great I'll present
personal grace those personal grace it
was grace helping it was grace Helbig I
don't know okay today's is peacefulness
oh because this is much required I have
a peaceful tranquil and untroubled heart
this is where I choose to spend my time
I can bring guests but any person
thought or event that brings drama or
chaos is not invited my heart is a
special property and I'm going to keep
it that way
so we can all keep enjoying it and I can
get my security deposit back that's so
important
oh my god this is why I choose to spend
my time I can bring guests but any
person thought or event that brings
drama or chaos is not invited it is not
selfish to take care of yourself there's
an energy in your life that is negative
it is not selfish to get rid of that
energy you have to do a rudely or meanly
but it's it's okay to take you take
yourself out of situations they don't
make you feel good that's not selfish
that's called loving yourself so I love
that that's super dope today we're gonna
practice peacefulness the goal is get a
lot of work done okay and recently what
I've been getting worked and I've just
been like social medias been distracting
me so much I'll be doing work and I'll
be like on Twitter for like an hour so
when you goal is to close those windows
not even have them open well I'm doing
work I got some stuff I can beat didn't
friend sign it now I have four friends I
move the post-it wall over here and we
ask to get work done and then go to
Suzy's and just Sue's these every time I
say Susie if Thomas can you calm down
and are you excited Sox team superba can
you speak English can you just
swoozie sounds like suzy is what i'm
trying to say but i'ma go there and
relax like this now huh you might be
wondering why they are you back in bed
because I my video for today done once
again the same video from last time and
it's still I guess hasn't gone through
the certain approval process so once
again it can't post that video and once
again I'm in a situation I'm like I need
to make a video today I scheduled around
having the video done so now it's like
an hour and a half until I got to go to
school sees us now to make a video I'm
not canceling my plans with Suzy because
I was gonna be there I'll have to come
back and make a video maybe I can try
writing it before I go and then coming
back you might be asking if you have
someone's work to do while you're in bed
because I'm just shutting down I'm just
I need a few moments to just be like oh
I also have the cloud with Conner but
that's gonna come out on Monday to align
with his schedule so it's kind of like I
have two videos done and I'm still the
situation where I'm like ah I need to
stress about making a video today why
it's just not the most ideal situation
I'm not complaining about it it's just I
mean take a minute to sit here and be
like ah so that's what I'm doing right
now
okay let's get ready i Majid having the
most useless day I do a little bit of
work but like I just feel so used as I
texted all the people in the group like
that came over here and they feel
equally as useless I know we just went
to bed late like we hadn't drink or
anything I just like feel so useless
I think it's guys like that industry
shut down so I haven't got any emails
and everyone's like on holiday and I'm
like trying to run the opposite
direction but let's figure out what to
wear fourth of July I don't know if
there's like dress up or something
love a can of flag somewhere kidding
getting what's that I'm wearing the
exact same overalls and tank top I was
wearing when I clap with Connor doesn't
matter you know why because everything's
not out yet so no one knows so I'm we're
wearing the same outfit yes I feel about
it that's going on and on but to take on
my hair and then we're gonna leave is
Sims gonna come with me and we're gonna
have a good time and I've had to talk
with myself and also clearly why he's
dressed remember during tour when you
would finish the show and come home at 4
a.m. and still make a video you're gonna
go and have a good time my Chris trust
might come home at whatever time and
make a video you know why cuz that's
what you does why are you stressing when
did you turn to a person that stresses
not muah
I read let go shutting on my actually my
shirt it's pretty it's pretty funky it's
just like messy well I'm telling you
like I have mad time now you know I'm
gonna be late you know I'm this is what
I do I sit here like this no Matt let's
have a conversation let's just chill and
then I'm gonna be seven hours late
almost Oh
alright so here's a little frizzy and
big and I was my straighten it even
turns straight you're on I was whatever
but now I'm just like I think I kind of
don't care I think I tricked myself and
convinced myself for a second that I
cared but now I realize I don't okay I'm
not sure if this is the right use of the
word meta but my socks are red converse
I'm gonna put a red converse on top all
right check out these cupcakes we got
for the fourth of July - and look look I
fit in I got cup
kind of frosted but they're like red
white and blue in circles of colors
right who took the flag outside the flag
oh hello flag y'all took the flag down
on the 4th of July understand
okay so easier please ask Susie's and I
walked and I impressed everyone with us
I impressed everyone
tell them how rest you were done long
ago so cool
I felt so cool I was like yo yo I know I
got to my shoes off so I literally
planet from time I came home like I feel
so cool you can't turn I don't have many
friends so I have to impress my bro
impress the people I do my dog friends
not phony right see you're handsome
today oh thank you
we're here we chillin we doin the damn
thing I'm sure dress though I want
someone underdone export pardon paper
and names like that is a legit turn
cause like a lot of work right now so I
use a lot of Canadian slang a lot of
times these people don't know I don't
want it going so one time I use the
following things reach waste you time
and what you say so once I take supposed
to be when yo what he's saying which is
like our way of saying what's up and
he's like rompers I thought she made
that up even when she's like from when
you try to correct it I thought you were
still making it up
he's a Quan person I'm like no did you
know a reach was I just don't want to
read just basic calm it's like basically
says they reach for sex like in great
thanks right now and I said yo Suzy what
are you doing you were like oh I'm
having a kickback on my house reach that
means yeah
good and then Alex just asked me what
wastes UTA's do that is no clue aren't
you a traitor yes worse I am yours thank
you yeah that's a waste to use just like
stupid child like yeah like waste is
always that way here like this guy
bought another motorcycle like what a
ways to get it out with it you want that
there are so many fireworks
um we'll show you when we have a better
view upstairs but there's so many
fireworks everywhere and it's kind of
dope okay look at you see Bob's on this
oversee figure here I'll put this arisal
I knew there it's been a success
nobody's in mind me but I swear shoes to
match oh this is this gonna be a series
of creators taking out their phones and
vlogging cameras to watch the fireworks
everyone's gonna watch it through a
screen right now I'm gonna enjoy the
moment right after this clip this is the
biggest sorta kind of sore on the roof
the helipad
oh we're gonna watch fireworks on the
helipad it's gonna be dope
you probably don't see this exact same
footage and everyone else's blog but
it's okay let's go meet oh we're hot
this is kind of horrifying an amazing
same time doh
don't worry
this bridge oh it literally just nice
shoutouts to zero get up it does not do
it justice what you can Lucy fire across
the whole city and like it's not gonna
look good for you but it's like amazing
to have to be here yeah it's really good
I'm gonna try zoom in and show you
you can't sleep with those mad fireworks
popping off everywhere there's life
everywhere when queen okay okay yeah
it's red love she's getting it she's
getting it let me jump in jump in Oh
Raina Raina raised a boy who got beaten
guppy all right big guy so this way this
way great Charlene your turn
Charlene run this way jump in good your
turn hey turn it in but well no bangs
open - I said you know and I didn't have
one also to pick up two years off my
life
hey jump in no I said jump in and then
everything exploded I cannot wait the
TV's walls
I won that game was most biggest great
accomplishment my life she gave me plus
did you feel bad everything closed
before and the deck okay you won I did I
know why cuz look I'm proud I'm proud
that's why I won wait you know why I'm
mad at her earlier I told her on 4th of
July in the States
there's a fourth of July kids she got a
line I do believe losing right now
though
literally ran from inside you can do
selfies fireworks go
ooh I'm back home it is midnight
everyone's like I really go back home
make a video I'm like yo I have to at
least try I am so tired but today I'm
just kind of an out of it I don't
mention earlier I just feel like out of
it today
I'm so sleepy I don't know why and I'm
just like not able to like concentrate
on things um but I'm gonna try at least
try I have to at least try I said when I
come home I was gonna try and that's
what I'm gonna do
so just happening we're gonna go
upstairs strap that in and try our
hardest to make a video lag okay moment
of real talk moment of real talk
I always want to take a second like
legit second to just tell you how much I
appreciate all of you and I want you to
know that I brag about you as if you
were like my children
like I just even just now like every
party I go to everywhere I go I'm always
just like dude I I know a lot people
states but I have the best followers in
the world like I really do it I always
tell them like my audience is so
supportive if I have a lot of work to do
and I can't release a video whatever
whatever and so I'm going through
Twitter to try to think of like video
ideas cuz you know I asked what you guys
want to see so I'm going to go through
and literally my entire mentions is
filled with don't make a video we know
you're tired and I just want to say you
you all don't want to show how much that
means to me because so many of my
Creator friends are like dude the bottom
post video audience gets really mad and
I don't know if it's because you I think
you see how much I work or maybe you're
just very sweet and kind I don't know
what it is that you guys treat me so why
that you should I came to speak I was
overwhelmed I don't know why you treat
me so well and do that to me but I
really appreciate it because I'm not
gonna lie like when I turned the vlog
camera off I was like oh break man I
really don't want to make a damn video
and I'm gonna go upstairs and force
myself to and whatever then I was going
through Twitter just like you literally
made me feel less guilty about it like
I'm gonna okay so I'm gonna click up top
it this is I'm gonna read in order I'm
not gonna skip a single tweet okay
maggots in order please please please
rest health always comes first have a
good night
best mother ever
because I just tweeted saying best oh
wait these aren't even mentioned sorry
I'm reading my time line but the sleep
one was accurate whole that way okay so
look I don't want to see you on your
socials get some sleep
hope you enjoyed your night with your
friends don't take it easy we understand
this one says thanks for casually DC
seeing my friends I don't know what that
treaties about get some rest we're
always here for you okay um um I'm not
reading the inappropriate ones but
please sleep you need some rest lows I
hope you had a great 4th of July please
rest don't worry about a video please
get some rest sometimes you have to take
care of yourself team supers always
behind you even though you can't make a
video we've got to take care of our
queen like literally so met Dorie about
the video get enough rest we all want
you to be happy healthy we love you a
lot don't worry about a video so are you
sleeping then like just don't get some
whatever literally every tweet is get
some rest and I just want to that meant
so much because now I feel like I
actually might just get some rest and
not go upstairs and punch myself in the
face 25 times because you legitimately
made me feel like I can do that
and I I never feel that way so I haven't
decided yet but I'm debating debating
cuz I also I hope I'm not getting sick I
don't think I'm sick I just feel very
like maybe I'm getting sick no because I
just like I'm feeling that you know
you're sitting here just kind of like
you feel like collapsing that that's how
I feel I feel like that this morning to
a chicken nap ah well it talked Lily
okay I tried I tried I still tried I
can't do it
I didn't even had like one drink today
so it has nothing to do with me drinking
I'm literally I feel so lightheaded and
I know no excuses f it I just failed I
feel today I didn't make a video I
failed I'm a failure good news is I
already have Thursday's video done and
no matter what it's getting posted and I
already have Monday's video done which
is with Connor so the next to video days
I promise you I will not let you down
I'm so sorry
I feel this is a second time I missed a
video in a very short span of time and I
do not feel good about it but I also
getting better applying my videos in
advance because I've already written the
script for next Thursday's video as well
so I'm trying my best I'm trying to
figure it out I would have just felt
really crappy if I missed a leisure
social activity again today and I'm
really happy I went it was cool and
there's fireworks on the roof and like
that's a kind of bucket list item um so
I hope you're not mad and if anyone else
is mad and I'm sorry I'm sure okay I'm
sure yet I no excuses doesn't even
matter sick not sick - no I failed I did
bad today and I'm sorry I will do better
tomorrow for now I'm gonna go to bed I
hope you had a great day I'm going to
take some meds go to sleep
get some rest wake up and conquer the
world if you like and subscribe if you
like it subscribe now I'm forcing these
people to also watch Lindsay you never
see how they die like video ever your
life's about to change right now okay
here we go wait for it wait for it
Oh
