we might need to have a little bit of a
rejuvenation Saturday
good morning I slept in purposely I
actually woke about 12 I was like no no
I went to my like five I was watching
The Walking Dead until five because I
was like let me start watching another
show because Game of Thrones is done
homos always talking about it so watch
like five episodes of it and then I only
got seven hours of sleep which is not
enough for me waking about 12 so I
forced myself to stay in bed until 1:00
my place is a mess
mostly because I made it that way
yesterday I was so deep into work motels
like I not wash the dishes I'm not
cleaning up this stuff I'm not taking
out the recycling someone do it all
today and I'm very excited to do such
cleanup ways I'm excited to clean who am
i today is Saturday it's gonna be a
massive work day as per usual but I'm
excited about it I rarely get these days
we're like I don't have anything else in
my schedule and I can just do creative
work so I'm gonna do a whole bunch of
work and it's fourth of July weekend and
I kind of feel out of place this is
still happening outside my window which
is cool I appreciate the pride but I'm
kind of out of places I think everyone
else is away in celebrating and I'm like
I'm a Canadian where's Tim Hortons
but my oatmeal is done we gonna do that
you'll get crack-a-lackin' do the damn
thing leg up also I don't know if it's
just like my skin is not used to like la
summer or something it's getting
irritable like I scratch myself and
turns red and like won't go away it's
like on my stomach I have a red spot on
my neck have a red spot I bring this up
because a few days ago my blog I was
like just yet a hickey and I'm like I
wish I had a hickey you see me
scratching myself in the block I just
scratched myself as America it was the
hey Kiki so I'm gonna go with that yeah
thank you yeah those Hickey Zac Efron
gave me a key humming man yep what you
gonna do with that dessert dude I'm
going to go to rouse real quick to buy
some groceries because I need some stuff
to eat but fridges virtually empty
I need to get one thing from Staples so
I got some work done I'm heading out and
come back home
and we're gonna hustle some more - what
so I probably need my keys right okay
I'm so proud of myself I think Lance is
dirty let me give you a shower eat
better better so pride myself about the
one poppin thing I needed for my desk
and didn't splurge and buy a billion
more thing so we're doing good right
your cars let's go oh oh oh oh oh hold
on yeah yeah yo it alarms me time time
again how quickly groceries can add up
if it's a blessed and fortunate to be
able to like go and be like Oh Fred my
groceries were like $100 I so blessed
life shoutout God you real MVP but yeah
like this moving alone I'm like holy
crap this is like things that up in ish
oh me I was hiding home now and go one
trip one trip only hear me when I say I
would rather give my life shaved my head
and make two trips
what are we thinking five bags two
things into the paper well one paper
towels toilet paper I don't cook that
much - like it's a little bit but like
let go I like to say three men who held
the elevator for me because you anyone
make two trips I'd like to thank God
I just thank all my friends for making
me this lazy mostly or thank the gun
show right here all right I got my
sandwich with my crackers and my hummus
yeah I'm so excited to eat this right
now food that I made myself is my
business sandwich but so almost shut so
I'm just going through the comments
messages vlog I'm so happy some people
have like constructive conversations and
intelligent opinions and not just like
bashing each other how about the host
thought should anything I was talking
about but I'm gonna address all the
positive comments wouldn't reply to some
of them I had to point out one that I
was really funny I actually laughed out
loud and says I just got to point out
that super one has changed so much la
has changed her she should not talk
about this kind of stuff like
slut-shaming and it was all about fun
stuff she's different now I guess that's
what happened when people give you money
to talk about stuff
I missed the old soup one yes the
slut-shaming industry wrote me a big fat
check and said hey could you like do
your piece to change the world and kind
of like maybe spread some positivity and
we'll pay you you want yep this
slut-shaming industry paid me a million
dollars
hoggle slut-shaming University - that
comment
by engage it and pick up on that it was
sarcasm I'm hummus and crackers my mouth
what I don't think is is that your it is
yes more and more I'm talking about
things I'm passionate about my channel's
focus is still be fun stuff and like
positive stuff but from time to time we
talk about that stuff because I'm
realizing more and more yeah I have
changed this term that I have changed
everyone changes you've changed when you
grow you change everyone changes I'm
just realizing more and more with the
more subscribers I get and the more
influence I have I'm thinking more and
more about what I want to do with that a
one spread positivity and if I'm
passionate about messages like
slut-shaming about like mental health
about not being homophobic I'm going to
talk about those issues and spread those
issues I am talking about serious issues
more and more I'm not trying to like
turn it into an egg and jam so fun and
crazy you are the same but homophobia
and no hope and pride people and racist
people and anti-racist people I promise
you they're not giving me checks this is
just me who I am as a person so thank
you for being here if you're down with
that there's so many good conversations
about the definition of use your taint
change a definition of the words letters
you stop using it and I'm so having such
a good time reading all your opinions so
thank you so much for commenting below
and starting a conversation this is
really dope
thank you what no you took a nap longer
than you were supposed to what do you
mean
I took a nap whatever it was fine it
wasn't that was like an hour or
somewhere that's fine
I was 942 it was like an hour and a half
or something it was like two hours 942
we're getting back to work right now so
or whatever
yeah me no getting work done it is
almost midnight it is 11:51 p.m. and
I've been careful there's so many secret
things around that I want to show y'all
cuz your secret says some stuff over
there some Oh stupid there's some stuff
over there there's some stuff over there
so I'm like vlogging in like corners I'm
like yo what you guys seen your what's
up welcome to my vlog and stuff and then
I'll show you so it's very stressful but
I'm getting a lot of work done I'm very
very proud and I'm not sleepy or
anything because I took a nap so I'm
gonna keep hustling keep grindin and
dashboard crackalacking also um is a
little bit dark inside me right now
hope y'all give me delight yeah yeah
just give me the light what's
crack-a-lackin' just had some cereal I
was really good at wearing wet
Invisalign today I'm very proud rubbing
right now but I've been wearing for most
of the day um I did the dishes over then
I messed them up again whatever tomorrow
um like mmm
the place is not that bad I got taking
my recycling I can do that tomorrow it's
all good tomorrow is a Juvonen Sunday
but I need it sorry it's dark and I need
it because my face is a little bit you
know I need to fix a little better
situation I'm a fractional bet I look at
my teeth pictures like joke picture as I
put them up there um when I was going on
I'm in hunted by the time is three even
watch maybe one or two episodes of The
Walking Dead by the way everyone is
tweeting me telling me put your bio back
on Twitter I'm purposely not doing it
I'll tell the real reason about doing it
because I feel like there's potential
for me to change my bio there's got like
a big deal for me I don't know I'm a
nerd so I like trying to think of a new
bio that it might want because I don't
before you to say I make youtube videos
now and I like that but I feel like I'm
we're also so much more than that
you know we also expired positivity and
do all these cool things so I'm trying
to think of a new bio if you have any
suggestions holla at me who knows I
might just put back the old one I don't
know it's a big decision it's a huge
decision to be honest but I'm gonna go
to bed now thank you for joining me
today I know I didn't do a motive
no card today I got into work so quick
as soon as I got up so I didn't do a but
I'll do it tomorrow
no stress we don't need to have these
types of rituals and routines in our
blogs because we spontaneous we
spontaneous out here I'm just kidding we
are pretty tame a pretty tame just
hitting we out here if you like it
subscribe if you write hit subscribe
subscribe from my window let me show you
what I see okay you see this let me zoom
in one massive American flag outside my
window I understand fourth of July's
come but today is like first and it's
about us always tries to learn under
always trying to steal our thunder
