happy Canada Day
good morning good afternoon actually I
just started working and I forgot to
start my vlog and I have those moments
are like so into work mode I forgot to
start my vlog I left you at the mall
again I'm so sorry but it is Kennedy I'm
not in care I'm in LA but I'm gonna like
have a shot of maple syrup or something
I gotta do something someone better buy
me a cake or something I'm just saying a
poinsettia red flowers some I'm getting
a lot of work done being very productive
thus far because yesterday I promised I
was gonna go to boss beast mode and I
plan to do that what else is going on oh
we got a card in the card today
yesterday was positive thinking although
every day should be positive thinking oh
you know everyday to the best of our
ability because this for real no one's
perfect next card is playfulness move in
natty playfulness I am a playful
participant in life and I always have
the option to make something a fun game
rather than a heavy burden MARY POPPINS
put sugar in the medicine for a reason
that lady really knows how to party
that's really cute
playfulness I'm a playful participant in
life so you can choose to do want things
to be a heavy burden or you want them to
be fun I always say one of my favorite
quotes and I've said it many times
before in my videos is life as a tragedy
for those who feel and a comedy for
those who think and I do believe that I
believe if you just like think logically
about a lot of things and not be so
controlled by emotions and impulses you
realize like this is so stupid and silly
and I don't need to be upset about this
so that's really super dope but today is
Friday I don't have any meetings or
anything Jason's gonna be completely
worked in things I need to catch up on
right now I'm working on a script and
National gone and I heard online nursery
yesterday's video I had to use these
prop beer bottles and I hate beer I
think it tastes horrible and so after
every single scene where I drank beer
know that I spit it out I was like every
single time but let's get some work done
and I promise today I'm not gonna have
olt meal for dinner I'm gonna have a
real dinner at least like cereal so I'm
up in here right I'm up in here right
celebrating Canada Day me like yo Canada
maple syrup Tim Hortons Wayne grits yeah
I'm all up in here
I look out my window let me show you
what I see okay do you see this
let me zoom in massive American flag
outside my window I understand 4th of
July's come but today is like first and
it's about us always try to steal our
thunder always trying to steal our
thunder taking shots taking basketball
shots turn our national anthem
putting our flag at the bottom of your
change room I see you I see you it's
been 1 minute now there's 2 let's point
out I have nothing against America I
clearly live here I think America is
great they're our neighbors I am loyal
if they need sugar I would lend it to
them but it's Canada take come on let's
talk about sluts I've just been thinking
about this because uh as you recently
know I became friends with Amber Rose
and Amber Rose has something called the
slut walk and I was doing some research
on and just like I was talking to Amber
a little bit cuz she's actually so sweet
and kind in person and I really took a
liking to her and so I was watching some
YouTube stuff online this is really dope
video called the walk of no shame but
she basically does the walk of shame
stereotypically and like she's not
ashamed of it and like all the comments
underneath it are like what a slut if
Amber Rose actually wants to help
slut-shaming they should stop dressing
like a whore that's a top calm and stop
dressing like a whore and just like what
here's the thing and I really want to
start a conversation in the comments
here so don't you listen to me I want
you to actually respond with critical
thinking here the thing about the thing
about the word slut right I'm kind of
caught in the middle here I'm caught in
the middle where I'm like it's a word
that's used so commonly is it realistic
for us to think people will stop using
the word what do you think is it
realistic is not realistic for people's
up using the word slut I think it's so
embedded into society or should we
accept that reality and say okay let's
change the meaning of the word then in
the way amber has because she's her
Twitter bio says certified slash like
yeah you want to call me a slut great
I'm gonna make a positive thing she kind
of works to make slut a synonym for sex
because she's like yeah I'm sexy I'm not
ashamed about it and I'm not
you'll see about it why is it that when
and I'm specifically using Amber's an
example let's talk about any other one
why is that if a woman is talking some
sense like yo I want to show my body I
don't give an F why do we label her a
slut if she said the exact okay I don't
know K so what are you passionate about
things I can't I can't think I'm shy say
so like why is it wrong for a woman to
show her body that's what she wants to
do yeah I'm saying so much got to think
critically about this the idea of slut I
think when we call people slut sometimes
we think that like this girl she's like
losing her ish cuz she's like posting
provocative pictures or sleeping with a
whole gun bunch of guys and she's gonna
regret this ish and like she's like lost
her mind she looks slutty what if that's
what that girl wants to do
who are we to be like don't do that
go see ups dude of the f she wants with
her body she should be able to dress
however the hell she wants if you don't
like it that's your problem it's kind of
similar to how you know a lot of people
believe that gay people shouldn't be
intimate and publicly I don't want to
see gay people holding hands I don't
want to see gay people like being
relationships and I think you know the
majority of the population I would like
to believe that understands that that's
a little bit wack like gay be whatever
they want they want to do they're in
love love is love who cares it's the
same idea about like this idea of women
dressing a certain way if you don't like
the way women dress is why do you feel
like you are able to label her something
and I say this specifically to girls so
if the girls are girls and guys but I
feel girls do this a lot like oh that
girl's really slutty like just because
she doesn't just like you and how you
address it does not make her study
everyone is different and so I wanted
the question imposing to all of you is
do you think we should change the
definition of the word slut you believe
we have that power or do you think that
we should try to make people stop saying
the word slut what are your views on
this I'm curious to know have some
critical conversational comments um
let's start a conversation let's do it
and then a further one is my heat on I
think my turn my heat Oh Madison I
further want to add to that by saying
what is this idea of women who show
their body being bad
examples let's talk about that why is
that a bad example why is a woman who
shows a little bit of cleavage and wears
a miniskirt a bad example why is that a
bad example I mean this guy's kind of
twofold right like I don't want my
younger daughter to like dress like that
we perceive like that why if you really
believe that women should get consent
and women have rights and women should
be aware of their bodies and proud of
their bodies why is it bad to show
cleavage and wear miniskirts you have
saying like I'm just being double-sided
good here and I'd love to hear your
thoughts and comments because I feel
like everyone wants to be reserved with
their daughters and kids then they'll
also wants their kids and daughters to
have sex and have kids so they have
grandkids
I understand there's so many fears I'm
not a parent so I understand there's so
many fears but like the way people will
treat you if you dress a certain way and
all those things like then how do we
fight the problem it's like why is what
is this idea that girls dress in a
certain way is a bad example
I'm very deep in thought right now I'm
very deep in thought he'd go right I did
go right about this okay Mike so
obviously she's right about this on
Twitter not rant I would even call it
rant I just I'm really curious to know
people's thoughts about things because
I'm only one person with one mind I
can't possibly know all the ideas out
there so I'd like to learn people's
ideas so sometimes I respond to people I
just respond to a few people with the
smiley face with X so it should be like
what are your thoughts like what like
why do you feel this way how do you
feels right but people don't delete
their tweet because everyone else tweets
remake dragged or you got dragged I'm
not dragging anyone not everything's a
fight friends not everything's a fight
so I'm never that you wanna have
critical conversations but I guess we
can happen in the comments below about
the idea of sorry I'm just so into this
right now the idea that the word slut is
so subjective like what if I was someone
who was very reserved in my clothing is
it right for me to think that someone
that wears shorts is a slut then what if
you're someone that loves wearing shorts
it's just is it okay for you to see some
wearing a miniskirt and be like you're a
slut the what it's all subjective in
stupid and random was just like this
idea of sluttiness like it's so easy for
us to talk about though we've all been
guilty of using the trivalent using the
word and calling people slots it's so
dumb if you think about it and I think
I'm most affected by this because I saw
so many stupid comments under Amber's
video and she was so damn nice to me and
she was so wonderful and she was just so
passionate about what she was talking
about I'm just like literally no one in
this video is listening to her because
she's showing cleavage I mean a sense I
never stop listening to a guy if he's
showing cleavage what what up look at me
I'm making dinner I'm eating real food
and making myself pasta it's one full
serving of vegetables in stand pasta
with a veggie burger suspension onions
ago McKee make a lot ish with
ingredients I have iron expired with
some vegan cheese because like when I
can I'm trying to do that when possible
yeah that's what's crack-a-lackin' and
yo y'all hear she keyed out past I know
that each about to eat this watching
YouTube videos and get back to work
named sin so basically is one of our old
friends engagements hours and like like
of a friend's engagement and like
literally everyone I know is that this
engagement in Toronto and it's kanaday
and they're all like together and
chillin and I'm just like I'm kind of
missing out when like chasin notion that
all messed you mean stuff and I was like
I didn't do it on fireworks today in
order to celebrate with you said I need
to do something man we also invited me
to her house and she's like hey come
chill with chili and I was like I saw so
many deadlines catch up on then I was
like am I being stupid should I have
gone my just an idiot cuz I was like no
I really I told myself today I was gonna
get these deadlines done so was like I
have to get them done buts that all my
friends at this wedding and I'm kind of
like I am live conferencing into this
party
hey turn up then I can see you know how
to use this you know he's gonna funny
though I can join this beautiful month
she's trying to find the my friend of
Andrew send us a house I really wanna
cry it was lost in a wine right now
literally every person a player
I think the notion astara crying Oh
everyone is there that's kind of pain a
little bit of a pain situation I'm all
here all alone I mean I have carbs but
literally everyone is there you're
having so much fun there's no point
being sad about it I might as well get
some work done I guess womp womp all
right so I had a little talk with myself
because clearly I was experiencing some
mad FOMO and I'm like yo you can't be
there so make the work your butt to do
right now count okay make it count and
don't be like oh I missed the part you
because I was feeling sad and doing
nothing at least be super productive so
you're like yo I killed it today and I
feel good about myself so we're gonna
kill it also People magazine put the
whole squad 2 whole squad the whole
squad the whole squad this is the cover
if you want to get it let's get to work
make it count let's go current mood yes
that's my bro
okay if you are sensitive to blood stop
looking look away for the next couple
seconds so one of my teeth is really
crooked and so it's really really
sensitive it's always been really
sensitive cuz it's so crooked and
because it's so crooked the gum is
really like sensitive there and thin so
every time put this pair of Invisalign
in there's a hurt or anything just makes
the area bleed and the blood gets
trapped my Invisalign is mad gross and
obviously other shows even want to look
away look away look away now pretty
disgusting right I don't walk about
every time my disgusting balls are kind
of Awesome
I feel like a boxer now punch to the
face look at me
I'm an athlete upper here I'm Ashley
just like a senior
ah well my Oscar what's crack-a-lackin'
dance your question yes I own more than
one sports bra and this is proof
I should plug back up a brothel floor I
am going to go to bed the time is I'm
actually might watch something on
Netflix first the times 120 I had a
really productive day I haven't been
productive the last hour though that's
how I know it's my brains had enough in
its time to go to bed but I did a lot of
work today and tomorrow I have no plans
it's actually exciting Saturday which is
tomorrow and Sunday which is the day
after because that's how the days go
send in Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday I need to fix that
pocket but I have nothing planned no
means or anything so I can get a whole
bunch of creative work done so I'm
really excited about that
but for now I'm going to end the vlog I
always am naked and then I walk into the
mirror and I'm like oh you can see my
nakedness every single time but um I'm
getting cut here II I'm an adult
I'm a mature adult I hope you had a
great day thank you for joining me on my
day and remember slut-shaming is not
cool actually just finished watching
Fergie's new video called milkshake and
I think it's really cool and the message
is really strong and the comments just
flooded with girls being like what a
whore what a slut I'm just like how do
you think that's okay just because
someone shows their body in ways you
don't want to that's it like come on
come on we're better than that
slut-shaming is not cool so spread the
word spread some girl up hashtag girl
love all day or day but I had to beg
hope you had a splendid day I taught you
tomorrow I love you like so much if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe don't like it subscribe this
Wells Canada Day I'm making video it's
my annoy love some people are pissed
though Americans off but it's all in
light-hearted fun it's called what
Canadians really want to say to
Americans now it's like this like a
stupid friendly rivalry Americans and
Canadians have like you know it's
friendly it's nothing too hostile but I
always get teased for being Canadian by
my American friends because I'm
to America I get teased about everything
so it's just like you know a little
friendly rebuttal
