I woke up feeling like last night I
broke up with my boyfriend
straight up I'm devastating like I lost
a part of me
Game of Thrones is affected me so much
that I'm not going to see for 10 months
I literally woke up just like as if I
had some major loss other than that
you're my oatmeal okay for some reason
this new box of oatmeal when I warm it
up out in one minute and 44 seconds it
starts overflowing as you see Exhibit A
and I was like why you're the same
oatmeal I always got I just warm up the
last oatmeal one minute 45 seconds why
you all got to change oatmeal meals
changed you used to call me on my cell
phone
okay now you are not wearing less
hanging people ah do you know is that a
song I know whatever anyways I would eat
some oatmeal I've slept in a little bit
cuz I'm so sleepy I'm gonna go through
my emails get some work today I have a
meeting and then I'm shooting a collab
with Connor and you know that what my
class with Connor is always gonna be if
my soul and felt was a person so that's
we're working on and then tonight
possibly nothing here not gonna see a
movie so that's crack-a-lackin' that's
going on but they have some maple brown
sugar or some email on the interweb and
one boob down also yesterday was story
of my life and today is don't under no
no no today is self-love okay I could
really tell this is gonna be me AF
self-love I openly embrace a feeling of
self-love the PG kind I mean or not
whatever floats your boat
I love myself because I understand
myself I love myself as the most
committed partner I will ever have I
show myself a love anywhere that I can
and when I screw up I remember to be
sweet and gentle with myself
if not I'm gonna make myself sleep on
the couch got that self I love that
that's amazing oh my god
I just sorry I actually read them again
I love myself because I understand
myself I love myself as the most
committed partner I will ever have me a
F me a F this one is gonna also go my
Instagram because I love this message so
much we always think of all love I think
we always are trained to think about
love with other people how we love other
people
you see romantic comedies and you see
all these TV shows and all the stuff
about relations
chips and then it's just like what about
the relationship with yourself the most
relationship ever why don't we focus on
that today we're gonna love ourselves
the PG way or like I said it's not no
judging man do you think if I may just
toot my own horn for a second how cute
are these overalls in my Calvin's I have
a meeting right now
some girl love stuff with myself and
Sarah and Kyle and Jasper's in town from
YouTube FanFest and Kyle here I turned
on the AC for everyone so they don't die
- what's going on yo I was such a good
meeting so so so dope Connors gonna be
here in an hour and a half and I have to
pee so that's what I mostly just want to
tell you that I have to pee yep gonna
pee oh so Clara did show up he's such a
diva he always cancels on me anyways
kind of showing her it's so hot he's
being such a good sport boy yeah you see
this video realize that I was sweating
with a purpose yeah because they see
make so much noise I don't turn the AC
on also like ever in life but it makes
much noise when we're using the mic and
so Lacey's not are my mouthing I've
almost been shooting my video then went
shoot a video
Connors Channel so we're shooting stuff
how guitar upper lip blows - I'm wearing
a mouse do you like me I don't know why
none of that made sense me I was like
she's there's mommy like a little bit of
court moving leg away okay there you go
Connor finder like my lipstick of color
you know okay we're about to go watch
finding dory which I'm very excited
about her it's very good oh the one
person told me they liked it but
everyone else was really good but have
some very exciting news that I thought
about last night I was tossing and
turning in bed thinking about this I'm
off to take my hero for this
announcement because it's like that good
you ready are you ready I officially
have named my car my car's name is Joe
Harris okay basically in Game of Thrones
in high valyrian Joe cars means dragon
fire and it's what Daenerys says to come
dragons to breathe fire no I didn't
originally I was gonna name it drogon
because that's her main dragon but I was
like jacquard sounds cool and it has the
word car in it
Joe cars it's spelled with the word car
my car's name is now at your cars and
now I want to speed up or do sometimes
like your cars I'm so excited
so Theodore I normally go to we
discovered something new you buy popcorn
has free refills right so what do free
refills makes you that means you finish
your popcorn and you obtain a refill no
this home broke want to meet you like
great time you couldn't get a free
refill without you in finishing this
popcorn so this is the popcorn and this
is our free refill it said she said you
have to break the tail off there's no
boys attack these are today we don't
know anyone no tank so I am an old tired
person it is 1:00 a.m. I was like
falling asleep in the movie theater was
I I'm not gonna have expected more you
know I thought it was very - that was
good she gave a 7 half of 10 I think
generally there's 606 and that was ok
thanks spectacular you've seen better
you see it wasn't upset Finding Nemo
standards I don't think but I support
Ellen and I think she's dope I'm so
tired
I am going do what I have enough to do
oh I supposed to design and do that mmm
damn good tomorrow anyways tomorrow I am
going to the dentist I'm also into a
movie premiere Zac Efron's new movie I'm
going to that premiere which is super
dope but for now I my head wash my face
on my head to bed I'm gonna do some sock
will Larry baby you don't have to rush
you can leave it to brush my
so likely I'm gonna divide hope you had
a great wonderful inspiring day and
tomorrow we shall mingle get oh my god
tomorrow is your last day you're going
already tomorrow your last day what the
hell come sit on my lap come sit on my
lap come sit him up this is called
toilet top of everything no thank all
toilet tapas liliane you living tomorrow
and Thursday morning yeah this morning
so it doesn't really count so it's
pretty much the same days mom I'm pretty
much really I'm gone I was so sure I'm
right in Toronto that was desert I know
actually though I know I was only here
for like seven seconds
am i squishing you know I really really
like that's really sad actually I should
have stayed for longer yes they don't
know this Troy that's my well when
you're doing it they don't know what the
hell you're doing it for his dad to tell
very brief retrospect longs for a long
time ago we was in the club right and a
dude came up to us and I guess he's
right here knows whatever he gave us his
real estate card and we found it at the
food place just kidding oh is that what
haha yeah it was right
we found a business card oh you found a
business card table and the guy was
smiling you smile you can fake forced
smile that's like so exact so literally
our girls group we sent pictures of
ourselves doing the smile nothing that's
the best this is what our friendship as
you do the weirdest image crap but it's
awesome it's a bet okay great I'll see
you tomorrow if you liked it subscribe
if you like it subscribe if you like
subscribe can um buddy sing yet I think
I'll send us right now
no no I think he's beautiful ok it's
gonna be oh that would be very good yes
it's gonna be me come on make it sound
beautiful or say okay fine okay fine
okay yeah no I think yeah okay very
beautiful ah can't nobody sing it today
yes yes yes
