we use going to New York I feel like in
my blogs I could never just say New York
New York hopefully everything goes well
as you know New York and I have a little
bit of a bitter bitter sweet
relationship but I'm all packed up right
he goes really early it's okay cuz I
could sleep on the plane flights pretty
much in me all day so I don't even know
if you ever gonna see this footage cuz
maybe I'll just be on the plane all day
and I'm like oh not gonna log and then
this footage will be in the abyss and no
one will ever see it and it would have
never existed if a tree falls in force
no one's around to hear it is stuff all
that vlogging I don't post it - nice
tell vlog let's go let's do a quick card
because I won't be able to do over the
next six days yesterday was ups and
downs and today so that lasted six days
here oh it's cute ultimate potential I
will choose to live a life of my fullest
potential I trust that this will draw me
towards experiences and people that
support my growth and accomplishment
tuning into this frequency I now reach
higher heights and I've ever thought
possible knowing that's an option why
would I ever - why would I have ever
tuned into anything else I'm looking at
you
smooth jazz and talk radio has a cute
old rack the headphones all that I
choose to live life of my fullest
potential I trusted as always drama
tours experienced people that's awesome
towards experiences and people that
support my growth and accomplishments
you gotta be careful who's in your
circle you know I mean like you have
great potential but you have to be an
environment and situation that can
unleash that great potential so there's
many pieces to the puzzle all right
let's head to the airport and get on
this flight and do the damn thing and
this whole process is so hard to do with
one hand by the way dinette solar
everybody oh wait
so already doing your suitcase so let
everybody to I honestly think I forgot
something I have a feeling I forgot to
massively important like I probably have
no bras or pants or socks or something
also don't leave your hotel in New York
don't leave your underwear in New York
Lilly mental nude don't leave underwear
in your mess Thank You Smashbox
put a stove seat where I will sleep and
do some work okay
I always say I'm gonna do work and I
always fall asleep reason being you
gotta like turn off your phones and not
do anything and sit there for 30 minutes
obviously well fall asleep on the plane
we're like that come on
what's that what did I do I slept the
whole flight when of course I thought
the whole flight look at me I'm an idiot
I slept the whole entire play the whole
play I'm away Stu doesn't matter him I'm
in New York he just landed watching me
Derek who also just landed I'm gonna
head back to the hotel
and I just on work done oh so you see I
mean whether I went back to them yes
good nice so situation is Derek and I
are different terminals and my driver is
not here and he's across the street some
next place for someone hit his car New
York young man loved oh now we wait to
see if another car will come all good
things all good things now I'm in a cab
I'm picking up Derek that's a dead two
hodo if the hotel even exists yeah I spy
with my little eye something that is
plane oh oh hey it's a clap no no this
is the difference moon pebble and I got
on a flight public about the flight
levels hair is done plug those hair is
shining public skin is glowing me I'm
like this boogers in my nose my eyebrows
are all Kefauver's like the difference
super have Lorna I just wanted to look
good for you uh-huh we got here probably
got the better room on the top floor
with the view so we're gonna check out
his room this is my room to the next
three days um and that's what's
crack-a-lackin' let's go get some food
here we go give me full of rice didn't I
want that yellow yellow rice
doctor chopped up some falafel food did
it to ting got some onions in that dude
doot-doot-doot another over aha
I have pretzels and hummus would you
like to go on a date with me yeah
let's have a date over here this - am I
here makeup is wrapping at 8:30 you have
a TV appearance for tomorrow and which
means I have to wake up like eight - ish
I'm sure like six hours of sleep and
that's what's going on and then the rest
of the day pleople and i go to shoot
cool things with the billboards oh yeah
pablo such a nice person he always helps
me and takes his time energy to make me
even though like it's stupid crowd was
like I'm gonna dance before this
billboard can you shoot it and he agrees
even though there's no like real agenda
he's such a good sport dead sport this
one I'm yours it's a good sport right
there oh wow fad good job how to take a
guy out on a date yeah
bed picnic hmm I'm a chef
all right our date is over cuz the
hummus is done best date ever
I just learned that our friend Derek
over here those people by the way in the
comments every time you're in the water
oh look who's Derek and who's Diego all
the names are here I'm Derek a San Diego
same Puebla same all the same person now
Pablo there's no Pablo Pueblo lab logos
- moot moot I can take me one boy typing
mmm he just teach me one more typing
okay okay
teach me uh what do you teach me like an
attack or defense or mm-hmm that's a
good question mm-hmm ah
it all goes all goes together okay I
think my favorite thing mm-hmm are the
kicks look I think the kicks are really
pretty mm-hmm
pretty kicks because punching is
basically very similar to boxing huh
yeah but I think the kicks are really
pretty
mm-hmm you work on as you as you kick
twist your toe I'm doing it yeah am i
doing it no it's really good that's
brilliant this is pretty close to a teep
yes that is simple one yes teeth you
can't say anything we never
that's like--that's yeah that's so good
yeah keep doing that like what now yeah
you gotta but that's it that's a good
start
hey hey show me a combo here we go okay
oh yeah this is a really good okay I
like the yeah
okay the jab cross and as your crosses
out your chest is in the other person's
face yeah can't see ya then you like
lift up your foot or when it's out then
you come on
Oh rim kick him body kick I like it I
like it by the way did you learn the
team sub-brand chick um I watched it a
couple times
all right here we go test that's number
one here we go here's a real muy Thai
region what do you do that's a good
start
yes see that's the attitude yeah I
remember those Tom I remember that
there's two pauses yeah hmm no no huh
huh huh yeah so fortunate to have
someone like Pablo my wife because like
he's such a good sport with so much
stuff like for shooting the billboard
smart I don't have like a he's used to
like shot list as long as I never had
them like hey just come on like let's
shoot some cool stuff together and he
just always down if you don't hit me I
really appreciate that but it is - I'm
gonna go to bed I just went through all
my emails was very productive for the
past like two hours but now - I'll eat
Tukwila your tea I'll just I ran out of
it
too quick I'll go bed thank you for
joining me another day I'm wheezing New
York gas was popping - Warner nursing
long from like red dirt a mountain no
Cinda also fYI my snapchat game I have
picked up that game so hard follow me on
snapchat if you're not already i
Superman III because I feel like I'm
pretty I'm pretty grisly with it right
now yeah I mean if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe that
was pretty abrupt I'm sorry I love you
know I'm so happy you're here and hope
you had a great day
if you liked it subscribe first time in
my home it's so beautiful your hair
sweetie I never see this cute no guys a
fisheye yeah yeah I know I love it
that's the first time I'm clapping with
both of these lovely ladies and the
first time they're here and we're just
like chatting it up it's so refreshing
actually cuz we had to look legit girl
talk right now
yeah and I think I've been lacking that
we shared the name in the youth I
learned this new phrase that's like they
spilled some tea and I was like oh my
god what pretend like I know what this
means cuz I'm a young person it's
awesome but it was Dover but to shoot
this thing is gonna be awesome
