there's so many eye boogers in my it is
750 something I could not possibly pull
out of me I like swear I looked at my
phone at one point and it was 452 and so
was the 52 both MJC 5852 what's
happening where I my hands been gone
let's take a shower we are headed to my
first sound checks a really cool
announcement I can tell you about it now
because you can cease tomorrow basically
Duane is launching his YouTube channel
and he couldn't be ever gone so I have
the honor of announcing his teaser and
showing it to everyone and he gives me
mad shoutouts in the teaser
so it's him basically like talking to
VidCon but his YouTube channel and I'm
going to announce it so it's very cool
and very excited this is my buzz I just
turned the sweater into a dress
my legs have marks on them around your
neck we're running a little late but for
a soundcheck and then straight to the
girl of padl know just finish our girl
love panel to go really great so I had
to go it wasn't great I wasn't the best
part I moderated and
now with girl look I think ATS Lake was
the best part of the boss they would you
really think no seriously that was
really good we have made the four girls
it's right cuz Lily Lindsey Roe and
Cassie are all like really good friends
anyway so Justine was missing but she's
part of our textbook Justine wasn't here
but the four girls were like so natural
they just chatted like the whole time
with everybody like they were all just
best friends it was a very honest
conversation and I felt like I was also
part of the friend group so I asked
where inclusive what was so great I
really think like we made a difference
an impact a logical audience up and it's
so fun I miss being with them it was
just like we're up there being friends
was awesome now I hope it cool thing to
do which we'll see in a second and I'm
heading to another panel which is an
online creator building a team or
something along those lines basically
about my team with the case studies in
very cool I'm moderating that one so
gasps what's up also my hair is doing
look like really long today I think it's
longer than most days well this is
absurd why goals check this the unicorn
out a chip to unify hey wait can you get
in it this time this is alright good
assign this is work come over to say to
me
we're very late for a panel but worried
oh my god look it's dispensing skittles
hit poop skittles that's the point right
okay bye I just finished the team panel
my team so Cuba I'm just so cute I did
so well I learned some would do so good
and now we're gonna do some PR wait
publicist honey
wearing boss I see mmm one on every skin
tone
um and so don't do some PR right now and
that's was crack on I can expect cams
here guys get excited we're backstage
right now we're doing some
interview for Vanity Fair there she is
very fancy and we met two little ones
back here what are your names
I'm Lily but with only one L and a
Leawood shells
hmm adorable how long have you had two
watching Lily a long time I love it when
she does like parents parent videos are
the best what do you think about mangy
mangy likes the one way they dressed him
up as Jack Sparrow from Pirates of yeah
really
all right ladies um well thanks for
coming thanks for supporting Lily have a
great VidCon sorry I'm kind of feeling a
long time not blogging like all the
amazing people I'm chilling with and
know my youtube friends the pounds is
really back to back to back classes are
running from one thing to other and
everything's 700 miles away disney miles
kilometers away yeah and if those really
really chaotic connected web time better
I'll move on to the main stage and make
that special Dwayne and now's when I'm
also excited this next human being
Ortiz is one of my favorite people on
planet and she is just so beautiful and
talented and motivational and she I
guess face rippable hair yes
hold on that was kind of lame kinda weak
I need you serious as long as you can
make I am so excited to be here and you
should be so excited to be here because
I have something really super special to
tell you why are you ready here Dwayne
Johnson Here I am so sorry that I can't
be with you there in person instead I am
here shooting filming very late night
right here fast and furious 8 I just
want to thank so much
my homegirl my ace Lilly Singh
we can't wait to bring them to you
so I wanted to create something cool I
wanna create something big something
epic something epic and I thought you
know what let's create this YouTube
channel let's create something that's
going to be awesome
let's create a platform for
entertainment more importantly than that
you've got to see something you're
familiar with something you've never
seen you're going to see stuff for me
you're going to see stuff from them you
can't even see who they are
here's the best part about it I just
wanted to create a platform that shines
a light on the incredible YouTube talent
that's out there YouTube talent that a
lot of people have seen and in YouTube
talent that no one have seen I want to
shine the light on I can't wait to bring
you the channel me and Lilly can't wait
to do our thing can't wait to do our
thing for you guys thanks for coming by
go to let me take the channels called
YouTube doctor wouldn't youtube.com
slash the Russia Vin Diesel
okay youtube.com slash The Rock
hey DJ I'm here pecan just announced her
journal and we're so excited and how do
you don't let me tell you thank you so
much music oh ha oh my god
oh we've logged in okay we're about to
do a tune it's called the finding a
unicorn Suzy's moderating right now
hashtag ask Lily or did I mess that up I
think it's a half assed Swilley is it or
asked Lily Swilley
I just finished announcing Dwayne's
channel and everyone loved and it's so
so so great oh as well because it was
awesome but um
all good things but to go do this third
panel thing of the day
hey everybody kanna's pants are amazing
three events yeah check it out I got
some floors Jones we go like it's over
and I'm like my heart right now in this
together understand our position to
communicate ideas so I really want to
communicate and I just observe any less
obscenities in motivation and uses
emojis
Oh God
what time is it it is 5 it's 5 o'clock
which means we're almost done we're
going to the last thing and the last
thing is in the net and greet and
they're sort of see that like definitely
the most tiring thing to do so at the
day I'm going to movie persevere but you
all give me so much energy I'm excited
to meet you so it's gonna be great we're
also late so we apologize for being late
notes in minutes like correct I'm so
sorry but if you're the part of teams of
a community you know I'm always late you
should know that by now I still don't
like being late but I know you guys
won't forget we're really tired yeah
words are hard the words um this is day
one and date only for Lilly Singh she
has to go home after this but the common
will continue sorry it's very dark and
we're in a parking garage right now so
quality content again where we watch do
meetings each meeting to meet angry
dance
oh man look who's calling she knows
mom I'm about to do I'm about to a
meeting gray I'll call you back okay
yeah we're ready
big crowd ready Oh work 101
try for me do you guys let us see my fan
in great line it's really big I'm so
tired and exhausted I can't even do
anything and this lovely wrap the girl
of shoot he did so well got so much
awesome stuff and excited about it all
which hang it all down I need to leave
in like 10 minutes the airport we do it
probably not but we're gonna try
we gotta try LegCo alright so I'm at the
airport it's like what time's my flight
got delayed twenty minutes but it is ten
the flight leaves at 12:05 land at 7:40
a.m. I'm able to land and take a nap
before I get my hair and makeup done for
the wedding but I did the unthinkable
they forgot my vlog charger in my
apartment I'm kind of debating what I'm
gonna do over the next few days because
this wedding is so important to me such
a close friend I don't know if I wanna
vlog I definitely don't want to be at
the wedding with vlogging like having to
take her my blog camera so I'm gonna
figure it out but as of right now I
think the battery is good and that's
crack-a-lackin' let go remember on the
way here my flight was delayed for three
hours as I was at Air Canada flight
today Montanaro can inflate as well
and got delayed for 20 minutes I saw the
sign got delayed another 30 minutes I'm
sorry not that it's another hour
thank you see and delayed and usually
when that happens the flight gets
canceled this flight cannot get
cancelled it cannot get cancelled
because I have to land and get ready pro
wedding when which I'm a bridesmaid this
cannot happen right now they're trying
to get you even a mark and a flip and
Michael I my experiences where cata
recently have been better better but I'm
not gonna lie even on the flight here
the guy sings part of me I heard him
talking to an alliance he's like dude
I've taken like five Ariana flights this
month and all of them have been delayed
like all of them like they I don't
understand I'm Irish and I don't get it
I don't get it
no I feel right now let me show you how
I feel right now hey this is how I feel
right now
yes this is how I feel
kind of could kill me for that my
makeups all smudged it is 1:00 a.m. we
just boarded the plane and I think it's
a full flight I hope I hope no one sits
beside me so I can like sprawl a little
bit but we're heading home five and a
half or five hours five and a half hours
flight or something that and I'm just
gonna sleep the whole way that's the
plan
all right does 10 a.m. I'm supposed to
land out like 7:30 a little before 7:30
so very little sleeping time as ahead of
us right now I'm gonna get home we did a
two hour nap if I can manage it
wake up get ready for the sweating be
very super emotional zone my closest
friends is married and I think I've made
an executive decision for several
reasons not to vlog it one I have my
charger and I should reserve my battery
in case I want to vlog tomorrow too
there's no way I can transfer footage to
all that stuff and then take the vlog
camera in two hours and three is going
to be was three again oh yeah I just
haven't seen him a long time it's a very
important day it's emotional day and I
the real talk
I can't always be there for my friends
like I think for this wedding I remember
where she was like I'll be so happy if
you can even come I was like of course
I'm gonna come and do like I don't
always get to do these things and be
there for those important moments oh I
definitely don't want to be there this
one important time and then friggin
vlogging I want to enjoy the moment be
there for my friends or macro vlog but
we're gonna go home take a nap with us
what's up
good night good morning what happened
good everything I'll go check nap what a
long day thanks for joining me in my
long day hope you had a wonderful day
umm now see you soon in my vlogs don't
worry I promise I won't forget about you
if you don't forget about me and I'll
snapchat and thank you for being
understanding and if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like yo me and the squad heading to
VidCon you see a panda koala koala Walla
Walla chillin kill the game so excited
we got so much stuff in the car
we're gonna set up some dope girl love
stuff in the hotel room I'm gonna shoot
some ramp pieces get pieces with my
friends the hotel room so excited good
energy good vibes gonna make it happen
should I yell
Lee Sanders piece phones in my ear I'm
feeling good I took a shower party
cleaner 10 clean bohemian cardi station
