remember remember remember waiver it
look at that
good morning good afternoon are you and
so weird actually forgot to start my
vlog today I'm sitting there I'm doing
work and we had so much work done there
like way that yes heart my blog and the
answer was no no I didn't I'm sorry I
forgot about you I basically left you at
the mall
basically you're my child and I left you
at the mall I'm so sorry today is an
exciting day I'm trying to make it's
Wednesday tomorrow's Thursday because
that's how the days go said there are
seven days there are seven days there
were seven days in a week Sunday Monday
Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday
Saturday is that sound Canadian thing
that's how we learn the days of the week
anyways today's Wednesday
and I'm trying to make my video for
Super Thursday today because tomorrow
I'm gonna be so back-to-back busy at
VidCon and straight from VidCon I'm
getting on a flight to go back to
Toronto and I don't want to miss a
second video in a row because I'm not
about that life so that's what's going
on and then later on this evening we're
gonna drive down to VidCon and set up
some cool girl up stuff so girl of is
where we are do we learn to some ish so
like I said follow the socials at spread
girl up on Twitter Instagram because
we're working on some issue but first
let's see what today is all about
yesterday was about clarity clarity
alright it's what today is about
mmm mmm mmm
work work work work work work he sent me
everywhere where am I going I got trust
oh I trust that everything will be okay
in the end
partly because I simply know it in my
gut but also because it's way more fun
to live with trust and confidence than
to be a defensive wiener that's so good
I wanna see who wrote these cards
because I see the way the ring are so
dope like it's just so straight-up live
with trust because life is more fun
that's kind of awesome such a simple
concept we're gonna put this this this
promiscuous bear right here and we're
gonna put mr. orange peel away it's
gonna be a great day I am very excited
it's beautiful outside I hope you're
gonna have a great day
just kidding I don't hope you're gonna
have a great day you know why because
your days in your control and you're
gonna have a good day Kish say you're
gonna have a good day so let's say
together
yes I forgot the meow in yesterday's
vlog shoot me throw rocks and tomatoes
I'm yet in today in this vlog right here
you'll have two nails there'll be a
litter of kittens and Edna trades log
it'll be like the new animated movie
pets or cats the musical or Garfield a
marathon of Garfield is what's gonna
happen anyway got a little bit of a
headache I think it's oh ha ok it's
three away p.m. finish wearing my video
is called what you did after your exam
because it's exam season for a lot of
people the goal is we gotta lead us by
4:30 which is like a less than an hour
and half gang scene it requires a rent
and some skip pieces imma try to shoot
the skip pieces the VidCon hotel because
I'm sure other Creators will be there
maybe they can make little cameos that's
what I'm hoping for
so imma shoot the rent I'm take a shower
you want makeup children gather all
myself and then leave so we're on a
little bit of a tight schedule but yo
you know we gonna do it why rewind the
beginning of the blog when I said the
days in our control and that's what what
happened rewind selector you're done
it's so hot oh my god I like I like
Sintra was made long I thought I was in
Rio
definitely way longer yo me in the squad
heading to VidCon I see a panda koala
koala Walla Walla chillin kill the game
so excited we got so much stuff in the
car we're gonna set up some dope girl
love stuff in the hotel room I'm gonna
shoot some ramp it up skip pieces my
friends the hotel room so excited good
energy good vibes gonna make it happen
she's like yeah we saying just peace
signs in my ear I'm feeling good I took
a shower but to clean I think clean but
yeah me I mean car to be stache mission
yo okay so this wall right nothing to do
in your Calvin's and look at this one
that is I um and they gave me so much
cool stuff like sport frozen overalls
and all these it's like Christmas and I
got free stuff and I even checked to my
room yet it's a good day let's go
slightly I got nothing
what you got is my company which is
priceless
okay so I got so much cool stuff from
VidCon that shows like I showed you
under an unboxing video to an unboxing
video well we got instant classic
instant camera Polaroid but here's the
box and then you open the bow my god and
now your unball my
oh oh that's really really it's like the
dial-up internet of Polaroid cameras is
what this is right now that's really
freaking cool what else we got spike oh
we got um good at you looks like you
like huh use the power bang oh my god is
this gonna be thing we're like a charge
yourself or USB items yeah man like I do
a pig that's okay as long as you're not
slaughtering it and we use get ports you
went to be abilities what else we got we
got film for a Polaroid camera which is
very handy I appreciate that I
appreciate that you know got a mug true
what I say
dftba Oh true you know that sans
personal I was gonna edit that part out
well um duh duh find don't find
tomb bandana art don't forget to be
awesome very very good okay what else we
got we got even more you shirt okay
I'm gonna pass out it's too hot I love
it it's great oh my god is this
something that says tumblr that's really
cute
yeah tumblr is the best what's this
that's my t-shirt my VidCon teacher are
we gonna do unboxing up for all the
Calvin Klein special you said no because
then they're my chichi DS my old days
are gonna be ruined in the future so you
just pull show them one thing what you
want to show up the slides okay fine
okay help we're gonna show apparently a
fancy we have saying slippers is slides
I don't know it's like a like a white
person thing though all right okay Wow
we're slides and my Calvin's that's what
light in your Calvin yeah oh that sounds
better yet I said I wear slides in my
Calvin but I slide in my Calvin's makes
so much more sense that's why the TV the
mediocre nude yoga please I've only
10% good as
that's not true I'd give you 12
Sydney Ida and I sent her something for
a secret potica entire book and she said
it's a blowjob he did a really good job
I did I bought business script and I
formatted it like a script like and
formatting indenting parentheses Eddings
boarded tighter editing yeah me title
pay no pay that's what's I see that's
what's up
all right we just finished recording my
video I'm done and I go to edit for
tomorrow okay this is a Wednesday now
get on my level just kidding I'm mad
slack um and I will go eat and we got
all this dope stuff and we're gonna turn
the hotel room into some dope ish when
we come back dope dope dope dope dope
hug yourself over ties that dope don't
work so if you referred back to a few
more vlogs you put vlogs back now to cut
her fingers on a watermelon and I
believe that she could have gotten
stitches but not it was like the doctors
so I know if you can see it hmm wait
we're calling that right here all their
healing ah never mind they're not as
gross and awesome so dream let's cut one
more watermelon it is the Year 2036
we've been waiting 20 years for food it
is yet to arrive nada is going crazy
with hangar take 25 days to shoot oh my
god we're talking about okay spoiler
alert spoiler alert spoiler alert if you
haven't seen the last episode of Game of
Thrones first of all one slap yourself -
spoiler alert the battle see okay so did
you know that lost ten million dollars
issue in 25 days
oh we're like burning an amazing right
right all right all right she doesn't
watch Game of Thrones are we friend I'm
going to have 15 pictures because you
have a great personality you're nice
that's enough to be friends we don't
watch Game of Thrones you wrong oh right
the times 11:04 much edit this video but
turn this place into a set all things
are happening all things are gonna go
down all the things are wonderful Lego
you check out this cuteness right here I
mean where ad I asked it up a little bit
but it's so cute such with the lights
and everything on oh it looks so so good
I'm so excited tomorrow's a
back-to-back-to-back-to-back day let me
tell you all the things that are
happening tomorrow because I don't know
what my schedule is but I have four
panels a meet-and-greet and an
announcement to make so it's very very
back to back day but we're gonna make
happen we're gonna make it happen we're
gonna pursue beer and - what's
crack-a-lackin' yeah that's right I'm
weird I'm really bored today I'm looser
I'm relatable right um I'm going to head
to bed just one something I have to wait
about 7:30 and for a jam-packed day and
then I head straight to the airport and
straight to Quran dual batteries
charging err where you please but
answers going on and I hope you had a
great productive wonderful day and if
you're at VidCon I'm so excited to meet
you tomorrow I'm having kinda no
Conchita hug and kiss each other to the
camera if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe Wow know since the
last vlog I did a little shoot people
came over we shot some stuff I couldn't
tell you about what it was cuz it's for
someone else and I think it's a secret
so I can tell their secrets
but I'm getting so much work done being
so productive it's only 6 p.m. and look
what I got in the mail hoard
my boo rickey dillion some use new book
follow me a memoir in challenges that's
so dope
he's so adorable look at this shoutouts
to Ricky thank you so much for sending
me this you look so cute oh my god
that skin doe and that hair doe flawless
how oh my god I love this
that's so cool thank you so much Ricky's
going to my YouTube shelf of books I
really appreciate it congratulations
you can go check that out
