I'm just a fail all-around I'm back in
LA I unpack my stuff have a call in 15
minutes also have a shoot later on today
very small shoot and have a whole bunch
of work to catch upon because during my
travels to Toronto I kind of fell off
the path up the bridge kind of steered a
different direction I didn't get a lot
of work done because I had so many
events and stuff going on yesterday my
flight was delayed two and a half hours
I got home at 2:30 I supposed to get
home at like 11 ish that's probably more
than 2 and 1/2 hours and so I didn't
make a video and then yesterday
something happen with my memory card for
my blog camera so I also didn't vlog so
yesterday was a fail a complete fail of
a day and I apologize and I wanna make
up for today but I'm gonna go eat some
oatmeal get ready for this call and I
was super super super productive babe
also I finally watched Game of Thrones I
couldn't go on Twitter like I couldn't
go on my timeline for like and like two
days because I didn't watch it oh my god
the last episode of Game of Thrones if
you never watched it there's a very
life-changing life changing buddy-buddy
for sure back in a Mele pad you know
what's up which means with me we're
gonna pick a new card last week's was
gratitude I missed this whole process
you know yeah no he ain't me okay
today's is I feel like I've seen this
one before I've already done that one
I'm in the wrong spot my bad and today's
is mmm has a orange on it fun fact knows
younger he's be allergic to orange peels
random I'll see yous be allergic to
peanut butter and then I just grow out
of it no okay
clarity stopping to listen to my inner
self
I can easily separate my intuition from
my mental chatter mental chatter I
already like that term the clarity of my
intuition is a sweet simple fruit that
tastes familiar and the mental chatter
is a confusing bitter rhyme that I shall
peel off and tuck into the garbage or
compost heap if your mental chatter
happens to fear desert chatter chatter
happens to be organic I love the way
these are written so creative okay so
stopping doesn't mean yourself I need to
separate my intuition from mental
chatter so important I have so much
mental chatter throughout the day all
the time for everything like you're
hungry you I have no Imperia at this
month which by the way to stir I have no
idea
and which I think I think that's why I'm
so hungry I keep see what I mean mental
chatter how do I get to swap subject
well since it had oatmeal but I before I
open I had a tofu wrap so like why did I
need to have oatmeal now I'm so full I'm
so hopelessly out of my body when I'm so
full string my bellybutton
I bought a big wedding ring so long ago
and then change it I'm wearing the same
old one but before speaking of which I
needed to go get this earring put back
in because I took it over my shoe and I
can't put it back in myself I mean man
mental chatters not that bad
yo since our last vlog I did a little
shoot people came over we shot some
stuff I couldn't tell you about what it
was cause it's for someone else and I
think it's a secret so I can tell their
secrets
but I'm doing so much work than being so
productive it's only 6:00 p.m. and look
what I got in the mail hold my boob
rickey dillion sent me his new book
follow me a memoir in challenges hot so
dope he's so adorable look at this
shoutouts to Ricky thank you so much for
sending me this you look so cute oh my
god that skin dough and that hair dough
flawless how oh my god I love this
that's so cool thank you so much Ricky's
and going to my YouTube shelf of books I
really appreciate it congratulations
you can go check that out
getting so much work done being so
productive I'm so proud of myself a lot
of ting-kwong lettuce I think squatting
is 9:43 p.m. I don't have taken out
today I woke up refreshed I was like yo
let's just get to it
yeah me now going on Obama knows I'm a
youth Patricia she's right here I'm
opting he's for sure November a few
things one I'm trying vegan macaroni and
cheese it's okay
also I'm much in Greece this video and
she's talking about her VidCon schedule
and made me think I never told you my
VidCon schedule I'm only at VidCon for
one day because of a fly to a wedding
the next day I'm in Toronto I'm a cat
wanna but this is my VidCon VidCon
scheduled on the 23rd which is Thursday
I'm going to be doing a girl love panel
at 9:30 in the morning who signed me up
for that 9:30 anyways and 9 though I'm
making a very special announcement um
it's not what you think it is the noun
sort of thing I've working on but it's a
really cool announcement and I highly
suggest you go just saying that's a 9:00
9:30 girl of panel that's gonna be with
Roe and Lindsay and I'm Cassie as well
and Sarah is moderating it and then I'm
gonna add a panel at 11:00 a.m. called
team an online video creator and then at
okay I'm an idiot 9 is not the
announcement that's a sound check the
actual announcement is 1:30 so panel a
913 panel at 11:00 announcement at 1:30
and then Q&A with me and Susie at 2:00
and then another panel at 3:30 but then
the thing you actually care about
hopefully maybe maybe not doesn't matter
is my meet-and-greet which is at 5 p.m.
PST at VidCon on Thursday June 23rd so
if that at all interests you and your be
at VidCon and you want to meet and greet
me that's what can happen
meet-and-greet 5 p.m. June 23rd Thursday
ACC first floor hall E that's wild LAN
so this morning I had the biggest brain
fart ever
I started unpacking my suitcase not
realizing that
have to pack it again tonight like I
finished unpacking my whole suitcase
down McQuaid I need to pack tonight I
should just left it packed because
what's happening tomorrow is I going to
VidCon and I'm staying a night and then
Thursday night I'm going straight from
VidCon to the airport fly back to
Toronto so I'm literally repacking the
suitcase I unpacked and that's what's
crack-a-lackin' I have a VidCon outfits
pretty cute it's like it's like simple
but cute I tried on a bazillion things
those like was it the hell Moring
sneakers and something good fun it's Who
I am right now got a lot of work on
today I'm gonna wash the dishes I did my
laundry I'm gonna wash the dishes and
then wash my face and then I talk to you
again
standby hello my name is Lilly Singh and
I'm addicted to oatmeal I'm having for a
second time today I just love the way
oatmeal makes me feel all woman feel I
feel like someone's hugging me you know
from inside talking my soul that's what
makes me feel like I just love it so
much I love it in the morning I love it
at night I love it all the damn time no
it's not a Brandi love note mill
industry I promise you I just free a
lotto meal it's like hugs from food okay
I'm gonna introduce you to one of my
guilty pleasures okay if you're young
this is not for you because it's pretty
pretty um Baldr whether this is rapper
she used to be on um forgot the show's
name frig um I forgot that hip-hop
female rapper traffic I was called I
forgot what's called but her name is
cardi B okay she's post videos on
Instagram and they're just hilarious
like I grew up in the ghetto so like I'm
used up and I've grown up around people
who speak like this and I kind of speak
like this as well and she's so freaking
funny like every time I need a
pick-me-up or need to laugh during a
photo shoot like through my last photo
shoot humble just played some cardi
beats I'm going to show you one of her
videos it's very vulgar somebody you
know if you're younger like alert alert
alert it's just don't freak you're funny
like it's just okay I'm sure you what I
rocket is 40 seconds basically the story
is like battle issues have broke up to
eat it's like me weird either really
broke up or should we sing got them
fixed okay so that's what this
particular video
olan olan olan right here
 pissing me off and people be
commenting like oh my gosh cardi why did
you fix yet teeth bitch you know why it
fits my see what is go talking
about you know what bravely pissing me
off where people be like oh my gosh
cardi I miss your teeth I miss your old
teeth bitch you ain't my teeth were now
 friends what is holding about it
thanks yeah like you wanted you
personally knew my easy look
like you've been in my mouth before like
what is your face I miss your teeth hey
cha was not Prince pmo Ewing mouth he
was now friends because you listen go
measurement I literally cat she's
so fine I just she's just doesn't give
an apple but I think she's just
hilarious and so vulgar and I think
pretty cool because I don't swear so I
think it's really funny when other
people swear oh my god I just love it so
much I love it so much okay I'm dying to
sleep I bet my batteries on eight
percent
all righty not even a what time it is
anymore
I'm gonna bed thank you for joining me
on a very productive day I hope your day
was equally as productive
tomorrow we are heading to VidCon and
we're gonna get the power is touted mmm
there's oatmeal in my system is putting
me to sleep I love you so much I know I
didn't do it so if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
subscribe we have done some random
things I've turned into this one - who
wouldn't - Nick Jonas is on every talk
with cam and dave is an interesting time
when - Nick Jonas is hotel he's so sweet
even his mother so sweet very well even
me Joe are you there you right there
hey buddy they're so sweet so friggin
sweet Nick's brother Joe and I Joanie
Nick enjoy both those days when I met
Nick today and he was so he's like thank
you for presenting me I'm like shut up
Sean was there again Shawn Mendes was
also he's only 17 so Jude um Wilson's
been shaking I love that love shape and
I miss Shay Shane Ashley um Haley
Baldwin those bonds like a roomful
you're it is I'm not saying this rude
bragging rights as many times I love
being a roomful of people are
inspiration because it gives me a
certain unique energy a like it's why I
like concerts and that's why I like
conventions like being in one of those
rooms
