happy MMVAs all right so I have my side
all closed up snapping today but my cars
Orioles I waiting for me
it's early I'm the one that cars always
drive early if I look like some sort of
person that's gonna be ready early do I
look like some sort of person who can be
ready early I got my brawn I just pulled
my eyebrows right now I like half brush
my teeth I open it yet I can't even
speak is it that scared the crap out of
me okay hold on breakfast in the car
something that's never gonna change
it's a beautiful hot day in Toronto we
are heading to pick up Kyle Kyle as here
are gonna pick one from the hotel then
heading to rehearsal I can finally tell
you all the exciting eggs I'm doing even
though I've only get them so you're like
one full day but um here's what's going
on so first and foremost I'm presenting
whoo I'm actually presenting as I'm
introducing Nick Jonas's performance so
that's really cool me and Liz Treader
are gonna help him saying that right
we've met a few times we're gonna juice
Nick Jonas which is really cool I'm also
gonna walk the carpet I have a little
bit that I'm going to do with just
writing as well on the carpet and then
as of two days ago something really cool
happened
so I guess Macklemore has like an
opening performance and much of his
opening or just near the beginning of
the show and he wants a few the
presenters to come out and like join the
performance so myself and Amber Rose are
gonna join this performance like bust a
move and just dance and like have fun
cuz I guess the song is called like
dance-off or something so I get to be
where two macklemore's performance which
is really friggin cool so those are the
things that are happening really super
excited and new kid what Mommy did mommy
- are you excited this running
running through the states with no walls
about to do this rehearsal this is live
right here it's such a beautiful day
it's so hot and beautiful understand I
like it I like I like a lot oh so this
is about I'm gonna take in my heels oh
my god so I am wearing heels my present
even goes against everything I believe
in
okay and then I'm gonna walk through
here on the see-through glass doesn't
give me anxiety attack and this is the
stage MMD stage
so outdoor work so everything is outside
we job I'm excited
shows the glasses gary is so hot awesome
Bethenny's here to I don't even know I
thought well I saw her name next to my
dressing room so I think she's here
thank you
Oh
okay Oh
just for us my B&S yes person I love her
sick sister doh
la has made her a changed girl no okay I
think I'm kind of like kale mouth I'm
not changing I'm so disappointed in
myself I'm so disappointed in myself
this is green and I'm
nothing
it's
and
Oh
wanted to
Oh
I love it
what's that your red carpet diet tonight
I'm doing no carbs I know I'm doing no
carbs just getting our fries and then
mashed potatoes so I have potatoes in
different forms I'm going to take the
french fries and upper humbles advice
dip them into the mashed potatoes so I
look my best look at carpet also I hope
my bra that's my senator and it's
completed that's what's up skg Stein
when studios hair makeup you know what
style you know was that I didn't show
you my hair my hair does that you can't
move too much my face is gonna fall but
a tour sneakers so he's heading to the
MMVAs my first-ever MMVAs I think
humbles to write our first-ever MMVAs
I'm excited a lot of things going on and
the goal is to get the Karma's on my
pension
oh okay we'll see
- - zebra CFL season opener and jawbone
just finish carpet now I'm heads will
change into my second outfit which are
some comfy overalls I'll finish it and
then sandy holding my braids it doesn't
stick to my dress we got a team we
rockin the SKG wanted down just met my
base shade and love shaking so sexy girl
a dress comes up to here the first ideas
I was like Nocturna
you
ah
Oh
Oh
look three heels ordering heels just one
because compromise and balance kg know
it is maybe you should start a watch at
why when I'm the highlight of your my
girl bye
Oh
Oh
Oh
in
I love it
how was that
MMB a 7mm da's was dope I mean popcorn
now I'm instead after party debating
going I'll check it out
Matt the overall sets up and a lot of
really really really dumb people all
right since I last vlog we have done
some random things I've turned into this
one - who wouldn't - Nick Jonas Assad
every time with cam and dave is an
interesting time when - Nick Jonas is
hotel he's so sweet
even his mother so sweet this well II
Timmy Jeffrey there you right there
Kevin's are so sweet so friggin sweet
Nick's brother Joe hello Johnny Nick
enjoy both those days when I met Nick
today and he's so he's like thank you
for presenting me I'm like shut up Sean
was there again Shawn Mendes was also 17
oh well who's there shake him I love I
love Shay and miss Shay Shane Ashley um
Haley Baldwin those part was a roomful
you know it is I'm not saying this to be
bragging rights as many times I love
being in a room full of people are
inspirational cuz it gives me a certain
unique energy like it's why I like
concerts and that's why I like
conventions like being in one of those
rooms I'm not that room I'm not that
wolf just kidding thank you
this guy's great let's talk about this
guy right now held it effing down you
lose anchor you know why could you hold
it down I scan with Irina um held it
down does so much for team super show me
some love
except for not what that mean yeah
there's a me with Kyle on the internet
I'll find it and use it to eat em right
now I don't know
I just like to point out that it's 3
a.m. and I haven't touched this lipstick
up even once since I put it on I am
going to take my mom's vegetarian
chicken Korean rice and I'm gonna have
to bet that's going on toilet the bad
talk with Lahey is 336
I am officially sleepy I'm going to head
to bed
thank you for joining me on a crazy damn
it so many cool people everyone I'm it
was so cool um Macklemore was so nice ok
let me just get one thing straight
some of you were tweeting Macklemore be
like you're so rude cuz he calls me
overalls that was part of the script it
was supposed to be that I was one of the
people with the fans and he's like hey
would the overalls as in he was suppose
to pretend like he's spontaneously
picking me was all scripted don't be mad
at a Macklemore is very nice Ryan Lewis
was very nice to me so dope share the
stage with them like they're awesome
I met Gigi Hadid as well so friggin
gorgeous just everyone was so dope I
begin at such a good time and I'm so
glad you were there with me um tomorrow
I have an appointment I have to go out
for shopping and then I'm flying back to
LA and I think the way my schedule isn't
the timing on my flight like I'm gonna
have to make a video when I land back in
LA at like 1:00 a.m.
or I might not make a video I don't know
we'll see the way my schedule is is like
I have to leave for the airport like 5
something and I have too many
appointments during the day to make a
video but I'm going to try my best to do
so
and if anything I'll try to do it I'll
and this was going on thank you Jennie
when today I hope you had a wonderful
wonderful day
and thanks for like getting me to this
point in my life where I can do cool
things like or they're my bees that's
really cool
I just looking at my vision board I love
you so much
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe subscribe
happy Father's Day tomorrow Mike busy
all day so I have my celebrate Father's
Day but dad dad dad yeah how does
Mother's Day I realize that thank you
thank God dad however have added time
ugly
