seven-thirty a little dull I'm leaving
okay okay bye I'm so down there okay
well I can't display be longer why is it
only an hour okay bye my oh my oh by
almost a so disoriented I can't hear
anything
I landed with the customs I knocked out
so hard
escalators broken and having to walk up
them is the worst in the world I don't
mean to be a first-world problem but
they're so hard to walk calories asleep
oh my god
paternal hot beautiful I like I like a
lot so miscommunication that a ride from
at the airport and I didn't know one
heard it so my dad to come so I to rides
and I'm just like someone want to tell
me what the bomber class happening right
now I can feel I'm so tired
oh my god I'm sorry I keep saying it I
know what I said the last couple of logs
mommy mommy mommy mommy humming it's hot
I'm sorry I don't know literally can't
tell you anything I've said in this vlog
because I've been asleep for all the
clips so I'm sorry I'm repeating myself
from organs ends Oh Sandy's coming at
3:00 to do a fitting with me for my
outfits for the MMVAs I also have a
hotel booked in downtown Toronto so I
might go check in there tonight because
tomorrow I have rehearsal etcetera etc
but today oh it's so hot oh I love it
but today order right now we got soup
plate several hours later when I slept
you know I should wake up mostly not by
choice
most of you Sandy's here and look at
that knee stepping up right yeah bro
okay I've never game needed stepping up
in like y'all if you came from a house
of is Iraq it's so hot
so we're melting I'm not complaining the
who's not like the hot but it was hot in
complaining it's hot it's hot so we're
gonna pick out some MBA outfits
cool I would add we're doing two outfits
and I'll have to tell you why tomorrow I
can't tell you why today I tell you why
tomorrow sandy you did such a good job
field so many great outfits I'm changing
three times from our three really cue
outfit to help you like and they're all
super super super different that's
really cool um I'm gonna take my mom to
the movies mom and dad to the movies a
Late Show 10 I'm gonna watch I've
already seen x-men I'm gonna take them
again because I think the parent will
like that movie my dad is not a fan of
going to the movies but I think with
x-men and all the like action stuff
Laurie like it
I'm gonna take them there and that's
what pop I'm gonna wash my hair right
now fix my eyebrows and make sure the
whole mustache and all those type of
things but tomorrow yeah honestly yeah
what is going on I see I move my pants
don't destroy in the house look at eyes
I'm I fly back here to mouth
hello this is Linda VA shine tuned by
John what do you guys doing my parents
are renovating houses yet again and
they're trying to make it all different
and I'm like I don't like change
what's going on here you like change
that's why you moved well II burn burn
this I've been telling my mom for two
weeks to watch x-men and she's yet to do
it so now I'm taking her to go watch
x-men for two weeks every single day
facial monitors watching x-men no mom
did you I said no because my dad doesn't
like to go but we're forcing my dad
anyways I'm sure he'll fall asleep
during the movie because he's usually
definitely but what you on Facebook come
on oh it is you my mom's Facebook pro
uhm I'm a space with pro though all my
friends follow my on Facebook and she's
the bat literally my mom's best person
Facebook she's the best friend of it no
stop she was hilarious
can we go on your profile let's see what
something recent to the UN still is not
very profile hold on golden be mad gems
right here hold on wait keep going keep
going okay here we go symbols
oh it's humbles that you realize my mom
we post a lot of humble stuff but what
do I mom post why don't you see this one
my mom Shawn magnet Orlando that's right
mom it's good good human my mom is I
want to show a picture of you mom okay
hold on I said I'm honestly just my
premiere yo you tell me this is my mom
my sister right here look at this who is
this who is so hot she's like that six
spicy girl you know sweetie spice this
one
wipe the movies and a rare thing is
about tapping my sister's also coming
says me a mom my dad me and my sister
like the family he's going to a movie
that's a rare I think we made my sister
feel bad cuz you're like yeah well I
would invite you never come and now
she's coming you go to the movies it
never happens is dad's Father's Day gift
since tomorrow I'm really busy my bad yo
but uh you that's going on actually I
hope you guys like it I feel bad if you
don't know no there's a lot of actions I
think you will if you're confused with
the story you can ask me questions but
hopefully apparently people like some
people don't like I thought was really
good I don't know much about x-men also
though but you know this is an amazing
moment my sister's up past 10 p.m.
she's at a movie ok clearly Lily doesn't
watch my vlogs I'm up till 1 a.m. every
day
Emily x-men syndrome part 2 I want to be
some I want to be next men all over
again only mutant all over again all the
same feelings not the first time all of
them again
oz my dad fell asleep and does know what
the movies about my mom liked to my
sister liked it yeah I like it yeah
amazing and now I just know if I run
with that
no I'm still here god damn it life is so
unfair honestly my life is hard
did I see the flowers on the top yes mom
happy Father's Day tomorrow Mike busy
all day so I have my celebrate father's
date you buddy back back thank you thank
God
dad hey Robin hi Bradley
take a shower and I gotta wash my hair
take so badly situation for them MBA
smile and that's what strata like a man
okay yeah Irina's go clean my bad yeah
toilet talk with Leigh Leigh on a bed
because my toilets closed my parents
woman I don't want to get walked huh
thank you for joining man today pretty
relaxing chill day didn't really do any
work at all probably go check some
emails as I put my mouth vibrating thing
on tomorrow that MMVAs and I'm very
excited I can't wait to tell you all the
stuff that's happening and I think I'm
gonna be some really cool exciting
people so that's gonna be dope first
time actually like presenting an award
show so I'm a little bit nervous but I'm
glad you get to join this adventure with
me I'm so full of damn popcorn that I'm
going to wake up in a pile of popcorn
because I'm probably the fart out
popcorn yeah we can go ahead and date me
now I hope you had a wonderful great day
thank you for joining me on mine and yo
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe alright that moment has come
the only the only reason swag is here
here's like vlog
living to litter your best man
