I woke up like this
just kidding this too like an hour and
half um I got a TV spot today
she's got my hair and makeup date I
thought my braids done but from here
below there fish tails that's kind of
cool so it's like normal braid then
fishtail I dig it at digging I didn't do
him my lipstick cuz I still wanna order
breakfast finished an hour early my
car's coming in an hour
so like I'm chilling right - I did I'm
not no nope so I'm gonna order some food
get down to like I said I got a TV
parents today I don't believe it's live
I think it's a pre record for a show
that's coming out later and then
billboard shoots today that's what's
going on and also this video day also
I'm getting a pimple right here I'm sure
you can see pimples on your lip are like
the most painful crap comment below if
you've ever experienced a pimple on your
lip because literally they're from Satan
like they're so painful and why why
wouldn't have my lipstick stop tomorrow
and today do I need to have a pimple on
my lip what what what what what what
what what what what what what what what
minor detail I'm aware the exact same
outfit I wore for the MTV livestream
time to be movie wars livestream summer
wear this then with my jean jacket on
top and you're gonna have like you've
never seen it before in fact you're in a
comment below when I have the outfit on
you guys you're dope outfit I've never
seen before
cuz you know what okay that's happening
I'm also doing my photo shoot I had to
take out this triple stud earring thing
I can't get it back in because I took a
very small screws and all moorings
little spiky thing it's kind of cool -
they need to go back to the piercing
shop and get them to put it inside the
smallest food to put it and it's
impossible but that's a straw clacking I
got spare time right now order some
breakfast is my schedule right here yeah
a spare time you'll leave me yo also to
my hotel
Smashbox just delivered some more boughs
you know what's up you know what's up
yeah
you're both uniformed your clandybar
yeah I got that probably I honestly I
don't I honestly don't know people to
say there's so much traffic it took us
forever to get back home there's so much
traffic and it makes me sleepy being in
a car for that long not even moving
makes me sleepy now have to take a nap
we're feeling life because of this I go
my god I can't do it we're gonna sue
bill work I did booked what time is it
it is 103 we have so much time we have
days yeah so I'm gonna take a nap and
we're gonna wake him off Roberta
because I mean oh my god it's also video
day while we're doing no no okay nap
time first know the people um I was
getting bigger and bigger bigger bigger
bigger I'm doing my billboard shoe this
divides same type of vibes I did for my
India photo shoot got a little bindi and
I'm trying to make it all you know
Indian swag fresh Punjab Punjab in the
house um sauces gonna I love this next
necklace on my garden for me and pebble
and I gonna shot go make some magic
we're gonna try we're gonna do it oh
good good that's a test in your past I'm
trying to use this for like a video idea
I have my brain brewing I don't have and
this is why I love Derrick because I
don't have a completely mapped out
I just know these shots can potentially
work not potentially will work in it I
don't know exactly how they sort of song
and I have any of the song written yet
was still shooting parts of the video
this is like Derek's great cuz he knows
how my brain works he understands and my
schedule works alright Lego I am shablam
Oh BAM shablam Oh Brian shablam
so we're going to try to capture some of
this see how we can do it it's tough
because there's a lot of people a lot of
traffic a lot of ish
when tribest lets go from my billboard
something's just not right about her I'm
looking at a little weird
let me show you hold on dude I mean like
something but it looks weird what here I
don't know something that looks weird I
think so what is the lower part
oh that number wait that can't be right
with it goes way just a dime million
subscriber nine million Hey that's what
he does ready
everybody judging me
I'm carotene super
I love you team super you're the best is
such a great movie with our billboards
anything I'm really together it's so
awesome
nine million holy crap that's like
that's bigger than the population of
planet Earth
I'm pretty sure just saying yeah I'm
taking Liliana home estate today I want
to guys like normally she pays for
everything cuz you know she's in charge
right but not even I got the hummus
today we're a few things number one to
single my name is Bob McLeod okay number
two this room is lies right it tells
this is for New York does it tells me
it's 80 degrees level is a degrees in
here
now maybe 74 it's not it you're you're
dirty liar is what you are we gonna
order some food my point W Latif Punjab
your shoes are killing me so I'm gonna
take these off we got some good stuff
well we have to counter some more really
good stuff look I get some more I
doesn't help it I have the song done but
we're trying our best to capture stuff
it's gonna be good and perhaps is using
a really good camera also my makeup
artist forgot this here some wipe things
oh ah no I have a new wipe thing good
you that's order some food then it's
video day oh pretty oh ah
ah please enjoy this can my god
oh please enjoy this completely candid
moment that I do not orchestrate so I
don't know if you guys know this hey
watch it lamp
um but Lily is a bit of a mechanic she I
have had this dust underneath my um
iPhone camera the selfie camera so I
can't really do selfies because get the
all blown out and cloudy because there's
too much dust underneath there and so
Lily being the mechanic she is she pried
away the this is what happened then we
tell you he was using something to clean
his camera show show show he was using
this to seam the lens of the cameras and
why'd you use that to clean your iPhone
case he's like nah that's not gonna work
because it's underneath and I said give
it to me
and then I took it and I cracked like
lifted the glass a little bit and I use
this tool which is folded paper and I
swagged it with the paper and I
basically did perform open-heart surgery
and now all the selfies could be had
she's so smart
just wow this is how weird I am in front
of people how did that really friends of
you have no idea I don't think it's
weird it's completely normal
share what you have learned to read yeah
exactly right exactly correct I didn't
make a video on types of poops I think
that's a great idea
mm-hmm-hmm if you need me to break into
anybody else's hotel room yeah film
anything gross time is twelve eleven I
just finished writing my script and now
I'm gonna build a tripod and record it
um my goal is to be asleep by two
because I have to wake up at 7:30
all right the time is 3 a.m. videos up
everything's done
I flew about 7:30 to get ready for my
hair makeup for 8:00 so I'm gonna head
to bed a very productive day billboard
choose the photo just awesome releasing
videos types of poop gonna check it out
the link is in the description right
there for my main chat I'll make you
read every Monday those in case you
known I know I'm gonna have to bet I
made a great day and I love you so much
and I'm and scribers thank you so much a
frag 19 subscribers they're like a lot
of people oh my god our family is so big
I love you mwah more tomorrow tomorrow
we have our support event and we have
whole bunch PR and we have always things
going on with these orbs awesome if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe so situation is Derek and I
are different terminals and my driver is
not here and he's across the street so
next place for someone hit his car
New York young man loved oh how we wait
to see if another car will come all good
things all good things now I'm in a cab
I'm picking up Derek let's have dead to
hotel
if the hotel even exists
