so elevator party good morning it is so
damn early a book about 8:30 have two
meetings a superb live - claps a
bazillion things to do today's gonna be
a very very productive day I didn't get
that much sleep again hold on
people are coming as I was saying I
didn't get enough sleep again I went to
bed like kind of early but by the time I
wash my face and put my clothes away and
do all that stuff and it's being so late
anyways but I'm heading to this meeting
also I woke up to some pleasantness
because Dwayne posted a picture of us -
and then I was like my heart was melting
and I was it but then you spelled my
name
lol why so hot you know what happened da
my name is now Li ly okay that's f that
last I'll give AF about that last oh my
name is whatever doing says my name is
okay it doesn't matter what my name is
come on come on let's go down here thank
you
it doesn't matter what my name is then
he changed it to two L's because I guess
like people were bugging him so my name
is Lily again
but yeah so basically the moral of the
story is my name is whatever he says my
name is okay
goddammit he posted a picture of us he's
so sweet I love that I love okay and you
realize the camera still
attached my hand I'm gonna go I'm gonna
go I'm gonna drive to my meeting and
pretend I'm not very dying because who's
not also like at my shirt and my shirt
can can you see it with my grace helbig
can you see it can you see it I'll shut
you when it's not wrinkled into a
thousand I'm not good at vlogging okay
bye
no when you meet someone and they're so
wonderful so you like everything about
the more me with Joe Jonas not that I
didn't like his music before because I
did but now I like loved his music
because I know he's a great person in
real life as well so okay you're
supposed to be loud so I could end that
couple of walk on high first meeting
down second meeting to go a little bit
late for it but yo has make it happen so
I'm at my second meeting the attending
got the gate was so kind to me let me
park in the deal where we stay so like
it's okay so you have to walk files like
you flirting with me because I'm down
papi
alrighty it is 12:30 right now and I
have an iron half until a school alive
let's head home eat something do the
damn thing let go we're not giving up we
about to get it all so hard
ain't no sleepy ain't no nothing where's
my address what do I live how do I get
home these are all the questions I have
what's up here we go so elevate the
party do dinning room to know do whole
emotion right there
dang everybody don't wanna go ruining I
see the amount of time I drops the love
the amount of times I drop a phone in
days Vegas I'll be holding foreigners
like I drop it my phone give us whatever
if I drop my phone 10 goddamn anyways
then for the new card yesterday was
vitality let's see what today is shall
we
downtown downtown today's card is cute
ups and downs ooh this is gonna be a
good one a little foggy on it okay ups
and downs I see life as an incredible
ride and I'm lucky to be on it yes the
ups and downs make me wanna puke
sometimes but there also makes things
fun and interesting and when you look
back even puking on yourself makes for a
good story true look at it just dripping
in truth sauce game holders dripping in
that truth sauce right there I see life
is an incredible ride and I'm lucky to
be on it isn't that a thing all the
things we complain about like whiteness
happened what other people in other life
circumstances
probably beg for those things happen to
them because they're in a severely
different situation than us and we
should be really really grateful for all
of the ups and downs limitation but
downs the downs are what count I mean
the opps count but the downs are what
build character now anytime I look back
into like a good quality I have it's
usually birthed from a place of pain or
hurt or a down whether it's depression
whether it's getting heart broken wet
sweat other you always come out with
some sort of strength and that's because
of downs the Downs are so crucial let
the downs you can't go up you can't
physically you can't do it even if you
draw it like a diagram like how could
you up if you weren't down yeah I mean
if you weren't downer how would you go
up or you know you know I mean also
close to a Super Bowl my life can't wait
for my nose to start itching you're
ready you know ready you're ready you're
not ready
that's click start broadcast and okay
and and and and and and and and and and
and whatever wanted to go simpler
welcome to ask sober one minute all
right Ashley woman life is done which
means that we get to take a 30 minute
nap oh I can't sleep on the white pillow
because I'm still wearing makeup so I
have to sleep on Keim's alright let's do
it
yo Kyle's here tells on my favorite
people on the planet his face makes me
happy um we're what we're waiting for
Tila and Ava
and what about shoot some dope stuff and
what are we working I would work with
some what stuff it rhymes with schmorl's
from love she doesn't smile smile yeah
that's close what you should do and I've
said this before is you follow on
Instagram on Twitter act spread girl
love because we're playing some dope
stuff and you know how much I care about
it and Kyle cure is equally kinda so
passionate and wonderful and great and
humble cares too humble loves loving
girls I love rulz
first time in my home it's so beautiful
you're here sweetie I'd never seen this
kid before I got the fisheye yeah I love
it
that's the first time I'm clapping with
both of these lovely ladies and the
first time they're here and we're just
like chatting it up it's so refreshing
actually cuz we had to look legit girl
talk right now yeah and I think I've
been lacking that we shared the name we
introduced I learned this new phrase
that's like they spilled some tea and I
was like oh my god what pretend like I
know this means cuz I'm a young person
it's awesome but it was dope about to
shoot this thing it's gonna be awesome
oh and these nails girl let's just talk
about it's all like so oh my god now
they're now is how do you tweet you know
it's stuff that it takes time but it
makes a lot of noise so much I like that
dog you are you eight I like
I like and I'm like.he like that I like
I like that hit embarrass me we're gonna
have to record a sound bite of that for
the video literally the most patient
wonderful people to work with in the
history of people to work with are these
two people right here what up yeah I'm
so wonderful and I made them do a
bazillion things and they still do here
there's a time we did it and they came
in with their hairs all did and I look
like a specialist represent don't reason
juicy at least you can't run ahead I
came to the shower but it was dope hope
you guys like it I'll be out like
soonish not too soon but soon it should
be good it again gonna get what's
crack-a-lackin' finished shooting with
ava and teyla I really hope y'all like
the video
I mean you won't see it for awhile
because I'm banking it don't drop you
won't see for a while cuz I'm banking it
but I think it's good my hair is really
bothering me I need to cut my hair even
when I was doing the skit I'm like my
hair is too long I need to trim it or do
something that's going on now Dom is
gonna come over cuz you shoot something
for his channel as well so that's what
cracka lackin the Sun is so pretty right
now look at it look at it look at it so
played this all Haiti this guy is
obsessed with me
holy crap they're gonna find out soon
how obsessed I really like so I was
honestly I was just I am I love shooting
with him because every time I shoot with
Dom I feel like I get schooled after
because he's always so prepared and you
just like it's so good at what he does
and it makes me so insecure and when he
leaves him like Craig Thomas look good I
what he does into some of my game
everything I'm it's all like he planned
this to try yeah that's a lot behind
this like things all this equipment he
has like you know particularly for a
guest not in real life it doesn't work
we're not this prepared for anything
else except for house a Dumbo's rebuff
it's called a jack-in-the-box diet now
you do use I trust me I touch you a lot
I know
buzzer degwin one day we're going
fantastic we will is it going
fantastically well Florida I tried to
rap rats today I heard
I actually flush - don't know your
depositary good it's hard to wrap us I'm
getting old
yeah that's my story so we're gonna
shoot this scene for Don this video
right now what's the premise of the
scene no it's a romantic scene I think
my god go pig do bad I would be puffing
puffing realistically yeah I'll be your
pretend camera guy here and then we'll
cut over the shoulder you're excited oh
this thing I think it's like down to
like looking up in smile cam I was like
I'm like really really excited and then
we cut to here or take a room and we'll
just go for it and there's thumbnails
let's see how close we can get I would
drink straight honors like turkey or is
it just I think it's a natural where you
feel like the Holy Spirit is saying I
want you to follow that okay your life
if we connect
lips your life will forever change for
the worse that's not a good way to sell
it let me change that puts your wine
then this you son fit their bodies are
done this may oh my god
experimenting up rifle or use not all
right you got practice like comment
subscribe like comment strange boy well
you don't know you guys what this is
this is the lily effect right here heart
beating dude this is like it's like
dubstep I'll research okay let me go
oh dude John your hair smells bark smell
his hair that scuffles wrong oh yeah oh
yeah mellow risen yours it's 111 a.m.
and I'm so tired but I need to pack and
you know I feel about packing I'm not
good at it I can do it Nick take shower
you send some emails
walk about 8:30 rate higher
so I left aqua Lele also tired my eyes
are burning I'm gonna pack do some
emails go to bed very very productive
today a lot of things happen today I
feel like the meetings I had were like
two days ago I didn't feel like there
were today but thank you for joining me
on today I also want to say I know I
mean I don't I'm not saying this because
I feel the need I have to explain I'm so
tired and I'm homeless I'm prettier I'm
not doing this because I feel like I
have to explain but you know I like to
be real with you
I know and swooz this video some of you
got a little bit like oh so problem why
are you kissing someone doing it maybe
was like not so much to kissing Suzy's
video maybe was the rest of the content
but don't feel any tip away for D chips
this video it's really cute concept it's
gonna come out a little bit later but
it's a really cute concept and um I
would never do anything every day I was
uncomfortable doing so when you watch
your videos like that if I kiss them one
or something like know that I'm never in
an uncomfortable situation Dietrich's
and her friends he's such a sweetheart
he wrote this whole script in accordance
and he didn't force me to do anything
who's very much so like hey if you're we
could vacant your dad and I was like
yeah whatever let's just do it it's like
I'm not ditional for role drama never do
things like this and some you know what
do you mean like it's totally fine so I
hope you guys are gonna be cool with it
and you support me like you always do um
well I got a little bit of action after
a long time you'll be happy for manav's
by the way I did use this really good
kisser y'all I don't know um anyway uh
I'm going to pack like I said tomorrow
I'm heading to New York and my literally
because of the flight time and the time
difference I've been been playing all
day I don't know if I'm gonna vlog we'll
see I mean I might but I'm gonna play
from us today and hopefully when I land
nothing goes wrong because you know my
history with in New York but that's
going on I'm gonna get going
hope you had a great day hope you're
wonderful I hope you're well and dealing
with the challenges of your life with
strength and courage like I know you're
capable of doing so wins together whoo
why some water I'm parched anyways if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe pressure they can't hear
anything you're saying cuz there's an
echo here once you catch my blog camera
alright you're gonna
first time witness you're either gonna
shatter into pieces oh you think the
clothes are better like you to shatter
into pieces or humble is gonna hold you
down again it's recording alright here
we go
ready yes
