honestly who invented 9 a.m. whoever
invented 9 a.m. we weekend I don't see
his big friends I see is going to like
different parties I see us like not even
sitting beside each other at a party
like you're the type of person that I'd
say at a party to me oh my god hey like
we tell some time and but we're never
gonna show because we're so different
I'm so tired
that's okay cuz I'll call right now and
then I might be able to knock for
another 20 minutes
I have a call and then I have a meeting
and then I have fuller house
I forgot our work yesterday oh you just
finished my call you my partner with the
window after to do this year just just
know while I was sitting there just just
that's what I just put this what I do is
what I do
the call was two hours long word is
really really really good and look what
I got oh wait first before that I forgot
good morning um look what I got from
Smashbox okay look at this banana this
banana every look I want you comes
banana banana everything okay look what
Smashbox company isn't this that's
really oh my god this is a texture I do
not have a cat combination like this oh
my god oh my god let me tell you why
this is amazing because it matches the
font I'm very happy about this oh my god
this might be my new favorite hat thanks
matchbox wine hug yourself every time I
said oh my god okay also I got this are
you ready for this is I'm super excited
but I saw on Twitter some people are
getting it and I was like okay look I
want you to look at this look at how
large this is I'm gonna open it oh ah
you open it and Lilly thanks for being
an amazing partner xoxo Smashbox it's
all of the liquid lipsticks as you know
my is one but these are all of the
shades how beautiful is this and that
over here we got like how beautiful is
this I never I'm not I can't take this
out of the box it has to be like this
forever until always and to like bury me
with this get
bloody buried will I be cremated the
Scot deep that's got real deep real
quick but look at this look at this
ah thank you so much and oh my god
there's so much oh my god there's so
much other makeup I'm so happy about it
look is all right so yes she was
perseverance probably my favorite card
perseverance and today's is patience
congratulations you've been granted more
patience have a have a dough
you may start using it right away or
much much later waiting a long time as a
sort of option now afforded waiting a
long time can I not read waiting a long
time is the sort of option now afforded
to you by greater patience to be fair
lots of strange sentence can you believe
it look at this you're still reading and
you haven't started getting have no idea
imagine how this patience will transform
your life imagine how easy will be to go
to the post office true try you know I
do hate the post office alright
today is about having more patience
that's what's up that is gonna happen
Joe is my oatmeal gun yet I two things
number one I love oatmeal I just really
like old way no I usually like to Apple
meal and then humble has his maple sugar
oatmeal and I had his one day and his is
so much better so I just finished all of
his oatmeal
what is the second thing I'm loving
seeing your videos and my team super
handshake they're literally melting my
heart but you know I'm gonna let you
know what's up I'm gonna be real with
you some of y'all are messing it up and
I'm gonna tell you how okay watch it's
like this boom boom boom boom boom yeah
did now this part is where a lot of your
going there's a pause because you have
to add the swag okay so it's one two
who-who is that possible
oh it's not the reason is it adds with
like the dapping type movement okay so
did I just just it's complicated I know
but we're gonna do it you approach me
we're gonna do the handshake be great
semi we're videos use the hash tag team
super handshake I'm loving seeing your
videos and for all you that are like
that sad moment when you have known to
the handshake with me you don't need
someone with a handshake look at this
look at this
she's frigerator you good friends
alex is on his way we're headed to a
full house up I'm so excited I'm wearing
my monkey shirt
he's the vibes right here I got a bedpan
hello bad thing I'm excited except I'm
properly no I have hunger without so we
haven't ever hung out like one-on-one
it's always been group setting so I'm
excited to hang out
recycling need to be taken out but I'm
excited uh-oh so and sometimes my blogs
I know it looks like I have a patch I
think I do have a patch of discolored
skin here and I don't think my
foundation is strong enough to cover it
up so sometimes you're watching my blogs
and like why the efforts are makeup left
up that means action just my skin you
know I think either that or I don't do
my foundation properly or I go like this
in a wipe stuff I know could be serious
things to children excited to live out
their dreams right now for oh I forgot
to widescreen avoid future yeah that's
what your excitement please because I
was telling Alex that no one else was
excited about the cheese like I was
excited what to do what have a cheese
like the cheesiness mmm she group texted
in a group of seven and can I just say
that that was like I texted so many
people before as well not at your last
words were you having no no you like
fuller house but everyone else like no
I've never seen her like not a bad leap
you can be friends anymore to all those
people there deleted off my phone OH
and then I was the only one to respond
and I was like she's like has anybody
seen fuller house nobody responded and I
said I've seen every episode Oh super
excited gonna meet DJ Stephanie from a
distance don't know most people try to
quote the reason I got past is because
um
one of the younger actions is a fan of
mine so you know we'll meet her but
maybe there's a chance to meet the other
one so either way doesn't matter I'm
steady then again the boy I don't
remember Laura but I want to meet him
yeah go go go alright so we just checked
in at a booth over there that said for
VIP check-in for Full House apparently
were VIP
yeah we are apparently were VIPs I'm so
excited he's where you secret vlogging
not secret blog I'm out here you know we
might not be able to grow a cab we
probably what we definitely won't be
able to blog on the set they don't let
that happen so we might be at my for a
little bit well we should turn off and
enjoy it enjoy the helmet you know we
blog daily vlog and sometimes important
to just kind of be like chill enjoy the
moment no steps also they pop in take
our cameras away from us so we have no
choice but maybe a little snapchat like
reception but a collage want to go enjoy
the moment and like field situation
that's what I'm excited for
and if John Stamos do this because it's
producing it then I'll come back home
with no panties whatever family-friendly
I'm sorry I'm sorry kids like Richie yes
yeah so Gigi's beautiful new cheese you
got you it she's hot yeah yeah we're
gonna see coach winds up like now
I hope they're here I don't owe you
they're gonna be they're gonna surprise
us all right come on behind us and be
like hey guys oh oh
my dreams are coming true right now
let's go back actually over here Ashley
she's a sweetheart she's actually what
you got your lips there oh oh balls
you know okay whatevs
actually plays a little on fuller house
gang and they're so cool and awesome and
talented every time I see people you're
going to be so talented I go home and
cry a lot so sweet everything God he's
like what am I doing with my life
Alex is here hey it was awesome it was
dope I loved it I loved it ah and she's
the sweetest she got me a unicorn
playing it with like a super a she's
just um
thank you so much my name's horrible but
Alex what we do my life
that's how I feel right now I know you
feel because I feel like when I see kids
like that I'm like you guys are
something Everett I know I know it's a
motivational but I think what am i doing
right there so they have everything
together um that was dope
I'm so glad you came with me opiate fun
I had a lot of fun well thank you for
them yeah of course in with the MVCC oh
yeah yeah oh so dope we met a few the
maps and show as well they're all super
super nice super talented and just like
it was dope now we're gonna do what
we're supposed to do eat all day where's
Chipotle where's close to LA I guess we
should go back to the area first right
you know you know why you buy my Long
John I didn't yeah I just had to go okay
okay okay nip all right so now back in
my place and this one is all like you
need to watch Girl Meets World because
it was fuller yeah and because like I've
clogged with Rome before the videos not
out yet but I thought I'd go check her
out
cuz she's all and I loved her when I met
her so yeah I'm also uncomfortably full
and probably in a puke out of my
bellybutton but yeah we're still eating
swedish fish yeah it hurts but so good
swedish fish is worth it yeah I'm so
tired it's only like 12 15 I'm so tired
I think I'm gonna do a little quick
workout and then hit the bed and get a
good night's sleep I'd such a maid let's
talk first let's talk some things first
full house oh my god my childhood self
is shrieking with joy first of all huge
shout out to Ashley who plays Lola on
fuller house who invited me to come she
got the cake she made me this blanket
let me show this duolan should maybe
this blanket or one side she's made it
one side is unicorns and one side is
Superman signs and she made it so much I
from the team is pencil-case has like
unicorns and stuff and on the back the
entire cast signed it how sweet is that
so so sweet all the kids on set were so
awesome I met Kimmy Gibbler hi what the
f
hello I met Stephanie hell I couldn't I
couldn't meet DJ because she wasn't she
I guess she was doing something like Oh
I was just it was honestly in order is
this some real deep ish I will never get
used to meeting people that I grew up
idolizing like that's really
overwhelming to me Alan is the same with
Dwayne famously you know like I grew up
watching fuller like I can't speak I'm
so excited I grew up watching full house
I loved it I watched like every single
episode my whole family's to watch it
and like it's just such a big part of my
childhood so meeting these people and
having conversations with them like
that's so amazing so inspirational
because inspiration is priceless and
it's just I just I'm so absent I just
sell my heart is exploding and it was so
awesome to see like how Joe do you play
stephanie has occur kids in the audience
and they're watching her and I'm like
holy crap when she was on the Shelf like
full house she was a kid and her mom was
probably watching her like how full
circle is that that is mind-blowing to
me it is just absolutely amazing they're
all so so so nice really down to earth
people really humble and just like
really good vibes man I'm so damn happy
oh so I like talked with Lilly I'm so
tired today I didn't do much work but
that's okay also on a very serious note
um Alex and I had to give our phones in
and when we got out we saw whole bunch
of post about Muhammad Ali so we
actually had no idea for a lot of today
and that's like super sad because
obviously a huge huge legends it's just
like a lot of legends are saying goodbye
it's a little bit like a bit of a rude
awakening because just like damn life is
precious life is short and so like
shoutouts to legends rest in peace to
the legends and make the most of what we
can with our life the limited time we
have on this planet let's make an impact
in our own special unique way and so how
did you make it impact today and how did
I make them in fact today we should ask
myself these questions every day oh yeah
that's super sad but also super
important because like such an important
life and such a great life but at the
end on a positive note tomorrow I am I
believe I'm having brunch with Spike and
I hope it's not too
early because I really want to sleep in
and that I'm one of my Styles in LA is
coming to check out some clothes I have
and we gotta get some work done that's
what's gonna happen it's got to make up
for today the lack of work that happened
today but I'm gonna have to bed hope you
had a great day
we shall chat again tomorrow love you
let me let me let me love you if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe subscribe I've been to this
plum is plum right missus but it was so
juicy the leeks floated I want this and
like on the floor down my I'm a juiciest
plum ever mmm
