today is a new day good morning
I didn't vlog yesterday for a few
reasons one my body was broken from the
shoot and all the stuff had to do so I
was just like did nothing all day I
literally slept and watch TV and ate and
it was not excited and I was really
feeling some type of way about just all
the stuff that's been happening it was a
very negative depressing vlog not that
I'm not that I don't think I should
still vlog that so if I still want to
put me in all my ways you know out there
for you to see you know within reason
but I don't want to put on this facade
of like that's because I don't want to
promise facade of always being happy I'm
not and I don't mind sharing those
moments with you but it was just a bad
vlog and I delete it all and I going to
start tomorrow because I didn't feel
that my heart wasn't in it and even
today I'm like trying to make it a new
positive day there's been so much stuff
going on with Kristina and the Orlando
shooting and it's really gotten to me
because I'm just like every time I
scrolled through Twitter to some
horrible news and I'm I for one always
believed in humanity but I just this is
just we're going through a sad time and
like my friends and I my YouTube friends
I would just keep texting and we just
keep being like yo I love you guys so
much means so much mean it's just a sad
time that's why I didn't vlog yesterday
but today is a new day I'm still feeling
some type of way but I'm trying to do
something today because yesterday I did
nothing so it is rejuvenation Sunday
we're gonna clean the place a little bit
I have so much work to catch up on again
because for the thousand time I did
nothing yesterday I literally slept went
into a hot tub ate and slept again so
this is going on let's eat some oatmeal
lots of the day started it's clean the
place because all of this stuff is
happening and we don't want that it's a
positive day
that's dude actually yesterday's card
was really good it was about worthiness
and I'll read yesterday's cards because
I didn't read it I mean I do leave the
blog footage but it says I am worthy of
the ultimate happiness I deserve and
accept it and damn it I'm not going to
feel guilty about it when I get it guilt
is not invited to my happy party I won't
even tell them where it is if he asks
about it I'll be like no I think you're
thinking of someone else and then I'll
run away very quickly that was
yesterday's card and actually really did
help me because it's kind of the same
message of unicorn Island and you might
be wondering what the hop into your
voice and the answer is I don't know I
think seeing Dwayne and AJ McLean in one
night
took away my voice somehow someway I
have no idea um today's card is sort of
looks like ooh it says Wonder it's a
wonderful thing to be in a state of
wonder and when I'm going to and when
I'm a good audience to my life my life
becomes better and better theater when
something delightful happens I can shout
encore and be tickled what happens again
when something maddening happens I can
laugh it off either way I'm glad I got a
ticket to the show that is really
freaking I love these damn cards it's a
wonderful thing to be in a state of
wonder is interesting sentence and when
I'm a good audience to my life my life
becomes better and better theater that's
really friggin good I love that okay
that's gonna replace the worthiness
won't found before I'm sorry oh
WrestleMania shirt messy hair let's make
sunday count oh hey so I just wanted an
extreme Twitter end and I just want to
share my thoughts and feeling boozy you
know I am so frustrated I feel such type
of ways because and I've been sure maybe
I already said this in the vlog earlier
it's like I'm really impacted by what's
happening because it's like a cold
reality and a harsh realization that
like unicorns and positive videos they
can't save people's lives and I feel
like I'm so I really value spreading
positivity making a difference being an
important member of humanity but then
it's this reality that like no matter
what you do people are still going to
die people are still going to be
ignorant and that is unsettling to me
because I feel helpless I don't know
what to do to help people I don't know
how I can help people and it's almost a
realization that you can't help people
and it it's so unsettling to me it makes
me feel some type of way I joined a huge
Twitter rant being like we all just have
to figure out our own I am being so so I
don't care do this is dramatically you
have to listen to me this is important
we are in this together dude we are not
witnessing humanity we are part of it we
all have to do something to help in our
own way and you might be thinking like
oh I'm one person a student and so so
what am I going to do like dude
something is better than
nothing whether it's spreading
positivity was helping someone in need
in your own little way like we all have
to do something because the world can be
a bad place but I really believe there's
so much more good than there is bad we
just have to really proactively up and
do something about it like we all have
to put in extra hours extra effort extra
work because it affects us all we're in
this together and I mean like I just
texted a whole bunch of my you know my
gay friends being like I'm sorry like on
behalf of the world like I'm sorry that
people are so ignorant towards you and
care and give an F about who you love
and on behalf of I'm sorry and like what
I can do as for as long as I have an
influence is promote one love and be
like you I don't give an F who you love
or how you choose to live your life we
all need to spread that awareness and
this is like yeah I'm talking about the
pride shooting right now but aside from
that whether it's Christina shooting or
there's any other thing that's happening
anywhere around the world you have to do
something about it
you can't just sit there and be like oh
I what am I gonna do with one person No
then as one person think of something to
do like we have to do something about
all the stuff that's happening so that's
what I've committed to in my own little
way I'm gonna continue trying to change
the world for the better and I all
encourage you to do the same and get
together with the group of friends or
your family and talk about it and talk
about what you can do to help in any
such way whether it's donating
volunteering as simple as like reaching
out to someone in your community that
might need help or just think of ways
man we're in this together we got it we
have we don't have a choice
we have we're in this together that's
I'm gonna shut up now that's what I have
to say it's all of our responsibility
that's it the end it is Sunday we've
rejuvenated everything is shining and
sparkling we made ourselves some
sandwiches send chips broccoli huh so
the business difference being humble and
I well amongst other things is that I'd
like my vegetables teams and humble
would rather shoot himself in the
eyebrow then Steve has a hydro hose like
raw I cut myself
anyways this is going on and then we're
gonna do some work
you have our 2g what
we're just watching Game of Thrones
Khan's work yes but you have any other
work mmm okay work and then Game of
Thrones positivity will prevail Oh
beautiful does not know does it no what
time is it I think I've no gauge of the
time it's 5:30 no happened it's Game of
Thrones time we're deciding to watch it
on time this time so that Twitter cannot
ruin anything for us that's the one I'll
make some popcorn honestly I'mI'm pour
myself a drink
what is going on to deal with Game of
Thrones and the real world is just
replicating Game of Thrones and
something I have to course up a drink
humble is looking at me I don't know why
you're like that oh yeah be one sec just
white noise like no no that was my
thinking pays off man please like
there's a lot of looking at thing he
looks like you got beaned that's how
this is a game yeah I look like I'm
looking at unfriendly and unapproachable
but really that's just its resting
thinking unfriendly face what were you
thinking about
I was I was watching you as if I was
watching the vlog there watching you
talk okay okay
Game of Thrones I love how they have
such strong female characters in that
damn show all the pride you all the
pride we want to get something mad Sonny
you supposed to get some work done I
have so much more ketchup on humbug in
two are connected
maverick matter
we're getting a lot of work done
together with them I'm getting a lot of
my inbox says zero right now zero nada
zilch he's about to make some dinner I'm
thinking spaghetti I don't fear I'm a
vegetable humble do I'm gonna I do every
meal I want to eat so we got we're gonna
look in the fridge so we can come bitch
together
I feel like spaghetti because we have a
little red pepper those mushrooms are
probably bad
I wouldn't report them these ones see in
fact that you say I don't okay the fact
that they look like they've been on the
Sahara Desert for like a month means
we're to throw them away huh don't get
away this is that's a throwaway
situation there's a way to mushrooms
laughter anyways so we got red peppers
this Oh red peppers in that yeah a
spinach spinach where's the spinach oh
you can this finish he hates village yes
I don't finish I cook spinach like the
flavors came taster it was good I hit
some in your salad yesterday you didn't
know you didn't even know the flavors
please I hate the texture of spinach
when he can't even fly
honest eat yesterday when I made him a
sandwich I slipped cooks but even know
he's like a child you reflux like
vitamins into like Thank You child you
have you sneaking all in all eat it okay
thank you you should open up a
restaurant this past I'm using it's one
full serving of vegetables it's made
from zucchini and spinach um so for I
can't even read it
humble reach oh I'm doing for them that
time do the super would you get some
back as we have our own as well because
there's a lot of brain power required to
remember that one let alone okay let's
do
stores let's try to go a cuvette who you
know what's up team super humanity today
earlier today I had discussion with them
but how I got mad deep and had like a
three minute ran because I was saying
how was all things happening the world
is each and every person's
responsibility to do something and knock
your helpers and do something within
their life to positively impact the
world and people I think even if it's
just making somebody that you already
like smile exactly what I said that's
what I said so not to be Colby something
we didn't address what I feel like would
be very to address with you as well is
that something like read about earlier
also is that I want everyone to be aware
it I don't feel people do this with bad
intentions but I want everyone to be
aware of the dangers of the words Muslim
or Islamic alongside the word terrorist
and I feel like this is an issue with
love people say and not realizing it but
Muslim terrorists and Islamic tears
that's not the correct term terrorism
has no religion so to associate those
two words together is very dangerous
because it leads people to believe that
all Muslims will be terrorists and that
Islam and Muslims are so stated with
terrorism but that's not the case just
because someone claims to be a religion
and kills people
that's equivalent to me being like I'm
killing you let me yell something and
now suddenly I represent a whole group
of people where it doesn't mean I
actually follow that you know what I
mean so I know if you ever
that's like honestly let me let me just
break it down for you real real real
tall with dangers of that are after 9/11
when people had this Islamic oviya like
people that look - like humble were
attacked innocent people attacking him
beer Singh Sodhi in San Diego he was
just gardening at his bus that's right
at his gas station just gardening and
somebody murdered him while he was
gardening simply because they thought
the idea of the thought of terrorists
had a certain look it's very dangerous a
Muslim terrorists or Islamic terrorists
do not support that when the media says
it be aware of it be critical thinkers
and I treated knows like if any video
outlet are you
the term toward happy for an interview I
did not support this so just and also
remember a long time ago they used to
call Nelson Mandela a terrorist and now
we all know Nelson Mandela's one of the
greatest human beings to ever exist he
was labeled a terrorist George
Washington who is the founder of this
country was also labeled but the
terrorist by the British also Hubble
made a great point earlier which is that
you can't pick and choose like Muhammad
Ali was Muslim so he's a loved and
warmest wonderful icon who was Muslims
yeah he credits Islam as giving him
peace so people understand that Islam
can give people peace he can also
motivate people to do horrible things
but that's all because of beliefs yes
remember that and when he says motivates
people to hopeful things that means that
person's interpretating
just because the person claims are doing
things or reason it doesn't actually
represent that religion yeah yeah I mean
anyways comment below with your thoughts
we'd love to know them comment below
come below come below do good be good
love good how friends the time is 4:00
a.m. Sydney came over were just like
children all three of us I got a decent
amount of work done not like an
incredible amount of work done but
tomorrow's Monday so the husband
continues tomorrow is video day I also
have two calls and on Wednesday I'm
going to New York so have a whole bunch
of stuff to do by the way check out my
socials those details about a New York
event are coming up that I'm very
excited about some if you check that out
we've used in that area other than that
today was a very rollercoaster day
trying to make positivity prevail also I
picked a new towel color it is this
green thought you should know
uh-hum oh yeah today was a roller
coaster of log and I'm getting a pimple
and long story short
make the day count do what you can do
humanity win this together already said
I'm not gonna keep saying it just your
actions matter
that's almost that your actions matter
um yeah if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe alright guys subscribe
alright so drains over there with Kevin
just finishing up some injuries well
let's talk about
million just walked by me like AJ from
Backstreet Boys here we go and I was
like I'm sorry today just are you
talking that way Liz are left with me
Eddie
women are each other we're doing is that
I'm trying to talk about my boyfriend
are you telling the advice on the Left
I've been agent McLean's on the right
and without trying to come here right
now because I don't understand why
