what's that why am I your responsible
adult I can't wake up on time and now I
have oatmeal oh man I don't know late
breakfast car not too late but not too
early either let's do it I'm heading to
do a voiceover stuff isn't very cool
because I believe Russell Peters is also
going to be there and I've met him
before were never actually properly I
we're on set for a little bit before I
was superwoman so I'm what these open
car drive they're very very very
productively ahead of us
that's make it happen good morning my
beauty yes I'm vlogging everyone judge
me odd what what time do I use ah um
you're so hot
oh my god
here horses hi great look at this got
this little oatmeal holder here killing
the game Oh honestly I'm not even late I
was whistling I bash you up I'm like
three minutes easy eat sorry I thought I
saw a face in the back for a second you
know what's gonna make me late though
this right now what I'm doing right now
is gonna make me late so let's not do
this yeah how you doing at a red light
you know I forgot water you know
everything's like sandpaper myself I
guess I'm like let me know if your
drywall needs sanding rub my throat
against her all right made it on time
part with six minutes to spare to get to
the actual sweep editing to go to you
know to look at how you're looking at a
full fledge adult right now yeah I mean
what's up also I don't know how to do my
taxes also yesterday I couldn't spell
the word preposterous and I spelled it
so incorrectly that even spell check was
like what the f are you trying to say
I'm doing the stuff my like oh I'm doing
stuff at this CP we just finished doing
a voice over and I ate all the chips and
everything's great look why MIT what is
that isn't my vlogging camera
oh yeah it's a fisheye next everyone
look horrible and great yeah you should
get one we just did some cool voiceover
stuff for a project is super cool this
guys are really damn good at everything
and I was like learned a lot of stuff so
I was super cool I literally cannot
remember where I parked I'm like
struggling I'm like honking my horn on
my Tesla app and I just can't hear it
off in the distance and I have no idea
where it is whatsoever I'm so challenged
okay
where hell is it
I just have no idea where it is I have
absolutely no idea I don't know this is
honestly just ridiculous I need to get
better at this I'm so directionally
challenged and I've literally walked on
this whole parking structure like 10
times right now and I can't find my
heart oh all right so I'm home humbles
leaving for the airport like Jewish
hours and I have so much the scenes to
record we're not gonna get to all them
and I'm hoping to get to one major scene
with you still kind of have to go over
it practice it memorize it
I'm just gonna eat and do that and then
um I'm gonna miss you guys
I know but still yeah I'm gonna miss you
today super sing now the Svante
spontaneity is done so first of all
scald them unicorn affirmations is that
that's the cult or firm furnitures
affirmative affirmative affirmative but
I'm calling them super sayings now as in
Super Saiyan get it that type of ish so
yesterday's a spontaneity today's is are
you ready hums yeah sanctuary good for
you it seems you've earned some time
away from the chaos of life that's not
true
it could be as small as a bubble bath or
as big as a trip or maybe it's a small
trip to a big bubble bath or
normal-sized trip to a tiny bubble bath
or maybe you tripped and fell on
someone's bath whatever it is it's
waiting for you with open arms just pick
your favorite sanctuary and unplug for a
bit especially if a bath is involved I'm
not gonna apply this to today because we
spent two hours yesterday during a bath
ball back and forth which I think was
our sanctuary your intersector you know
what fine to follow this today after I
finish my work I'll watch like a
documentary or movie I'll do that
that will be my sanctuary for today is
going on the fridge excellent message
excellent alright so I have to self
tapes to do one of the self tapes
requires two scenes one of the scenes is
so long the other self table cars for
sings I would like to tell how ruthless
this thief is in terms of like
memorization did you get an Oscar just
for it did not this for this audition
like so much memorization so much it ah
one in New York
for seven whole days that is like 150
million hours so I will see you guys
when I see you guys don't worry
camels and I will keep the apartment
real safe yes to all my polar bears
we're not having any parties this week
unless you guys are in New York and then
shout outs on the New York unicorns
maybe you'll see me walking around we'll
look for some billboards together I
can't wait to walk around on my bra a
little what words I'm talking my bra
yeah they are I literally since I've
come over and nothing I was like staring
on my computer going to social media
wasting my entire life
I'm sorry to do this i'ma go get some
food from downstairs first make to-do
list by the way yesterday my blog puts
and my teeth were bleeding out even know
the whole ending my teeth my teeth are
just bleeding I'm sorry that's kind of
gross but that's just pop in and then I
think the reason my doing things because
I have so many things on my plate that I
don't know where to start so I need some
food and I'm going to make a list and
organize my life a little bit that's
what's going on in also summer because
I'm not here like I have no one else
working here with me type thing ah
something important has happened I was
waiting upstairs to get food I saw my
neighbor in the elevator he looks so
tired I mean we don't interact that much
I don't see him that much when I do say
I'm gonna say what happened stuff he
looks so tired he's like man has been
grinding all day and traveling for
meetings just had such a long work day
and I saw how tired he was and I was
like what the hell is my excuse I need
to go back to my apartment do work
people already are grinding why do I
think that I shouldn't be grinding so
now we're gonna get the after work after
we're done eating I'm renewed right now
we gonna get to work blah blah blah blah
where do I say time is 1156 and I'm
making more cards for boskie boys so
Baus is gonna be more people's hands and
my handwriting these cards this is my
arts and crafts box a.k.a shoe box and
using my stickers that i sealed
envelopes with and that's what's going
on right now getting some work done jam
to some music to my tank do my thang yo
what up if my eyes are black is because
I just
my mascara as I always do my just like
blade it's like three or something you
might before I don't know I didn't check
I've been doing a lot of creative work
not the work I was supposed to really be
doing but I got carried away with an
idea and started working on it super
difficult idea though like I spent hours
and hours and hours trying to iron out
this creative and I like couldn't
completely do it so I like had to walk
away from it because I need to wake up
tomorrow so NASA's going on holding so
much tank remember when I clean my
makeup yeah you can put any leg away it
turns a queer Lily my tub needs to be
cleaned ah rejuvenation Sunday couldn't
company quicker um your I need I didn't
EEP I need an executive producer I'm
coming to realize that like I'm a really
big control frequent comes to my
creative stuff naturally should be it's
like my little babies all my videos but
I'm becoming more and more unable to do
the planning rip like I literally have a
document that has like 50 video ideas
but all of them are like bigger shoots
that I can't do with myself on a tripod
that acquire like some level of planning
and I need an executive producer I'm
honestly gonna have this conversation
tomorrow with my team of finding
meetings I hear producer because I just
need to be like I need someone I need to
say hey this is my idea this is my
vision can you orchestrate all of it and
I will deal with the creative ideas and
the delivery of the creativity and be in
the video but like I just
none of the videos come to life because
I can't like schedule shoot days I can't
find the people to be in it I can't get
the props can't do all that stuff um
there's so many steps involved in some
of the ideas where I just can't
accomplish those steps
that's my brain rendering right now but
that's what I'm feeling and we're gonna
work on that a very productive day
productive in a sense of like a lot of
creative juices flowing um oh yeah
humbles gone for a week ish eight ish
nine ish days and I - what's going on
you know I think that's pretty much it
he knows anything else except huh that's
right thank you for joining me on my day
hope you had a dope day and my teeth on
bleeding right now should ask good if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
like/subscribe oh my god that was so
stressful basically the water was coming
my wipers are automatically going on
your wipers are just going to car wash
I'm gonna trying to forget how to turn
them off my wiper flies on them it
