we need to power through it
it is 6:30 a.m. I couldn't fall asleep
until like 1:30 so I got my five hours
of sleep which is not horrible but not
great actually when they are on their
way
active a second hairstylist as well the
same lady who did my hair for that
BuzzFeed video hold on one second
sorry about that didn't want someone
texting in New York I'm so tired but I'm
not that hurt but I'm kind of happy but
I'll survive but also I want to sleep
okay - of shooting let's do it let's do
this alyssum oatmeal right now
oatmeal we're having an oatmeal party Oh
No
and since my oatmeal is boiling hot
we're gonna do a photo shoot today
since bob was here yesterday yesterday
it's gonna check out today's card
yesterday was communication and today
let's see what we got doing an alien
alien isn't that pink one pink purple
pink you say pink pink pink pink I
should make a barter says pink so let's
make this one is what abundance
congratulations
it seems you do for a little and then
they cross that out and put an infinity
big piece of abundance pie feel like you
don't deserve it
knock it off it's already plated and
ready to hit your table reluctant to
take it shut your hole abundance why is
big enough to serve anyone
so get your whipped cream ready unless
you're lactose intolerant and enjoy your
well-deserved metaphorical dessert it's
funny because that's a part of the girl
up stuff was about abundance so this is
the key for today we got to eat our
abundance pie I don't completely sure
what that means to be honest with my
even bites my interpretation of this
abundance pie I think you have to go
back to like just like gratitude I think
a little bit knowing you have a lot of
things around you what do you consider
abundance pile with at Stanford for you
that's like especially you know when
people are eating a lot of dessert
sometimes we need like some permission
to it right and I think that's just
giving you permission to Mike really
experience a lot of blessing you know
well sir
mm-hmm abundance pie stop what you're
doing and eat some
all right guys can I just tell you we
showed up a little bit late to that
today um there was just traffic and once
you see Lily's hair I think you'll
understand why it is a masterpiece but
now we're going straight into the first
shot of the day and this is a real doozy
of a shot that was getting that's good
that was good direction taxi on my
insulin bananas source Carnaval is dead
Oh
I told ya
yeah
here
this is bad
it's watch what's going on
barrier go
like a boss
holdin it down
eventually you guys would be able to
know what it's gonna happen instead if
you guys see the footage
and the images and everything is
happening seems super alright let's see
if we can get this I know
all right guys this is turning out to be
a little bit more anticlimactic set
aside all right hurry up let's go Oh
leave it
we'll fix it in post
we got this in post guys where me good
we have an update just turned out
smashing computer wasn't such a good yet
having are all what's a wooden buy booze
metal it would've been different but I
got internal bleeding on my hand because
it went like douchey like vibrated give
my head
guys this is she's going for it
hi alright more than anything my left
ankle is like that's just cuz yet to our
high heel no cocaine I've never cured
and failing my left leg right heel it's
like stuck I would heal on my whole like
I have a medical condition called Gnomeo
syndrome
I'm invite you to make always like goes
politics and speaking of which are you
politicking that's how you politic yeah
yeah it's very good okay
I know I can't tell you about what we're
doing so obviously keep mindlessly
dancing to try to entertain you that's
gonna happen oh you have a good time
I'm not having a good time I'm just
working so we should go to our secret
emails
this emails not about me while you're
writing it
I all love it
we're jacking faux fur and beautiful it
is all no hiring of people huh your
album cover oh my god should we
screenshot that thumbnail that look at
me
he's back I'm back Oh
oh I'm giving the blogging
responsibility to have one for the rest
today because not a good longer than a
daily vlog I don't know I don't think
that would be one of the hyperbola which
is like but the people I believe vlog to
see me
maybe we just caught her about user
camera never home
thus Womble blood
would you get it like tomato you know
like the orange the orange Power Ranger
no I ever don't don't tell me a pop of
orange if you don't know
I'm through
dumb in dumb I'm sorry Oh dumb and
dumber okay let's not cost you
twice all your life twice the
councillors number three
yeah fastly new pedal
the cool bike I know route and what I
wanted it's as a deities to come to calm
our town or something we're done and
they make these don't likes but the one
I want it didn't happens talk
so someone custom-made this built let my
colors I wanted are you taking this home
I got yourself
- always
No
rather working miracles
oh my god I'm tired as f it's like 625
seven ish tomorrow I gotta wake up at
6:45 so in 12 hours
it's video day I gotta make a video I'm
gonna try go to bed at like 10 if I can
I don't know why I'm lying down low
because I should have been doing that
because I just don't have to make a
video but I'm so tired also I burned
myself and I have a blood blister and
burned myself here I have a blood
blister here and I'm falling apart like
you didn't see this coming it's nine
twelve Oh frig Renee also told me to
wash my hair okay look okay okay let's
figure it out um oh all right the time
is 10:28 let's shoot a video I thought
of an idea it's fun it's not too
strenuous extraneous strenuous what's
the word strenuous why did I say
extraneous cause arm stall part
yuh-huhhh I was choking around spit next
to the proud of myself at his 12:12 um
and the videos uploading there's three
minutes left I did it I made the video
every part of me was like f I don't make
the view and more than any other time in
my life so many of you were tweeting me
being like don't make a video and I was
very sweet of you so I wanna say thanks
so much for saying that but I managed to
make one I'm very happy I did uh and now
I have to wash my hair
after that I really sis and then we're
going to bed I'm like all time is 7:30 s
I'd have to leave the house at like
seven ten which means have to get up a
like well shake sure right now honestly
I'll just look like seven and roll out
of bed into my car grab their house the
one I think we just had an earthquake I
think that was my first brother quake
since I moved out either that or I'm a
pansy and know my whole bar was shaking
just now and I went like this oh my god
I think we just had our first is right
earthquake I need to check Twitter
immediately it am I crazy
good hello look it's still moving look
look look I'm telling you which is that
okay I'm reco on Twitter gonna go on
Twitter right now either that or I'm
crazy
oh my god it was an earthquake of course
within like 10 seconds I went on Twitter
was like earthquake oh my god earthquake
andreaschoice eric forgetten jon cozart
julian forgetten Alex just every
everyone just like earthquake earthquake
everyone's Rachel earthquake just every
Timothy DeLaGhetto earth quick free
experience our first there's my god that
humbles I'm here is not Alex's House oh
my god zone in a monumental moment oh my
god hello our first are earthquake this
is my reaction then we redact it for you
right now okay
sitting here eating my oatmeal No
nothing now look over there
and I look at my bar and for my bar at
the top because all the liquid is like
this nose like it lasts pretty long oh
my God look at me I I survived an
earthquake okay hello I'm a Canadian we
don't have these types of things I'm
just like my god poor things are you
okay
Oh everything about our people what was
so scared all so worried for you booze
God are you okay speaking of which we
all know it has happened right now all
right we're gonna take our relationship
to the next level right now team super
we can do something disgusting so if
you're queasy look away look away if
you're queasy I'm tell you right now
don't watch because what's about to
happen is my hand really hurts because
there was a blood blister I know if you
can see a 3d of this three dienes of it
but there's a blood blister I couldn't
wash me out properly that blood needs to
get out of my hand the only way to do
that is to take a needle and poke it and
then put a band-aid over it that's what
I'm going to do that's going to happen
and so we're gonna practice my
self-control and have a no flinches own
situation kay so I have a CH and have a
needle but I had this pin that I've been
soaking in all the hall no flinch zone
no flinch zone they know better
it's not what unclutter a chart there
you go they know better
all right we can do this it's fine since
the vodkas already here let's prep
ourselves mentally as well yeah okay
really don't challenge me right now okay
no good I can't open it be good Oh hold
on I got another model um I just hope
it's not dried and I hope that me poking
a hole in actually fixes it I asked my
mom master the all said yeah poke it it
should be sanitized a pin
that who's got happen because or else is
gonna like I don't what the term trapped
in there
I don't know how would get out so cheers
to get in closer no flinch zone no I
won't do a writing for the camera I'll
do behind this ball just so it's not
totally gross no flinch so I'm doing it
I'm doing it I'm doing it hold on okay
oh it's hard I can't even this is gross
I'm sorry I can't even get it through
killed wait apparently layer one did not
do anything I'm sorry this is girls I
gave you a warning get the needles
currently in my hand right now so there
comes the blood okay we got it
if you don't want to see blood look away
right now but we got it
oh yeah look at that
earthquake in blood it's coming out okay
no flinch zone no flinch zone
self-control here we go that's right
okay my career of possibly doing a hand
model is over okay we got a squeeze it
out now I guess it's getting flatter but
there's still I mean there's still a lot
of blood in there I don't know how to or
maybe that's just scarring I don't know
are you a doctor can a doctor help me I
mean it looks a little bit better it's
not so 3d ish so
oh we don't even have to rush you can
leave your toothbrush at my place and my
place all right I need to go to bed it
is 1:21 and I have to be at the studio
for 7:30 so I gotta wake up I like 650
or some ish thank for joining me on
today a very eventful day tomorrow the
last day of shooting and then in the
evening I'm going to see Duane when I go
see Central Intelligence I'm excited to
see him of course as always always
excited to see if he's wonderful and
that's what's going on so tomorrow's
gonna also be a very super eventful day
i'ma catch some Z's doh I mean I know
you mean if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you want to check
out my video from today the link is in
the description to a main channel if you
like it subscribe okay wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait we're we're
waiting for the magical magical words on
set
um that's around day one okay to
tomorrow go team oh don't even
Wow
