the next three days are gonna require
all my bosses when you wake up so early
that your towel from yesterday's showers
still wet that's what's going on major
key alert right here change the color of
my towel you know I got to inform you
every single time let me know that's
light blue like blue you know what's up
I must leave my house headed to my three
day shoot this is day one and we got a
power to pretty get there right on time
I woke up I couldn't fall asleep until
1:00 a.m. yesterday hopefully tonight
that won't be a problem or policy but
we're heading there and I want to try
show you as much as I can but the ride
begins now got a secret thing we can't
tell you about nor it is maybe it's
maybe I'm getting married maybe this is
my wedding photo shoot let me do an
filing about the question it doesn't
happen maybe maybe maybe maybe I bought
a yacht and now I'm having a party for
the yard and take three days get ready
you'll never know unless it's someone
the background I don't see it but I'll
check in the Edit just wanna see the
glamour
glamour glamour glamour glamour glamour
glamour glamour glamour glamour
Oh
hey guys Oh God look who it is this is a
little BTS of our day on set today
beautiful location we're literally
inside of a hangar right now which feels
very fancy probably too fancy for us and
we are shooting something super secret
and special today
ah and your chiz
so thank you haha let's see Sarah loves
no it's good
wah-wah-wah this is how you guys blog
sake blog so what you do
you know Lily's day is so much more
exciting than mine mine's just sitting
around waiting for Lily so there was a
small mix-up earlier I thought Lily said
don't blog anything now she says blog
everything so we're about three looks
behind but I promise you I will loop you
into every other look of the 53 looks
that we are doing on this shoot so you
guys can see it all first remember when
I said 53 lips earlier it means about
please help me look at about a hundred
to 200 pieces of clothing to make fifty
outfits so here's this
all right this is our next look of the
day very Lily we were you know she
really fought me on some of the street
wear stuff guys I was like let's do
something really nice let me show you
what I tried to pull out for her I was
like hey how about we do something like
this this time right beautiful dress
lots of heels lots of dresses this is
what we ended up with
all right guys ah the woman the men no
legend
Danielle Leavitt our biography she is
handling everything for three days with
three days of shooting he's doing 15
three looks
it's a lot G we hired her because she is
the epitome of a boss
Finch look who else is here
Bay 1 and Bay to the original
hair/makeup Brunei - Lee they are saving
the day as well
Oh
let me
you know what's going on everything's
going great look at his earrings all
that a hula hoop I drop the camera
woohoo mad mad job everything's going
great everyone's working so officially
and so fast but I'm willing to get
another massage chair you booked it
because I'm wearing a lot of heels and
my ankles about to break so painful but
we call it down this one goal to get
down and they let me drive my car into
the place oh all right let's go
did it kill the gate killing the game oh
yeah I am I am just helping the guy on
Hill not on a kilt gamer here let's go
we are wrapping the final shot of the
day I think we all are very ready to be
done I'm gonna give you guys a spoiler
is get the
okay wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait we're waiting for the magical
magical words onset um that's around day
1 k 2 2 mile go team oh wow what a
successful first day holy crap we had so
much to do and we did it and some we
finished one shot for tomorrow as well
so I'm really happy I'm one of the
Daniels assistant it's a birthday
tradition with the birth date working
and doing stuff and I'll sleep so much
good energy so happy now I'm headed back
to my apartment because I have a shoot
with Kyle for some cool girl love stuff
the time is 6:00 and we're feeling good
we and then I think another thing for
when my friends who needs something for
club productive day like animals coming
back every night all the things who the
sun is shining so bright a six degrees
in my place right now homeless I come
back and go woof
bro take some selfies while this light
is out still I'm sure the wonders of a
ring like one shoe today soft we are
doing multiple shoes out here we're
doing some dope stuff for girls are very
excited about I'm not gonna give it
completely away yet we're know it's
gonna be awesome unless I do get a
completely away in the next clip stay
tuned speaking of girl love this holding
human teleprompter right now I haven't
figured that's we're not
Wynn at Lily's house you listen to the
game of Thrones
Orchestra I'm so excited what everything
we're doing the girl of it's making my
heart like I would only do very select
things after a 10-hour shoot so if I'm
doing this right now that means it means
a lot to me
I really passionately care about girl
love and everything we're doing if you
want to follow along and support follow
the girl love handles that spread go
level put the links in the description
as well cuz you are thug we're like
friends and prevent yet support me for
friends like this human spec girl up do
it for the second time today Kyle please
come over here simple magic word sermon
please Kyle were you it's a good time
today tuned with the magic words are do
you know the magic words that sera okay
that's alright
ah I'm so happy and excited about this
it's gonna be so loud how you feelin
feel good I'm feeling amazing that we
feel good come in the wall coming to
light come to the Lord Lord all right
teach yourselves
we're Mara and the hi I'm Naomi from
shine yeah I miss Augusta you may
recognize Miami for my girl on video oh
girl love no judge and you do your thing
whatever is authentic with you oh and
we're working on some really really cool
stuff I can't with you see ya ah sorry
can't wait to tell y'all for Ana's kind
of showed you would never teleprompter
sometime we held it though I kept
messing up over and over and over and I
felt if I have to send her like ten
edible arrangement open I swear to God I
kept messing up thank you so much guys
boom boom boom boom good people good
energies oh my god come close the wall a
little bit I'm gonna plant a chameleon
I'm going it's the end of the day but
it's okay because we still got
affirmations your yesterday's was
forgiveness synced basil's today's is
purple and pink is purple pink yellow
it's vegetable it's questionable ah
communicational this is directed towards
me um wonder how the other person's
feeling ask them I like that so simple
wish they knew how you were feeling tell
them my Chris is going you've just been
drafted into communication army where
there is a strict do ask do Tell policy
speak with kindness and gentleness and
reach an understanding if you don't
assumption all just make swear word of
everyone including the person who came
up with that aphorism is that house it
just tours I can't see in this card this
is a card communication I like the
simplicity of these cards like one what
there's other person's feeling just ask
them which then you know you felt tell
but like so simple simple thinking so
what are you feeling I'm gonna think
about this right now I'm feeling feel
grateful for the time and energy
Gords gola i feel grateful what you want
meeting you I also feel sleepy so you
get out that's our cue
oh man oh this I'm not even addressing
right now uh uh I'm getting another
massage I don't know if I mentioned that
or not yes I got a massage yesterday
basically I remember I bought this on
set I was wearing heels and I already
knew like I'm not good at walking in
heels but today it's it felt like a
medical thing like my ankles are just
not strong they're very very weak and so
I was getting major cramp in my leg it
was super painful probably top ten
painful things of life um and so I
decided get a massage and my feet are
broke up and you I think I've earned it
I think we've earned it today we did a
lot of work today when I was going on my
massage in beer in 15 minutes
when do that and I'm gonna go straight
to sleep to get as much sleep as I
possibly can for my 6:30 a.m. in 6:30
every up before 6:30 because they're
coming at 6:30 and humbles then you get
twelve but I'm gonna go to bed before he
comes and yeah that's what's going on
let's get a massage okay obviously I
love that man um and how do you tell
because my blinds are so hard to pull
back up it hurts so much
well these towels do it I love that man
the massage is amazing it was 90 minutes
long and I fell asleep and I'm pretty
sure he snored like in the middle of it
so it was really relaxing and I feel
awesome uh okay this hurts too much let
me do this first toilet talk with Lily
they do the handshake today I honestly
don't remember I don't remember good
morning what a productive day really
really powered through it very proud of
myself
earned my sleep earn that massage
tomorrow is another 12-hour day and
tomorrow is also videotape which is
ready to come home and also make a video
but that's what's going on I'm gonna
head to bed get some rest
six hours of sleep and then hopefully
this vlog is not two seconds long
because I don't know what I can put in
it where I can cut out and AH
but setting lots of hugs and kisses mmmm
hope you had a great day and tomorrow
the hustle continues if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe go
quick Jess I just finished my audition I
think it went great I have no idea was a
voiceover audition and I'm coming to
them that actually really loved doing
voiceovers maybe even more than acting
I'm not sure but it's always a lot of
fun and like when I walk out of the
audition I'm not stressed because I'm
ago I was just a lot of fun
