I could legit sleep for ten more hours
by the time is 12:30 I am so tired I am
so tired I could sleep with like I said
for ten more hours um but I gotta get up
because I have to have it to a
pre-production meeting also have a
voiceover audition today I have a
screening today and I might have another
part of the fitting today tomorrow the
chaotic secret shoot starts so today is
just power through but I also know that
I'm probably I'm sorry I'm so tired I
can't talk I also know tomorrow I'm
gonna have to wake up a like super early
time so I'm gonna try go to bed today by
like ten eleven like granny style old
person style that's what's up
I might have some breakfast get to work
there's something else I want to tell
you what was going to tell you where I
was just remember everyone tell you oh
yeah oh my god this is not a pleasant
thing start the day with but I think the
really one of the reasons I'm so tired I
didn't get like quality sleep cuz I had
so many nightmares and had a nightmare
one honor my grandpa and like I feel
like every few months I have a dream
like that like ever since he passed away
like three years ago two years ago every
couple months I'll have a really really
bad dream that's except that will not
escape me she's like pardon my life now
but wasn't pleasant summer no stairs
picture and I can hug them and love them
right now but this is going on he's
about to get some work done
make it count is it oh you know what
it's not even sunny today shadow pond a
sweater it's only 81 degrees I'm also
very aware that almost every morning
when I start my blog there's something
on my face either like an eye booger or
like some toothpaste or something but
I'm super aware so just in case you're
thinking I don't know let's see in
today's cars yesterday's was
manifestations I do this yesterday like
I don't even remember now this was
yesterday oh my god alright yes it was
manifestation let's see what today is
today is people its people all right
let's it says this forgiveness it was
gonna be deeper intense I can tell
congratulations I like how they started
on congratulations you know I don't know
what congratulations you were I feel
like every sentence maybe maybe it's the
morning and I'm not a read in the
morning but okay you're being given like
that's weird right
you are being given one of the most
powerful super powers there is
forgiveness imagine that you've been
bitten by a radioactive forgiver the
point is you suddenly have the ability
to forgive people for their flaws their
bad days their unkind moments and their
mistakes and the best thing about
forgiveness is that you can apply it to
yourself to have fun welding your new
power but remember with great
forgiveness comes great inner peace I
like this I mostly like it because it
says you know I like this I'm repeating
myself I can't speak English I like it
because they're not just saying forgive
people because like it's good and it's
nice it's good thing to do it's equating
people's actions to sometimes I'm having
a bad day
you know sometimes them having unkind
moments because they're in a situation
that's why I like it it's like when you
see someone that doesn't let you in on
the road you know you look that person
is such a douchebag and you label of a
neutral but they might be having a bad
day they might have just gotten fired
from the job and the driving home you
know you never know the situation people
are in that's why it's important to
practice forgiveness in certain
situations you know maybe not all
situations but certain situations for
example no one is forgiving King Joffrey
let's just be real all right let's carry
on I have heard to my first meeting
pre-production meeting my screed the
screening electron went down and logs
about canceled so I'm not doing any more
my schedule stays all been like
flip-flopped changing constantly time
just like rolling with the punches
rolling with the punches my donut bag is
there okay good great is the vibes I'm
wearing boss well that extra little bit
of I need a my Power Rangers shirt so
that if anyone else with me of like hi
I'm a boss Power Ranger don't don't f
with the vibes here leg ah I'm being
very clumsy today I'm being very like
messing up my words and doing things
that's how I know I'm a little afraid so
we're taking deep breaths and Bob Marley
and for those you that I like don't vlog
and there's literally so much traffic so
I'm not doing anything well I am I
shouldn't be blowing I'm driving but
there's so much traffic I'm literally
standing still
I just finished the meeting I was super
super long super informative it's
happening this thing is happening this
thing I can tell you what is happening
but now I'm headed to my audition which
is about an hour away and that's what's
gonna happen and then we got to go home
and figure out our life I'm sorry I'm
having already flustered a just warned
us together go go quick jizz I just
finished my audition I think it went
great
I have no idea was a voiceover audition
and I'm coming to them that actually
really loved doing voiceovers maybe even
more than acting I'm not sure but it's
always a lot of fun and like when I walk
out of the audition I'm not stressed
because I'm a girl I was just lot of fun
so now I'm heading back to my house I
have to get my nails done for the shoot
tomorrow and have to do a bunch of other
stuff and I'm thinking about getting a
soothe massage and getting to bed really
early so I can be like on top of my
mother effing game for the next three
days but I'm also very hungry so we
should also eat well that's eat I'll
have to do it Bob you want to eat Bob
that's what I thought no Bob we can't
have a burger all right got home has the
second half the breakfast be right this
morning and now much get my nails done
and the nail artist is waiting for me
outside the time by 7:53 let's do it got
my nails dude does a nude color you know
just so fresh and so clean clean I don't
know this is new I got my nails done I
can't do anything to the next like 10
hours I'm just like I'm like highway to
grandpa's like I'm like okay I'm
massaging 30 minutes I got a bunch of
emails a check I started washing my hair
so 10 p.m. is not happening absolute
latest midnight midnight he's like in my
bed like in my bed but even before in my
bed we're outside my bed no in my bed I
know I know I know I know I know I know
time is 913 p.m. good morning
and I also hasn't forgot to watch
killing with kindness and I'm gonna do
it right now because that 15 minute gap
I'm gonna do right now mentally
preparing standby for reaction in three
two what
most simple paperwork is so simple and
beautiful I love the simplicity of it
because the way she's singing is like so
heartfelt and powerful because it's not
too much going on the videos literally
just her message I love it so much I
love the simplicity of it like I love it
I and that and that hair doe that
Pantene hair doe
congratulations buy dope AF dope AF
alright it is 10:30 hour and a half
until the absolute bedtime we have so I
was good was really Lux and kind of fell
asleep on the table but it was kind of
like some masseuses I feel like it lazy
halfway and so they started like
literally just taking creaming like this
I'm like I could just do myself right
now but it was relaxing it was good I
think it's what I needed because I want
to be aching tomorrow I when we were I
want you know be comfortable tomorrow
and for the next two days so now I'm
gonna go wash my hair then we're going
to do there's something else had to do
what else I was gonna do you know what I
said I was gonna wash my hair oh I
should like double triple check my
eyebrows and upper lip finish right wait
wait wait yo how to be a proactive vows
of a backpack all packed up ready go
water banana cuz you're done no it's
gonna be early and I'm not gonna have
time to breakfast I have a proactive
step here I just put some nuts some
almonds and peanuts in my backpack under
a gorilla bar
Who am I I'm an adult right now I forgot
the peanuts in bananas and everything
over here dammit I was so close I was
gonna put it in the bag I swear damn it
turn chuckle la I dare you to try to
find a mustache sure and I dare you I
dare kit on look too close by Gary okay
back up uh-huh I went to bed at 11:30
I'm ahead of schedule
um I'm just going to quickly check my
emails or part of them and I should be
head on my pillow by like 11:50
hopefully I can fall asleep since is so
irregular of me I mean you'll have some
warm oatmeal mmm that'll help yeah
that's what we'll do warm oatmeal for
everyone mostly mostly just me cuz I'm
the only one here
sorry I'm going to go thank you for
joining me on today tomorrow our week of
chaos officially officially officially
begin two three days and I'm letting you
know in advance that doesn't get a lot I
can't tell you what some of the days are
might not even bought because I'm why
god I can't tell you but I need this
stuff I'll try my best to but I hope you
can be patient and understanding as I'll
be super secretive because I can imagine
how annoying that is for you oh yeah
it's an exciting also he's not hiding it
and all that ear so you can follow along
hope you had a great stupendous day
today tomorrow and make it count yo man
count symbols that make your next 24
hours count life too short cannot do
that yeah I mean if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe this
is about to be madness right now
madness in a good way secret shoot but
all the stuff is for it so like mad
racks of stuff all this is this all for
me all everything here sorry to be quiet
like there's no other clients closing
here oh my god look at okay
