let the week of chaos begin good morning
the time was 11:30 I only step for about
6 hours 6 and 1/2 hours so I know I'm
gonna need a nap in a little bit because
6 hours not enough for me I need like 9
I've already come to terms with that
today is a video day Ali did message
means morning being like yeah I can try
to fix it up but he did say the quality
wasn't the best in terms of recording I
don't know how to use my mic properly
hence why he's humbles but he's out here
but that's Toby's gonna fix it up a
little bit I'm gonna record that is the
roast yourself challenge I hope you like
it I think it's kind of funny I hope you
like it also have a fitting today so the
shoot I have later on this week that's
gonna happen this evening also this is
not a drill this is not a trial Selena
Gomez released a new music video kill em
with kindness haven't watched it yet I'm
gonna watch it tonight I need to mention
we prepare for the whole day because I
love that song my favorite song offer
album so those are the things that are
going on first time I have some oatmeal
with some strawberries with bananas lag
out I'm doing some super important work
right now let me show you this right
here is art you see this a whole bunch
of these things here I got what else we
got here we got some of this he's about
to roast our self died you know what
song so excited section a lot of fun I'm
like there's just so much material I'm
having a lot of fun doing this video
reason being I don't always have time to
do like pre-planning like this the fact
that I made the track yesterday and I
could think about it overnight um it's
just a lot of fun look at this some
roasting myself right so you know got
some roast roast Rose I'm gonna put some
salt and pepper on that yesh let me give
you like it's not a preview because you
would have already heard it I'm not sure
how I want the beginning to it because I
say like maybe if I do the challenge
Ryan will go on a date with me right now
I have it in the music but I'm debating
to like make it a actual acting bit and
then go into song so I'm still trying to
work it out but this is what it sounds
like
I don't know the words yet this happens
into it all morning try to memorize the
words because it's I submitted yesterday
and I printed this out so I can kind of
see what I want to do for the line so
far I'm thinking what if everywhere I'm
going to slide here the cameras in here
what if ever was a girl superwoman in
the kitchen a plate of roasted lilies
when I'm cooking put salt on it get a
close-up shot shot of a salt and i'ma
turn and put it in the oven close the
oven and how music videos always think
about three main scenarios so for first
scenario is going to be oven and then
I'm gonna do the whole track from the
view of inside the oven looking as if
I'm waiting for like the lilies to
finish roasting this second setup is
going to be in my closet where I
recorded it because I think it's kind of
cool it's colorful and I can put my mic
here and I can have this setting and I
can do a jump cuts because it's like a
setting that won't change the vibe
moment change and then the third setting
is gonna be really cool I want to draw a
moustache on my face and feel like loser
here and I created this wall of Lily
hates and got Lily's tux
I smell like poo please notice the flies
in circles crave oh ho I got this I got
this although like this is how I pretty
much normally look anyways uhm silly
Lily I just felt really wrong there I
don't even think anyone knows that
they're actually the diehards would have
I should felt her wrong my bad we got
some of this going on we got stupid all
going on I got you so this is the third
set up I'm gonna do and I just printed
all those did that I'm excited I have
about I have my fitting at six never
leave about five because it's far away
so I have about two hours to record but
if I don't finish on time I can come
back I'm shooting the kitchen first
because this is the only place that
requires an actual light and then the
other two can be manipulated as such
that's what's going down they're excited
about all that kelp alright so I just
finished the oven scene it's hard to
remember the lines I just made it
yesterday
I'm moving to the closet now and then if
I have time Friday I'm gonna do the hate
wall but that requires like some drawing
on my face are you thinking that on me
are you thinking on me or did I just did
or didn't do or did does just go
I don't know shop how hard it was to
figure which with the esko's I don't
even sure it was a right way but now
this I'm funky ish to my hair to pointy
toes to bridge of some weird craft but
keep the wall segment I'm blazing
through this good things are happening
good Tings yo I'll rap six minute early
which means I can make myself a sandwich
probably take this off
although shirts go like this nice
property enough I mean wipe drop I'm
sure it's still discolored a little bit
but who has time to you have a plane
when you can just see right off the
cutting board I have here a vegetarian
bologna vegetarian salami sub in a hot
dog bun really with spinach and
cucumbers and oven baked chips mm-hmm
mmhmm mmhmm mm-hmm
everybody eggs my shoes and Tings
we're headed Izmir really really really
really long fitting so we got a scrap in
let's do it cuz then we have to come
home and edit the F out of that video by
the way we're just gonna take poor offer
this is about to be madness right now
madness in a good way
secret shoot but all the stuff is for it
so like mad racks of stuff all this is
this all for me all everything here to
me to be quiet like there's no other
clients closing here oh my god look at
okay let me just can we just take a
second like okay I died and went to shoe
heaven I'm in shoe heaven you'd also
hide if you're hiding why are you doing
this era hello establish the empty movie
which is very wonderful inches styling
me for the shoot as well and it's gonna
be really long fitting right yeah yeah I
should just brought my sleeping bag
hours hours uh-huh uh-huh all right I
better go put my things up okay we're
ready really by schedule have to go man
my videos too we have 59 mins we have
like a 1000 million outfits to do right
you were saying 1000 million was the
number what did you just say 1000
million a thousand million which you
said right yeah that's an accurate
number that yeah we have so many of us
do I
go ahead my videos ah ah ah I also just
ate food nose really good day to UM
ready or sorry red she's so pretty this
is our hairstyle by the time is 1:30
sorry the time is 12:30 so that means
with six and a half hours I'm fitting
much longer than I expected but so so
necessary I'm not gonna lie towards the
end of it I was having mad anxiety I'm
still have anxiety because my entire
video and it's not an easy video to edit
and I was like damn I was like freaking
out the whole way home I was freaking
out I'm still freaking out because I was
like I really really excited about this
video and I want to do so well on it and
I'm bummed that I'm releasing it kind of
late but then I'm like really released
videos like 4 a.m. all the time like so
I I wanted to like give it a proper
release at the right time and it's still
gonna be great I'm gonna go inside I'm
gonna edited a minute I'm gonna work so
hard on it but I'm a little bit like ha
damn I don't want to rush it I don't
care how late I late I stay up I I want
to edit that video the way I see it in
my brain I don't care if it releases at
8 a.m. it just has to be how I wanted to
be so let's do it
I couldn't use this amuse also I think
so shouldn't come over we have editing
party the time is 12:20 a goal is to be
done editing by 3:20 and upload and
release by 4:00
that's the goal and I'm confident I can
do it which gotta focus and make it
happen
and not me help the light through 22 I
just released my video 40 minutes ahead
of schedule and Yash I'm very excited
about it what the bumbaclot also I went
through all my emails um I also just
like start a lot of them so I could like
come back to my story or to come back to
your store store but I went through my
emails at 25 I did that as well um and
now I'm exhausted I'm going to wash my
face and go to bed so I talked with lily
forgot to say that yesterday um bye yet
today was a very very very productive
day we did a lot of things way too many
things we did but we don't we gotta do I
really like the track I hope you all
liked it as well the link is in the
description for my main channel if you
don't know I make videos every Monday
and Thursday
let's go check it out and hope you all
liked it cuz I put a lot of effort into
it I'm sorry that I uploaded it a bit
late I am I'm gonna go to bed tomorrow
we
tomorrow dough is no less of a challenge
we have a meeting I cancel the thing in
the morning though bless blessed life so
I have to wake up early I can sleep in a
little bit but I have a meeting and then
I have a lecture woman and Dyna girl
screening with Hannah and grace in them
I also have possibly shooting something
with todrick I know there's a lot of
things there's a lot of things that
happen tomorrow I'll ask some altar
rings for some outfits but I'm just
shaking I'm begging melt right now and
go to sleep
thanks for joining me today hope you had
a dope fresh Daniel sell if you like it
subscribe if you liked it subscribe
subscribe
Robert watch Game of Thrones speaking of
which while I was away Game of Thrones
sent me a box of things and yeah that's
open
