vocation canceled everything over it
took work move up corn on the board but
I've no good evening private lives you
I've opened up an already been so
productive already because I'm killing
them what laughing J here's the mission
for today you do it dance thingamabob
with the notion e corner and hold in my
inbox write a script
okay so notes and I just a dancing and
you should know that me dancing next to
a know the pro teaching me on that stage
where is your true friend oh my god on
this one that life is asked what do you
read that I didn't really think that
calm really thing calm yeah no I ly
that's not it I felt my face get on my
house also guess who's back how was your
holiday
yeah it makes me stuff return you guys
talking to give card waiting you white
as hell you miss me I missed you did you
miss this bouquet cancel inbox cleared
give me the point sign the contract give
me the points now we're doing a quick
break somebody will tell you who last
year whoa
so how does new thing where if I play
Monopoly deal with humble we have to
establish how many games we're gonna
play because I'm so competitive that if
I like play two games that lose both
games but not one more I'll play a 100
game tell them up so we always establish
so right now is decided to be the first
game I won no big deal there's one more
two games done I want to I'm gonna go
just update the whiteboard right now bye
I got something exciting in the mail I
was n64 it's arriving in pieces I got
the controllers the consoles coming
tomorrow games why is one more
thing to will pump on the Pocket missile
a legs
spoiler alert to what this bad boy is
gonna be we got a bomb F in leg let me
show you with a camera doh
I was like y'all how can i up the
quality not much trying up the quality
try to change the game trying to improve
my crap because not about views it's
about evolution improving my crap so I'm
gonna learn more about cameras all of it
my new camera
compliments of Canon shut up to you it
isn't c200 is a cinema - camera man
honestly why do they even print these
anymore it was the last time you read
one of these thank you so much we're
also like save a tree yeah the wrist
wrap bigger than my Korean camera this
part till there's so many accessories
this is the actual cameras are you ready
so excited to learn obviously shoots in
4k but it's like high high quality cuz I
asked my team which camera they take my
just the next level I don't want to go
to increment it what's next level Asian
she said this one so I'm hoping 2018
the videos are lit you're gonna count
all your nose hairs with this way
exactly all my high definition and it's
back this setup is back I just finished
recording my rant for my year-end video
dropping today right now and you watch
this on my main channel gonna be so
sentimental always so emotional also I
fell asleep for like a couple
this and I have mascara my so you know
that happens and your eyelashes are just
like what live footage of my eyelashes
right now literal I look my eyelashes
need a cast so no I think I love about
hum wolf you recognize his rules I have
in the house and he sticks to them no
matter what for example I have a banana
holder for the bananas but if there's
one banana left he's still gonna put it
on the holder where I watched a lot of
movies I've seen some like really
important movies like I haven't seen
lion I haven't seen her I haven't seen
get out I know so today I'm watching
ghetto because my friend think he's one
of the best movies ever he has
repeatedly told me or the last two or
three days various season out watch get
out six times you don't understand you
put think just oh you get on suppose
where's hashtag what are you doing I'm
rubbing my tummy why getting ready to
snack on something oh okay all right
it's all nanos last night she's leaving
in the morning by the time you're
watching this will be God
by humbles you give them permission to
use your image for when I beat you in
Mario Kart and deal for this for this
promotion forget out because looks just
like you when I woke you whatever you
have to tell yourself to sleep oh I
don't have to tell myself anything
because really I could just walk over
here then I could just look at that and
look at that and then say bye so
annoying can I show what happens to this
light though this varnish with my rats
right and this life is like effed up let
me show you the launcher at all my foot
cuz it only been down do some shopping I
don't know maybe see what this side
won't light up only that side whoops oh
there's a hat working I'm like why are
you me when I have a drink also moment
of appreciation for my writing room I
really do love it especially these
inspirational words if it would what are
these other letters doing here there see
that's better no no I'm gonna make you
just like be here I know you know that's
the cold so you don't know this about an
ocean I'm sure you know this because
she's done it before in vlogs what am i
know she's main talent oh no she can
make a horrifying like scary movie voice
it's you need to you need to fall unless
you feel like it helps your performance
but super I'm going to miss you but baby
you just calm down it just be in here
okay yeah I get ready teen super I'm
gonna miss you good job mother effing
sleep on me in that room he'll know
where the hell my crossword how the holy
water I need to exercise didn't whatever
indian-themed namaste assalamualaikum so
sorry Allah
whatever what other languages are in a
lot of languages in India towards me
today you're under review drop in stay
tuned my main channel because when I do
super 6 teeth won't talk to you so let
me know the vault Pham st. you until
tomorrow who cook if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
I just realized these people be using
quality Koons name and likeness in this
book actually not that one that one yes
hey Big Daddy if you haven't subscribed
to the vlog fam yet the hell are you
doing click the subscribe button it's
like free usually do free things don't
be ridiculous do it but really does
