what is that smell past couple days has
been the smell in my apartment I don't
know just going crazy I can't figure out
what it is my apartment is so clean and
so I don't know what the s it is and I'm
like is it because they're doing
construction outside and it's tar
am i smelling tar I looked under the
couch looked under the pillow that I'm
like is it the water something wrong
with my plumbing am i drinking pee I
have no idea there's like a very
particular in certain parts of the
apartment like it's today it's right
here by this couch and I searched
everywhere and I just did I'm like is it
Elsa maybe I don't I have no idea I'm
just so confused anyways good morning it
is Sunday I woke up at 11 which is
pretty good because I went about five
I'm really getting better waking up
earlier and taking naps like an hour and
after the day and I'm so happy about it
yesterday was nature let's see what
today is and while I open the new card
also today's game of Thrones day which
I'm very excited and Game of Thrones
sent me some cool stuff cuz they know
I'm a fan we'll go over that and open
that in a second alright so yes it was
nature today is o green manifestation if
you could have been anything you wanted
what would you be let's think about this
for a second for continued reading um I
might want to actually be you but you
know I'm pretty happy being me where I
am
let's get this continue reading okay get
specific and get greedy woo you are
holding a magic wand and you can conjure
up anything could it be that you could
it be that when you declare your wishes
out loud you're actually casting a spell
for your dreams to come true I like what
this is going or is it just that in a
very practical sense the more people you
speak about ah I did this end this is
are written so strangely
the more people you speak with about
your desires the more folks that are who
know what you want and might have the
means to help you make them happen
either way stop waiting and start
manifesting but don't use that word if
you don't want to that's really cool
it's pretty much what I do in terms of
visioning envisioning things you want I
do that a lot in my life I've actually
you know before I ever met doing for the
first time I envisioned it in my brain
so every time before about Selena first
time I envisioned in my brain so many
times before Mike
and you know if you watched HDI movie
you know in the room I'm like alone and
my eyes closed I envision what it was
going to be like to be on stage so I
just a lot of manifestations really
important I'll encourage you if you ever
have a dream or want to be something to
envision yourself doing it oh my god I
need more hands okay manifestations oh I
like that one on the note of Duane I'm
very excited because he invited me to
the premiere of his movie which is
happening on Friday called Central
Intelligence it is so my knee tiny but
October's anymore hands yeah so Central
Intelligence coming all has moved Kevin
Hart he invited me to the premiere on
Friday so I'm so excited to go see the
premiere I'm so happy I didn't mean it
was so much fun because I just love
seeing him in different characters and
playing for roles I just love it so my
favorite thing so that's super dope what
else is going on I have a bunch of self
tapes ooh today yesterday I got a lot of
work done today I'm also gonna get a lot
of work done and that's what going on
that's was palpable what is that
honestly Clifford the Big Red Dog help
me out sniff this out for me bag also
minor thing I feel like every single day
I look at the time when it's one two
three four it happens almost every day
things like something that's in my brain
now it's always notice it interesting
interesting
this made my to do it I'm not going to
show it to you because that's C quits on
it but um every day usually I just I
took my whiteboard and make it to-do
list and that's great because like all
of my life I've been buying whiteboards
but I never actually use them ever it's
as well as things that bind be like oh
no I need this to be productive but I
actually do ready to do this on my
whiteboard every single day similarly to
how I showed you in the how I get work
done video so I have a to-do list I have
a done list and then I have like a
separate list for other stuff yeah I did
everything on my whiteboard and then I
have it there on my desk and then I
tackle ish so let go and tackle some a
football style mm-hmm Gober style
whoops pure sell who uh don't nap I mean
I could not maybe later that's because
I'm so good at it now but we're not
gonna nag because I'm not sleepy yet
first we're gonna do some work I'm gonna
stop talking now that's gonna happen
buddy
yo lacking a little energy here so I'm
gonna head to the gym a little about
cardio Lebel work up then we go back to
work because I want to shower but about
makes more sense take shower after the
gym I'm all sweaty and gross scenting
you know what is that it can't be
anything because it's so randomly in
places like it's just in that gap
there's nothing it has to be something
else I don't
I'm so confused hey someone please
Yussef I playing a prank on me I'm so
confused
Oh Oh my arms are broken so tear his 230
it's got a from the gym now go take a
shower
never go to grocery store real couch
grab some food because uh I don't have
any huh and then we get to work does it
won't happen that's gonna happen yeah
just took a shower and I'm headed to the
grocery store as I said I was going to
do him some asked him if she wants to
come with us
with us me and Jim over here Jim and I
over here at me button with me if she
wants come with me
and that's going on and when my
hands got my shirt off so I feel like
I've been not wearing makeup for the
last few days because I have a really
really big shoot it's after three days
shoot secret project thingy but I don't
want my skin to get I don't want to wear
so much makeup that in some kind like
give my skin a little bit of a breather
and tell those days come that's me on
Wednesday Thursday and Friday so I was
going on let's go to Ralph's buy some
spinach and stuff just a quick clip to
say that I'm happy and you're a lot of
the reason why we never make two trips
no no we just kill herself with one trip
all right that's what's up I should make
something beautiful right now vegan
chicken spinach bell peppers onions and
a hot dog bun with broccoli and
cauliflower on the side dog like a chef
in case someone who buys stuff from the
store that's already precooked and then
combines it Food Network give me my own
show like come on
fine all right this is a test the time
is 524 I'm gonna take a nap wake up at
6:00 if I have nailed down the nap
system at 6:00 I will vlog standby
because I'm getting that midday
sleepiness again because I went to write
a 5 Moke about 11:00 and six hours sleep
is not enough for me so we're gonna see
if Lily has learned fingers crossed that
the next clip is me waking up at 6:00 I
have faith in myself I believe in myself
and I think I can do this let's go 612
612 champion let's go do some work oh I
forgot I forgot I forgot pretend this
morning good morning wait wait oh my god
I having a heat stroke uh
oh stop the pressure whip because I
learned Alex does the other day to
degree I confused too goes hmm
there it is morning to things it's 88
degrees in here I move dead right I
didn't realize I was working upstairs I
didn't realize I turn on the AC because
it's ridiculous I was like you've seen
me let's see me show what you guys did
all that yeah boss for semi robot to
watch Game of Thrones speaking of which
while I was away Game of Thrones sent me
a box of things and yeah that's opening
ok I love it that's dope so when I guess
I think one of the dire wolves I do have
a cookies on my shelves this is one of
them that we add amazing all around boom
cheery is the cheering keychain this is
so cool Jerian keychain and okay what is
what is this woo it's a book that has
like animations of the show that's
really cool sounds like everything about
Game of Thrones I guess oh that's really
cool what's all unfortunate look at it
feel it is so nice and then George arm
Martin oh my god a game of Thrones
coloring book shut up shop I'm so
excited to meet ASIS I can't behind
again this is Owen the story in
colouring a moment I noticed a coloring
a darker on books like really
stress-relieving it's all gonna be doing
this is so cool oh my god can you color
in the line
I mean well we'll see you can see I feel
like you should call outside the lines
what is this Game of Thrones
Construction Set
Iren throne room right now oh I guess
you build a set that's so thank you so
much here's are in the best they look
awesome and love me honestly put this
you're my name boyfriend I wanna thank
you after watch Game of Thrones am it's
so pretty cool alright I've been
avoiding Twitter for the past hour in a
little bit this is what's up you know
what's up you know what's up got some
hummus because apparently I got some
you're addicted to hummus I don't know
like I she had once on my house now she
Thomas everyday but yah watch watch Game
of Thrones don't very excited and then
we both have so much work to do so no
way bad guy
as I act ok I'm not excited for isn't
this like episode 7 already I know
there's only three episodes and laugh
I'm like I don't I waited a whole year
and it's almost done I think I'm gonna
long-distance relationship with Game of
Thrones like I swear to god it's like
it's a problem anyways you're right
you're right you're right yeah you're
right here ya go you right Game of
Thrones why do you torture me so such a
good episode oh my god mad anxiety
attacks if you need me I'll be in the
corner having an anxiety attack this
game of Thrones so effing good I'm
stressed if there's only three episodes
left like I'm heartbroken I can't even
imagine waiting a whole year to watch it
again the time is 8:30 he's about to get
some serious hustling work hustling work
hustling work I sounded so happy after
dumping on you I just wrote a rap song
so quickly because I was on fire my
creative juices are like flowing it took
me like okay not trying this like an
hour maybe which is pretty good and yes
I'll become doing it is for Ryan's
roasts yourself challenge you know if my
boo Ryan tags me to challenge you Norma
do the challenge so I did a diss track
against myself and I'm playing to
release it tomorrow and that's what
poppin I'm gonna go record it which
sucks because humble took his mic I mean
I have my mic but his is slightly better
all right let's let's make it happen how
you that Cheerios granola bananas almond
milk that's what's up
pre rap meal yeah I mean also I don't
have any more clean spoons so I have to
use a serving spoon whatever what if I
was Shrek this would be completely
normal why are you judging me alright so
I finished recording the song and I sent
it to ally but it's pretty late noticed
I don't know if he's gonna be able to
like master it I don't know how to fix
up vocals and make them sound good on a
beat that's why always does it and he
always is so quick but like it's like
the middle of the night there so I don't
know if he's gonna be able to do it I
must figure it out but I said to him I
recorded it now I'm going to do this
self tape that I got to do the time is
1:30 I just memorized these lines and
I'm gonna do this self tape and that's
what's poppin that's what's going in me
out here
what's up worth sound like DeStorm Sam
and I are working upstairs the time is
3:17 Doug the amount of work I got done
right now the whole lot today I was all
aboard the hustle train hole oh I am so
proud of how much stuff we got done
today I sent for creative ideas like for
video ideas that I had to send I did a
self tape and those two different scenes
and I send so many important emails um I
just broke my toenail very severely and
I'm sure it's can start bleeding
momentarily so that happened uh-huh
what else do we do what else did we do
what else did we do what else I'm dead
Ralph's Jim um I'm gonna wash the dishes
right now have some oatmeal as well I
made myself some dopey lunch uh I don't
understand it was a really really really
productive day and you don't have to do
it fix my eyebrows it is rejuvenation
Sunday we shall do that before we sleep
Obama and the lung here because I'm
probably gonna sleep very very soon I
hope you had a great stupendous
productive day and if not the new
tomorrow's Monday you gotta get in your
grind you got to get in a grinder right
your dreams are gonna achieve themself
dog and to get on the grind I you know
what's up get a good night's rest or
maybe it's maybe it's morning were you a
dynasty I'm trying if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
subscribe I'm gonna turn my bed since we
last logged which is all 60 seconds in
60 seconds and nada is now bleeding from
her finger to eating watermelon same
time to do the an unboxing video no
girls if you don't like blood don't
watch
