what's up sick sad literally step
outside are such a beautiful day wearing
no shoes
fun fact I don't like wearing shoes
although I own some my shoes like
sometimes I like just putting my feet on
you know nature you know all the
concrete that is nature or I through the
grass and stuff I just really like that
rock disgusting you didn't watch that
longest a what you doing what are you
doing stop stop what we just stopped
kawashima flog Raptors killed it tied
this series no one thought it was gonna
happen I'm so blessed and honor that I
got to be there
huge shout-outs to Tia and nav again for
doing that that was really really
awesome of them and now there's a game
six guaranteed in Toronto as well I
don't think I have to get to that one so
I'm trying to this what I'm trying to do
tomorrow Selena's concert I'm still
trying to like scramble for tickets for
that and I'm sure I can get them Blake
I'm obviously trying to say like you
know what up to her after the show in it
and trying to make all that itch happen
but I'm scrambling for that and I owe it
all just change my flights stay in
Toronto longer scramble for Game six
tickets I got you know what no I just
you know for no one maybe I just need to
have like a find every month I'm like
this amount of money is going into this
jar for events such as Selena and such
as you know games sakes because
sometimes I'm very fortunate enough to
not have for like buy tickets but I
would like to just like you not have to
go through this process and just be like
yo I'm just gonna buy these tickets but
it's not you know I'm just thinking out
loud it's not only that it's just hard
to get your hands on tickets sometimes
dining but the money but now I'm just
talking about lighting jibber-jabbering
because I'm so excited but tomorrow
Selena Gomez today is a workday I'm
gonna go to the movies with notion ID as
well and I'm excited to show her and I
want to get a lot of work done before
that because admittedly all this Raptor
stuff has kind of put me behind in my
work so that's what's going on and we're
gonna be in Toronto for a little while
longer also my dad
what are you doing watering the flowers
Turner no-beard assumed residence also
I'd like to point out my knee out Pat
you know what forget I even said that
because hopefully I'm wearing these same
pants and then they can do app and
reference so when that happens later on
at the end of log I want you to comment
below being like oh that's the first
time I ever heard that also to explain
my previous little thing on the stairs
about me rambling about tickets I hope I
didn't sound like a brat or anything the
reason for it is like I stress everyone
on my team out so you could swipe will
like vouch this any day like every
second it looks like any updates on the
sleeves tickets any updates on Game six
tickets and your face on these things
cuz I like get stressed and I get
obsessive about things I'm really
passionate about so because I'm
passionate recently you know like a
keeper awesome like I'll think about it
will be on my mind all day
it's like graph tickets yeah it's what's
gonna happen it's a be good it's really
amazing I need to know I you know right
now a very obsessive personality like
that so um that's why I'm and maybe I
should just like think of a way to just
not do that to myself and maybe you know
just spend thousands and thousands of
dollars on game six tickets I mean that
doesn't sound that good either though
well I'm Bob months I might take a
shower at the time is 7:30 I just
finished a dog call haven't gotten that
much work done with some work but not
like not like Bob's level works I'm
gonna take a shower wash my hair and
then get back to work before the movie
dance is going on also had a mango when
it was delicious
what was it was delicious oh so I'm
having a pretty not productive day I
know doing work but not really like the
work I should be doing and getting done
but that's cool I'm gonna relax rebait
yo that's was in the combo what's in the
combo what a teacher reference one of
you lovelies give this to me so I was
the parent chill out for the movies I've
been sleeping so late every night
anyways I'm gonna come back home and try
to do some work I have to do some work
for sleep I'm having kind of a lounging
day maybe that's because I don't really
have much of a juvenescence Sunday I'm I
didn't sleep all the way over I also
traveled all the emphases me trying to
make myself feel better but um I'm
telling you in Toronto it's hard to do
work because I don't have that structure
and like in all the way it's a god damn
I have so many things to do a guy do
this guy do this Toronto I don't feel
the same pressure so like that's why I
moved much y'all for a bit I'm wearing
some Shay Mitchell pants
to wander nish says something somewhere
yet yeah yeah nope I'm literally going
to the movies I didn't know makeup I
just like filtered my eyebrows a little
bit I'm wearing track bands and this is
I'm just no F's given no F's given head
to the movies were watching neighbors
too you know my basically and I have
small little cameo in that movie and I
loved the first one it was so so good
that's what we're gonna see with net leg
oh wow how am i late how am i late
everybody had one job to it one job go
to the movies and I'm late and you know
I hate missing the beginning of movies
sounds like okona girls have a wedgie
not having to pick it okay that movie
was so funny it was so good their
chemistry together is so good it's like
so good was so funny I highly recommend
everyone go check it out
obviously basically lean that was then I
should just another short cameo but it
was so good so we just got kicked out of
theater and we usually stay and like
talk there for two hours and we've only
been in there for like 10 min I know
noise like lovelies out if there's a
mess hey hey sat in the theater for like
two hours and like yeah everything I
smell like ten minutes
that's only Bodwell I think yeah I know
if you like cinnabar oh my god I was
probably the second now
oh my god the worst okay let's figure
out how to make this a workable area
come on Lilly you've done this before
let's clear some that off and get to
work okay great
I just moved everything on my bed magic
you you what's going on I'm here still
wet I wash it like ten hours ago but
that's just ten hours ago um I want to
say guys are both looking that's on my
mind like from time to time and I think
a lot of people would never assume it
ever goes on in my mind and that's why I
want to bring it up because like you
know I like share things with you all so
I think a lot of times when we talk
about this things like a deep brand for
a second but I think a lot of times when
we like I try my best to not get jealous
of people are not comparing myself to
people because I get like a certain
amount of competition I do believe is
good like I believe it's good to be
around competition so you know you know
how hard you should be working but I
don't ever compete with people I don't
try to compete with people where I'm
like oh I wish bad for you and good for
me no like I do wish good for everyone
but like you know sometimes when you see
someone else or if for example if you
see no if it's hard for you to achieve
something or someone else has something
really cool going on sometimes feel
crappy with yourself you're like oh frag
like why aren't I in that situation or
whatever and so I think people just
assume that I might never feel that way
and and I don't want this to sound cocky
at all I mean that's the most humble way
possible like a lot of my youtuber
friends you know creators they come up
to me in the Lego Congrats on the
billboards grats all that stuff and like
in a lot of people's brains they might
think like yo oh damn like she's got it
going on and I am super blessed and
grateful for everything I have but I
still have those moments where I'm like
I'm not where I want to be and like I
beat myself up I honestly beat myself up
over it all the time like if I see a
situation and I'm like oh I damned I
wasn't that mean I never blame her the
other person I'm also blaming on myself
I'm like ol because you're not working
hard enough because you're not doing
this it and so I think it's like really
important to recognize that we all feel
that way sometimes even me no matter how
successful someone might be and I'm not
referring to myself when I say that like
anyone else like I'm sure there's times
where Beyonce might have felt that way I
mean Beyonce might be an exception she's
kind of like not human more of like a a
godly sad creature but I mean like I'm
sure those lost people who like feel
that way at certain times and it's
important to recognize that we all feel
that way and that's important to
recognize how to get out of it so one of
the conversations I have with myself the
most probably out of every other
conversation is really don't get bitter
get better it's if you're not where you
want to be or you think you can be
somewhere further feeling sad about it
for today is not gonna be a step to get
you to where you want to be that's gonna
take you a step back stop sulking and
work hard and understand that it's gonna
be a process to get where you want again
it's not gonna happen overnight and so
that's I brought that up today basically
because I'm just thinking about how it's
been such a struggle to get tickets just
how can I was like oh man like I'm sure
it's not a problem for other people I
love these tickets and how can I do
and like it's such a silly thing I know
it's such a silly thing to be stressing
over but like sometimes I get like that
like if I see other people in like
movies or things like Frank why aren't I
getting this and beat myself up but then
like I think that's what motivates me to
work really hard it's not to get what
other people have gotten it's that it's
to make sure I don't live with our
grabnor
really hard and stuff and I'm just
rambling on it's been three minutes and
I might make any sense but the point I'd
make is it's okay if you feel that way
everyone feels that way it's important
to think what are you gonna do with that
emotion you can either take that emotion
and be sad about it you can take that
emotion and then just work really really
hard to get what you want to achieve and
so now I'm gonna shut up and work really
really really hard to get what I wanted
like I go wah wah my mom's bought gas
it's about 3:30 a.m. I got a lot of work
done just now which I'm very happy about
and I'm gonna head to bed now and by
that I mean I'm gonna scroll through
Instagram for two hours um what I do so
why did I forget everything I did where
did I go movies right great work got a
lazy day noted getting my days all mixed
up I'm like you lose the game today
tomorrow but technically today is Selena
Gomez concert which I'm very excited
about I'm not gonna get into it now
because I'll talk about it tomorrow and
tomorrow's vlog but I'm very excited
about all I learned a lot of actually
live a lot of lessons today kind of
based on the Randolph's I was
communicating to you earlier but she's
also like based off that rant I kinda
had a conversation with humble cuz I was
like oh I need friend shipping right now
um I've noticed I've attended z2 over
think about things that I want to work
on that I want to work on enjoying the
moment more be you know I it's something
I kind of struggle with I always try to
I turn everything into work basically
you know even earlier when I was like oh
like couldn't starting to get tickets
out of like dudes like just chill out
you got to get your go and have a good
time stop stop overthinking so I'm
putting so much pressure I don't think
there's anyone on this planet that puts
as much pressure on myself than I do and
some pressure is good but I put pressure
on myself all the time for everything
and I recognize that's a problem and I'm
trying to work on it so recognizing just
half the battle hopefully I'm gonna try
my best to just go or have a really good
time tomorrow and for all future things
just kind of like it's yeah things are
working yeah you want to get places like
just freaking enjoy them too you know
just just I'm gonna sit back right now
I'm aligned right here on Keim's and
I'ma just look at my vision board and
just be like yo let's reminisce and all
the amazing things we've done and you
know that's my vibes I'm gonna shut up
now incredible thank you for joining me
on another day I hope you had a dope day
tomorrow's gonna be exciting and I can't
wait for you to come along if you like
it's
if you liked it subscribe subscribe
