good morning Tehran Oh what's going on
it's actually good afternoon I slept in
again trying to catch up on that sleep
actually watching ASAP science video
about this well actually so I sent it to
me because she's concerned that I don't
sleep but things that you might be
unaware when it comes to like not
getting enough sleep as you don't get
enough sleep like a week and then you
sleep in one night like one morning you
think okay I caught up it doesn't work
like that you actually have to catch up
over the next few days so I've taken
that into account I'm making that into
my schedule and I slept in yesterday and
I slept in today to try to catch up and
now I'm feeling rejuvenated and feeling
better today it's game for rappers
versus Cleveland I'm going to the game
I'm very excited I'm sitting side nav
superfan Bhatia ekts dad
so the courtside it's gonna be dope I
already told myself like your vlog a bit
but don't blog too much to enjoy the
enjoy the experience I'm very excited
about it all your whatsapp dad trap me
my bloody track trying to trap me my
lunch on me man so that's what's going
on also it is very sunny outside it's a
beautiful day but I realized when you
don't have those windows that are like
seelye windows like my LA apartment I
never seemed sighting but uh it's a
beautiful day I'm excited I'm posting my
blog from yesterday right now and every
side I'm gonna do a whole bunch of work
before the game because it is Monday
when our on vacation it is not for
Juvonen Sunday we got to work and earn
the game like ah yes sir you summon your
card now this is my new room right here
hey you hitting my knee what does my
hair doing Raina
you worked out yeah you did
here's this here try to say don't blog
you know don't work where you trying to
go blog and don't lock me what what was
that don't love you
oh don't love you up oh don't love you
sister done work guy looking outfit in
stuff all right I see you my four-minute
work I've done I see I see you girl I
see dope I'm uploading today's video
it's something super cool I can finally
tell you about the dope partnership with
Coca members working on that video so
super super cool let me actually show
you from my suitcase so cold cases dope
campaigns just in Canada where they have
different situations and sayings on
different bottles so they have like a
boss they have girls night out
they have date night they have all these
things okay I'm really friggin excited
about this is super cool one of the
bottles okay looks like this feeling
super that's right you see so place I
record you download the app you can scan
this bottle and listen to a playlist
that I designed the first song is that
isn't dougie how long so dope I
challenge you all in Canada go find the
feeling super cold bottle I'm so excited
about I talk about in my new video that
I'm putting right now I'm Brigadier hmm
I'm feeling well cool I'm feeling
they're cold I'm feeling we're cool I
just did a bunch of work I want to go
take a shower
I'm trying to do my hair like a little
bit nice you know trying to look a
little bit on fleek you know I'm saying
and catch me some TV time maybe suicide
souffle no no Drizzy Drake is gonna be
the Ricky with my look I'm not she gonna
curl my hair a little bit cuz little bit
frizzy put in some effort you know
nothing
process.i with so I invented my bun into
braids hairstyle comb my hair when a
doesn't know much breast workout
and a half No Oh ripping that Baus and I
ain't gonna take it with me you know why
cuz I ain't got touch this issue up
that's what's up
I'm take some damn selfies right now
doing my hair do my lips mmm sounds it
let's do it for Game four it's easier
Conference Finals tailgate party and
guess who called me I'm gonna call you
the queen of Toronto because I mean you
know one big at the queen of the six I
got super woman aka Lily sitting on the
phone with me right now you're going to
the game right I'm going I flew in just
for the game that's crazy that's a real
fan right there that's why I called you
the queen of the six I appreciate that
I always appreciate that you got it
thanks so much left hi you the queen of
Toronto because I mean you know what
making the queen of the six I got super
woman aka Lilly Singh on the phone with
me right now you're going to the game
right I'm going I slewing that's why the
game that's crazy that's a real fan
right there that's why I called you the
queen of the six hey to shadow so Tia
making this happen with mad yellow
reluctance
why do masking better love you
do you hook the girl up right now always
holding down since day one we recognize
her from my math you've arrived queen of
Toronto baby so sweet we all here this
is where right here with the wraps are
going to destroy Cathay one thing I'd
add forgot that I need water
I'm really sorry I'm really sorry
so if you don't know if you're not from
Toronto City she has dad NAB superfan
bar typical superfan of the Raptors
internationally known as a super fan
your sincere you'll recognize him
any game I'm standing right over there
who decided when you like turns off
select to be a good game I mean grooving
yeah she told me to wear shoulder pads
me dope
all right I change into something more
comfortable like I've turned out
properly not be restrict in my turn up
there is 15 minutes left or game time
so Tamar's life right there she's
amazing to sit beside so entertaining
and a for throughout my three killing
the game
7:41 Raptor that's what's up the game
right now
I know kill the game
feels like all over this guy the boys
are practicing let me show you
the 640 left game only up by one it's so
close its Fred I'm stressed I'm dressed
progress
by for 42 seconds left
ah
we spontaneously decided to party
because the city was turning up so hard
like yo if I was in LA or not we wanted
to party so I'm not gonna do to myself
so we're turning up right now
no party and coincidentally the same
club or about to go into myself some
Rockets
Oh
totally talk with Lily okay just like
5:00 a.m. I'm so tired
I turned up so hard the Raptors killing
the game I have to change my flight once
again because my makeups all smudged how
how did this happen but I have to change
my flight once again because we're
making it to game six now I don't give
an F I must stay in Toronto as long as I
possibly have to because the Raptors are
killing it amazing night I'm so glad you
got to join me i'ma try my best
also go to Game six and see what happens
and that's what's up I'm water bad I'm
so damn tired I can't talk so I got into
my uber and the uber driver is like I'm
just super and I'm like yeah he's like
you you made a whole video about us and
I'm like oh he's like please don't make
fun of me if I got not gonna make fun of
you because what types of group drivers
video City showed me mad love we'll talk
more about it tomorrow but like City
showed me mad love at the game at the
club every were just feels good to be
home and I'm so glad you got to join me
tomorrow we work if you like it
subscribe yeah play basketball he was
devastated cuz the ball hit the pledge a
new blood yes
she's like oh they have life too
okay oh it's good yeah that's good this
is for for being a vegetarian you
killing a flower I don't kill you do the
bottom you are you
