I just woke up in at 6 p.m. so I took a
nap when I got home cuz I was up all
night cuz of traveling and now at 6 p.m.
so I was like Emma and I clearly wash my
face with this makeup and boogers I'm
disoriented it's ok because we're
friends and I don't need to impress you
because you love me for way I'm
hopefully because this is why I'm but I
was like chill even vlog today at 6 p.m.
the day's pretty much over then like nah
man just freaking vlog it's cool you're
home don't miss another day of vlogging
so I stopped to edit yesterday's vlog
but I can see that my nephews are here
at the playing outside I guess to
playing outside because then you like
Lily sleeping let's not try to wake her
up so I want to quickly wash my face and
brush and which shows my fans just might
be short blog and I probably but I still
want to vlog even though I just woke up
and I sound like a man and I'm not the
mother of dragons
I am the Dragons right now okay alright
brush my teeth wash your face let's go
into I'm sure it's quiet here I'm sure
sure Susan the garage don't be screaming
children no not that bad not that bad so
okay it's okay
Oh twice the place that my car used to
be used to come home like 7:30 8:00 it's
okay I found a new car and don't worry
this is the work so what time tomorrow
it does hurt it yeah we rush to five how
do I owe two numbers okay okay the other
one say it's not for adults
oh there's that one too and Alan bigger
now that one I think will take but you
might be able to get into that one
why would I say no I can get it fine
careful boy what's up we all what's up
I'm coming for you
what up
what do you mean
you're passing me do you want so much
moving so slow come on yeah I getting
lapped I'm playing like humble in Mario
Kart I'm legit humble in Mario Kart
right now my Tesla would never do this
what do you mean hide your are you doing
that high on out--all go oh yeah okay
true that's what's wrong you see it was
it into this I'm medium experiencing
right now mom you know how to ride a
bike
I'm shocked that I am shocked and II do
make me vegetarian chicken curry I'm
gonna get into you this morning I was
making it we're here to say yes you see
I was making this morning mega Terry
chicken Trebek said Jays also Game of
Thrones which I don't know I'm gonna
watch because the whole HBO Canada
situation but I didn't watch it after
somehow online somehow I don't know I
knew I liked to support but I don't know
what to do because they don't have HBO
go here so yeah but this is going on and
I'm more excited about it all the time
is 6:28 p.m. doesn't breakfast no I
opened the freezer and what do I see
right now
lolli lolli is in the freezer
oh my god love it I we bout to shoot
some hoops right here the net so low
because the kids so I can be Bismack on
this ish and don't get useless boo-boos
MUC that really hurt okay I'm all
roughly basketball she was devastated
because the ball hit the pledge a new
blood yes
she's like oh they have life - okay oh
good yeah that's good
this is both for being a vegetarian just
killing a flower I don't kill you do the
bottom you are you alright mom sweetie
with the point that moment you realize
you're getting all days was so good at
basketball these shots my shots to be on
point now you barely make it half of the
man God a his struggle the struggle is
real right now
struggles real okay that one winner him
does not a good example because like the
recent recent ones have been struggle
and I'm not huffing and puffing damn I
wish I was a huge again that's a nice
little workout Charles hot right now I
might even be just as hot or even harder
that I okay right now I'm gonna go edit
my vlog now in dengue electrons I think
I caught in my sister my brother-in-law
to stay for Game of Thrones
hey okay so I had no idea a bad friend
alert Lindsey is before him with Celine
Dion hello Lily option ball ready
perform at the Billboard Music Awards
don't dog we're now watching it hope she
already for perform
Lindsay Lindy's kind of a warm Lindsey :
I can't see her yet this to me light
she's you there except for my laptop Shh
I'm it sooner yet weren't who you will
know Oh Colin's Inca that's my girl
this is not good my girly girl team
internet killing four days Troye Sivan
sterling Billboard Music Awards killing
it for days we bought to watch Game of
Thrones now that's what's up and it is
confirmed that tomorrow Game four I'm
and we sitting courtside now bhatia we
gonna turn the FM be rowdy mushy watch
game for Kazami rowdy AF tomorrow doubt
totally talk with Lily okay the weirdest
thing happened I just want to take it on
my dressing table and it is from 2013
the first time I ever sat courtside
because someone took me before I feed
you to my first movie dr. cabbie they
took me here and I thought about my
dress table and tomorrow I'm sitting
courtside for the second time in my life
is that strange
three years later quartet on my own well
my own Tia never looking it up but still
I thought weird I just thought um this
was Raptors worst Lakers in tomorrow's
as good tomorrow is gonna be against
Cleveland but I had such a good time
spending time my family tomorrow's video
day I have my video done however you're
done I'm gonna post my blog in the
morning and I'm gonna head downtown to
go watch in Game four of the Raptors and
be very exciting and I'm super stoked
about it all I mean I'm so glad you to
come along with me thanks for joining me
on this day I hope this vlog I know if
it was short or long whatever I'm not
really sure but me me me what am i doing
don't even know if you like it that's
good if you like it subscribe bye
eight seven first team to beat Cleveland
in the playoffs in two seconds in one
second in zero seconds we did Toronto
yeah
