my body's not ready good morning all the
way from Salt Lake City up in Utah we
are heading to the chute I am of course
running a little bit late I had to do my
makeup and hair this morning on my hair
so much more so my makeup and makeup in
the morning when you're tired literally
was invented by the devil the devil go
ahead into the shoot I want to be as
cooperative and helpful to Jarek as
possible because I know he's taking on a
lot so this is going on ready to kill it
have a productive day is also video day
is also Raptors game to which inevitably
I will miss because I'm at the shoot but
I'm gonna be online checking the score
all that stuff this is a vibes
let's make us an awesome day it's in her
control let's do it
so shooting I cannot get over how
awesome all these letters are this
letter come on come on come on come on
one I want so many of them check out
this thing - it's so cool alright I
wanna put your shirt back on so for a
while Derek was directing and shooting
shirtless with the thing on for the
camera cuz he was hot sweaty that is hot
outside
I'm not joking was yeah I was just
trying to show off how the gun it's
going good you know we got a first shot
Lilly nailed it she's a total pro it's
really nothing to do with me she has
everything to do it not at all Dex
really get you cares to see mostly just
eating all the snacks right now because
all the shirts have like food on them
this is a Cinnabon shirt so
that's that's where about right now
that's right man these are the goons
they're trying to get what all this
right here she's gonna rock up by this
one this is Jade dollars don't beat this
JJ's but but what people right now you
about two people right now um
that's what why none you can forget
Brock my hurt and how many elder
Brussels what's going on
sound good it's not him but it looks
like him kind of started maybe I won't
tell him shut up all right so we're
still shooting his fat p.m. I'm actually
gonna get home in time to watch the game
so that's exciting something so funny
happens I've traveled all around the
world with my phone so like I travel to
India Singapore Dubai today I'm sitting
the Sun in Salt Lake City and my iPhone
let me read you what my iPhone said okay
I took a picture of it because I've
never seen this before I was sitting in
the shade but my phone was slightly in
the Sun and it said this it says
temperature iPhone needs to cool down
before you can use it Salt Lake City was
so hot that my phone stopped working
have you ever seen that before oh my
bought that app I love it so hot I'm
doing really good job today of every
time I'm not doing something getting
work done like I'm getting all my nails
done I'm just right editing the vlog now
because they're practicing something so
I'm doing a really good job at doing
that and that's good but my balm is done
here like home watch game and let's be a
day assholes crack-a-lackin' be a wrap
for the day pueblo did so good oh you
did no how would it's so good
usually pueblos delivering that service
like damn true uh and now we're gonna
rush home because the rapper's need to
win this game
oh you have a game yes I don't know
that's okay I didn't tell you get then
died I need you brush things right now
it started a couple minutes ago but um
we're gonna go and we're gonna hope the
hope and pray hope and pray that's
perhaps Wayne as we're gonna do let go I
was up to pee and I've been holding in
my pee for like three hours
let's go do that - all right there's two
minutes left in the first and is 25.4
raptors it's close the close game as of
right now as a
as of this current moment right now
stand by we're doing it Toronto our team
you said Toronto correctly by the way he
didn't say Toronto is the Toronto area
that is I'm from I'm from Toronto that's
right one I'm so damn tired I don't know
how the hell making a video jams so
tired
Pablo is also very tired both just like
to representing so good first quarter
and now again we're getting worked by
like 70 points
goddamnit I don't like it when the
Raptors are losing you don't like it I
don't like it Wow alright so we fell
asleep on the couch but also the powers
been out for like the last hour there's
no power I don't know what's happening
I'm so disoriented right now it's no
power never I love my charge my laptop
and my camera bag and all the other
things I need I was back I'm sorry in a
bad person again I'm so tired I went I
lay in bed I'm in bed I can't learn bed
we will make a video tomorrow a movie
after I can't do it he'll make videos
retire I'm gonna die
it was out of your control the power
went off my fuzz the fibular and the
power was off so that was that was a big
component you totally would have done it
I just need stable and I have way to
begin tomorrow 45 a time and I and I
apologize tomorrow properly when I'm
awake I love you if you liked it
subscribe oh I'm a bad person and you
should if you like it subscribe
like it's a vegan sandwich place I got a
buffalo like a soy buffalo chicken vegan
sandwich and just so freakin good
oh my god it's so good
salt lake city and also you're kind of
beautiful I'm kind of in love I
