we back in the crib son and daughters
because equality uh alright so today is
rejuvenation Sunday my body hurts so
much but I did get a lot of sleep that's
probably why I got so much sleep no naps
will happen today it'll be a hostile day
and rejuvenation day here's my game plan
I'm gonna do a whole bunch of tasks
today that will set me up for the rest
of the week aka rejuvenation Sunday
right now I'm updating my Mac who the
hell ever updates a computer no I click
ignore all day every day every single
moment of my entire life
Miami tomorrow tomorrow comes when
tomorrow welcomes Miami tomorrow
tomorrow comes I took my computer out
the window I'm updating it though that's
what's happening I went doing my laundry
I'm gonna fix up with fierce little bit
of poking in Little Kingdom
I said breakfast much I also go to the
gym today I have one major project to
finish today and I'm gonna finish it
before I watch Game of Thrones Ross I'm
not allowed to watch Game of Thrones but
it's gonna be a hustle work rejuvenation
day I'm excited have a busy week ahead I
hope you're excited because you're gonna
be with me and I'm excited because like
you we're kind of like intertwined in
life in some way might not know you
personally might not know your name but
like you kind of let me into your day
and so like feel like we're kind of
connected and not in always but in some
ways I feel like you know you know like
some be bitch I'm like weird day weird
today I'm weird today I'm excited it's
gonna be a good day and it's in our
control and your day is in your control
so I'll control my day
you control your day we're in this
together let's do it okay I came up with
this new handshake grip and Nichelle's
gonna do a humble my feelers do with you
guys
I'm ended with humble and you guys maybe
be a good team super handshake you ready
this what it goes so say this is someone
else's handwriting you go oh it's a work
in progress it's a work in progress
I just kind of modified it for you for
humble I didn't have the super sign like
we that'd be dope oh my god I'm gonna
come for the handshake we can do awesome
it's definitely Memorial Day weekend
because my neighbor or rowdy is F right
now earlier this morning
one of my neighbors like rang my
doorbell he was topless I was like half
asleep not an answer but then not I'm
thinking buddy he was topless and I
probably should have huh anyways
yesterday I mentioned in my vlog that I
couldn't find my Nintendo I actually did
find it last night before I was leaving
I was under a pile of
my room Oh what I'm which is like
horrible news for humble because we
already know I'm recommend a plea deal
and if we start playing Mario Kart like
she has no chance you know it means name
is Suzie who has Suzie know in my
version of Mario Kart ain't no one gonna
beat me I promise I'm a really humble
person oh I'm so proud of humble keeping
the apartment so clean like I thought
for sure I'd come back and I was beat
gonna be on fire but like the apartment
was not on fire what up daddy until
repperton stop I'm gonna be a good girl
go to Jimmy's humble that's not why I'm
vlogging I'm vlogging because I'm
finally wearing Cassie's pants pop
laquet pop flex pants they're like super
rainbow and like super awesome can you
see the rainbow news
maybe you can't because it's overexposed
but I swear I'll call home both scoff
alright yeah they're dope so I can
finally like wear them and they're
really comfortable I really like them
sometimes I feel like they're like oddly
shaped and they're super type of these
was a really super comfortable and I
wearing shame it shows fit to wander
rockin all my girls girl loved Oleg oh
my mwah fell off I'm gonna take a shower
worked up a sweat make a shower and then
with my laundry and I'm going to
continue with our day of hustling what's
poppin uh humbles gone bike riding with
you seven oh man I wish it could have
gone but I got a whole bunch of stuff
and my legs kind of really hurt him from
working out when I go to Ikea an action
by another desk
I'm explained I'm going to a small desk
right here just to make this more of a
work environment for multiple people I'm
gonna make up a second small desk there
may be humble can work there as well but
I just want to turn this whole thing
into a work type area also I want to
turn this we got these pillows into like
a lounging area and I want to start that
posted thing for my room I talked about
again so I'm gonna do that as well
dumpsters I got a lot of work done just
now and I'm gonna make a quick IKEA trip
and after happening I should probably
put a bra on let's do it once I'm
actually allowed to be in the color
section because that's what I came for
panda panda Panda
it's my car so much I need to wash it
also though the struggle is real right
now is so quick and efficient and I
can't picked out everything that I think
I need to get but there's like a pickup
area we had to bring your car around and
align them to get in that pickup areas
like around the building so zoo and I
carry no Bumba clot zoo
I am so directionally challenged I can't
even follow GPS when GPS let's turn left
and 20 meters I'm good now huh the worst
look look at only adult thing happening
here this summe there a towel film the
game humbles up in here fixing the
ketchup operating on ketchup did your
bidding this mat adulting if you're
calling i first moved in here i stumbled
everything with myself is so nice to
have friends it's not going things a
three peer person three person three
people versus one IKEA desk we could do
it maybe it's questionable okay thank
you oh my god so much adult thing are
you ready for this biome how can first
of all how perfectly does it fit in this
little section right here that's my fine
measuring skills st. basically is my
desk replicated over here I got same
lamp got all the colorful staff and the
stuff and the magic board and everything
high five high five yay oh wait wait so
moving on slow down will do it and if
it's trying to do this
what's the science is the weight of me
before I'm the shape of the box of Lucas
so you don't feel like you're gonna fly
I was already got a boss quit oh the
what a boss cut to the buck
it's like a paper couple with a buzz I'm
bleeding I'm already beating on you go
down see me sit away from her here at
the ways are you doing this
should I kiss you from the top or the
bottom why are you not Canada bleeding
where are your Whizzer blood that kind
of smaller than the violin I'm gonna
play for the cut there's a violin I'm
gonna hold it why first the one if I
just go down right no hole you think
what's gonna happen is the friction of
this block aside I'll tumble out of it
tumble on service that's not happen
might have a Menard
I haven't I haven't seen this before oh
yeah he's I have a professional box
matter you know what you might go viral
on so um this might be might be here
first viral video on YouTube cuz I don't
think scientifically it's gonna work see
she was named because of my weight on
the bosses bend it like the Jamaican
bobsled team
what you know why is really got one ride
only thing you miss your boss so does it
no idea
I told I've got a fully work yeah oh
yeah next year this is my way I was
feeling talking with you same thing
happened because it's a valuable thing
how would if you go on and flat on your
bed what if you go on your belly like
guys like a belly for the boss so what
have you lie down
there's more distributed I'll comment
below if you know what this means
you know I know some man you know I'm
very blessed Sunday that's life get down
so every time I'm working with those you
watch a bit later than like when it airs
so we can't go on social media because
last episode like I went through Twitter
and I saw what's gonna happen so for
about to watch is just exciting okay so
as I mentioned about the high and shake
humble and I just went to have 15
minutes figuring it out humble Echota
let's go go crack under pressure
ready ready here it is whoa thought
that's what's up this is what we're like
the coolest people ever to talk with
Lilly
you fix some are a little bit below
border turn or meander old thing
it is like 5:00 a.m. I have to get a
pellet 10-ish so I'm gonna head to bed
thank you so much for join me another
eventful crazy weird random day and I
hope you had a wonderful stupendous day
tomorrow is Monday technically it is a
holiday here in America but it's not a
holiday for us because the hustle
continues and I can't wait to flex all
over Monday if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe subscribe get a
really dope week Raptors game Selena
Gomez concert show with Joe Jonas met
with Cena Gomez another Raptors game
like I just want to take a moment say I
am NOT even for a second taking any of
this for granted I recognize how amazing
that sounds and how amazing that is and
I feel so grateful and blessed
