today's Raptors Game six just going
through my comments or messages long
there's one comment those like you'll
stop with this Raptors and I wash my
face by the way I stopped with my makeup
my bad just don't judge me because
you've seen worse than this don't look
at my face listen to my words I read a
comment being like oh shut the F up with
this Raptor stuff it's getting so
annoying and to you my friend I must say
welcome to my vlogs I talk about my ish
in my city and I'm excited but my
Raptors you don't like the rappers you
let my blogs there's no X in the corner
of your screen just like your last
girlfriend want to go crawling back
there and click that it jumps
I'm kidding that was so mean and sassy
honestly recently I've been getting a
lot of annoying comments on my stuff and
like come on I've been doing this for
six years I'm so used to it but you know
what the thing is like I don't get like
my feelings don't get hurt that often
like maybe occasionally I do what is
that even that what annoys me most about
comments is that I as you might have
learned from my Twitter fights fights
with like Yousaf or like humble I'm
really good at comebacks I would like to
say in the most humble way I'm very good
at comebacks and being sassy and
sometimes they hate comments I have the
best funniest responses that I just
think are hilarious but I never make
them cuz I'm like focus on what deserves
your attention it's not fair for you to
respond but hey comments if you're not
gonna respond to everyone who writes
positive comments like positive comments
take priority over these people who do
you want to waste your time but
sometimes I just have such good replies
oh you know I feel like my creativity is
going to waste sometimes honestly good
morning I will go fight a few hours ago
I had a call I went through all my
emails and I eat anything yet so I'm
gonna do that tastes rappers game six I
am going and I'm actually going because
a dope company named cc2 geek provided
me with tickets I'm gonna show you see
geek and how it works as a super super
dope and they help me out so I'm gonna
help them up I'll do that in a little
bit I've taken cam with me from we did
the guy that would took me and helped me
David II camera dope I love them
unfortunately only had two tickets one
for myself and one for someone else so
taking cam and then it's gonna be dope
so to break it down for you to break it
down B this is game six the last game
was in Cleveland rappers lost the series
is three to four Cleveland and this
series is first to four so if Cleveland
wins today the Raptors are out there out
of the playoffs they're gone
we have to win this game this for the
whole series has been that whenever
we're playing Cleveland Cleveland wins
whenever I'm playing in Toronto Toronto
wins so hopefully when tonight but then
Game seven will be in Cleveland so it's
a very tough situation we're in what
we're gonna try to make it happen I
might use some oatmeal maybe some cereal
guru damn Ching you Airmen all niggers I
wash my face too yeah
modification ting when you want to do
the hairstyle you make the bun to the
side and make it low you rock a hat with
it the evolution in ting I should be
doing work but instead I'm doing this
dance right here see this I got so much
work to do but instead I'm like a whole
dot well did you say hey hey what's up
let's do some work okay shut up
yah I'm headed to the gym for the book
my mom because he always asked me to go
and I'm never here because I don't live
here so I might take a quick break it's
raining outside she's not send me today
but we'll go to the gym for a little bit
my parents are actually also coming to
the Raptors game Jay they got tickets of
their own so it's like a family day it's
gonna be awesome let's go the gymnast is
mortal just a lickle I look a sweat door
also I'm walking to my vlogging camera
because it's like give me stuff to carry
and then like as I'm working out and
liked the vlogging camera and I'm rough
like I have a pocket and I'm just
sticking like my bra like my butt cheek
and then like assuming you have like
sweat all over it cuz I'll be sweating
another exercise blogger beard me and
then they'll be like but sweat all over
it so I'm just I'm just not taking it
because I don't want you to have less
sweat on yourself all right I had a
great workout at the gym with mama bear
and now everywhere I go I'm like a
walking natural disaster I'm watching
showering away this rap game let go all
right we are ready for a game six win
don't take the judge black we're heading
there mom dad me are you bringing it
blessed life though why are you feeling
good you got a shirt
Game six you ready this is big for the
see this is make a break for the city no
make a break for just make a break for
the city though our union two parents
will introduce
when they mean Toronto and they say that
baby's not rowdy
when the gas takes some bowel shop i'ma
have to be turned I think I just fit
back in awkward
then go see that popcorn signed out of
my mouth that is a very important game
this could be last time I see the brand
season not gonna block that much but
enjoy it my buddy Paul you take my
camera for me a little bit just do it
we're losing 55:41 four and a half
minutes left and we're losing really
badly
applause good season so many fans stage
Samuel Beijing talk more about it but
so wrap for the rafters this season's
now we're at Jack Astor's and their
music is so loud
none of us can hear each other talk now
feel like me like yo can you just turn
the music that Bobby gave me right now
so your hearing is that goes so loud
my mom's here
let's keep some food out is a pad thai
tough loss but honestly and this is like
all bs aside the Raptors made history
this season they've gotten further than
they've ever gone before they got the
city together like I've never seen
before even LeBron James in his postgame
interview was like dude in my 13 years
of being a professional basketball
player I've never experienced a crowd
like this like the Raptors fans like I'm
so proud of the Raptors so proud of my
city we still the north we gonna come
back harder next year freakin Raptors
ride-or-die so proud
no hard feelings no type of way not that
I'm anyone to even feel some type of way
with like just so proud so proud Toronto
for life right and I love it a lot
people the game was like you're hiking
these tickets I get linked up I don't I
tell you about it I'm because a lot of
people even or cheating me and be like
yo what the hell how do you keep eating
tickets so outside with this dope app
called SeatGeek they actually hooked up
my tickets and I was like y'all ha girl
you I appreciate that someone let you
know but it actually gave a code for you
as well in case you want to have tickets
anything basically not only buying
tickets online you go to like a
bazillion different sites to try to
figure out how you get tickets this app
basically like aggregates all tickets
across the web to show you like the ones
out of at the best price oh you even try
to save money up here yeah and then they
put a score on it preaching like one in
a hundred to show you what type of deal
you're getting so it's very easy to see
if you're getting scammed we're getting
a good deal no boasting is when you pick
a seat and lets you see the view from
that seat all right and the fee is like
the fee there's no hidden fees it's not
like oh this is the fee now when I had
ten other billion dollars of BS now just
like this the prices the price would you
see would get down is right there it's
right there it's right there see geek
and how you can use the code is that's
what the app looks like right here and
if you click the me tab right there
there's a new tab it says enter promo
code whereas it was right there boom
Shakalaka
and you gotta sign in you gotta log in
all that ting the promo code is guess
what parlor no want you to guess what
the promo codes just guess just guess
just guess what are you what am i
unicorn
type of the promo code unicorn and they
said they give all of our team superfans
$20 back on your first order so go ahead
and if you have somewhere to go you can
use the app is dope post really dope
there's actually an even though this is
a tracking tab and lets you track not
just advance but performers so you can
track events for like SIA Nick Jonas Sam
Smith oh that's really dope tracking and
then you can follow performers oh he's
got that's dough so I can just like
stocke Selena Gomez and like Dwayne all
day long to see what happens they have
anyways I'm gonna snap up with a link in
the description to get your trial a
promo court if you wanted I'll put the
link there all that stuff see that today
works really great because the section
it was the most little rowdy people and
they were just so fun to sit beside it
was like very entertaining
um I wash my face it's mad hot I'm gonna
take off my clothes and I'm a Red Menace
on the amazing season the Raptors had do
a little to work and then go to bed but
we'll speak too early I think there
might have been book us yoyoyo
by the way for those you keep asking why
I'm not doing toilet talk it's because
of my house my parents sleep with her
door open and the washrooms kind of
close to their room and I want to wake
them up that's why I'm not doing here
but I'll do it tomorrow when I land back
in LA tomorrow I'm going to the cottage
in the morning at Chase is coming with
us I know she hasn't responded yet but
she might come a quick cottage trip
spend some time with my family pick that
up and I'm flying back to LA after that
after thinking about honestly I'm kind
of actually happy the Raps lost at home
because like they got a three minute
standing ovation and like you know I
lost everyone just like let's go Raptors
like had they lost in Cleveland they
would not have received that so um ocean
I'm like a lot but good run all good
things all good vibes thank you so much
for joining me on this journey I know
I've been talking a lot about the
Raptors recently and that's gonna be on
pause until next season so I look back
at this one year from now and remember
other great times and all of you around
the world who have no idea about what
I'm talking about but still support the
Raptors and still support the vlogs
thank you so much I appreciate it for
now imma just do a little bird work and
go to bed but if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe subscribe the
North will rise again
