lose your cool in the Olympic Happy New
Year it is 2018 first things first I
have to show you what my house looks
like looks like I've got bad movie set
wig wig it's no machine looks like a
really really good time now we got clean
decision you know was lit when you walk
rung and change the ping pong scoreboard
to Toronto area code it's lit we're
gonna eat clean this up grab a relaxing
day so no points again today my last
completely lazy day I'm going to there's
a video game play monopoly deal watch
the movies chill tomorrow though when
you're watching today I'm slowly gonna
start resuming work for two reasons one
I mean it's it's time also I feel ready
I feel like I've had a few lazy days I
feel rejuvenated went a little crazy
without doing some work so today last
lazy day we did
so we know that I can be humble in big
pot losses here cool the Olympic go for
it let's see it I just become blipping
fun so what's happening now is I'm
making a tally of all the games we play
might be like why you guys crazy you
know why because this will mostly leave
a few days but I didn't speak I think we
have humble and I this makes us better
when we're like this and we're so
competitive I get better in my writing I
got better in my life I wake up with my
stuff makes me bet that deal ping pong
Mario Kart these are gonna be the three
although I believe we need another game
right now but we need the four things so
please comment below let us know what
other game can be hobbled young ladies
hmm hopefully symmetry is here's where
we stand
humble really fills it in deal I'll
admit that he filled it I'm gonna play
ping pong which is also gonna be me
asleep in Mario Kart to my goal here go
do myself a little bit it's not let him
have a clean sweep that way I can at
least have the only woman to cooking
stick today humble is the champ and the
jab you too
so what are we gonna do are we gonna
continue our fresh every day we do we
gonna do it everyone what do you think I
think it's gonna move into the game
right on the top for now yeah surfers
everyday all right chef gun
just watch the Bubba Duke and like I
have this theory where horror movies
have so much potential in the last 50
minutes everyone has a team meeting
they're like okay what can we do to eff
up this movie and make it really stupid
now but I'm gonna bet I'm so so tired
tomorrow when I wake up my work he's
gonna resume but I'm actually not gonna
release his blog he was really short not
a lot happened today so I combined my
vlog days that's a lot I need to vlog
I'm just going to sleep bye oh good
morning
all right homeless a new day right hard
today today we're gonna hustle what
we're gonna do is start with monopoly
deal we're gonna hostel first play two
games just not the board it's been a
race yesterday a humble one I have a
folder on my phone called beef we will
keep track every day today's a new day
two games no matter what two games after
James Abbott take a shower you can do
some work and then we're gonna work
record and later on we can play together
right now game obviously a new day
jump it right back into it just cleared
my inbox no points today this as well as
more points points will resume tomorrow
okay then just getting warmed up right
now there's warmed up and bus cleared
had a cold chillin the game feels so
good to be productive again I'm gonna
let you know what the night left are
here
and then obviously we know this but I
want to point that out if there's means
that I'm not the only person that has a
clean sweep because Hummels never beat
me in my record so take that information
do what you will with it petty as we're
about to watch a movie I got so much
work done today tomorrow when you watch
this Kyle is back the steam is slowly
coming back it's just popping videos are
gonna be shot is all happening right now
well no right now tomorrow but now we're
gonna watch little evil yesterday
watched Bubba Duke and it was trash
they're watching the lethal and hoping
for better results Oh 2:00 a.m. movie
was way better than the Bubba yesterday
it's called little evil actually burn
for Channing so if you want to check out
one Netflix not an ad but I really
enjoyed it I'm so damn tired I was so
excited to go to bed - go to bed wake up
minimal work oh sorry for the word I'm
sorry this kind of effed up weird vlog I
like combine two days and both days I
didn't do a very good job of long and I
apologize but we're officially getting
back into work mode with a vlog game
will pick up vacation is officially over
the holidays are done is about to be lit
so I apologize this kind of wack blog is
what it is all
we don't need to see how we did today
because no points tomorrow little points
drop and on the fourth like your end
review videos coming out everything is
taking play everything is happening all
as well let's go down the toilet also
look at this cute pimple right on the
tip of my not a my guiding this later
tonight
I just got the word you won't you guide
my sleigh tonight nice I wait ladies on
joining me on today shirt don't if you
want it listen calm if you don't then
ask me and there's no tomorrow if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe you like it subscribe I should
right now let me you're also also do you
wanna know what I started planning did
you wanna show you shelf do one do I
start playing today my trip to cheer
that in Tobago for Carnival 2018 I'm so
excited it's gonna be it's huh and I
might bring some peeps with me for a
time
