happy revival day all right I'm gonna
try my best not to make this first
segment twenty minutes long because it
could be twenty minutes long obviously
I'm very excited see my girls tell
performing my hometown of Toronto now a
lot of people question like why why are
you going to the Toronto show gay this
is the story right it's kind of pansy
but you know I like this deep
sentimental ish so years ago my friend
Tia who took me to the game a couple
days ago she took me to my first Lina
Gomez concert because we're both really
big Selena Gomez fans after the show
Selena does this thing where she takes a
picture with fans provided it safe and
stuff she does that and so years ago I
remember being and this is one like suit
I was superwoman but I didn't pop off
too much yet and so I remember waiting
outside and then there's a whole bunch
of fans and inevitably I had to leave
because it was a little bit of a
counting situation because like people
were recognizing me as super when I was
like ah this little bit chaotic but I
remember being kind of like so inspired
that day by Selena and me and she had
this conversation you know girls they do
these things and we do this cue craft so
that night years ago tee and I were like
don't worry we don't want to meet her
like this like in this crowded situation
like if one of us ever meets her in the
future we'll make sure to introduce the
other and like not thinking anything of
it we made this little problems right
remembered it years and years and years
from now so I flew back home to Toronto
to come to Selena's concert in my
hometown to kind of reminisce on that
day before I've ever met her and also to
take Tia to this concert I'm not saying
this so you're gonna go your sodas
that's not what it is at all I'm taking
her not sure if we're gonna see Sal yet
or not obviously there's so many factors
that play a role security and this and
that and doesn't that but when I try our
best to see self but that's not what's
important it's important is that we're
gonna go to this concert have a great
time support the girl I so tea is gonna
go that's what's up I'm going with Tam
and David from free the children as well
and it's gonna be dope so what I'm going
to do I actually had an extra unicorn
onesie lying around I am going to go get
it embroidered with a revival tour in
hopes that if I Cecily and I can
actually offer something for being so
kind to like hook us up with these
tickets so that's we're gonna go do
right now and then I'm gonna give her
some vows as well but let's go do that
unicorn onesie let go
all right so that took way longer than
expected the girl told me 30 minutes on
the phone and took like an hour and a
half but I knew imaginal II tried for 20
bucks I was a girl dealin have Isis what
does it Inc know cambian gets
embroidered but it looks dope check it
out check it out check it out I also
don't even know if I'm on your chance to
see you sell but like just in case you
know just in case ting hey little wings
- what's it I think I'm trying to really
dope actually I'm about it
I just finished a call I got around 55 0
minutes to get ready which is like no
time at all
so obviously decide to pick up my camera
cuz want to address something real quick
I just edited yesterday's vlog and it's
like literally the whole vlog is my
brain exploding and talking so much crap
so um my ultimate lesson that I learned
and I'll try to keep this short I know I
talk a lot I'm sorry
ultimate lesson is what inspired that
rant was like going to see his concert
and sometimes her brain goes straight to
work like I recently got a offer to also
go to the set of fuller house like watch
as an audience guest member and like
before I was like oh my god that's so
exciting I'm so that's so awesome I'm so
happy but my brain was like do you think
into a video they're like could I do
something there that's like work-related
like I don't want my brain to do that
and I guess I get that like my brains
been trained to do that because I am a
workaholic like I really love what I do
and I'm passion about what I do but like
I also need to learn the balance of like
being able to do things to enjoy and
being like no I'm doing it because this
is an awesome experience that I want to
live it so I'm gonna do that today like
I'm gonna go to the concert y'all vlog
if I feel like it a little bit but like
when I go to stuff like that
please don't get upset if you don't see
me vlogging a lot out of concert
anything else because I want to get
better at just being like yo let me
enjoy this moment I preach it all the
time and I really need to practice it a
little bit better so I'm gonna have a
great time today and really live in the
moment I'm super excited to do it and
that's something I'm gonna work on
really really hard and you could hold me
to it so the vlogs are about me in my
life it doesn't always mean you're gonna
see everything I experienced and stuff
I'll tell you stories of course always
but I want to live in the moment man so
I'm gonna go take a shower now and live
in the moment just kidding I got a rush
lolly
and ready I'm late I don't know why
traffic ruins my life ruins it backstage
maid is my security to go the muscle
right here and get this that's what's up
from weed a Dave and camera here T is
here we have a good Town backstage but
to get this Tang left right now as vibes
was about to go to our seats
just met DN C II and jojos giorgos is so
sweet
he's so friggin sweet you guys only two
or three people I really pretty
good-looking too I'm G I'm just sitting
y'all I'm just saying I always want I
goes in this OP know how we're to hedge
our seats with their lives to get like a
walk down memory lane Prescott honestly
be right here in such a blessing I'm
these guys I love these guys they hooked
up the best ears look how close we are
right now
my zoom and I'm gonna be in sweetness
nostril you know I want to be there so
my mine five my my my
I don't know why but this is starting
with Game of Thrones music and I'm very
happy but it all
I love that cell and I have so many
mutual friends
have to turn into my main grace
I'm sorry
seung-hye stage right now
Susy
you
so Tia's having a mental breakdown right
now say I would like to tell them why
now you don't hug me you just tell them
why I'm at my idle today yeah
we just thought was that what up -
Selena again I gave her the unicorn
onesie that you loved she's so freaking
sweet
I hear cheers futures maybe I'm hearing
stuff that's a satyr nevermind um her
energy is so damn can change I love her
and she's my favorite thing about her
she's so sweet and nice and calming
she's very calm highly appreciate that
so she's dope also my love to all the
Salinas fans I also show me a lot of
love it was dope like so many people
were like showing me support they're
like - group yeah well it was pretty
dope it was a dope moment I was like
Doug mean sleaze rude wet now but it was
super super dope and of course I want to
say if I wasn't able to take a picture
with you know that it's never I don't
want to is just like I don't want things
to be unsafe we'll talk about that later
though but job causes Lina that's my
girl
kill the game love it now he's in my
city minor detail raps lost so badly
today but it's okay like so badly but
it's yo yo yo I'm falling back home what
an amazing night oh my god Selena is
wonderful she's great such elegance and
grace and you know I can go on on on on
about talking with Selena but I'll tell
you what the best part was there's a few
things one I already knew like my core
demographic in Salinas core demographic
they're pretty similar but there's one
point and I mean it's the most humble
way possible when I walk into a stadium
like the stadium started cheering it was
like Salinas fans showed me so much love
and I guess we have a lot of crossover
that may feel really special and really
cool and I've met so many of you
lovelies we took pictures and something
I mentioned earlier and I wanted to
address now if I ever like don't take
pictures with you it's not because I
don't want to it's just because it would
be a safety thing like there was one
point where my some of the people were
like kind of trampling with people who
were sitting down and that's what had to
be like okay no no no I have to go
backstage I can't I don't want anyone
getting hurt in this process so but it
was so thank you so much ever they
showed me love seen his clothes was
great I got to meet her again
and she's I'm just honestly I'm past the
point of like of course I'm a fan but
like I'd appreciate as a person so much
of meeting her like for third time now
I'm so happy to go out to meet her
my promise that I made three years ago
and so that's really really cool and I
think the best another good part of
today was that I really did practice
what I preached earlier today I didn't
feel pressure to vlog anything or to say
pictures of anything both times when I
met DN DN C and Selena I didn't vlog nor
did I feel the urge to nor did I take a
picture like the pictures happened
organically because someone else took a
picture or something it wasn't me being
like hey let's take a picture so and I
really really enjoyed it and I learned a
lot to be okay I like kind of enjoyed it
more than I might have normally because
I was just like no you're enjoying it
you don't need to feel pressured to
capture everything I think that's a good
mental thing to do and then after the
concert we went out for drinks with Joe
Jonas and he's so freaking nice Joe
Jonas has great I sort of got it's like
all these people are phenomenal all
these mother from tabloids you know
people don't believe this ashion see
he's so great and wonderful and sweet
and just amazing and so Slee and sold
all them like just actually everyone's
great everyone's great great night I'm
so blessed and grateful
um just so-so so let's gonna take a
moment to really just really not even
just say I believe it like I'm really
grateful and in whichever way you've
contributed to wherever I am in life I
sincerely thank you because my life is a
crazy ride and I'm so glad you can join
me along join me along the way and this
is great and I just I really love all
you um and I'm so inspired I just just
I'm gonna stop rambling now because it's
been like three minutes but I'm gonna go
to bed I'm gonna eat something first
go to bed and then tomorrow is video day
so that's what's going on in the
meantime if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe how many how my
late everybody had one job to it one job
go to the movies and I'm late and you
know I hate missing the beginning of
movies something okona girls have a
wedgie not happen to pick it
