and today the potty SOT alright so today
is rappers game six humble tone what's
up what game is rap is Game six of
Raptors win they will have made it to
the third round for the first time in
franchise history in history this is
round two the playoffs if they win in
history not this year not that last five
years in his first time ever ever they
would have passed round two so it's a
huge huge deal it's best out of seven
for the series right now it's three two
for the Raptors they wouldn't today that
means they get for that is best under
seven and they win and I'm gonna be I
would we still had two also devastated
one on Toronto because I can imagine the
City of Toronto will turn upside down I
literally Miami we got homies in Miami
right now if you're watching the game
it's a big deal
Susie's coming over you I suppose he
might come over he's not sure anymore
you just gonna come Florida - so Suzy
needs to come out I can make him feel
better we beat him that's right that's
right
Yussef Alex Lauren Sarah Sarah nada
we invited some peeps over and we need
to figure out situation because you know
we have a TV stand so the goal is this
is a plan of action I'm a little more
planner action
sanrak is even rat first and there is a
food which I mean that thinking with
easy is easy to get snacks and food for
people coming we gotta set the TV for
girl we're gonna put it what what incan
is putting it here setting up one thing
I don't have enough seating for everyone
but like I don't get it on the floor
like a little creak you know will do
when I was at Rose house for Game of
Thrones she'd have enough seating for
everyone either even though she had way
more couches than us but she had like so
np1
she just had like blankets and pillows
my little pod setup for people like
little areas like a sitting area so
we'll get labs so many pillows and
blankets a crowd so I'll just set this
area up to sit watch TV there well I
mean food secrets in your lap anyway
it's gonna put a sign for the washing me
the thing with my washroom is right you
had a flush up or else your Pope stays
the door you're a pool of yeah if you
push it down it does exist meant for p3
to put a sign because every attribute
doesn't know that yeah
we just come over you can do yeah
exactly so that's our stuff we gonna
clean some ish and when I see if the
ping-pong table would fit here all set
up then Diego is gonna be a good Eagle
this year we keep forgetting oh yeah we
just have another chair for Diego yeah
and yesterday what happened yesterday
launched a boss our official red always
on liquid lipstick we haven't heard
about that um what are you doing no no
you can't tell because I have a beard
boom where you
it's exciting day's gonna be dope oh my
god it's already been two minutes in 30
seconds of Allah oh my god oh my god ah
I would like to publicly announce that i
have committed a huge huge mistake
and I take back all things I said and I
was wrong I was wrong
humble has corrected me when I first
moved his apartment I was like I think
about there's no popcorn button until
today until today May 13th humble
pointed out there's a button this is a
cue pop I never realized it cuz it
doesn't say popcorn like a normal button
and in humble me the good men here just
googled it and what did it say on the
Accu pop listens to the popping of the
bag so you can just put the bag in and
forget about it and when it stops
hearing the Pops or when the gap between
the Pops is to widespread I'll just stop
thus ensuring no burnt popcorn it's like
having a little person staring at the
popcorn for you and telling you in a
sign amazing I have been living like a
cave woman all this time did not already
turn to really why Oh Adam the elevators
cousin the elevators closing elevator
where did she go
she men and they see I don't work out
that's all we're going to leave you know
so where else to get a few things the
other day I tweeted yo God please you
know I don't ask for much let me wake up
with beyonc√© tickets today
hello Copic Beyonce take it Cerie my
wonderful love doing retakes Beyonce I
know who I'm taking yet I'm debating
this guy
I'm already sure my gosh tickets
turbulence it Gemara t-minus 90 minutes
until the guests arrive assuming they're
not la flavors and we have a lot to do
we just got all the groceries we got all
the fun stuff all the junk food and
everything in between and now we're
headed back and we are going to get the
place set up get the place all dolled up
whoa get ourselves all dolled up whoa so
wrap your shirt I'm gonna I have you
worried I represent my Jersey okay I
have I have two rafters sure taking
we're amazing I have my white t-shirt or
I have that yes I'm gonna we're gonna do
that full speed not full spirit we're
gonna create preferential of sections
for our Canadian Geese that are coming
hey Kate Lauren hey Lauren their
accounts necessary and yes we're gonna
have a wonderful awesome time we're
gonna figure out where we put that
ping-pong table if at all yes correct
yes to just sit on it we can sit on the
ping-pong table for the past 48 hours
have been like you know with all these
dresses like we're gonna invite people
over we all play score the TV remove the
table they're going for a ping-pong tell
what we're gonna do we never built a TV
like a TV stand like we build a tripod
on Kleenex boxes we don't know what's
gonna happen the TV stands gonna come in
like two weeks we come home heaven-sent
the TV stand this year ninety minutes
before I guests are coming rappers are
totally gonna win because all the stars
are aligning let's go major change of
events that damn stand is from the devil
and none of the pieces fit properly so
it feels like it wasn't made properly
then I swear we like tried so hard so we
couldn't build it and now people maybe
you're like two minutes and I'm just
turning stressful suddenly so we've
given up on the stand this day and
stressed me
was a good moves trust me as we going up
on Stan but we've created sign to the
place so this one's of the couch is
reserved for Canadians Hobbs and then
the one on the front door because you
know in LA no one ever like understand
that we come from snow and we take our
shoes off and stuff so it says welcome
to Canada
take off your shoes we the north humble
office printing a sign for the toilet
that's gonna say reserved for Miami Heat
fans you ready for this
cool up bra big flush push it down
breast massage pull up just to be safe
and I need you at Miami Heat I mean no
offense to you but we got it by having a
party we got to do it come on come on
the time has come all the foreigners are
late only white people are gonna be here
on time not as here Sarah and Sarah on
their way all the foreigners use of
cycle I have something in my throat
miss Suzie is like burning on black
people time and then Alex like I'm
running on Filipino time freakin worst
worst worse but the game is starting
we're gonna make history we're gonna do
it we're gonna do it yeah honey was
overdoing it
100% we win we gonna turn that we
returned I went do something turn up you
gonna turn up all right you know turnout
here we go Game six round two Raptors
urges Heat
let's do this some foreigners have
arrived
she's not just in the reserves eating
Alex Oliver cannot hear a little island
it's third we're not doing well to third
quarter we're not doing well it's 49 56
already just here so yep I'm here
so straight you sad thing happen worked
chillin grabbed my doors unlocked and
this random hater walks in outside shit
like whoa whoa he's twerking his booty
and pink shorts I mean you man that was
she look sad because I'm telling
Toronto's future as it is
it's a little bit into the 4th and we're
six down we are not playing well today
I'm stressed
none of these non-believers are sending
positive ID but the problem was ready to
do goofy had acted indoors
ah
there's 30 seconds left and we're like
so behind I'm close
we lost rappers lot
haters haters all these haters it's all
in fun at least you had a good time kind
of right you're still healthy skittles
how do you feel I feel to kind of slip
up what's up
he's be trying to hang himself up like
they don't know us I know what's up way
love Cheers
wait a girl I usually get a first time
to I struggle there too
about to shoot something for you sister
right now what I'm shooting can do my
first challenge Lucy - what is it I
can't reveal it it's a mean I'm gonna
reveal it right now style up flip cup
that I came yeah fun things coming out
huh someday someday someday someday
she'll make you happy too by the way yo
we don't give her attention anymore oh
let's stop validating her on the roof
falling I can assure you it I don't care
no no no we okay no why are you doing
right he's making sure you don't touch
isn't it time for her to chase us
fucking addicts we're the laughingstock
because she denied both of us from all
over campus we have your cap was like we
love movie and Lily and then they have a
sugar camp I think even use this
Campbell of Susy really no we have our
side it's like right down the middle
listen let's all just be all just be
happy me and that's not fighting let's
all have a slumber party and see what
happens
no that's not gonna happen
they use this together
to report you about how you doing you
doing for together um who are you
she's doing great pearl yeah really good
I'm sorry I just Carrie apparently is it
scary it's the way my squealing and I'm
what's where we I don't understand that
word square we I just said a word in
Canada squalene square we hmm I think
you're trying to say scary no squarely
you don't sound right we're squarely I
don't know what that means
it's squarish mmm let go
all right now that the rapper's have
lost people watched a movie I've ate so
much junk food everything's done we're
gonna try to deal with the stand again
this stand from hell
Pablo's here humbles here I'm here we're
see if we can figure it out it just I
guess it seems good quality but I feel
like the construction of it is really
poorly made like the pieces don't
exactly fit in how they're supposed to
so it's like it's stressful it's a
stressful thing of course Diego shows up
and fixes everything we discovered that
it was actually sent to us wrong a piece
was jammed in the wrong spot and Diego
with his big muscles took a hammer that
was like banged it and it knocked it
into place figured it out was my big
brain he did he like just looked at it
we were like analyzing forever be like
what's wrong as he was like so analyzing
all the parts using all no see this is
the wrong spot shit dude
and we were like oh we have to send it
back he was like boom and faith like
such a strong man oh I should I should
say that she said if I fixed it she was
gonna make out I did I'm like it was
fixing to make it come on
Oh where'd you turn on my comment that
was I was pointing I have to change my
panties okay yeah I'm so proud of
homeland Diego look at this look at this
beauty look at this
good job good job kill the Gators look
at pictures of me yeah okay
toilet talk with Leigh Leigh it's like
4:00 a.m. something I've been doing
thing for the past hour I mean no like
social media waiting my life today was a
fun day I tell all my friends
unfortunately the Raptors do not pull
through with the wind but that's okay
because on Sunday I had a shoe and I
moved it to a game seven so basically
Game seven is the make-or-break like who
whichever team wins goes on to the next
round whichever team loses out and this
the closest we've ever been to making
history so sad Sunday's gonna be store
us tomorrow is Beyonce concert yeah I'm
really excited about but for now I'm
gonna go to bed so that tomorrow I can
wake up I look how do you Morris a
decent times gonna sleep in because it's
four am right now but like you know a
little bit over time that's not like
totally harness but thanks for joining
me on another day and I'll beauty is
great and love you and and if you liked
it subscribe if you liked it subscribe
subscribe
look what I have I ready it's the first
time I'm holding as well this is the
lipstick always on liquid lipstick now I
want you to play close attention to
something it may disappear that it's a
splat and says boss but no no
