who invents these times in the morning
who-who-who thought it was good to have
a 9:00 a.m. 8 a.m. 7 a.m. DS times who
this this is not good I don't know why I
don't person we could never befriend the
person who invented that is 9:30 I woke
up about 20 minutes ago that doesn't
look like it my hair makeup stylist are
on their way they should be here any
minute but at least my blog when I get
my hair makeup done
alright I'm all did I'm so tired and my
knee keeps like clicking and it just
needs to sleep right now but um I'm
actually hanging to Busby to do a really
cool video doesn't be one woman three
really cool hairstyles belong here so
they're gonna switch my hair up three
times and roof on it's coming video for
BuzzFeed later on today I have an event
uh and by now my time to watch as you
probably know what it's for I've been so
excited to tell you about this okay
yeah okay yeah I haven't keeping a
secret from you for so so so long I can
finally tell you about it I'm releasing
my own lipstick I'm not working right
now but usually I do you know that red
color I always wear so you know I'm not
too makeup savvy and I'm not good at it
and like I hate touching stuff up and
like I'm just I'm just not about that
life
but I've always liked a red lipstick
because I feel like it makes such a
statement and it makes me feel a certain
way every time I wear red I feel more
powerful I feel more bold and so I
started doing this red lipstick and
people start to ask thick what shade are
you wearing and I really want the same
lipstick or like a lot of my friends
have said usually red never looks good
on me somehow that shade of red looks
really good so I partnered up with
Smashbox cosmetics to release my own
shade of always on liquid lipstick it is
the exact same one I always wear it's
called boss BAW SC which I'm very
excited about because hello how me I had
a hand in designing the packaging I just
there's so much and you tell you what I
have to go right now but there's so much
and I tell you about this and how
excited I am because Anna mine BS and
you don't control you I'm not even
biessing ice no one's here no one's
giving me a check right now no one is
telling me to say this every single time
I've worn this lipstick at the end of
the night someone was like dude you look
what's perfect listen like drinking if
you're eat me thin hello obviously I
drank something I need something like do
you even know me but it's just it's so
dope and so me and I really hope you
love it but the launch for that is
happening tonight at the Smashbox to do
so that's what today is all about
you're a go we go make it happen floppy
did my hair
but with all your down poppers over here
oh and where I had it over to Busbee
team super has a lipstick we have enough
pop that booty
we got a lipstick we're gonna shoot of
it oh my BuzzFeed right now and there's
some got some people here I want to
shoot this video as we great and gods
eight mug playing the notes up they know
the vibes Bobby's gonna take over the
vlog because mommy's gonna do some
shooting
so Papi's gonna take over so if you want
to see like what you're recording you
like that oh whoa yeah so you still
recording me okay
Papi's astonished this is your creative
outlet do what you like oh my the whole
block is puppies Lexi so I have a
pleasure today having Lily's blog we're
here backstage shooting with Busby today
and they're launching about boss
lipstick which is awesome this different
games to the blog into the camera but
yeah you get to see what a unicorn put
on her glam and this is awesome so I'm
sure you see behind the scenes and we're
gonna create a great day they got some
Beyonce playing in the background
so doing three hair looks on Lee and you
could see her luscious Mane's like super
want healthy food Java air and love it
it's the first look and I'm trying to
figure out that whole shape and
everything oh listen to that
since the Ola foreplay the care of
monkey living felicidades in two lines
I'm a little tinkle obvious okay I'm
trying to get used to it it's different
okay how fabulous and awesome is this
there's problem Eyre this dope thing
that's like is this a braid which we
call the braid it's a braid it's a super
braid with colors and it's like my
ticket to you to her dad I love it take
it out can you see it all okay what how
even does this one do this I do some
science to start with amazing hair like
oh okay well cookie blowing um this is
so dope do you like the purple it's so
so what do you call this look this is my
do we say kelis for green Kui Susan Lucy
I don't want to give us I'm sorry
Khaleesi unicorn my little pony yeah
it's so dope Nicky and this this is the
bomb stomach well vlogging is a lot of
work especially getting used to this
fisheye camera and everything else but I
was just thinking about that when I made
a comment earlier in Spanish what I was
saying is hello to everyone
hola team super you rock Lily you're the
awesomeness and it's not even a word but
I told you you are magical and thank you
for introducing unicorn alien to me
it means a lot so team super
yeah beautiful mm-hmm
that was so much fun it was also like
what she's doing my hair I got mad sleep
because like someone said your hair like
there was so much fun but like look what
I have look what I have I ready the
first time I'm holding it as well this
is the lipstick always on liquid
lipstick now I want you to play close
attention to something it may just
appear that it's a splat and says boss
but no no look close you look at the
wording okay reach goals it says unicorn
in the top corner conquer powerful turn
head smile genuinely bold all these
words all this design by the way by the
way by the way by the way uh-huh it's
like I was so suppose it with us like
notes I want to be this how I want to
look everything is this is it this is
this is this is it this is it this is
sort of mine this is it this is it Hey
oh I'm so excited
and even on set I was like do like you
have another touch of my lipstick once
I'm not lying
wear this lipstick I swear to God I
didn't gap but I don't forget give it to
you if I see you and all your friends
with yo your lips it looks perfect it's
magic if it sucked I would tell you I
you know me god damn it's so good like a
lot of things I do sucks on my videos I
stuck this this doesn't suck I said I
was gonna come home take a nap get
rested I took no nap and now my makeup
ladies are here and everything is like
I'm so sleepy
I need to hear what I'm wearing I'm so
excited the vent I heard something great
so it's happening at this uh Smashbox
Studios and they have the own snapchat
filter with my boss lipstick thing and
I'm really excited my sakes I believe in
it like I genuinely wear this I love it
I'm just so excited so cool and
everyone's so excited to hear the news
and it's just I'm very happy it's yes
I'm cranky isn't very tired
I use my head is kind of hurting but
it's like worth it it's worth it some
days you gotta get a little sleep I mean
and I say little not a little bit asleep
I mean like less sleep and just
accomplish great things some days not
all days but some days you got to do
that but I need to shut up and pick an
outfit should I wear my sparkly
it's kind of my probably first stage the
writers will be say before a stage oh
I'm actually really feeling the vibes ah
this is the exact same hairstyle I had
the first time I met doing
it's the MTV Movie Awards first year
it's my vibes are my stuff is everywhere
my red shoes with my red watched my
vibes got a little bit of seed shooting
on go on air we're ready to go to launch
our very first lipstick and now come on
I like dolls I'm on my way
wine popcorn lipstick what is wine
I get a few you in front of you yeah
when you finish launching your lipstick
what do you do go to Chipotle Chipotle
Chipotle sha doodle it's what's up we've
also invited a whole bunch of friends
over tomorrow for the game Game six so
it's turning into a little bit an event
now but that's what's going on this area
is really pretty I'm like oh I don't
know my future part like hard Danny
squad goals we do a way back playback
right now was basically if you have been
on Team super for a while you know a
show called giving back glam you know
that's what would you see this right
here right here those are the producers
and saviours of giving back glam Wow
amazing it was a good time we got not on
here it was a long time ago but it's
good times good times yeah
Sammy's heal not as here what's wrong
not as not avoiding eye contact and
humble is here put it in the chips right
now well I was onto chips
no way oh wow oh hi welcome to Lily's
massage I have such a big headache we
were in the room and I had like a lot of
fumes from like a permanent marker my
head started pounding and then I went
such a long time about eating 4-h boats
I'm sitting on my hair so um and then
yeah so now I'm like my head hurts and
Pablo's massaging my shoulders the club
was the best so I have a story to tell
you
Lilly has this ongoing joke for like the
last year every time we're in the same
room she's like oh the temperatures
really hot you should take your shirt
off because I would always say that if
the temperature got above 70 I would
just take my shirt off and so she'd
always make the same joke oh hey look I
turned up the heat so you take your
shirt off but I never do because I'm too
too embarrassed and then yesterday I did
take my shirt off
but then she wouldn't even look at me so
I think it turns out it was just a joke
oh she didn't really want me to take my
shirt off good idea
oh nothing time to get back to work you
wake up you launch a lipstick you get
back to work you can't hear the music
but I can I just finish my big task so
celebrity dance
we get so tired but I finished my work
and I feel so good about it I'm not
gonna add this block tonight I will die
cuz I'm gonna die but I'm gonna wake up
tomorrow when I added it um so that's
what's going on thank you for joining me
on this very exciting day I'm so excited
for all your support and all the support
even showing boss I'm so boughs I'm so
glad you've been liking it and I'm so
happy if I got to tell you it's so hard
keeping secrets from you because like I
vlog and I'm doing something today so
just know I'm working on so many more
secrets and I can't tell you about but
with time with time we had a great day
tomorrow is rappers game six we've
invited a few friends over to join us
while we watch it so that's what's going
on but for now if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe subscribe
like a box now I'm gonna have to play
three two we win the next game and for
the first time a rappers history we have
passed round two
holy crap holy crap
