good morning Salt Lake City are those
mountains oh my god it is melted
I guess so amazed when there's mountains
good these mountains right now because
these mountains oh my god you telling me
that you see these mountains every day
he's not here anymore okay good okay I
finally slept in first of all let's talk
about that I have a static now that I'm
awake and functional let me apologize to
you I missed a day of vlogging yesterday
I didn't vlog the past few days of this
week I've been so sleep-deprived like I
don't remember I think the last time I
was this sleep-deprived as I contour I
was so tired and so sleep-deprived and
so I didn't vlog yesterday
I just tried my best on the shoot and I
also did make a Thursday video half
because the power was out half because I
fell asleep in so I want to sincerely
apologize for kind of dropping the ball
over the last two days but aback at it I
slept in I'm gonna try my hardest to not
let that happen again and I'm so
appreciative you're appreciative of your
patience I know so many if you're
treating me like you don't gotta say
that and it's fun you just say I want to
say it I want to say it because I feel
bad because I love you but we're at
Derek's apartment right now we finished
his shoot I tried my best on the shoot I
was very sleepy but I still tried my
best you did show he did so good he's
great look we're just complementing each
other but look what Salt Lake City today
I'm doing Cassidy's late night show as
late I show on YouTube that I'm going to
something really fun but I think that's
gonna make me miss the rapper's game
which is game 3 in Toronto but we'll see
we can do a timing but it's beautiful
it's wonderful I love Salt Lake City
ignition with a mounting stake yeah we
go close to the mountain we're pretty
close we take pictures of the mountains
yes I want to see the mountains I like
mountains I like saying the word
mountains anyways we're gonna have some
breakfast now Pablo made me some healthy
something right no what is this explain
what our apple juice carrot juice kale
spinach chopped mangoes strawberries
blueberries raspberries yeah what cool
fine is gonna make me healthy because I
don't want that no kidding huh okay
we'll have a smoothie I'm posting the
vlog everything's back on track
everything's great
Salt Lake City tonight I'm flying to
Toronto everything is Stu effing pendous
let's do it also problems Wi-Fi is my
bus Pablo's Wi-Fi should be featured in
fast and furious you get it to get it
okay
okay well is about to try this uh shake
she's afraid that she's not gonna like
it if I don't like
than anything really bad but don't feel
bad because if you don't like it it's
just mortar meeting you sure is like I
have a very big feeling I'm not gonna
like it
it's like candy for me it smells like
nutrition it's dessert it's that your
life go fine okay as three different
types of berries what do you think I
wouldn't call it dessert it's not that
bad I thought we could drink this much
of it okay you drink however much you
can I'll finish it I made myself one -
do I have abs yet yeah looking good
hmm are to the mountains are not even
mountains are like a different parallel
universe that I just contain I don't
really able to see it but can you see
you can see it really but like all those
are mountains we gotta find a picture
take mountains problem we're heading to
Cassidy's late night show I got the
Raptors mobile app open it's still 2
hours left till tip-off so it's all good
open and pray I did a quick thing for
Flo 93.5 I'm trying to be like you guys
go wraps opening praying the Raptors
home court advantage can come back next
two games I have full faith and we're
gonna try to stop and take a picture
with mountains it yeah let's do it ok
the purple look at all pubs mmm you I
feel like there's been something in my
eye for the last next week it's like one
of my eyelashes is like constantly
sucking my ash dollar just Dan homie
look at me now good look okay this
little thing is locking you right now
oh no - I know it's not your ball
drive better Bravo drive better lady
doesn't about it okay I'll get you a flu
look at all the dunk dunk dunk over
solid oh my god oh my god you might
not look like a good camera by swear
they presented their ginormous ginormous
mountains I love them me me me me me me
me me me me me me me me me
we Cyril acquitted oh hey guys I'm
eating my hair done like Lily right now
okay my hair doesn't winners amazing
well the show together so it's like my
honor to be on the show okay come on
totally come on we's up with your doctor
oh you're Utah Doe number two in the
world you know you know Casper's walk by
I'm so happy to see Casper for Oh
remember Casper is check yourself before
you wreck yourself
Casper Cassidy came on tour with me
remember this guy come on you remember
this guy
yo yo yo interpreting everything he's
doing right now I'm sorry it's okay we
just have like a big production to do
okay things are going wrong as you can
tell amazed this show does his world
this is guy superstar I dunno I'm sorry
what up it's our boy Cassidy Casper he
means Casper he's the Friendly Ghost let
me explain why he's the Friendly Ghost
okay so I come into this place
he has my favorite beverage waiting for
me and he's like is it warm enough in
here for you cuz he knows I hate being
cold
you know in a world tour together just
minor detail in India so I definitely
remember mm-hmm that the a/c in India
was too cold in India it was though it
was very cold and then I brought my
lipstick balls because I got away we
ordered one we have one look at this
gasps I look at this and look at this
take notes everyone else I ever worked
with make it legit you wear the lipstick
during the interview can you are the
other search engine there's one way to
find out I'm actually waiting for a boy
does that mean picture with my lipstick
I think they'll be so cool
I'm waiting right for a male unicorn
just let him sit all right the goal has
there it is I'm just saying serious can
we can we organically work it into the
interview yes that's our goal for me yes
and I'm gonna cut the spiral the vlogs
on themed organic hahaha after we're
here backstage waiting for Chipotle buds
was closed
I wanted my vegan sandwich again was
cool we're gonna watch some Raptors but
the moment they start playing I probably
have to go to the show let's start so
I'm gonna miss the beginning oh
as in causal vibe to them in my Beatrice
I can't watch you you can but you've
been walking down the same time forget
about me read with me what's happening
until pregame things that happen all
these announcers they have no faith in
the rappers and they'll piss me up all
you guys shut your dirty mouths okay
I've always treats like the underdog no
one thought we pass round two as well
and we beat Miami so shut your dirty
mouth works I just wanted I just want to
beat them once I don't even care about
the series Cleveland is undefeated thus
far in the playoffs
I want the Raptors just beat them once
just like oh shut your dirty mouth no
doubt whoa
we have a start we were to start sending
all the vibes from his colleagues 32
tirado this is Game three the best out
of seven member first team to four wins
Cavaliers up to lappers have zeroes we
need to win this any week's win the next
one
I'm going to the next game so I want to
go there with like at least a one win
you're gonna win I can feel it we're
gonna win review knowing go raps car so
we and miked Raptors are up by now like
four by before yeah well by four but you
know we do this in the first quarter so
we have to carry them onto second guard
and third guard the fourth quarter but
I'm about to go on to the show and
Pueblo is gonna watch and also some the
lives some the vibes cool and make it
happen
and the most underrated player on the
rest says the man called grown man in
four one zero
yeah let's do it that's what you excited
I'm like it whatever sure yeah I'm like
I'm like yeah look they're definitely I
think my agent force me to do is no
kidding
I'm getting measured as you know I made
a statement and said we have to do this
because I love me some well that's an
insult ease all right okay this little
thing right here Mike call the
microscopic don't know if you've heard
of it boom
wow you pee wow they're gonna yell
someone's making prop Mike yeah yeah yep
yep yeah very sorry Jeremy yeah for that
for me because you're not scared to tell
them anything they understand that good
parenting is not about fear it's about
good communication no so in true fashion
we put miles on casting books dope
pictures will be on my Instagram but
it's struggling to come off which we
said is long lasting is it not lot yeah
I can vouch I don't know if you want me
to but I can vouch for a long-lasting
that lipstick is yeah yeah that's a it's
not such a good pigment to it look at
him look at him oh yeah
it looks so good I want more guys who
are boss something's so boss if guys
were boss Leslie it's pronounced about
Bob
oh you schooled me on everything about
and the rappers are playing so good it's
in the third and we're all by like
twelve or something right now right oh
look at the picture they put up for me
that's festive was that that go well do
be happy with it oh my gosh I made that
series that was an awesome interview I
had so much fun you're obviously amazing
with you elbows everything you wanted in
absolute absolutely that was
I don't even know how to explain this I
had so many high hopes for how fun this
is going to be met him all yes so cute
hi Lincoln said hi Internet mmm
it's the third and the Toronto's our
final trial Toronto's up by 9 this does
kid we're not guys anything I'm not
gonna say anything right jigs anything
which is watching the game
everything's fine watching the game see
what happen when 3rd and we're up by
night it's good karma it's just you know
we're just watching just whatever yeah
she does whatever whatever he hasn't
done ginseng don't jinx I got exact
fourth quarter just started we're up by
13 this is not happening any of the
previous game game since Cleveland after
the first quarter we usually suffer but
we're all paisaje we're up by 13 right
now boys you for the book club we're not
coming to any conclusions recall which
calm or calm were chilling we're just
nothings no society to shut up everybody
shut up Billy shut up
12 seconds laughing 99 84 for actors 9 8
first team to beat Cleveland in the
playoffs in two seconds in one second in
0 seconds we did Toronto I suppose uh
perhaps I'll see you game for hopefully
car side I see you there that they built
the Raptors one
random fireworks up as always
we don't know what we're after the neva
that's what I don't know rap you know
rabbit no no no rappers Go Go gopher
every I couldn't turn a prop again we
round maracas yo for every person who
ever forget laughs bringing Yusuf I was
like y'all Cleveland's gonna sweep them
and I'm to win one game shut your dirty
mouth okay I don't even care if they win
the series of course I care but that's
not what it's about
everyone was like you're not gonna make
it to the third round we made your third
on I was like Cleveland gonna sweep you
they're undefeated no teams in every
time we beat them shoot your booty mold
Raptors for days go to your calendar
right now and I want you my Raptors on
every single day because it's Raptors
four days
all right so claps took me to like one
of the highest parking garages and
obviously it's mad dark so you can't see
the mountains we shot a picture of the
mountains was mad dark but um this is
what stops where we are right now it's
very pretty
mad mods these are mountains in the back
can't really see them but they're there
I promise my Ness is Lorna all right at
the airport we took some dope
black-and-white pictures um house by by
Pablo for a while but I seem to come
back to LA soon or some stuff but uh
we're heading to Toronto for like five
or six days and re excited see my mom
and dad I've been dr. trauma so often I
love it and the bad news is there's no
direct flight from Salt Lake Station
Toronto it's like they're just one
doesn't exist so I was stopped over in
New York so I'm new traveling all night
not sleep at all I land it like 9:45
a.m. so the whole night I would be up
because like two hour flight stopover
like wouldn't half-hour play it's like
so my sleep schedules and I left all
over again but that's chicken all right
so I'm going to board my flight and I
saw this dope magazine it says let me
show you this real quick hundred most
creative people in business and I was
like yo that's pretty dope I would love
to like bring in creative people in
business that's dope and I'm just like
flipping through - OH
oh snap
oops does that me but then I'm like yo
let me just go to this page alright
remember the photo should I do the poppy
fields number 100 Lilly Singh we're
creating a unicorn business
if you want to check that out that's
what's up very humbled very blessed
thank you so much we in this together
but aboard this plane it's actually way
long of a journey that I thought it's
four and a half hours to New York and
then like an hour from New York
um I got a protein bar he's had a veggie
wrap I forgot to say no tomatoes so the
whole thing was full of bumbaclot
tomatoes tomatoes from the devil I'm
pretty sure ugly looking for this that
ready let go I'm such a fail I bought an
emergency road like emergency see cuz on
the thing the whole road was empty to my
greatness fall across the whole world
this thing doesn't move it's ok
hopefully the one sits here like this in
these two seats my cup my love's over
here but like I had a whole plan man the
whole plan by Jan coldest flight ever
had in New York I have a two-hour
stopover here I didn't realize it was
that long with the helmet of two hours
also my second play is an hour and fifty
minutes and I don't get why like 5-0 an
hour and presently two hours and so I
specially 45 minutes from New York to
Toronto so I really confuse this to why
the flight so on what is happening I
stepped a little bit but I'm so cold
but let's eat something is when in doubt
eat up
Oh Oh
it's actually not cold it's actually
quite hot outside summertime in the city
summertime in the six this is going on
that was crack-a-lackin' this time I'm
gonna take my laptop my laptop this time
we all stick my Nintendo with me and
pack a few things with me that's what's
going on
it's vlog from really long or maybe
really short or remember cuz the days
moved together and I don't know what's
happening with Mandy here um well they
call me el rato
today is Game of Thrones but the egg
wait that's for tomorrow's vlog where
I'm gonna end this vlog and start
another bug mom oh if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe let me read you
what my iPhone said okay I took a
picture of it because I've never seen
this before I'll sing in the shade but
my phone was slightly in the Sun and it
said this it says temperature iphone
needs to cool down before you can use it
