yesterday I ended the vlog on the same
little moving thing I'm starting the
vlog on the moving thing it's been one
second
good morning we're in Salt Lake City
I literally just end this vlog and now
I'm starting it because this is my life
Pablo's picking me up from the airport
right now I am so damn tired but I do
one quick rehearsal for a shoot and then
I think I get to sleep but I haven't
really stopped at all and I need like a
good five hours sleep right now the last
was going on
we're headed to baggage claim let's do
the damn leg status update we're in Salt
Lake City
Pablo's carrying my suitcase and there's
mountains oh it's beautiful
okay check this out there kind of in the
distance whoa check this out yeah Lu Zhi
doesn't mountains right that is yet look
at those right there right there look
they're not there they're right right
there
these
there's another mountain right there
yeah welcome to Salt Lake City everybody
it's always here homeboy the Jews jump
at one eye that was dope this guy built
an entire store for the shoot so he
rented up his place and like everything
in it he's built everything on the wall
to sign all these clothes like he's
built a store to destroy for his video
shoot it's like the craziest thing ever
so so so dope oh set youp operation at
JJ's sick dancer and she's a movie stunt
person she's in 300 as well in the
second one as Pablo told me that's
really really dope and she's really cool
and I saw global super abs and I was
like Hello so that's really dope I'm
just Pablo doing this thing am I allowed
to walk in here okay cool and I love how
I asked after sometimes it's easier to
ask for forgiveness than ask for
permission and remember that we had to
be cool and it's cool to see Pablo and
his work element because like he's so
into it so fashion it's just really
different from the things I do so I'm
passionate when I do stuff - by the way
she pays attention to do Chung thinks
he's talking about it's a really good
learning experience because there are
things that I will not think about your
practicing stunt over there and I'm
gonna sneeze in second it's time bye and
bye
for this bigger
really use them sneeze away right now
although I do have a pretty low death
tolerance
movie magic I'm stepping on something
welcome to my home for the next few days
Pablo went to this Airbnb that we're
gonna stay at it's really super cute
it's got this two kitchen it's natural
light he picked because he knew I liked
three things natural light heat and a
desk it has all of those things it's
really fun it's really cute um but you
don't know
and now the open concept why should
things look office is very cool very fun
I like it all awesome um I love it it'd
be great
we're chilling um everything is so cool
about this shoot like I'm I just so
different so awesome I want to be
friends with Jayde she's like beating
people up I'm like you're so cool and
I'm like miles away from you and I can
see your abs you're the coolest I would
just like to say I highly appreciate the
color of this bar of soap that has made
my day a little bit small things for
small things so humble kappa tell me
about this place I think it's called
buds a musher was a vegan sandwich place
I got a buffalo like a soy buffalo
chicken vegan sandwich and just so
freakin good
oh my god it's so good
salt lake city and also you're kind of
beautiful I'm kind of in love I okay no
not enough sleep
well Oh shower shower so just fish a
quick rehearsal here i just--i kid you
may recognize this I watched my birthday
remember Pueblo gave it to me this
sweater right here I just want
everything okay look I want this look at
this look at this it's a llama corn like
it's a llama that's a unicorn how me is
this I also really want this
I'll catch anything with cap in space
that's my jam that's my jam I'm about
that but this is how me is this table
want all of these things yeah you can
you can have me oh look at this it's a
cat from genes drones pretty much look
at that I'll learn it all I want it all
this guy see this guy work its magic
this guy's magic right here I'm learning
a lot even though I make fun of him all
the times being so detail-oriented and
so over-the-top like it's interesting to
see a different perspective and so like
I'll make fun of him slightly less I
think ever so slightly ever so slightly
I like being made fun of we're back at
hundred percent we're back at under
percent all right back at the place got
a little work area set mad cute
I have so much work to do my first order
of business I need to edit yesterday's
vlog because yesterday apparently was a
different day than today you know didn't
sleep apparently that that's still thing
so let's do much too bad that doctors
are my strong yet because I'm sleeping
nine eight day who sleep Jesse hang on
no sleep sleep is nowhere to be found
we're sleeping we're playing hide and
seek right now and I can't find sleep
sleep won the game after poo so I just
stepped down to screen queue place
to get some fried rice and vegetables of
tofu and stuff because I'm hungry and
it's adorable
I really like Salt Lake City it's was
super beautiful I'm about it can't seem
to get the heat any higher bread a
little mo with myself walking back to
the apartment and I just like yo dude
liliane see you're working really hard
and I'm really proud of you it's
important to have those moments I was
like damn girl the last few days you've
been putting in work good for you you
got to give yourself a high five
sometimes that's important
love yourself let's get back to work eat
some fried Ruiz okay in addition to
emails I have two major things I need to
be done one entire video needs to be
edited and one other project that's
gonna take a while it is 846 and I've
been just staring at my creature
speaking I like going like this and now
I'm officially saying shut up
let's do this it's so cold that's one of
the problems of the heats not going very
high and when I'm cold I get even more
sleep because I just wanna like shut
down so let's battle
look I am 45 going strong clubs bought
me a heater so the colds not issue
anymore feeling good feeling good you're
I'm earning my sleep tonight dough I
call time tomorrow is 7:45 so I told
myself I wouldn't be in bed by 12:45
which is two hours from now that way I
can get like seven ish hours of sleep
all right so I'm an hour late it's 139 I
was what's got about at 12:45 but this
is me with a pen right now crossing off
my complete to-do list for the night and
I did it in its entirety email that it
completely go through but none of them
are time-sensitive for tomorrow
everything that was due tomorrow morning
has been sent good job really good good
that moment you realize you still have
to add at this log
honestly I might do that tomorrow I
haven't slept in like I don't know how
I'm surviving right now I don't I think
was it a second or third wind right now
I might added this tomorrow because I
gotta wake up early that's why I'm
thinking let's go check on Pablo
Hey weak weak I'm weak no you know we
give very strong mmm are you done you
shot list uh yeah it looks like it she's
getting real good missed there was
something in there some are one of the
shots are missing hmm let's go girl done
yeah
nice slightly tuck with Lily and an
audience Salt Lake City is beautiful I
had a great day here at such a
productive day
Franken very productive day tomorrow
we're shooting most of the day I think I
have we ready and onset 7:45 so I went
quite early I did my hair because it'll
be easier to redo tomorrow because Jared
wants my hair like this is gonna be dope
and wishing for about 12 hours and then
after that it's video day and that's
going on but thank you for joining me on
today I hope you had a great wonderful
joyous day and I'm saying new lots of
love and lots of positive energies um
and yeah that's missile is that all I
think it's all hmm I think that's all
except for if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe subscribe
introduced to my date hello
I was the default cuz a lot of guys said
no that's not to be the first guy asked
am i yeah that's right you know what
happened was that and um
