there might be poo in my eyes good
morning I haven't gotten I've ever
washed my face or anything it's been so
long stuff started a vlog in bed so hi
hi how are you good morning good morning
sunshine the time is 10:45 I woke up an
hour ago at 9:45 I just had a call at
the call I did wake up for the call I
just didn't bad and was on my laptop but
um I did the call and went great I went
to bed at like 4:30 so five and a half
hours of sleep but I'm pretty up right
now so I'm telling myself to not go back
to bed because we all know how that is
going to add number to wake up tomorrow
and that's not gonna be ok so I'm gonna
get up and have some breakfast today I
am shooting a bunch of stuff throughout
the day I also have my ice age ADR and
interviews and photos so my hair and
makeup is getting down if you poppy and
ash they're gonna come over which is
great and there's also Raptors Game one
today statewide against Kraven I'm
inevitably inevitably inevitably gonna
miss a little bit of it because I'll be
coming back for my HADR but that's
what's going on and then I got a pack
because tomorrow going to Salt Lake City
which I've never been because fun fact I
was supposed to go to Sundance which
happened there
but then I was stranded in New York
refer to vlog where I was stranded in
the blizzard death of life and I didn't
get to go to Salt Lake so it'll be my
first time this is going on but first
let's go eat some oatmeal and some
vegans a sage no no no wait maybe like
four seconds
all righty fixed my bed ate some
breakfast
did the dishes kill him the game clean
the place drank some water and I'm
hanging up stairs to get to work
lie down let's gonna I'm gonna have a
layer of sleepiness on top of me right
now but we're ignoring that we're
ignoring that right now because running
it to work it's not rejuvenation Sunday
or else I could tape or not or else I
could take a nap i'ma hustlin I'm
hustlin I'm lost
no by the way I just want to point out
for all of you that like oh my god
sleepers sleep deprived I'm not people
like to yes okay this is today I got
five hours of sleep but I don't usually
I usually got like seven eight hours of
sleep what it is I just need more sleep
than other people I've learned this my
entire life all my friends have always
needed less sleep than me humble knees
less sleep than me sleep is on my
bigness weakness biggest weaknesses I'm
not gonna getting up not a morning
person
this is not how my body was made so have
to get a girl
yo I'm killing the game thus far since
we last logged I did a little bit of a
shoot outside the two shots had to do
what a little balcony one near the pool
I took a shower and now I'm thrashing
over the footage and literally with one
minute to spare as Renee and I shall be
here in one minute kilulu goon squad GF
Poppy's here
Ashley's your lashes lipstick though
like the way she does her lipstick
actually don't feel for some boss too so
you can come wearing boss no and as well
um just on point weird a to make me look
like like they're gonna make me look
like a lady or something close what's up
check the get up full unicorn sweat we
got unicorn earrings all right I got my
unicorn shirt on my yellow shoes let's
go record some Ice Age ADR I wear my
characters names are misty and bubbles
and I'm gonna taste right they're gonna
tell me which voices had to go to how
they decided which lines they decided so
so hope for the best
so I'm we have Fox Studios I want to see
a clip I'm not sure - you obviously cuz
your gap wait but I'm gonna show us the
clip with my voice as the characters I
have socks I as look at this full spirit
okay here we go ready ready ah dammit
well that seemed super
back here again I'm vlogging so we're
here with Lily and we're doing some EP
case with the mini corns so I'm sure
some pianists and Billy is like right or
the light said but Ashley somewhere
around here or you're on Fox Studios
excited for this it's an amazing
experience survives it wasn't pretty yes
yeah shadows whatever he sees oh good
good that's anyone do it fit chin up I
love this one good chin up last ones
good very big smile on this one and then
arms out around them on this one thats a
big smile shake ears good yeah perfect
cute so cute maybe I'm a baby's gonna go
there yeah you're gonna babies they
don't like your gang yeah but that's fun
because even if she's got that attitude
with these little cute oh yeah no
totally really many corns next to you
yeah
alright I'm home now rappers game is
started it's not going so well in
Cleveland is kind of destroying a
squeezings a very very good team let's
see what's going on okay a few things
number one I'm an idiot cuz I braided my
hair not remembering that tonight need
to shoot part of video I wish I need to
match another part of you that is shot
and my hair was not braided then so I'm
K my braids out and undo the crimp
that's what happened like might call me
on straightening it out I took seven
steps in the wrong direction
second thing Cleveland is working us
right now its second quarter there's
seven minutes left in second quarter and
there it's thirty forty nine they're
marking us so I told you Cleveland's a
really good team but
okay okay I'm so tired one two the
rappers are losing by so much there's
like four months up in the game best
informants it's 78109 it's like Merc
egde 110 okay thank you for correction
everyone I'm so I'm also so tired a few
the girls are coming over so I can not
on them just shoot a scene for the video
and then I'm gonna take an hour nap and
then I'm gonna have to shoot another
quick scene with d-trix and then another
scene and then I got a record a rant and
I had a pack and now we're nap needs to
happen I'm not even to tell humble to
wake me up because I'm really tired oh I
just fell asleep on the floor and do the
shot that you can do it you can do this
they're gonna be here in ten minutes you
can do this you can do this do one scene
and then take a nap it's fine you can do
it we can do it alright finished
shooting the scene I got a really really
resisters take a nap in a midnight in
about two hours I'm gonna go meet with
d-trix he's so kind he's me with him and
he's meeting with me at midnight just to
do a quick to second scene for my video
um he's so so sweet and I I'm so
appreciative that so that's what's
happening I've kind of started to pack
based off what Derek told me um to us
it's okay we're gonna hustle see what
it's feeling good these are all good
things being busy is a good thing
also I stayed you're so exciting I don't
get to talk about a prop it was so
exciting to the characters and like okay
I only have like two lines so don't go
you know expecting me Alex I don't leave
two lines but it's still really cool
it's my first studio movie it's still
very exciting so like if you blink you
might miss my line but like it I don't
care because it's still so special and
it's really really cool and everyone
they're so nice and so it was such an
awesome experience so I was really the
job here we go let's keep hustling
so we're heading to the LACMA lamps to
shoot a quick thing with d-trix who like
I said was so sweet to meet up with me
this late got the a one percenter tog
refer right here holdin it down
humble the poet my homie try to think of
a hashtag by the way I tried to a--does
is a pul ull oh alright
it's green let's go let me introduce it
to my date hello
I was the default because a lot of guys
said no that's not true the first guy
asked am i yeah that's right what
heading was that and don't are you
associate to come out anybody's friends
with them yes they're probably over
there boring like why we hello German
German youtubers German youtubers look
at them look at them look at them
they're so German but um dope thank you
so much this awesome these are lack my
lights by the way there's a first time
down the rivers I lived in LA for 10
years what's wrong with you I don't know
like four months but this is a very
romantic time thank you so this is good
thanks I'd like to treat my men right
you know men Clairol hello it's like
1:00 a.m. and were eating dinner our
life you gotta put the chips in the sabe
I mean get all crunchy get in there
that's what's up 20:47 am finishing the
last scene I need to the rent and I'm
gonna do it look at look at me look at
this face is the face of someone who's
gonna do it right now
alright this is the face there's a Nike
check mark on my face cuz I'm gonna do
it right now right humble I'm tired you
what if I take a nap and you wake me up
please stop please don't always party
from taking this I mean I did take a
10-minute nap on the floor today and got
up right away oh my god kill me okay I'm
basically shooting Thursday's video and
it's to do with my partnership with coke
I don't get to exactly what it is but
it's really really cool um there's like
a cool thing the cool thing and in that
video just know that I know my lipstick
is effed up because I'm developing a
pimple here and I didn't think it looked
bad in the mirror but on camera just
looks like my lipstick is effed up but
so when you watch it know that that's a
situation I'm gonna wash my hair because
it's just
sting right now I guess whatever product
we put in it to braid it is just so
super oily so I don't go do that and
only at zero sleep because it's three
something I'm gonna wash my hair after
pack still another leave at five so this
is going on but we can we can again you
can do he can do it they can make any we
can do they can do it I swear I blinked
two times and it turned into five
o'clock I don't even know what happened
but I'm packed I'm ready to go I hope
you forget anything I'm trying to pack
for Raptors game Selena concert shoot
going home different weather conditions
hopefully not very cold but I'm not
really sure if I finished packing
everything I need to have everything I
need but ride to the airport
let's go the point is in your hands my
friend you'll return to a fort that is
just as wonderful if not better than
what you left I trust you
love one of us trust me God anything
funny places car show nothing overhead
then
cellular telephones were not limited for
use while their purpose was do it
however one I'm going to sleep comes to
our cell phone feature completely if you
let it got on the plane 3 seconds passed
and we landed or in Salt Lake City I'm
so damn tired I'm gonna die
my the vlog here I don't know what I'm
gonna edit
I don't know what's happening we're in
Salt Lake City Salt maybe everything
with a french fries if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
first of all Lego Lego I'm up there oh
man gentlemen you were witnessing a
waste you girl there you're almost there
