that moment you forget you have bananas
before you travelled me to deal with
that my place is just around back in LA
the time is 1:00
I've actually been up for a few hours
now I did five interviews since I woke
up I got so many things going on my
place is disastrous I got all my stuff
here I haven't unpacked yet
I have clothing like this this is there
this is happening just I need to sort
all this out like I'm packing like
figure of my life in a lot grab but
Jenny's in a productive day I set five
interviews like I mentioned after the
dishes sweep okay we need to do a
housecleaning it's Saturday right
tomorrow Sunday maybe we'll turn today
into the cleaning day and all supposed
to be rejuvenation Sunday but you know
we'll see um today is Raptors game 3
which I'm very excited about that's
gonna happen a little bit actually quite
soon now I'm on PST and not est I got an
awesome gift from these peeps right here
actually the person who stabbed me for
the MTV Movie Awards got it for me
that's so dope I write this look look
what I ready ready ready the stylist
name is Sarah and she's the best I tried
this on and one they had was too big so
she ordered a smaller what is a complete
sequence top and I love it
that's really really cool thank you so
much also just seeing Gina 70 this prank
Academy certificate with some prank
Academy swag then I sweater in there and
a backpack which I'm psyched about if
you haven't watched yet my episode on
prank Academy has aired I basically beat
people up with chairs and plates and
ride off on a unicorn yes it's a real
thing
but that's what's going on I didn't vlog
yesterday because the travel day the
whole day or back in LA we're back on
the hustle this is the vibes we use this
chin Oh chin no chin engine and humbles
in the shower okay a halftime wrap
result by nine mad dirty plays go on
right now
was here you're a persecuted that's
right very very well today killing the
game kin the game I said a burrito
almost add some whatsoever
yeah everything I'm mad a little bit
like like this right listen to though
we're gonna house like half an hour
between the game going to be catherine's
half an hour it's not half an hour
straight double doubles in this summer
home so we thought it's like 20 minutes
isn't it playoffs no but people show on
and do really these that is that you're
right that is enough time to do work the
question is I wouldn't do it the six
foot points in getting the double-double
alright and a third die game those aside
I was not a good that's not a good
corner for us bow show
so our guy who like is wicked I rebounds
jayvees occur at all he caught injured
and he's out of the game and you know
there's been a lot of this heck we gonna
bring it back right now in the fourth
though we're gonna bring it back 52
seconds left we're only up by one every
game this series has been to the bad
heart attack
yeah 31 seconds left for up three yeah
the wall day for the Raptor seven
seconds left six seconds left
rocky why do you give it to a little
we one second left with three apples the
Toronto Raptors cake King Kyle Raptors
and series two one stone you know what's
up rap Jackie Schechter's this is a
Jurassic Park is at home so Toronto fans
are the best fans the whole league the
game that even in Toronto and they're
still outside the ACC watch the game
outside to get it was amazing it was a
little bit of a heart attack
yeah but the lhari just turned it yeah
we might JV not there but that's it
Jamie you can remedy Monday off to us
what stop wrap ties for the win I might
shake what I'm hoping is going to be a
30-minute nap look at this beautiful
sunshine be me into my place this is I
just love I love I love you don't
realize what a difference of sunshine
makes until you lack it then you come
back and you're like yes bathe literally
like bathing in the sunshine 30 minutes
two hours later so now we're at Best Buy
because I use my charger for my camera
into another video today and my charger
was not shipped from Toronto I'm
supposed to Dan shipping but you know
everybody like everybody like so it's
not there
my a charge from a camera a best-of I'm
gonna scope some TVs to businesses since
beginning of time I'm saving to buy TV
the issue is if you spin a car so we can
move around because I can't put it on
the wall there's no space for that so
that's we're gonna do today by charger
scope some TVs NASA was going out Oh
literally right through this video I'm
waiting this battery to charge such a
weight to my time stupid to day ship and
Ally I bet he'll I tell you ready shoot
this thing I'm gonna shoot the rant
first then it got a few skits to shoot
out for that believe this video is gonna
drop on Thursday so I'm shooting
Thursday's video um and that's what's
going on how is your humble be chillin
shouldn't work work work work it out is
going on almost cutting some TVs we
might buy TV tomorrow but with druvan H
on Sunday that's what up everything
cereal instead of dinner that's my
update life updates adulting
ready to shoot this video that I get a
little bit did up you know where my
relative my burn my round I'm holding on
in Russia taking a little bit do got
pimple here is all good and I'm let but
shoot this video which means humble
getting kicked out of this vicinity get
talked already finished shooting and I
was time to edit okay one of my biggest
pet peeves is moving lights when we
shoot like I hate humble so kind to help
me moving last when we shoot is the most
annoying thing look how it destroys the
place but they're just destroyed you
might not think is destroyed but I
promise looks annoyed but then I'm also
like annoyed at how long other people
take to set up lights so I just hate
lighting in general I hate lighting
videos it's my least favorite thing to
do
also check out humble snapchat well when
you check it right now might be too late
but he posted a picture wearing
Jessica's wig one second picture wearing
Jessica's wig hot AF I so humble the
poet and I we live a life where every
meal is a struggle we're basically like
hunters vegetarian hunters cuz every
meal is a struggle every time we were
like what do we do
so now we're going to Ralph's the
grocery store and buying groceries for
like the week because I'm not traveling
for a little bit you have egg whites so
right June 16th 2016 how much are left
paws a decent amount alright alright
here we go we got egg white what were
you going for this is not this for
dinner where you get the drive money
first on the boat it's the kid there's I
do this I'm sorry oh there's none left
I'm sorry I'm so annoying it's 1:00 a.m.
I'm behind for a Ralph's is crazy
everyone's crazy like us that's like
what is beyond crazy right just like us
we're all crazy
we got some good tip though I'm excited
oh the adult a adult adult consultant
has take any ult time is 218 I said a
mango my lipsticks all messy now and I
have to get back to work and edit this
video for jubilation Sunday and a lot of
work upon us I've been teaching humble
about rejuvenations Sunday it's so funny
is conferred every why because it's like
the do as much as we can so we could do
nothing tomorrow but then your
rejuvenation Sunday felt like a whole
bunch of work it's not doing I just
explained this 10-minute second does not
do nothing is do everything to reset
yourself for the week humbly make it fun
me a lot today well I'm sorry but more
responsible adult I won't please clean
on Sundays well my eyebrows didn't I
want two eyebrows on Sunday God the
number of times I drop my phone in a day
is stupid I don't know how it still
works okay check out this little
contraption I made for the video the
garbage can had to remain open it's
closed right now but obviously put a
weight on it on top of two boxes told it
open so that stayed like this I don't
know I was proud of that I thought it
was very smart my ashes everywhere I
think this whole vlog consisted of the
time my stuff was everywhere yeah okay
just shut up hey you you and you both
you shut your dirty mouth okay I don't
know funny well what things huh we talk
we little a Saturday night we're going
to get into bed edit this vlog are
tomorrow it has sided a billion times
I'm sorry buddy 1 times rejuvenation
Sunday I'm very excited because it's
much needed
I got a lot of work done today I earned
my rejuvenation Sunday's last of
tomorrow Game of Thrones tomorrow my by
TV coz when to go Scotty today castles
going on I hope you had a wonderful
splendid day
and let me know how do you spend the
weekends you have rejuvenation weekends
do keep working you sleep and what do
you do comment below and let me know
other than that if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe
