I woke up like this I woke up like this
good morning it is actually morning I
don't have a cigarette afternoon it is
like 10:45 I have a shoot as bottom
teeth and when Jeep that we're going to
periscope as well it can be very fun
my voice is clearly dying which is not
good because on Tuesday I actually have
ADR which is voiceovers again for Ice
Age so I can't totally lose my voice
which is not going to be doable because
today's also the rapper's game today
we're doing a shoot or pausing for the
Raptors game resuming this shoot is also
Game of Thrones also rejuvenation Sunday
but I also have a lot of work to do so
let me have a mixture of things I just
released my blog look what look what
someone brought to the shoot hello
the time has come
Game seven is upon us everyone stop what
you're doing right now even though when
you're watching so would have in the
future
sign interests and all your positive
energy faster I'm stopping photo shoot
and put a halt in my day to watch this
game to remind you if the rafters wind
today will be the first time in NBA
history history that we've ever passed
round two and whichever team loses will
be knocked out we're twinning it's going
down how you feeling
this is important wonderful how much is
woke up I woke up to a very to bottom
g10 a unicorn onesie yes and I wasn't
sure I was awake yeah still not sure
we're gonna make this happen let's go to
start it okay come on we're all by one
it's very close it's a close game
I feel like dros ins on fire
it's going good for only one up as close
yeah hi pop dejen right now one right
now right here right here right here
we're sick stop it's halftime we're six
up oh my god we might make history dr.
Jensen nice boxers like not jinxing it
back to you soon thanks again
we got Chipotle we got MBA well my six
wearing to the third all good things
happening all good things happening here
we go ah some the vibes send the lives
it's snowed in trial today by the way
it's a well it's a month away from
summer in this note that's how bad we
don't want the Miami Heat to be up in
Toronto right now by eight going into
the fourth we're playing so well there's
like so damn well we're up by 40 or 15
at one point I'm still mad time left the
entire quarter left
so nothing excited but the secret of
winning is having more points than the
other team
yes correct the key to the game seeing
the ball in the basket let make sure
it's the right basket yes yes good good
one thing I appreciate that the wraps
are doing right now is even when they
have a big lead they're not getting
comfortable
they had their moments with they're not
getting combos defense so strong often
so strong you go there in the league
even though they're in the lead they're
still hustling running really fast
making the shots I appreciate all that
ish hey Cleveland unicorn we're no
longer fun hey don't jinx that but touch
my touch black goes with the night night
yeah still whole quarter left I'm my
friend right now 552 left in the fourth
102 Raptors 86 from Miami brought by lot
but there's mad time left mad time the
ring we're killing the rebounds also
stuff right now we're killing the
rebounds
twenty two point lead right now do you
know a stop good ghetto stop trying oh
my god sorry it's the three kid no game
so the rapper this fourth quarter this
is twenty five to eight Miami has eight
forty four quarters three minutes left I
can't do math to see how much ahead we
are I may be that good a map to tell you
Rayna man has given up they've given up
yeah okay over y'all with Rhino will oh
yeah okay okay on the he older boom good
conned out I'm so mean I'm sorry
I thought we didn't make eighty seconds
left away from making history all I got
five seconds away remember this moment
three two one
Hey
right out what up history first I ever
grab your Smash Mouth do it Sunday
afternoon here and nobody else cares
except from you no we don't we don't
care we are bringing Toronto to LA right
now really run up another food
round three imma try so hard to go back
to Toronto for a game when we try so so
hard
Hey
yeah
what's up Bonjour nish come on Savannah
SHhhh ah ah amaz you FaceTime murder
you see that you see that dad all my
stars are lining right now because Game
four which is guaranteed is happing the
day after a revival in Toronto so I'm
going to revival and then I go to the
Raptors game the next day we should also
note that Cleveland's a very good team
is not about beating Cleveland although
I have faith it's the fact that we've
made it to round 3 that that's what's up
that I can't I can't I can't again again
again again again again again ok there
are these honorary Canadians right here
this board hello
Honora so cutie Santos poutine for the
Raptors winner not I do my boo the
postman's guy came to our house is yours
no I know
and then like cannot even bestbear
anything we send him away then we got it
back thanks nada hey you
hello thank you we got this crazy lady
yeah
dishes they done laundry getting dead
vacuum kind of dinosaur I didn't do it
but glass being wiped dust been removed
rejuvenations drop the camera
rejuvenation sunday that's what's up
Game of Thrones when I'm watching a
little bit I do have some work to do
though yeah successful shoot I think
Sarika a very success for success but
she doesn't see you soon yeah um and I
do have a lot of works detail but it's
ok Game of Thrones
alright the time has come Game of
Thrones lolis here humble Sierra
Blizzard attendance is do a lamb thing I
love this channel
I like I like a lot ah
Oh what to watch game with dolls I
totally forgot that like we're watching
it after it aired already so I was going
through Twitter and I read a tweet I'm
not gonna tell you what it said about
half of it so I know one thing that's
about to happen comfortable I forgot I
forgot okay
social media issues social media
addictions this is why be quiet you're
already not in my good books right now
why my cuz good you yelled at me about
the temperature no if you did what do
you think makes up for this he got
irritated because I said we got with AC
on no I got a real immediately you got
all mad and fats a little walk no matter
from is it inflicted as I know what
happened don't move so into the room and
let me see is it what number two I'm
like this is not going on what nobody
why they see what numbers ago I'm like
no no that was what happened basically
what was happening she was asked me what
temp how much time right now he was that
what temperature you come to leaving a
place that correct correct is that
correct for a number yes and I said I
wanted to see how it is you said what
number I'm like the AC is not going on
and you said what nothing nothing to
explain
good I said well you were you not
cutting me off I was saying I don't care
it on with AC on he's literally telling
me my own apartment I don't have a
choice and then I have to make the 10
choose a temperature and leave it at
that I'm like I did not move out of my
dad doesn't move into my own up yeah you
wouldn't tell me what temperature should
be however right no no can I say what
exactly happen and you tell me if I
ignored that fact mm-hmm I said what
temperature is comfortable for you up
here right and you said this temperature
you didn't say you don't control it
before you continue before you ask me a
question did I not say I just don't want
the a/c on no I did
and you kept asking as you said that I
would have left them alone what happened
was no no humble you're not remembered
what happened was nice
you like u-turn both the fan and the AC
off that's how started right you like
you turned everything off and I'm like
yes I'm feeling cold that's what I said
and then you said it does that not
happen that happened right that was
earlier no it was a nose as you were
walking to it we're sorry for fighting
was there for fighting we have agreed to
disagree on this matter and one thing
humble and I are very good at sometimes
you might argue very rarely may but we
get over it very quickly does been a
full three minutes later and we have
come to the conclusion that from now on
if an argument is over to agree to
disagree
so there are no hard feelings we're
gonna have a secret handshake gesture to
indicate that the culprit is over and
neither of us are mad tell anybody with
handshakes yeah yeah so if we're still
mad we won't do it to show her some
happen for both so if you're if you piss
me off then you do the an check now into
a bag that means I'm mad how much it mad
so nobody used to be passive-aggressive
that's the worst thing yeah and this is
what it is already
you're mad you can't make that I was all
laughing that's true all right Game of
Thrones here we go damn that episode of
Game of Thrones was Annette literally AF
oh my god spoiler for you not gonna
spoil it for you she haven't seen it I'm
not gonna spoil it for you no spoiler
alert but it was so good Queen full of
Queens
shows a good good basketball game good
episode Game of Thrones today's is a
good day today's a good day even though
all one do right now is watch a movie I
got some work to do so I had to get up
and do a little bit of work but uh end
the night with a movie we'll see well
see anything's possible
it's a simple Juvonen sunday oh god I
gotta fix my eyebrows it means in Phase
I moustache
Jewish in Sunday was short-lived it is
2:30 a.m. I've been working for past
like three four hours my proposed habit
was to piss for that's the deadline I'm
giving myself based on the work I have
to do and then I have tomorrow a dentist
appointment and have a shoot script
writing to write right now and it's also
video tomorrow and on Tuesday I'm
leaving town so I pack those things that
are happening for now 2:30 a.m. we
continue working
you I'm only two minutes behind schedule
it's 3:30 - I'm going to end this vlog
here so I can edit it so no try that
talk today because I'm not on the train
I'm on this seat but you can pretend
that the toilet
Diego's also leave in 30 minutes or
usually you know Hideko going bye-bye
but I am going to Salt Lake City on
Tuesday to meet up with him again to
shoot a video for his channel so that's
what's going on oh my and this log what
a freaking day
history was made Game of Thrones was
dope everything was amazing
humble I got into three fistfights no
big deal Diego are you ready to go can
you say bye to my vlog they're gonna
miss you you see him soon yeah season
like three days yeah we're gonna make
movie magic real movie magic I'm gonna
go build an amazing set Nez was going on
but for now if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
I like to meet you
