all right got everything I need to give
this young boy a shower here it has been
84 years since I've seen your well since
you've seen my face I am so sorry right
off the bat I apologize for not blogging
over the past few days I'm working on
something that I simply cannot show you
even I tried one day I tried I tried
blog being like doing some secret stuff
and then I was just mie the whole day so
the vlog was like 30 seconds long so I
really apologize I promise it's
something so exciting but I simply
cannot vlog about it so vlogs are
missing in the next week I apologize no
it's not because I'm just out here
slacking my body important work into the
damn thing you know here's the bidet
zoom three Saturday but we gonna treat
like a sweet day go through my inbox or
read a script practice some size for an
audition do my laundry
give Scarborough a bath pray for me take
scrubber to the vet to get a second shot
hopefully a little bitter relaxing all
that plus more right here first of all
can we talk about how affectionate my
baby is in the morning tickle my story
thank you call me I have never woken up
to anyone better than that I'm sorry if
he was an accent offender but I'm sorry
I'm sorry not sorry
also I just realized how this dry piece
of skin right here with my body be
falling apart I don't know I think it's
like the weather in earlier what it
might screen is so dry Emmys probably
cuz I drink no water but my skin is so
dry as I mean moisturize this issue
right now yeah oh I see it with this
little sneaker project going on I've
really had no time to like deal with my
house to do anything for us and also
this weekend is all about that I got to
relax but I got my ish together like my
floor is a mess have no clothes anymore
look at this sweetheart right here hi
baby hi Vivi did you miss team super yes
you did yes you did
look how excited you are look excited
you were mommy I missed team super so
much oh my
what a little baby also can we talk
about these custom balls for Scarborough
no big deal
what is no big deal it's all casual
right baby boy or a baby boy or a baby
boy what a genius smart boy what a
genius smart boy my heart is so full
going to Instagram seeing all people at
the March today I had every intention of
going the March day for March for our
lives in the support of gun control them
better gun policies and just all these
wonderful beautiful students that were
like yo let's freakin do something and
did something to prove I like if you get
together with an idea you can make
change I was gonna go this morning I got
home from almost said what my secret
prep school I got home more like 4 a.m.
and everyone else left at 8:00 and I was
like sleep-deprived and I couldn't do it
but I'm so so proud of everyone and I'm
sorry I couldn't be there but of course
they're in spirit and core support the
cause Mars frontlines you look through
the pictures it's like so many beautiful
examples of energy and coming together
I'm just so proud because started by
students that are passionate about
change and so if you ever feel and
injustice and ever feel like suddenly in
the world needs to be bettered starts
with you and if such as the change you
create so shout outs all of you you
don't know what I'm talking about
searching up hashtag watch for our lives
I'm sure you do it's all over social
media Big Ups yourself support 100 all
right got everything I need to give this
young boy a shower and he knows it's
coming you know that's coming because
he's behaving extra well right now and
he's thinking maybe if I just behave
well and wave at the camera
mom won't make me take a shower I get it
you're scared maybe I know you're scared
he hates the hairdryer and I get it it
sounds scary it's probably very scary to
me but the best I have to use a
hairdryer because he's so young he
probably won't be able to dry himself
off properly yet Mama's gonna have to be
strict and mean right now and give you a
bath okay baby
pray for me okay young boy listen I know
it's scary I know it's scary Mama's
gonna give you a quick bath okay then
you're gonna get oh I know he knows me
when I have to kill okay okay okay I
know it's so scary I know I know
okay it's gonna be five minutes right
team super okay that's two above a good
look mommy's here oh I know baby I know
such a good boy judge you're good boy
you're getting so clean you look at you
getting on
I mean Austin almost at almost done
mommy I hate you dry you up now okay
this is where the real fun begins good
shake good shake baby
good shake be really being so good and
so impressed oh my god you get to tower
learning that humble have two towels
what a good boy I'm gonna wrap you in
this blanket it looks like a sham out
because I think it's cute you did such a
good job
Chucho good job who did such a good job
all dry now you can fall asleep on my
man or showers make you tired why is
this happening to me why do I have seven
chins okay is it just me that really
enjoys seeking to lend a little in thing
of the dryer I know this is not
entertaining content but it's
entertaining for my soul give me the
goddamn points laundry done
so YouTube FanFest India was a few days
ago and here's the deal right I was
trying to fly to India and surprise
Mumbai with in appearance cuz you know I
love YouTube FanFest with my schedules
like I even messaged you to a message
fantasy message all of you like okay
listen there's a chance my schedule
allows I'm gonna slide in India for two
days and surprise but because I miss
India so much
what's the secret project not going on
obviously I couldn't do it but I did
send a video to surprise them at the
event but some really cool stuff I'm
doing with UNICEF specific to India
you'll find out about it soon on my main
channel but I just want to let you all
know in India that you cannot YouTube
FanFest I genuinely went as far as like
holding in my calendar messaging the
people to try to make a surprise
appearance I'm sorry can happen but
hopeless you seen this time has come for
the second most stressful part of the
day hasn't it we're gonna go to the vet
and Scarborough is gonna get his second
of three shots he needs repairable the
good news is I'm gonna check if it's
after this shot or the last one I can
find start taking him outside and going
on walks and playing with other doggies
here he has one shot it's not gonna
start kindergarten tomorrow as planned
but he's gonna get a second shot today
and we're so close to going on walks are
we bless you
oh no we are we alright Godspeed here we
go alright well the vet be trippin
because you told me to come and now
she's saying he's too young for a second
shot so no shot today baby boy we have
to wait until you're a little bit bigger
okay okay oh you're sleepy okay let's go
home what does that say zero beside it
muffs
oh okay I thought so give me the point
just let through my inbox as you can see
it was I'm talking like I went deep into
the inbox got to zero let's start whew I
need to go back to also made a little
bit let's do list Saturday we out here
working be small because even on the
weekend you need to put in work
sometimes and I'm doing the secret thing
that's taking all my time and I'm just
like yo time to work 2.0 right
Scarborough
working hard or hardly working I'm
alright alright I'm alright
mummy what ordered some udon noodles and
now I am going to read this movie script
hopefully can take me an hour and a half
that would be timing I'd be happy with
it's 7:30 right now the bowl is nine
let's do it alright I was slowed down by
some dog Chinese food but I'm reading
scripts still and I'm about to find out
my fortune all right here we go you
ready yeah
soon you will get the recognition you
deserve okay
I feel like I've been doing pretty well
with that so far but maybe it's a good
sign for my secret project flashback if
you hear any amazing news flash back to
this moment right here yeah okie dokie
9:26 just finished 30 minutes behind
schedule but that's okay interesting
script I guess I don't know if you
bought it but I wanted to see what's
next too much duelist my little baby boy
my little baby boy might bless you my
little baby boy my little baby cub my
little baby calf went about being on his
little belly oh my did your precious boy
I mean I want to bite your fingers and I
want you to rub my belly please can you
pick up my belly mama mama my belly
please look at this cute boy look at
this cute cute boy look at this little
boy look at this little boy lucky just
meaty meaty boy my boy look a little
little boy
to them
good yeah discovery was really not
giving a damn about where to piss today
they're gonna piss over don't piss over
there at this man car bro you're being a
bad boy but you had a traumatising
shower so it's fine tomorrow's first
in-home training session so we're
working on it we're working it's just
the work is he's so cute nosey you want
like me sure I can't pee pee all over
this I think I'm gonna put a face mask
on I shoulda do that right now
good burn so good this is a clearing
super mutt mask and tomorrow I'm gonna
use a hydrating mask
cuz I'm doing my secret project I want
my skin or mate all righty I just
pretend like I wash my face I wash a few
minutes ago that's why I'm it's not what
but I turn the tap to make it seem like
I did for the transition super
productive day I would say tomorrow's
gonna be another productive day I'm into
two vlogs this weekend because I missed
so many vlogs and hard for me to vlog on
the week days like I said I'll come in
week there might be more days where I
don't belong and I apologize but you'll
still have your Monday and Thursday
videos cuz you not bank that ish for you
son y'all live in the back in the day
when I make videos a day of how far
we've come fam where I can say I gotta
do something next two weeks alright as
Bank videos and it done drops hope you
had a great day tell tomorrow I love you
so much bye
you
