okay this one's would've worked with the
boom system top down AC but the cooling
system when you come to the club you
were blazing mouth got stacks on back
like saving up any ill you really gotta
get the right gonna be my cell cop he
was in the air but never like coach ever
the judge Excel another ship ship when I
make a trip ship kiss on a little bit
that's the kind of dude I was looking
for and yes we just left if you look at
all I mean excuse me you're a hell of a
guy I mean more like Pelican by me you
sunshine I'm looking at I like stick up
in the guys the thing in his are well
there's a lazing blogs today is sunday
rejuvenation Sunday but we got some
things going on because when I hustle
hard cuz we want to accomplish things
they're just this okay tomorrow today is
an exciting day I think you could do
something so cool I mean so much to me I
would tell you about a little bit but
first here's the missions you get my
hair and makeup done get dressed go to
an event close my inbox right a very
important email and I can't wait to tell
you about this I've got but first pay to
get ready it look like a boss but hair
makeup done that's change huh there we
go simple red dress mega hot fire fire
fire fire fire fire so what I'm deciding
to do is I know I'm where you're getting
stop doing shit I already know you make
a union man using you and your stitches
I'm wearing to heal us the red carpet
that have a backup pair of shoes for on
six what am i doing on stage good
question poppy great job great job poppy
say something to all the fans in the
language I'm super good the way that's
what do you say the animal team super
whatever you guys I'm going to the ACLU
honors and I get to present the Bill of
Rights Award to my sister from another
mister drumroll Gina Rodriguez I'm so
excited about and I cannot wait I was so
honored cuz they're like hey I'm one of
Gina's friends to present this award
from her and every time I've been to
other award shows and I see people
presenting their friends on but no I
really wish I could present one of my
friends I really want to do this one day
and of course the universe answer and I
get to honor do you know what just means
so much to me so let's go do that
banks when they started right here so
when my club and open up as I have so
that we do is all about no no it's okay
I can never thank you you're stabilizing
at the thought of it made her visit me
religious at you to abortion center
where she was a three-year-old brother
you know I've always believed that life
is mineral small gestures that have two
big movements and what am I gonna love
girl love this to fight will not rotate
by inspiring young women to stand up and
support each other so it's very
important for me to be here today as
Gina is truly one of the most supportive
people and talented genuine beautiful
Gina's energy to be sold in bottles like
you read up my skin
is full herself so much actors would be
more proud to present the 2070 of Rights
for to my absolute hero Geno Auriemma
what was no discrimination I had but the
actions of our current administration
has magnified the truths that so many in
this country view all non-white
Americans as second-class citizen as a
Floridian I am taught to identify with
Spanish American and I you know Indian
heritage but recently I found out that
I'm also French Dutch as having a Jewish
and preparing to receive this award I
finally realized that no one was
expecting me to know how to speak on
every issue and the powerful words that
this incredible woman can bestow on me
there are a responsibility a
responsibility to those who see their
own pain and struggles reflected in me
to all those who look to me for
inspiration I will make mistakes and I
will fail you and never stop trying to
make this country a place for people of
all races and ethnicities can do
what a goddamn magical event I feel so
honored that I got to present to Gina
because she is so deserving and I adore
her
got me calling which is so cool because
Suzie walking I was like yo and I went
up to moms like listen and I wanna
express this to everyone right now as
well as I listen in a world where social
media and like being a social activist
on Twitter is so prevalent which is okay
like I have hashtag girl of I believe in
using hashtags in spreading awareness on
social media what am i sometimes people
think that enough and they don't take
action their real life and like you in
an age of like hashtag warriors did
something and it impacted you in such a
way that like shook up your whole life
you half of everyone thank you for being
brave enough to do it because that is so
dope so so hard to meet him talk to
Maxine Waters he's just a good energy
all around I'm aren't gone and I
survived
I couldn't just tell you one thing real
quick Holloway I wore these heels the
whole time I brought backup heels I
wasn't old I was like no that's not that
bad I'm getting better I'm better
what you watch the movie was called the
babysitter it was a Bella Thorne and
came back home which we both really
entertaining really mother I've been
weird but really entertaining us okay
open days whatever right now but uh okay
I'm Milo John oh I am so excited because
when you're watching this today it is
soup Monday which means collab number
one do before is coming out here's a
little sneak wait can I even give you a
sneak peak I think I can kill one second
EP apparently jay-z and Beyonce working
of course but the other person is so
heavily in the collab and gonna call out
today I drew super sixty let me another
vlog fam sent you sorry to show you some
extra love if you're brand new you know
what the f are you talking about super
sixty happens every time I release the
video for 16 minutes 1 hour the math
because 60 minutes and hours the math I
respond to comments and i chat with
y'all and I want y'all make the question
spicy and do that back yo yo yo yo can
tell y'all a secret you're gonna want to
follow at Lily's same fans on Twitter
cuz I'm gonna let you know right now
when I drop that hot hot new new fire
you won't be following that account for
the down-low discount cause whatever the
app contest and all
the couch one fall screenshot do it do
it that stuff will give you two seconds
switch the window do what you need to do
follow the damn account I want y'all to
know I want you all to know that this
piece of popcorn just fell out of my bra
go how's your day going good even be a
good afternoon good morning Oh saw the
beginning of the ball take a second to
say yo yo dope cat tell us don't miss
dope how you and I may have never have
met maybe we have maybe matter being
green maybe I got to hug you maybe have
the honor of hugging your face but maybe
we haven't met we are connected to this
screen and I am part of your day like
that's crazy I'm not even know you but
I'm part of your day and so since you've
given me some of your day I decided I
can't waste this opportunity
yeah waste this opportunity with
nonsense I want to empower you encourage
you inspire you make you feel positive
make you feel like the best version of
yourself and so here is a montage of
adorable animals
I hope that made you smile you know why
because life is too short not to smile
that's incorrect life is the longest
thing we know but still
Evers bothering you today let it go take
a deep breath inhale exhale you okay hey
yo hey yo hey yo hey yo let's see how
many points we got today
darn it dunk with baby second vlog
without the time I know I read some
comments and yesterday ugh like there's
not the same without the time I get
y'all it's not that serious
isn't that a series it's fine also
there's some comments or like Halloween
which day it is how you not leavin it
hope your day is in the intro on every
single wrong you will still know what
day it is even if is not entitled
awfully trippin y'all I think that
series tell tomorrow if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe yo
you know what I love about this camera
right now is that see my teeth look
really really white like every time I
watch my blog I'm like damn my TV look
at Hannah white up in this mother and
not that white in person my teeth are
not that white in person but yo underdog
come come through crass commercial
