happy Beyonce day yo what's up good
morning good afternoon today we're going
to the Beyonce concert in this situation
why shoutouts to Amex access for hooking
me up with these tickets first of all
cuz I tweeted about it and then I got
tickets I'm so excited I feel so
fortunate and blessed to be the
situation
I participate cuz I'll make lemonade in
my mouth but we're gonna be on the floor
and I don't know kind of see how it
doesn't matter because I'm so happy the
way I'm so excited either to Beyonce's
concert before and if you know anything
about me you know I love going to shows
and concerts because I feel like it's so
important to expose yourself to that
type of vibe and inspiration because
every time I go to those events I take a
look around I come home and I'm like
inspired to work so hard so that's
what's going on I'm posting yesterday's
vlog all night know what I'm sorry I
haven't been posting my vlogs earlier I
used to meeting them at like 9 a.m. now
it's basically a lot of my people people
on my team are not here and there's a
lot of things trying to figure out and
that's where things recently have been
like ask Superman live has been like
very last minute with me telling you the
time and the vlog timing so I'm starting
trying my best and just like doing with
a lot of different things right now and
working on a lot different things and so
I'm just trying to like make everything
happen so everything will happen maybe
not right at the exact time supposed to
happen but I'm trying my best humbles
here yes and what do we find out about
the concert today oh yes good good man
humble I love it it's outside this is
knowledge to know because now I'm gonna
bring seven sweaters because you know
imma be freezing it's at the Rose Bowl
which looks like this it's massive Rose
Bowl they the Rose Bowls where they play
a really big football game every years
called the Rose Bowl never Rose Parade
rosy choo-choo that was cool asleep you
gonna have to trample to me like what am
i girlfriend I haven't I haven't I
haven't been to like a big proper proper
big concert I went to came pretty one oh
yeah Beyonce's
obviously and I should have to perform a
sexy honey so we don't ever been to like
stadium then doesn't even stake into the
arena I've never been to a
in staging yeah I think I've been to a
concert in a stadium for either
there's a massive dude yeah I saw that
exact spots going I want to work really
hard I've asked to put my lab today and
then we're gonna go to the concert come
home and work again because tomorrow is
juvenescence sunday after i we gotta
earn it me got oatmeal in my bowl my god
what a make up big a beyonc√© tickets in
my pocket and love in my art yo look at
you just chill in here chill in here
we're doing a superb alive and in true
fashion my nose is so itchy and red and
I'm doing my thinking face like that and
I'm I already got pin on the death of
the Pentagon dressed putting a marker on
the desk I'm eating popcorn up it's
great everything's going great
as of when laughs they're all here
they're being so patient 15,000 people
were watching at one point which is like
god I should that's you know I tried
have probably been funny if 15,000
watching but being myself so that's what
matters local program about em AHA and
humbled the poor record in your closet
and has zero FS given about your clothes
but I would buy what boys damn I tell
you boys then another question is how do
I create an outfit sorry how's life how
do I create an outfit that swag is F but
warm as f coz gonna be outside is
already chilly else on right now I'm
gonna take my shawl thingy but I need
like layers up in here I need to be
onion I need to make sure you over here
so we want to figure this out right now
cuz I don't know how I'm a little cute
and warm it's tough it's tough to even
look cute sometimes Rami hi yo these the
vibes just simple makeup nothing too
much I got my own a ponytail my hair
half-breed in this the vibes you know
you know you ready ladies let's gang
while making so the answer concert
doesn't allow purses and lauren brought
a suitcase with her okay
has like everything you could ever need
arrey she's the opposite of knew
basically what do you have in there oh
like every medicine you could ever need
man's chopstick headphones charger handy
you don't need headphones she's gonna be
liable she's not on a screen we've been
in this car for like an hour more than
an hour probably because Beyonce shut
down the city in the streets and there's
been traffic and like no one's moving
anywhere it's like the concerts are
eight minutes ago dj khaled is open for
so like he's 12 on stage right now but
it's a crazy
it's a craziness this traffic as far as
I can see find a - a part of creep beta
the power of Creamery though she's
strapped shut down the city all the
radio stations are like you're late for
the Beyonce concert oK we've got now and
we're walking we're pretty much missing
dj khaled but we're like we can't miss
Beyonce so everyone's getting other cars
and walking see we're all Canadian so we
didn't know we left so much in advance
oh we left oh no we went left really we
left like an hour and a half in advance
and it's actually 40 minutes away and so
I MSS cheese that girl knob and you're
some things like everyone else that
lives in LA knows to be like three hours
early it she's like pack like you didn't
come to ours so now we're like walking
there see if we can miss creamy Lego
okay so this weekend my feet are fine we
can hear all for the distance that we
think reality might be going on because
we hear it
stressful I can hear the Queen off in
the distance summoning me my feet
literally fell on fire
we made a shouldn't go on yet but this
is crazy place is huge
look at it
Oh
they started starting trying to get to
our seats
everywhere
I know you came
you can hope they came two feet
if y'all can go play tonight say I sling
if you sleep everyday say I play if you
damn good time to like say I sweat
to meet you
I was a spiritual experience and I'm
going to talk about for a really long
time as soon as I get home
I didn't think in today's day and age it
was possible to get stranded but here we
are basically there's only certain place
Uber's two people up and it's so far
it's been walking we're taking a break
right now I was sitting on the sidewalk
and there's just so much traffic where
all the traffic go one car go there's
just like a business the same situation
as was when we got here and everyone's
stranded and there's like so many people
sitting on the Kliq walking aimlessly
and sitting on the sidewalk so it's past
midnight and we're just riding here but
my eyes look real good in this phone
light so that's what's really up Laurens
gonna like spontaneously combusted she's
starving look she had a good okay that
was a survival mechanism urgency control
party good I saw her put the emergency
granola bar in her pocket is now gone
Sarah's here and that's situation
humbles sitting over there he's China
sit on the curb so doesn't hurt oh my to
the laugh of my half my hair's like this
now that's like this um its tangled
everywhere holy crap holy crap holy crap
holy crap
hope I can speak Spanish me beyond this
concert was so damn good I've seen her
perform live multiple times and I think
this is her best show by far it's so
friggin good the mashups she's a little
reggae dancehall section that totally
brought my scarbrow it was so freeing
good so back to back like very few
breaks so her stamina must be like a
hundred right now I was just to get I
just it was so good like it was so good
and so inspiring and so wonderful I'm so
happy I went I feel so blessed to
witness that because all about
exchanging energies it's all about
energies we all have an energy I got
little Roo Beyonce's feel the
rejuvenator right now let's go see what
humble thought of it
what was your review how the concert oh
it was phenomenal I realized I don't
need a man to be happy
look you got to love myself it was
really good that marry myself in her it
was she was her voice is no joke it's no
joke
there's not even a like a hint that
there could be something going on with
her voice like lip-syncing dub over is
like straight live and she's got like a
trillion-dollar voice yeah and she's
also Dan she's amazing dancing amazing
performer just like so good holy crap
Pablo everybody Pablo
it was just so good I'm so happy but
also took us two and a half hours three
hours to get home because no hey get
over no all the roads are closed so just
like Beyonce doesn't shut down the
street made people homeless just books
Queen toilet talk with Lily so much
purple came out of my hair like my
shower looked like a prince memorial I
swear to God there was purple everywhere
probably purple everywhere the morning
to UM
what an amazing day holy crap I'm so
inspired Beyonce's a queen it's just one
of those people were like you look at
the stadium filled was like
approximately 70,000 people it was
massive and it's like yo so warranted
like you deserve every similarity
because you're so damn talented like
aside from all other amazing things were
talent you can't question her talent
like her voice is just breathtaking um
but thank you so much virtually man
today a very very exciting day um and I
hope you had a exciting day and tomorrow
we're doing a shoot it bottomed deeth
Manjeet and it is also Raptors oh my god
it's Raptors game 7 its Raptors game 7
it's also Game of Thrones there's a lot
of exciting things happening I suppose
we're Juvonen Sunday but I do have a
little to work to do the shoot like I
said like a bunch of other stuff so
that's what's going on but for now if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
Oh
