how I see is gonna be a great day yo
what's going on good morning actually
slept in because I went to bed so late
last night
um Rock o'clock woke me up but I fail
the rock clock I did not wake up on my
head hard went up but I promise I got
better that the ringtones on that HR
don't by the way this like an old-school
ones like do you just bring it do you
smell what The Rock sing I was like ah
how could I not want to wake up to this
um I am headed downstairs I edited my I
write it I upload calm down who so
excited I release my vlog sorry I just
feel like there's good energy going
around you know a little bit gloomy
outside but um also there's this right
there let me zoom in Where's Waldo where
right there oh that's what's going on so
let me fill you in let me fill you in
what was popping because I'm up in
Newark New York and you're like what you
even do it lady mom put you down right
here
lay you down real gentle oh yeah let me
tell you about what's going in New Year
cuz I never told you I'm gonna be naked
sorry
hey Gil makes me feel like basically I'm
never creator summit the thing that
happened last year as well and Brad Katz
and I have the honor of hosting
brandcast which is very very exciting so
a rehearsal for that today and it's such
a huge honor to be able to do that with
billboards all over the place so I'm
gonna see if I can link up with Casey
and see if you can do some drone work of
me my billboards cuz Derek's not here a
lot of exciting things happening series
downstairs and we'll go meet with her
first I think she's chilling with Harley
all my favorite YouTube creators are
here all my friends here's me a dope
weekend a little bit of work cuz the
event I'm hosting is really big and
really professional and I want to eff it
up so I'm almost gonna link up with me
tonight and that's what's going on Al's
have a self tape to do today a lot of
things are happening but more
importantly we're smiling we're happy or
healthy I hope you're having a good day
and if you're not it's not too late turn
around we're in this together we're
gonna make it happen
oh this boogers my nose but that won't
stop me you doing
I'm sorry my favorite person ever I want
game by rappers tickets we think
happened oh all my favorite camera my
god
I know maybe I should get Casper back
this weekend so nobody said I'm totally
joking please no I made a new friend
rock tunes up he has two bats and I
prove all of it okay try my best and
then over here we got Harley cat high in
Canada half her life were just talking
with Drake like sterotypical Canadians I
needed to know I know she's a big fan I
was like Lily would you think of use to
I know a lot of people are giving them
grief for it but you know what I guess
people just haven't been in love or
experienced heartbreak I went to
Cheesecake Factory or gone to the
Cheesecake Factory and got into fights
and John is here who just walked in oh
she's my six oh my god some people just
walked in my six sisters monsters and
music saga my billboard thanks way
Oh what up what up what up I love doing
this environment so many YouTube
creators meetings will be polite my mark
ply for the first time I know so many of
you been shipping us a showing pictures
like this is what my fans do they just
Photoshop us next to each other so we
discuss doing something um I was Casey
what possible billboard truth and he's
so down so I had to drink water and how
many bees lighted such great energy I
have to memorize some stuff so I crossed
some outfits I've just checked what I'm
wearing on Thursday because I don't know
I'm hosting cement a lot of things going
on very excited but a lot of work to do
ah what up I stopped by audition pushed
and I feel like a huge ways when I drop
my shoulders now can actually have fun
and go to rehearsal go to the party
today's game one for rap so I can be
checking the score watching game and not
have to worry and have fun with my
YouTube friends I'm so freaking I
honestly the small things the small
things like I figure huge waves in the
froth my shoulder and we have fun now
they don't find other days I can have a
stress-free fun and I'm so looking
forward to it um that's going on where
no rehearsal got my funky drop crotch
clown pants on and I'm gonna reboot my
hair and then we gonna go that's that's
gonna be the damn thing also wearing my
name is line my teeth I'm starting I
want to just the bottom not the top I
decided when I have to speak I can speak
perfectly with blower on and then wear
the top whenever I can that's just gonna
YouTube done spoiled me all day every
day look at this robe I got you to roll
I don't have a robe in my ugly place so
that's actually doable decided well
since I got the box this is my name on a
panicked they gave me some bubbly as
well let's see what's in here
humble away for you almost I can pee
right now I wait for you to open it but
we gotta be downstairs I'm writing to be
in a second what is this was this also
water and it was this pinyon you are and
19 what wines or anything but dope right
Krispies alright now we have a hard time
when help me blood this real quick
alright creator summit Lilly Singh you
know what's up that's my name by the way
so now you know I'm here for me for the
creator summit alright told you actually
creator said you know I know what a
critics limit is is missing all the
YouTube we get together it's like a day
of inspirational stuff and it's like
last time there's Snoop Dogg that's time
Bruno Mars performed I know who the
musical guest doesn't everyone's would
ask me because I'm hosting and I've
always been like no I don't know where
does go notice secrets your mats you
could show cannot tell you either you'll
find out welcome to your perform to have
you here this week is going to be
action-packed checkers a
ghetto for details let's pay for you
this paper fill out paper humanity
favorite Magic Man CIS we got here
Oh even smash oh dang oh dang got some
converse what up hold up these are cute
they're clean these are mad clean Oh
that you two commas are here alright
yeah yeah hand treatment you all you can
around all time treatment do with the
hush coffee coffee soap all right we got
here what is this come partay huh huh
what is this when we got here
yeah crater summit chocolates humble I
think Severini want to look at look at
chocolate which one you're gonna have
one runner that stick to my collar
collar pet yo this is dope colored I
don't have you though I love metal Bank
on my own yeah I'll be very therapeutic
and a sharper sharper on top o bomb at a
dog coloring book of curse words oh this
is hilarious
that's pretty funny
haha that's funny I like it's funny
that's dope but thanks so much you can
meet you to the spoils you treat us good
I appreciate it by the way everyone
that's always like yo so we're on
YouTube have such like a connection I
honestly like I genuinely love you too
I don't think humble can vouch for this
like this is not even because I got I
love YouTube YouTube change you guys
grew together
yeah we grew together the platform
changing my life I love on my
ride-or-die YouTube thank you so much
let's go ahead brandcast let's do it
it is a total honor to welcome our next
guest to the stage it is until I would
do this and I look the only one that can
read the teleprompter I'm like you
reckon big mouth they have to make it
bigger for me every time I don't flick
the lights or every but like I'm my new
glasses
old people forms
so we are here in New York
Lily just wrapped up her hustle for
brandcast and I don't know where she is
but the Raptors game has begun and I'm
gonna eat her cookie because she's not
here to defend it
no really go cook it yo just rehearsal
went great a lot of talking on stage a
lot a lot of things are being said on
stage I got to practice a lot but I was
driving back right now you know to New
York City and I was like sightseeing and
stuff and i'ma do what
what's all up in this city and things
and let me show you a solid from the
city
Honda's here goes here these two guys
are fighting over me though
thank you yeah
bring the my arms really
no user one side out for yourself
okay
I love yo
let's see
all right bottom of the third we're
eight down eight now and ten down plus
squad
you got squad got mad squad pick it up
little Suzie show your hat I know why I
got to tell you got sex in love with me
because a listen I love my Canadian
subscribers yo it's not Canada this is
Toronto listening I get so much love for
my Canadian subscribers and I got a show
up that's what is cert let's go things
my buddy aggressive right now myself
ready for a touchdown baby yeah say this
right not anybody from the six they're
gonna win this series okay
congratulations you are not beating
Cleveland like you're not going to the
finals I'm sorry up from bed bay area
that bull yeah yeah oh we got character
you're not gonna you're not going to the
finals well I have to pick Susie over
here this is why how much time is that
the three minutes that lesson 3 ms left
four point game Toronto's down if they
want it the gotta get kids this mastered
this game to tumblr right now god damn
it five point game 40 seconds left are
you snake is the last time oh hi oh we
need to throw mine
Oh King there's no 28 second where babe
I have to believe it's over no it's not
all it's done back right now the feudal
they get a three-point game six seconds
left we're down oh my god no
woman he almost had it
four seconds left two-point game no
bouncing oh come on I'm stressed I'm
stressed depressed if he makes this
right here all right guys I've seen the
future - Ralph Aviles I'll still cuddle
you - sleeve is okay
Oh
I like for three point oh my god oh my
tongue yeah that was pretty cool it's
like a second there's no no that over
time excited oh just kidding it's like
all right so it's 90 95 myths over time
yeah Bessie's like what the hell is
happening
she's scared Raptors lose but it's okay
game twos on Thursday goddamn it look at
these pizzas no filter that's it
just that color Lyndsey's here I'm going
to please my spirit animals here we're
dancing on the streets of New York
yeah yeah yeah I'm doing up yeah I love
it
yeah like this I like people do we grab
this go get lost all out um oh my god
with his breakfast - magana my god I got
the falafels ready
power log mom pop con time is 209 we
took some great talks Youssef Suzie
d-trix Lindsey we're all chillin in our
room they just laughed momentarily and
it was great it was like good vibes oh
cool people Lindsey's like my spirit
animal she's miss Burrell all right she
said she's awesome she's so awesome and
we're gonna go to bed my humble pie be
doing some more work I'm gonna go to bed
Twilight's agwi Lily with the shiny
thing disco ball toilet ugh um
tomorrow's creator something and I'm so
excited because I really love hanging
off all these people so that's really
really job tomorrow after the Sun is
also the after-party so should be a lot
of fun and I'm looking forward to it and
that's what's going on thank you for
joining me on another day and I hope you
had a great stupendous wonderful day I
truly truly do couple letting me know
about your day would you
would ye did you try something new today
did you not did you sleep in did you
wake up early let me know and if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe don't like that subscribe from
how I land I'm waiting there 30 minutes
31 minutes 35 minutes 40 minutes my
bagon coming my beggars nor my mega sent
my bags on the back of a milk carton eye
bags missing bag ain't there okay so go
to unite and I'm like brah you tried to
my h2 air can then United girl in New
York was mad rude and she's like oh well
if you flew with Air Canada go ask Air
Canada and I'm like your flight was
oversold mother for my guy cool
