today we're headed to New York good
morning the time is 12:00
something kind of the afternoon I have a
call in a couple of minutes then I have
another call after that have to make a
video before I leave after that too they
prefer for half light at 6:00 have to
get measured right now bye baby bro
I was having people put reckless that I
admire truly that's a great idea I'm
going to jump on that cheese is here
also this is this my friends are useless
they come this day I wake up after them
it's totally fine it's normal they get
themselves breakfast they know what's up
they know what's up I'm about to measure
me for those outputs I need for those
weddings it's a great thing about having
cyber fashions on deck is that I could
disappear he has my measurements and he
can get my outfits ready well I'm not
here
that's what's gone in what I pretend my
friends are all getting married as well
I don't pretend that because you're not
getting married yeah yeah so never so
yeah yeah you're why don't you vendetta
it's like almost more like traveling the
day I'm against married I'm just gonna
have to talk yeah I'm just gonna have to
unfriend him yeah I don't need to suck
it I'm happy with why I'm okay chase got
my mom I'm hopeful Alvers Taylor will
adjust to my needs
okay so that I just you notice I hate I
tell to all my sauce as well
I hate being uncomfortable clothes I
don't pull anything down I don't want it
I wanted you to sit and Indian clothes
are like notorious the past Padonia
victorious for not being able to sit in
you don't need to do that actually
Thank You Jess I love you thank you who
does handsome yeah top of that area
definitely huh where does it come just
when you Andy's for you mean better game
hey again I mean waiting I mean all
right finish packing got my situations
right here I will call in five minutes
and head to the airport as soon as I
land in New York have to shoot a video
to edit my video for Monday on the plane
very very chaotic but um like my room
looking somewhat decent so that's a good
thing and I'm working on my old desk for
a couple of minutes it's it's hitting me
in the feels man um but that is what is
going on and I am its Dwayne's birthday
by the way
so you can expect a heart filled
Instagram caption just let's take a
moment to appreciate the being that is
doing the rock Johnson and he released
an app today that is like the rock alarm
clock or you can wake up with him every
morning and you best believe I'm
downloading the F out of that I might
just buy three new phones just
the outpour times God thank you for
bringing doing the rock Johnson onto
this planet and helping inspire people
including myself he's a great person
happiest to birthday to him sending him
positive vibes hoping that he's happy
he's healthy and he's feeling genuinely
good about his life that's it that's it
hi birthday all right just finished my
call I have another call like I
mentioned in a few minutes and sin the
car I really just like doing calls in
the car
he's like to pace around when I'm on
call and that's giving me anxiety the
fact that I can't walk around I'm gonna
be in a car and that's like give me a
little bit of anxiety also been so small
and stupid but I'm not too good like on
the phone so you know I'm sorry I broke
for a second I'm so weird I'm at the
airport chase just dropped me off my
mom's are crying okay at the house oh
because I am yeah but I'm coming back in
like a month in a little bit but I get
it you know I was home for six days and
even I feel a little some type of way it
was so nice to spend time with family
friends and like I have friends and Olli
but I like I don't have friends like how
I have friends here you know like how I
just lie on the bed and talk to them and
I can cuddle with them and like we can
talk about things and
a little bit bummed out to what and
sunny to electron toes begging me to
lick don't go sunny yeah right begging
me I'm a know when to be back but like
I'm just saying it's a little bit
feeling some type of way
also because I'm headed to New York I'm
not the biggest fan of that city as you
know it's wonderful and beautiful but
it's just like the energy stresses me
out and so what's going on but the dream
requires the hustle so let's do it
so let me go potty I have a mini rant
coming right now I went in the wrong
elevator huh this is stupid
Wow almost fell that motion no the types
of people I don't like mini ranch right
now people who think they're privileged
so I was in line waiting to check in for
my flight Air Canada flight and there's
two people that are like talking do be
better working so I did approach them
they're just working and there's only
one chaos that was you know the girl was
actually working so I was like okay cool
cool and I'm waiting waiting and I
Budds in promote from the back like
around other lines okay really quick
thing to ask you and they're like yeah
sure and they led him into line so yeah
he just booked this life I mean my god I
felt a small thing for booking a whole
flight there kind of staff said nothing
I saw me waiting in line no one said
anything you just butted me I'm just
like why do you think you're like from
privilege where you see me waiting in
line you just think that your knees are
more importantly yeah I'm not a type of
person to start no I shouldn't say
anything I was like you know what well
I'm a be unicorn about this I know when
to step in if I need to but like you
were not privileged privileged people if
you think you're privileged you ain't
cute that's it
Lloyd some cookies now put on this plane
to 40 minutes hasn't taken off yet
actually switched my flight it was only
30 minutes later was fine but this plane
is not taking off yet I just wrote it's
good though because I just went the last
40 minutes writing a post for Dewayne on
his birthday so I just downloaded his
app the rock clock it's so dope you know
he's like notorious were waking up
really early and I could working really
hard you can actually wake up when he
wakes up and get a message from him
or he's just like an alarm clock app
that doesn't have snooze so like forces
you to get up with sounds that he custom
created so opposite download a lot of
that and I'm so excited but um we're
still waiting to take off and I still
gotta edit my video and shoot one more
video for my channel so it'll be a long
long night but if you like tomorrow I
can sleep in a bit I'm not sure so I
might have to pull like a late late
night we'll see
larger electronic tensor question no I
was asking University from Jabra she
stowed you on glory of electronic places
should be set to airplane shoes
Thank You Ashley also in my ear but type
earphones connected to the aircraft
every human system maybe one hey done
actually thank you
I should so rude god mmm I love you just
that you mean a coffee thing Ashley's
bilingual up in display made it to New
York's lap the hallway has just added
when I was trained myself fall asleep
Sue's plane takes up well the truth is
the plane took like 45 minutes to take
off and I couldn't take my laptop on
those forty minutes cuz it wasn't read
and take off heading taken off yet so I
wanna sleep either way it's not that
late I'll get to my hotel edit this
video upload this video and not sleep
like I'll fail every single time I come
to New York with the exception of one
time something goes wrong the city hates
me I can't find my bags I don't think
they put my bags on the correct flight
just puttin that out there
Roka stress honestly Air Canada s you
matter bad I would beat you I hate you
so much
they put my bag on the next flight even
though I triple-double Krupa confirmed
with them I'm gonna be on this flight
first it was oversold just on the slight
now descend on the next one and that's
like an hour and some time away from now
my drivers are you waiting for me so I
don't know how the F Minna bag
all right once you know when I get to my
hotel room the moment I walk in there's
gonna be such an immense large
catastrophic air canada rent
you should prep yourselves everyone
should prep themselves awesome like oh I
I'm gonna render but a rent but I'm
feeling way better because the drive to
the hotel I just saw so many massive
billboards with my face on it and then
ones I haven't seen before so once I
haven't been printed with like Jessica
and like the dude and like there's one
outside my windows right now I'm looking
at a vote of myself in yours it's just
they're really nice and they're really
crazy I'm like that man really happy but
that doesn't mean here Ken we're like
that in this jingle where's the light
what are you you like okay okay let's
talk about your kinda real quick a guy
or kenner you are the king joffrey of
airlines I swear to God you want my arch
nemesis an OSHA sticker right now you're
gonna be sent you Lily why don't you
just stop taking Air Canada I said it
before and i'ma say it again it's
because so many flights are Air Canada
from Toronto it's very difficult to
avoid them because I have a monopoly in
the airspace there and that's very
annoying is what happened right hi my
original flight was on United so I go up
to this guy I knows very very nice guys
up counter he's like listen we oversold
the flight I'm so sorry
I'm gonna put you on a flight 30 minutes
later with air cannon but you know it's
fine you're very nice I can see this is
not your fault
dirty - not a big deal sure of course
he's like let me just transfer your
luggage and make sure luggage gets on
that thing I'm like yes can you just
please make sure that that happens mr.
United man he calls the okay i cooled
under then then me being proactive
because I already know what's up I
travel a lot there you know what some
people say yeah and they're all like me
and you know they say yeah I know they
mean are we given up because not our
luggage so I'm just like let me be
proactive up in this thing okay
so then I'd go up to the air Kanak yes
I'm with him this is already been double
check - one triple check here are my
baggage tags this is what happened can
you just call and confirm that in fact
my baggage is on this new flip this
girl's like I'm hanging it after you
know ignoring me and let him give a bug
to bug me in line she kept calling cool
come both take skipped
yep they have both bags they're gonna be
on you're fighting like art for sure
just me triple checking yes for sure my
great tell me how I land I'm waiting
there 30 minutes 31 minutes 35 minutes
40 minutes my bag and coming
nor my mega said my bags on the back of
a milk carton her bags missing bag in
there okay so I go to unite and I'm like
brah you tried to my h2 air can then
United girl in New York was mad rude and
she's like oh well if you flew with Air
Canada go ask Air Canada and I'm like
your flight was oversold mother my guy
cool I go to Air Canada the girls like
locking the offs and walking I'm like
hey can you help me check ya the next
girl will help you
oh wait 15 minutes of next girl comes
alright this goes complaining about the
last girl she's involved with me and her
drama telling me or drama I cry don't
need to hear about your coworker drama
what I need is my suitcase up of her
that's what I need okay
then she's like searching up the stuff
and yeah no I don't know where they
are
I'm like why what kept you who what you
you don't know you don't know where they
are
would you do that bag tag it has a
number as a barcode scan that dig I told
me whatever mother thinks her she scans
it oh yeah no I think I think think
they're gonna be on the next flight but
can someone drop my bags off to me
because I have a billion things you
Rayna she's like yeah no we can't do
that till tomorrow I'm like okay when is
the next flight land hour and a half
from now I had to wait at the airport
for an hour and a half in addition to
the first 45 minutes already waited
waiting for my bag just to get my bags
you know a double triple quadruple check
why why why why why are kind of why why
you hate me I hate you hate you forever
you are just horrible horrible long
structure I got my bags I'm in New York
and my face is on billboard so
everything is fine who do you sign I'm
saying look at this adorable pillow
making my damn day over here it's cha
you know the little things I must say
you know there's two room options there
the hotels are so nice they new avoid
sort of like showed me two rooms like
which one has the better view this one
has a Buick Anne see this right that one
had a better view but other one was
smaller and I know humbles gonna stay
with me for a few days as well so this
is the room actually really like it why
desk desk heat bed us literally all I
need I don't mean anything else I just
need death any times on books a hotel
Makai need to be fancy only nothing I
take desk a bed and heat these are the
only things I do in life and I'm very
happy I have all of them
this kiss pull right here okay that's
just bonus points right there you know
check check check check check check for
you wondering everyone's like wash your
hair doing that I basically take my
braids and I tie them around my
so you have these ends that's why it's
like that it is 1:13 and I believe ya
1:13 am uploading the video and that's a
pretty long video though because they my
parents and sister are so cute and I
went to include so much stuff I don't
record one more video cuz I gotta send
it to someone for approval which I
really don't want to do but I'm gonna do
it because I have to do what I don't
want to have to build a tripod and
everything and then tomorrow I get to
sleep in a little bit but I'll start to
record at Edition tomorrow Hummels gonna
come help me and there's a lot of
memorization for this call probably the
most of ever memorized first script
before is so much memorization so uh uh
I need some more water you'll get some
water
I'll be here I'm packing my stuff like I
do if I stay at hotels for a while and I
thought this was a cupboard but what you
say with your five self asked me I knew
I forgot something at home I forgot my
camera charger and battery in Toronto so
we had this battery that is in my camera
right now I don't have battery powers
left Oh with us absolutely nail this I
don't patronise I can't make any
mistakes crap as much as my parents
saying to like mail it to my apartment
away right away
time is 3:20 I finished all the Asia I
need to do I feel comes breaking up for
no reason right now someone to wash my
face and deal with all that ting go to
sleep at a dislodge wild things Deb and
hits blasting cell toasty warm up in
here you ain't got no goosebumps which
talk my kind of goose bump yo we're
talking about Matthew
well good Matthew ain't got no Guzman
Matthews over there just freaking like
yo Charlie tag realllly thank you for
joining me on this emotional roller
coaster of a day with chaos and
traveling and airline you know as much
as I travel to some things I'll never
get used to I could travel a thousand
million times and my baggage just lost
each and every time I'll still be
infuriated and when someone's rude to me
I'll still be infuriated all over again
so I'm feeling good I'm happy with my
hotel I'm happy to be here I'm here for
some YouTube related stuff you'll find
out more about it tomorrow but I'm
excited during the daytime but we check
out my billboards and stuff like that
because they're really cool I kind of
wish
Pablo was here to shoot some stuff with
them he's not aa phenomenal at this log
head to bet I hope you had a stupendous
day thank you for joining me on my
journey in travel it's like every time I
saw the title my legs Asian orders if
you liked it subscribe if you liked it
subscribe
we haven't made this fight we win this
it's been 15 years since we've got past
the first round 15 years oh my god
holy crap
Watchmen yeah okay oh my god
