weirdest sleep ever so I was just
telling homeless 12:30 I woke up by 10
did work for 30 minutes then stupid me
was like oh but your alarm is like not
set for another 20 minutes just you know
wake up in 20 minutes 9 I wake up for
like 1/2 hours 12:30 but actually cook
at 6 initially because I had a
horrifying nightmare and I knew that and
so my option was would have this
nightmare I was freaking out like this
and then instead going back to bed I got
up and I wrote it down because I'm like
this would make a great horror movie
like the premise for a horror movie you
know so dope then I was awake for an
hour doing that because I thought if I
if I don't write down I wake up I might
forget the dream completely like right
now I don't member what about at all but
I feel if I go to my notes I would make
oh my god
so that was my sleeping experience but
today is a creative work day humble is
the sweet making breakfast I'm having
some vegan sausages some oatmeal
possibly some grapes some white ah
what's at create a birthday Raptors game
5 series is tied 2-2 so they need to win
and what else is Glen Campbell that's
good a little bit of a headache but
beyond that I'm feeling a little better
I feel this food is gonna be dangerous
huh game-changer that's just going on
this is that humbles get mad bonus
friendship points today Matt bonus
fracture points oh you got me baby
oatmeal mini vegan sausages caramel
situation going on
it's a hotel hill from here that's right
that's right
what's poppin homeskillet was poppin
what's Papa what's poppin this pimples
are popping ah not that we've done but
we got more time oh ye and dropping me
while I'm blogging at Tim actually dirty
used him to my somewhere else mmm Josh
just the F up Josh I just finished a
call a multiple take a shower
he remember taking me I am Pitt kidding
me nicking clean yeah I'm them can I
have another call when I get out and
then it's work on a work one right here
and then it is Game five let's read your
announcer voice Raptors Game five
against the Miami I'm so bad at this
okay basic to YouTube alright so humble
and I are gonna be the chef's that we
are and we're gonna make like a teriyaki
stir-fry situation yes sir of us have
never made this before never made it but
when it happens it's gonna have broccoli
cauliflower green peppers red peppers
mushrooms and tofu and some whole wheat
and that's what gonna happen
Lego oh my go he's eating so he can
prepare to make food to eat I'm gonna be
cutting if you got some tofu no red
peppers green peppers
you got broccoli left heights I've got
mushrooms up in here okay we got some
whole wheat spaghetti and we got some
teriyaki sauce that's what's up
we better make the damn thing happen and
the goal is 35 minutes they're tipping
off for Game five we will be in our
seats eating by that time so Q cuz
humbles like dying whatever no the
camera come you like yeah thank you you
know sometime there you see people's
baby and you're like everyone else is
saying it's cute but like you think it's
not that cute this is our creation I
don't it's kind of I mean bless us for
having food and all we're grateful but I
didn't think we made this right we was
first time I'm making tofu we're gonna
wear to see I don't know we're gonna
figure it out
humble is not giving me any brioche oh
he looks he's just straight up being
like we stay holed but I feel like I
know I'm pretty not I don't know I feel
like I'm sure shot me
I like it you might not like it it's
pretty no you might I put a lot of sauce
I know didn't see my rap is so much
sauce yeah it's good right
way better than I thought it would be
that's a boss I'm here hummus your
lollies here game 5 is starting and I
was gonna fly back for game 5 so I
blocked off my counter be like flying
back home cuz in Toronto I'm actually
deciding to fly back for something else
next week so I did not fly back and I'm
kind of devastated I'm out there but
they need to amaze me how it works it's
the best out of seven the series is tied
at two-two
so whoever once it has you know that
competitive edge and that lead to them
we need to win it's Game five but we
ain't playing no games is what needs to
happen it's real it's not a drill this
it's not a joke Legos I am so pissed
that I'm not there touch block I'm
soaping they're doing so good the rocket
right because they never had its 23:8
they're so good it's nasty when
someone's this good like that not even a
 nasty bro oh my god the turnovers
the rebounds I steer the urging Lacey
alright so it's three minutes left in
the fourth and we're up by five and
fives not that much but it's not that
much so we had a lot of injuries marbles
and some is all mush up wack went recall
we're only one a seven eighty eight one
point I can't listen to minutes left I
can't I just BRB I can Larry the three
or up six 52 seconds left in the fourth
89.95 Toronto Raptors 22 seconds left in
the fight song that's it that's it
three two we win the next game and for
the first time a trappers history we
passed round two holy crap holy crap
when is Game six someone took me right
now Friday
god damn Friday I don't think I'm
booting fire I'm gonna clear I'm a whole
day right now I'm letting one
celebratory song before we get back to
work
what song you suggesting the ending of
two good why not the whole song but but
it's a break before you start to work I
think we regret not doing the ozone we
lead in the series right now
that's why oh wait wrong song that's why
cuz we too - good man we're too good
seems like that does happen
but is 11:30 p.m. mad work is getting
done mad work like so mad it turned me
into a sheep and now I'm like meh hey
I'm so lame um I'm about to take a quick
shower because I'm gonna shave my legs
because I got myself a sued it's not my
regular guy those my regular guy just
won't even shave because he's so used to
me but it's like a new next guys I was
like by a Nazi but also I just feel achy
cause it's so hot so I'm deke shower
soothe but then I just took this off so
much work to do I have approximately I'm
gonna say three to four more hours of
work to do I also have to wake up at
9:30 tomorrow cuz getting my hair and
makeup done because I have a shoot
tomorrow and an event tomorrow and so
that's what's going on I'm going to take
a shower and then I'm gonna get massaged
sounds great let's do it okay I just
kinda side so hard
didn't I became what do they just like I
was like please God Jesus Allah I am
broken so I was excited about please oh
I am broken I the beginning was like oh
yeah that's like a little bit harder do
you think okay nothing you forgot and
like I like I was in the room right but
my arm was in Toronto like he took I
touched my body I'm pretty sure I wish
about everybody like I'm sure it was
good for my health point of view I'm
sure whatever toxins were in my body
like what running out my apartment but
it hurts so damn much yeah he also had
big nails hmm so he there's one thing I
backed I was like okay people are gonna
think I had a wild night but really I
just had a massage from someone who like
basically looks like Thor you can't look
like you I'm broken oh I missed 3 a.m.
I'm getting sleepy but I still
have like two hours of work to do but um
I killed myself at four I will go to
sleep because I have to wake up at nine
and then you know these five hours of
sleep for my long day tomorrow but
tomorrow I'll have a two and a half two
and a half hour gap in which I can
finish that two hours thing I bet
am i speaking English like Pablo just in
the back posing he's just in the back
leg yeah oh look at this cash that's how
he was relaxed yeah you know that's how
we that's how you see was what are you
working on Webb's working on a shot list
shot list in a script here is again a
shot list in a script I think you said
what say you said he's reading a book as
you was doing a few shorts look what I
found I was gonna send this to you what
did you find
Oh Jett smarter what is it it's a
private jet how much's wants me get a
private jet for his own needs
she should don't you really should get a
private jet from my own need totally
talked with literally I cannot even
fathom that I need to end this vlog and
then edit it before I sleep but it's for
something I don't look for 20 or
something I gotta wake up at 9 give her
her makeup did someone go to bed I
didn't completely finish out to finish
but I'm hoping to do tomorrow during my
two three-hour break and that's the game
plan the Hustle is real
it's been real the last two days and the
realness will continue
ain't no mannequins over here just real
air you know me I'm sleepy and weird I'm
sorry I don't know what to tell you I
just when I get really sleepy oh my word
if you liked it subscribe if you liked
it subscribe and today I think when
you're watching this like today I'm
gonna make a little bit of an
announcement if you like it I don't know
the words but I'll pretend
