I'm in milk stinky like my body good
morning good afternoon that's like my
new thing good morning afternoon good
morning
just kidding off it's his afternoon I'm
about to have breakfast I just had a
meeting actually I already done a
meeting came back obviously eating
breakfast before meeting I have an
unhealthy person that doesn't learn her
lesson
and wakes up three seconds before every
meeting she ever haves but I'm having
Cheerios bananas with some almond milk
I've never had almond but before but
humble is assuring me that it tastes
wonderful and so that is what is
happening humbles getting a lot of work
done over here as you can see you seem
like good I I'm gonna eat the cereal and
then I have an interview and that today
is a creative work day it better be
because I canceled everything else I had
today to make a creative work day so may
have no choice no the time is 6 so 6
p.m. I've just little been sitting here
and working a lot of work done humbles
been sitting you're working
nothing eventful has happened besides me
sitting here and working I'm about to
have a Clif Bar and that's exciting I
also just ordered a very healthy
Chipotle rice ball so that's also
happening hope you're well my gun pop
gun alright checking my rice ball here I
got lettuce I got brown rice I got black
beans I I got the heaters I got some
medium salsa and I got some lettuce
ready say listen remember I got some
guys that cut off my hair my bad but
that's why I got no sour cream no cheese
tops what's up this is the vibes right
here and I'm just like singing a love
song God must have spent a little more
time on you I like with a humble about
tacos and otto rice both he has changed
he's changed why not watching why do i
why do i know you're right we could you
can't face him by yourself I suppose
disappear our thing was to share and
then somebody went all SH man see inside
of the chick neither always wore
me to my own devices I'll have to get
talk so we got a taco that's the same
size of the rice bowl and probably words
Mizzy oh my god I did the same things
yesterday I've been vlogging for like
four minutes and I didn't press record
it was America's first time god I'm
getting so much work done right now and
it's awesome and it's the first time I'm
doing this though you know I don't know
the words but I'll pretend like I know
what's going on I'm seeing the
watermelon new watermelon
nobody but you body but me body but us
bodies together I love to hold you close
tonight and always I love to wake up
next to you I love to hold you close
tonight and always I love to wake up
next to you so we'll piss on the
neighbours second I'm doing is just not
as good I guess I don't know I think it
was already good to hack okay I swear
when I did the previous clip I did not
know there was a whole issue surrounding
Zayn you don't know about it imma
briefly talk about it I'm not gonna
mention name a person shell up he
mention cuz I don't believe in giving
promo to people that are seeking mad
attention but basically not tidbit of
information about me
although wants to put one loved person
and I'd like to have a lot of patience I
when I when I do get my buttons pushed I
get like enraged by some things I have
to like talk myself out of me like okay
it's fine for example I get really
enraged with injustice like the Ke$ha
thing enraged me
people who write racist or like
homophobic things or like gender
inequality like all enrages me when
people say things to me I think I have a
higher tolerance because I guess I make
videos on the internet I deal with a lot
of hate comments like I feel like I've a
thicker skin but if anyone's ever say
something or someone else in front of me
that was like homophobic or racist like
I get enraged like enraged and so
currently on Twitter there's a person
who shall remain unnamed who's like
tweeting so many homophobic racist
things and they mentioned Punjab which
is you know I'm Punjabi that's the area
of India my parents are from and so
they're being super racist and I was
like every part of me wants to drag them
because I know I have the ability to do
so but I promote what I love don't bash
me I hate so instead of taking the
person and whatever I was just like hey
I love Punjab Curry's great I'm Punjabi
and that was my you know but um yeah I
just wanted to bring this up because I
think it's important for us to remember
when we see things we don't like and I
think I mentioned this in my head would
not be a jerk on the Internet
it's no secret that people do mean
things to gain traction people will do
main mean things start trending on
Twitter and then start promoting their
album or some crap like that and so you
really got to think humble tweeted I was
a really good point that was like hey
so-and-so made homophobic racist
comments now they're trending promoting
their album who's really winning
I think it's important to remember that
when people do things like that the best
way you can not contribute to it is not
to tag them not to tweet them not to
mention
because you're giving them more
publicity and that's what I've tried to
do and I'm just putting that into the
atmosphere I just wanted you to learn
that about myself like if I ever was in
a situation
music I'm waiting I'm sweating even
thinking about it I was ever in a
situation where I was out with one of my
gay friends and someone said something
homophobic and offensive to them I feel
like I would lose my mind like I feel
like I would be instantly enraged and
just like lose my edge I'm very like I
have very little patience that kind of
crap and so I just had to like bring it
down a notch bring it down a notch and
get it together but like I can't believe
in 2016 people are still at wack
honestly just get together where was the
present record I better have been
pressing record god Ken yo I just like
mad work has gotten done today so much
work the time is almost what time is
it's almost 2:00 a.m. I think it is 142
how does my foundation get all over
everything I don't I just don't times 1
for 2 I'm gonna edit this vlog I'm gonna
read some stuff I'm out work out my arms
a little bit maybe do a few leg lifts so
my booty is like kind of okay before
that I'm gonna sit on the toilet and
talk to you these are the things that
are gonna happen Pueblo is here clap
we'll say a few words please here grab
this make it your own am i recording I
am here okay good
yeah Negatron oh hi guys
oh hey look look at this shirt I
dedicate this point up Oh nailed it um
so I just been done preparing some words
all day that I wanted to say to you guys
because I love talking to a crowd so I'm
so sorry just cut it all out yeah I did
I didn't prepare anything I do I do i do
love gibberish humble is always sick I
told him that's the other Thai music no
no man he's sick again humble is always
sick I was just a tweet humble and like
dude sort your life out he's always sick
he's always sniffling you always see
what's wrong with you I mean to you I'm
so nice to you today I was so nice to
your guy trick I bet you're Clif Bar I
gave you a Clif Bar I also
I bought you Chipotle yeah so I was
listening to NPR on my way home from
from the office they're talking about
optimists and I think that pertains to
what we were talking about the other day
and optimists are happy because they can
reframe bad things as that they're going
to be better whereas some people think
that if you plan to be disappointed you
plan for things to go badly then you can
only be pleasantly surprised when they
go well but um the study found that
actually optimum optimum reframe bad
things to sing okay this this can be
good because in that remind me I'm like
oh that's what I was doing okay that was
my nose my thought I'm sorry I just cut
it out no you have some confidence would
you men I understand that I agree I'm I
would like to believe I'm an optimist
the issue is not optimism the issue is
that if we go outside right now and
Dericks in a t-shirt and it's minus 100
degrees and he's freezing he will not
just be like I'm cold and I knew Jack
you like I like being cold
that's the issue when it affects
problem-solving so humble and I were
making fun of Derek because he can be so
tired and he will fall asleep in his
chair like repeatedly and he will refuse
to go to bed he'll just sleep in the
chair and then when we ask them why
don't just go to bed you're falling
asleep he's like no I'm not hard it's
like the lack of problem-solving that's
what it is I'm really good at
problem-solving he also does thing we
just says things things they're true I'm
hungry
I would like a mango he's in my thoughts
today late tackling Lily I'm sorry if
this was a boring blog I realized I just
been in my apartment for the whole day
talking to you about nonsense and just I
had a really productive day though like
I did a lot of work so I was a lot of
like computer work and stuff so I feel
kind of bad because I know a lot of
other vloggers like do exciting things
and sometimes I'm just sitting in my
apartment but I have a feeling that you
guys might not mind let me know I'm
sorry I'm sorry my days aren't always so
exciting but I'm working on exciting
stuff so I hope that's okay and I hope
we can still be friends
blog channel friends I'm gonna head to
bed maybe a little bit of reading before
I head to bed tomorrow is Raptors team 5
the series is tied 2-2 so mad stress was
also a full-weight work day and I just
wanna hope you had a wonderful splendid
spectacular day thank you for joining me
on my day and how select continues
tomorrow if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
