what a prank Academy no good morning
good afternoon I had a little bit of a
sleep in but I went to the prelates was
fine woke up edited the vlog I didn't
edit it last night against coz I was it
wasn't that I was lazy I was really
tired but also my hard drive was
upstairs humble was sleeping upstairs
this whole thing of situation so edited
just now
I've already had a call since morning
two calls actually missing you're very
productive it's Monday feeling good
feeling awesome humbles making some
omelets and some vegan sausages I
believe and that's what's going on Diego
went to work Diego's you're shooting
something hello good morning TV and
that's what's going on all the great
news New York people have my underwear
this is so awkward and so odd like
they're gonna ship me my bras and
underwear back and I'm just like that's
weird that's kind of really sort of
weird but I was like there's just so
much of my stuff I don't want to rebuy
it so if you have no idea what I'm
talking about I basically left all a lot
of my underwears and bras and shorts and
all that you probably with my Spanx to
be honest in the New York hotel and
there should be a back to me now lucky
dancer right now humble ray with the
30-minute meals to the game now what we
got cooking up we got cooking up okay
green pepper red pepper and mushrooms
okay I might add my secret I can't tell
you guys about the secret yeah very
descriptive as you can see very
descriptive pretty much stuff you can
tell you about and stuff you doesn't
know what they are of a Cooking Channel
oh it's not sure really what does that
say bumblebee home whoopee - what's up
it's gonna be a productive day Raptors
game 4 is starting in an hour and a half
I'm gonna wash my hair and - excuse me
TV sir how does it feel having lost you
Lilly once again I'm not we deal how
does it feel any thoughts any comments
from yesterday now that you got I'd like
to sleep on it any thoughts at all boom
we thought that all I need that you have
even one thought no thoughts and there
you have ladies Joe and speechless Oh
just took a shower wash my hair clean my
back to do all that Tings and now which
time get to work rappers games in 30
minutes but we don't work and watch that
and in a couple seconds we're all
sinners knees alright game for the great
thing about a TV is you're working
you're working you put the TV ever you
want game for let's go let's go rappers
rappers a end of the first half halftime
we're nine points down which is like the
biggest lead Miami's have this whole
series I think little bit stressful or
eating grapes everything's fine
grapes do make everything better yeah
grapes are pretty damn good there's less
than 10 rows left in the game it's tied
they keep going back and forth it's so
close it's so close is 6664 9:30 left if
we win this is 3-1 in the series and we
only need one more game to win the
series they have to win if they don't
win it'll be tied in the series that's
no bueno
a minute 30 left we're only up by two
mattress and mattress
Laura's oh wow he's like a dope for our
Dobis players he's the dopest whoo
you know Dave he's not there isn't a
little game you're not there DeMar
DeRozan is put in the corner you know
playing very well today basically
probably that don't know basketball
we're talking gibberish well basically
are two points that were only two points
up we're only two points off the
referees are not on our side we're in
hostile territory
if we win there's a very high chance
we're gonna win the series
and that has the Raptors have never in
the history of anything correctly wrong
in the history of the NBA
the Raptors have never passed round to
the phone
they have under some google searching
yes I was correct they've never made it
background correct Google has perfect
yes they've never made it past round two
so we win this year's be the first time
in history yeah I refer to a party here
we're gonna throw or Dino's no yeah with
all the creative people we know so like
us three people to meet up there's 12
seconds second is a tie game oh my god
longer second oh my god it's going into
over top of everything our you come back
defense out of this oh my god oh my god
oh my god it's over we had this game we
asked up last minute after us now the
series is tied two-two that's that god
damn it
Superman humble the poet chefs right
here is what we are made some yes and
imma just vegan spaghetti with vegan
meats got a whole wheat pasta got a
little green peppers red pepper little
mushroom a little chili flake la but
she's in the arrow from background back
here yo yo you humble if I'm better at
you in monopolies you'll wash the dishes
real quick anyways girl work on my
videos super fund a video on tickets
past 9:00 p.m. I mean I do the damn
thing yet and we have to do the damn
thing right no you're mean oh yeah you
know time is 1118 I just finish reading
my script is a little bit of a struggle
because I've been around very long time
glads is here yo look at clubs webs is
all up in here I'm about to record this
rent and guess what's gonna happen I'm
gonna do my makeup and then I'm gonna
kick these two out and they're gonna go
cuddle in their rooms and leave me alone
if you're going to go to pimple here
don't go to people do you know a great
start I love getting pimples
that's what Derek does so in the most
uncomfortable situations Jeremy I love
being cold
like I love coughing no I love when
people break my heart I'm just trying to
look for the positive in this situation
something bad I was like hey you know
what the positive part about this is so
god man is little side button reason
being you a lot of people like why keep
doing your hair like that
I just can't perform on with my hair
open this is on stage this is front of
camera I'm just so much more comfortable
my hair's not open if they call up on my
neck not taking them a little side but
I'm going to mean in your neck taste
that I love so much and I believe it's
that time goodbye goodbye yeah we're
gonna have fun also who pops a pimple
right before the record me I do that's
who I do I do that
that's what I do my my body waving hand
emoji naive my lady
it's just finished recording I'm
sweating it was so hot in front of those
lights and I also like put some cream
underneath my makeup and was I gonna
believe you man I look so like shiny and
stuff so like really attractive very
attractive video it's also a documentary
about a model from Milan yeah cash okay
I think I just was talking to the camera
for three minutes and not recording it
hold on I was just talking for like
three minutes and now I'm gonna do it
all again and pretend this is the first
time I've ever happened hold on
yo first time this is happening the time
is 1:30 3 a.m. so I got along working
out ahead unless my videos uploading
Diego we realize the desk is not big
enough to do this times covers they just
happening
the desk is not big enough and so he's
using the laptop saying yeah I like not
having a desk wait I was the first time
we have his company's your oh yeah and
yeah your to say what why you said the
Garfield play your role oh yeah yeah so
I take it back the other day I did say
when we were in India that I like
coughing but I meant it in the sense
that I like coughing when it signals
that you're done being sick because
you're coughing up the phlegm quality
vlogging I like poor vlogging first time
I made that joke wait am I looking good
today kidding though the first time I
made that jumper around that dinner yes
and when kids meeting up the lighting
when one necklace and the thing go
personally with a magic humble 2pz off
no flame though my god
eat your asparagus and ting it is 247 am
I'm gonna end this vlog here so I can
edit it and they're gonna watch an
episode of Quantico and the compromises
that some Knights will watch chronicles
some Knights will watch fear the walking
day correct he's acting like he doesn't
care who's discusses for 20 minutes
there's bad guys that can my teeth um no
toilet talk we're talking I'm sitting on
a toilet now and I just finished right
here you see it I see it I see it you
see it it's so funny
that's so funny I'm funny
I had a very productive day released my
videos types of uber drivers check out
the links in the description if you
don't know now you know every Monday
enters me release a main Channel video
page and check out that ish and ting I
hope you had a great wonderful inspiring
day now
not stuck in your teeth because it feels
weird and yeah if you liked it subscribe
if you like it subscribe
I like subscribing there's some TVs like
there's skull hi-def where they confuse
my eyes because it looked better than
real life and it kind of throws me off
and I can't be dangerous story then
because I'm just like whoa holy crap
that looks so like I feel hi-def should
only be for when you're looking at real
stuff documentaries sports I don't want
to watch the big story using hi there
these peppers peppers look better
goddamn that should be on a runway right
huh goddamn
