yeah hate mornings
but makeup artists stay downstairs but
to get hair and makeup done heading
downtown to do the social so annoying
because you want to rent the drone so I
was like Derek you'll get the drone
while I'm downtown though we need a
Canadian to be there physically to get
this jobs they have to go to downtown
come back here to get the drawer then go
to downtown again it's like the
stupidest crap I wear I'm just like okay
whatever and also I just realized for
social I have no idea what the hell I'm
wearing I didn't think what to wear it
just occurred to me right now I have no
idea I just checked pictures of the show
it's mad fancy I'm like what the f am I
wearing we all know my shaving my legs I
have no idea
no idea how cute is this braided makeup
blend Studios killing game don't mind me
I'm just laying on the floor in front of
my heater because I can't deal I can't I
can't do anything but I'm so tired
you just hold cold I'm shutting down I
really need to sleep side changed a bit
in the plan today I was supposed to go
downtown for this shoot come back here
to pick up a Joe and then go back
downtown and I'm just like okay I need
to edit this Drake video and also like I
might just shut down so I've decided I
want to stay home at the video then at
night later on we'll do some night shots
with the drone because yeah I just I I
know my limits so sometimes at least but
uh there's 40 minutes left until my car
pickup comes I'm gonna sit in front us
heater for a good 10 of them and then
figure out what that f all morning is I
know I yeah I don't give enough I'm
about to be the most casual person up on
the show right now this is my vibes I
don't care I'm going as myself I'm not
stressing about my outfit because you
know what it's one of those things where
hopefully my personality shines more
than my outfit I just got that like cool
vibes like yo you know what's up girl
next door chillin you know you know you
know it's gonna be myself I'm not fine I
don't care
I want to be peer pressured into like
wearing dresses and freaking heels and
crap like that what's that did
everything bike into the car yes is it
it's like what I did why judging me yo
Joel your problem jewel it's quite over
there Joe
all right he's pretty good ever I take
some selfies now though she is over 8
million subscribers over a billion views
and just 27 years youtube sensation
finished probably the most fun
interviews I've ever done fun to
appearances I've ever done I really
enjoyed it was a super dope we're
heading and we'll go rent a drone now
let's go so at this place renting the
drone right and literally all my spidey
senses have gone off all of them because
this guy seems so mother Athens sketch
I'm gonna tell you why right now hold on
so please so sketch cuz we get here and
it's like brand-new like nothing's in
there I'm like did you guys like me from
somewhere else yeah you were previously
across the street and it's a rental
place and then we have one thing to rent
the thing we want and I was like okay so
I forgot the thing that to charge credit
cards so I'm just gonna like take a
picture of it whatever I don't like okay
so I like read the contract early and I
was like of course there's a security
thing on my credit card anyway so it
doesn't matter but I was like something
about this seems sketch maybe is just
the guy I don't know I have a call now
so I'm gonna sit in the car and do this
call well thought little finishes
renting this drone but stay tuned if my
life is getting scammed or not alright
back home where my Aussie Aussie Aussie
sweater is four o'clock I'm about to
edit the F out of this video and get to
work it's a vegetarian chicken curry and
do the damn thing we didn't end up
getting the drone because it didn't work
and then the guys like oh I was on call
and whose time to Derick and the guys
like oh it's not working but I think
it's like the area so they come with
this like I'm gonna go get it checked
out and then we'll drop it off to your
house if it doesn't work if it works if
it doesn't work I'll refund you and I'm
like ah no how about you befriend me
right now
and then if it works you can drop it off
to my house so sketch long story short
we don't have a drone but it's fine
because the drone actually it's the new
drones but by the way you don't know
what drawing as drawn as the camera that
flies that you can shoot the things in
but it doesn't work in certain parts of
downtown like it's restricted in certain
parts the stalker will just not even
function so who decided we're not going
to the draw
and the sketchy guy just turned me off
it so we're just gonna use it regular
camera first we reading then later we're
gonna do some climbing and some some
kind of dangerous things we've been
adding the drinking forever sweet
fabulous helping me but the difference
between sweet Pablo and me is that sweet
Pablo color corrects everything and like
makes movies and I was like dude we need
to upload he does like perfecting the
smallest things and this is where we are
very different people um but he's very
sweet he's helping me does 9:30 you said
you'd be done by 8:00 how about babies
no I really like that fun totally fine
that's beautiful that's all right
they're beautiful yeah okay all righty
as it is 10:19 p.m. we've made the
executive decision to go billboard
shooting tomorrow not today because we
just finished a drake video I love it I
think it's great
do you like your pubs I really do he
really does laughs and Derrick has the
most recognizable laugh ever because it
sounds like an earthquake um so yeah um
so we're gonna do I need a day of
rejuvenation so I'm gonna like deliver
more work
let me chill out a bit maybe watch some
Quantico uh-huh and then sleep you can
get a lot of sleep then tomorrow we're
gonna do billboards and some other
shoots that's what's going on yo okay
two videos up everyone really likes it
I'm really happy the video I've watched
it like you don't even I like a video if
I post it and then I watch it like five
times after I watched it a bazillion
times I'm really happy with it um
Derrick shot it so great
chef Sevan let me to cameo your humble
Yolanda Mattie I appreciate it so so
much chose to fouseytube Youssef who
inspired the video with his stuff great
says so I'm really happy with I hope you
like it I just bought drinks album about
take a shower or something poop where
did that poop let's go poop monkey
imagine that's gross huh
listen to Drake's album a little blush
liberal Quantico oh you know what I
probably can't watch Quantico because
I'm in Canada because you have to watch
on the ABC website and probably working
Hannah honestly
I love Canada but there's way too many
us Canadian divisions that a lot of
people don't even know about for example
iTunes can't use my itunes account it's
just so strange like I have my US credit
card I come to Canada my counselor just
to the Canadian iTunes Store and award
accept my American credit card anymore
it's like the craziest things so these
stupid little technical things like that
and it just makes things so complicated
widen your god that's but life thing
going on but it's cool nothing we can't
nothing I can't finish I'm sorry I have
to poop goodbye as I was saying sorry
the heaters on hasn't everything what
was the thing yeah I pulled from UNIX
Jarrod oh myyy my mom was like I'm going
to the mall genie anything like yes yes
I do perfume body spray hell yeah I'm so
excited
I'll smell wonderful lovely so the
perfume that I really like about what's
broken up okay it's some princess by
Vera Wang that's the perfume it's my
favorite perfume
which is strange because I'm not really
like princessy but it just smells lovely
got my visit lion I haven't worn the
black a day and a half but yeah with me
don't let joy be I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm
sorry
how do interview today that's tough to
do gonna do it you're gonna do it I'm
gonna do it don't do it gonna do you I'm
sorry I think this part was quite short
I don't remember what I've logged
because there's a lot of like I'm gonna
do this I'm gonna do this just getting
out and do it but now I'm gonna do it
that's kidding I'm still I think we're
gonna go now no meeting popcorn oh yeah
a popcorn I want to listen to drinks
album I might have to slug tomorrow
morning I just really need a good
night's sleep someone listened to his
album fall asleep to zalem sleeping
maybe edit the vlog then and then
release it then Kapow it's Friday and
we're doing a bunch of shoots we're
gonna do the Billboard shoot tomorrow
and we're gonna do another shoot for my
channel tomorrow that I have to kind of
write I have the idea I'm gonna have it
written out Suns going on I'm so life
Jay it wasn't really eventful I'm kind
of just like drooling
but you I love you I think you're
wonderful and you're really pretty yeah
I wanna be your friend so if this vlog
is like 30 seconds long or 12 minutes
long I don't know I'm Sally but tomorrow
isn't an exciting day if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
so yesterday I met this wonderful human
being and named Yolanda she has a
channel called having he had a cake in a
store I had to kick how to make it how
to bake it all that Tings and I would no
sweetie be like did you mean you gave me
that I did and actually the Cameo my
video oh she's so sweet awesome just
like a natural actresses all by the way
