honestly I couldn't be any less of a
morning person good morning oh I got a
couple hours of sleep last hours of
sleep I am doing a shoot today and I'm
gonna give you a hint it's Drake related
because Drake is releasing this album on
Friday and that's why I'm killing myself
and hustling to get it done because it
is a time-sensitive situation and I'm
really excited about I wrote the
creative I think it's really really good
Diego is gonna shoot it I'm doing two
scenes before the screening two screens
apps two scenes after screening an
estimated rap time as if we're all on
schedule and all good 1:30 a.m. I just
suck I'm in the morning like every bit
of hostel have everything it's just so
difficult to get started in the morning
my body's just not good in the morning
my eyes are puffy and they burn and I
can't do my makeup my nose runs my body
aches I just the mornings are from the
devil like I just can't battle choice
some just get ready head to the place
we're putting shooting the first scene I
got her screening today a lot of things
are happening I don't v mentioned I'm
shooting a video today it's Drake
related I'm sleeping I remember
and then I were doing two scenes and
then this rig inning and then 1:30 rap
time and then I'm not a morning person
and then what else oh yeah so I'm doing
this video today it's Drake related yeah
testing that I'm doing videos drag
related yo just redoing my brains right
now because I'm trying to look I tweet a
few days ago being like can transform me
into drink cause I want to actually get
transformed with how candy would
transform me type of thing and there was
no one in Toronto that did that so I'm
still doing the video just nothing
transform which they dress like Drake
but obviously with hair like this it's
hard to look like Drake's hair so I'm
just going to do my bottom braid
situation we're talking little tidbit of
information so right now I'm so stressed
this is how I get before shoot days
where there's a lot to done
I'm literally like how extreme anxiety
just like how every single and now I
have to as I'm doing this talk myself
out of it it's an important thing
because I'm not naturally like really to
like em but when I do shoots and stuff
like that with work and super was tough
I'm not I know it seems like a really
chill and like I'm just easygoing that's
above I give off a lot of people told me
that I'm not naturally like that like in
the morning
I'm stressed as laughs I have a bad
anxiety and I have to talk myself out of
it that's why I'm very big on like being
your friend talking to yourself being
spiritual being self aware because I
really every day have to like talk
myself out of or into certain situations
and make sure my mind is ready to do
what I have to do my mind doesn't wake
up ready so it right out of sweating
it's like freezing but like sweating I'm
like oh no my Lily stop it's going to be
great
the only thing that's gonna make it
grades if you're patient you have a
positive outlook if you're not freaking
out and I'm going to like prepping
myself mentally and I think that's I
just want to share that because things
don't know is coming actually I have to
also talk myself out of being sad
earlier in my life you know had to talk
myself into being happy and to loving
myself and it is really important to
understand that if you don't wake up
feeling a certain way that doesn't mean
you can't feel a certain way you got to
work on feeling a certain way and that's
like I look through a lot of my shoot
dates that are really crazy I just talk
to myself and mentally prepare
everything takes preparation right
including your mentality and your
outlook on life so that's my little two
cents as I braid learn who's who I
needed it and I want to see me rise up
when I leave it
was assigned racing was a sign that's a
great shoe ray Diego yeah positive
thinking productivity patience teamwork
yeah yeah and to do it so good your eyes
met you sure that's what I give us
namaste up kissing oh good good sup asou
boy Drake couldn't get a makeup
transformation artists are just like I'm
telling me to Drake Tia's here here's my
star actress in the back of this video
um in Diego's here being all handsome
shooting stuff and it's good um we're on
schedule we're doing great
it's 149 we'll kill him again killing
the game right now Jersey Drake you know
what's up sick side back to back Sun so
hot how lucky I am the two days in a row
trees in a row I get to be with the stud
muffin right here Oh YouTube with you
pie Lily he's not so dopey Trek all this
way like we're nowhere close to where he
lives there's chocolate on my camera I
wasn't mine I swear oh he checked all
the way to where we are symposium by the
way dope restaurant that always holds it
down for me and he came so far just to
be in my video he killed it was so Q&A
40 minutes it was totally worth it you
know why best sick side right here and
friendship and friendships with satin
unicorns in the video and a beer today
today unicorns and beards that's what
that's what's up that's uh
I almost wish your hair was like not
braided cuz it would get we could do
this oh my god I could be like real like
mustache Dollaz kind of great alright
I'm just saying I works I think it works
I did it thing we are so on schedule
Pueblo so on schedule today's scheduled
mad Pablo where Pueblo everything's
Pablo right now oh yeah um we're just
doing so well and now we're heading to
our screening this game is D
I'm not tired you tired alright turn the
game
name said this many times before him say
it again traffic in Toronto is horrible
so there's one highway called the DVP
Don Valley Parkway we call it the Don
Valley parking lot because it doesn't
move it's just always horrendous it's
horrible and so everyone that's like oh
my god ally traffic ally traffic like
this this right here this parking lot
that's actually a highway horrendous
horrendous she's in the Class A Team
stuck in her daydream so how important
is it to get popcorn and skittles so
Sarah's old that's my job
sorry dude sorry no guys no one knows
what I do anything what do you do what
do you do I make unicorns yeah oh yeah
she's my mother
um I joined you're squeezing very small
and intimate it's a very cute intimate
setting in the YouTube space and
everything skittles and we have popcorn
and it's gonna be cute whoo that's not
drag sorry we doesn't drink I drink oh
yeah oh yeah it's all going on guys got
some coca-cola me dope
so people waiting outside hums is here
sandy see everyone's her and we gonna do
damn thing all right so awaiting what
shellene everyone's feeling everyone's
chillin we're just you know chilling
look Oh see how I shake someone just
blah go at it any wonder who this is I
mean educate you right this right here
is furious Pete hi back when I just
started YouTube we did a club alcohol he
was the Hulk eBay okay yeah but like
original og youtuber here you gotta go
check him off you have it working they
find each other series Pete that's
what's up everyone enters furious Pete
everything furious Pete that's up and
okay I'm gonna actually interview
questions down can is it or is not to
you an entire Drive Nutella I two
different sizes one that was five pounds
and how long did they take you I like
half an hour who's grow said I was dyed
afterwards
well you did something energy to it yeah
I drink 20 energy drinks a shotgun them
that was not smart do not try to try it
at all bird that was a test
you did not pass us to put them away
everybody's like this looks like an
exciting idea I should trumpet this lady
don't be definitely check it out him so
so dope and like his arms come on come
on come on come on the personalities not
enough
I trip till you know ok monumental
moment monumental moment is this it this
is not it I thought it was it nevermind
I thought this was my is this it oh no
it is
oh no it is it is they just change
license plate how about my parents sold
my car to sell their worship them look
yes hi baby hold baby my own car yeah
I'm pretty sure because the side mirror
is still broken the license plates
changed obviously because I had a custom
before but you know just turning up at a
gas station that's what's up that's a
humble story of his life is his phone as
with my phones also dying actually I
hate I feel like my phone dies it's the
most aggravating thing in the world to
me
it really enrages me enrages new doesn't
make it on a limited battery why would
they look who it is so yesterday I met
this wonderful human being and in
Jolanda she has a channel called
Habakkuk had a cake and dance for how to
kick a how to make it how to baking all
that things um and I would know sweetie
me be like did you mean you love me she
later if I pick a food you even I did
and I should hate a cameo in my video
what she's so sweet awesome just like a
natural actresses all by the way by the
way PJs and she's like I was like she's
gonna be so scared I texted I'm like can
you meet me at this gas station when it
turns dark like I needed to be late at
night this random gas stations may be
here loading oh jeez here but years
superwoman so I'm like Oh stranger
danger here she's dope speaks dope cakes
and
I want to cake now all right that's
that's a conclusion of that
what's that we wrapped a video an hour
early okay cuz the dream team here is
that what does the dream teams here what
combos like we're going on the dream
this is what we dream about
well we've you know we're the team
dreams are made out of I'm so tired
hurts so much but we're done time to go
home and do the rest of the work how do
you do it is 12:30 going strong I want
chocolate so badly also minor detail
look when my dad has in his office team
super cold cans no big deal he's
obsessed with us no big deal
something will never change in this room
just never I am so damn tired as like 3
a.m. I have to send a creator for video
before I see if I have to I feel like
dying I'm so tired but we had such a
productive day we killed it today we
hustled today I cannot wait in Tom de I
thinks how can I go to sleep ah oh my
god I'm so I'm so tired it hurts but I'm
not complaining I'm just confiding in
you cuz you're my friends also a
headache
there's a bit there's a few things but
I'm gonna have to slug go to sleep I'm
sorry there's gonna be no toilet talk
simply because I just can't even imagine
getting up or walking two seconds in the
bathroom sometime but um they you join
me on today I really hope you like this
video I'm gonna edit it and release it
tomorrow and borns together once
together man we're in this together if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe like it also thank you so much
to everyone who came to the screening it
was so great because also intimate knows
only if it wasn't like a huge stadium
full of people and I got to interact
with them I just felt like I was
chilling with friends and it was really
special so thank you so much if you
liked it wait me saying this alone sucks
cut to the other clip
it'll be superwoman
everywhere I go it Marvis guys are
Internet
