wake up in the morning feeling like P D
I don't feel like P Diddy if you're like
jet lag even those only three hours I
just could not wake up it is like for
something I supposed to sleep until
12:00 it is for I'm just so tired but
love him home in my room in Toronto I
flew her last night in case you didn't
watch my last vlog but I'm here I'm
going to a secret event tonight but I
can tell you because my tiny watches
we're already out so very exciting
finally there's a YouTube space opening
in Toronto of course after I move but
that's such a huge deal and I'm gonna go
into the opening and saying a few words
and I'm really excited about it almost
coming with me Rick's coming with me
Diego's coming with me and my sister
Tina's coming with me so that's where
I'm going this evening and then I'm here
for five six days and I literally
jam-packed
every day with shoots and things I want
to accomplish that's a very very busy
trip I'm gonna go take a shower and
figure out what I'm gonna say tonight
and try to get ed and sleep all last
night that's why I'm like after up right
now but Toronto let's go all right just
take a shower and I gotta figure out
what to wear I mean I did pack some
stuff but like I said my packing was a
bit chaotic I know what I brought though
let's take a look in my closet and see
what things I forgot that we're here by
the way you know for my closet is
Emilio's right please not helpful this
closet is it's twice as full this is
after I took out stuff and moved let's
see what we got alright ready to go
reppin my city this is the vibes that
blaze when a Jersey just do my thing
dress the supermel X area I don't know
what to wear some wearing a Toronto
Raptors and she's like dope so this was
going on let's go to downtown Toronto
must look who it is
you better reading there mom I made the
vegetarian chicken create are you just
here before I turn the camera on to your
wedding with you burying it that's how
people there you go yeah and I told that
you probably missed people walking your
house with shoes so I'm sure I don't I
don't know media miss me I miss you and
are walking with you okay true true
let's go so the down
okay you can't walk up my car boosters
no no different because I pay for that
house that's coke
so just parked walking to the place
right now and across the street check
out what I see oh that's your girl on a
billboard - your girl the board's match
or I could climb that ish okay let's go
welcome to the brand-new
YouTube space Toronto it's full of
awesome stuff you what this calls for a
montage
there's confetti in my boobs and
everything they don't like dress to
impress co-ed wears a bra I wear jersey
she enchants me this year yeah it's a
good start looking fabulous with curb
clutch I mean look at me I have no
children attached to me
Jasper to a clash is you giving away
this is humble gotta go man it's out
Lauren it's good it's good vibes you can
shake the Toronto squad picture gonna go
you know we all moved to LA Toronto
squad first do a studio first set
YouTube's restaurant over this dope ball
it's dope is very very trying to ask it
yes very Canadian whose head the TVs got
tio tio tio it's dope I love it I'm so
excited I can't which shoot here and I'm
so excited all the creator's I still
live here
ah so good all the while she's
maintained such incredible dedication
for viewers to her and to her hometown
please help me welcome one of the
Toronto's very finest the one and only
superwoman
I am so excited to be back I flew in
this morning Atlantis exam now I think
you tuber then you see it because it
since the beginning though scientists
say the day time keepers mistakes opens
in Toronto you better let you know
because I knew that if we drop
everything I'm doing to make sure I'm
there and so it is so easy so many
people come up to me with like oh so you
remember us
ran from a science get to the stage
I realized Chucky what that would be a
lot more
vegan butter chicken quickly telework
what do you guys
the edgy edgy bench and I am sort of
fighting to taste amazing I'm not just
saying that it's actually really really
good
I am where's it right now yo what up kid
lolly has been misbehaving all day so
we're scouting billboards because I
wanna do some dope suits with billboards
there's one dude it's a whole bunch of
promise a lot of them are digital which
makes it hard for the camera to capture
digital stuff then you got a time it all
perfectly it's so friggin cold I've no
boy thing I was still thinking I'm gonna
lay not bring a proper jacket but this
is going on we got squat here got humble
almost driving got Daigo and then we got
Wickham Ataru yeah I could really go for
some of Rick's samosas right now though
innit craving that ish oh my god I know
I think I have okay Molly's been
misbehaving so much today back home it
is like what time is it
1:45 a.m. I saw a lot of work to do
because after plan tomorrow's shoot
tomorrow I'm doing a shoot I'll tell you
about it tomorrow
I can't tell you but today but I'm doing
a shoot for Thursday for Thursday's
video look at me making videos in
advance but it's gonna take a lot of
work and a lot of prep so I'm gonna
stand for about an hour and a half
prepping for tomorrow and then tomorrow
I have my screening and that video shoot
that's what's going on so it's so cold
it's so freaking cold there's no way I
can wear a sports bra I'm like dying I'm
freezing okay I'm ready let's do this
much makeup why why the time is 4:30
a.m. I'm so tired
so tightly least it's not as colourful
but it's oh gee I'm so tired I gotta
wake up in like five six hours cuz I
have this very ambitious very ambitious
shoot I'm trying to do tomorrow and I
have my screening and have a very
important call that I just remembered in
the middle of my shoot tomorrow's gonna
be one of those days where we got to put
her head in it and just be like you'll
get it done positive attitudes no gettin
stressed no getting frazzle just focus
oriented get it done focus on focus on
there you go
the end goal that's
for now I'm going to edit the slug past
the FO and tomorrow is another wonderful
day in Toronto wonderful but cold
Toronto if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe ok so just finish my
appointment early I have a doctor's
appointment I'd pick my results and call
them as I came running early can I come
earlier
so everything's been shifted earlier and
I gave myself an even bigger gap for a
meeting so so far so
