it's Game of Thrones day good afternoon
it is actually 3:30 I woke up a while
ago but I've been since doing work
because I woke up feeling creative
because I wrote a video script already
today today is Sunday but I wrote a
video for tomorrow based on okay so I'm
very interested in like observing people
and how people behave and it was so
interesting to me to see how the
internet exploded at Beyonce's album
lemonade including myself and I came
with a script around that it's really
ambitious and really hard to shoot
because like I said a few hours going to
Rose house watch Game of Thrones we'll
get to that we'll get to that but I mean
don't have to shoot one scene at Rose
House the rest of it tonight I want to
come back at midnight and then tomorrow
I have an appointment in the mornings I
have to wake up before the morning
appointment to finish it and edit it so
be really ambitious and difficult to do
but I'm really excited about a row total
screwup is kind of really cool I think
it's fun yet it's kind of different fun
things I usually do but I really like it
some I think I'm just gonna like strap
in and go work more to just get it done
so that's what's happening lemonade
video tomorrow something along those
lines little rant about how the internet
goes crazy about you know when people
drop albums including me because I die I
die Italy my dream you looking like a
fool sad last night I was like lemonade
woo but today's game of Thrones premiere
season 6 I'm so excited on actually to
wash my hair and it is also a juvenile a
witch you know I kind of already did
some work Sunday suppose we had no work
day but I was excited about it I want to
write it so it's fine but I gonna fixing
my eyebrows do a little bit of
housecleaning all that stuff you know
and I'm learning from rejuvenation
Sunday also is that how much my eyebrow
hairs can grow back in one week cuz I'm
just like your bra I did this seven days
ago you telling me you already won I
bragging chopped those are things that
are going on I'm gonna wash my hair then
my walk to the store to buy some things
for the video that I need then went
ahead to Rose House Game of Thrones
Tings taco truck Tings
white Walker Tings Khaleesi Tings ah
ting is cooking the booty I don't know
what it is like recently when I take a
shower wash my face or anything my eyes
get really really red they con
in a bit when I go to the shelter like
bloodshot red and I gonna be like maybe
it's a shampoo and soap I've not changed
anything I just feel like my eyes have
got more sensitive somehow this actually
happens to my dad every time my dad
takes a shower wash his hair his eyes
are really red too
I'm becoming old per saying oh my god
it's only one solution
the words
text message interrupting my flow here
that punk rock song is basically about
my friend who plays the drum that's we
say like when my friend plays the drum I
dance and it's dope because Elmer my
baby bro plays that drum so that's my
song for him and I miss him I demand a
trial by combat shirt that's right
Game of Thrones ready I'm so excited and
I'm also really excited that I get to
watch it with friends because as you
know I don't have a TV so what effect is
like I go somewhere I don't know or like
try to watch it online somehow I don't
know but I'm really glad ro invited me
and I'm excited so I become like really
good friends with that group like roll
Lindsay Justine Cassie and all of us and
we're pretty like Ryder dies so I'm
excited about it I'm going to walk to
Staples to get some stuff for my video
like I mentioned and I'm let my son dry
in the hair again I'm gonna let my son
dry in the hair yes I have a baby boy
he's drying my hair right now I'm gonna
let my hair dry and his son shed I also
this morning before I start vlogging I
lit my um
positivity candle and as I soon to
lemonade and now is like close that's
the best thing to do you've never done
this before I highly recommend it I know
you can't concentrate cuz you're so
happy about my yellow tell me to but
you've never done this where I highly
recommended it sounds really simple but
very few people do this when you listen
to music do this alone or with people
like I've done it in clubs sometimes
that you might a little crazy when I'm
alone close your eyes
actually listen to the music and just
sway and don't even control your vibe
just do whatever the music is telling
you to do and you get so into it I do
this with Bob Marley a lot you're so
into it it's just so like that's my
version of meditation it's so liberating
you feel so good you feel refreshed
after that's right this morning was my
positivity candle I guess you could say
it was lit I'll see myself out now JK
I'm gonna drive I forgot I haven't seen
my baby in like a day and a half
look my hair string into bush monkey
swags okay you're gonna walk into
staples and it's very clear you are not
gonna buy pens or any other office
supplies you're gonna get what's on the
list you have a list you will follow the
list okay if you come back with 100 pens
I swear to god I'm gonna make you do a
hundred push-ups and you know you can't
even do one pushup so don't put yourself
in that situation this has been a Lilly
Singh moment hey what are these supplies
here these are so cute
welcome to my hair as it dries and it
just basically expands if you know one
of those little sponges you put in water
and expands into a dinosaur that's
basically the same material my hair is
made out of um I didn't buy anything
else on the list but get this so one of
the things I needed was a CD Kasich just
a CD case they're all symbols anymore
that's nothing I'm like wow how time has
changed but like CDs CD cases haven't
the nothing's like no discontinued no
doubles I'm like yeah I guess you
wouldn't know anything does it
so now I need to find the CD case that
work is I need as a pop of the video but
now we need to go roust you know why to
buy lemons you already know what's that
or add Sun woo daddy miss Lana memo the
vibes got my hair all did um I'm not
gonna show you what this is but I got so
many papers over there
laid out for something I got some props
to the video I have a chart paper I've
construction paper I cover stock it is I
discovered it's when I just put my
Invisalign and drink water water gets
stuck in it and then it starts like goo
that's what it is that's what it is um
I'm here to Rose house now I'm so
freaking excited hold on I'm so freakin
excited I decided for the next little
bit when like the actual game of Thrones
starts I'm gonna watch the last season
finale and watch Game of Thrones I'm not
checking my phone not doing nothing in
terms of work I got my tweet and stuff
but I'm shutting off because it is
rejuvenation Sunday and we're gonna
enjoy it then when I come home
rejuvenation Sunday's gonna be over and
I want to get that video down which I'm
very very excited for so that's what's
happening there's that go they should I
take my sword with me it's probably bad
idea I regret not having my sword fine
I'll be an adult and take my sword okay
you lost Mary
nikasha come on sue meanwhile let me
blow me like a pretty recently nothing
morning everybody's judging me Amazon
color justice outside Rose house right
now throw is now officially my favorite
person on the planet row it's crazy and
it's something they have fries in a
truck outside of her house her I'm a
went a little overboard for the game I
love your party I'm in my shirt I demand
a trial by combat climbing spirit camera
to order all the fries bite huh you
introduce it to the new love of my life
she's showing off for you these two I've
never seen Game of Thrones they're sorry
so slumber partying it right now we're
watching the finale of season number
parting it on the hole right it's
awesome I'm really excited I'm like
stressed and excited I'm weird the final
had to say it from last easier and they
give us a refresher I did forget a lot
of what happened I'm not cool I have
some stuff on my own
I did
are you okay we do it only birthday
careful I thought nobody said what
nobody else no colita for life and like
your dragon guys yeah that's right there
I know whether spoil if you're no pause
pause pause pause pause pause now yeah I
think they're Dothraki basically that's
what they want to do things right
like they'd be like oh yeah yeah yeah
all malefactors I'm stressed also I when
I'm really excited for us is during the
intro again after so long the intro the
intro changes according to storyline I'm
really sad to that didn't didn't like
literally I'm gonna pee I'm sorry I went
a pro-am in a PB side you
oh my god stop it really
oh my god so these dogs are much heavier
than they painted it when one of those
tips up earlier that she had bridge your
left right now boyfriend gyro swings
that way I'm pretty sure okay all right
we're put on her back hold on down
starting starting I'm starting I'm
Michelle okay I'm not gonna blog during
the show i watch the damn show next to
the senior sees me reacting to the show
that's it I'm still alive and it's like
I'm not cleaning up my pee that's gonna
happen oh my god so they give us got a
little bit of everyone's storyline like
not enough and the dogs are back on it
oh I was not a nephew social role was
like 40 month or so short I know I was
like it wasn't an hour
no am i I'm just I just okay this done
is literally my my uterus okay
okay I moved just in time look at that
would have been my head right there
how would you first give it through okay
boobs
blood yes that's pretty much a little
bit a badge to you yeah I kept making
noises like oh then I come down yelling
this makes soundtrack chef and episode
was great
like if someone got sadly to see times
50 times we landed it first like 20 and
then I was like Audie stop so we're
shooting this literally like 10 second
thing forever yo tomorrow and it's
turned into this production right here
that you see a great tripod which I love
but I just feel bad cuz I'm
inconveniencing everyone but like they
pull the lighting we got like someone
trained for the lemon situation right
now got ya Luna's here right camera so
much fun oh my god where's my seat belt
I'm heading home now it is 1213 a.m.
we're gonna make a game plan for this
video alright so time is 141 a.m. this
video involves rent and small little
skits as well I basically have tonight I
lively what's going on I basically have
them up my authority on disappointment
tomorrow at 11:30 and it's about 45
minutes away so the times that I have
never pretty packed schedule tomorrow
have to go back to the doctor my blood
test results have to go to Oregon
orthodontist I have
permanent fire truck is in my house I
have a meeting and then I have my flight
tomorrow night so I don't have much time
actually have a three hour gap right
poor lad no I did not make out with
Miranda I promise I'll make sense
tomorrow am i justed three escaped
pieces the ones that effed up my make up
the most of the ones I did because those
would be hard to do tomorrow and have to
redo all my makeup so the three I saw
have a lot of work to do tomorrow but um
I'm gonna finish making the props that I
need for tomorrow I need to pick a chart
and two albums so I'm going to do that
today late duckweed really sometimes
what the wait I'm adding this it sounds
like I'm saying toilet time it's twilit
talk with Lily the time was like I don't
even know for um three four four so
things like something that I'm gonna
have this vlog head to bed I finished up
three of the small skits and I added
this the light of them as well they're
just small little clips um a lot of work
to do tomorrow to get the video done
every time I have a break in between me
or something and I come home even for
like 20 minutes I need to like shoot
something then edit it I should realize
also something I forgot I have to pack
for my trip I'm going to Toronto for
five days and then I'm going to New York
and I need like a lot of outfits so made
a pact that needs to happen kind of
forgot about that part but tomorrow is
just gonna be realities we're gonna wake
up be like all right no choice get it
done no hesitation just go for it so I
need to get a good night's sleep right
now as much as I can
I did morning went to the orthodontist
thank you for joining me on a very
eventful day Game of Thrones and Friends
and chilling and I'm glad you're a part
of it and hoping that a wonderful day as
well if you liked it subscribe if you
liked it subscribe subscribe I have a
small cameo in the upcoming
Ice Age movie ah okay let me just break
it shut up everybody shut up shut up
