today is gonna be a positive day good
morning it is 10:25 have a call in five
minutes I'm not doing it from bed but do
it for my desk I woke up actually like
40 minutes ago and we're working from
that ever since I released a blog and
woke up to wonderful news that excites
me very much
Duane is remaking Jumanji I am ecstatic
I loved mangy I always loved Wayne I'm
obviously wearing mind his life but I am
so excited
I love Jumanji and I love movies in that
genre and I don't think there's any one
better to remake a classic then Duane I
am so excited spit is in my mouth let's
go do this call and then we're gonna
have a very productive positive workday
and we're gonna be smiling and Energy's
gonna be great you feel that energy it's
gonna be great alright just finished my
call I'm gonna have some breakfast now
on head to the doctor's please does 30
minute walk 3 minute drive I'm it's
Earth Day something about walking even
though technically I have an electric
car and me driving would hurt the earth
but I'm thing but walking is we need to
find an ATM on the way then we take cash
you know a good old $300 America so I'm
gonna do a complete medical I hope he
doesn't stick something in my butt it's
a beautiful day I can't hear I loud I'm
talking so yeah ok I thought I was gonna
get a medical where they like tested my
eyes and ears and stuff but no no they
just like stabbed me with 700 things I
just got three shots I'm not scared of
needles obviously have tattoos and stuff
but this one hurt like a mother after I
was like oh it was it me for like it
what felt like eternity where it's got
three shots and then should make sure
you don't work out today and I'm like
darn it
I'll go got attacked by a alligator
cat or like Garfield on drugs
but you can't stop the solo elevator
party nobody not really nowhere you know
I said now I'm just a separate part of
the building handing in this forum to
get some sort of test done I don't know
what's gonna happen so she definitely
just took a vial of My Blood and now I
have one here five two three and four
basically what is going on right now oh
my god Edwards not expecting this or
else I wouldn't have walked I'm gonna
hook up by Kim Kim Kim what I'm fine all
right I'm gonna walk back now if I'm
bolstered love is humble loves walking
it's about a 30 minute walk um and
there's a beautiful place that even know
existed within this 30 minute span of my
house so I think now a montage okay
honestly that cat so damn fine I would
date that cat that cat and Keanu mad
freaking heart I would touch that cat's
booty so fast Oh
these chillin with his friends don't
worry you guys can hang out tonight I'm
not that kind of girl don't worry black
bean burger off noob
by now nah yo I'm so excited type of
work weekend because I'm done my emails
for the day I'm gonna actually get to
Walmart to pick up some stuff my
nephew's birthday party's coming up and
I want to send some stuff to him and
they'd like this blaze thing it's like a
car thing and my mom was telling me on
him Canada she can't find any stuff
relating to it so we're gonna see that
some stuff here
I'm gonna see if I can buy perfume and
body spray since that's been impossible
to find and it's only three so we're
gonna do that gonna come back do bunch
of work tomorrow bunch of work as well
and then Sunday there's a rejuvenation
day that's what's going on now that's
just gonna let go my arm so I didn't go
to Walmart because according to the GPS
the traffic's gonna take an hour to get
there so go later but I've been waiting
for them to unlock the charger for the
new spot I got and I've been waiting and
they haven't come down yet honestly my
leasing Center is so useless I don't
mean to be negative they're mad useless
they're like yeah yeah we'll be there a
second be right down bro down I've been
right down I've been waiting by my car I
could have taken a nap and you waking up
you still not down there sure finally my
baby's eating for the first time all
right now before I sound like a negative
Nancy clang at the leasing Center so I
get one thing clear here
I want people and I love them this is
our defense mechanism it's just me
telling you about myself I am a very
nice person or at least I tried it was
kind of strange that I'm self claiming
to a nice person but I try to be really
nice people when I first moved in I was
so friendly I like you brought them
cupcakes dr. Brad knows okay I'm new
here I was so nice to them and they
messed up on when I first moved here
they messed up a lot of things with my
move and I was still very like you know
what it's cool I'm just moving in
mistakes happen and continuously been so
nice with like the maintenance mistakes
they've made the scheduling mistakes
they've made they've told me to come
into the leasing Center on certain days
even close there's just been very
inconvenient for me and I've always been
super nice about it but with this
parking spot I just lost all chill
because I gave them a two months notice
and continuously just like treated me
like a doormat and we're like yeah
yeah come back tomorrow yes I'm like hi
I don't have time to come here every day
to remind you to do this like I'm paying
rent here I need you to do this and
they've just taken total advantage of my
niceness and that's what my pet peeves
like if someone's nice to you don't take
advantage and know that they're not oh
you know it's okay she's not gonna get
mad she's really nice about like that
it's taking advantage of someone that is
uh nice that is why I don't like how
they work down there I'm gonna have some
yogurt now honestly I love you Shay
Mitchell I love you I just got this
taken whatever I stopped to think of the
mail it is a 3d unicorn mug two of them
help bringing Touche you're the best
I'll see you a bus it says Lily you are
beautiful you are smart you're creative
I guess some people can have it all
thanks for being amazing sharing your
story with this gorgeous world XL your
fellow unicorn Shay and sky I love you I
haven't been very productive the last
few hours but my inbox is at zero all my
inboxes are at zero right now and I've
done all the work I gotta do during the
work day so I'm I could wall mine a
little bit right now sort of showers
after rush hours done all the sunshine
opened my pupil very good Walmart and a
little bit trying to find those gifts
for my nephew and then tonight like I
know I keep saying this in when
explained when I say creative work that
means like yo nothing definitive has to
be done tonight there's no firm and goal
it's just like let me think of video
ideas let me try writing scripts let me
try thinking of music just like creative
stuff and it's so hard to find time to
do that because there's so many emails
and there's so many auditions and
there's so many meetings that I'm a
Monday and Thursday videos that do have
deadlines so I have very less very
little time to think of like general
creative ideas for like videos I want to
shoot in the future and all that stuff
so and actually planning those videos
and things like that so I'm very excited
to do that tonight I might just like sit
by myself and watch a movie
it's the weekend ah no get out of Boo
Boo's I have Nokia okay here show me a
name bubbles
rock gangsta okay so still sucks 45
minutes to Walmart understand when I
moved here I fell if there's Walmart
ointments away I don't know if it's
still traffic but
many hours and now I'm sitting here
doing nothing so we're heading but when
our tractors a matter we're not wasting
no gas what a block your car that's one
on hopefully I can find some stuff for
my nephew and some perfume body spray
you know I think they're gonna have this
stuff for Matthew at target as well
which is like ten minutes away I checked
online there's a higher chance for
Walmart
so anything for them I mean I don't know
what anything but like this particular
thing so this is the effing thing
whenever he's obsessed with this glazed
thing mom told me not to get any toys
and to get like shirts was I don't have
any lies the websites all live something
we're getting this monster place that
thing so there you have it have no idea
great multiple layouts I feel like he
has this let me text my sister okay I
just had to leave there's like so many
people in that store and it's so
disorganized and there's so much chaos
here stressing yeah and the web sites
all lies so I'm gonna see where the
closest target is and see if they have
it and if not I mean the toy thing I'm
not sure if he has that he has so much
stuff that's blazer I don't know oh why
can't you just be like me and watch
Chipotle one of the best things of this
car is a satellite radio play such
throwback so I'm like old-school jam
every time I Drive badly and red light
round two dirty lies all these websites
they see dirty lies with their dirty
mouths and then parents like me have to
come to this door you know ants whatever
okay gotta be stressed out coming these
doors expect me see some mother from
blades I'd see no bass I seek no blaze
it's about popcorn and Cheerios you know
I can imagine being a parent I go crazy
like cutting people for no reason
y'all wanna blaze that I woulda Beza
weird a blazer definitely a bit hard to
do the creative work when I'm alone
working but my dessert some emails I'm
thinking I'm gonna watch some shows as
you know I've decided that shows are
gonna be part of the work hustle because
I need to know what's going on what's
poppin it's a fun thing to do yo I got
plays at the time is 11:00 I'm playing
what endless editing this vlog now
because I know I captured a hell of a
lot of montage footage and I want to
edit it on my main computer because
gonna be a beast and I have to edit so I
think I'm gonna end the vlog now and
then I'm gonna do a bunch of stuff then
gonna go to sleep so um we're gonna have
to be away from each other for a little
a few hours but it's okay because
tomorrow is another day and I'm just
talking meaning the stupid crap
I shouldn't be sleepy I know I did you I
got really safe make sense I hope you
had a great day thank you for joining me
on my day I'm gonna go ahead and edit
this and then upload it and tomorrow is
I my calendar is empty tomorrow empty so
creative work and other work is
happening tomorrow both she's a that's
what's going on if you like it subscribe
ablaze day nearly I know I don't have to
do sorry blog don't get used to things
happening every single vlog because I
don't want to be on a rigid system like
that others rules but you know I just
you know if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe and it feels like this kind of
feels like as I'm making pasta you it
kind of feels like and now a montage
