I wanna throw man the pin BS sometime
those are those are those are those
words can I speak hello hello good
morning good afternoon is - I just
finished an appointment and I'm in
brampton which is where my sister lives
and I'm going to head to her house now
to see my nephews for the first time
this trip it is Jonas birth fourth
birthday party what can it speak fourth
birthday oh and that's going on I look a
little bit distraught right now so have
my makeup finish to do when I get to her
house but I'm so excited see my nephew's
is gonna be the birthday and Pablo's in
the come cuz he's at our house but I
left him at home and then who knows can
happen after and then tomorrow morning
pebbles leaping so those are things that
are going on I'm just happy to spend
some good quality time I'm seem exciting
great day leg ow
oh my god my sister's basement so cold
do you want to know why they have all
the toys this is just the basement okay
is the pile in the basement just the
basement they have like so many toys
it's mostly my parents fault because
they keep spoiling them but all these
toys they got over here look at this
this this when I was in there I have is
my choice okay you ready for this I
Ravens look at this turn up right here
to the turn oh you you where where the
blaze out perfectly blaze right here
apparentiy debase by a few blades many
blaze you okay I am ready for the party
kids party ready I just I finally got
you know when you get a hair on your
eyebrow just won't come out and just
like an ingrown when I just finally puck
went on it felt so good I feel like a
lost ten pounds but to go down do
release the vlog cuz I'm Lisa vlog yet
do some work we'll just line in nor my
eyes I wanted just two things real quick
yesterday I think I've addressed this
before but I'm address it again because
I addressing over and over again I'm a
Kurd JEP si Madhu Piazza and the last
vlog everyone's like oh my god Lily
judging you so hard for not wearing your
seat belt I've mentioned before I'm not
saying it's right or wrong
Canadians at least every Canadian I know
we don't wear seat belt in the back I'm
not saying that's right I'd agree it's
wrong but my whole life like we've never
worn see I think it's in North America
because even all my American friends we
rarely wear seatbelts in the back wrong
definitely but we just been like raised
like that and so I remember once when I
went to Australia
the cab driver wouldn't leave until I
put our seatbelts on the back and all of
us were like wait what
so it's just something we
brought up with I completed rear right
but just so you know like when I'm
sitting in the front I always wear my
seatbelt when I'm driving I always wear
my seatbelt
I know it's not any better like you
still wear in the back I know I'm like
an active effort but comical where
you're from is that a thing or is it
just people I know because I'm pretty
sure it's all North Americans bulette me
know number two is my Drake video made
it onto WorldStarHipHop and this is
proof that you can get our
WorldStarHipHop without recording a
fight and without being mean and so I
haven't checked yet but all my fans
let's go don't read the comments they're
mad mean I'm not surprised I mean this
is a website that's used to seeing
people beating the crap out of each
other to probably see me doing comedy
they're like okay oh this whole thing
she is but that's interesting because I
just recently mentioned my video they're
like it's not important to be on Wall
Street but I don't I agree with that I
don't support this type of stuff they
post but she's interesting that a video
about comedy got on worldstar it's
something to think about something to
think about this is the goal is many
ways to get there not that this was the
goal but I'm just saying if it is the
goal it's many ways to get there how to
vacuum when you're a mom boss of three
kids
got some good foods going on here and
what excited y'all this food all look
more toys so this is the upper level of
toys here using my three beautiful
nephews don't ask me to tell you who's
who because they're too young in those
pictures you know so this weird thing
we're all kids like my dad I don't know
what it is I don't know what it is all
kids like my god
oh yeah so you love me too right
everybody's in the London this is the
youngest one Angie oh yeah he's a model
baby yeah
hey GT j subscribe subscribe
can you even say something subscribe
good god oh god chop gun who's that Hey
gosh you're a birthday guy right here
there's a look how big is that Talia's
go to school
this guy's monkey with his monkey monkey
monkeys when I tell you this is blue get
money Blue Jay Blue Jay yes Raptors yeah
we get you you don't like you you don't
like you Pueblo made a dope edit of the
Toronto footage we capture yesterday I
didn't people are doing that he's just
so dope so when you see that dope edit
nope webs made in chapala pubs working
they follow you clubs table youtube dare
pablo instagram Derek problem Twitter is
all around the key tweets ID tweet like
the same things I I Instagram
choo-choo-choo also it's mad cold
answers so you know what's going on
socks and sandals no shame I don't give
any ass
turn up turn up
it was turn up my here okay
it was turn it right here let's turn it
right here
good I do do like clumps I just plum
sauce I squeeze this one okay please in
a pack I put this on I made this happen
that was me I made it happen how do you
feel birthday boy you feel good yeah
what game are you playing for yeah okay
I have a question for you who is this
please
yeah do you know I know everywhere a
place no blade anywhere where I say
there you have these go to the blades
are you what no way yes oh my god
high-five birthday have fun yeah yeah
you try you try let him try one we go
yeah yeah good just so close you go so
thank you
yeah yeah let's go oh my god Lily so
your name is Manny I absolutely must see
mom he's like mom sister but they had
never names pronounce it I'm sure they
couldn't open us Mon you got my name oh
yeah
parenting 101 years so good you gotta
wanna I'm really good with kids one day
it's like sometimes muslin hey me it's
dad's party time anything just calls
from montage
you
enter frame turn enough blaze it's 9:30
I am tired as hell um humbles coming
over in 30 minutes ever work session so
that means 30 minute nap let go this is
great because there's no way I can sleep
and gus' humbles gonna come to see this
is great I should always take naps like
this when I have to wake up no matter
what I mean unless I just don't answer
the doorbell and then ruin our
friendship but we'll see then that makes
you even more tired and what's happening
I don't know what's happening at this
thing where I'm always hungry
but I just always want to eat I don't
know if it's peak I think it's like one
of them I have to do creative work
around to write video ideas one of the
ways I want to procrastinate is by
eating it's like not for crafting
because I like doing up it's like
thinking of video I think um ideas is
the hardest part of our job I feel like
like more than the sleeplessness and
editing everything is the immense amount
of ideas not only for my videos but like
probably other things I got going on so
I always want to procrastinate by eating
that's at least what I'm saying either
that I'm just a cow which I think it
might be that humbles here well how was
your night going
mmm helpful has some technical
difficulties essential having technical
difficulties waiting for them to get
resolved sentiment element
procrastinating I also progress maybe
he's watching President Obama White
House Correspondents Dinner I thought as
well Winnipeg Trump well you see the
immigrant old joke Mary Game of Thrones
joke Tartabull lock in the room
typical politicians and he goes wiggle
at the red wedding a woman a man a potty
don't don't my booty stopping can't see
it but pebbles is it how I got a hold of
the booty pop around you time is 3 a.m.
these men are gonna head to the airport
soon I thought maybe I could add up my
bed I'd up my bed now you know where my
mind is
thought maybe I did my vlog was one
still up so I don't have to do it in bed
while tears streaming down my face I'm
so tired so tightly tuck with Lily and
you sitting here in London today was a
chill day I see my beautiful nephews are
so adorable so cute I took some time
that was nice semi productive I got all
my emails done and I planned on my
schedule for the next few days which I
basically scheduled and all the things I
didn't do today later on so that's good
and then tomorrow at 12:00 I gotta go
get a blouse made for a wedding and I'm
a bridesmaid at one of my closest
friends I'm going to see her and then I
got an interview at one um no wait
tomorrow Sunday worth happening just the
sari was fitting my dress on Monday not
tomorrow and then I want to make
tomorrow's big Monday's video tomorrow
and then at 8:00 is Raptors game 7
against the Pacers and if they lose
they're out so they have to win those
Madden tens of course that's an A in
game throws at 9 so I have a Miss game
of Thrones but I'm recording it a PVR
because my beautiful mom got HBO for me
so my friends are coming over I'm gonna
watch the game a lot of them don't care
about the game and watch Game of Thrones
a lot of don't care about Game of
Thrones but they're gonna do it because
they love me and I'm going to see them
and that's what's going on
so it's rejuvenation Sunday with a
little bit of work because when I get a
video done and do some tasks but that's
what's going on I'm excited I did drink
a lot of grape juice my teeth feel like
they have carpets on them I'm gonna go
brush I'm gonna edit this I'm gonna go
to sleep
oh we had a wonderful great stupendous
day I'm just chilling up here doom and
damn thanks if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe subscribe you use
them well step hey
Paramjeet Manjeet at the day
invented this character first up and
every mother's say I never thought she
would be on a billboard low behold here
she is wags
