Sleepless in Seattle we land in Seattle
I have my own design install so I can't
speak but if I had a dollar for every
time I landed and my hotel wasn't ready
I would have a lot of dollars that
situation I was so excited to check in
and sleep our rooms not ready it's gonna
take like an hour or two hours and I'm
devastated because I wanted to sleep
balint Kyle so all things are happy
we're gonna just walk around now where
it's up what we do is what we mean by
walk around we're in Seattle and I'm
excited cuz I was here for tour but I
don't really get to see it as far as I
remember I really remember a lot of that
all right we're in some very cool market
what does it call the in Kyle bikes
place Pike space it's very cool a lot of
seafood by the water a lot of culture
going on over here
fun fact first Starbucks is in Seattle
according to Kyle you might be making
that up I don't know google it back
check back check what I've learned so
far Seattle has a beautiful flowers a
like a known thing
oh that's there's no boy I'm so lost I
was here for tour I saw the hotel on the
venue but the flowers here are so
beautiful look at the star right over
this bar
thank God and I usually don't notice any
type of beautiful stuff like this so if
I noticed a nasty vampire those flowers
I want their number I'd hit on them I
chop that I dump that that ish tap that
booty on that tulip hmm
all right so this is the first ever
Starbucks ever on the planet and
possibly on Mars are you ready
people are taking pictures in front of
it so I feel like that makes it a
hundred percent back when you had
nothing else to do obviously we're by
the water it's too wide a place called
Red Robin a bunch of devours veggie
burger and these fries - these fries
right here just be right there what you
get a barbecue wrap yeah more healthier
than me for sure
salsa salsa salsa three for three wheeze
about to do our rehearsal for weeding
look at this
always the sickest menus always a good
setup this is kind of how one of your
knives look like except we are slightly
less budget bender situation right here
buddy
okay all right I am back from rehearsal
y'all I need to I don't care how hard we
all say I need the heat right now
because yo yo I'm gonna take a
much-needed nap right now I'm very tired
and I have a call first I'm gonna take
that call from bed 78 79 all right I'm
gonna take that call from bed and then
I'm gonna take a nap and then I think we
might do a little shopping and see I oh
yeah that was beautiful I didn't get to
properly explore it when I came on tour
but it is absolutely beautiful I'm gonna
throw everything on the bed on the floor
right now sorry I just made a mistake in
yesterday's vlog I put the time you've
logged half a million times yes it's
half a thousand five hundred and a half
a million and the mall obviously
slurring my words right now I'm just
really tired and I haven't slept and I'm
trying to vlog and do things with one
hand I'm gonna do my call take a nap
wheeze in Seattle we out here that's
what's up we out here good morning again
I took a two-hour nap knuckle I'm still
kind of sleepy but um I woke up I feel
refreshed wearing the exact same clothes
I'm kidding I put on jeans because I'm a
dog hello we are at Connors randomly in
Seattle as well so we're gonna go have
some drinks and us some food hopefully
put them hungry all over again um got
Bob with me you know I'm kind of feeling
like this hotel will have a really fancy
gym and so I might go to the gym after I
say that but we'll see what happens
um Sal's going on and I'm gonna come
back with mules and tomorrow is we date
and today's today the nap is done now
we're going for drinks
they okay so I forgot to tell you I had
so many weird dreams during my nap one
I'm gonna tell us ikkaku you asked me
I'm talking both about doing both the
area Bert
hi Lily okay so I've had mad weird
dreams first dream was I didn't even
Boosh ordered their wooden but all I
know is that first because I was wearing
my Invisalign my teeth feel all adjusted
I thought my teeth my tooth broke that's
the first map and so I woke up being
there cool oh my god we're gonna do my
tooth broke so I was convinced like ten
minutes then I had this a dream that
I've joined the same thing my tooth
broke but I had to go on stage because I
was performing with P Diddy P Diddy
unfortunately was like I don't wanna
perform anymore so the problems were
said to me was on the same tree with my
chip tooth okay I have to refresh we're
chillin this water is so pretty I'll
never get over water in mountains look
this is where we're going your true
colors okay well now I went Kotter
please randomly in Seattle we better
spend a lot of time together you guys
are so weird like you have a cosmos
delicious I'm getting mad touched by it
though because this whole plate of
things we just say but it doesn't look
like much it doesn't look like
everything I'm so hungry
so the cosmos touching me a little bit
so now I'm kind of like how are you
you're handsome
and we started a second plan events out
there that's gonna I'm gonna die
Chancellor yet on the same day I know we
are at separate things
yeah didn't know we would be here and we
scheduled the exact same days very
awesome very good I love it branch
everyone with the amazing shirt thank
you
it's a broidered I'm not gonna lie I'm
kind of in love with Seattle and all
these pretty little areas it's very
pretty
I'm so happy I get to actually see it
this time we're trying to find out where
the Ivy Park stuff was sold we realized
on the Nordstrom's and Norris I'm gonna
close to 20 minutes in and were like but
we're gonna show us some gum wall
apparently it's very big in Seattle and
I think it's literally just a wall of
gum so let's see just walked up this
Daniel yeah breeze cap we got the gum
wall
okay disgusting all right so wall
basically still people's gum this
and obviously that promo no business
cards that's kind of crazy
yes it's not like um oh my gosh all
these walls ha this is kind of really
gross
dang friendship fan ship so we're about
to order food ready order food this
hotel and we got milk and cookies and
pass like I'm just honestly the fattest
person ever I just eat so unhealthy I
just the palm I have like everyone's
been commenting what about your work
custom I'm just waves I'm so good and
the moment have to travel it screws me
up books going to India I was like can't
follow anything might as well just let
loose and I guess so it's so hard to get
back in but yes I'm having milk and
cookies Conner do uh yeah Connor Connor
loves documentaries even telling me all
about these documentaries but yeah so
we're watching a movie eating cookies
that's what's going on I'm content also
today there might not be a montage I
decide I'm not gonna do montage every
day because it's a bit much sometimes
there's not things to montage so I try
to as much as possible but I want to ask
one I know do you like the montage it's
just me I have a lot of fun making it
but Kongo letting me know how you feel
about the montages and stuff because I
think they're really cute but uh yeah VG
oh alright so both of us haven't seen
Deadpool and everyone's y'all let me
really however does it dead boy yeah so
about to watch a typo it better be as
amazing as everyone says it is cuz
everyone told me it's like the best
thing ever
you know you've placed the expectations
real high oh oh wait wait
very neat a queen lady I just flushed
the toilet doesn't making that noise now
hi it doesn't got eleven thirty
something that leap I'm still really wet
tired it has a really choppy sleep I
don't know if today's vlog was exciting
I'm sorry there's a lot of traveling me
being tired
no montage montage this lack of montage
in today's vlog like I said I don't want
to be restricted to doing that everyday
I'm just gonna drop it when I think of a
good idea cuz that so it keeps exciting
for me like oh this is gonna be really
want I'll just do this and I guess
that's fun to do so tomorrow is we date
and I'm real excited because everyone's
been saying that the Seattle we did like
the energy is like um bleak so I'm
really excited about that
Sierra's gonna be there to meet her
because like
I love me some senior ah that's what's
going on my shoulder hurts a little bit
right here right there
Deadpool was so good by the way I was
such a good movie highly inappropriate
highly funny highly awesome
that was really close really I got to
see that tomorrow like I said it's we
day and then after that in the evening
we're flying back home it's a really
short trip but thank you for joining me
on today's Seattle is beautiful and I'm
glad you got experience with me and
that's what's going on did you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe let's
start okay I'm letting go I'm not doing
anything right now it is completely
doing it on its own I not doing nothing
I'm not touching nothing right now hey
there's our mother every Optimus Prime
is gonna line the top real nice right
now and there it is part for me
