happy 500 rugs so 500 bucks he let me
break it down for you I didn't clog
yesterday because yesterday I wasn't
sick I was like are you sick again no
and I'm period and I had really bad
cramps and I didn't want to spend my
five hundred blog complaining about my
cramps I was like I'm not vlogging today
so I didn't clog yesterday
I'm saving it for today five hundred
blocks is half a million days of my life
vlog and shared with all of you and this
magical journey we had today is today
sorry I can't speak today we gonna run
wild
what up shoot reference I'm headed to a
lunch meeting with a whole bunch of my
agents of WME this is the get up this is
the vibes from some weed a free children
swags some shoe swags some you know I
shave my pits a little bit I put some
cream on and stuff looks like yo what
would you say five on the rugs what who
can't have no crusty elbow or my video
blogs ninety-nine I wore deodorant today
I can't have no stank lines on five
hundred black i'ma walk around though yo
just broke my anger 500 rugs
I know what's poppin just waiting for
Sarah because we don't have cash pay for
Valley this thing called Blue Jays carry
cash I've tried no one carries cash I
got mad credit cards I got no cash this
valleys like we just stay cash like I
have legit two dollars two dollars in
the rest cash and she's walking to the
back right now is that just us who
carries cash I'm not not me Casca who
Casca what know who it is 2:30 I'm
headed back home now to work on video
because it is super money and also I
don't know if you were did you hear yo
you in the back in the back yo shut off
and talking listen did you hear 500
watts ha ha just like it's like it's
like it's like swag so my cool it's like
did you hear the news it's like weird at
500 vlogs
little recess to say do you like sing a
happy birthday song or something oh
happy bread to you this is the number at
the end a birthday song these white
people all right so I'm finally able to
show you the Tesla's part I can't pull
up um for the life of me says the car
there's a card there I'm gonna show you
what's up okay look like start okay I'm
letting go I'm not doing anything right
now it is completely doing it on its own
I not do nothing I'm not touching
nothing right now
there's our mother Fe Optimus Prime is
gonna line the top real nice right now
there it is Park for me you know how
what a game changer this is I can't pill
a park if literally my family member was
at gunpoint they're like all you gotta
do is parallel park everyone will die
everyone will be dead it'll be my fault
honestly bomb alright so every time I
come home around this time you'll know
the Sun is blazing into my place and you
know I love that but it makes me sleepy
that it meant sunshine I'm just like I
just seen right here also I took a
picture with these dope shoes and you'll
see our Instagram of the picture looks
mad cool don't be fooled because I
literally spent 20 minutes 500 pictures
trying to find one it is super mind if
we gotta make a video also did you hear
yo when I'm talking shut up when they're
talking you shut up
fenders gonna be for super Monday I
don't know why am i walking towards my
bed I don't know I don't know any of
these things I I don't know not for 30
minutes I said I'm so sorry that's good
30 minutes it's like two and a half
hours there where does Matt you know why
300 loves all right 500 500 what about
found their dogs
i'ma just put this out there into the
universe you're the universe i'ma just
keep
oh and put it out there it's for
centuries everyone's like you'll get
your parents to react to work Mariana
and I just kid this is the thing I see
your suggestions but there's nothing to
that music video that's why I'm not
reacting to it literally nothing happens
it's like she's dancing Drake's there
people are on the screen not there's
like very little to commentate on when
it could have music video so that's why
I'm not reacting to it I don't think it
would be good I'm trying to go video ID
right now it's Evan Michael I kind of
miss humble because like working alone
like I guess don't do it I'm gonna power
through it I'm gonna make getting done
but it's nice to have someone around you
working like combo Mombo maybe I put
like a pillow and kind of like draw a
beard on it and just make it really
stuck at monopoly deal that they didn't
really feel a or whatever yeah but
that's what's going on we're working on
video video video video you over love
right here almost kind of if I just make
my arm look broken like this kind of
looks like it's DS anyways I need make a
video yeah I check it out something that
never happens just happen hi not him
never happened just happened I found a
video as I was cleaning my room I found
a script that I wrote a while ago but I
didn't make the video too because I'm
like oh it's so bad and not funny I
can't think of it and so I'm rereading
and I probably wrote this like two three
months ago it's types of eaters and I'm
just reading it right now and it's like
I'm mixed because I wrote it so long ago
it's like I'm experiencing the script
for my video for the first time even
though I wrote it and so it's kind of
like how I am seeing my video like what
if you would see my video because you
don't know what to expect
it's really funny I'm like why did I
think this is about I'm reading it I'm
like this is really funny and it's
really a weird experience to read
something I wrote so long about go and
be like oh my god like that's funny and
so this is I'm thinking about just doing
types of eaters because I found this
half strip and this never happens I have
three types I'll think of two more and
I'm gonna do types readers I'm sorry
this is really
setting for me it's like watching my
video for the first time that I don't
remember writing and so shouldn't have
slept with these Dana choke myself oh
you know I can't do this on five hundred
rods yeah I mean gotta come right all
right
I don't tell them you think euros I
forgot to tell you yesterday when I
didn't vlog I actually decided that
Sunday's gonna be my day I tweeted about
this law gonna be my day for
rejuvenation I've been trying to do this
for so long and inevitably sometimes
it's not gonna work cuz I'll be
travelling or other stuff but to the
best of my ability I'm gonna have sat up
sorry Sunday not Saturday Sunday be that
day where I rest I sleep in I rest
I clean the house I do my laundry again
if I'm here if I'm travelling banner but
I do the laundry clean the house I fixed
my eyebrows Buddha upper lip in ting get
a massage ready - I basically that's
gonna be my day for rejuvenation to get
ready for the week ahead so Sunday we're
trying to make it that day of like
restoration let's see how long that
lasts and stuff so far we're at once
I'll put on some nice t-shirt tank top
for this video I'm just finished
recording it is 911 oh and my urgency
and I'm about to edit this thing not too
late not too behind schedule just gonna
throw some short I'm mad hot today
probably everybody know mr. snipe mother
nature the puppy all knows 500 AD the
airmen know I'm so freaking weird and I
love it
alright at 11:19 I just released the
video I also got a pack to mama to
Seattle with Kyle because it is weed ACL
and Sierra's gonna be there now okay I
don't mean to boost or anything right
but like when Sierra's like a boy came
out everyone was like yo brah you can
see her like twinning up in this joint
you said it not me but I need to meet
her and be like you don't think we look
alike people be crazy but people think
that I had a purpose for one day trip I
just mostly need to think of an outfit
to wear on stage so that's what's going
on and delicious I just went through all
my email at Don Merc that yes the time
is twelve eleven cake let me try using
my microwave time my stove time and that
yellow clock all of them are having the
wrong time since daylight savings time
and I just refused to change them so I
got to do the math I'm gonna take a
shower
I believe for the airport at 6:30 so in
six hours I'm gonna go shower I'm
actually thinking about running to a
pharmacy down the road
maybe not running maybe driving because
I need perfume I've run out of perfume I
desperately need some and I'm thinking
about doing that in 24 hours I think
it's playing for hours right it's five
hours and pretty I'm pretty sure 24
hours and then I think I'm gonna take
this vlog all the way up until getting
on the plane that's what I'm thinking
because the sleep schedules gonna be
like what is sleep what what day is it
what is it you'll what day is it
I mean I mean so that's why I - I mean
that's what I mean this dogs a whole lot
of nothing it's all about of nothing
though all right I'm gonna firms like
this in my shorts in my UGG slippers
just like this you know why I'll get an
F you know why by wonder okay honestly
for some reason the hardest thing to
find in LA is body spare perfume target
doesn't sell body spray perfume this
place I want to right now doesn't sell
body spray perfume is that what you're
just thankee I don't sound like since I
moved here I have not been able to find
this spot I don't understand everyone
just wants me to be stanky all wannabes
thank you it's 500 runs neighbors thank
you well I was a fail I have a serious
problem
like I'm going to Seattle for one and a
half days and like I'm really gonna miss
my car
should I just miss my flight and drive
there my god is what being a
relationship goes like no that's
probably better
Jenni time wait Lily look I added a
little piece of art that's what time it
says your heart you have a heart of gold
to the shower and I don't know how to
dry myself in this lines in so I don't
know what is this the last couple ones
are too big for me I know this cousin
being a bad patient I know where the
other ones whole time like these ones
are big they're not fitting properly but
I do see a small change in my teeth so
that's good I just had to enjoy that oh
my god it cut I decided to do a toilet
talk with Lily now because I went to get
nap and then go to the airport and then
there I don't not go into a toilet talk
in a public washroom although maybe one
day 500 vlogs all jokes aside that's
half a million days of life flogged and
I have a slur and I'm okay I'm not
embarrassed because you're my friends
500 days it's okay thanks for joining me
on this journey of 500 thank you for
joining me on this journey of 500 days
and I can't wait for the next 500 days
and thank you for thinking my weird
silly faces and all the stupid crap I do
you thought the day is entertaining I'm
really happy we're in this take
I'm not gonna make this to that I'm not
gonna make this too sappy not that my
Invisalign will let me but thank you it
really means a lot to me that you're
taking time on your day to watch my life
and join me and it's just it's cool to
have you around and I hope you stay
around some more and I'm spitting and
swallowing it so I'm gonna go take a nap
we're gonna add today I put in a little
bit so BRB lilypad
it's so weird right when I have the
least amount of time to sleep I can't
fall asleep I slept for like one hour
why did the airport see another thing
alright we're at the airport and I'm
gonna end the vlog JK and now a montage
I want you to know that table seemed cut
me and this was the price of a montage
this was the price of the montage
all right we're on our way to Seattle if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it guys might know
it I found you kidding he's so adamant
you to be just recently had a million
subscribers launch angle and whose main
channel right yes yeah and she's so
supportive and sounds always treating me
like Adams like a big supporter is so
sweet
