I just picked my nose before I press
record good morning the time is like -
something - sixteen I slept in hard
action woke up a little while ago but I
since took a shower since when - some
emails all that type of ish it's
Saturday I can't get sleeping Lily you
can sleep in it Saturday no but you know
sometimes it's like hard yeah but you
know what you do other stupid things so
it's fine you can sleep in what do you
mean what stupid things I do like you're
talking to yourself
right now whew today's a work date
extending have a bunch of text to go
through I actually lost my made a list
of things to do because as you know I
said today we're gonna do a bunch of
creative work and I keep saying this why
creative work is amazing but difficult
the same time is it's amazing because
you don't always like I said have a
definitive end goal because it's not
always like I need to think of six video
ideas and this is no it's I kind of like
let your mind run wild but it's
difficult because it's hard to make a
to-do list and then it's hard to like
stay on track so I'm gonna try to have a
complete workday Nazz was going on had
some cereal some banana for breakfast I
still need to find them blaze when I'm
blaze ass don't even find them blaze I
might order them online and ship them to
my Toronto house we'll see how that
works I'm also gonna tell you something
exciting today that I haven't been able
to tell you for like months but I'm
gonna tell you today chat I now know I
won't tell you now maybe I make you
maybe make you wait a little bit I'll
make you wait a little bit hey I just
put the last hour and a half looking for
blaze stuff online
I give up there is no way to get because
he has all the toys and the clothes like
won't ship in time or like they worship
to keep I just really want you to Canada
I just I can't I can't I can't
I'm just gonna have to send a video with
a hug and kiss and hope you understand
swap because I just can't
it's driving me crazy if I see another
blaze track if I shoot myself literally
we get to work now yeah
I just love this song oh my god Queens
Deepika Priyanka Queens by the way
yesterday I started watching Quantico
for so long I keep saying I was gonna
watch it Branka is killing the game bro
I'm so effing proud of her I just can't
I can't wait till I meet her so I can
just give her a big hug video sister you
freaking holdin it down I'm so proud of
you girl love all the damn way
you know what I love what Priyanka and
she's not scared I mean this is based
off like the interviews I've seen in
whatever she's not scared about coming
across cocky she doesn't give an F as
people are judging her she just works
really hard and cheese goals and she's
like yeah and if you wanna you know try
to knock me down we gonna have problems
actually just rare you but I just girl
love all the way I made two episodes in
Quantico I plan to watch the whole
season and catch up but it's really good
so far really it I was aching treated I
was like this is translating me yeah all
right surprise time even though I just
posted on Instagram and Twitter so you
follow me on any of the socials you
already know but I've been so excited to
tell you about this and it's such a huge
honor and I'm so humbled I have a small
cameo in the upcoming Ice Age movie ah
okay let me just break it shut up
everybody shut up
shut up basically we break it down for
you when I was in New York a while ago
there was one day where I couldn't
really vlog cuz I was doing this secret
thing this is what it was I basically am
playing to unicorn twins they're called
mini corns let me show you a picture
they're just adorable
I love them so much look look look this
is them okay this is me in the booth
recording it this is that this is them
it's a small cameras only few lines it's
nothing huge but it's just I'm a huge
Ice Age fan as you know I love animation
movies I've seen all the ice ages my
nephew's love ice a joke just I love
this I'm so honored when I got to be a
part of it and it was so much fun to do
because I've not really done voiceover
work before so I was a little nervous
but I went in and it was such a cool
experience that like record your face
and record your voice and like you acted
a lot was just so much fun to do it's
such a good time doing it and ever since
then I was like you I wanted to more
voiceover stuff but it's just so like
these characters even if they have one
line by one I'm like those characters
are me
know that these unicorns are me it's so
crazy I can't wait for you to see it I
don't even care if it's a half a sound
that they make that half a sound is
immune these characters are me and I
feel like this is the closest to
motherhood I'm ever gonna get these are
my babies
I'm so excited ice age collision course
um I can't really see it oh I've been
dying to tell you dying to tell you and
now you know and I was so excited I
don't care if it's small and whatever I
don't care I'm really excited by it and
hopefully my my nephews like like me now
basically I'm the stupidest person on
the planet okay so this whole time I've
been like yeah I'm gonna send my nephew
something I've been lying to you because
I know my sister might watch my blog
that I'm actually flying to Toronto for
my nephew's birthday partially but also
for some other YouTube stuff but I've
been lying to her the whole time about
this trip and me my mom's been like
orchestrating like oh yeah I can't say
it in the vlogs and like I'll just say
I'm shipping it but obviously my ship
and nothing obviously I'm going to his
birthday party but I'm such an idiot
because there's something happening
during my trip to Toronto that I invited
my sister to that I'm going to tent this
whole time I've been contradicting
myself so my sister right now on
FaceTime right here it's just like oh so
like this thing that's happening does
mom know you're coming and I'm like
coming where you she's like to Toronto
I'm like what you mean and then she's
like you idiot you invited me to this
thing I'm like oh my god I'm such a
moron so I'm basically going to Toronto
Monday night for a week I'm going home
so now everyone know there's no
surprises Tina she knows I'm an idiot
fail yeah Tina this is my sister you
should check her out you can see the
reflection on my camera in the
background this is Tina she's currently
making a pizza here life is very
eventful you should follow her vlogs
where can they follow your vlogs okay
neurotic mom Diaries I'll put in the
description and she's also I'm not even
saying this she's just kind of funny
sometimes
I mean clearly she gets it from me so
she is older by like 20 years okay no I
am six years older and you get
everything that you do and everything
you do you got for me honestly Beyonce
just drops the album's like I drop a
deuce in the toilet I swear to God I
just casually your lemonade and new
album check it out sir look go Haru this
how you do this
I don't know I just do this she's like
oh here here we go just take it on my
pocket here you go there's an album
there's an album it's lemonade here's
some on a hot day I'm saying how you do
this how you do this Bay don't kill me
queen bee just kill me I just can't even
Rena
she can't even right now you're mad
productive right now got so much work
done I just like forgot to vlog the last
couple hours um so much works hang on I
just finished a whole video script which
is dope and I'm really excited about it
and I like flushed it up which means
that guy thoroughly thought it through
properly wrote the script thought of
locations and aired things so I'm really
happy about that I organized my whole
upcoming Toronto trip now just got to
put the pieces into place but I just
like in terms of scheduling days and
stuff and what I want to do what and all
that stuff I did it which is like a huge
weight off my shoulders and now the time
is 11:40 1 p.m. on a Saturday night we
turn it up and I'm still going we still
don't go ahead and I'm I am at growl a
mango right now I got a mango Micah have
a mango you know why if I can do what if
if I want that's why all right the time
is 2:18 a.m. I'm going to do the dishes
edit the vlog um and then watch an
episode of Quantico that's the plan
tomorrow is Sunday rejuvenation date and
the evening I'm actually in a rose house
because she's having a game of Thrones
premiere party ok can you believe Game
of Thrones is tomorrow by the way
because I feel like I have been
complaining for a year and 700 hours
that a year in 700 hours I've been
complaining forever like I miss Game of
Thrones I can't survive boys gave me
those come I can't believe you I'm done
so long why do I play why do I pay wait
what I play and now out of nowhere out
of nowhere it's tomorrow game what those
rumors tomorrow out of nowhere out of
nowhere when did this happen I'm not
ready my body's not ready my mind is
already nothing is ready my shoulder
already made needle sports burn already
this bread not ready my nose ring
already knocked in already begun I just
can't I just can't I just can't I just
can't
so we're into roses tomorrow um we're
gonna watch the finale she has like a
taco truck come across like a ting I'm
gonna wear my Game of Thrones t-shirt so
I was going on tomorrow I'm gonna wash
the dishes and I'll speech in a little
bit toilet time
Lily just an arm workout a little bit of
about work on my arms like I enjoy
working on my arms my leg legs and like
it so like that
my left side my body particularly I know
everyone has a side that strong but the
left of my body
mad mad weaker than the others I was
3:00 a.m. I'm at this vlog hopefully
still watching episode of Monaco and I
go to bed and sleep in tomorrow because
it's my new Venetian Union thank you for
joining me on today with a very very
productive day like I'm so happy with
all the stuff I got done today I hope
you got a lot of work done and I hope
you're productive and I hope you had a
happy productive wonderful joyous
inspiring day and if you didn't know
where as tomorrow's in your day and you
can take control of it if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
subscribe
you know I can't even imagine being a
parent I'll go crazy like cutting people
for no reason no y'all wanna play set
you gotta breathe I don't doubt please
we repay that weird ablaze
definitely a bit hard to do creative
work when I'm alone working
