morning wine good morning I woke up at
9:00 judgment call it in bed going to a
shoot is on the beats up a pack a bunch
of stuff finally took my laundry out of
the dryer so that's good and I didn't
drop any under on the way because the
other day all my underwears in the
hallway and I was like wow I was
happening I was like hey I know I
brought I'm like huh couldn't start
today oh that's going on I'm gonna take
a shower
but do my makeup in the second hour away
could we do a nap in the car and that's
what's going on a great productive day
today we were doing we did the call
we're doing the shoot after that we were
clapping with Casper I kinda know we're
shooting kind of not but I have an hour
in the car an hour back and to our
refocus we shouldn't have four hours to
figure it out he is to not take a nap
during those times wait I just thought
of taking a nap on the way there
decisions we are headed to the beach
right now it's a little bit it's a
little bit chilly outside so I'm gonna
have to bring all the blankets and
sweaters with me got my bag packed
we are heading down my hair is so messy
underneath his bandana so remember where
I hat or something or take my hair out
for the shoot we'll see what happens but
it looks like a gorgeous day it's
deceiving I know it's cold outside we
take my shoes off I didn't do my
toenails I told myself to shave I shave
and there's always something I do my
toes now it's gonna be a whole thing
flying away
the attack of the birds they're
assembling there's like alright so we
just finished shooting and how's my show
it's about to happen right now of course
I wore my new shoes cuz I don't know
anything and I don't do good
decision-making I don't know good
decision-making definitely fell asleep
in the car but I have a call and then
I'm steering Club I don't know what I'm
shooting yet but we're gonna figure out
because it's not got three hours for
that have to do is call now sugar take a
nap but no look can i but no if you
think of an idea you can Louie don't do
this in front of the block don't do this
in front of law I don't know if you you
are the honking outside basically you
can turn left and you are on my streets
is really annoying but some people just
keep trying to turn left and so while
they're blocking the intersection people
will just honk the entire time the
entire time it's very wonderful for
people that want to take me okay I don't
know was enough sitting up all right
somehow someway I have written a
scripture that I have and I really
really like just shoot with Casper he's
about two minutes away and we gonna do
the damn thing that's what's going on
I'm polite it he liked it really funny I
don't know he's just being polite policy
but I'll happily printing it through the
damn thing and would hope the best
alrighty
just finish shooting with Casper and I'm
an idiot and I'm vlogging because we
were so into it having such a good time
he's really funny
Casper's really funny shots too humble
for helping us shoot appreciate it
always appreciate in my home skillet we
supposed to get some dinner and that's
what's good then we go get to work work
work work work work work work and once
again the place is destroyed such is
life let's go get some vegan chicken
humble and I have been eating like crap
recently I don't know if you agree with
this we're meeting like crap we just had
M&Ms a lot of them also there's pizza
oven and mac and cheese waiting for us
by taking 15 minutes to make the pizza
so augs
in the day humble has made me the last
two times I'm in the
it's three - for me so humble if he
beats me today it will tie up the whole
series here because this is an extreme
sport apparently that's going on
take goodbye to our friendship 1:04
humble to zero humble to one the humble
to - so his last game and three - for me
so I won but I just wanna point up the
level ups upset because I don't think in
the history of us playing this has ever
been like this yeah I'm ready to assume
okay so you guys it has no car they took
everything is I really don't think
that's never happened in the history
anyways it was 2-0 now it's three - so I
know do some right now peace what we
agree that was the last game so I don't
know where you go before the games start
we said it's the last game it's okay
Tori it's for two in the series of the
days don't worry that's only half what
is it not for - what did I do wrong
what did I do wrong the one thing I'm
jealous of you is that you have a very
smart audience because people on that
please tell me what I lied about her
what I made up right now nothing to say
no to tell you what I wouldn't I make up
because nobody does the so he does
we don't be humble mean the people we
know did I beat you three times today
I'm not gonna do that okay okay so what
are you saying
what I'm saying is put in the comments
have I won that last games we would have
to play more games okay yes or no
question before this game started and I
say this is gonna be the last game but I
so so so yes or no yes or no before this
game started and I say this is gonna be
the last game yes or no unfortunately I
can't simplify - yes or no okay then Oh
honestly sore loser
he answered like 13 interview questions
that's a type of the answers for which
is like my least favorite thing to do
ever but I did it I'm so tired
b-complex lot today look how much that
way to call this morning we did a shoot
at the beach we answered all the emails
we did the interview and we shot a
collab and we beat humble I am Rob Lee
Joe but that's like at every day credits
why are you touching my forehead I'm
really tired
okay goodbye I'm so tired I just can't
we just forgot that I mean a little my
laundry zero
no I'm throwing you on the floor I don't
care I'm so tired own take this to me
laundry no don't talk back to me okay
I've had a long day and I don't want to
know stop it Lily I am very tired as
I've mentioned in the previous clips and
I'm devastated at the fact that I have
to wash my face right now devastated but
I'm gonna wash my face and at this vlog
go to sleep tomorrow is a jam-packed day
I don't even wear like a bunch of
meetings I think I have four meetings
tomorrow
I think is what it is I don't even know
four meetings is what I have then I
gotta edit the Casper Club and even
though my chest is gonna be ready
tomorrow my she can pick it up on
Thursday because I don't have any time
to pick it up tomorrow I hope you had a
great day thanks for joining me on my
day and you're like I hope your day was
dope I hope you like trying some new
food I hope you had hugs from people you
love and I hope like you know someone
complimented your booty or something you
know what is look at this the listless
how are you not telling me my eyebrows
leaking are you not telling me that tell
my friends if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe like it subscribe
I'll put a link in the description it's
gonna be right there it's gonna say link
282 UI thingies there's officially a
released properly organized document of
where you can watch HDTV
in your country no more questions if you
read the list you'll know where it is on
google play or everything losses
countries where you can see it it's very
simple
don't be tweeting me being like it's not
in Canada
don't be tweeting me saying that's not
the okay did you read the list did you
read the list I love you so much if you
liked it subscribe little bit oh oh
hello you see the thing about skits is
they destroy my house every single time
like time to edit this is gonna be a
beast and a half to edit
