today is waiting we didn't see a no I'm
so tired I just came to the venue
without having my makeup done because
the pillows in the hotel are evil and my
neck kills and I couldn't sleep all
night
also I've come to conclusion the hotel's
haunted because keep having bad dreams
about death and pain and everything else
but but we're gonna see how to Seahawks
Jersey I'm very excited about all I'm
gonna do a makeup on a passive Laden
camera - Kyle he is now your father
we're going on a journey
look who I'm at Bailey she's so sweet
and wonderful like I already knew this
sweet wonderful but Joan you meet
someone you're like oh that energy I'm
like absorbing her sweet wonderful it's
nice when they are what you think it's
really awkward if they're not you're
like okay wonderful I'm good so on stage
also yeah we're no we're friends yeah we
are however we like it when you like a
friendship ship name oh my god come up
with one card below there did it for us
okay thanks guys
yo what's going on I just met Wilson
Russell Wilson right Russell I know
football yeah I'm wearing his jersey I
like yo I'm gonna try I don't know
nothing about nothing but yo so he's
super dope I have a little bit of time a
little on stage in about 30 minutes I'm
excited about that I can't love Billy
Madison by the way we're like BFFs she
just has such a good contagious positive
energy and you know I love that energy
ugh who drink their energy that's gonna
I stroked it in your face I'm sorry Kyle
everybody Kyle
love performing out we did that energy
is so so so dope and it's so dope cause
we can friends at Madison beer and Billy
Madison and were just like the size
think Johnson had a great time so
there's a fan that keeps treating me
saying they're a volunteer we did and
she keeps to me over and over again so
arranging to bring her down to meet her
so that's we're doing right now and then
we're just chillin till the end and I
can't wait to see Sierra perform every
one so dope I'm having such a great time
I understand learned as many days as I
can like this is a cause I truly believe
in talking to kids I like really care
about the world and like you always
think I'm gonna be around you always
think they're like to give to causes you
have to give money and stuff enough
suppose you can give time like there's
giving time to speak to kids can go so
far to inspire them and I really believe
and then so the world we're getting the
fan just coming down and she's talking
to Kyle on the phone and she's like
really really excited or nervous and I
love they're gonna edit this part of the
DVR waiting
what do you mean okay she's great she's
wondering which takes care of me I
learned what to watch the Erica for I'm
very excited about it and she's so kind
and caring and I keep getting lost in
the venue not knowing my changer Midland
she doesn't get annoyed at me because
she goes under actually challenged it's
great I'm really good at fighting yes
she's great at hiding
so just watch the Sierra perform and
forever that's never been like oh my god
you guys are so similar together twins
after seeing you perform I can confirm
that she is ten times her dancing
everything first body to ask her on she
doesn't care because the main reason
we're hat is may have you thought oh my
face she's dancing here is perfectly
like I never faced was like girl how
she's a queen her swag when she dances
her thing madam foreign Queen what I've
been Queen Queen queen with like a hero
found it and brought it to me
this all dope rapper from Seattle
I watched him before him and I'm a fan
he's wonderful
and you still adore look at his smile
and you didn't know what this device was
so now I'm showing you
second day in a row a little bit touched
by Cosmo
drink
I am
we are currently playing the trimming
basically we're so late and we have to
catch a flight the airport an actual
hotel and grab myself so who we trying
to position with body in a way or the
car stops I can hop skip and jump out of
the car into my hotel room grab my stuff
is worse so this is their flight departs
at 6:15 it's four three two we're no
more closely so surely our priorities
were a bit off laughter we need no
regrets though we're gonna make it in
the back by the way that's the
yeah all right so we just made it in the
nick of time I know you were really
stressed and concerned about us and your
whole day was gonna be ruined if we
missed our flight but we just made it
you know I'm kind of like an ironic
doughnut is the funny because when I saw
see her perform was like you all gotta
eat you're right she looks mad on point
and now want a doughnut so that's Rama
right now about to get on this flight to
our two-and-a-half a shower play and
that's what's going on when you're in
the airport Kyle were you at the airport
we get a ride out of these home sweet
home the time is 10 11 I don't have any
food I gotta feel where I'm gonna eat
and then I got a mmmm
sloppy amount of emails to go through
that's what I'm gonna do I'm not gonna
spend too much time working but it
worked a little bit figure out my life
and then I don't know we'll see the
night is young let's be real be sleeping
in an hour stay tuned yo yo hold up I
son to be real proud of me right now
real pie walk in the door right
welcome to drug guess what I did put
away my suitcase everything's unpacked
Who am I I'm a different person killing
the game up her her which had food to
you figure it out oh my god holy crap oh
just sitting here and I realized
something
oh my god I just posted a picture with
Sierra dude
Sierra is on my vision guard I like
totally forgot I was sitting there and
thinking about it cuz someone tweeted me
a picture and when this picture looks so
familiar of Sierra it's on my vision
board you see how the vision board works
you see how it just happens and
manifests itself she's all over you more
than that matter to me Monica son thank
you I'm missing your water
there's something in my eye
and I can't get it out in my eyes with
my one eye is red the bottom half of my
eye I know what you're thinking 420
yo-yo euros but something's that my eyes
were totally dark we Lily thinks an eye
booger first of all let's talk about
this for a second I just heard some very
sad news and I'm so so sad by it so my
favorite male wrestler obviously growing
up was the rock but my favorite female
wrestler who was second to the rock was
China and China passed away today and
she was only like 150 she's at 45 46 or
something and I'm just like I remember
waiting in line hours to meet her when
she released her book I read her whole
autobiography and I waited in line hours
to meet her and I met her I was like
she's the first person I actually ever
wrote a fan letter to I wrote a letter
and I gave a term person and I was just
such a huge fan of her she was so
inspiring to me growing up because she
was that legendary woman wrestler who
was like competing with the guys like so
girl power and I remember especially
being a tomboy growing up I was like she
makes me feel okay but being Who I am
because she's just like being herself
and she just made so much history less
thing as like one of the pioneers and
for the women particularly he's just
come up with this gun and like shoot
this gun just like man I'm really really
bummed to hear about that um here's
hoping she's resting in peace and sad
about it and honestly it got me thinking
I'm just like life is so I'm pretty deep
here I'm sniper like when so many of
your role models are something you look
up to like you see them and they're
getting older and like some of them are
passing away and it's just like dude
time kind of flies in the strangest
weirdest way it's like make every day
count man just make every day count be
like what did i do today that my future
self will thank me for time flies so
that's that's the toilet talk for today
thank you for joining me on a very
eventful vlog Seattle Sierra Russell
will
Bailey Madison Madison bear all of them
so awesome and as such a great time they
want me to come to we'd a Chicago I'm
actually scheduled to do something else
on that date but I'm seeing if I can
shift some things around and try to go
to wheat in Chicago it's not confirmed
yet I don't know if I can do it but I'm
gonna try because I just love we taste
so much and I hope I can do every single
we day that ever happens because I just
love them so much yeah I hope you had an
amazing wonderful day
tomorrow is video day and we're gonna
get worked out in I honestly sometimes
it's not even saying listen I'm tempted
to not even say this in the vlog sleep
saying I'm like I need to get out of
this hole Oh eat good equity good they
travel and everything goes downhill
because like I work a lot in a day and
if my brain is working that hard like my
body meets be able to keep up and I need
to like just I don't need to go super
strict fighting to make better decisions
man more water more vegetables less crap
so we're gonna try to do that and try to
stick to it
we're in this together if you they could
subscribe if you like it subscribe I
don't want to be in the blog okay well
now I went Connor he's randomly in
Seattle you guys are spend a lot of time
together don't we have to our guys are
so weird
thank you
