I look kinda did a good is this hair
what is this his background to the
background okay why how good morning it
is much earlier than I wanted to be but
I'm excited because I'm shooting a club
with Casper here's a situation you know
how I hate being unprepared for clubs
I'm unprepared for this club I actually
am a huge douche bag you know I plant
made this plan to collab with him last
week we're supposed to shoot something
from my channel on his channel had no
time to think of an idea I'm the biggest
douche bags or just shooting for his
channel today hopefully shouldn't for my
child tomorrow and I'm gonna be so super
apologizing because he's been so patient
lovely and wonderful and I've been that
like crazy childhood can we push 30
minutes can we do this can we go and
he's just been so great so I'm a douche
bag I feel horrible
let's go do that I'm excited because
I've never actually hung out with Casper
broccoli probably huh it's early let's
go the first time in my life I just got
pranked
my first time in my life you're by this
guy oh this is Cora it's a Canon Vixia I
look like a French it's a fisheye lens
she says that he's so sweet oh he's been
so understanding and so patient I've
been the most annoying person to
collaborate with you can tell them no I
think I've already been the only problem
has been I've had to sort of like 3p I
had I known that three people were gonna
be sorted out for this to play roles I
was like she was saying yesterday she's
like can we just change your time so
subtitle forward a fool I'm a jerk he's
wonderful man um but if we don't what is
it gonna come up on because like there's
an I want to shoot something for my
channel because week to go make it maybe
I'll prank you oh no I told you well
that means that's be extra good alright
then okay I am back and it was only
10:30 um I have hair makeup coming today
Renee and someone else do my makeup
because I'm doing a lot I did already
say this I'm off I was half asleep in
the morning Club but I'm basically doing
a livestream with Kingsley with a bunch
of other people watching the movie award
that I attended last night and for that
I made my hair and makeup done because I
believe they're gonna air some of it on
TV for the Movie Awards during the Movie
Awards so that's pretty cool but that's
two hours from now and I'm kind of tired
so can we say nap
Ned four-day all right II woke up from
my nap waiting to see I'm sure cuz when
I get my makeup done
button-down is better take off like this
not like this so I make up and her don't
get effed don't know what I'm wearing
yet but I feel like I can be like ash
super womanish tight vibe and King it
all or America really wrong
I better inquire vibes that h2i Lily's
back the Hattie suck this one I'm
wearing put Selfridge a the real quick
I'm so so so late a little bit stressed
some hold on wait yes I'm a little mad
stressed because I'm hurting away and
just there's been a lot of
disorganization today in terms of my
schedule and you know how I feel about
that so
but why I'm feeling positive gonna go
there we'd have a great time I'm excited
to see King I really like my hair like
when get up so feeling good and at the
end of the day today we're gonna think
of all the ways you can problem solve
everything that happened today so we see
here we got food their snacks ever we
want to do this stream Kings he's
getting some makeup touch-ups which I
probably should get some soon to just
pretty far I was like an hour away it's
good I'm excited so it's three stream
going the same time and I'm doing one
with Kings I'm just gonna be king a
night watching the movie Ward's like we
usually were just chilling that out and
it's great I'm frigging so excited to
hang out with him so that's what's going
oh this is studio look at the guy with
is hair thank you
and it's that I'm sofa set with like
each of our personalities so I'm really
are what the hell is it ours yes
here's a pretty naughty yeah it's a
apparently who likes swords I don't know
there's an elder which I appreciate what
is in elder cuz my name is Lily and L Oh
Farha yeah what I should have sons are
and he like the skeleton with a guitar
it's pretty cool
suppose that I don't know who's using
the samurai sword over this world mm-hmm
pretty cool side up I'm down I'm down I
just want some mad snacks I'll I'm here
I'm here for the snacks right now always
about to go live look at all these
snacks look at what they look at this
look good luck what they've done to me
I'm gonna eat everything and kings not
eating anything I'm gonna eat everything
I'm okay with that I'm looking at all of
it I'm about to go live and I already
told King how I don't know a lot of
people's names and so he has to be very
specific when he says people's names
like so one so in the red dress and I'm
like yes in the red dress I just I just
ordered white wine okay do you want me
to join you in a drink okay okay my
friend are you dancer is hell yeah I
just want to be kind of tingly when I
see you let me got it Grande you should
be tingly sitting next to me anyways Wow
was awkward we are live streaming right
now look what's the deal that's your
right there that's your right there this
is MTV Movie Awards we are live
streaming it as a dope until the
pre-show there's five more minutes left
and it's so exciting cuz all of you are
at home watching this with us how
excited I am
it's amazing and we finish the last you
know so much fun oh so dope seeing the
TV version of it after having gone there
live to see what they cut out what they
captain with the emphasize and all that
stuff King how was it I'll judge dude
I'm sorry the Saudis of anyone that I
would have rather time I think I know
three hours with my boo I mean I love it
it's a quality time when you're caught
up I'm headed home do some more work
it's Sunday anomaly right yeah thank God
yo I'm back home before this thing
happened so I'm driving all my drivers
like you know an older white dude like
look super geeked out and I don't mean
that our battery which is super like you
know older white dude geeked out listen
to the radio I asked them play the radio
he puts it on very low volume like can I
get a bit louder and puts it a little
louder and okay
all of a sudden our Kelly ignition plays
on the radio
this guy cranks the volumes old white
guy sings every lyric with the song he
was like bounce bounce bounce bounce
bounce but I put my key in the ignition
like he was just every word I was
thinking back like what the hell is
happening right now it was so freaking
random oh my goodness so freaking random
anyways yeah this is gonna I got home
the time is a little 8:20 I need to
catch up on some emails to my inbox we
look a hat and a hat
ACK mess right now this is going now oh
and Kevin Hart just followed me on
Twitter hello dose editing the smog and
releasing it out of stylist who styled
me sent me an email with four articles
that list me as best one of the
best-dressed from the MTV Movie Awards
which is very exciting for me this is
one that's just looks in the NT movie
awards and there's this one where the
main picture is up
Kendall me and card I'm just like stop
it like how am I even in the company of
these ladies stop it
that's really exciting and super cool
that's happens when I don't dress myself
but as what's going on but post this
love humbles gone tijd puddle shown
toodle to get us some food and that is
what that's happening back so what
happened was I was taking off my makeup
but then Chipotle Kingsway stops and I
have have a face and makeup because
priorities dad damn homie all the sleep
sleepiness is happening right now just
posted the vlog yes I pronounce Liza's
name wrong the vlog clearly pronouncing
people's names not on my strengths I
call her Lisa its Eliza I've learned
I've already apologized term person so
as what's going on I don't think I'm
going to edit my blog before I sleep
because I don't want to post at night I
just posted this one and like 9 hours
from not posting the vlogs a bit
ridiculous I might post it later on in
the day tomorrow just you know spaced
out a bit and then the next day
go back to the 9 a.m. releases I'm gonna
wash the other half of my face um and
then yeah we'll have some pilot oxygen
I'm so weird I'm so tired
I get like honestly I did a lot of
things so it's fine but like the way I'm
tired at night every night when my head
is a pillow I'm like to lean into me
I'm gonna go like get all the makeup off
was very intensely on I'm gonna go to
bed maybe watch some shows before I go
to bed since they're not at this log
right now and tomorrow is video day and
that's the only thing we got to do I'm
at Emo's to catch up on in the morning
um but I was poppin thank you for
joining me on today I hope you had a
wonderful spend and I keep burping on
the blogs I'm sorry
but also not sorry because that's who I
am and my hair is braided and I'm very
happy about it
um but humbled actually in my closet
right now recording that's where he
records his rap songs um so I'm gonna go
to sleep and pretend that's not
happening um and then tomorrow we're
gonna kill it with some hustling can get
some good night's rest
we're gonna wake up throw but I'm gonna
let thing kill it kill the game also
harder than we were hustle before cuz
that's what's up and that's why we're
here bow if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe hey can I get can I
get an outfit
they know is running this for selling
this book
this book is mine
