stop stop everything you're doing
because today is gonna be a great day
good mornings after editing my blogs
every day also I realize that every time
it's a good morning sounds like I'm
saying good morning and I don't have
that good so now I'm saying good morning
JK it is 214th afternoon I slept in so
late I feel refreshed and energized such
needed sleep I feel like throughout the
week I literally am pushing myself and
pushing myself and I'm exhausted I'm
literally never have problems going to
sleep as soon as my head touches a
pillow like knock out and when try to
use weekends now is that catch mom sleep
like I mentioned in yesterday's vlog you
can release the vlogs a little bit later
on Saturday and Sunday it's fine just
rejuvenate for the week that you're
gonna have it's important so that's what
I'm gonna try to do I look up this
really witty article of its kind of
vulgar but its victim gets rent victim
gets revenge on rapists by setting him
on fire this is probably not it seems
like a gag joke thing it doesn't seem
real but it says he was sort of asking
for it dressing in such flammable
clothing if we didn't want to get set on
fire he should have stayed indoors
he was probably drinking alcohol and
alcohol makes you more susceptible to
fire why didn't he stop drop and roll he
should have stopped dropped and rolled
he must have secretly wanted it it's
about basically pointing out how stupid
victim-blaming is and how it's pathetic
and all that stuff so I thought that's
very witty I laughed at it humble is
here we got a bunch of things to do
today
some of them leisure ewwww some of them
were key I have a lunch meeting at
Chipotle and then I'm going to meet some
cool people and then I have a whole
bunch of emails catch up on I have some
scripts to write some scripts to read
and then I'm gonna have dinner with Mimi
and Hannah and possibly humble as well
that's humble if you forgot how he looks
that's up humble give us your cutest
smile I can't get smile on command Wow
make me smile smile look around inspire
as well there's something to you there
ya go that was cute yeah this is going
on today leg on to end this vlog and
ah also in case you're wondering what
the stays on my shirt it's drew um so
this is what I'm thinking about doing as
you know I have a colorful fuchsia towel
that I take a shower with let me show
you because it's obviously crucial
important stuff that will affect your
day this is my towel I need to wash this
towel all my towel is very colorful
the thing with wash the towels I'll have
to wash them believe it or not have to
do like a separate load of colors and
cold water doesn't make sense wash one
towel so now I'm thing I'll just rotate
my towel I know this is ground breaking
stuff I just try to keep up rotate my
towel because of all these colors and
then when you several are dirty then
I'll do a load of laundry so now the
crucial decision today is like which
towel but which which towel do I want to
use next and this is the thing about me
in color I feel very passionately about
colors I love colors which color makes
me feel a certain way is what I you see
because ok this is what I'm thinking
right now I'm thinking either this one
the lime green the yellow or this light
blue kind of makes me feel good but I'm
shaking ok what is the game what does
the green make me feel the Greens not
bright enough so I'm gonna between a
blue and the yellow so yeah the yellow
makes me feel happy the blue also
opioids blue me super happy the blue
makes you feel a little bit cold because
it's reminding me little bit like frozen
with a that's like else less color
that's like else's color palette right
there so um wait ok wake up in the
morning and go to washing yeah ok we're
going to all yellow um oh my god I'm so
glad to got to share this moment with me
alright mMmmm all right so this is
driving me crazy
there's clothes everywhere I may take a
shower will wash my hair and I'm gonna
clean up all this because making me feel
gross and unproductive my blog is
uploading right now the first time in a
poop fun fact about my poop by the way
cuz I know this is also a very very
crucial thing that you won't be able to
survive although I'm not lactose
intolerant but I'm lactose sensitive
specifically with milk I know it makes
no sense cuz cheese and all the stuff is
also dairy but it's also like certain
times the day so when I first wake up
I'm speaking very fast I know when I
first wake up if I have a dairy product
my stomach is way more susceptible to
getting upset so
if I wake up and I'm cereal in the
morning I actually started you up a plan
like don't go leave the house it won't
be like a stomach upset but I know I'll
have to go to the washroom soon which is
right now so now that you know about my
drool in my poop I can go first of all
you're going to subscribe because I know
where else you're gonna get this
groundbreaking stuff okay I don't know
where else look at this yellow towel off
so happy so ratchet pawl way cuz we're
about to have a meeting to discuss some
stuff and there's this give us a guy
here and I look he's so strict straight
because he's like always tweeting me and
always like talking to me and I think he
like followed me here and you guys might
know it hold on say hi I found you
getting these items are you - we just
recently had a million subscribers I do
on channel and yours main town right
thank you yeah and she's so supportive
in astons always tweeting me being like
Adam is such a big supporter it was so
sweet she's actually seriously so sweet
and like fact that she took the time out
to come like CV I've been like I've been
sliding into idioms on my hey with cheer
let's check it okay going down to the
Diaz and then I asked Mia she serves to
be my inspiration ever since like three
four years ago when I found these so
sweet and I of course wanted to meet you
because I love to meet many support mean
I appreciate fashion so I guess you guys
so tell them where they can go
accessories you know so tell them
whether dr. Adam solid in just money but
make sure you guys support support
because she's TLC
she'd be warming from personal stuff I'd
wine I wash my hair face I'll put his
links to this he's so cute oh my god
that guy's so cute he's so adorable it's
always important to show respect and
appreciation people support you and I
should shout out to him and everyone
else all that sunshine though I love
drying my hair in the Sun by the way fun
factories to do that growing up yeah
who's a sweetheart to me we tactful we
had a quick meeting about some stuff now
we're heading to get slushies and then
I'm gonna head to memory cells in a
little bit cuz mamrie Hannah and I are
gonna hang minutes humbled last day but
he's gonna come back soon right humble
cool we're working on it
I'm so excited for what's about to
happen we're about to have slushies
right now I've no such you know minute
so you know what that means and now a
montage
ah
just a red light I'm headed to make me
so I'll spend some quality girl time
good day means not cool people good and
just going feeling good beautiful day
weather's nice hope you're having a good
moment it's green bye it's just a casual
Saturday night turn up and started yeah
good night
turn up with the girls oh you know
puzzling this puzzle is making me feel I
got my drugs because it's what is it
called holographic is that was however
hologram the holographic hole a
holographic oh puzzle that changes and
it's just like none of the pieces look
like anything so that's happening crazy
Saturday night so you're in the hot tub
and now we're back to the puzzle oh yeah
big time
we are killing the puzzle killing I
actually kind of think we're bringing it
to life look at this we got the complete
frame we got a dancing Hannah
show them your dad look at the referee
dance don't you do outside yeah I don't
know this oh yeah so good we got the
frame going on killing the game's killin
the game Saturday night turn up Millie
tell them why you're so full I had an
apple it was the most filling apple of
my life and I was in half Apple I saw
the Apple this lock obviously
groundbreaking content but she using the
Apple I had the Apple now I'm so full
and this is her happy Apple done she's
adorable
this one you back home he's a bit of a
lack of light going on here there we go
back home and today today is humble eyes
anniversary of IV i v-i one year right
one year we toured the world with that
song IV a guy we know that um a few of
the fans have made a video in honor of
when you haven't watched yet Homa
watched it listen um the reason I
haven't watched I was just playing
tombola I actually and I hope you
understand this what I say I'm sure you
vote because you're all wonderful people
but I actually like to watch things fans
have created or letters stuff I don't
like to just watch them right away I
like to watch it when I know how to best
explain it um I go through different
emotional states in a day and throughout
the week and so I'd like to watch it
when I'm like really tired and I need a
pick-me-up that's what I like to read
fan letters and watch that kind of stuff
so I can actually truly truly impact me
in a way that's really special not that
I won't if I watch it now but I watching
out like I'm tired now and I'm not
trying to I want my full attention to go
to it so I promise I will watch it a SAP
and then I'll comment on but thank you
so much the effort of making it um I
have yeah one year yo one year since we
went on the subways and got kicked out
of subways
mm-hmm so dope satin rock does court for
three hours yeah oh my god yeah yeah
that's why people don't ask where yeah
crazy people again desk we're dead
bethany mota does big poster oh yeah
yeah yep
one day my big poster will be up there
woman one day you work hard if I work
hard one day I should work harder all
right so I'm thirsty and I'm gonna drink
out of a bowl because through the
glasses broke since I've moved in the
humble Brooklyn watching it the other
day I broke one like months before that
and the rest the glasses are dirty and
basically I don't have a clean glass is
the moral of the story here and so
instead of just washing a glass I'm
gonna drink out of a bowl Mowgli style
jungle book because that's what's up
delicious it would literally take four
seconds to watch a glass would that's
what's up mmm bow remember earlier today
when I was like I'm gonna pick up all my
stuff
kill you basically just move the stuff
from there and put it over there but
anyway this toilet tank we Lily I'm so
tired I'm an old person basically I'm an
old person I just get so tired so early
all the time I'm gonna go to bed and I'm
going to edit this vlog tomorrow like I
decided Saturday and Sunday vows can be
later thank you for joining me on today
got to spend time with somebody else
some people was so nice to hang with the
girls and today was more of a leisure
day than workday and that's okay and
that's okay Lily it was Saturday it's
fun like you were joining me on today it
was a great day and I hope you had a
great day and my lips are dry I need
some chapstick and once again I'm
cleaning with my toes well on the toilet
you know what it is I need a pedicure
anyways we're getting off track if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe do not get soft God really so
inspiring I came to her house she's so
professional there's water with a straw
over there just for me just for me and
the straws blue light boom so I already
know I feel what colorful things
