there's a picture of myself on my shirt
hey good morning I woke up at 9 o'clock
released a vlog I'm heading to a meeting
with a very exciting person but I'm not
gonna tell you who it's with until after
the meeting to be honest even after
meeting ok this this new Invisalign
thing I put in is too big or something I
can't speak even more so with it it's
like - anyways it's a very exciting
person but I can't tell you who it is
and to be honest even after the meeting
I might not tell you who it's with but
we'll see how it goes I'm heading there
I'm going to drive there the first time
drive into a meeting I'm driving to a
meeting it's me a great day got a
meeting after I'm shooting in club with
row from nerdy nummies I'm so excited
about because I love it I've never been
on our channel before and then I'm a go
to movie try it's Friday I'm feeling
good I'm chillin this is how I feel
I didn't gasps look this I'm a walk
close to my baby
and it's gonna get turned on so cool
thing is the handles come out I don't
even see when you go in here I wish I
could walk by all things and they were
get turned on but that's not the case
morning baby this is gonna be like this
for a while in the vlogs because I I'm
still very excited but we need to think
one name comment below let me know a
name you think a name up seek test make
sense for like okay I went to this
series of things that just happened I
walk into the car it played the same
song I played yesterday when I got in so
work Rihanna
it remember that I wanted to suggest
song my first get in I entered this like
on an automatic that came on because the
drunk in the car and now it is asking me
to name my vehicle it's reading my mind
the cars reading my mind oh my god I
love it
you just finished my meeting I'm heading
to shoot the meeting was great I met
with an absolute mother effing Baus she
was such a boss it's nothing it was just
a general meeting very cool but I got
the honor and privilege and meeting
Mindy Kaling today and she was so dope
and so awesome it's just such the best
word to describe it chill poised and
boss just bow such a boss so she's
really really dope and I was a general
and now I'm headed to shoot with robots
about like an hour away so Lego do that
well it's that yes I'm the type of
person that's about to go to a collab
but we're gonna bake a whole bunch of
stuff but I'm sitting in my car eating a
Cinnabon in advance I'm so hungry I'm
about to touch my makeup three minutes
away from Rose house
yeah I'm that kind of person it's always
wonderful when you're working what
you're doing with a friend look who it
is first of all you lawless let's just
talk about that right now it's Matt on
fleek we're doing a baking thing not
content we're making a surprise with so
much fun woo and oh come on in a while I
have to wait like a month in a month a
month it's coming out of money because I
did a lot of baking lately yeah so and
we only released one video a week which
is very different news I know you
release a lot videos nobody I don't make
as many as she food is difficult I only
eat it I don't make it so how do you
build boy having so fun it's so good and
there's like oh my god yes how venir
there look over there there's speeching
there Schmidt there's Mike your husky
wine great Robin snow if I want to like
it on anyone he knows all my inner
thoughts so it kind of complicated you
can hear us into Michael yeah yeah and
we were like talking about how he's like
a little boy saying zone what cute I
can't even say that he didn't know I see
you cute
where's that girl the row dealers that's
a girl I love it we just finished
shooting i okay I was gonna say
something too but then I was like okay
and let me be a real person and say it
in the blog instead of saying it
organically naturally Roe is so
inspiring I can tell she's so
professional there's water with a straw
over there just for me just for me and
this draws blue light blue so I already
know how I feel what colorful things but
Roe is so hard-working just such an
awesome team at such a good time and
then I'm like thinking my brain these
are the types of people I need to spend
more time with you know you're very
about the circle you hang out with
mm-hmm roni roni needs to be in circle
she's a crucial part of it so I can be
you are the major part of the circle I
feel like I'm in then I'm in a trust me
know if the circles 360 you're like a
solid 300 of it oh my gosh we're yeah
we're like circle Club oh that's what a
circle family I love it and we're
equally as nerdy hahaha
I love it she's awesome I can't with
using the video it's super super cute
super adorable one time so you can start
counting down now but don't we took mad
cute pictures at a post Reina yeah
just finished shooting I am going to
head home the time is 4:00 and we got
the whole evening to do some cool just
mad hot I know what I was thinking
wearing this is morning on pit the mad
sweaty we just make some mac and cheese
we clean the place to the table I sweep
the floor I dusted the floor I'd dust
under the couch can govern my hovel to
the worst psychic in the game right now
responsible adults right here you know
who you trying to impress now I'm
believing in like two days
and I'm very sad because like it's been
so nice to have someone here and only
you're like even to like help with the
house stuff it's not as normal me would
have to take like three trips to the
garbage chute homeless is one trip is
very good we help with tasks you know
the very communal situation it's a
healthy teamwork situation I appreciate
him as a vacuum direction he doesn't
feel some type of way about if I'm like
y'all just clean that real quick he
ain't feeling some type of way team home
is a dream we're gone
I'm kind of devastated about this whole
look meth short floors shining wait is
that Greece oh I pray for someone like
you and now that you feel the same way
too
don't you want get you wine that you
like I'm so weird right now yeah I'm so
excited cuz you know why I'm acting
because I'm excited
ah we are going to go see the jungle
book I was Keanu Kiana's and tells her
friend were taking see me as well we're
going to jungle book all five of us okay
let me tell you why I'm so excited I
grew up on jungle book I probably
watched the cartoon movie a thousand
times
my dad and I bond over jungle book so
much Mowgli's my homeboy I'm so excited
to see what they've done to the movie
and just exploited
yeah we're at the Grove that's what's up
and your your Holyfield asking you guys
you feel that you feel like you lost
what to happen right now no zone and now
we'll montage get this model yeah
I'm gonna stop one won't you do it on
$22 oh no I didn't get punched in the
face my eyes so 8g and so I rubbed it
while I wore eyeliner and this is my
life also what what's wrong what's wrong
with me what's wrong with me let's -
lets go what's what's what's let's go
wash the wash the faces I'm such an
idiot
so I'll integrate Lily juggle book was
so damn good it was a walk down memory
lane that kids got actor so F and
toddlers think about not only being he's
ten first of all carried the home he's
the only actor on screen and literally
acting with green boxes because it's all
green screen
imagine being ten and talking to things
that aren't there like so talented I
encourage you all to use so so good
amazing visuals just really really well
done phenomenal very very good so yeah
that was awesome great to hang out got a
lot of work done today onto all my
emails had a meeting how to shoot it all
that stuff had some leisure time good
balance I'm don't think I would at this
Bob firstly because I'm trying to do
this thing where I kind of have
weekend's like on Saturday and Sunday
maybe this term 9:00 a.m. Oh at least a
blogger like 11 and then Monday to
Friday I can lose certain nine ish
that's what I'm gonna kind of do because
I'm really tired right now and I want to
sleep and tomorrow I might hang out with
gray spam Rihanna
I'm not sure with happening with that it
will see but a few people to meet up
with tomorrow and I have a bunch of work
to do tomorrow so that's what's going on
and that was today
and I think that's all I have to say
other than the fact that yeah I love you
and um I watched my face and now I don't
have a black guy anymore you know
playing with my coat on the toilet if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe oh my god there's a boat I'm
equally as excited for the bow right now
now if you want to turn the car off all
you need you have to make sure the cars
in park yeah and just get ready just you
know that's all it is remember we're
trying to figure it out that day like
how do we turn it off we just gonna
pull up to get that sunroof open -
you're happy up to me okay
tomato burrito
