so much has happened already a good
morning it is 11:30 I have released a
vlog and 9 released my super Monday
super Thursday obviously Thursday's I
was testing you obviously bill bill shut
up
super Thursday video came without 11
with Casper and in 30 minutes at 12 I'm
starting ask Superman live so I've done
all that I'm prepping for a Superman
live setting up the event doing all the
stuff gonna make a lifestyle thing I
also brush my braids and eat until this
event in 30 minutes so I'll stop the
kind of poop okay that leaves me four
minutes through everything else Lego
when Ivan look at all the technology I
got this thing here I got this setup
right here like this technology draw the
technology you see it we open ladies
like transformers right here this is
like galaxy ish right here
it means like so galaxy it's a Shane
Dawson video you know what up just
finished a live stream my nose is super
super itchy as per usual when I do live
streams I don't know what it is I am so
excited to pick up a Tesla I am really
excited I want to talk about that for a
quick moment so um this law of vlogs are
not really gonna be a lot about the
Tesla and about me getting my car and
I'm Sherman take pictures and all that
stuff and I just want to before we get
into all that talk about this because I
never want to be the person you know
like like you all know why I started
making YouTube videos because I was a
sad person and I just wanted so
desperately to be happy the hardest
thing I've ever worked for my life is
happiness I mean being unhappy just
really sucks um so that's why I start
making YouTube videos and I'm in this
very fortunate position now we're like I
get to make my career and yes I do make
money for me and I've gained some
success for me but though none of those
things whatever the reason I started to
make youtube videos they've just been
the result of me you know doing what I
love to do and so when you watch this
vlog when you see pictures like I'm not
gonna post a billion pictures and stuff
but I will share it and share it in this
vlog and on Instagram because this is a
really important moment and day for me
um this will be the first car I've ever
bought in bartenbach button it'll be the
first car I ever bought my own
prior to this I've always had
hand-me-downs for my parents they've
always been kind enough to give me a car
and just like this is my first apartment
that will be my this will be my first
car and that means so much to me because
the little young me would never think
that I'd be in this position and
regardless of even like what type of car
no just just the fact that it's my first
car it means so much to me because I
have worked really really hard and not
just all-nighters not just editing not
I'm not talking about that kind of work
on my stomach on myself is in such a
hard personal journey with personal
growth for me you just sorry I saw my
get when I'm talking with things that
are bored to me I just I I'm trying to
say is that I'm really proud of myself
for getting out of whatever I was going
through and being where I am today and
not that our car symbolizes that but you
know getting your first apartment in
your first car it feels special because
it is a testament to the fact that you
got to stuff you've worked hard and like
these are you know things that the young
you never thought you would be able to
do and so uh I'm just not blabbering but
that's the point I'm trying to make is
please don't think I'm coming across as
like look what I got and look at this
car apart and it's fancy in this it's
never like that if I ever shared notes
because of my true genuine excitement
that this is an important moment for me
it's exciting you know I never want to
be the person life where people don't
exciting your experiences or things
don't excite me anymore you know like
twenty years now I still want a text
from Duane to excite me that's what
makes me human I never want to get so
used to this where a Tesla or Dwayne or
Selena Warren excite me or application
won't excite me or an experience what
excite me I want to be excited by things
constantly and so I just want to say
that before we got into the rest of the
vlog because I think that's important
and yeah I'm really excited I'm talking
to the most beautiful woman in the world
somebody said energies right I'll
believe see hi oh my god dearly I was
thrilled to hear you loved our lovers
shoe I hope you enjoy okay
gifts on gifts Angus because when I went
to my styling appointment I love these
shoes I ultimately didn't wear them but
they send them to me are you ready for
this ready for this let me show you
what's good right now
let me show you what's good right now
come on how me are these shoes I adored
them today is a great day I'm getting
stuff people are sending me stuff
lollies in full flex FLE crap both by
the lollies in full force right now
feeling good very excited we're about to
leave and do the damn thing all right so
this without finish shows Frank's first
impression on the car I want to point
out that it's still a material thing but
I'm still excited I explained to the one
we said and I couldn't I couldn't like
properly explain why I'm excited there's
a milestone yeah maybe that's right so
first so it's like a day under you work
for it it's a big deal it's not about
what it is
that's yes that's see he's so smart he
says such things
that is exactly what it is the older you
get it gets more and more difficult to
have first so anytime you can have a
first experience of something that's
always exciting
oh my god is a boat I'm equally as
excited for the bow right now now if you
want to turn the car off
hmm all you need you have to make sure
the car is in park mm-hmm and just get
up Manny just get it that's all of this
remember we're trying to figure out that
day or the how do we turn it off we're
just gonna pull up to get that sunroof
open to make it happen after we won okay
tomato collaborative ontology
just parked itself first thing got a
doing a brand new car decide what's
gonna be your first song I know blasts
out speakers I know
while we go cruising for chicks so first
the first song I do is gonna be
meaningful and then we're gonna blast
out the speakers that's what's gonna
happen say I'm gonna keep true to my
values and my roots that's what it's the
first song doesn't matter what dance
each kind of things we have one have a
good heart that's what's most important
and now a montage what Peter do you want
to get I know man this is grab the
cheapest one and go
so this is Lily first official parking
job as you can see it's horrible Lily
things I'm doing a cool montage for her
but I'm actually just showing you how
bad of a partner I know TMZ Lilly Singh
Lilly Singh
what are you coming what are your
comments on your horrible job I
usually use easy home but to use the
shop and go in hope you cover today 2
things 1 this button keeps popping and I
noticed that after I picked up the car
and I said by the guy my bra was fully
showing and so he got like he gave me a
car when he got something - um also
we're back my leasing Center sucks I'd
love I said that during my livestream so
my leasing Center for this building
they're horrible and I'm past the point
of like trying to be nice was in the
beginning was like I bought them
cupcakes and I tried to be nice and
they're so cool my favorite girl I
worked there she actually quit she's a
work there anymore yeah she's not there
anymore so I have literally ordered a
car they've made a car I've gotten the
car and they still don't got a parking
spot for me that has an electric thing
on it
it's been like two months could I have
an asking for it and they're yet to give
me an answer just now I went out I'm
like I literally have the car right now
we're just about like yeah we're working
on with no eating pizza it's not
delivery it's not going to show you
there at some American ramen tastes
really good I'm really happy about it
weeds about to pay someone a plea deal
so you know go to ruin your day after I
have it within a three four - the series
of the days by the way before we begin
humble my good putt buddy ol pal which
is like to decide how many game to play
yeah best survival best 5 ok first two
three that's gonna happen you know the
death stare your parents give you before
they destroy you that's me right now
humble 1:04 home that was a painful game
for both of us boo boo it was just so
long and like a lot of nothing was
happening but one's your problem
one one also the top my mouth has burnt
down that pizza and I decided money
anymore - one for me for us - three
let's see what happens three one for me
so I guess that's yes that's first two
three invested five so
this is the winning hand what do you
want to see well right I'll talk to you
three property sets is me one two three
right here and that's what's up so thank
you good sport humble series of the days
it is 5-2 now for me but yours you know
what you're still a great person
otherwise and it's shirt is so cool with
his shirt give a round of applause no go
on go on
give a tell Lily to read between the
lines
all righty remember the movie script
Russell Street yesterday but I didn't do
um I'm reading it now Oh what oh no this
can't be right it can't be 98 pages
that's not right 98 pages easy peasy
lemon squeezy page one let go it sounds
like a hurricane is coming outside just
I'm gonna take you outside for a second
it's like crazy like we have to book
airs inside because the wind is like
making very loud noises and there's
things flying everywhere like you can't
even hear it from inside it's like so
loud and crazy what is going on so I'm
about to shoot one of my first self
tapes humble is gonna read with me and I
am so uncomfortable oh I'm nervous
well first of all because because first
of all I only have ever done this with
an ocean II once and my mom like three
times I'm most comfortable with my mom
it's so uncomfortable to do with humble
at all to begin with and second of all
this was not you know that bothers
waiver scenes there's one swear word in
it and humbles like living
are you gonna be the baby birth day
actually actually swore in front you the
other day just in here but it's the same
word I'm saying at this gate but I just
I feel so uncomfortable you can't make a
big deal of it okay
you gotta make a big deal about it I'll
feel weird after you Wilson so time is
2:30 but I had to bed super first one
type of cool thing you know that in the
past I've worked with coca-cola Canada
if you remember they got a fan in one of
my videos they sponsored my Toronto show
and also my hty premiere in Toronto they
are dope they always make my dream come
true and I genuinely do love them you
know I only work with people that Diggs
and they're doing this cool thing um
around first kiss which I thought would
be cool to participate in what up coke
bottle reference
and um so I'm gonna tell you about my
first kiss you're ready for the storm so
long ago something my first kiss was
initiated by me it was in the summer
between grade 8 and grade 9 and I had no
idea what I was doing
and I think I like did something stupid
where I was like hey like close your
eyes and I like literally laid out
instructions I having at humble being
like like literally lay out instructions
on how to like chaos a close your eyes
not like abruptly so aggressively kissed
this dude it was really awkward but um
tell me about your first kiss Yuja use
the hashtag first kiss I want to know
what else talks with you you can use the
hashtag first kiss to turn a bunch of
Priscus stories and also use the hashtag
taste appealing and i'll stock all y'all
nasties which i'll parse quenched first
kiss stories a niche and then I'll also
smooch out them and block moaning
forever when I meet your parents
hey hey if any of your first kisses a
French kiss ah you get it cuz it's a sin
French
embrasse-moi oppa today it's a green
lily if you hear crazy noise because the
wind is actually coming through that
bend
I don't feel but the wind is crazy I of
course yeah just whatever Audrey was a
very eventful exciting day new car first
kisses what else happened ain't cereal
asked superwoman life so much happened
Jai and she was asking to I have a
meeting and also clapping with RO um
from nerdy nummies and I'm driving to my
meeting I was so excited I don't know
man
today was great it was awesome tomorrow
like I said I have a meeting that have a
shooting that I'm kind of chilling um
great day to catch up with work in the
evening and that's what's going on hope
you had a wonderful day and enjoyed this
vlog thank you for spending the time and
your date to watch my blog I really
appreciate it and yeah I love you to
pieces I'll see you tomorrow if you like
it subscribe hmm cereal if you like it
subscribe coke if you like it subscribe
that's it I tell you what happened okay
so I'm in my meeting and the wickedest
thing happens like it literally made my
day I am so freaking excited guess what
I discovered during my meeting muster
has pockets
