you can all sleep have you noticed every
time I do the beginning clip my voice is
purely of German comes to get up right
now have so many things to do today let
me tell you what we had to do today
liver I guess we what we got to do today
is I'm headed to a meeting right now
from 10:30 to 11:30 then from 12:00 to
1:30 I gotta read a script from 12:00 to
1:30 got a real script then 1 2 to 3 I
have a meeting and then from 3:45 to
4:45 have a meeting and I need to from
5:30 to 7:30 prep for a meeting then at
8 I have a dinner meeting that's what's
going on we're gonna whisk me an amazing
day can you feel that energy it's gonna
be an amazing day I'm not gonna be late
I'm gonna be on time
everything's chillin I'm gonna leave a
like 10 10 ish to get there on time
it's 1080 dang this construction in my
house is killing my vibes closing down
all the streets around my place to turn
into my parking lot
turn close to my building just like
ralph was all good it's all good you got
to build things in life that's what life
is about
I'm trying to be motivational bird well
sledge very tired I'm actually not that
time to kind of rest I got a good six
seven hours sleep today is gonna be such
a non-stop go-go-go day where I wouldn't
be all in the whole day that excites me
I love challenges I love that kind of
stuff my bar is coming so
BRB how to open a banana like a boss
thank you you can subscribe now there we
can't I know you think I could look at
this wall look as well it says YouTube
do you like what is it what is it ah
there are pencils okay and there's a
sharpener built listed that's scary but
okay and then look it come on come on
that is really cool I would like one
made in my honor please okay that's
gonna say Lilly Singh so yeah yeah see
if I can jump up on this oh I didn't
jump I kind of just stepped hitting
puberty and had a meeting it was great
there's which shadows on my face I was
great meeting necessary which I'm very
excited about now I'm headed home
I've actually planned out my date to
such a Qi like I read this morning where
like even join my grabs I'm like and
this is what you're gonna do so that I
don't go home and I'm like ain't shaky
so I'm gonna go read a script a movie
script basically takes me about one and
a half hours to read and by audition for
anything I always read the full script
yes there's been times when I've
auditioned for like one or two lines and
movie I still read the whole script but
I like reading them I think it's good
you know good to read gets my brain
turning I'm learning things from reading
the script so it's awesome so right now
it is 12 and from 12:00 to 1:30 I'm
reading the script then I got a meeting
at 2 this is gonna I probably eat
because we can't forget to eat but I had
a banana inside you saw I opened that
yesh like a bowels alright he just got
home actually 20 minutes late start with
24 minutes they start reading my script
so I'm gonna start quick go go go quick
and hopefully Amma will be kind enough
to make a run to the store to get food
for us but I got a stack of scripts
right here and we're gonna start reading
takeout Max is starting with a TV show
script so it's 37 pages and that bad
page one here we go check out what I'm
signing just some giant movie posters
you know what's up buy em buy em buy it
right hey
wata all right finish your script the TV
script was really funny really really
good my 15 minutes before I have to head
to our next meeting so I see some food
also will get this handsome guy you'll
understand very soon this second meeting
let's go feeling good feeling feeling
amazing mostly cuz I pooped is it
pooping great I loved whooping okay
meeting welcome to a documentary about
nature
mother from Zumba fr and I tell me that
was hose breeze ie ie so I'm at my
meeting early how much thinking early
Lily I know because I don't want to go
home to my meetings because I'm only 15
minutes early not gonna text us like yo
can you dress up in this meeting I'm
like going up and down and indeed a
sweater so hope that's fine and now a
documentary about nature mmm and now the
queen bee I'm Beyonce stunt double when
you walk into your apartment and you
literally see this Hill home makes sense
very soon my meeting was great it was
awesome is that a very fancy place but
whatever I do my thing I had a pee so
badly so I'm gonna do that ask Superman
live is tomorrow by the way so if you're
watching this right now right now the
time is 9 right now literally right now
the time this vlog released unless
you're not watching one of these which
is later which is where notifications
why were you at but um it's really right
now if you watch the log a few hours
from now ask Superman life will be
happening what am i doing and my phone
is here and so it's me at youtube.com
slash Lily's thing which is my other
main channel so make sure you go there
cuz that's going on and what I was gonna
say right now um also to the Casper Club
is dropping in a few hours and um I got
a P at an order loosing I got a piece oh
my god so did I tell you what happened
okay so I'm in my meeting and the
wickedest thing happened it's like it
literally made my day I am so freaking
excited guess what I discovered during
my meeting must swear has pockets Doug
must want to go pockets so happy what do
you think I was gonna say like I got a
movie with me nah be my sweater I got
pockets
I'm just paying up the place a bit I had
to do some meeting prep so it's drag
yeah yeah hello
had to do it still dark has to do some
meeting prep for the meeting I have
right now is Kyle if you remember master
knots watered we're discussing some
exciting things we should really go I'm
just walking back and forth or now we
should be really cool I'm so excited
about that I love him he has some great
energy how how does it happen I just
like I do I do I do this
I'm he had some great energy so excited
about that now people put a bed net over
that whoo
and that's going on I still have a long
night ahead of me after this meeting I
got a shoot one more scene with my club
for my club with Casper a thing that
just involves me and involves some prep
so I have to do that shoot it edit the
whole thing because it's releasing
tomorrow 11:00 a.m. because that's the
ideal time for Casper's audience he said
so I'm gonna try to match that time so
edit that whole video and then I got our
we did entire movie script still because
tomorrow I have to do a self tape and
then I got also prep for a Superman live
tomorrow make sure my programmer
everything works as a long night ahead
of us but we're gonna do it mmm having a
meeting with Colin he ordered an entire
restaurant for us the entire um and this
is the unboxing Wow a lot of food I see
the word nachos I'm very happy about it
all I got corn we got look oh I'm so
full I can't even breathe so you know
hospice of that wanna God just left he's
like what that guy he's a great guy
humbles in our homes I can't shoot my
little thing I need for a Casper video
yeah but I can set up for it maybe do
the dishes or something I don't know
what I'm gonna do end up lonely lonely a
little unwilling honey I'm right in the
Anna and I mean it's 10:00
we still got mad ish to do right now so
- let's just get toy I'm sorry I'm like
so weird alright so I have to do my
eyeliner because yesterday video add
eyeliner so I'm trying to look like it's
the same day and same look fortunate on
the sink on eyeshadow because they did
my make about the shoe earlier yesterday
but one of the same thing hopefully it
looks too close enough um would you like
to see my situation you'll understand
what you see the video this is my
Casper shrine and I'm gonna light some
candles
make the banging thing happen that's
what's up
at our closet is now a Casper shrine
casual alright it's 11:13 we'll start
editing this video mad sleepy situations
of one right now the time is 1240 9 a.m.
I'm so on done editing
I just finished laying out everything
and it's cut properly now I need to do
audio and like tweaking and making sure
it makes sense and fixing some stuff I'm
really better realizing how long's kids
are like I thought those skills we made
before a minutes it's like 7 my brain
else I got so sure that's definite steps
along skip least at it you know keep
nodding that's my update time time we
Lilly dang homie earned him to sleep
these days I was supposed to read a
whole movie script I didn't do it so I
asked for a better extension
we'll see what happens if not then we're
gonna have to cram it in somehow cuz
most supposed to actually do the self
tape tomorrow but I always liked like
digest script first that video took so
long to edit oh my god
I hope you like it on there are some
that's my phone there are some visit I'm
doing it I'm saying the toilet but let
me double-check it's on for um there are
some technical errors that I've learned
while shooting with certain angles but
we learn we live we learn I really like
I think it's funny and I hope you all
like as well I'm going to edit this vlog
and then go to sleep because I gotta
wake up for ask super alive tomorrow and
in posting the video basically in
posting blog and I'm posting the video
at 11:00 a supermoon laughs at 12:00 and
tomorrow as a reward our Tesla's coming
we should name it Tessie Tessie Tesla
does he have to figure it out but that's
exciting so I'm very excited about that
I hope you had a wonderful day and
inspiring day I hope you worked hard I
hope you took some steps towards
achieving your goals because that's
what's all about well ha something hard
being happy and smiling genuinely um and
thanks for joining me my name
No if you liked it subscribe if you like
it subscribe right
you know casual day at work chill where
we got a secret project with some really
cool people and we're excited also they
make me take my shoes off I didn't do my
toenails I told myself to shave I shave
and I do it's always something I do my
joining us now it's gonna be whole thing
having to judge me no that's my story
