guess who's back from Hawaii this
professional right here I got very weird
hours of sleep we landing at 5 a.m. came
home I napped and I've been killing it
ever since I'm just out here Lady Sings
Russell we're hustle what is it when we
caught the hard-earned productivity live
and today is gonna be the most
productive day
Heather here's the bitch for today you
get a pimple did that right script shoot
a class release the video - zipper
Zing's record an audition tape gold in
my hand box write some more thought
starters that's a lot of things what
it's okay you know why cuz we have a lot
of gains to acquire today I just thought
of an idea for my club and it's so dope
actually let me rephrase
I just recycle an idea for my club I
actually wrote this a year and a half
ago it is the first script I wrote when
I knew I was clapping with Selena Gomez
the first time I clad with her we didn't
get to do that one inside we did a newly
friend game but this group I'm holding
on to for like two years and I've
tweaked it and I'm gonna shoot it today
so give me the points I'm out here
editing my audition tape right now
I made Kyle do it with me twice because
I blink so much y'all are awesome you
see like the edited versions of videos
the jump cuts in between those jump cut
I blink so much my thing is faces on
it's not your montage of blinky thinking
faces
is it I want the shoe to collab and the
person standing right there and you
don't know whatever I'm looking right at
them you can assure you know shut your
dirty mouth I will not show you all
right listen you're part of my team
today you're gonna try our team meeting
let's do it
I want our team meeting any complaints
suggestions to open-door policy which
feel comfortable want you guys to be
happy so yeah buddy
it's bad for your pores all right
anybody else what's up I just feel like
as a VP that if we could maybe get the
script like more than five minutes
before we get a storyboard you can light
better get props yeah not when I arrived
right great points everybody
not everyone's fed anything else I
haven't paid a while then we paid in a
while I might have missed her going
through I was thinking something we
could do to improve the channel every
Mortal you estimate first minimum four
hours Luke my videos click yes we log
out of my account I can't track it
thumbs down other creators we've been
doing that you know all those comments
that say I'm giving away an iPhone let's
give one away yeah yeah five five I have
another suggestion sup we need to get
some M&Ms can see these this vomit on
his sweater already mom's spaghetti you
look so nervous mom expected she was
calm and ready to drop bombs way to keep
on forgetting what he wrote down the
whole crowd will come up
oh one more thing okay
no like Saturdays and Sundays can we
knock them off okay first of all this
family did you wake up before noon mmm
could you guys sleep later than a p.m.
no easier 7:01 you sleep in okay you
vote asleep you roll up here at 8:00 me
I'll never see time
we're all doing here in slept in 84
years because you've been sleeping on
all those brand Yogesh indie games
having HR guy someone give love in a
play to break you can do longer today
we're playing with your partner's some
jokes you know no big I love those who
don't do anything for those people
except wake up early except for that
lets go to grocery store get some
healthy food I am so tired right now
explain the flight from lassen is really
catching up to me I released my video
keep the pointed super 60 in the boys
y'all love the cloud with Nick Jonas
which makes me so happy I just need to
say let it be known in all the mother F
and land right now that Nick's team is
amazing Nick is amazing as well but I
have to commend it seemed so easy to
work with and just like they get it and
I was like give yourself a mother effing
slow plant just like just what I'm gonna
do on my end this vlog right now and
then imma go hot tubbing from the hot
Obama jump straight into bed which is
why I'm ending the vlog noggin I'm so
tired I'm a little warm up cuz it's cold
and I'm gonna sleep I can keep up with
going jumping into the bed let's see how
we did today
good stop Liddy come on crazy crab we're
busy up inside really really fast
you never listen really quickly iris
apfel former saying that's moving in
there and I can't say what it is but it
was really cold back I'll be enjoy the
top glass of Chris has more to come and
tell them who if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe also yeah
that's so like that's gonna be like that
probably forever when you're watching
this right now by the way December 1st
it is my two year anniversary since
moving to LA and my one year anniversary
since owning this home can you believe
it it's been a year a single tear
