I'm bout to Merc my inbox good morning
good afternoon is 1:15 got up ate
breakfast got some breakfast burritos
they made the wrong one meaning humble
work fine inspired by the breakfast
burritos but very grateful for the fact
that we could get breakfast burritos
somebody tell stares even still I'm
catching up on all the emails I have a
34 33 right now I just did a few I'm
gonna murk through them like it's my job
it was also video day and we got some
work to do humbly God worked you magic
you're mad work session and that's
what's going down he's like I'll just
point out these are my legs not under
the table my inbox is at zero
that's what's up they're still makeup on
video this makeup would not come off the
matter why I like scrubbed off a layer
of my skin but still nothing in boxes at
zero everything is label and looking
beautiful
I don't just got word that my Tesla's
gonna be ready on Wednesday which is two
days from now
oh my god I'll have a car about what
that feels like to have a car and
function also humbles new song favorite
yet stays in my mind every time he plays
it for the next like four days I saw the
inside inside things I don't crack under
the pressure man
like every time I'm not a flute that is
the kicked voice you will like this mix
yeah it's crazy go check out his channel
if you want to check it out is dope get
that promo Hummel get that promo humble
oh I just got another email
dammit facetiming with my mom you know
she's wearing a unicorn sweater so years
later it's my swear that's why it's the
all I want for Christmas is a unicorn
alright there is a new great glam and
there is a new game of Thrones trailer I
think this is the trailer number 2 I
think there's like five drillers okay
there's look a hundred trouble we're
gonna watch it two minutes and three
seconds by the way the premiere for Game
of Thrones is yesterday and I did not go
and I'm devastated devastated I'm
telling you you tell them to so the
actually so you know you did your speech
before the premiere yeah she came up in
front everybody and said if anybody
leaves what you're about to see right
now I'm gonna cut off your head nice
nice I thought you don't get nice I got
crazy insane packages that's open dumb
alright the first one some pink city
same company that said ya dope Jersey
key boy or wort WrestleMania
big city I love you I loved you because
basically this this was it so this
design is taken from a good 3d mural on
Queen Street in Toronto how dope is this
so now I'm gonna wear a bigger picture
besides
oh my god or do you have like the signs
and are the long took oh my god this is
so dope look at this
look at that but let me tell you why I
love it ready are you ready because of
the coins in time I think it's a burst
of all so you could like where oh my god
it's legit reversible I freakin love
this thank you so oh thank you so much
I'm just saying it's completely can you
calm down stop sending my stuff yo
what's up what's up and I'm just
chilling here you know I mean the we
know it doesn't have a sound but I'm
trying okay it appears to be a gift from
YouTube whoo family finally let's test
it on the floor all right what is this
cuz you created so much for the world we
created something for you oh my god oh
my god this is so cool
it's called comments and it says 30
pieces of original art inspired by real
fan comments is that dope house like art
is art looking through the front it just
I this is really good dope coffee table
book you inspired to be the reason you
inspire me to be the reason some of us
miles each day thanks y'all this is a
dope everything of them came it presents
presents presents alright
this is Pharrell's a new brand so he has
a brand I think about preserving these
oceans
g-star raw for the oceans made from
recycled ocean plastic created by
Pharrell Williams
hola hola oh look at this it's a happy
octopus that's multicolored this is so
me doesn't no no it is not
it's not his swimming he just thought he
does he just wants all my things yes
okay this oh oh and what is the saying
all the hold on is that something on it
what the f are you doing to my ocean
text o on the back along there says this
is cute
this one doesn't a big desert alright
then thank you so much you start with G
star rock or the oceans I dig anything
that's for good cause for all props you
props to this puppy
7:44 just finished reading writing my
video idea it does involve my parents
which make ya'll very happy i mean i'm
gonna harass humble help me shoot a
little part of it it's gonna be good we
gonna shoot we're still shooting about
15 minutes gonna go over the script a
few more times print it out hi that it
skipped up market shopping t goddamn
thing you know and then this was up to
answer your question yes humble and i
were the same clothes every day
the real answer is we don't change our
clothes and we're lazy yeah what the
hell why would i do want to do more
laundry dammit my lunch I keep
forgetting my laundry's the damn thing
alright you dad know about you this
video which means humble is getting
kicked out or he's going to his room and
put on headphones this is a situation we
got the mind but the camera we know it's
there because surely it is about every
argument with my parents ever I'm just
thinking are all the things parents do
and they argue with you and I think it's
pretty good I like it I like this video
if the good one is a good is a good one
it's a good one so I just got a shooting
Lilly's rant and Lily's part of skit and
before I put on my parent costumes when
we'll grab some food because one time
there's Benjy that might not be so easy
and it might be closer so that's going
on I've destroyed the place as per usual
I'm going on my night suit and in my
slippers let go
alright just finish eating it is 10:00
I'm moving slow I got so much stuff to
do before I sleep with as 10 I'm about
to go changing the pram tweet already
pram tweet is done and now I'm about to
do man tweet and that's what's going on
right let's get this past I've so much
stuff in my makeup bag it takes me like
five minutes to find anything where is
my beard oh there it is there nice and
my beard brush
first thing we're gonna do is we're
gonna make the eyebrows a little bit
thicker people are shocked at how
quickly I can transform into and Ethan
like guys I had to do it in like well I
did during intermission for the show but
it's still like I did it within like 90
seconds to be honest because I wanted to
spend the rest of the intermission
eating cookies and fruit also for the
show I never did this step because
there's it would be really hard for me
to get my eyebrows back to how they
would because I turned back into Lily
and so the beard was hard enough so I
never did the eyebrows or the chest hair
for the show oh hello you see the thing
about kids is they destroy my house
every single time like time to edit this
is gonna be a beast and a half to edit
why do I do this the days I have least
amount of time well I didn't have least
amount of time that's a lie but like it
was so late when I started actually
writing my idea and thought or an idea
and I always made it the hardest video
every single time
well we gonna parse every year we go
make it happen thank you hello that was
much too of a normal reaction that means
he's way too you see this Antonio here
may just 1 a.m. which means that videos
very late but I'm just saving it now and
I'm uploading it was a beast and I have
to edit but I'm happy with it I kinda
love it I think it's kind of great
here's a screenshot if you want to check
it out it is on my main channel what
your link is in the description so you
can go ahead and go there and nothing
more that's a dog sent you I just stuck
out mad ish to do I'm gonna see what I
can pawn off till tomorrow
pawn to tomorrow pawn procrastinate
procrastinate the word I'm looking for
told some her but I'll server 9:00 a.m.
call in 8 hours and then I have a shoot
also in my dish to do there's - honey
post of the video and managed to clean
the apartment winning I might add this
vlog now go to sleep I would call at 9
hungry I have this thing where I'm
always hungry um might eat something
stand by
I just ate a whole bunch of chicken what
happened was he got these raps this
morning and I'm like they taste are
different but Hummels humble was like I
think there's meat in mind then he's
like not on outs not I mean the other
half of his rap there's definitely in it
I took a piece of like small to my
smells familiar tasted
definitely chicken so hopefully my
stomach doesn't die because a fun fact
if you're vegetarian and then you eat
chicken your stomach a fortune I went to
throw this away
uh-huh your stomach can't like break
that ish down so but it wasn't that much
I'm gonna take a few bites but now the
real problem is what else do I eat daily
okay I don't know why it's a Orioles
because I can't get it out of my teeth
and I need to get it out of my teeth
before my Invisalign back in and I just
brushed my teeth and rinse their mouth
and they're still Oreo stuck in my teeth
why do i why do I do these things it is
so late I need to go to bed I had his
log ain't doing early I got a shoot I
got a call and tomorrow evening on
collabing with Casper excited but a lot
of work to do yeah that's how I'm doing
but we're getting it done
isn't it amazing we're gonna persevere
through it like we always do and I'll
still harder than we were at a slope
your pattern ended with the food thank
you for joining me on another day I hope
you had a great a great grateful
stupendous day and we shall chatty end
well hugs and kisses your way if you
liked it subscribe yo if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe this
first time in my life I just got pranked
my first time in my life you're by this
guy this is camera it's a Canon Vixia I
look like a French it's a fisheye lens
he's so sweet oh he's been so
understanding and so patient I've been
the most annoying person to collaborate
with
