I'm a very sleepy person okay so my
alarm didn't go off
poppy and Ashley we're downstairs and
they woke me up and I'm a horrible
person and I jump in the shower now and
I don't know what's happening so I guess
my hair makeup was happening on a weed I
hat I can't express to how tired I am
this morning was one of those morning's
where I was like I'm okay to fail in
life as long as I can sleep more also
I'm like so tired and cranky I'm a
different person like I'm so tired I'm a
different person like my name is Felicia
and I have a gun and like that's kind of
me when you alter ego and I'm really
cranky like Lilly's right here this is
what this Felicia right now and Felicia
gonna cut you so tired I want to cry
but no we will persevere you will
persevere a bunch of chorded opening
right now I'm so excited
Jess would be my walk yeah Jen she's
dull she's awesome wearing killed game
right now it's gonna be awesome mom
knows all good in humbles in background
also just being candid um but that's
what's going on Lego and this is as on
fleek is I'm gonna look in his good
progressively get worse and worse and
worse don't know what everyone I'm
releasing a case super and I'm talking
to you future world changes about we
stories today we're going to chat with
some amazing strong young women to find
out what female empowerment means to
them I just met this lovely later here's
Rowland and we're like BFFs now which is
what is so so much girl oh we just
awesome think my vlog channel I'll come
out soon just don't grow meat world
which is like my entire existence oh my
god but I don't gotta run up new things
I want to introduce you she's so lovely
smaller on everything okay they're
calling me wait alright so we just
finished the first video it was do the
second one right now this one's gonna be
with Hannah Simone and Amanda la
Stenberg so basically CC from new girl
Andrew from Hunger Games which obviously
you're you know I'm here you know um I'm
very excited about a good time I love
these questions basically it is it's a
something called we stories and it's
also an association with girl love and
it's just awesome sauce ladies having a
conversation about female empowerment
for the cause they believe in what the
platform's they use and it's been called
my vlog channel both the videos some
tarnish not as quick as my daily vlogs
but soonish has to be awesome and
humbles you're holding down team super
Luiza shower sweet a shout out shout out
for every Rafiki that you purchase
you're helping to give clean water to
somebody in the world that's what's up
that's what's up and where can they
purchase this I'm guessing we org
widowed or is that correct
we org look at that I know my I know my
stuff my facts my factual also I'd like
to put a humble bought a new shirt for
weed a humble why did you share for weed
and your brand-new shirt
yeah and that'll be folded these freqs
Frank for extra swag 17 books yeah it's
dripping in swagoo like I'm like oh my
hands for the book like this is like the
most economical them their zippers on
the side come on come on come on look at
this killing the game killing the game
you're still in the show right now I
don't even looking at me all the
excitement is happening right now
because my quantum side is Amanda I'm so
saying she looks mad on for first when
she walks in with this dope AF jacket
lowering my self-esteem by psychic
walking into place like an office I'm
stuck psychic via mandala and it's gonna
be Han and we're gonna have some
awesomesauce discussions about female
empowerment all the guns feel a gun yeah
okay she legit has guns though I just I
got no ammo up in here but uh puzzles
going on we want to do this thing which
atill we should shoot like mad chill
chicka we booked us how this is right
now extremely early for us in the
morning is more like 5:00 in the morning
obviously right now we're partying yeah
all night I was hung right to work about
5:30 to me that's nice that's oh man
I'll just stay out right you might as
well just stay up until 5:00 yeah it's
the thing it's a thing or buddy do this
I'm is who's tired I'm a tiny tiny
nobody died up here ain't nobody touch
yeah I did I think I use my platform
just by trying to start conversations
that seems like the most important
aspect of it cuz I'm never gonna tell
anyone if they're wrong or writers day
you know I really just want to start a
discussion at the end of the day what
this moment right now so you don't
understand first of all I have a crush
on her okay we text and I've never met
is first up this is how friendships
happen you talk to strangers on the
internet okay exchange it won't always
work out always works out great but a
buddy meeting Hannah and she's wonderful
and lovely and everything ever wanted
life and more yeah she's everything
everyone and more and she has soft arms
it's like a bonus of it all thing we get
married
basically we get married
you know how many people it's so strange
ever since we started talking so many
people on like a daily basis of out of
nowhere been like you know you really
remind me of Hana Samoa my really like i
reverse-engineered talking is very
strange but basically somewhat ball
soulmates a mandala tude she's well here
they came in with that and no one's
tired so does that no alive I'm very way
saying she's alive oh my god haha these
jokes into ends I got this is it this is
the last time they're gonna happen is
right now I'm the last person to make
gun this is done it's done guys it's
done
oh my god that was so refreshing and so
awesome and so much fun and now we're
heading to the carpet and I'm not
wearing heels wearing flats which is
phenomenal and in the salon all right
now
I'm so exhausted myself like two hours
or not even a little less 1/2 hours till
I go up on stage
um and Emmys in the room next to us and
she's flawless she's so pretty
like she said she walked by me she's but
she's stunningly she's stunningly
gorgeous she is tall but there's so much
good anyway right I went to Big Sean Oh
Mike hey Lily and you're going somewhere
I'll sock you later how's that for
honesty I'm just so I'm such a creep
when any people whose symbol Big Sean
he's actually like a total I know Big
Sean is Big Sean big I don't think he
was that tall no he wasn't that tall one
you so nice so ever so nice so so nice
dope environment dope energy all the
things but we might have DJ I don't know
if I told you in the vlog on your shoes
real quick I just did you oh what was
that oh oh it was what when did this I
asked right I obviously stopped basely
then sr and she's so sweet am i take the
whole time I get home but she's so sweet
and she's honestly she's easily one of
my favorite people on the block was she
asked me for my number and I like only
to take a picture with my friend a and
then it's a couple pictures that's not
think of her my number I'm not that easy
hey he is that easy B I'll tell you the
story when I get home but she's honestly
easily one my favorite people on the
planet she's so sweet
so just very kind energy warm kind
Andrea title story because I'm just seen
on those people here and I already told
them to it twice and just security can
we get ready are you quite humble I'm
having fun Osia Bramall a problem
ah or I wish I asked you the schedule
yeah you got a big job ah I've been
snacking yeah but a lot of super cool
people attack
ah what's been the highlight for you so
far so you know obviously well actually
a lot of people i like i said i got 500
to meet Hannah and that's been like a
long long long long time coming
Selena obviously I don't really look a
lot of really really cool be about the
founder way before yeah so I met him in
Ottawa time NY and today um yeah super
dope I learned all about in school like
red killer so dope so no we're all going
to the stage right now that's all I got
well you got is more than enough
oh thanks totally this that's it she's
good of love you know I tried it's just
embarrassing
yeah
No
she walking back and forth like she's
getting ready to beat somebody up
dock energy of these kids I love it
before I had a great great time everyone
was like as soon as I went up throwing
up their ass logos was like freaking
love you all I of course just I was like
Oh since then I'm gonna go home and take
the biggest nap ever because I'm like a
lie I'm like super tired we're feeling
pushes but I just got a meeting
scheduled and went straight to meeting
now then after the meeting then go home
hopefully take a nap but it is also
video days so NASA was going on I'm
actually give my vlog camera to Humble
to take home so I'm not gonna block for
a little bit so I'm gonna miss you so
much me good home from my meeting uh it
was with Whitney Cummings if you don't
know that isn't like a huge fan she had
a show called Whitney she also wrote two
Broke Girls and she's so freaking dope
and I adored her she look today was a
day full of amazing energy like so much
good energy to last me like at least to
the next month to be like Oh still
feeling good up that day we're home now
we're gonna eat cuz food was not a thing
today
food food didn't happen today I feel
well nobody like food didn't happen I
just didn't eat anything and so we're
not eat now and of course it is video
day ok I need to take a nap I'm gonna
die I news taken out a dancer question
if you're wondering I didn't meet Demi
um there was so many people I met Big
Sean briefly um I didn't mean Demi she
was performing what I had a really busy
schedule and so I couldn't really have
an overlap time and I have this bull
where I don't like to meet people right
before they're about to perform because
I perform I know I get a little bit like
anyone get in the zone I don't to meet
anyone I was so I don't like if like
someone's going onstage in a few minutes
I'm not trying to like help I my name is
I just not not about that but um I saw
her and she's next to me and she's
gorgeous as I mentioned Selena is the
best I just love her I adore her I
honestly think she's one of my favorite
energies on the planet um I started
briefly because she had to fly had to go
to a flight and I was like hey I'm a few
marie said of course I remember you did
stop and I was like it was like talking
to a friend and she was just like so
sweet she's like so happy for all your
success that I was like I'm gonna come
to your shows ok I come with my team no
no just she's literally the best like I
feel she does she never makes me feel
any type of way smaller than her ever
she's just always like
Maddo probably I was saying humble like
she's probably the chillest person I'm
not gonna say out of like celebrities
she's probably Chile's person I've ever
met in my entire life like out of
everyone I've ever met just mad Joe but
super great day super great energies I'm
so so grateful that I got to go and
speak to these amazing kids that are
definitely gonna change the world and
make the world a better place because
they're so capable of doing so um and
alongside all those amazing people that
I'm huge fans of so thank you so much
and I'm so grateful and I'm gonna take a
nap now because I'm gonna die all right
then
oh my god it is 9:00 I'm gonna try I'm
so tired I'm crying I'm crying honey
baby I don't know what I'm gonna do I
haven't decided yet
all I know is I'm crying right now I'm
sure your selves coming uh-huh debate
not making a video and now I'm gonna say
something we do um cam one of the
organizers of Li day is like we're going
to a Mexican place I'm like I kind of
really want food though I've had such a
long day I want food I haven't eaten
anything properly it will actually had
that stuff earlier but still wasn't like
a proper proper ting debating going them
so tired also because they're from
Toronto and I'm not explaining I'm just
thinking a lot
they're from Toronto and they're in LA
for like a little bit of time so I was
like maybe I should just be a human for
a second not make a video and go to
Mexican restaurant with them still come
home it's still sleep very early still
be very tired but I can't even imagine
making your video and I'm so tired at
such a long day and you guys are the
best first of all because I didn't even
mention anything else on Twitter and so
and people you woke up certainly for we
day don't make over heels okay brush so
Mike you guys just the sweetest ever um
to be mad at me I'm sorry this is
Lilly's ghost right now cuz I'm good I'm
gonna go eat nachos now I'm still so
dying my bad person I don't make a video
you're like yes well now you guys know
if you ever meet Lily you wanna get
attention to scream nachos
it's not even that it's also like after
such a long day I want to like hang out
with those people I only see them out we
do and they're really cool and a really
good energy and I want to like girl
Canadian I want to celebrate the day it
was a good day
you know a lot of positive energy a lot
of inspirational celebrate that is it's
the natural thing to do after along that
busy nachos yeah I'd be going against
the forces of nature if I didn't do this
if it was possible you're right we
should go we're back home we just went
to ate nachos mingled with some good
people I'm in physical and mental pain
Mike you can play I'm so tired but I
don't remember the last time in my life
I was the tired so I'm just shut up now
and a wash my hair because this whole
hairspray I'm going to edit this vlog
and want to go to sleep tomorrow I have
a shoot and then I have a stylist
appointment at night I'm really sorry
for not posting a video I'm sorry I'm a
bad person I try to make Monday's extra
good what did you say huh what your
bathroom oh I saw like a man it's all
good going through puberty because voice
is changing people like guys I don't
think so I think we just grow boobs
hey do you like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe if you liked this subscribe
every time I have to my orthodontist she
looks mad hot there's no find up just
like just like every time I walk in I'm
like how the we was so hot all the
time every single time and I come in
looking like sloth and the phone falling
anyway go
