the cough syrup did nothing good morning
it's okay because I'm up I'm working I'm
feeling good ain't no cop gonna stop me
we decide yesterday the sickness is not
gonna start them anymore we're doing it
no naps will be taken nope people will
be felt sorry for nothing will be like
that
there's no pity party here you see any
people having a pretty party none no
people no pretty party I'm up I'm doing
work I would post this vlog yesterday my
medicine made me kind of drowsy not too
too drowsy so last night when I did is I
binge-watched finally fuller house not
binge watch i watch it five episodes
that kind has been what but binge
watching it feels like 10 episodes
that's five I was like normal who
watches any less than five episodes I
love it I absolutely adore it I grew up
with full house and so I love the
cheesiness I love the reference to all
the old jokes I just love it I even saw
my friend make a cameo and it like
really quickly he plays a DJ for two
seconds regime I just I love it it's so
good I'm gonna watch it every single
date I'm gonna be devastated when I'm
there watching it but that's just that's
my life right now
coughs fuller house and a lot of work
let's get to it
it's cough syrup did nothing I did
nothing but I'm ready to go to my first
meeting when I said little Bob Marley
one let me know it's not where my
lettuce - no I just mean sexual urges
day outside so it's like a delicious
delicious day had this meeting to come
back do some work aye sir
I also oh my god so I woke up in a panic
because I realized that there was
something in my schedule that was
double-booked and if my friend is
watching this she's gonna kill me but
basically my very very very very close
friend like I don't really use the term
best friend often but like the closest
things I have two best friends are these
two twins that I grew up with in
Scarborough and when I was getting
married and it was the same time as an
event that I had confirmed for somehow
it disappeared out of my calendar but
I'm basically not going to that event to
go into the wedding instead because
there's certain times where if you're a
workaholic you gotta decide what your
priorities are and she's my priority and
that's my party I'm gonna go and I'm so
excited because it's like I owe this
closest friends and I'm so excited to
see them that's like many months from
now but still I just want to tell you I
woke up in a panic
just wish my meeting one of the best
meetings that I had they were just so
cool and so chilling had such a good
time I was also coughing my life at the
whole time where I can talk about that
no stop uh coughing you talk about cough
Gammons I'm talking about you are you
talking more coughing you might drop by
in overtime Oh coughing heading back now
I want more calls today possibly two
we'll see and then his work work work
work work I'm think about doing
tomorrow's video today how many times
you heard me say that but I have an idea
already so and it's like a long time to
shoot so that's what I'm thinking about
doing what back home having deep senti
talk to the humble my cough is not a
normal car by just telling humble this
effin cough syrup the doctor gave is not
working I can feel my chest being
congested and not breathing properly but
aside from Oliver custody is not about
the cough happiness Brants any more
stuff now if you don't remember this
friend in the pants I wear every single
day of my life
you might think that they're paying me
to say I'm not I just I wear them every
day
humble can vouch ever could about two
dead the kangaroo thing I wasn't
happiness I wasn't every day they said
me more stop because I probably only
wear their stuff because I don't change
my clothes
um let's see what I got more plan to add
to the collection yellow passes the
happiest I'm a static Questacon with
2dos sweaters thank you so much
graduations on Unicorn island you're so
talented keep creating and spreading
happiness to rock the happiness family
happiness bread thank you so much I have
another pair of pants to put a rotation
now no or three pounds are people over
and over again yes as is t-shirt as as
iconic
ah that my iconic not really but close
not really but I can wait and chill yeah
to my medicine because I legit can't
breathe my chest so congested but it is
making me a little bit rusty so before
my call watching episode of fuller house
look at me didn't lose your things
throughout the day who do I think I am
some sort of non workaholic but I want
to do this I can't be and I also
remember that my doctor said he was
gonna give me a puffer and her gave me
one that would be really helpful right
now $150 two hours later no dad Papa dad
Oh sunshine in my eye bo just had my
last call I can't breathe my chest feels
like it's 700 pounds I don't know what
to do I'm not again breathe I know - -
as I move my head hurt I feel I got
enough oxygen going to my brain right
now I'm like mail me a new hyung like
I'm reading a deep brother in here
I know if you lose you're like it feels
very wise that big Davey people's I got
the doctor I went the back and doctors
in literature I get rid leave Ike steam
the steam do something and I'm a steam
room maybe I can just create seems like
a pot remember what you did for me on
tour maybe that'll work
I don't know ahem breathe okay so I love
fuller house because me and Connor has
conversation where everyone else seems
to be like Oh wasn't good it wasn't good
and he was like it was amazing I'm gonna
watch it and I just texted him saying
it's amazing I already watched nine
episodes only four left and I'm
devastated that there's only four left
it's like making me forget the fact that
I can breathe it's giving me breath and
life and I love it it's a great
I'm Karen why she left for epsilon I
don't care can't breathe
everyone feel sorry for me no one feels
sorry for me I'm doing no work I'm
watching fuller house technically it
could be considered work because I'm
becoming familiar with pop culture and
getting inspiring the honestly I just
can't breathe and you know on the type
of person where I feel good right now I
also had a meeting had a conference call
did all my emails posted a vlog had a I
just want other things as well
and still I'll be like I don't enjoy
anything there's a lot to do a stupid
amount of things to be like that just me
it's not let's just me
but um oh my god I'm gonna watch these
corpses how do i I just finished the
last episode of fuller house it's so
good oh my child it hurts the heart I
need there to be a second season like I
need it I physically emotionally
mentally need there to be a second
season can you google and see the 2nd
season let me know the comments below
because I need one what time is it
I'm meeting for tomorrow morning I can
tell time now even more reason to be
useless right now
it's 11:30 all I have tomorrow is video
da I think the video is gonna do today
but I did not do today let me go / well
no I'm like useless I just I haven't
done an alarming amount of work I've
only done like by things not the usual
20 I usually do ohh
Hamo accorded a video titles but you
know he's probably trying our Deen
himself from yesterday two days like
monopoly deal situation so I get it all
right it's 11:48 p.m. I'm gonna add this
vlog get into bed
keeps it talking about my day and then
justifying oh but no I still did a lot
of things to the fact that that's
because I feel guilty this is this is
really feeling guilty what not doing as
much work she could and I've been doing
that for the past couple days and so
that's absolutely driving me crazy
and I keep saying I'm gonna plan Claire
actually know what today to plan a club
I did that as well
I booked a clap na can tell you with who
but for next week so I did that hmm nope
so feel guilty um I need to do more work
tomorrow I need to go back to be where
productive self I don't know what's
wrong with me I don't know musings a cop
but today genuinely I was having a hard
time with the breathing thing there just
wasn't feeling myself as that isn't it -
I need to get back to myself and come on
with me today we're making an awesome
video that's gonna happen it's always
they have to do tomorrow so there's no
excuses to why I can't do a bunch of
other stuff which is what's gonna happen
right elbow
oh yeah lon yah Mon yeah Mon uh hugs
that's good
yeah but now I'm going to edit slog jump
into bed fall asleep watching some shows
and I resent Sarah attacks being my full
house is amazing I'm I got everything I
had yeah thank you for joining me
another day I hope you had a great day
up here today way more productive than
mine comment below let me know what you
did today let's talk about it let's talk
about our days would you do complet let
me know and I'll read them and I'll I'll
try to reply to as many as I can um but
in the meantime if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe also we just
announced a world streaming hty party
check out my Twitter for information if
you liked it subscribe great let's get
that medicine third doctor cousin all
the tests again yeah you know what I
really just think it's cold am i I get
it I understand thank you why are you
telling you over and over again I just
spend 150 bucks for tell them to tell me
that I'm a cold
