I can't tell you how many times I'm
making an omelet but then just turns
into a scrambled egg I just get lazy
like I know it's not done yet it's not
right a flip and I'm like oh yeah yeah
and then scrambled up that's it this is
my breakfast looks very sad but tasty I
mean it's egg whites and mushrooms and
vegan breakfast sausages it is what time
was that kind of slept in it's 11:00 I
woke up at about 10:00 I stayed in bed
for about an hour and I was very sleepy
I don't know what it was probably my
sickness but today when I complain about
sickness today will not be day
complaining of sickness it doesn't
matter it will not be a day I have a
call in an hour and then after that
today there is the premier of natural
born pranksters just like Roman at woods
and like that heightened lush I came or
exactly who else's movie but I'm gonna
check I'm debating going to that of
course I want to go to that but today's
also day where I can get a lot of work
done so I'm gonna try to go and support
and support friends so I'm gonna
probably order that arrange some clubs
and that's not productive great positive
date just finished my first call it
consisted of a lot of putting the phone
on mute and coughing and then unmuting
me like hi we're talking about I'm
totally fine maybe working on my to-do
list I'm gonna take a shower first and
then we need some Greek yogurt I look
forward to my greet your Greek yogurt
every day it's like my prize you know
you're less exciting when your prize is
Greek yogurt and walnuts friggin living
living for it I'm gonna clean my machi
real quick and then get to work just
took some cough syrup I'm asking spike
right now don't yell at me I'm asking
Spike right now like how do I go to the
doctor sooner because if I don't have
insurance can I make an employment
director wait in line I'm a confused
Canadian person but I know I need
antibiotics my coffees not going away so
I'm working on it I promise I'm working
on it
and as much as Olli all yelling at me
trust me when I say my mom is yelling at
me ten times more I'm good I'm a child I
demand a trial by combat what up t-shirt
reference by the way my vlogs every was
always like oh I see her I see my always
playing brawl here it's not here right
now but it's always there I ain't trying
to hide it like I'm not like I just I
just hate bras I just throw them
everywhere I just don't care so I heard
you see we're in a vlog I'm not trying
to hide it I think I'm gonna go to
Urgent Care today because my cough is
exhausting me I don't want to complain
about it anymore so I think that's what
I'm gonna do hopefully that means I can
still go
premiere but we'll see because I don't
know how long the wait there is it's
urgent care but we'll see I'm gonna go
in a little bit okay I'm going to sit
what is on my shirt I'm going to the
doctor's I have four other doctors I'm
going in 20 minutes I hope I don't know
if I'll be able to cross the premier but
I need to learn as a doctor though these
are my priorities you happy no I'm
kidding I know it's for my own good I
just time being wasted but no take care
of myself as part of the job so we're
here we're doing it this is gonna sound
like the most can you get him a shot the
most ungrateful Rend ever and I'm saying
disclaimer I understand that I'm very
privileged and blessed to be in a
situation where I can get health care
and it's fine but as a workaholic
chronicles of a workaholic let me tell
you why I'm annoyed right now okay I've
been to either hospital or doctor
something twice here in America and it's
just very different I'm Canada it's fine
it's very grateful blessed it's fine but
it's like I'm going to hours long two
and a half hours long I dunno its face
might have been in my room hour if I
like a century to me okay I go in and
call into the room three separate
doctors do the exact same tests on me
check my ears check my lungs check my
throat check my eyes check my nose it's
the exact same stuff so what doctor
comes in does it you just have a cough
it's just a cold
you don't need antibiotics or anything
great cool I'm gonna give you one
medicine though great
I'll be back another doctor walks in
does the exact same test also tells me
no just a cold just a cough great
let's get that medicine third doctor
comes in all the tests again yeah you
know what I really just think it's cold
man I get it I understand thank you why
are you telling you over and over again
I just spend 150 bucks for tell them to
tell me that I'm a cold like and this is
why I don't like going to the doctor I'm
not a huge fan of the doctor says I feel
like I generally feel like I know what
is really wrong my body I know something
such a douchebag right now but I'm just
very frustrated I wasted so much time
learning the money thing there's no
price to your health was it so much time
I can't go to the RO
what premiere thing now because it's
already started a couple of minutes gone
I just got home and I'm just like I have
more take matters into my own hands now
I'm gonna get better myself because this
cost of medicine is just like every
other cost nice and he gave me a coffee
medicine look great thanks I thanks I've
been taking coffee medicine it's up I'm
just gonna better myself with my
mentality and my eating what the f I
want so it's got a bunch of carbs don't
care eating it I'm gonna hydrate the F
out of myself
tomorrow I will not be sick we're making
a pact right now I will not be sick
tomorrow and this annoyance will prompt
that tomorrow I would like to end by
saying thank you God forgive me the
healthcare I know that was ungrateful
RAGBRAI I'm just really frustrated
because I just spent the whole day
sitting there and like was told over and
over again I just look off and I'm like
I know I know I have a cough it's not
going away when everyone told me to go
to the doctor I don't I didn't
necessarily want to go my mom would look
me
now there's boo-boos coming out of my
mouth see what's happening what's
happening what's happening also can I
just tell you where it is as a Canadian
it just irks me every time they ever pay
for health care here as a Canadian it
does either don't kind of has free
health care so I go to the doctors and
have to pay anything
the doctor will just see me here it's
just very frustrating for me to be like
oh I have a cough and then I kept that's
$150 I'm like oh what for what alright
after discussing with humble and ranting
with him I would like to update my read
it's not the money that is annoying me
it is if you put me in a position where
I feel like I'm not getting work done
and you're wasting my time and I can't
get work done that aggravates me whether
it's for the right reasons or wrong
reasons that's irrelevant to the
conversation it's just the feeling from
being in a situation where I'm not being
productive and not getting work done
highly annoys me messing that's right
I'm singing highly annoys me so being
sitting there for two hours having doc
three doctors is the exact same test
that aggravates me because I'm like I
could really be accomplishing so much
more right now that I am not
accomplishing that's what it is a very
pleasant person but right now yes I'm
very unpleasant right now because I'm
just like aggravated that I haven't been
productive
yes money gets wasted aside money always
in but time like I don't want my time to
be wasted can make money back can't make
time back unless I so choose to waste my
time just by choice you know I choose to
waste my time playing Monopoly deal
because I'm gonna be doing 700 times
that's fine
I've made that choice okay today what
I'm doing
meeting carbs like I said make myself
feel better I'm southern do a little bit
work I'm gonna watch a lot of like shows
and just like be like you know what
that's it tomorrow you know we're gonna
take over the world this is your last
day of being sick and I'm yelling at my
brain so that's what's happening so
humble and I are tied 3-3 and Ralphie
deal he's made a bit of a comeback as
three three I just want to vlog now
because I know when I beat him movie
today we're done I know you know I met
at home shree by TV do the questions
it's currently five five is that correct
humble why did when do you pick when do
you decide it's time to pick up the
camera I'm gonna know so when it was
three - yes know when it was tile so did
I also bought when I was tied know like
I did either way it's five five we're
tied how about this no matter what
happens the next game will vlog after I
kid does that make you feel better no
matter what happens you see our
friendship is like on the line here
matter what happens next game I'm gonna
vlog what do you think huh what do you
think happened what do you think
happened obviously I won obviously it's
six five I gave it away
oh yeah
you're gonna pay attention the simple
fact I'm just better at him in this game
the simple fact we partners simple flat
simple back simple fact does not pay
attention that is true I didn't just say
no but she literally like his poor
decision just made him lose that's
what's up
you want some more you've had enough for
one day two days in a row now this
problem stick my immune system probably
wouldn't matter to try anymore in life
so easy to win
God just play another game humble joint
how what happened won again I can't even
play with you anymore you suck so much
oh my god seven five you suck they
usually know humbles argue in the bags
I'm doing that two days in a row merge
like Merc egde mortgage oh my god I'm
like the gangster rapper ugly chill I'm
killing the game right now calm down
nor else first rates me not being
challenged wasting time enough there's
not only the waste of my time it's also
not challenging me like I'm losing brain
cells just sitting here next to you
right now what do you per se I'm just
saying when I was winning on my straight
the camera dude
when was the street huh when was the
street it was three - when was the
street telling you it was three - for
you yeah and then what happened okay
couple so there has any kick no it was
three - its I'm the blog three - my
question for you is my question for you
is no no it was never six six cuz it's
seven five right now so that's how you
know he's lying
it was tied at five it was three two
that it was five three for you
this is an idiot unsubscribe to him
please I'm subscribed to he's such an
idiot
honestly I did nothing today I did
absolutely nothing today I just had a
call I did one call once the doctors
missed the second premiere in two days
I'm not a happy camper about this I like
to be productive and I'm safe this vlog
was boring because we're just filled
with me complaining and ranting and then
whooping our moment off with you I mean
I do that every day but the rest of
stuff you know and now I'm tired it was
like 9:30 I'm tired what time is it for
real this is like three what it's 10:00
I'm gonna lie down watch a few shows go
to bed I don't know if I'm gonna
actually have this blog before asleep
which means it might be late tomorrow to
get posted because the medicine makes me
sleepy the medicine I got today am I
supposed to be drowsy so I might just
not go we'll see and I'm gonna allow
myself to do so I'm tying myself when I
wake up tomorrow if that's it it's work
its work its work its work and if I
don't do anything will work I'm gonna
punch myself in the face in the pupil I
will punch myself but I'm thank you for
joining me another day and I'm thankful
boring day I'm sorry I'm hoping that
tomorrow onwards can be fun exciting
days thanks for those things to me
complain for a couple of minutes fine if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it's all cotton I
was wearing those weird I don't know I'm
not myself life is worth living
so live another day sometime thing
doesn't mean you have to give it
I keep cuffing today
