and we have no seeds for a flake good
morning Texas how you do it we woke up
and I don't know if this is a mistake
but we're trying to check in and said if
there are no more seats for your flight
on my house I possible because we need
to be on that flight so we're headed to
the airport right now
the good news is that we're the same
terminals of Fuddruckers so you know
whether we have it sliced up a flight
then we're meeting Fuddruckers on the
flight if you don't then we're see me
having flight records for all the meals
of today stay tuned alright so the
update is I have a seat humbles things
the seat not assigned and there's no one
at the gate yet so we're gonna do the
responsible thing and have flood rockers
well be I'm so excited I'm like 10% less
excited there was Brussels radio for
this auto fare so like the excitement
level is high taste it I want you to
taste these never had this is our metric
would you taste it I want you to enjoy
live the moment
it's really good the was really good the
bun is amazing it doesn't bit of those
buns dough saying you got the last row
on the plane when the seats don't go
back so that's not pleasant we're
heading back to LA now is three-hour
play it is video day as well some we
landed I could do that I feel in from
I've made out with mine okay also I was
checking yesterday's vlog in one of the
comments is why is the listo mean too
humble to toxins like so poor equal you
mean to me do you think it might eat
clearly well no it's not it's not as
fair because I control the vlog so you
see me talking more buddy he makes fun
of me a lot to it so I'd like to I
thought it was a mutual thing it's an AI
that's not telling me so I could be
nicer to you I don't care what you say
two words to each other all the time
thank you thank you no I do i yeah for
the record we don't we'll let each other
each other all the time you make fun of
me all the time and make fun of him all
the time just trying to make fun as long
as it's a creative yeah so and that's
what friends supposed to do I can't have
too many friendships who are all like
are you okay
like can i cater to your feelings are
you larvae I'm stupid but ones you don't
have any yes so I would like to believe
I'm nice too humble you know I mean any
think of one nice thing I've been added
sugar moment I rent your bed another
class sizes nice oh yeah everybody else
know what you a little free deal charity
Weasley charity work get is video day
and I gotta poop been having me hit the
leasing Center for two seconds and he's
there to sign something and these are
things that are happening first to poop
hmm by the way I just want to add to the
clip of people saying I'm not nice to
humble no no I'm just kidding I just
thought of that right now this is a
genius moment on the spot I just want to
work with that humble because I like his
energy you can't work on this side the
desk is legs bumpin so I've told him
I'll switch even though my legs bump as
long as he's comfortable why because I'm
a good friend and I will do this mostly
eating and sometimes I will do
this for him you're gonna see the movie
we're like the plague with spoilers
there the only way oh my god it all
makes sense I'll say why she thinks so
sweet so sweet
can you tell them I'm a nice person
they're gonna believe you she's a nice
person
come on I'm nice
no she is very nice look that's an
honest thing
yeah I'm really mean to him when I make
my remember I know many funny as we've
discussed this I'm not comfortable with
people being super super nice shame that
feels weird
well the story is my knees are very
bruised but I made that sacrifice Rumble
that's the story you know this is the
official reminder that when you see this
log in a couple of hours I'm doing the
hty livestream let me clarify this is
the problem I posted on my Instagram it
is a livestream so many people are
confused every time I play I feel like
I'm gonna like shut down my Twitter and
Instagram account sometimes because I
feel like either I don't communicate
well or people's are reviewed by
captions and I'm like live stream this
time in UK this time and trade that this
time whatever and there be so many
common telling oh my god she's coming
back to Singapore how can I get tickets
in life it's a live stream happening on
my channel youtube.com slash Lily's
thing like I usually do my live streams
on the 14th of every month I'm gonna be
watching the movie mine be showing you
the movie but I'm gonna be watching you
we can watch it together and you can
hear my live commentary and live feels
and all the reactions and all the cool
thing I'm really excited cuz it's kind
of a global family party thing you will
need to have the movie to do this so you
will need to get on YouTube right if you
live in the US or if you live in
anywhere else in the world you can get
the YouTube transactional or Google Play
you don't know how to do that stuff it's
not that hard give it a quick Google
search just put HT UI it'll either be on
Google Play or should be on you should
be able to like buy it from YouTube I
wish I could go through every single
country was available and tell you
exactly how to do it but it's a lot it's
in like a hundred country or something
like that so comment below help each
other out hopefully you can all figure
out a way to get HT UI you can watch it
together I'm really really excited about
it
I'm gonna try to make it all cute and
stuff with popcorn and maybe up like
party hats trailer party hats oh maybe
I'll buy patty a slightly the other
party what's happening it is happening
4:00 p.m. Pacific Standard Time so just
a quick thing is it's that's 70s for
standard time 7 a.m. in Perth sorry 7:00
a.m. in Hong Kong sorry 7 p.m. in
Trinidad midnight in UK 4:30 a.m. in
India 3 a.m. in Dubai I know that's a
lot of AMS and whatever as well there's
so many other countries that you can
watch it in as well
is global livestream global livestream
so they'll be there we hit the
livestream because you are the boss team
and I love you you raise my self-esteem
and this broccoli is green you know when
you watch the movies and somebody's in
front of a computer and they're trying
to like hack into the system they type
ridiculously fast and you're like nobody
even types that fast
except for this guy little look it's
even typing real words like that but
then I also realized this because I feel
like I type with the tips of my fingers
so I'm just like J age she liked the
tips because she has long nails she has
the type of like the philosopher fingers
that she typed like this so apparently
the story checks out
but how do you guys think about now go
ahead go to keyboard and how do you type
on your keyboard do you type with like
this what do you type like this okay
I type like this and you're saying you
type like this yes but when I see you
time I see this this is pretty flood
does he have meals they get it but I'm
just saying it's literally sound like
she's she's hacking into the CIA
every second of every moment was he I
think that's the determination to get
the script done she's just like it's
like done video I'll give her that one
you need the limb
hey so I just recorded my video it is
types of fans part two you've been
requesting for so so so long and so I
finally decided to do it um I feel like
I'm kind of losing my touch with writing
videos can you stop I'm trying to use a
life in the computer and you keep
opening programs and it's effing up with
the light you're really being
disrespectful yeah I feel like I'm kind
of losing my touch with writing videos
I'm not too happy with this script and I
feel like I it's not funny and I've just
like went over 2,000 times and I
couldn't figure it out I'm just like wow
why can't I do this and I'm just kind of
like beating myself up over it and then
I was like this is I also wants the same
thing last week remember when I couldn't
figure out a video ID and I was like
going crazy and it's kind of been it
consists
thing and I'm just like I'm not good at
this anymore I don't know freaking out
and that part of me was like maybe I
should take a break from making videos
because I don't feel like they're good
and I don't feel like they're funny and
I don't feel like they're the best I
could do is so I'm kind of baiting like
to take a break from making videos is
that horrible horrible horrible you mind
do hate it I was thinking about taking
like a month break
I'm not making any videos and like
seeing if I could get that back and
stuff just someone like me but I was
really really thinking I think that's
what I'm gonna do I think I want to take
a month of not making videos to try to
get it back there's that horrible as oh
wait what's the date did I do this right
yeah I'm sure it's fine when I release
my video it is so long as the 12 minutes
long I don't know if it's funny you let
me know I think is the description to my
main channel go check it out let me know
what you think that the motovlog channel
sent you son and daughters tomorrow my
day is crazy crazy let me talk about my
day tomorrow 10:00 a.m. I have an
audition so I've read an entire movie
script right now it is 12:30 a.m. and
memorize some stuff for that as at 10:00
at 11:15 I'm doing the podcast with
Shane Shane Dawson who asked me to do it
I'm so excited I've actually never a
buzz like I've done rhett and Link
fodhla podcast I haven't done anyone
elses podcast I'm excited about that
that's at 11:15 at 3:00 I have a meeting
at YouTube about some stuff and then a
4:00 I have my life student party H DUI
at 7:00 I have a Skype meeting with
someone to talk about like exciting such
a morning Channel and yep so from 10
a.m. to 7 p.m. basically booked back to
back to back to back to back tomorrow's
me one those days what we earn are
sleeping in our Z's and Zed's
Zed because I'm Canadian Z because
actually no damn reason it said that's
going on all right
12:37 a.m. page one it is how many pages
I just do 10 a.m. I just finish reading
the script I'm going to edit this fog
and then memorize the things I need to
memorize and then I wake up at 9 to go
to the audition and tomorrow I have a
bajillion things to do but we're gonna
get through it positive thinking because
it's grateful for this life grateful for
its opportunities and all we can do is
try our best and that's what we're gonna
do or try our best and make it happen
thank you for joining me on another date
I hope you had a stupendous day don't
forget in a few hours under the ATT UI
livestream so make sure you check that
out all the details are up all my
socials so go and do that baño if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
