Happy Easter I don't really that I don't
really celebrate my family just really
celebrate Easter but happy 16th you do
celebrate it is Sunday I woke up at 9
but then I stayed in bed until about
11:00 I just wake up in Millvale night I
couldn't fall back asleep for a while
but I stayed in bed committed to it I
feel like my sleep schedule is pretty
decent going to sleep on time waking up
at a decent time I woke up I had
breakfast a Turkish I came a bottie so
good party so good McLean that Mac is so
good so good McLean me buddy
I might go do some work catch up on some
emails do some Instagram posts and ish I
want to post a little bit of my
performance from yg ffs I've been
meaning to do someone do that prepping
for tomorrow's audition tomorrow is
Monday so the wave of emails going to
start again and today it's just like an
easy chill workday I am guessing
everything is closed also so what are we
gonna eat no idea don't got no groceries
you buy groceries I'll go see you Babu
sighing ah Rodin gracias yo yo what up
I just a bunch of work bunch of emails
but you do this a bunch Yash now we're
heading to Ralph's to pick up some
things to make some lunch and dinner I'm
gonna make my world-famous pasta so I
might do cooking no silly
we'll see stay tuned I make no promises
what's goin on also there is hearts on
my sock one of you lovelies gave that to
me in India my sock sees that is going
on coming women this line I'm so good
Kilmer I now killin the game watch walk
to Ralph's make this pasta how I feel
mmm also weed is coming up if you
haven't heard um performing at we de la
and we'd a Seattle and we de la base
Lyra Gomez gonna be there so if I get to
see her again
I will be a static I'm trying to
obviously play it really cool right now
I guess I've seen me and sell you know
like we're like friends cool she might
not even remember me to be honest I'm
very excited I'm think about getting her
unicorn onesie is a gift so that's
what's up but did that's in the future
right now we're talking about pasta
pasta has Bo edgy and pulled it hmm it's
a very nice day outside I feel
it's very pleasant weather light jacket
kill the game it's not some groceries
headed I'm so hungry I wanted to buy
everything the gross drawer a different
humble report over here has taught me
the value of not doing that before
you're hungry so but I'm so hungry give
me food we get you straight smooth I
know I told mama my mom nobody brought
me an easter egg because my mom always
buys me strikes and she was buys me
Valentine's Day chocolates I know about
me it used to Reagan then I miss my
mommy and then we FaceTime that that's
my story I'm gonna make some bomb past
you like you didn't even know what hit
you
passing me so good it's gonna be three
cheese tortellini
you keep tailing me you know what's up
that's what's up there's some games over
all right one wanna punch me i watch i
we have tunes Bam Bam Bam all that oil
such me me me me me me me me me time
that is boil and bubble like two people
that are so corrupt bells of Holly bells
of Holly walls of Holly bells of Holly
Holly
delicious S stands for Sally P stands
for Peter and then this is what happened
why are you so spicy have time why are
you always so salty combined if I'm so
salt to go meet the pasta now the past
is too cheesy
having to tell the past is done it has a
Chinese little Jigglypuff's and if they
don't turn to Jimmy Fox you'll know
because they won't fly away only when
your pasture flows into a little
Jigglypuff Dennis ready not flying yet
not ready I forgot to buy milk so it's a
little thick but yo it turns out humbles
good for something we did have milk I
put milk in now it's perfect
very perfect no that's first ah ah three
cheese tortellini red peppers green
peppers mushrooms and almost very upset
right now because we've played three
games of monopoly deal and I have won
all three nice very upset no I'm not
upset I just thought it was very very
convenient that's your way so after the
games are done to vlog about it
good luck because if I didn't wait till
after the result would be different
somehow right I still wonder you said
you guys go back into the vlogs helpful
transitory we started playing uh-huh so
we just played three games and I beat
him all three times and he's just
playing very poorly on top I'm just
saying he's playing very poorly
he's not even matching colors he's
trying to make properties that that are
like red and yellow when you go no
wonder
alright bye we do I meet him again for
nothing now he's lying 7-eleven to buy
stuff to make no feel better go go just
go there's a plat I was trying to play
him much I would wake wake me up and
sensor down here take my foot what would
it say out of the for game you say am i
saying anything you guys I'm gonna ask
the loyal viewers have you noticed that
there hasn't been a game vlog and like
months yeah we haven't played in months
no no no that's not true
not that we haven't played it she don't
want no no we haven't played and so lot
was last time we played when everyone
was here maybe for the premiere yeah
beat you then Trinity ok Peppa you're
sore loser sore loser anyways I was
trying to play to wake myself up and now
I'm just bored now it was bored with the
situation so now I'm gonna lie back down
her because he sucks and he's boring
so popularly
so my cough is still here
no matter medicine is they go away my
mom's daily and we should go to the
doctor but I don't have health carrier
my plan was always when I got sick to
fly back to Canada by - have to go the
doctors here and figure it out I do
think I have something infection or a
virus or something
it's not good to have an audition
tomorrow and but to memorize these lines
I just finished two pieces of work that
I haven't done like I've been
procrastinating for so long so I'm so
happy I did those you know I got this
stuff to do tonight um there's quite a
bit of memorization but I actually do
really like the character and who knows
not to make a break so we're just gonna
try our best to make it happen that's
what I got tomorrow and tomorrow night
have made potentials of a screening of a
movie that I may or may not go to him
decide yeah and tomorrow's also video
days so that's what's going on listen to
music doing some work do the damn thing
and humble sitting up on some of the
leftover pasture downstairs
we basically turn on the F up but
basically turned fo Mitch like y'all got
returned that boy they getting crazier
hearing noise right now I really like
this to go away I'm just absolutely
drained of energy it's 11 I just did the
dishes there's a mountain of dishes I
haven't started to memorize my stuff yet
i'ma edit this log memorize it um
hopefully go to sleep ugh one my dishes
at 11:15 so even if I sleep from one to
like nine that's still good um I had
zero energy and I just really hope I got
better I really hope I get better as my
chest is so congested so even if I'm not
coughing it's just like breathing is the
kind of task and I meant to bed thank
you for joining me another day
tomorrow's Monday so is Google Google
and this because a few exciting things
coming up so I'm glad that you're gonna
join me and be my friend during it all
hope you had a happy Easter if you
celebrate and if you don't then I hope
you ate some chocolate I actually hope
you ate some chocolate either way if you
like it subscribe you
if you liked it subscribe if you like
subscribe the girl on hashtag real
friends with club with and they actually
had a great workout and I was dying and
did not do so but I will do workout I
will do one day I'm gonna do and we're
all chillin I can't really good one yes
I never mind oh my god I leave your
button are both look good now
