I'm so effing disoriented woke up
so yesterday I was supposed to sleep
until 10 p.m. tell me how I went to
sleep at like 6 p.m. I failed yesterday
was a fail
I fell asleep on the couch I'm like dude
you're sleepy sleepy I'm like well what
then somehow I ended up in my bed and
somehow now I woke up at 9 a.m. I woke
up a billion times the Melville night
but I stayed sleeping woke up by 9 so
hopefully today I can stay awake until
like 10:00 p.m. sorry I I'm speaking
slow because I'm literally so
disoriented I had some breakfast I
dropped my vitamin C drink everywhere
and made a mess which is why this chairs
over here because I spilled it on here
and I I'm so disoriented I'm also in
about an hour and a half gonna go meet
up with Lindsay row Cassie
Justine the girls we're coming up for
lunch so that's what's happening it is
Saturday I need to catch up on emails
and to do that and we did not sleep
until like 10:00 11:00 p.m. we can't we
can't but that's what's going on and I'm
sorry I did know I know I'm losing my
damn mind I just spent 20 minutes
looking for my vlogging camera that was
my pocket on my sweater upstairs I took
medicine because my coffee is still so
bad and I feel feverish all over again
but now I think finally taking medicines
I'm familiar with I just pop some tiles
Hedges lunch he's doing my life together
today I feel like I'm was Ong be like
usually jet lag doesn't hit me that bad
so I think it's a combination of like
jet lag and I feel feverish and I need
to get over this sickness once and for
all
after come back from this lunch that's
what's gonna happen
that's what's gonna happen crash that
girl on hashtag real friends with
and they actually had a great workout
and I was dying and did not do so but I
will do workout I will do one day I'm
gonna do and we're all chillin I can't
be good yes oh my god your butt my butt
does not know what Cafe Gratitude and
with this really good idea of like to do
a panel about real friends and upcoming
convention comfortable let us know like
being real friends on YouTube what do
you think about that combo love let us
know because we're like real friends I
stopped recording we all cou each other
and I get back oh man I love those girls
they're still freaking great it was so
nice to catch up with them so nice to
just hang with some friends perfect
welcome back I've come back and humble
is still sleeping and he's gonna f up
his sleep schedules they're all away
come up right now then I'm gonna do a
little bit of work and catch up on some
stuff I guess I'll just going on I'm
feeling a little bit sleepy right now
but no we're gonna fight it I told her
I'm movin like we'll go to the theaters
and watching movies to teach you feel
like 7 p.m. or something so we don't
sleep prior to prior to that but that's
going on just boogers in my nose
some of that DJ in India nuclear for
listening to him right now I'm packing
which I hate doing hey I'm packing so
much like I do it I have so much laundry
to do that's going on most importantly
we're not sleeping that's what counts
yo what up so I just made this post
about all the new countries that h2 is
available and I'm gonna go over some of
them real quick but you just check my
facebook my Instagram my Twitter because
it's a little bit confusing like I said
it's available in google play google
play on some countries and on YouTube in
some countries so if you go on YouTube
it is not available where you are is
probably on Google Play check out my
facebook I'll put a link to it in the
description in the post whatever but
it's a lot of places like on YouTube I'm
Swiss came to some of them YouTube like
Argentina Australia Austria Belgium
Brazil Canada Denmark Finland France
Greece Hongkong Hungary India Ireland
Italy Japan Macedonia Mexico Netherlands
New Zealand Norway Philippines all these
types of places and Google plates and
like Singapore and all these cool places
is turning bad you can everywhere so
make sure you check it out and I'm not
gonna lie I need you to spread the word
because when my biggest have peace of
life is everytime I tweet anything
there's a gang of people that are always
confused like I just like tweeted the
list of places and like so evil is not
available in Norway I'm like did you
read the list because Norway's on the
list or like oh my god I'm so sad it's
not an eternity I'm like did you read
the list because sure dad's on the list
so help me spread the word because I
feel like the average human being
doesn't read things before tweeting we
think so spread the word it's available
in so many more countries and I'm very
excited about it so yeah Google Play on
YouTube make sure you check those out
hty no sir yeah
so he's about to go to a movie the plot
to stay awake we're gonna watch Zootopia
excited excited so excited
this is excited with me we heard it's a
really good movie so very excited to see
it and that's going on that's what's
going on I'll play it on the blow my bow
goes so much in the theater beginning
noises warning I know I better pack some
cleaning system yeah now we're gonna
wait an hour to watch 10 Cloverfield
because Devo over here couldn't deal
with climate okay
instead at the front of the movie did it
doesn't make any sense to me this diva
over here with anybody why do they
release heaps in the front of movies
this diva over a year now going to wait
an hour for a tank so if it's a
different movie because mrs. poet over
here what is a gun your girl because
girls are awesome I'm a girl and I'm
awesome
you're just the douches you can buy it
easy to buy me food now I looking happen
to someone roots you know I'm really
down for something some sort of pizza
hot situation or something like that you
know why is our life so hard so we pick
these seats because this in the front
and now we're behind this ridiculous
favorite so me this big and a blocks
review let me show you the view like
that Wow I'm so frustrated
we waiting for like an hour to watch
this damn movie now I believe you need
to fix this you need to fix this it was
full when items in the front of this one
so really we just waited an hour design
fibro of another movie what do you mean
how bad is it
we ate some crusty pizza your absolute
son grandmother's so annoyed because we
came here the guy in front of us was so
annoying who was like tickets he took an
hour to pick it seeds then we got pizza
I was starving and it was so bad then
the skater was false we waiting out of
this and now this is it why is this
happening she wasn't sit in the front
nice time from before yes all those
points if anything that bad oh my god
can we just go so just through surprise
these please and Claire today because I
just can't right now
I just can't kill him if you open the
rest of logs because they killed him I
feel I do why do they make sure to avoid
this situation and then on top of that
you want to go switch the seats and in
the Miss nearly dying the seats that
were two rows behind I signed an
autograph
movies and it was moral stories don't
watch movies on Saturday
well the story is never try
you feel like trying don't try trying is
the first step to feeling you're back
home I don't know how to ask that move
we got 91% like look at me wrong was
entertaining really ain't no 91%
entertaining good movie
very bad it wasn't no 91% folks I get a
solid 75 it's 10:35 which means all my
bedtime I made it past 10 p.m. at 11:00
it's closed for 11:00 I made it past I
made it past my bedtime I can go to
sleep peacefully now knowing this guy is
gonna be screwed and not asleep no that
clocks wrong with digested that's going
on we back home watch the movie from the
front row you know I don't we just found
on grateful earnest I'm cranky because
I'm trying to stay Whigs that was one
thing but we just honestly was it a
stupid series of events we got to the
movie theater and the guy in front of us
know exactly a Jimmy Smith who took like
20 minutes in front of us picking his
seeds and even the girl that we were so
annoyed at him who's taking so long and
then I was really hungry I'm really
cranky trying to stay awake I go to get
some food eat some pizza
I don't even personal problems I'm sorry
worst worst tasting food ever
I'm sorry great for the food and
everything I was like oh my god this is
absolutely horrible and then the thing
with the seats why would you have the
rail in front of the seats like any
sense no sense and then the movie was
not 91% it was a sell at 75 the moral of
the story is don't watch movies on
Saturday the more on the story once
again is never try if you don't know
where that's wrong by the way some of
the citizens all humble and I do our
friendship is based on quoting the
citizens in fact we're waiting for the
movie always uses like 1 to 10 yeah when
we were waiting for the movies we
actually downloaded sentence trivia game
I kick you will probably are better than
me a sense of trivia I can admit that
you probably are that's because you're
old and you have user experience and
Mario Kart and rock video thank you yo
mo to use my vibrator
I've been very naive my Invisalign I'm
wearing them right now though and I'm
bowing to where the more I just missed a
few days and I don't do the full day and
I talked to Cassie and she said when she
had Invisalign she also like kind of the
same thing so hopefully she'll be fine
but I'm going to be better at it
starting tomorrow it was just
uncomfortable to have all being sick and
like traveling and stuff like that
because I can't clean them and crap but
I'm gonna have to bed it just uh think
it's 11:00 is 11:30 my edit this vlog go
to bed tomorrow is Sunday it is a
full-on catch-up day where jetlag cannot
be an excuse because Monday is gonna be
the next day we all on Monday emails
gonna come in like baby and also have an
addition on Monday so that's going on
tomorrow's in be ketchup work day thank
you for joining me on another day of
just random ridiculous useless I hope
you had a great day and the hustle
continues to run although tape we didn't
hustle that much but it's okay we're
allowed a few days in one or two days
you know Oh jet lag if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
we're just two gals having dinner and
now and now we where's one man and one
woman working it water drop hot fire
yeah fire jump a little cheese it right
now drop it drop it drop it what what
yep shake it shake it wait let me get a
little good food
work work
