it's a tie yeah man this is how I feel
good morning my hair makeup just arrived
we're just ranae's downstairs we're
breaking them up today I have a shoot
for magazine it's gonna be very pretty
thin women Airy pretty filled
oh here's okay I'm vlogging in read a
very pretty field so I got Anton got
Renee gonna make me look pretty
got my vitamin C got my coffee of course
it's part of my life now and this is
going on breathing it ready and no one's
turning over type they gonna make me
beauty mas oh yeah it was make me feel
pretty and confident even though
confidence comes from the inside but
it's nice to dollop sometimes so I gotta
get ready change some clothes eat some
breakfast I told him but you do my lip
right now you know I'm gonna need a
breakfast burrito and effort all up in
that girl I got your mic this is why I
love you boot this why I love you
yeah that's got it let's do this thing
I'm gonna change in some fields right
now I was like I have no shame it's not
my first rodeo was a little intense a
little carsick I'd be lying if I said I
wasn't kind of dying and my stomach
wasn't turning but we're doing some very
classy professional mad celebrity status
but makeup in the car is happening and
touching me up and then Renee is going
to take out my curls as is but red to
three looks one is like casual t-shirt
jacket jeans one is like a dress and one
is my obviously unicorn onesie oh and
I'm just gonna pretend like I'm not
absolutely dying part of the job
description
boppy I'm just waiting all right all it
is it's the wait until Papa gives you a
head massage at the end of the day
that's what that's my motivation that's
that's what's taking me home as it's
taking me home what fun fact
I'm terrified of all bugs except I like
ladybugs I can hold a ladybug isn't that
strange
I know it is hey ladybug we shall name
you door
because I want my signature red lip okay
look at this invention by the way I just
papi has this thing where because you
know when someone swears hairspray on
you you eat the hairspray this prevents
me from eating theirs and we're headed
back hour and a half between nap time
yes I'd like a sandwich
so everyday humble and I have a
conversation but the construction
happening across the street and we're
just always like they're making no
progress you watch them every day and
they're making no progress and they
there's always standing around or moving
really slow basically they're an army of
humble it's actually not the fence they
put up was part of the building so she
thought they were making progress but
it's not really that's just what the
construction zone so now our theory is
this is war talking well and over here
now our theory is that similar to the
movie ants they have a colony underneath
this construction site of people who may
be working because I think they're
brands like a metro and I'd make a lot
of sense yeah once I was hearing people
just a big they were saying in a circle
just see that Oh chase you thought doing
standing and doing stretches like in a
circle yoga class or something yeah this
is the little home boy that's pretty
today he's wearing jeans one day if
humbles are you jeans that means to put
an effort into that go outside and meet
somebody who's not used to me for the
first time actually you're in a little
bun two little loose button great bloody
great we're in place the monopoly do or
should I edit that powerful let me know
is okay if I mention that you blow out
what
so the plaster times we played you why
do you want a fourth floor so clean cuz
I wiped it with humble all right that's
why just finish the first game humble
one so now you know I'm vlogging there's
no biased situation here the public
awards well be like we don't care about
you were talking to you we don't know
you're gonna feel it how many King have
occurred a milimeter blog can you tell
them your line please
I'm not lying in the past three days
we've played okay by the way did you
watch my vlog where you literally get
caught lying in the vlog did you watch
it you watch it idly by your face you
watched it I don't want to know so
basically just watch my lies know
basically I'm vlogging and I'm okay guys
so it's tied to the time talking with
our score and the next slip you're like
why didn't you lock those through them
like I did you know you did it you
didn't you would whole rant and I fully
did the clip right before and then in
the bottom it says in the bottom it says
humble caught lying so now you know he's
full of crap I need a hair tie Haitian
Buccaneers series right now so the score
currently is 4 0 4 humbled I'm gonna say
D thing I'm not gonna say anything I'm
just gonna redeem myself I could say
something I'm not gonna say it
well what would you say is it because
you know I'm gonna make Colin MacLean do
doc there's also a moment where I was
very charitable to her and I let her
have a card okay basically what happened
was one of the cards was facing up it
was my turn it should be my choice if I
want to take the card that one can see
and it was a good car that I'm taking
and that bum well humble said isn't my
god Dan I should take it anyways like
fine take it okay fine I will stop I'm
Sharon what even in Victorville I'm a
charitable telephone okay keep watching
the vlog next clip
zombo's marking me today it's like a -
he's like marking me I'm gonna be an on
sore loser and with that there's cake
isn't greater scheme of things in this
in this three-day battle it's still -
one for me so well I'm Popkin we are
headed to the movie San Cisco merge my
humble mover headed to the movies to
watch Zootopia because we've heard great
things about it we've heard so many good
things about Sophia and it's Friday so
it's Friday evening in the industry is
officially shut down again and you've
also stopped so we're watching movies
that I'm at work to do but I can afford
to do a movie that's cool and chill in a
more charged 8th shoot
but shouldn't we be I'm in such a weird
mood I'm not gonna go huge weirdo
we bought tickets in advance this time
we're not sitting in the front we
learned our lesson we're moving on up
from the world feeling good what to
watch Zootopia and get some popcorn can
you take a minute look at these
Americans eyes cut right here this is my
face this is the perspective that's like
this I can't even hold it with one hand
a few years ago both my hands and my
feet to pull the damn curve okay
ridiculous
yo yo yo yo so I saw the movie my hair
oh my god that I'm like a cheese Sweezey
cut right now
Joseph music sissy I just called her to
Suzie why you judging me so much judging
me oh my god we should watch the top it
was good this Ricky was really funny but
it wasn't better than inside out I think
entitles the best Disney movie ever
created when I stand by that did you say
this is the second very relevant to the
times learn something from yeah my hair
that's I can't take myself suseelan yeah
no I definitely learned something there
was very relevant sometimes a lot of
good messages in it up was really good
too yeah
really good and there's a few others
that are really good too but it wasn't
boring over good it was really really
good but I just like adore it to me
inside out was a perfect 10 out of 10
100% movie it's got 99% arrived but it's
still really good he's okay if you watch
the movie there's a sloth carry all my
fool's game shut off we were two minutes
away
9 to 0 that's his license plate
Frias 9 to zoo there's a sloth picture
that's hung there's a sloth that's
literally what being friends is humble
is like I swear to God I was getting
aggravated just watching something oh my
god this is hitting a set of cord forget
that's not like the Fox in there holding
pies that's literally listed I'm
obviously the main character Cobb I
never know when to quit be real you
going to talk with Lily what's up I'm
sitting on my hair I wasn't lying I'm
telling you great day chill a
combination of chill and work I didn't
get dizzy too much today I did have a
lot of chest congestion and a lot of
murmuring when I breathe I don't know if
you can hear but I don't know if you can
hear but I basically sound like very
struggling to breathe but a little bit
better than yesterday I guess tomorrow
we are heading to Texas for the weekend
for Wrestlemania spontaneously randomly
I'm not even too up-to-date with the
rest things I don't know any of them I
think it's triple h vs roman reigns I'm
not even sure I'm doing it's gonna be
there so that's why I'm good but I'm
going to resume tomorrow I'm very
excited about that
our flight is that six ish so that's
going on one but for now I'm gonna have
to spot I'm gonna go to sleep
thank you for joining me on a fun-filled
day hope it was fun for you to watch I
hope you enjoyed it and I hope I'll be a
great day I'm gonna take all this makeup
off my face now if you like it that's
good if you like it subscribe if don't
like it subscribe wow I just got
confirmation that I'm gonna get to go to
the MTV Movie Awards again and I went to
last year and they're airing on April
does it whatever March April
April's the next month right April yeah
April 10th is on their area and the
hosts are Kevin Hart and Dwayne Johnson
I already let Dwayne oh that's our one
year anniversary since meeting
