Merry Christmas good morning good
afternoon good evening team super I
haven't spoken to you in so long as I've
been home just relaxing not vlogging
also of course I am sick because you
know my body's a good 12 claps are not
now fu hope my nose has been running
non-stop live footage of my nose but
today is Christmas is definitely a white
Christmas let me show you very very
white Christmas look-alike quality Koons
out there it is eight something a mommy
see the kids are up my nephew's are here
but open some gifts there is no mission
for today there is no productivity today
today is Christmas we're allowed to eat
junk food we're allowed to be lazy
luxury that f we wants there's no point
there's just feel-good moments Merry
Christmas to you and yours oh let's go
put some gifts by the way check out the
OTD yes really doing it up this year
dang what is this it's a whoa defense of
yours geez got a big gift bigger than
handle no you knocking on it whoa my box
and you
every day isn't that what you guys my
guys was dead hello hello enjoy to the
word Christmas mom Merry Christmas
let's see let's see let's see oh we got
about two three if you want to see his
alternate angle you can use it
understand and do real construction Oh
more this okay
I like your course I really want the
course that you are I say no this much
you said you didn't have any merch your
big lawyer oh my God look at me I'm
famous started you down your own merch
to pieces Wow
thank you the beverage yes oh I start
mom bought the little pitcher comes
famous superstar jeez you can the
first edition right here you go thank
you
hi this one is for mom and Tina together
first people to get the pink girl love
sweaters first people I have mine
upstairs we can take a matching picture
any that you knew that you knew girl of
stronger together this thing calm if you
want that by the way taught me a new
wrist would you use the same one for
like a hundred years that's ripping like
no I'm having you
there's one more here that is wrapped in
a wedding wrapping paper because
apparently you ran out of other wrapping
me where dad can you see you said mom
you don't open it dad no I like it this
way mama hold on please
I like to keep a surprise oh my god
once upon a time kenya somehow this is
destroyed I got it so now it's time our
big Christmas breakfast that we're
setting up right now I did a little
fancy napkin design a cake for the two
sides of it and try to do something we
got the bacon for the meat eaters we got
the bacon for the vegetarians everything
is happening here chef father shut up
mother don't go here on this episode of
chopped holidays
I'm stuck with pancakes and hashbrowns
and now like I do on most Christmases
I'm gonna take a nap particularly right
now because I'm so sick right now on my
side this is are killing me know this
thing they're like it also 700 million
kids downstairs and I just cannot handle
right now my great parents your chance
to take your kids and do you think that
was actually a really good nap I feel a
little bit better it was like a three
hour nap I didn't feel bad on holidays
I'm like I knew feel like naps in any
day actually I don't feel like a nap is
a waste of time anymore I'm like naps
are crucial for all the times I don't
get to sleep I get to sleep now and yo
it's late also today if you're a og team
super you know it is someone's very
special birthday
aside from Jesus my late grandfather not
her wasn't a lot of my videos back in
the day Christmas is and was his
birthday and we always remember him on
this day so here's a quick little
throwback to some of the videos with me
and honor I hope you enjoy them he's
such a great soul and great spirit and
just you'll see when you watch these
clips if you've never seen these videos
before such just a ball of energy and
fun and so I hope you enjoy the show
back happy birthday matter wherever you
are looking down on team super you know
we remember you and miss you all the
time you are a ho G team super enjoy
YouTube is know you too you do you tube
tube what else is Christmas but there
Christ make your birthday my birthday
energy you know who Santa Clauses yes I
am yes yes okay good like I have an aunt
win because Ajith is so in love with his
bulldozer already hasn't let it go yet
what is it Ajit bulldoze
thank you so do you know how comfortable
this letter isn't it's so comfortable
I'm sick right now is the most
comfortable thing I've ever had in my
nose
oh did you know she has luck whatever
girl sweater till now black and pink
like a big no Christmas is complete
without oh yeah for medical reasons
because I actually feel way better than
I have for the rest of the day ever
having three shots I'm like whoa
my nose is clearing out my science dude
hurry up everything is great we have a
running joke in my family let me just
tell you what's up okay
Jordao my sister's oldest son looks like
me like you look like my son right there
and my sis shirt is why I admit it he
looks like me every mom let's get
professional opinion who does daughter
look like you there it is Jordan looks
like my son I never had kids
yeah it's like me which means is a
genius but he's smart but I don't shut
up who do you look like come on should
also hurt himself here today but he's a
chance at his man the strong boy looks
like drums in need just stop trippin
what are we playing my dad's playing
this game called Pie Face dad come on
don't be a party pooper party but he
putting so much other buddy I got a
visitor why do you have to press the
button though just because whoever hits
it faster the hen will move that way
look at this mother being a good mother
right now wow that's a good mom right
there is exactly what my skin needs my
mother is history library to let go
there are bones subscribe to Mombasa
threes just lost brutally it was like my
hands up grab my gloves all right the
time is 10:15 and I'm gonna go to bed
so so early cuz I'm sleepy that's why I
why I'm trying to get better coz when my
friends come back for New Year's I'm not
trying to be sick so go to bed all the
kids are sleeping as well we got an
early night sleep yes the Lord chill day
2 of my family hope you had a wonderful
Christmas to your family as well
tomorrow more families coming over my
cousin's coming over I got a few
appointments I like that otherwise we're
just gonna chill slower and do the damn
thang also videos you're watching in a
few days on the main channel I'm going
to release a bloopers video of all the
bloopers from 12 collabs so stay tuned
for that I'm not gonna release any like
skin-tight videos until like the new
year but bloopers will be sick let's see
how we did today doesn't matter don't
show many points because we passed great
Oh Lily today I'll be a wonderful time
with your family I'm gonna go to sleep
hopefully not wake up sick we out here
we're trying the weather the climates
everything changing not helping my
friend until tomorrow if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
hey oh yo yo for all of you asking as
well you got some Christmas mining
you're like oh I want to buy merch now
if you want if you don't this fine the
rings were the only thing that were they
made limited quantity so the merch other
sweaters also is still available
you can't leasing calm if you interest
you and if not then pretty dumb it's
cool
love you bye
