oh I slept in so much as 1:30 in my
defense woke up at 11 I had this very
strange waking up experience today where
I woke up and I was like oh three lay
and I was like I was like just knocked
out I don't know if the meds actually
were super drowsy last night but I
knocked the FL for so long still have a
cough
not even remotely better but I've just
decided it's part of my life now it's
part of who I am now when I fill out my
dating profile it'll say you know enjoys
Chipotle enjoys working has a cough that
doesn't go away part of her life you
need to adapt to it to live with it this
just it's just who I am it's part of my
personality now unicorn stubborn
sometimes funny permanent cough that is
Who I am hello nice to meet you my name
is Lilia I didn't wash my face properly
who washes her face
I'm a mess but the point is I'm up now
and we're gonna get some work done is
video day I am starving let's eat let's
do it so exciting things are happening I
just got confirmation that I'm gonna get
to go to the MTV Movie Awards again that
I went to last year they're airing on
April does it much - March April April
is the next month right April
yeah April 10th is on they're airing and
the hosts are Kevin Hart and Dwayne
Johnson I already let Dwayne oh that's
our one year anniversary since meeting
is that dope that I gotta get to see him
again oh my god so crazy and I'll be
damned Selena it's like a reunion with
all the bass all the babes basically
within like the next two weeks
what's it a very great book of my life
I'm getting my moomy my name I should go
eat Armenia but I think you would be
really good I can't tell you can I tell
you what up and getting real real good
at blazing through my inbox I've been
getting really good since I moved to LA
and says I've been waking up and getting
straight to work
opening my inbox it being completely a
disaster just going which I'm like
dealing with everything like boom boom
because I'm getting better at not
lingering on stuff it's like how can I
fix this right now how can I just right
now this responsibility
boss mode basically
is going on that's the going on cough
cast stop me now who's 5:17 p.m. I
haven't started my video yet we've been
watching a bunch of other youtubers
videos like Ryan and d-trix and Meghan
and all them and we're just like oh my
god those look good I love them and
paint are showing Hummel paints videos
John released a hilarious new video I
was supposed to be in the video but
unfortunately the whole India trip
didn't allow for it Lisa song about
YouTube culture it's just hilarious it's
so funny
I think he's so talented jon cozart so
check that out if you haven't ready also
speaking of talented friends as you know
I was supposed to two days ago to go to
Roman Atwoods modalities and I'm so
sorry I don't mean to be rude when I
forget people's names I just don't
personally know them the only person I
personally know to that group is Roman
and they're natural born pranksters
Vidya movie is out now you can get on
iTunes so go support that Roman out with
such a sweetheart
natural born pranksters that is on
iTunes go get it support that yes I
think I buy tonight that's what I'm
gonna wash before I sleep so that's
what's up I'm gonna struggling to take
an idea and everyone's like I swear you
said you had an idea yesterday I did
might be I had yesterday I was writing
you know and I wasn't happy with it I
was like oh I think they need to develop
this more and it's not as good as it
could be so I don't want to do the idea
anymore
so I'm trying to another idea the
struggle is real these video I mean wash
my face there's still eyeliner on my
there's still mascara on my face I'm a
mess so a mess huh can't keep my hands
to myself I want you
mmm you metaphorical gin juice still
don't have a dad unless there's a video
ID a pre-trip yet just take a shower put
on the exact same clothes in the exact
same chair in front the exact same
computer trying to think of the exact
same video idea but nobody clean a bad
dizzy spell right now I'm just sitting I
was like thanks for water all over my
face ah hey hey go ahead - for today's
video
I hate doing Q&A so you know I hate
doing them but I thought I would do
community that's a bit different because
usually when do Q&A sort but what anyone
does q and A's it's like the same
questions over and over again so I'm
gonna answer some really honest honest
honest questions that something right
now like I mean those really honest
questions that usually people would be
embarrassed to answer feel like humble
answer I think what answering those kind
of questions so what I'm thinking right
now as soon as I catch my breath thing
in Bria all right but to record this
issue I can breathe
I really haven't and then I'm gonna mess
his nominee my doctor Fred and be like
what's wrong with me can you tell me
what's wrong with me I'm kicking humble
out so I can record this video to him to
go for a walk stole okay the video is
uploading I am picking up clothes for my
shoot tomorrow I have a shoot a photo
shoot tomorrow from magazine and it's
quite far it's in a field
so let's nuke very pretty but I'm
picking up clothes for that right now
I'm not even I complain about it I don't
know what's wrong with me I don't like
heat flashes then I get dizzy and I I
just I don't know comment below letting
me know have you ever fainted before I
not fainting but if you've heard like
I've fainted before in my life and that
pre fainting moment is so scary because
you feel like you don't have control
your body and I'm just experiencing some
episodes of disneys I don't know what it
is I'm I went to the doctor they said
it's nothing to draw the tests they just
get my blood checked or something I
don't know but we're not gonna talk
about any more I'm fine I'm gonna be
fine I'm gonna be done so that's what I
got tomorrow my videos uploading like I
said pack this stuff check it early
night because after wake up like 7:00 or
something ridiculous like that yeah
that's what's going on
I did the honest Q&A video I hope you
don't mind it's I think it is kind of
cool though because there are very
honest question
so it's about like relationships and sex
and money and all the things that like
people wouldn't usually answer in a Q&A
I think so or these I wouldn't answer to
Q&A so I hope you enjoy that I do want
to check out all the video is on my main
channel the link is in the description
right there and that's what's going on
that's pretty early it's not like 11
p.m. but like I said I have to wake up
at about 7:30 my hair and makeup is
arriving at 8:00 and then yeah that's
what's going on I'm gonna go to bed
thank you for doing another day I love
you so much thank you for being my
backbone even though you're not
physically here I feel like at least
have someone I'll just hide in the
computer and I know these last few blogs
have been very complaining about being
sick and I apologize for that because I
know a lot of you watch these vlogs too
like you know does it pick me up but
this is a site of me and Lily is chicken
early wants to complain so I hope that's
okay look at all this stuff look at all
this clothes and bras and
okay stop shut up good night if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe mic off is not a normal car
just humble this FN cough syrup the
doctor gave is not working I can feel my
chest being congested and not bringing
properly but aside from all over cuz
today is not about the cough happiness
brand send me more stuff now if you
don't remember this right in the pants I
wear every single day of my life
