what a comfortable situation I'm in good
morning I'm alive I'm not dead
thanks to these gentlemen right here
this is a cool picture actually we
should take a selfie you can pretend it
does it's brick frame I'm sure it does
I'm sure it does let's pretend we take
one right now she's not innocent to me
anyways I survived and yesterday the
vlogs I was like I shouldn't work
already to recover I think I'm finally
feeling better
I'm totally totally bummed out because I
wanted this to be the most productive
India trip and inevitably you're getting
sick threw a monkey wrench in the whole
thing and have anybody able to do
everything I want to do I don't think I
have time for everything I want to do
I'm still gonna make the best of it I
mean Jago gonna shoot some awesome stuff
today and tomorrow we're all feeling
good we're heading to override mall
right now because it's a forever 21
there now I want to grab some stuff from
there because we're gonna do some photo
shoots so that's what's going on worn a
three-wheeler it's getting almost 45
minutes to get there that's what's going
on really like the taxi has a knock
table you blame the mom
all right give your best wine right here
wait wait wait what wait what we're here
so we got here and I'm so excited he's
like oh my god I was like so quick
whatever in the wrong oh boy present is
to now oh no place is an hour away from
where we access to be because the taxi
driver took us somewhere else so it was
like oh we're over in JK we're over a
shopping arcade which is different from
over I'm all the more you know they're
great to get it to get it tell you the
Tigers to get oh my god were an hour
with
any work on this film I'm kidding she
fell from what do I have and I feel
really bad no circumstances got in the
way
no I would have I know what the function
it's okay I still have like three 2.4
days or more days productive to now yeah
yeah that's it and we're gonna drop by
being his car for an hour after coddling
and sweating for an hour in the car
we've made it
we're over I'm all wears forever 21
let's get it done
finally my first pot arisia I love auto
riches
and so I entered on one for white ESS
but let me show you a little brother
driving here
all right so we're about to go do a
photo shoot Diego being a wonderful
cameraman here's the actual
cinematography more than you know shock
free but I force him so I got this vibes
going on right now with the same bomb
necklace got a court I got a blazer
window really curly Punjab we took these
not now they're my backpack but I try to
take some boss lady pics be like yo
who's gonna believe us who's Bathsheba's
Asmus woozmas who sagara-san who's eywa
I always are how hard it is to convey
because so hot and I get so drained of
energy and it gets so sweaty and tired
and every time my college with four
photo shoots fit after 10 minutes of my
Canadian body was not ready boy so Holly
heart is with the back of your
you know back to your feet up anything
for the shot and shot a shot I thought
the most sexy I can do it fighting to be
like fun and wacky you can do that power
she's totally lying she poses so well
sex how'd you do Diggle you were so good
she killed it like Diego would never say
anything that no I would say bad things
if they were bad things like I like
shooting alone sexy girls a challenge to
make them sexy oh you do so good you're
always like like good would you
recommend it to all your photographer
friends I don't have any I mean mostly
my friends are directors but yeah yeah
everyone should shoot with Lily fish is
so good I recommend her to all
photographers weird your nipple go I had
it removed after yesterday when chase or
the other day with chase is punished
yeah she's not there it's there ha ha
ladies and gentlemen we had a nipple
scared and it's been it's true it's you
hot you can only feel it when it's cold
ok we're gonna play a game because I'm
lazy um I have a call in 40 minutes but
I'm so sleepy because the room is so
cold when rooms are cold it makes me
sleepy you make no sense I'm going to
give Diego one make up play and humble
one makeup wipe and divide my face in
half and we see who can clean the makeup
off my face the best the fastest are you
up for it yeah that wasn't very
enthusiastic let's do it I can't give
you any more tips and knowledge I've
told you everything I could ok are you
ready yeah are you ready
Camas gonna rip my face already yeah I'm
not gonna represent a so make sure to
make a conscious more and go oh hi what
you're going wake you fast hold on do
you do you yeah I've oh you do eyebrows
- eyebrows ooh painfully high for a box
appears yep see oh man okay method to
the madness hello
yeah let's just we're nomads no I told
you tella method you are not having a
buzzing up tube on your face well so
rough tough love oh well look I've only
used this tiny little square that's what
means you I'm taking off makeup all
coefficient I I'm not efficient
I'm very podna Oh bless you dear yeah
Lily got Louise better is it off how do
I know what I'm done you tell me when
you think it's not white on here that's
how I think like your face is on this
napkin now you're so not gentle that is
so like we have to take it even trying
to be gentle we have to take your lips
off too I took it looks left
oh man see like that oh my girl oh it's
getting all over the rest of your face
no I got Lily's face really good okay I
think humble wins nope you doing Matt
Piazza no I told you man Matt piada nah
well there's still my makeup on my face
thermal were everywhere how much was I
can't tell there's like no light in this
room I guess here come the old man
excuses more of the story ladies just
don't wear makeup yeah you don't need it
you don't you're beautiful the way
you're beautiful before you put this on
especially if you require guys like
let's take it off if you don't want to
wear makeup just ask your boyfriend off
your makeup then he'll be like you I
don't wanna do this again he's like it's
not worth it not worth it I want makeup
like three times in my life and taking
it off like the big event yeah every
time I put makeup on I go I look like a
girl why did I put makeup off no Megan I
just for girls
mm I'm so bad at wearing my Invisalign
this trip and I'm wearing them now um
Dan goes here he's gonna go to his room
and go to sleep now because every day he
sits here sleeps in this chair until I
go to sleep and they only he leaves he
will convince himself that he's gonna
work me Oh sleep in this chair yeah cuz
I than that then I take a little nap and
then I'm wide awake huh head into bed um
thank you for joining me on another day
another day where we're kind of better
or not sick tomorrow I am gonna meet up
with some exciting people hopefully and
I can't wait to take you along with me
but that's what's going on if you liked
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
it before I say this in my last video I
mentioned that a TTY is available and a
lot more countries now that's because it
is available on Google Play so if you
look at my last video in the description
there's a whole list of countries where
you can get it so I know it's little bit
confusing but bear with me there's two
ways you can get the movie one is
through three ways if you live in the US
you to read if you don't live in the US
you can buy it off YouTube but if you
it's not available for you to purchase
off YouTube you can get it off Google
Play as well so so many people are so
confused yes it's available in Canada in
Trinidad it should be available in
Singapore as well in London in South
Africa and all delete all of these
places so check my last video
description because I put the place
since that Google Play has it available
yeah but that's that's pretty much it
maybe I'll make a detailed post about
this and you could help me spread the
word that would be much much appreciated
but for now if you liked it subscribe if
you liked it subscribe hug okay you got
too much for today if you liked it
subscribe
girls you wanna you do
do you wanna be my full-time
