you could see what the last few hours of
my life looked like good morning good
afternoon
I don't recall the time of my life that
I was this thick really really really
really really really but it's like after
the performance I came home I had
shivers I was lying in bed and those
after party I didn't go I was shivering
at high fever coughing I start crying
all these boys took care of me all night
like friggin sweethearts this morning I
woke up crying as well the huge huge
fever I had a fever for like 14 hours
now and then the doctor came again and
injected me with a bunch of stuff I now
headed to my screening which to be
honest this morning I was like I can't
go like I have to cancel it I was dying
but then after I went to sleep again I
woke up in a pool of sweat who I sweated
a lot of my fever still have a fever
right now but I've decided I'm gonna go
to the screening I'm gonna take a little
bit easy this was the Q&A after my
github with help me out with that we're
headed to the YouTube faces an hour away
and that's what's going on let go
so here's the next dilemma we're not
even sure if his movies gonna play at
the screening because you choose faced
Mumbai does enough strong enough Wi-Fi
to upload a video or Street movie and I
can't download the movie off YouTube and
I don't have a final copy of the movie
I'm definitely gonna email YouTube about
the fact that the YouTube space um and
why has such crappy Wi-Fi because let's
point having a space can't upload
YouTube videos hello
we're having a swimming pool no water
yeah this guy took a lot of care of me
is a good friend and Diego took so Diego
slept in my room and literally I woke up
every hour and I was so annoying it took
so much care of me
no she wasn't annoying she just she'd go
that's it
no I was sorry I was so sick dude that's
so sick because I was in pain these guys
so good but without further ado I would
like to introduce to you my biggest fan
really thing how's it going thanks so
much for coming last minute I really
appreciate it just finish the screening
goes so far kids first time watching
movie with closed caption subtitles and
some of them are so off and there's like
swearing in several rows of what the
abyssal area so I'm bottom G says do you
want to build a snowman - claps just do
you wanna be my futon would you do Q&A
now with whom little more often we're
going to go Superman you do says Mumbai
ah do you wanna be my food tongue each
of the QA I tried to have as much energy
as I could but there was a real probably
the best questions I've ever been asked
ever there were just such good questions
raveled yes and we got to also meet and
interact with a lot of the support
system in India the team Super's that
are holding it down here shoutouts to
Bev shadows to Sri Sri jealous is Sri
only she was there too
she was the other realized the other
very important together very much
appreciated everyone that came very more
very appreciable and you just I
definitely have a lot of support for me
and I really appreciate that we're about
to go ahead to eat some put on Tina
which is Indian food I'm so excited
because I've been eating properly and
like a lot of hours so that's what we're
doing
I can you do us a favor can you watch
unicorn Island with the subtitles on and
please I do you to all the mistakes that
you notice I need to email you too but
this I cannot believe so you Tuesday's
Mumbai is actually inside the school
whistling what's International to film
school and gave me a bunch of gifts look
at one of the gifts
it's a Bollywood saga book and it's such
it's so gonna fit perfectly in my grade
table at home ligase bombs dope the
history of Bollywood cinema and for
those who don't know Bollywood is the
biggest film industry in the world much
bigger than Hollywood
I don't know if I said that you go
through 1000% true remembers I don't
cause the biggest actor in the world yes
Shahrukh Khan is the biggest eg Google
fix actor the world actually my dude
right there that's my dude right shut
I'm on the cover okay Kevin okay janae
King hey to me was Madhuri and that's
Aishwarya she want me by a red sheep
okay out of the roti and then cake the
sub to put it into the bucket and then
you eat it
hmm yeah the real cool yeah use a spoon
your pansy
your everybody
some things make it all the way across
the planet India
No India vs. Pakistan you know so I
don't know if I've logged a lot today or
anything and I'm that crappy um so this
log is really short I might combine it
with tomorrow because I feel like
tomorrow will also be recovery day so
stay tuned I'm not gonna end this I
don't think it's the next day I'm alive
my throw obviously I'm a throw infection
so it's still sounding some type of way
but I feel better than yesterday I body
still really hurts I don't have a fever
which are very glad about and it's the
combination of being sick and morning
voice JK it's mostly just being sick but
I'm gonna head down have some breakfast
um and today's goal is to get a body
massage that's what I want to do today
Wow I sound horrible okay let's go eat
eggs let me introduce you to my little
friends oh these are all the things I
gotta take every day to basically stay
alive in my sickness and I'm a spoiled
brat so I can never take them on my own
I need someone to give them to me
because I just want to feel like I'm
taken care of
to be fair usually when I'm sick of a
bad one but this is like a different
kind of sick where I just feel so weak
and so I'm being a little bit of a brat
and they're being so understanding and
that's my story
alright so this is the vibes got my cool
pants and we're heading to go India Gate
and Taj Palace and hopefully find an
auto box you can auto in this liner back
on Chloe auto rickshaw I can't come in
this area so we're gonna find some auto
rickshaws and have a lasting result you
should do you here like this I'm gonna
do for you is I'm battered ooh - good -
yeah exactly thank you bright yeah we
don't I don't know every years who dope
paddle oh hi Pablo how do I give you so
far I love India it is so colorful and
smells and sounds or so what's going on
I want y'all to know imma actually
sexist I just do this to Pablo but I
actually really probables personality
with this person tell Lamar like you
yeah she really likes me as oppressed
chase
this one 1887 our cab drivers also tour
guide
professional photo where photo me
hey I read Cody you store again I got
not like he wasn't the Guardian
so the Guardian the movie no another
cake to divert it then formulators after
dating a cappella police anything you
don't cover what a chill out that she
wasn't happy
this is India Gate I believe this right
here Taj Palace Hotel takes pictures
really good feeling about it
Diego's basically getting pictures taken
with him because he's white he's a white
buf madam you watching a picture I'm
Justin Timberlake just Photoshop
everyone now
yes which
hilarious little visual areas fun oh no
imagery both are good that's so funny
giggle next prisoner ass you say five
rupees I just want to know why collect
five rupees each so we have 300 cute
little students following us behind and
we just you know that will take three
years to take a bunch of pictures oh
that's only making their descent it's
like watching the Discovery Channel look
at the ceiling
alright there's several hours later we
actually came home I was so close to
fainting at this cafe went to actually
to lie down in the cafe I start seeing
black dots in my cup guy so clearly
still sick but I'm gonna get a massage
now because I'm body's broken I was
going on my chest is so congested I'm
dying
dang I was not bad
anyways this is Diego Hummels over there
snoring that's per usual Oh looky he
quiet you got quite for camera wait for
it will hate for it mm-hmm I'm gonna go
to bed cuz bang her bag cuz I'm dying
and I supposed to record my rant today
and I'm kind of debating I got I
obviously want to post it very tomorrow
the kind of sucks because I have majore
like I have the video done I just need
to shoot the rent portion I have all the
other things it's a school when I shot
remember but I don't know if I'm gonna
be okay enough to shoot a rent and not
sound like a hot mess so I don't know
I'll keep you updated tomorrow for when
I post a video or not but yeah I'm gonna
go to bed or something like that thank
you for joining me on another day hope
you had a great day I hope you don't
have a cough and how people have phlegm
in your eat supper geese if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you liked it subscribe
