somebody please freeze time the next day
I am so sick I want to die sake tour all
over again William to collapse I just
can't tell you - he's not dead I can
collapse
that we're so right now your appointment
meet-and-greet show everything hurts I
want to cry do you I want to cry I'll
give you a hug
so so hot in this building to the venue
I'm silly keep dancing
thank you sweating and hopefully sweat
on my favor she's like this like
honestly I don't want to complain but
I'm really freakin sick right now and
how I said I don't want to office job
but then one of the consequences you
can't take sick days like I'm considered
my voice keep coughing and I'm gonna do
it I'm gonna do it to me wonderful isn't
fine but I just didn't require a lot of
willpower for sure because I definitely
I don't even see I'm a sweating buckets
I have such a high fever but we have a
doctor coming to the hotel hopefully
they inject some something in me and
I'll go from there but I think looks
good so I can actually tell you the
stuff since Justin's tomorrow I'm coming
out on a rickshaw an auto rickshaw on
the top of it to model haughty one of
your sins my hottie so I'm really
excited about them just finalizing the
dance but we're gonna do we're gonna do
this we're in this together
hi this is my India routine so during
tour in Bangalore this also happened to
be things like a dehydration exhaustion
situation what we called the unromantic
side of the grind you know don't work
hard and you get sick hard nice you
won't get a new winter but it's a little
more romantic I'm not saying he's sick
I'm sick I'm not sick no one here is
known as if you're right I'll give you
nothing
I'm sweating
Oh
right now that is outside very very hot
in addition to my favor so we're trying
to class on the main green this close to
close
ah
ah
don't apart time that I was just thick
for this log that my nose is also stuff
and I just
I am I just collapse on stage I know
this whole blogs would be complaining
about big thing but I feel so so
horrible I have no idea how good to do
this and that's my current state right
now I always want to cry I want to cry
power through it we're gonna power
through it
these are the vibes this dope necklace I
got this blackjack on my very very
addressing a tumble but numbers and
tumble Indian tomboy side I like
boyfriend jeans this necklace got that
jacket on top it's gonna be dope
no one sec I don't know the second Sammy
I'm not someone elses
I'm sorry for getting in the your way
during the break part I got too excited
that's okay don't have to run all the
way back around it break down to kill
dolls like soul for something did you go
yeah go really go but thank you so much
guys girls so awesome I really
appreciate you guys a free tour nothing
to do was just I have this meaning for
my movie after usage all over but I use
up much go get some rest
yo so money is quite under the weather
so I'm gonna finish up this blog we have
got heard of bed and pumped her full of
wonderful medicines that are gonna make
her go to sleep cuz she's doing a
screening of the 82 UI film tomorrow at
the YouTube space and Mumbai so she's
resting up and make sure that happens
she left it all on the stage as you guys
saw she had a great performance she was
completely sick had a sore throat had
low energy the whole time so once she
got off stage it was time to get that
rest so now she's getting the rest cuz
none of us have really got any sleep
since we landed here because of the
jetlag and because we had so much to do
but now most of that is done we're all
gonna rest because if we don't rest then
we can't keep grinding rest is part of
the grind so I am closing off the vlog
in the meantime I know obviously I'm
much better looking too so it's a nice
way to end it thank you everybody for
all the wonderful kind comments y'all
left on Twitter about the performance so
glad you guys liked it and if you liked
it subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
don't you found Superman yet
really I'm an ass especially so when you
getting married when you think about
arranged marriages like do you ask the
milk raters the same things I really
don't think you do
and so one of those entry differently is
that me being a woman and all colors
always a first and second question
