oh we got some questionable poops haha
do a gym fo indefinably every time comes
in jail you'll get stick it's part of it
not because anything's wrong with
Indians is everything so different the
water in the air and all that stuff so
I'm surviving though I'm holding up good
morning I woke up at 7 a.m. naturally
not even with my alarm alarm except for
a I went downstairs had some breakfast
I'm up I'm ready to go killing the game
right now I'm working on my keynote
speech and it's kind of like it's
something I'm so passionate about
and every time I'm really passionate
something have a hard time writing it
when I had to write the cloud for Selena
Gomez days days days for me to figure
out questions when I have to write like
my intro speech for htu I couldn't do it
things I'm really passionate about have
a really hard time writing because I've
so many thoughts in my brain but this
one it is a key note that I wanted to do
so I'm only assigned to do there's a
creator Academy today Mumbai where we do
like a panel and answering people's
questions aspiring creators but I was
like yo I want you to add another thing
to my schedule is I want to do my own
like keynote speech specifically geared
towards women on YouTube because I feel
like especially the place where India
where that's not as prominent I want to
give them any advice I can not that I'm
an expert by any means but try to pay it
forward and so it's called becoming
super women that's the keynotes title
and the tagline is it's something along
the lines of a guide to being an epic
Indian woman on the Internet oh and
that's just because I feel like I
haven't do some unique experiences and I
have a lot to offer like I said by no
means an expert but I just feel like I
want to pay forward everything I've
learned and very very bluntly yeah I
might be one of the first Indian females
that got big on YouTube I don't want to
be the last and I want to inspire if I
can and help people be do what they
weren't doing create with the want to
create and if I could help them anyway I
feel like it's my duty to pay it forward
not because I think I'm like the leader
of Indian women on YouTube but it's just
because I've been blessed with a lot of
opportunities and a lot of experiences
and I'm gonna stop sugarcoating it
basically I feel like the bigger you get
you gotta pay it forward or your douche
and I don't want to be a douche and I
want to pay it forward and I feel like
you got to share the blessings of people
so imma shut that poppin work on
because I just ran it for two minutes
God definitely you start the blog off
like this I don't know I need you right
now you okay oh yeah I'm gonna do that
let me get ready and armor is gonna be
here in an hour and it's how I feel
about it
okay don't the poop is gonna come up you
are you so this is the vibe it's like
swag dark priestess got my super hair
that my shine shoes is that is actually
dress some warriors Garza judge me I
wanna do some interviews down sirs and
after that we're heading to YouTube
space so it's go go go for a little bit
late but that's nothing new
those guys are following me for years
what happened right in the camera he's
like
so Beethoven never beat environment
indeed she literally stops traffic turn
our crown off in my mind or goes over
these movie ah
don't try make viral videos and don't
try to change the views and numbers as
tempting as that is I think the best way
to become successful on YouTube is to
build a community
so what athlete you to space Mumbai
about my blazer I look like legit like
I'm gonna like I don't know what your
stellar house or like I'm part of a
mafia I don't know but I'm going to go
to the Russian with a piece of babby and
in true you to say / tonight is bracing
squeezing it's freezing it's so cool
stabbing you and then I got two paddles
a shock on the second was when I was
talking about earlier that I wanted to
do sales going on immediately released a
little frazzled the actions are
happening walk going on or when this
together when we haven't watched my
first panel and just going this guy
right here taking a picture of me behind
me so that's happening overseas fizzy's
and if you remember surely was a New
Zealand movie I don't think I've logged
well I went to user one who shows there
and Shirley was like an aspiring creator
now she's like an awesome trainer I'm so
proud of Richard so well and we just had
a panel and it went so well now I have a
little bit of break and they've got the
second panel I think if you wanna know
how to I bought this one for each other
mad mad weakness you have interview said
hastily
haven't you have you found Superman yet
unless I really have an ass discussion
so what when are you getting married
when you think about arranged marriages
like do you ask the male craters the
same things I really don't think you do
and so what a little treat differently
is that me being a woman in all colors
always a person second question not the
fact that I'm making comedy are making
inspiration or motivation or whatever is
that I'm doing so followed by that
practice I don't eat in so long burritos
yeah
I've somehow become very sick and I
don't know how this has happened I think
I hung out chased too much it's 134 I am
just posted my Thursday video
bless my life having a shot every age
that to edit it I feel horrible I feel
like absolute crap we still have a bunch
of stuff to do and I oh my god I saw the
dress suppose bottoms eat them when
Jesus you one thing I don't want to do
that
can someone else do that good can
someone else do that I'll be bottom gee
I don't give him any he's got a beard or
you do bungee
Paramjeet namaste up Casio I'm dying
oh my god I can't lose my voice which my
god please no please the one day in a
thousand
Monica loudly
undying though sickness I'm gonna die
I'm just dying right now
I just can't my throat is killing I'm
dying it is what time is it
487 it's four we gotta be in a lobby by
8:30 so I was asleep
you just sleep soon too you know what
I'm gonna put the logo you're gonna love
my wife
yeah you know it's you it's not a way
from blood change a thing oh are you
watching a Photoshop this man is so
youth is nice is he doing that work okay
oh my god I'm dying that okay I need to
survive we're gonna do find us tomorrow
somehow someway and I mean great and get
our hair done and you yeah if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
god please don't let me be sick too much
if you like it subscribe
drop the mat shoulders linger on
anything because I said one of show the
other day is another show Steve my face
with whatever me stay my just like
in the business stays exactly what you
think it maybe not doesn't talk he's
assuming the vest is gonna go outside
you like hello I would like to make a
stupid
