it's exam I love you mom I have some
conflicts mother Miller Gotham good
morning Mumbai look at look at my little
number we just had breakfast actually
look about 8:00 a.m.
force myself to sleep until 9:00 welcome
by night I was gonna force myself to
sleep another hour because our meeting
time is 12 but we got up I had some
breakfast it was delicious the time now
is 1021 we got to meet downstairs or me
and someone through my 12 we decided the
works that starts at 12 so I'm gonna
take a shower
oh I stopped with yesterday I put in my
new yesterday night I put on my next
trip in this line
it was toy toes up and so we're
progressing we're progressing with
Invisalign good things good things going
on they have in the shower that's what's
going on I gotta add a release the vlog
got managed to do gotta figure out the
show let us figure out our stuff got do
things and with my neck and I am talking
reason
uh namaste quiz take a moment to look at
lollies growth like this is a horn I'm a
bowl I'm biscuit one sided Bullock look
at this how annoying is this length
right now like what my alley why you're
not invited to Mumbai lolly not invited
the means Joe sister my vibes and we're
heading to go check out some costume
places there's three costume places we
don't know what we're looking for really
but just something cool um this is the
difficult part when you do things
overseas because the dance they're all
from overseas and so we don't know other
side's and we couldn't prep costumes
that in such way so looking for to
statement pieces for humble and I and
then the dancers I guess we're gonna
figure it out accordingly like that
statement pieces she be dropping mad
shoulders legally Avenue because I said
one of show the other days I never show
Steve Murphy's whatever me stay by
just like in Vegas stays exactly what
you think it may be that doesn't talk
he's assuming the best is gonna go
outside you like hello I would like to
make it what would you need v glucose
yeah oh my god well I'm gonna move Ollie
would you become on with because I said
a right no she'll have a good chap just
replied didn't even know what running
show me I said be not right I'm sure
with me if you got if ever son says okay
we'll figure it out we'll pick out the
random show a lot over the phone for six
years no I don't know Roger should run a
show and this is right I have the boys
this is why you don't have a whoops
little talk to talk I don't say running
show
anyways what he's gonna do is I'd go get
some costumes up well see what happens
also this is other guy here was gonna
vlog because we weren't sure right now
but I guess you could find Sophia its
Diego and Diego's so sweet because look
at his face his face is so sweet I love
his face but do you guys miss me just
like I was just talking on well everyone
here is here to help support they're all
working store like yours here to shoot
some stuff shoot some awesome stuff and
you just do your donating his time no
I'm gonna stay night not mistaken topic
si huh and it's so dope but you can
chase you donating time almost well
based across rooms everyone's coming
together to help those cause and we got
to make sure that last time they're
gonna have an awesome plan yeah what
it's also booked yeah we're very about
it let go so I have to say this because
we're not real busy everybody wears
collared shirt so that's something and
our driver just left the last four
directions obviously like GPS is another
thing everyone answered eventually ask
for directions salaciously you're one
central one one guy big yeah yeah that
music it's this road is it okay another
guy interrupts the conversation oh yeah
yeah like it's this road again like the
same as the first decade were looking at
that were like where's this one catch
here look we literally couldn't say any
road name and they're like yeah this is
it I was like what are you talking about
only directions we have is the name of
the store and the street there's no
street number so they can be anywhere
and is like 45 driver got out but you
know I'm always explained today however
your risk college is rich like get your
improve the driver looks like music no
no like literally anyone could save this
car without the collared shirt videos no
idea I don't even know no idea how sure
them listen no idea though I'd recognize
it he's my good friend
talking the whole time yeah if that's
what did you say to him I said namaste
up gets a home what the first costume
plays were they'll be walking down dark
alleys so our stairs right now like this
magic for I have no idea no luck here
y'all got to hear my Hindi where I'm in
emergency situation somehow it comes up
but we're heading to second place no
luck here where our driver go we look
like all the trip what a college your
hat
oh no there's ten of them all right so
no luck with what we're looking for I
think we're looking for needs to be made
they tried though we put in the full
effort and we know that it's not good
mother we couldn't Matt effort so now
we're going for the plan B which I still
think we look really good
we're gonna look like when boyfriend
jeans it's like Punjabi Jitsu and didn't
you the curly toes the long short kurta
like a blazer over and blades in my her
I think I look really good
super go yeah not always about what
you're worth how you wear it
work we all work alright so now we're
heading to Phoenix there's so much
traffic oh my goodness so much office
the hours and hours to get back or we're
back now I'm it's already dark if so
much work to do still which is stressing
me out but we tea my head is pounding 17
yet we're walking to Phoenix small right
now to grab some food and then the work
session must begin that's what's going
on when in mumbay is really important to
have the cultural experience of EDI
McDonald's ons in Phoenix mall
I obviously meant palladium I forget
every school time how spicy the mix play
stupid Arab there's no dying and humbles
me died more
do that I figure every time I almost got
Bo time to let him lick dye my block
tongue is on fire
literally on fire resisting the urge to
sleep right now is very difficult but it
will be done hum boy die to lie down
once it was verbally abusive as Papa I'm
gonna sneak enough every time I'm
looking no we have so much way of us
doing my work to do
what time is it time is 8:30 oh my god
oh my god we getting just 10 items wrong
when he's 7 a.m. then it's 7 no 8 a.m.
in California we're gonna do this though
we're not gonna give our gonna do is
we're gonna do Zaza
stupid Birds I'm steppin saw
yeah yeah I'm awake
uh-huh uh-huh I'm working uh-huh things
uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh
is the time is 1:00 a.m. I am pretty
much at the peak of be up stay up
I have I want to wake up at 8:00 because
I feel ready by 11:15 and I want to go
over my keno stuff um I kind of wrote
some stuff I didn't like go over go over
because there's just so much stuff to do
when I'm trying to like do a lot of
things at once
tomorrow's like today tomorrow armor is
landing and that's going to be cool cos
and help us do some costume stuff and
tomorrow's gonna be absolute chaos like
absolute beast mode chaos Energy's got
to be very positive he's got good
everything's I have a good mentalities
got to be good it ain't got to be good
so we going in full force right now he's
going to pop or we try our best to put
on an amazing performance for you and I
sincerely hope you like it so I'm gonna
head to bed
Tamar's crazy day I still got my
vibrator 20 minutes to it's volatile
those makes me so sleepy I'm dreaming oh
my god do that as well on the thanks for
joining me on this day this crazy
adventure Mumbai tomorrow is another day
if you like it subscribe if you I could
subscribe if you liked it subscribe who
are you ah sounds a guy in the room
oh my shirts on sorry yeah stop that
what's up I look weird
no you don't you look at I look stress I
didn't know you leaving
and I was leaving tomorrow and I spelled
the salad dressing up he still looks
ever so handsome
