did sleep all night because of this guy
right here snoring so loud
what would you snap something - what did
you snap so let me show you in your
video that's a buffalo the effort here
anyways I do something cool look I'm
shooting with today it's bad huh that's
here but last time we met whitey FF gave
me a script and I didn't have time to
shoot at the end site over over have me
save me for here um and now we should be
ready for a channel I'm very excited
about
he's an honor to be a dream Oh collab
and it'd be too painful oh ha ha ha ha
this way and a rue she's here - oh my
god I stepped on your Bush I'm sorry NCA
goes my helper shoot its give a good
thing and then after this we have
another shoot with my Jeep and then
after I went the holy party
alright so we finished how was it was it
everything you wanted me was everything
and more I am gonna let this thing go
two more days it was amazing thank you
so much of course of course
this just be a stellar friend over here
as well by shooting in the courtroom
almost here everyone's here gerber is
here we're about to shoot our next thing
and first one post that dope holy video
right now you're so picky dope dope man
yeah the guy the wave is downstairs
asking birthday oh that's all you guys
shooting where can I find the link a
true true true the demand you see the
demand the demand oh ha those girls are
so sweet so strong was that a meeting
for a year ago that was I'm I'm being
greatest fan she met me and she gave me
a script and a year later I just
remembered it when I was commenting is
like oh I remember a year ago she me the
script and so and this video throw was
really great and really cute and so I
can't wait to see how it turns out and
I'm excited for it but now we are
turning into mine jeath and I'm a little
stressed about it because every time I
shoot anything a crowd develops not
because I'm super home but because like
people genuinely get curious if
something's being shot and crowds are
not the best when you're trying to be
like low-key and stuff it's very hard to
do low-key stuff here like you don't
Toronto rally I'd go around like shoot
on the streets very hard to do that here
especially because gnar just is gonna be
my item girl and I think I'm just
repeating things over and over again in
this blog but you know I'm doing I'm
doing for myself to hear it aloud so I
wrote a song it is basically and be part
of a larger video that I'm going to
continuously shoot like it's not going
to be that I'm gonna shoot and release
it because it's many moving parts of the
video but
one of the segments I thought would be
cool by shot in India so that's what I'm
doing I wrote the song last night so I
don't remember it but I'm gonna try to
memorize it as I can't play it over and
over and over again and then the parts I
don't remember will cover with b-roll so
that's gonna happen a little bit anxious
about it but we're gonna make it happen
let's turn into Manjeet you know looking
really handsome guy look I'm going to
wait this one this one shoe this one saw
like cool guy hello we are sir dancing
good Tina go quick Avena go oh my god
I'm so weird haha
it is the vibes wear the shirt under
Google I'm on ji Chang let's go come on
yesterday we're just two gals having
dinner and now and now we where's one
man and one woman working it but we drop
hot fire yeah hot fire drop me a little
cheesy right now drop it drop it chop it
what but yes shake it shake it wait let
me get a little good food Ian
work work no those are my clothes
my name is monkey from sector 7b is my
getup for the holy party gotta wipe it
down me white t-shirt white t-shirt on
my head I'm a rapper nobody you rebel
about you cuz you wonder bears cause my
life ah you know we'll see you know
what's up ah very very happy we got that
shoot done today now I feel like I had a
productive India tripping it feels
really good about it
I'm behind you think it turned out no
epic awesome and a lot of fun to do it
was a Lanvin are just so great I
honestly like we're friends like we we
friends like I need to like
notifications she's so funny so crazy so
funny I adore I adore but yeah that's
what's going on we're trying to get to
this party forever it's not because we
can't get in we know everyone it's just
that there's so much traffic outside and
now the credit cops have shut down the
music and the DJ that was spinning we
just met him which is nuclear and you
desperately anymore and now we don't
know what's happening
we should walking around for 20 minutes
give away that got us in is trying to
get out and we're so unholy right
ah legit a different world right now a
different world right now four world
right now
confusion continues about Sunday with
the health happening so apparently the
headliner for this party her name is
also patrolman
good luck we have a surprise for you
it's not me yeah take a look at
we have a surprise and I'm like a better
number baby yes No so the party's all
gone have gotten shut and all the pies
have gotten checked down by the police
and now we have no idea what to do
we're our own party and we're and we're
pretending that we had wholly evil in
our faces to pretend someone put him up
some someone put some of the other guys
what doesn't know so we just decided to
powder each other we have a few things
of powder the other boys have got
another wish we said the two Whitey's
alone on an adventure in an autorickshaw
you look white people couples head
pretending
and now I just realized okay so I just
realized that it's Thursday well it's
still Wednesday technically and all day
Thursday according to Eastern Standard
Time I'm gonna be on a plane for two
hours so I should go back make a video
right now but we'll see we'll see I
don't know we'll see what day was it
I refuse to wash my hair again I'm not
doing a little bit of my hair it's fine
I'm gonna wash it um we just like
powdered ourselves outside with a little
bit powder we had great day very fun the
holy party didn't work out so well but
it's okay because we still got to
celebrate our own little ways that's
cool people are leaving Diego's leaving
like 30 minutes um and then we were
gonna leave in like five six hours head
to the airport
to begin our 21-hour journey and I don't
even think that's enough time to make a
video but I'm gonna go shower then I'm
one of my friends might be coming to
visit so I'm gonna see if he can come to
visit as well and that's what's going on
only a few hours left number going I
look like a jeweled miming penguin 13 so
the DJ I heard spent for like a couple
seconds - his name is nuclear yeah and
he's like a really big DJ in India and I
love his stuff it's like this dubstep
stuff and I'm gonna listen to it our
room is a disaster I'm here to start my
packing process sergeant's coming to av
Arjun Kapoor who's an actor here who
I've been excited to me he's coming to
meet me in my hotel a little bit I'm
like y'all I won my sweat pants so don't
be looking too good because it's what
you're gonna get we gonna skip straight
to true friendship right now okay I'm
packing everything else so much to pack
but I'm gonna play some nuclear I'm
gonna pop some ish and it's just get it
done let's get it now yeah fine by you
so this gorgeous this handsome fella
came all the way here to meet me look
whit you talkin to me yeah the mafia oh
I like my head okay yeah the mirror
that's nothing for what do you want to
talk about this gorgeous man okay so
we've been talking for like 15 minutes
the first time we ever met you tell them
how cool you look I am NOT 15 minutes
you've been talking to me for the last
one hour but you were one hour how cool
my as a person that's what I wanna know
how cool am i as a boss and I'm not the
coolest people you'll ever meet in your
entire life okay
you've obviously cooler again for you is
only probably 15 minutes time and it
still for you the other both ladies you
and you can leave a loser young comment
below don't you think he has a very
pretty smile every time I smile it
enters day so I don't do dad I'm on my
next week three of them is line by the
way I can't speak but but that's good i
bam in your face
alright the time is 1:00 a.m. I took a
hour and up I'm suddenly so so tired I
can't wait to sleep on the plane
we're gonna leave for the airport now so
I just woke up on my half asleep just go
to the airport and it's so tired
uh-huh so the flights are three hours to
the by then from Dubai ever to ever stop
to our stopover and 16 hours to LA is
this exact reverse like here and I want
this blessed playing again so I'm gonna
knock out could be so tired and I
probably I can't I'm not posting on
Thursday video I'm sorry
you've just turned Thursday we're gonna
play for 22 hours I'm sorry I'm sorry
but I did so well for the rest of the
trip so I hope that's okay um yeah
that's going on I'm a knockout I think
I'm gonna end the vlog I don't know now
when I land
I don't know I'm not sleepy I'm not
sleepy
all right about to board the 16-hour
flight from the by Delhi that's true
we're almost home just kidding we're not
even close we're not even close just so
with so much more to go but I'm the
volga soon as I step into my apartment
I'm so disoriented if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe so just got
unicorn island eyes and there's a lot of
powder a lot of booger and powder
everywhere in my face right now we have
a proud if the audience going on with a
lot of powdered in my digestive system
right now in my lungs and my esophagus
but I think it looks pretty good
