I woke up if my uterus is like yeah the
period cramps though not our team I
sleep sleep schedules effed
uh-hum okay my going better like five
six and usually I go to bed or like two
because since I moved out they have like
fix my scout just go like max to like
1:00 1:30 even and I have a morning
wake-up I'm so tired so I'm gonna try to
finish because I'm going to India
tomorrow and my sleep schedules me ask
anyways but my fellow driver waiting
till schools do a shoot ever excited
about it and we're gonna power through
and make it fun and exciting and
positive burns together that's joy
alright saurons classroom photo shooting
the use of shot at the same school
humbles here he'll hasn't eaten yet so
no one talked to humble uh what helpful
is now food he's a completely different
human being um I'm pretty hungry I'm
pretty tired as well but we're gonna
make it happen right haha he's like
don't talk to me homeboy
he's like I give you three all right
we're gonna make this happen
look ooh I'm shooting with Oh God fast
what's up logos here Oh as long as a
good time Kings just enjoy what I've
always King just left she was here you
did a quick cameo as well I'm excited I
think it's gonna turn out great
I'm very excited about this one I feel
good about it so Thomas is here and
we've both never done the condom
challenge but for this skit we need to
do it and so we're in a classroom and
we're gonna try to nail this the first
time we got some towels and stuff here
no I think that's good yeah I think Oh
oh my goodness Joan did you yes all
right no I never done this um I
apologize in advance okay that's what we
do for our art you know okay I like more
than everybody okay oh my goodness
you know just walk this over I'm gonna
drop it if you're okay you're gonna do
that and then if he's okay I'm gonna go
all right now I'm gonna take a picture
and Tyson when you want to hook up with
if he's okay but if you're not take it
off like I don't get okay
are you ready mr. standard ready let's
do it don't have sex in boys all right
so we just wrapped you got to make sure
it don't leave any more any condoms
anywhere in this classroom um but I
think it just was really good I think
I'm really happy I went and knocked
record the rant portion of it but I'm
super happy now we're just wrapping up
clean up the thing is director right
here hello down yeah this is the first
this will be a new thing Lily's gonna
take this to a new level it's gonna be
like an ongoing series do you think so
yeah I could have a part to the YouTube
bread is gonna order like 15 episodes no
no I'm not you know why cuz it's top
secret it's a secret sticker project
take I hate to J Dilla me but G get dad
I just fell asleep on a couch for two
hours we came back so tired we realized
also because the time change we lost an
hours sleep sue got like four hours of
sleep but now we're up when I go to
Ralphs grocery store and buy some box of
granola bars and boxes of other things
because we learned from all of our trips
to India that's useful to have those
sometimes when you can't eat the food
there or when your hotel or when you're
on a 16-hour flight they're gonna grab a
bunch of that stuff look up please guy
looks let's go no Katie
look here does look pretty actually yeah
I think it looks kind of pretty
um and then we're also gonna grab
something to eat since our grocery store
downstairs is closed today and then
we're going to shoot something and then
we're gonna pack and we got work to do I
got lots of work to do um because I
wanted to try to make this Nick it was
the third time go to YouTube FanFest
Indian I love it every time but I'm
trying to make this India trip really
productive so my trip whole ship is
actually 10 days
I never say for 10 days I you should do
like 5 days or whatever think with 10
days I want to shoot so many clubs do so
much stuff and just make it so
productive and just have a heap of
content a heap look at me
translation we're gonna find her a
husband no what's your bio-data better
give what your bother that okay this is
my bio-data supposed to find a husband
quite sure number one he can't want to
be my husband we gotta start as friends
okay number two he's got to be real you
gotta be mad real I don't want him I
hate when people try to impress me then
this talk was remote imagine how to pee
but I mean it's the most humble way what
a person reference but imagine how many
people try to impress me in my day just
a lot of people try go to meetings I'll
try to impress me all the time I think
it's so freshing fast to meet someone
and they didn't try to impress him they
like I'm a nerd I'm a geek destroy em I
find that so attractive that's why I
think do you guys gain what you mean why
I never kid you got game dude I got
diamond we mean like a game you know how
to like slide up in the day I am the
game a mother for Triple H I am the girl
right time to play the game I am okay
doo doo doo doo yeah I do I'm talking
about his old obviously I'm going down
there I slide in the yo y'all don't even
know it there's mad Bollywood actors na
is going down there
okay this mad mullet I just reached out
even if we don't shoot things just to
hang I'm gonna hang out with some cool
people that have excited to me um so
yeah that's going down
don't be fun a lot of fun yeah I do we
gotta make this put see the thing with
haumana the way we think things are fine
is if we go there and get a thousand
things done and be productive like y'all
are so much fun in dope that's that's
the only way you don't feel guilty then
come back to yourself
I gotta come back with literally a wagon
a wagon full of content wagon a wagon
full of content that's that big let's go
right good northern north lebackes
IV i v-i us to phone six santos city in
the world with a better mix what a pat
reference sore about to shoot something
for humbles channel and he's gonna
release it soon reason being what he's
gonna release the something we're going
to include in the whitey FF set with
something you never before heard how
about we gonna tell them what is it
that's the way that's a way what is it
come on it's gonna come out well before
the 18th you know that before the 18th
we're going to edit this on the plane
that's what's that why don't you read
for so many references to what I did I
baptized ah ah water home skillets its
1108 or soothe appointments we've been
thinking last like three blogs we a
massage but today we actually got him
you got to masseuse is coming and
they're coming in about 20 minutes so
I'm gonna send a few emails before that
I didn't shave my legs this time I'm
like I don't care thank you
didn't do it um I just wanna and that's
why we got a pack which I'm not looking
forward to cuz I'm not a good Packer as
we all know um fun fact no matter how
many times many where I always make a
packing list and there's like basic
things on it like toothbrush too busy
I'm just so bad about I don't know Nana
so due to the period I just explained
tamil the privilege of men have and I'm
gonna explain I'm not being sexist under
saying clean eating while you're on your
period almost impossible the way your
body craves everything today's web
really fail because I woke up late I had
to have an Egg McMuffin
from McDonald's for breakfast or I was
gonna collapse um ice had some granola
bars because you're paranoid crave
certain things you need that little
boost of energy so tables a little bit
of a fail um I even put some rice in my
rice bowl chole but to be honest I
didn't like it I think I actually prefer
the salad now I was telling home well my
body's used to the clean eating so now
when I eat like carbs anything have you
about my body's like like doesn't like
it so that's good they'd actually enjoy
the cleaning that tastes good
today the period was just that Gabi
Campos masala started my guys a little
bit late I love my masseuse like the
same one every time from this place he
has such a great energy he's so calming
you know me
99% of why I like someone is because of
their energy why I like Thomas Sanders
why I like Lindsey Stirling why I like a
lot of people their energy and oh Jesus
here you have two pieces of spaghetti
that are like I've got massages humble
had a great time husband side not a
wonderful move my guys awesome as well
we're trying to being like two girls
bragging about their boyfriends that's a
couple my masseuse did this he touched
my hair like that so I'm so excited I'm
Sora sponsible and I'm gonna upload my
video for tomorrow right now because
it's the site on one with Steve Aoki um
I'm excited about it because I think
it's funny and Steve is dope and his
hair is to open it was like fun to shoot
it was cool it was dope um I prefer when
brands like if I work with a brand I say
no to a lot of brands but I like to
order benefit like yo and can collab
with Steve I okay things like that I
think are cool love them because I'd
like yeah because one of my gem song
just ah Steve Aoki don't-don't-don't
into aerosol I when I want to present
that my like yeah let's talk work with
people that give you cool experiences
yeah what prove people excite you yeah
another fun to work with huh when you
watch the video know that it was so much
fun and I was so excited she wouldn't
Steve I would be so dope whenever upload
that I'm gonna pack I'm at my blog I
don't know
and it begins
okay stop procrastinating let's go uh
what uh uh finish back in kind of until
tomorrow you know last-minute stuff this
is gonna be overweight for sure ten days
I have enough clothes for three months
so might as well stay angry for three
months I'm gonna take this one I'm gonna
take my carry as well I take a backpack
i okay I'm over packing you more so for
this cuz I actually don't notice when we
throw in my rant or what I know I want
to do a lot of shoots so I've got a lot
of outfits I know people don't want to
take me out so I'm taking that stuff
shoes I packed away to make shoes I
packed like ten pairs of shoes because
you never know you know it's actually be
comfortable in all situations I stuck on
hums the whom later poet whom 'la how's
it going done see how much does a pack
all of his stuff and on every eyes here
the packed for India before game oh dang
I got here in India ready
plus I also got look is I got look you
got room for a unicorn onesie hey to put
some myself in suitcase I overpaid for
sure I have like ten pairs of shoes yo
the time is 444 a.m. I gotta wake up at
about 10:30 I've a call at 11:00 a call
at 11:30 ask super live at 12:00 leaving
for the airport at 1:15 before we go to
the I probably have YouTube space
tourism stuff that we're heading to
India my stopover is in Dubai it is 16
hours to get to the Y and then it's like
only eight two hours of 9,000 Dubai to
India I think I'm not like totally
making this up
sup I'm going to you what's going on
let's check mm stopover in Dubai how
long is this oh my god
so total travel is 21 hours 16 hours the
first play to our stopover in Dubai
second flight is three hours so if I'm
quite on social media for the next 24
hours that is high but I was so excited
to land in Mumbai um I love India I love
it and I'm so excited I'm looking to
survive a plane ride I hope you had a
great day thank you for joining me on my
journey strain our journeys continuing
in did well for your dog bad fish laughs
and again like I might vlog tomorrow my
vlog not might not blog the layover in
plain 41 hours I've know how much I can
do in a plane not much I can blog but
we'll see there may or may not be a vlog
yeah hope in a great day I will chat to
you soon
hey if you like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
okay if you had to just pick one okay
this is awk
I was gonna pick my pants if you said
okay Google okay good neither do I
you're gonna pick my pads if you had to
pick on anyone just anyone go ahead and
do that you pick that one okay first of
all I just I wear pads as a tampon oh
we're worried why are you more in town
so this is the section right here
