absolute iron it's like 12:30 I better
like 6:00 a.m. last night I don't know
why that's what happened I went
breadsticks am I just not do my makeup I
don't care I'm gonna have a puffy face
natural face and be happy about it
we're making breakfast and then we're
gonna head to check out two apartments
and we got to clean this place my
apartment is a mess we're never clean up
Artie right I'll bet that you think my
room huh
so backs are two places we're on the
right track the place book Leiden blog
cuz like I don't want to show you
someone else's place that's not mine yet
and like you know I don't know it's just
like a emotional things that I don't
know it is but gracious pace yeah almost
washing dishes we have a cleaning party
he strategy doesn't thank these things I
have unrealistic expectations I'm just
gonna slowly do what I know how to do
which is watch person was like people
he's gonna learn how to clean things
doing he's gonna learn how to clean
things today we need massages today
humble nose had a rough day yesterday so
he said he by massage just another body
massage he's such a good friend such a
good friend
maybe Cheerilee complete monopoly to you
saturday but we gotta get some work done
some leisure the place is a little bit
of a disaster so and clean it up it's
cleanup time let go I feel so much
better about life and everything is
sparkling Sparta the mr. clean
commercial right now yeah hey this was
teamwork all day hold it down low it was
very good that's what's up I wish you
man why she was oh not mr. clean
so I met mr. sparkles it's like mister
scrubber mister a spawn lap who this is
this is ding ding hey I'm through my
shower look I didn't do that's right
feeling good I'm feeling good I really
need to move clean so I take a shower
you feel like a fresh - I should
politics my bed
Shirou missus yeah so gif or Jif what
are y'all saying I think I say I think
change of town McCleary see Jeff I think
the guy who invented it everyone has the
story but knowing what the guy who
invented
still alive and it is gift I think it's
jiff but either way twitter has this new
what does it call i don't know that
these new gifs that you can like select
a news and so you click on them we went
to the dance one dance and we scroll
down the naked fireman there's a baby
there's police on and then we'll uh i'm
gonna push on twitter gift Jeff see when
I changed I said good I think I can make
I changed every time just sounds better
but I'm I think it officially good
graphic I changed it in timeless format
ah so gif it's like gift but with like
it this gif but we make a jiff I mean
because of the guys that's really cool
oh my god so I'm just gonna use me
smacking my booty I'm flattered so if
you're playing with us further we
realize it's an infinite scroll but it's
cool at the dancing what is kind of the
talk doesn't dance yeah anything you can
search for anything's you search for
your super winning gifts and everything
that's just so cool Game of Thrones oh
my god I will never tweet again without
a gift never gift sir also I'm looking
to buy ink is for himself so I challenge
all of you to make some gifts of
homework so humble you look at his face
because look at home we'll get out of
this
you're honestly JB's album is perfection
it's legit perfection like it's so damn
good metric shower also appeared which
is great but I guess it's better because
I didn't want to have it in India but
it's gonna suck cause I'm gonna have it
on that long 20-hour flight
so everything moola so die coke has
these new cat bottles look at them
they're so okay this is like a unicorn
Island right here
why don't look at this oh that one's
dope Darwin's dough they send us one of
every single one cold thinks oh my god I
love this I love that that's dope that's
good deca replaces that right goddamn I
said you walk alright so if you watched
my last video times people the grocery
store one of them was the stressed
husband who's been sent on task very
offensive like pad slash and her tampons
the Hummels of my husband but he is my
lesser in Mario Kart which is pretty
close so we're gonna reenact this we're
in this section right now because I told
her I need some girly products that's a
children government period and I'm gonna
India and I ran out of stuff I wore pads
yes make fun of me I don't care I was
raised an Indian woman love what I do I
don't I don't know I feel like Pat's
always looked down upon and they're like
uncool but now I'm openly stating if you
wear pads okay you're fine
it's cool I still get a lot of my
friends still do it just what I'm
comfortable with and if you can make fun
if you f it be yourself so I'm going to
teach you a thing or two I just want you
first don't know pressure I overreacted
and like you know the commercials that
we have the blue liquid and always
wondering what am I looking at that's
exactly when your period is like a
little small container boom liquid very
evenly going onto it exactly what it's
like okay if you had to just pick one
okay
this is all crazy I was gonna pick my
pants if you said approval okay good
neither do I you're gonna pick my pads
if you had to pick on anyone just anyone
go ahead and do that you pick that one
okay first of all I just I wear pads of
a tampon oh where are we why are you
more in town it is the section right
here the section I pick this one
oh I'm sorry from here to there this
whole section so these are all tampons
all right let's move over here I told
you where pads will go over here to
Friendship to Friendship okay pick
anyone none of you have pictures of
girls playing sports what do you think I
play sport I just feel like you want
something that allows you to be active
okay these all of the thing I'll just
based on color nose I will do I know you
tell me what would you say I would pick
the extra protection I feel like extra
protection yeah nothing just to be safe
okay I'll just leave the ones we got
kicked out of the pad section by
security for blogging but the point is
you did so good
all that one
are you
strapping in power work session you know
what's up the humble you clean this desk
it's like shiny and stuff like it's
going on but guess here's work session
time is seven hundred turn seven o'clock
you don't even put a seatbelt on Diwali
I'm it 7-piece about to work such got
manage to do got a shoot tomorrow in a
school and that's what's up - masseur
yo yo the time is 12:10 a.m. and being
very slow my scope reading I'm also
looking for a few people to make cameos
in my video tomorrow and obviously I'm
doing so last-minute no-one's replying
but that's what I'm doing I'm making
myself some spare gifts because you know
I'll earn me some asparagus and a veggie
burger when this is going on right now
I'm probably still gonna be up for
another two three hours and then shift
tomorrow starts at 11:00 inside a school
and oh my god from aqua park
oh wait up t-shirt reference Oh
my back really hurts go figure went
backwards everything hurt everything
lolly undecide lolly and decide lightly
on area side I don't know how much I've
logged today I'm sorry if I didn't blog
that much she was intense work tagging a
lot of work done I broke my scope for
tomorrow's video which I'm really liked
the idea for the video I wanna shoot
tomorrow I hope it comes out like I have
it intended in my brain sometimes I
think my brain and I'm like is anybody
at this or it's just just my brain is it
made for YouTube in a burrito leisure so
I hope it turns out well I think it will
when tomorrow they're also packed and on
Monday we're headed to India and we're
working so hard on our YT FF set but
admittedly a lot of it we're leaving
until we actually get to India because I
know you plan a lot of things you go to
you go there and then sometimes the
screens not how you imagined stays drawn
how you imagine and this stage is not
how you imagined and also the lot of
things I want to do that would be you
know just immature up you want Indian
they do things quickly if I say I need
this done by this day don't find a way
to do it here it's good 7 to 10 business
stays is expensive I know if I want to
get anything made or get anything done
but go to India someone's gonna get it
done because that's how they hustle and
grind their and so I'm saving a lot of
things but I actually get there to
figure it out I also really really
wanted my hair braided like you know hty
styles or my ytf performance I never
seen anyone and you do their hair like
that cornrows I don't know if I'll find
hairstyles they'll be able to do that if
you live in India and you know or don't
know if people can do that Bray Bray
that are shiny - tell me please let me
know let me know comment comments below
this is that comes on like I'm not
talking to my baby boo right now what
I'm gonna head to bed is actually go
wake up like five hours to go to the
shoot so I'm gonna do that I'll punch my
uterus in the face of you will punch my
uterus in the face of your dad's if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe don't like it subscribe I
can't go from calls and things I mean
treat a certain way in the getting to
these gates and people ignoring me and
just ah I can't do it I can't do it
I want to hug my mommy
