what's going on loud Bamford morning
good evening good afternoon wherever you
are walking to Lilly Singh blogs where
the hustle don't stop although today the
hustles gonna take a little bit of a
pause because I'm doing something so
excited here's the mission today what
surprise my parents that is it so here's
the deal my parents think I'm coming
home tomorrow on the 23rd but I'm
actually going home one day early on the
22nd a surprise that went a little more
quality time with them I've been up all
night it's 3:30 a.m. right now look
check out the ridiculousness of the
situation it's like a five-hour flight
to Toronto but because it's holiday
season cheapest economy flight was
$4,000 so I got a cheaper flight
obviously I try to wake no goddamn money
especially after that struggle nonsense
so I actually have a stopover in Salt
Lake City for like 40 minutes which
definitely means my bag is not gonna
make the flight whole bunch of inch
anyways I'm so excited to go surprise my
parents I cleaned my entire house I've
also hired some people helped me but I
clean my entire house away for one more
load of laundry to get done why because
when I land all my friends are landing
with me I need to make sure my house is
off point I'm so excited I need to leave
in like 10 minutes though hated to Salt
Lake City just supported by it
to Toronto iTunes four hours of sleep
that has to be dealt let's burn some
really great landed my boarding
connection willing to write across the
lane or like super easy too
supernovae for our glamour glamour just
landed three things we're definitely not
if anyone's straight up breathing a
little x2 dog
mom buys a 301 to pick up yes sir I
can't reason go wrong terminal Ron
terminal oh my god what's the toons yeah
okay so he's man of action
she just gonna go she's gonna go inside
all gravy she dropped me in for that egg
I'm gonna call my mom and well month old
my mom gonna ring the Drobo unsurprising
that's the bra no action
alright so my sister dropped me up down
the stree by the way Oh much dance no
it's so cold
okay and I wait for her go inside yeah
we got my cake hello why aren't you
answering my FaceTime
welcome home okay since I've lined up
already heard like five different
languages it's nice to be back in
Toronto so diverse it's so happy so my
parents with my family the kids and
everyone does it take some time chill
with them supposed to be a Merry
Christmas you miss me that yeah Danny
thanks for the heater so go in my room
okay let me educate all y'all
non-canadians about a king right now
okay cuz me the humble talk was all the
time so America doesn't have this but in
Canada we have something called McCain
cake deep and delicious and it's like
super cheap well how much is this cake
it's like five dollars three or four or
five dollars it is the best cake ever
it's a frozen cake it'll be out of the
Baskin Robbins all the fancy cake this
cake right here this is not a brand deal
right here leapin delicious
the oh geez no this is a Canadian Tang
right here every birthday party rice was
one of these cakes by her team mom is a
brief mombasa going on here - lot of
crackers to expect on your name and
cheapest would you like a deep and
delicious because you don't get them
belly
it's all in Canada pity are you endorsed
by the village but delicious only 50 all
right so I've jumped in on the action
here I'm working on my cookie I need to
touch that up but the blue was stolen
from me from someone that should remain
unnamed I'm going for actually I'm just
gonna I'm not gonna tell you Michelle my
dad just randomly steps in with this
where did you get this from hopefully
people clean that's so awesome
wow you have so many pictures of you
around the house now that's kinda cool
yeah she was like yeah
my pictures did you all find out who
yours up without both sides one time my
ass oh yeah fire alright here's my
cookie here I really wanted to go in the
direction of Smurf sighting so instead
of a white footprint I went blue and I
added some plate design here I would
need some feedback from the judges have
I've been chopped
I think it looks great thank you thank
you Jota what did my knee tell you do
when you get home look for boob
footprints because those are the Magical
Elves
and check if you're naughty or nice
they'll fly around your house you have
to be no good ok vomit I can't hear it
oh okay so here's the deal my family
puts a Christmas tree but they waited
for me to come put the star on so I get
it was a frog right there you got it
baby yeah let me show you Christmas tree
I activate the Christmas tree the family
but I obviously wasn't here I should the
wall behind dam like a greeting card
nothing like a hole so knock up in here
alright so let me hear you say to me
weird thing I think y'all try to take my
mom is the only one left singing didn't
didn't I appreciate you money get to the
gym
okay round two oh my god I fell asleep
on the couch for 900 hours I'm like why
they're like oh yeah a little crack of
dawn
now I asked my mom vegetarian chicken
curry I'm gonna go to bed later surprise
mom yes I was yeah hey hey today when
you're watching this are you ready for
this actually recent back up today when
you're watching this sub Bay today when
you're watching this my last collab of
christmas is coming up can you believe
that time has flown by like number 12
I'm just looking back like oh my god
this series has been a ride and a half I
will say number 12 is someone I was
probably one of the most excited I've
ever been to work with I was like oh my
god I can't believe I'm working with you
don't know if you'll feel the same
really special important to me here's a
little sneak peek all right class
welcome why don't we go around the room
and talk a little bit about why we're
all here I can't wait for it to come up
during super 60 let me know if robot I'm
sucking cheese makes you lose also just
let you know I might do that thing where
I combine my weekend again I think I'm
pretty much set on combining my weekend
into one blog Saturday and Sunday so I'm
probably to do that my flock schedule
has been all over the place mostly
because it's been so hard during 12
collabs to like blog throughout the day
when I have to keep so many secrets
about what I'm doing just make sense and
I will let you know that during the
holiday season you know and tell them
well after New Year's it's gonna be a
little up in the air cuz it's gonna be
some days where it's gonna choke my
family and not vlog and I'm gonna allow
myself to do that because you're 12
collabs done almost killed your girl so
how do you a little bit of a deed
internet for some days but for some days
if I'm like yeah really one of Love's
happy I will but if I miss it you know
what it was main channel uploads I am
gonna upload like a bloopers video a
year in video but then there might be
like on New Year's Day a might not post
a main channel but you know just then
2018 we gonna hit it weighs 20 G right
we got hit hard but just saying I like
but I rather a lot not that you sound
like that but I'm just saying teach back
I don't know where this champagne in my
room came from I'm not mad that is here
I got it forgot about this
I on my head to bed right now because we
had a very tiring day a very long travel
for something it needs to be a lot we
got water supplies my parents are so
surprised let's see how we did
so I'll talk with Lily you know the
drill I'm not gonna start my toilet here
because close to my parents room and I
try to wake them up with my back that is
how I said I thought you were joining me
on my journey today I'm so excited to be
home family blogs are you ready it's
about to be a time and then like I said
I have a few days here and then I'm
going back to LA with my friends it's
just so exciting to me tomorrow I am
going to the game
the Raptors game which is exciting so
stay true to my socials if you want to
see that in case I don't love you guys
yeah if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you'd like that
he has also know me so well because when
I like I'm so tired like there's an end
the vlog I try my best to make okay why
eyes open it's my but then in the
comments you always like okay she
delusional something in my brain like oh
I'm totally seeing like I'm with her but
I'm clearly just so tired right now so
give me a pass
