I woke up with my eyes swollen yes so I
remember I keep telling you top of my
eyelid gets dry periodically yesterday
even so I cuz like I getting swollen if
you look I know if you could see but
like my left eye swollen and it's so dry
on top and like I don't have free health
care like in Canada I don't know what to
do I need to fly back to Canada to get
this checked up moving go just go down a
little bit and I can continue to ignore
and be in a responsible adult
I haven't what to do well I just brought
him back to do a couple quick I am
headed to get my Invisalign which I'm
very excited about because we're start
my 10-month journey for straight teeth
so that you know honestly the only
reason I want straight teeth a lot like
I'm Adam I broke up to you they're very
crooked you were should embrace yourself
I just wanna get a mother effing girl I
swear I swear has to only read I just
want to get a mother effing girl alright
let's do this
I'm running a little late to attack
myself to go out at egg white omelet and
to vegan breakfast sausage patty
thingamabob errs and his popsicles on my
shirt
and little boy blue but these are my
teeth right now well I'll just show
something even better
oh my god okay I want to show me
something better show me something
better so this is your teeth right now
okay and the word supposed to have 40
actually 41 active trace okay and this
is hot and every trace gonna move your
teeth oh my god who things are not gonna
show up on your teeth oh my gosh oh we
all might see there good of a guy cuz
I'm Birds
oh I feel like my jaw moved out so by
the time
didn't like your teeth did move and like
look at like the lower huh let's go
wrong before I have that every single
one of your teeth is growing in one
direction like you are in the windows
yeah
and then this is the end oh my god like
that good I know people if you like a
trash can I have a mine you can't even
tell it's gonna take like one or two
days to get used to I think well yeah if
it doesn't hurt off this week she's cool
you don't have a bad accent though
usually people get that oh really
no I think I sound right this yeah no
we're gonna get back this is Cathy Hey
is it ring my teeth wonderful and
straight your teeth are almost already
wonderful do the honors yeah like yes oh
my god I love this listen psycho me
right now yeah we got a business card
yeah business card chops to chop you
know how I love Chester okay so can get
a world a workout tank you know cuz I
work out all the time
oh yeah and I'm gonna get an awesome
just had chill sure this is yeah just
smile oh that's so mean that's so me
that's a thank you and another I got
another chapstick they made mistake yeah
this one oh okay
embrace yourself ha you see what they
did there you see crazy embrace I'm so
excited
so the give me this thing that I promise
like I better speaking with the dimmest
thing that's was to Expedia the whole
process and it vibrates in your mouth
for 20 minutes so I'm gonna have a
vibrator in my mouth 20 minutes she call
it's a blog the time there was a
vibrator in my mouth and really it would
be accurate there's nothing wrong with
that because that's what this is
so let's do this gonna be wearing I
think but also awesome also awesome
over where
all right we are headed to go look at
this apartment humba is coming because
you know his real estate expertise is
required sanam key so look at some
places all of them were not as there's
my place is my issue like humbles also
like just rent this place for everyone
this place forever
you should all send her $10 dude she
doing shut up no but like no place will
have this much like the fact of the
office is separate and upstairs like
it's so good for me mentally no no other
place I mean wheel is a two places fine
when you look at many mother others but
I don't see any place in of this much
light this is just perfect the grocery
store downstairs for vegetarians and
like thing third thing I'm gonna do
I don't um Duke you have a call right
now or call a little mini meeting I'm
another call and I'm a dinner meeting
that I'm trying to reschedule because
it's got this not want to go to dinner
music ah you got eat with the Invisalign
you take it up so I don't wanna be like
at the da nakka I feel pretty
uncomfortable but I know I'll get used
to it like a day or two but um hums and
I work in here work work work work work
work that's what's up I'm gonna go eat
some food and we're working on some dope
dope stuff so if you didn't know this
I'm gonna tell you right now humble is
coming with me to my YouTube FanFest
excited so soon that's we're working on
a six sec I said 6 X that's cuz I can't
say SEC with is sick but set look at
this thank the setup SATA
I would really trying to make a hype and
everyone gonna play ours so far we're
trying to make it like you know some
hype into frontage make sure you guys
watch it you don't have to be in Mumbai
to watch it you just have to wake up
early in the more you have to wake up
someone cuz it's an Indian time whatever
time here we go youth is alive so you
know you should watch it cuz when do
some different things we're trying to
raise the bar in tanks bra also be
giving away tickets very very soon so
stay tuned to be social them come up
call me
make kale here go to Baker our home time
is 148 worked on our fan Festa I'm
editing a video that I need as I check
all my emails inbox is that zero zero
nil CH nada um I keep paying my busines
like and so I usually I definitely it
used to it like had to take it out every
time we record something but we're gonna
make it happen
that's gone Hamo I'm probably gonna
knock out soon where were you
yes probably like in four minutes might
not go to me get into bed edit this vlog
upload through the description first
vlog make the thumbnail first log and
then Garci oh my room's a little bit of
a disaster yeah that's a very small
disaster actually but I'll do with that
tomorrow so if I have a new good job
would be my place cleaning my room clean
but I might add this head to bed
tomorrow
I've got touched my two meetings and I'm
also doing my overnight test drive for
the Tesla so I'll have it overnight if I
got to drive around with it for a bit um
I can find like show you the inside of a
blah because I wasn't allowed to do that
during the test drive with actual people
so I'm excited about that
um I'm gonna go to bed and rest my mouth
because right now I'm speaking and I'm
trying very hard to enunciate
so my tongue broken yeah thank you for
joining me on another day and hope you
had a great day I have also decided
tomorrow we're try to make a video in
advance as well of Thursday so okay let
me ask you try to talk I also decided
tomorrow when I make a video in advance
letters day it's pretty good I'm getting
there ah let's see if we can do it if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
this well-deserved moment when God over
12 hours of shooting it's okay just that
I can't speak I'm sometimes I have an
ayah it was um like oh my god
