the return Abita okay pimples on lips
most painful thing just to develop that
or nowhere yesterday and have all day
shoot tomorrow which have to look
fabulous for and this used to disappear
by that i apologize i don't apologize as
i can't do anything it's on my face but
it's disgusting I know and I'm sorry you
have to look at it and I'm also not
sorry because like I accept all the
things about me even this break an egg
good morning it is Sunday I just
released a vlog and today is going to be
a work day and I'm how many times have
you heard me say this I'm gonna shoot my
super Monday video today cuz tomorrow
have a shoot well see if that happens
we'll see let's talk about something
real quick maybe if I open my hair I'll
distract from the pimple yeah alright so
I knew I was going to talk about this as
soon as it came out in and came Oh Susie
just released his video on his channel
CLAB we did it is very frisky like I
mentioned to you and I knew when it came
out there would be a lot of mixed
reviews and I want to talk water for a
second not because I feel I have to
justify myself which is because I think
it's an important thought process and
message that I have to communicate that
I would like to share with you my hair
is not letting me think that lasted four
seconds you know if you haven't seen the
video it is on Susie's channel is called
friends with no benefits or yeah friends
with no benefit that's what's called and
basically the premise of the videos that
Susie and I are just friends but we're
clearly doing a lot of like really sexy
things they're looking batches like oh
if you guys made out in the video that
no one would ship you guys it's
basically a play on how everyone ships
youtubers together basically is what it
is and you know when Susie sent me the
script he's having like a very
professional script I was like all down
damn my own fun
he's done me this thing and I read it so
I was worried the screw froze like okay
that's a little first skate I was like
me and then I literally have to read the
script and before apply to him cuz he
was like hey are you okay with this
because he very openly was like there
was one part where I wanted to touch
lips are you okay with that he asked me
and gave me you know full ability to say
yes or no and before responding Tim I
literally sat down ahead topping myself
and I was like because I'm not gonna lie
my initial reaction was like I don't
know about the
this is this is kind of I don't know if
I should do this and then I ask myself
why and I had a whole conversation with
myself because I was like are you
feeling some type of way because you're
scared what people are gonna say about
this video then the most important thing
I asked myself was if you were a guy
would you be feeling this type of way
and genuinely in my heart my answer was
no I was like wait no if you're a guy
I'd be totally fine I caught myself
literally being sexist towards myself
and I was like what F it well how is
this different from me getting a role in
a movie where I would have to kiss
tomorrow I would have to act like I'm
dating someone we don't even kiss and
Suzi's think our lips touch and it cuts
right there but the point is I was like
why is any different why are you being
so like oh but you're a girl people are
gonna call you a and stuff I'm like
you're so angry slut-shaming like
practice what you preach
so respond to me like yeah I will do
this and I told him right then and there
I'm like I'm doing this because I'm very
anti slut-shaming and I want to lead by
example and I don't want to like coward
away just because I think people are
gonna be like you're so boom won't touch
a stone so because let's be real if
anyone's in a comment on anything
unfortunately in today's society it's
gonna be against me
not against woozi because he's a dude
and it's okay if he does that stuff so I
just wanted to put that out there if you
watch the didn't like whoa I've never
seen Lilly do stuff like this or like I
didn't wasn't comfortable with I would
have just know that you know it was
stepping out of my comfort zone a little
bit but still I was still comfortable
enough I wasn't like very uncomfortable
like sexually be like oh I'm getting
taken advantage of know I was view very
comfortable Suzy's my friend we did it
but I did it with the purpose of being
like yo Epps sexism funny skin my friend
bro i frickin supporters creative vision
I'm okay with this I don't give an F if
people do start slut-shaming
I'm understand against that so for those
of you that because there's a lot of
team super people that hated it were
like oh my god
that was the purpose which which with
which I did it and I do standby and I
feel very very strongly about it that
you know gender equality bra so that's
what you sense about that sorry for
ranting you know how I can get
passionate about things and talk talk
and talk for a long time but that was
the inside of my brain when it happened
and for those of you that did like it
and we're supportive thank you so much
and fuse that didn't I wasn't your cup
of tea that's totally cool too you don't
gotta like everything I mean it's cool
it's cool
and we're all mature adults about it
that's what's up there's only one have
like a porch think about taking a midday
nap
I did some work and I have oh oh I
forgot I have a call at 6:00 it's like
what time is it 1:30 easy okay let me
tell ya Nath grote 20 minutes the
reasons to me 20 mins I'm actually gonna
order a chipotle salad so that's a good
thing but small is you can really modify
it to make it not horrible so like no
cheese no sour cream that way she's like
a salad lettuce improve teen oh yeah
letsa madhu I felt it was really
important tell you that cuz I thought my
salad ordering was really gonna impact
your day so you can hit the thumbs up
now sign is beaming in to lilypad right
now it woke me up away I slept like an
hour and now it's time for some work and
yogurt and well Matt Woodall peeps world
peace Jesse I love though he says that
um Jesus as a good dude they tried to
school matter once didn't go well um I
got to tell you about chases dad's
competition he doesn't rear it's called
Bollywood dance Canada obviously no
chase my boy he was also the
choreographer for my entire tour and
choreographed a lot of stuff that you
ever see me do that's Dan's weighted
there's a competition called Bollywood
dance Canada
mmm-hmm with 10 teams Bollywood teens if
you like Bollywood it's happening in
Brampton someone near Toronto Canada
it's a Canadian thing it's on March 12th
in Brampton rose the you're up with the
website in the description if you want
to check that out if you like Bollywood
dancing or all that stuff
should definitely go sport chase and
check that out there's also an
after-party
so dude damn bang yes okay Lucas price
is my god oh my god oh my god okay he's
not even here I'm talking like I said oh
my god
get some work done it is if 9i cellphone
recorded ready for tomorrow but I got my
calendar all did up dead up and I'm
trying to plan all my videos so that
when I go to India in eight days it took
me that long that I have some videos
planned out so I'm not gonna be
struggling to do videos there so that's
what I'm doing right now and that I am
still gonna try to a virtually I have
every intention to do so I swear okay
the time is 9:30 and I am deciding I'm
going to do a literally people have no
question was for months not months a
full month
my parents reacting to pillow talk by
saying it was like been the most
requested parents react video in a while
so I'm gonna do it I just 9 thing no
part of you wants to do it and I say
that because I have a very hard time
doing things it's are not last-minute
like I awkward very like crunch time you
know under pressure
so consider gets Sunday I feel my
pressure but I know I have a shoot
tomorrow and humble sign tomorrow I'm
gonna regret it and so Miss go say it's
9:30 just friggin do a Lily finished by
11:00
sorry finished back 11:30 ish edited
have it done go to the gym come back and
then prep for tomorrow shoot that's what
I want to do like I just good week this
is the toughest thing for me because I
don't want to I want to I can't do it
tomorrow I'm good do it we're gonna do
it we're gonna do it this might be the
first time in the history of life or
making a video events out so when that
blog that got corrupted I will show you
my new setup which is this it is a light
here on the side I lied over here on the
side a ring light and a stand to hold my
extended bike now so like stepping on up
production trying I don't know kind of I
don't know drying on uh you here's a big
day up quick tidbit of information I
don't think I've ever told you so when I
do my parents react I use like I watch
the V of U times but then I improv a lot
of it i improving as the parent
characters from I do enjoy because I
just get to like become them and see
what they would say but I will say hold
on and lights but I will say whenever I
do parents react if you've noticed
usually Manjeet will comment a more than
bottom teeth and the reason for that as
a stupid reason but this shawl I wear
over my head every time I look back and
forth it falls off every time so it
annoys me and even if I clip but it's
still like poles and stuff and it's such
a weird specific thing but going like
this with the shawl keeps making it come
off and that's why I get when G to do
most of the reactions um yeah googly-eye
when G sing hello thank you
but the reacting now my brother my
brothers in also I live another reason
these react videos are hard this is
weird I don't talk in Ally's voice but
my camera autofocus is so the reason
like I don't go back for the second I
look away that's the camera second I
look away it will focus on the music
video and I look back and I have to fix
it every single time so freaking I don't
know I don't know man let's do it
I'm saving the video I'm so proud of
myself I'm so proud of myself I did this
I'm gonna thank myself so much come on
be like yo figured me I would come home
after a long shoot humble is gonna be
here and play some monopoly like each
I'm gonna be freaking loving myself I'm
so got a job at Dhoni oh good job all
right I washed my hair I shave urging
shave all the legs all the way up to the
thighs just in case cuz you know I go to
shoots in was like friggin shave so I
shaved and now everything are soft and
smooth right now I'm gonna head to bed
just to I have to wake up at 8:30 so I'm
gonna head to bed at this bother go to
sleep and tomorrow we're to shoot all
day so for the shoot tomorrow I mean
you'll find out what it's for very soon
I don't know how much I'll be able to
actually vlog there of course I'll vlog
and just be like you know I'm here doing
this I might not be able to say what I'm
actually shooting but um does this
happen tomorrow and humble comes and I'm
so excited for humble to come because
admittedly like today I felt like oh man
I wish I had a friend number six in a
year alone and I wish I'd moved here
I'm really excited form to come mad work
sessions ago on mad knobbly do i matter
everything yeah I'm gonna head to bed
thank you for joining me on another day
I hope you had a great wonderful
stupendous day send you lots of luck and
Lugg love hugs and positive Nastase it
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
don't like that subscribe and it Susie
they're gonna fight over me yet that
mean event right now clumsy won't ever
see anything tonight you're the man
event is right here yeah UFC right now
right now I'd rather go don't talk to my
woman okay well hey
