the race against time I look at and jump
on a conference call right right now and
I can't finish my steering I don't have
enough time then right after that is
what my acting coach why why just wake
up 2 minutes early early declare first
open just finished my call literally so
tired like so tired right now
but I need to poop do my makeup practice
my lines and go see his acting coach my
poor food today is definitely a hard day
I'm very rushed I'm very nervous I
haven't had time talked to myself I'm
like one minute away from being late to
this thing that I only have 30 minutes
to learn from and I'm just a little bit
stressed right now but we're gonna make
it happen right Bob Bob Bob Bob
no sorry if it's loud there's a lot of
construction and traffic and stuff so I
learned so much just now in that 30
minutes and I'm so straight it was
really overwhelming I was super nervous
and everything I thought I knew but what
I was doing is like wrong and like it
makes sense I think she said she's such
a good teacher but it kind of stressed
because I'm like Frigg like I'm not
doing this right like the first sheet
shows that is not like you don't have to
memorize these things I was like I spent
hours memorizing scripts and no one's
ever told me that I should so honest and
really appreciate it but it's like
really stressed me because now I'm just
like
I can't do this audition later like I
don't know how to do it right
cheat day I'm annoyed some carbs god
help me I'm so frustrated right now
because I'm trying my best to take in
all the notes I have my audition in like
an hour to an hour and a half and I know
it and I swear to god I'm not making
excuses like I've been reciting it over
and over and over and over again and I'm
trying to take and I'm basic
I can't unteach myself everything I've
done based on the amazing advice I got
today so I'm trying to mix I'm trying to
add the techniques she showed me with
what I'm saying and doing and already
practiced but the situation is that I
swear there's not an excuse I'm not
wearing my Invisalign right now but I
have the bumps that are all my teeth and
certain words like once every once in
while there's a word that is affected by
that and I say it strangely and then it
F's me up for the rest of the line and I
key it's exact same words every time and
I face not just special attention see
see I pay special attention but I can't
ignite I haven't had enough practice
with these to say the words I try to try
to show you what it is it's like I know
you can see it it's the same color of my
tooth this bump here there's two here
there's two here and there's one there
and they're very slight but they rub
against the inside of my cheek so when I
say certain words it feels strange and I
slurred and I'm like it's so frustrating
because you effing up at the exact same
parts because I know that word is coming
and I'm trying so hard to say it but I
can't say the frickin word positive
thinking Lily positive thinking it's
fine not the make or break it's just
that I really like this part and I
really it's like out of my control
situations I'm trying to work with those
in my control but it's such a freaking
it's mostly this top one it's just like
when you totally effing suck in an
audition like I just did right now I'm
not having a good day I'm not able to I
honestly I left so early and there was
so much traffic on through the studio
that made me late and that I got to
studio and again they held me up at the
gate then I got to the gate and there
was some police barricade that would not
allow me to the building made me late
and I wasn't in a big deal because like
the casting director didn't care but I'm
just saying those things initially
stressed me so I go into the room
stressed that's what I need to get
better at dealing with those situations
and being like it's okay you still need
to perform and usually I'm good at them
today I was not and I sucked
I'm pretty sure sucked and I effed up my
lines I can't frickin speak I literally
like what I want to do right now is be
in a room alone and cry that's what I
wanted to right now I
we're gonna want to take a moment here
we're gonna bring it back I have to go
to the space right now to shoot I just
need people to help me out today I
cannot I'm sorry for my earlier break I
just honestly I just a down side of the
road I just don't know if I can do this
anymore because ah don't be a woman
don't get all teary a true mother from
reasons of ever I'm distressed because
if you have a big audition like usually
people do pilot season it's like oh let
me prep for this audition like I am
assuming people get to prep all day for
auditions and do super then I wake up oh
yeah but hour and a half cause I got
this - that is that - then I'm trying to
do another shoot it's like my pen can't
handle that I can't handle that and I
don't think I can do that split life
like on the same day because it's just I
can't I can't go from calls and things
and being treated a certain way and
getting to these gates and people
ignoring me and just ah I can't do it I
can't do it
I want to hug my mommy strangest thing
literally just about to bawl my eyes out
and this usually doesn't happen in a way
and right as I'm about to have a mental
break toaster crying a car full of fan
stops in front of me and comes out and
that's like a message from God legit
message from God right at that moment
they pulled up in front of me they're
like superwoman let's take pictures we
love your videos and I was like this
never happens here in this area so
we're gonna we're gonna be okay I just
you know it's okay I just I still want
to just go home and cry I just need to
cry and get it on my system and that's
okay sometimes I just need to do that
and then after that I'm going to carry
on like a boss the rest of my day and
kitchen you're being productive all
right I cried it out talked to myself
it's time to be a boss we got a shoot to
do that's the goal going to the YouTube
space with make bunny freakin video
that's what's going on gosh you can do
it that's what's going on we're gonna
get it done you know what
cuz we do the boss we the boss boss that
can't even say boss so taking this level
he's a boss and we're gonna make you a
positive being a boss and being positive
doesn't mean you're always like that I
mean you can overcome times you're not
like that so let's do it
no look we're we're about to shoot how
this beautiful restaurant setting right
here at a whole production we might have
a dope shoe positively prevails
doesn't matter which auditions suck
there's a matter happened before because
we're gonna kill it
got my director here trying to lose a
tripod you know we're in this together
we're gonna make it happen um
yay as a wrap boys return all the rhythm
Jerry and M not vegans are y'all crazy
okay you see this is chocolate milk
yeah I blessed Friday Fridays where we
eat eggs and the yellow part is there
field is there i got hash brown eggs
fruit i got but partner hooker
okay I have a confession up until right
now I didn't know how to use any of the
features on snapchat like any of the
filters in the rainbow thing and that's
why I never did it and the Face Swap I
had no idea I said to Google and learn
and now I'm addicted also I'm going to
give away the tickets for whitey F F
which I'm very excited about and it's
gonna be very intense to give away so in
honor of that I'm gonna do this
all right so spent about an hour and I'm
still giving away tickets I take a
really long time to do this
the thing is I'm not trying to like Pat
my own shoulder here but I'm going to
tie this because I am proud about this
night really value this anytime have a
contest like giving away tickets to
these fan fests and stuff we have a
Google link we can send it be like hey
so much just up there and like they'll
randomly pick people but I like to pick
the people and I'll tell you why because
I I don't know you could view this in
multiple ways but when I you know tell
people to tweet and check the hashtag I
actually make sure that the people that
pick are legitimate fans that's not for
any reason like my oh I want to make
sure you like me because I want to thank
the people who do support me and so when
people tweet me I will literally click
on their profile stalk them and make
sure they've supported me because I want
to make sure I get back to the people
who have supported me um because you
know the deserve and I want to say thank
you so if you ever want tickets for me
know that I stalked your profile and I
thought that you supported me and that's
why I gave them June it takes really
long to do but I'm gonna do it come on
it is several hours leisure and I've
given away 25 so of 10 more pairs it
look every hour spent like three hours I
think thank you I was a lot of go back
music oh la la la la la yo what's up the
time is 4:00 I'm gonna wash my face edit
this vlog and then go to sleep today was
an emotional rollercoaster of a day and
I think you know since I moved here I
haven't had a day where I was like brick
what am i doing I just kind of landed in
LA in December and just been working
non-stop and today was the first time I
was like I don't know what it was I
think it's a combination of like having
a really frustrating day and being a bit
overwhelmed I just today was a day full
of like anxiety and like things going
wrong left friends and I wasn't able to
be positive like I usually am and then I
just like spiraled out of control and I
was like oh my god what am I even doing
here like I'm in such uncomfortable
situations all the time I'm almost
stepping on my comfort zone but today it
was just a little bit too much and I was
like what am I doing here like want to
be with my friends and family in Toronto
when I miss my family and I don't want
to be in these situations anymore it
just kind of broke down but pick myself
back up it's cool to fall down you got
to pick yourself back up it's cool um
and it's good to have those moments that
make you human so that's up tomorrow is
Saturday I am checking out two more
apartments tomorrow even though I
officially gave the green light to renew
my lease here so I'll be here for still
a very long time my lease expires in May
and I'm renewing it again for another
six months I'll be still here for a
while I know you all love this apartment
and so do I trust me for all you're
wondering you can't buy this apartment
you can only rent it it's you're not
allowed to buy it so it's important to
me to buy something soon or you know I
don't want to rent my whole life so
that's where I'm at
so tomorrow morning sure got two places
then it's kind of like a chill day and I
might shoot another video tomorrow
because I'm Bank in those videos but
thank you for joining me another day and
being my friend through this emotional
rollercoaster that today and I really do
feel like there's someone on the other
side of the screen I know you're there
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I don't make this up whatever
way videos my mom just told me my teeth
are crooked because I fight Oh sir
literally as I just said literally
that's what you said right this is the
science crazy crazy
