so I kind of figured something up today
so it took three hours to do but I don't
know how to draw depth of the stage so I
just made a 3d model - so this is the
screen okay this light is me so what I
want on this side that's my very rough
amateur vision of how uniform Adams
gonna look I'm extremely happy with who
is producing my tour I feel like you
know why let me tell you it's cuz I am
really really a difficult client in the
sense that like I'm like hey why don't
we do this
I mean like lollipop unicorn onesies in
a box that I'm Matt comes in they'll
probably fit masuka's or will they
survive whether you can mix it like a DJ
I don't know how possible in bed I've
done so many amazing gifts people I meet
a lot of really sentimental stuff with
myself my grandfather
I got a locket with my picture in my
grandmother's picture I got a lot of
winning portraits we recently got a
really super cool gift it was a glass
case and has figurines of all the
dancers in it
listen to Drake in ucroe one of the
hardest parts of this tour is going on
that stage for two hours taking people
to your happy place when that do you do
not feel happy and I've done the show
25 times 26 times including today and
all 26 times have I been happy no I
think that it isn't expressed with each
other heartbroken some days I've gone on
the stage and preached will be happy and
I think the first time then talking to
myself this tour is exactly why I
started making videos it's helping other
people but also helping myself
