mmm that vegan sausage Delpy good
morning I'm making my egg white Alma and
beans vegan sausage
I also woke up forgetting I was wearing
the misaligns I was great about look oh
yeah so definitely getting used to it I
have two meetings today and the test
drive for my Tesla and work work work
work work work work
sit me don't make mama now
hey it's gonna be a great day it's gonna
be a great day
the sun is shining we got some work to
do got a friend here
got them vegan sausages what more could
a girl want you know who who do you love
TV lab everybody team super loves
everybody get up t-shirt reference the
struggle with a side dose with a
struggle aside a struggle with that with
that main course that just up into
struggle okay yo one meeting down such a
great meeting such a great person I love
meeting fabulous people now I'm just
grabbing a quick salad in my laptop and
I'm heading to swipes office because
that's the second meeting is happening
and then I'm number two meetings yay for
productive days how I feel right now yo
I'm so damn weird elaborate when it's
3:00 a.m. and you're done your meetings
for the day that's a beautiful beautiful
feeling I'm gonna head back right now
maybe some yogurt which I'm very excited
about my yogurts a wall now you dope it
while you were so warm I feel like this
that's how I feel for your what move in
about three hours I am going to go pick
up the Tesla for the overnight
test-drive
Oh keep carrying on this big duffel bag
that one's looking fun of me I don't
know what
yes I'm blogging it's time for this is
gonna be my reward say it for for 20
minutes and vibrates doesn't look like
it on camera where's basically vibrating
my mouth and like listen oh yeah yeah
wash the dishes clean my room and eat
some yogurt I'm on a roll awesome humble
and I turned the desk around so we could
both work this is the situation right
now
he's blind out right now you're not
feeling too good
while Bom Bom so this is going on I just
thanks to my mom interface to my mom
almost like every day which is great
because I feel like our relationship has
improved so much not that we had a bad
relationship before was just like you
know sometimes moving out becoming an
adult does good things for relationships
go throw that out there well yeah we
FaceTime with my nephew's right now um
yeah - what's going on computers but
really Holly all right spheres was going
through my head right what's going
through my head is that I have to poop
but then I also want to kind of take a
nap but I'm thinking I should get at
first and not poop because then my urge
to poop will strengthen and that and
that will make sure I get up out of my
nap
I thought was really important that I
include you in that whole process so I'm
not taking that shake nap on the couch
where it's sunny but my bed is so
comfortable now I want to poop as close
to the washroom me okay at the bed the
bed welcome to my brain my plan worked
flawlessly bloodlessly or what to leave
to go grab ourselves the Tesla let's do
it
awfully notice that there were Tesla
7,000 times its blog and I apologize has
left
all these options of a black black or
black black black what kind of black Pro
black matte black what kind of black do
on colors instances the red one one all
to do to be clear I'm not buying a Tesla
I'm taking it overnight for test drive
but this is what it looks like inside
see what I'm you know there's nothing
here there's no like that's a change I'm
just like where's the thing it's
different this is pretty yeah that's
like an iPhone 8:30 so we are in the
YouTube space but no reason most because
we weren't drive and we're gonna get an
hour taken enclosed like two hours but
actually less than two hours an hour
half full we're gonna go away for an
hour get driving check on set I want to
work on there and that's what's up ye
test the self drive it was scary and
awesome will vlog it right now when the
car stops by yourself it's gonna be a
film a short horror film directed by
home of the whole yes okay we are now on
the highway in the new Lilly mobile it's
not mine
test-driving t what test driving the
Lilly mobile a potential Lilly mobile
and in this one the feature called it's
called
autopilot which you're about to
experiment with right now in which Lily
is gonna set the autopilot and let go of
the steering wheel and the bricks and
the bricks yes
all right are you ready you might want
to flip the screens we do now all right
so right now I'm controlling driving
right I just turned it on when I go and
it will navigate lanes and cars of this
car will brake and it will do all that
stuff we were driving on the highway
she is not touching the steering wheel
and lanes about it's about to curve
right now so we're about to turn let's
see we can make this turn without let's
do all by God we're turning we're
turning and she's not touching it I do
exacting we're not touching anything no
say to relieve nothing so the car reads
the fact that has little lanes it's
really terrifying but really cool to see
back there supercool gets close to a car
it will break yes so let's say we're
gonna punch your car right now it's
coming up talk to see what the lens
and just for the record there's not a
self-driving car and general auto pilots
on the highway so do not try this at
home like exactly like you don't work on
roads as well but it won't stop a red
lights always upper car so you stuff to
be very aware what's happening yes so
it's really designed for highways or as
they say in America freeways but so
what's up salsa and closes it cut oh
we're turning good slow down it's low
dose cuz you know how you do anything
the little wheel 60 wide is slowing down
the speed of the car going 60 look look
a little bit of traffic up there mother
hit the the world famous la jolla what
was a minute sound this is what a humble
opponents of production yes in search of
the lily mobile yo just check out some
sets that I'm gonna be shooting here on
Friday she's got a really dope
restaurants that I want to use this game
to check that out mostly drives mostly
to drive but I told them I came to check
out sets and I like mister I also look
at how cold it is here but it is very
cold very very cold I'm just uploading
something real quick and then we're
gonna head home we've never you've been
here for like 15 minutes let's go
she drives a giant jet
that's also me that's that's me yeah
alrighty so I feel like I kind of
decided in my brain that I'm gonna get
the Tesla but then humbles like did you
try anything else and I was like no
that's true also we humble like did cool
it's cool it's very like made people
have meet like me that can't parallel
park and like can't function and like
are generally bad those things so I
really do like it and I was like the
decision like colors and all that stuff
people getting black you know blacks
most commonly you know bought one but I
feel like when I look like a black black
with like titanium rims I mean like a
Batmobile type thing I don't know I'm
still deciding
shut up Willy right now we're gonna do
some work let's do some work it is 9:47
p.m. we about to strap it was threatenin
stripped oh he strapped in he's
strapping like this he's like I strapped
in for all beast mode you the backseat
driver like this usually not a strapping
oh if you go outside a serious burger
shopping from here but you didn't do
aggressively that's not peace most
rapping that's like strapping in for
like you let's go let's strive to go of
a picnic on a hill that's about okay oh
do you rollercoaster Boosh helmet knees
dripping all right the time is 152 a.m.
and my brain is kind of not working
anymore I'm not I haven't done work to
bust 22 minutes so I'm going to call a
night I got a lot of work done today
look at my done list it looks net as up
induced and turned but at this blog and
then would go to sleep tomorrow I got a
meeting
hanging out with a friend that's video
day I wrote a little bit of our video
which I'm very proud of because again I
usually never do in advance
I wrote a bit of it I'm going brain kind
not funny right now so I'm gonna start
on that again tomorrow
how's my move mm-hmm okay a lot of work
done yes all the work that I first did I
scrapped
you're working got some progress see we
have chat to board over going to redo
every chat aboard and then that leads us
to either doing new work or old work or
feeling like the work that we did
doesn't count or eating snacks I'm
thinking of a lot of great video ideas
that require kind of like more than just
me like a little bit of a team and I'm
going to shoot a few of those videos but
before I leap to India which I'm excited
about because I have so many of those
ideas and I find that it's harder harder
for me to think of ideas to rant about
because every time I think of an idea
below I can do this and I knew this and
they get really really ambitious and
those are hard to execute on like one in
one day or so but they have one for
tomorrow my writing was getting a little
bit flogged just now so I was like I
need to prove is this game tomorrow but
I was quite on I'm gonna head to bed
thank you for joining me today
it's exciting day where I think I
decided which karma get which is like a
really adult thing I have never bought
in a car or at least a car in my entire
life so that's him and I'm so glad you
get to join me on this exciting
terrifying adult journey
um yeah I'm had to bet hope you had a
great phenomenal day and I mean that
what you're saying I mean I hope you had
a great day the comments below let me
know how everyday cuz blue don't know I
do in my comments yeah I might not
respond to all them black I read through
the comments so let me know idea was let
me know how you're feeling
I didn't like it subscribe if you liked
it subscribe every single one of your
teeth is growing in one direction yeah
if you're in the windows yeah and then
this is the end oh my god like that good
eye
no default if you like your charge card
