we're working on something secret and
it's so cool look at all the things
happening look at all the things
happening it is so cold outside is like
winter but we're gonna make this happen
gonna make it happen they're waiting for
me to do my hair makeup so I'm gonna
shut that up and go do that yo look at
me look all fancy pants uh stuff so
we're at the Smashbox Studios I'm doing
shoot with Davis after and I'm very
excited but if I can't tell you what
it's for but that's what's up I'm gonna
be Fantine activate oh my god guess
who's back did you get introduced to
team simple
today introduced not a team super notice
another too bad notice already I'm
matter that I'm gonna win a shorty award
for best bra yes please everybody vote
at hay nada for shorty award best prop
2016 means Tim here's what you guys
really want to see we know it I'm having
a very fancy secret shoot day
Your Honor this is reverse
sorry
so it just wrapped with part one of the
day I'm going to show you a tiny sneak
peek okay so he rocked with part one now
we're really moving on to part two good
thing in a vlog this is all you guys
would see all day all right photoshoot
done
now we're gonna have some lunch then we
got the video shoot but from the 401 6o
ways you know what's up I look just like
a bum okay this way I feel comfortable
at him so stop him lag out the shots
getting set up look at this light right
here besides that light going all this
fancy stuff is happening goddamn goddamn
I feel mad special right now but eat all
the popcorn I always go any time I'm in
the street where I always add ahsoka
every single time that's the rule
Sanna Gomez machel montano those are the
things the street wear
it is literally been 12 hours on set but
what's our last shot now and I'm so
happy I did my video yesterday I love
myself
good job Minich this well-deserved
moment when over 12 hours of shooting
it's okay that I can't speak I'm so
humans I have an ayah and there's oh
look who's here
yeah I was telling them a last like four
logs how much I missed I've been reading
it on Twitter oh yeah seem like that
yeah play that now these vlogs will be
interesting and I think you're excited
you'll find get some work done they let
me keep these shoes and they match my
pants come on boy come on item home
after 13 hours of shooting and watching
myself a black bean burger and some
asparagus and once again I don't care if
I have to say a thousand more times I'm
so happy I made a video yesterday
literally this changed my life I can't
even imagine making a video right now
just collapse and cry that's what's
happening the time is 10:40 what do this
in chill fo cuz the Sun this was
business so since a new album every time
I take a shower now my shower speaker
and myself from here again because
there's so much hairspray in it I'm so
excited until the day comes where I can
tell you what the project was I know
it's kind of crappy because you don't
really know what I was shooting for but
I'm really excited about it and I feel
like you will be excited about it as
well so soon hopefully button mean done
with oscillate on my lips just forget
about it what you talk about wish you
never happen today talking about huh
door whined
I've actually had to bed soon oh if I
check some emails because as you can
imagine I'm very tired and I mentioned
that I did my video shrieks oh oh that's
right I did
and that's Rama do Hummel self doing his
work outside stay what's up to whom
Laila poet life is worth living
do you thing we need to get to the fan
in your room because I'm sure you'll
melt humble nothing I have nothing to
say and you you you okay I'm about to go
to sleep I was in the thing is and I'm
really tired meet humble just talk about
some work stuff but we're gonna do a
whole bunch of more work tomorrow we
both had a really long day he flew in
and so yeah I'm sorry have a friend here
I'm so happy I have a friend here now
I'm tomorrow I'm getting Invisalign I'm
very excited about as I've an interview
I'm also going to check out apartments I
know I know I know I'm not moving
anytime soon
but I need to start the search to buy an
apartment soon because right now I'm
renting so I'm just gonna check in some
places I know I'm not gonna like vibe
with leases but I thought I can just
start the search just I can see like
what I'm looking for what I'm not
looking for what's out there so that's
happening tomorrow and yeah it's work
thank you for joining me on this day
that was secretive I appreciate your
patience sending you lots of hugs and
kisses I hope you had a great day if you
liked it subscribe if you really hit
subscribe when do you think hello thank
you
but the reacting now my brother they
brothers in also I live another reason
these react videos are hard this is
weird I don't talking in the least voice
but my camera autofocus is so the reason
like I don't go back over the second I
look away that's the cameras that guy
look away it won't focus on the music
video
