I put effort into myself today good
morning look at me I curled my hair I'm
wearing clothes that's my bra and stuff
on the floor I'm going to head to
Susie's house to shoot a collab which
I'm very excited about cuz it's maybe
the first club we've ever shot for his
channel and he's come up with a great
frisky skipped for us to shoot so I
decide to look good for it
so I curled my hair put some effort you
know no I take that back not look good
for it but you know look different give
myself a different looks wiper curls you
have to love ourselves and me look we
look good even if her hair is not curled
so that's what we're doing that's we're
heading am i grab a breakfast burrito on
the way but I can also burn my neck
again so not have a burn here and a burn
here I'm pleased with vampire oh okay my
curls are pretty much fallen out now so
there's no plane or anything every time
I come to this place I'm like I love
this place I want to live here it's just
I love my place too to get me wrong but
it's too look it's like very bright an
area now I'm like debating because I
eventually have to move personally
renting that place and I saw useless
place and Souza space I'm like do I want
to move like kind of downtown --is-- not
downtown downtown but maybe somewhere
close like I love these places and I
love Suzy's department it makes me very
happy this is a happy place for me I
just come to your house more often no
he's got his love pad over here I think
Suze this is decors so like control
freak as well look at these games um
he's hiding something and uploading
something so I'm just chilling and
waiting and Susie when is this club
coming out next Sunday
hey yes I want an exact date that day
what's this Suzy and this act it would
be the six the six I don't think they're
ready for this I mean why are you
teasing them with this this is I can't
like it is little frisky what is this
it's a bird it's a brooch eating on it's
a bird and I've hurt myself again what
Curtin where I guess and I went up to I
burned myself too if you see anything on
my neck
I burned my guys no he's just you know
for sky I was I took a while to say the
word because I was filtering through
words I actually want to use that I
wanna be mean but he's a little bit of
HO bag so use some cover you guys called
him Yusuf wow we were just talking about
use of I swear I'm nothing but other
guys come on what did you just ask me we
just asked I said how do you plan on
doing this Mario Kart thing because
she's doing a lot of this and not a lot
of this you didn't bring it up so when I
moved from Toronto the number one thing
on my packing list was my version of
Mario kindness because this
mother-effing is all like doesn't matter
which is this is the one I know the way
number one ring I bought it Robin I
brought it from Toronto number one thing
in my packing list from Toronto was this
game you're going to shop for this
moment where you get whooped today your
idiot whoops oh buer you know already
know what's gonna happen you ready no
you already know look who's here hey
he's a funny boy it's like cool
contraption this is all right Wow
feels like a music video you know - yeah
yeah you know why today there's a what
is it summer sixteen-thirds number four
number six number
Drizzy at TDOT but is that uh what who
so he's almost done shooting this
clapping a little bit of light left and
we're gonna watch the Oscars together
because Susie has a TV with cable so
that's what's happening and I'm gonna
walk them in Mario Kart that but more
importantly right now to the massage
scenes when you guys see this in the
video that's what's about to go down as
the massage teen I think we should shoot
this one a few times just get this over
and over angles until the Sun just drop
this is yeah every different angles
different shots you know you mean but
this is what's going on we put in tens
right so tense right I know right you
watching the Oscars at the same time
batches making art yes Instagram videos
dropping come on right now on Facebook
face times here I'll edit angle on the
same thing yeah what's up world another
day another channel to challenge its
what's today
another day another disaster that's
right thank you
it usually says the day that it is a day
all come up nigga what day is it
oh no Tuesday all right it's Tuesday
Monday Sunday
oh my gosh just let me move this the
whole week I know right goddamn we're
literally all sitting here just waiting
to see if we always don't want to watch
this anymore yeah I want to watch this
anymore playing game literally I see
WLAN and then we're gonna play Mario
Kart and I just don't care about
anything else we have in the comment
Jennifer Lawrence it's mom she women
whatever she won in my heart your
comments leave your bench who's gonna
win more and before you do that know
that we're starting with my versions of
the matter so with that knowledge the
man smoothie she's never even played
each other I'm great I'm great
DeStorm admitted he sucks oh he's never
leave this conversation don't open a
store oh it's time for the award we're
gonna see you as and I deserve this
sorry desert road you think this is a
game
before anything course it's reporting ha
let's go Leo really enough of the wins
ah
Oh
I knew he was gonna win that's my dog
inception he should have one on
inception you wanted to talk about what
happiness now know what I mean bevel
first oh yeah because no one taught me
how to do it in the game out Oh Boober
Boober Boober
can you swim what'd you say we're
playing the green figure in the green
figure would you mope so it's gotten to
the point where batch and Susan each
double-team me now yeah she'll lose
that's the goal to beat me now why
didn't mix everyone I'm the best person
we're playing against in this game but
she's too good
he just went you won the last one
Boulder always winning overall Lilly's
winning she's too good she I thought all
right she was talking game here but
she's like a little bit above that but
we are playing on reserve but here's why
cuz on the entity for you half the skier
like this I don't mess with the motion
stuff I live a week stop talking stop
lady pads for life you are good though
I'm very proud of that prayer prayer so
hold on he'll ever notice nothing really
we're about like your 15 wins top my 10
wins
okay calm down about that she's really
good though I thought she was kidding
for someone who doesn't even have a TV
and you moved in December hmm since the
day we met
Susi's told me he's gonna destroy me in
Mario Kart which I have been I didn't
realize a you can't set it to control on
the d-pad you have to do like this so
I'm adjusting she's really good y'all
like I'm amazing in this game she's
really with it thank you thank you you
gonna click Subscribe now the way I am
tired right now what a great day
children's friends two great people
playing games video games haven't had a
day like this in so long I love it I'm
so tired but I'm gonna force myself to
edit this vlog right now a little bit
incoherent because every time we lost a
race we had to take it every time we
lost a race we had to take a shot
I didn't lose many races but I'm a
lightweight so um but yeah I'm going to
bed tomorrow okay so get this gonna good
not a big deal don't overreact let me
put this here for a second hold on
eeeeek me me me it's really not a big
deal this is like not a thing it's not a
thing but I have an addition problem
because I got called back for that
audition I did the other day um it's
still like such a long process that does
really mean anything but I'll call back
which is like really really cool it's my
second call back since I started pilot
season which is really cool so much to
do that I have the audition in the
morning not the morning then mornings
why it's 1:30 um and then I have my
throat hurts and then I have like a
two-hour interview video session thing
and Tamara's also video day and catch up
on emails I've had like a little bit of
a weekend which is kind of cool I
haven't like worked super super hard in
the week and I doesn't work but I
haven't like done work work work so like
I had a little bit of a weekend so now
there's no excuse for me to not
absolutely kill this week in terms of
work so I'm excited I feel refreshed I
might add this la go to sleep and then
tomorrow our Week starts thanks so much
for joining me on another day and I hope
you had a great day and tomorrow a great
day if you like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe if you're right so
okay so we are stupid round
Mike she was lowering just done here
okay my Islanders not much why didn't no
one tell me all right ready
final round ready here we go three two
one
