I woke up as an adult someone commented
in the comment on my blog Esther that it
feels like I'm yelling at them never
been my apartment that's because my
apartment has a massive echo so I feel
the need to overcompensate by speaking
louder so I'm not yelling at you I'm
just trying to make it make my voice
heard also I notice in yesterday's vlog
I was talking so quickly and I'm gonna
try to slow it down a little bit because
I do actually speak quite fast it's just
who I am
so hopefully you can understand what I'm
saying I'm kind of dressed like an adult
I'm heading to that audition I told you
about yesterday and this kind of suits
the character I'm auditioning for I
really hope it goes well I'm nervous as
per usual but let way less nervous in
the first few times audition so I'm glad
I've been doing it a lot and I'm gonna
hope for the best and it's Saturday so I
feel I don't have much things to do in
terms of timeline and deadlines but I do
have things to do
later on on the weekend of a deadline
that I might finish today I like a
responsible human I'm saying that we'll
see what happens let's go to the
audition let's go okay I finished you
know what made me feel a lot better
about my life if I knew how my auditions
went I literally finished an audition
and have no idea how it went strangers
crap like if I do a show I know for sure
one moment but I couldn't like engage
that but when I do in addition I walk on
I really have no clue that way there's
been additions I've gotten called back
for where I'm like I did horrible
Lince additions where I'm like I nailed
that and I actually don't get called
back so I don't know I hope I open one
well I have no idea I hope it went well
I did like two or three times the person
was really nice too I just hope about
well goddamn it well placed me to change
into my bomb clothes and Kingdom I'm
gonna go get a salad now then I'm gonna
read a bunch of other scripts I have and
then you leisurely do work but first
let's go get a salade salade yo look at
the stand of a camera
I can talk to I like this and like this
and be like you always say two things
one use of message we invited me to show
the guys Roman tonight so I might go to
that messaging around to see who else
wants to go and I think Susie's coming
and a semi is coming so I'm gonna go to
bat that's happening tonight and then I
forgot to tell you that March first
Blogilates my girl my sister she is
starting this Pilates intense interval
training I think that's what it is
Pilates interval intense training one of
those two PII 2:8 is what's called she
invited me to take part in this
challenge so I'll March first I'm
starting a 28-day fitness challenge
because I think y'all guys support the
sister so that's what really excited she
setting the other stuff for it
be super super dope do you wanna check
it out and stuff um just go to blog
claudi's all her Facebook and Twitter
and Instagram and YouTube channel and
all that stuff and yes that's what's
happening now I'm gonna go read some
scripts let's go let's go we gonna read
read read read the scripts my windows
are so open everybody watching me from
dick and I say it all right I'm done
goddamn second script in a row there's
just papers everywhere and reading
scripts when I want to take a little bit
of a break and just say hold on one
second okay it's watching a little bit
of break-ins it wait a million trips cry
bears
okay it's hot I'm gonna have a stroke oh
we a million subscribers do eight
millions grab my stick listen for a
second my first division board had a
hundred thousand subscribers my second
one had a million my third one had five
million and I haven't made another one
since then we am surpassed my first
division part by seven million nine
hundred thousand people I didn't know if
I'm saying that word rep because it's
such a big number but we go honestly you
know what can I tell you me shut up are
we shut up shut up your it is can tells
me I was like yo congrats you hit eight
million but dude I'm only on one side of
the screen you're on the other side and
there would be no eight million if you
weren't on the other side so dude we hit
a million subscribers
it's friggin crazy like I don't even
know what I feel like I need to have a
nice cold cold I don't even know how to
celebrate right now because like shut up
honestly I don't yo did you it means you
here we able is crazy oh
you heard what was that yeah it later we
still got more than eight million seven
wahoo shut up okay I just finished
cleaning the place it is sparkly because
grace is coming over in a little while
and we are gonna go check out Yusuf's
and roman show which I'm very excited
about that's happening later so I'm
going to take a shower eat some salad
semesters and then get on that year
share Marion what'd you say and million
like to also went to scripts
there's so much reading I think I
dimensions that I remember I just so
much reading like hours and hours and
hours of reading and I just shouldn't
feel just like a separate day was so
early I is 33 today and then later I'm
gonna come back home later on tonight
I'm gonna try like I said after
deadlines later on the way that my tribe
finished today leisurely because it's
Saturday
okay you know and you get some work done
I'm having a very not rushed
okay date I'm very happy about it
honestly can't get over this place
downstairs there's hell vegan vegetarian
everything like meats
I have kung pao chicken that's vegan and
they have so many options like this is
meant to be second day in the morning to
my
eyeliner talking too fast sorry second
android did my eyeliner just my vibes
mad simple it's called 0% effort what
time is it just only time that Matt
Harbhajan so we've ended up in this
mysterious alleyway this is great we're
gonna die together okay our uber driver
first of all wouldn't even drop us here
no but we're gonna figure it out
Yousuf Yousuf for use of trash we have
no idea what to expect by the way no
idea what to expect and we might be
getting pranked right now oh do you know
every time I chose you so that's my fear
that could be a prank right now
back-alley way they said come on that
lap dance is gonna happen on stage oh um
if I win tonight with a knockout I give
it up giddy up y'all I knew over 1
here's a sample all right
sister you know na'vi school people oh
man yo I'm dismayed lossless camera is
what it is another sim
I heard your race is being social it's
very cute Logan sorry I interrupted your
social news continue god it's all good
we love the camera right yeah
so this is used at my new apartment you
subsidize new apartment what's that guys
so I wanted to get a big place you know
to make her happy comfortable to move in
with me okay that's better cuz I can get
my own good place but uh I know that
kidding
I'm so proud i'ma show was so good I was
so impressed and so proud I'm not just
saying that cuz you know that would be
honest with them you're so good he knows
really I was really happy to cure their
that means a lot
I'm just to look out into the audience
and see her friends there it feels good
you get to email out dance so we're
working on it
um did good he did a good job this is my
place this is my TV right here this is
my dining table also you said told me I
could keep this tools table in place you
can I don't even know I don't even know
they were gone I took a spiritual Thank
You DJ also all these people are here
but it's not about them it's about him
because day just like unicorns I took
her on a trip to island she went
from my heart you be roaming yeah in
your heart I did though yeah okay so we
just covered that boys are stupid
what's all sweet about it that they're
so high round-robin my IQ is lowering
just down here okay my island is not
much why didn't no one tell me I'm ready
final round
ready here we go three two one
back home I forgot my vlogging camera at
home like I mentioned so I was vlogging
half this on my phone go back to the
vlog camera grace brought me a plan
doesn't housewarming to see this I had
so much fun chillin with grace we don't
get to hang out too much and we we said
we would hang out more we said like
seriously dude we gotta hang out more
I'm so proud of Yusuf and it should I've
seen Yusuf's other show I've seen the
show I think he just come such a long
way and I'm so proud of him and I have a
very soft spot very soft spot in my
heart for Yusuf and I'm I'm just so
proud of him I'm so proud of the show it
is so good and so entertaining it's so
wonderful everyone is so excited the
audience and it's a really great message
as well um so yeah it's for the really
super great I am going to edit this vlog
and head to bed I'm so tired tomorrow
tomorrow okay what can I speak tomorrow
I am shooting a collab with Suzy for his
channel first Club we've ever done on
his channel and then in the evening I'm
either going to I know when do something
I'm beside yeah there's a bunch of
options things to do hey you know Kent I
love this little plant I was thinking
too you know I need a plan
you brought me one way up thanks for
joining me on another day eight million
subs congrats you Congrats ooh what an
eventful day um tomorrow will be another
great day if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe okay so Big Sean is here for
us here LL Cool J's here Tina Fey's here
of Matt Damon's your Ben Affleck is here
so many people are yeah my chill is like
this is really really it's like it's
cool
