hopefully this works good morning so
yesterday's vlog footage all got
corrupted and so nothing I've logged
yesterday you know about or you've seen
which is very annoying but it's okay cuz
nothing super spectacular happened but
still now I feel like I'm behind and
there's things you don't know and gotta
catch up and I'm like did I say that do
they know this I don't know either way
Thomas Sanders is coming up right now up
the building because we're gonna shoot a
clap together
mention that yesterday but now you know
I'm she didn't collab with Thomas after
that I have an interview at pop filter
and then I'm gonna try to get that
target running that I've been wanting to
do but haven't had time to do because I
need to buy so many things like a black
bra that I lost whoo this is a bra I
don't know apparently me and I was with
other such things my body still hurts so
much my legs from 90 I did squats like
it just the point where it's like
frustrating now because if I'm trying to
walk and trying up stairs it just hurt
so much my body is aching so clearly I
didn't stretch or warm up properly or
something but I'm going to today is my I
don't want to cheat day because I don't
think I want to die I'm just changing my
eating habits but today's little bit of
a day Friday I've decided where I can
allow myself not go crazy and eat like
10 bags of popcorn impossible like I
haven't been eating a lot of dairies
like I can have milk and cereal like
things like that so I'm exciting about
that but that's scary I am with the
unicorn what is up you guys I love his
energy he's like a certified unicorn
like very happy very smiley I love it
very good I'm a certified you know yet
exactly order from the source we're
shooting a video for his channel we
don't know when it's gonna come out yet
that's gonna be fun Ben de la oh please
I'm honored he's just a sweetheart
and he was so accommodating oh they can
you come to my place and could you come
this time I was so annoying you know
what you so accommodating at the best LA
Drive also yesterday's ball that got
deleted I said that I got a ring light
and that's why yesterday's video
everyone's like I'm never letting I
finally up my game got a ring light and
an extension for my mic to solve the
echo it's moving on up in the world man
yo yo yo that boy is such a sweetheart
I love him so much he's just so
well-mannered so polite such a good
energy what lolly
not lollies why just so so wonderful to
be around I absolutely adore him we saw
something for his channel not anything
for my chances that never creative and I
don't have time have to run for another
interview but he's here for a while so
I'm hoping to shoot something for my
channel as well I'm still supposed to
have things I told you yesterday that
you might not know what I do okay I
worked on my arms yesterday I blogged it
at the gym it's fine it was just me
dancing being crazy I was also talking
about oh I was also talking about how
yesterday I was going to my Twitter feed
and I caught a picture of Bianca on
Fallon and literally I was like because
she looks so effing hot like my face
literally feel it like felt like a car
hit it like the impact was like she
looked so friggin hot and then I was
like just talking on Twitter but I'm
like yo she does so much she's on
Quantico the lead of Quantico then she
also has like mad Bollywood movies
releasing I'm just like when Dean asleep
you're releasing movie then you have a
TV show and then I would think about
doing outdoing does the same thing I
always shoots ballers and does movies at
the same time than works out every day I
was like yo all the people that are like
yo you should sleep more and I'm all for
advocate of healthy life stuff like look
at these people this is what it takes
these people hustles so hard and it's so
inspirational to see like when I see
that I was like dude so well deserved so
so well deserves it's so inspiring to
just work even harder so so awesome so I
may be ready for the next shoot I have
in a little bit of pop filter and that's
what's up my braids would look a mad
tight today yo Mac tight braids today so
this new hairstyle is my hair being open
so I love the heat don't get me wrong
but my hair being open when we're doing
things like challenge videos and like
with the Sun and it's hot and I don't
like my hair to be I just cover I don't
like my hair to be out anymore unless
it's curled it just think it gets this
frizzy and gets my way makes me hot or
whatever so I developed this hairstyle
because two pigtails alone is a bit
young but this thing gives me kind of
like it's kind of like a rebellion not
everybody feels kind of just like you
know I'm just like breaking the rules
and doing it if I want so half bun and
braids half bun so it doesn't hurt my
head this is the ultimate hairstyle to
not hurt my head basically that's what's
that that's what's up hey what up what
up
boyfriend jeans silver shoes and we
wearing the laser again because
everybody complimented me on it I was
like all right I'm not just shooting
pretty I keep forgetting what's called
pretty I think I was called I was
calling it pretty filters called pretty
unfiltered nests in there man it's
pretty unfiltered that's we're gonna go
shoot I know I'm a makeup date it's
lipstick color like it's very different
um no one's mad about this green room no
one's mad about that pink thing right
there and it's a very cute it's very me
I love it
mm-hmm right a cheat day why don't you
do enough Chipotle bro I'm not gonna go
overboard I'm still gonna knock it sour
cream still no cheese brownie chips
today and I'm so excited
we chose lighting real quick because I
feel like this is the nicest lighting
I've ever experienced in my entire
career
show them the monitor but can you please
look at the monitor and just look at how
beautiful the lighting is here
everything looks great
I need you to walk around with the
centromere all times is what needs to
happen so good you know like right in
front of you as well chip bottle Shawn
to little Chipotle I'm so excited for
this right now earn this with a week of
clean eating what just did the F in
right now yo so something dope I did
recently as I put on a challenge saying
make your best acapellas of that on this
app called a cappella and you all send
did so many great entries and now he was
like you're so freaking cute you're so
freaking you a have typical winner
because I won the contest so I have
decided to pick it was so hard to pay
but I decided to pick Kirstie Foreman
who did like a singing version of lead
is so so dope check it out I'm gonna
show to you right now are you ready this
is like this is like are you ready
what what so good thank you so much for
everyone that did this there's you all
so talented and cute and creative and
dedicated and loyal and if free I love
you
so that was dope we watching the rest of
it is on the a cappella app and yeah
thank you yeah yo yo what up okay I'm
wearing this after so long so if I wear
it again as a proper outfit like I'd
actually go somewhere pretend like you
haven't seen it in so long as well I'm
going to finally do the target but I've
never been so excited to go to Target
because I need to get some things on my
list and I mean to go for days and days
I haven't found the time so we head into
target the time is 870 nothing so until
11:00 I'm as a Friday night won't turn
up
got a flop for target let's go I
literally just walked up and down every
aisle of target cuz I knew I'd forget
things I'm like what do I need away new
in every I look right yes I needed this
because I I made a list but I need to
forget stuff not that much stuff to like
good stuff good stuff yo so I don't have
much what I have work but like it's the
weekend actually no money work plans for
the weekend
hey girls King tomorrow am I gonna use
this as well tomorrow we'll sleep like
I'm time to just right now do some
creative work and I know that still
seems like work with creative work is
different we're just like I'm not just
thinking like Diaz and write down ideas
which is very exciting to me and I'm
gonna watch some TV shows then I'm gonna
bed I'm very very excited of what at all
times I wash my feet
about some eye cream for these dark
circles under my eyes hopefully it's
gonna help the situation I'm not gonna
lie I'm feeling mad lazy right now I got
a little bit of work done not too much
and I'm supposed to add in my vlog right
now but I just feel like going to sleep
until it's Friday chill that felt dad to
vlog tomorrow I feeling mad just like I
would love to just passed out so I might
just do that
I might just do that I mean I never
really do that but I'm never really like
chilling on a Friday either oh my god
this folks saying I don't do okay you
know what you're lame when you find this
exciting um maybe I'll do that maybe I'm
just gonna let myself just go to sleep
right now and as well tomorrow when I
wake up I got a whole day just work
tomorrow and I got a whole day on Sunday
she work so I am excited about it I'm
gonna go to sleep that's what I'm gonna
do
can you see my excitement thank you for
joining me on another day um semi
productive not too too productive but
it's okay because tomorrow the hustle
continues I hope you had a great day if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe subscribe maybe she lucky
charms one more time yeah let me do that
what to kill super fine my name is Ella
got mad girls nine and a bus every right
now and I'm like hey why isn't your
owner cute like you huh what if dollar
had hair this good dollar head this is
where I work where I work just
immediately work work work work work
