the day is about control let's take
control of it woke up I did 50 jumping
jacks did sit-ups I did leg lifts I did
some stuff to get my blood pumping to
get a little bit of sweat running I'm
excited I decided move that every
morning let's stretch and do a little
bit of work out in the morning doesn't
my how much just to get the day going to
set the precedent for the rest of the
day also loving vitamin C you ready to
go because you know my throat hurts all
the time it's my own fault solutions
solutions problems I'm gonna go get some
breakfast room downstairs
I'm going to try to do five small meals
today to get them in tableau and glory
growing I'm not gonna say that moment
turning into like a health freak gym
junkie person now no I'm just making
better choices that are in my control to
fix the problems cuz yesterday's vlog I
was when I was editing it I was like wow
in the morning I was so happy and cheery
and then I start feeling really bad
about myself I'm like everything's in my
control so to a good date right lolly
lolly knows what's up you want to work
out - lolly lolly knows what's up
alright I have an interview in like one
minute exactly one minute there - call
me I got some so that three eggs in
total - egg whites one normal egg dunno
balance I got some spinach green peppers
red peppers mushrooms I'm cooking that
up right now
Tings going great five small meals no no
just the eggs that's a small meal god
damn usually even a stack of pancakes
alrighty so I'm just been doing much
emails I had a call did my interview up
to meetings as I said a phone call and I
didn't get that role that I auditioned
for and I was like thinking about on the
phone knows like I just had the call I'm
honestly fine um I can't expect to this
is gonna be a conversation where I'm
talking to myself but also you I mean
yeah it's a little bit like oh man and
get it but also like I just moved here I
can't expect to do a few additions like
land rolls like that like people have
been doing this for years people are
much more experienced than me I am
starting from the absolute bottom trying
to learn how to audition how to do all
this stuff I'm still very very new and
just the same way took me six years on
YouTube to get where I am it couldn't
take me a long time when it comes to
traditional Hollywood for lack of better
terms so I didn't get it um it's fine
not to make a break like I said that's
it that's what it is we're gonna keep
trying we're to stay positive
lots of work to do today doesn't take
away from that and we learned a lot of
things during that audition process so
if anything it's still a positive it's
still a positive nothing lost everything
gained and that's what's up we're gonna
kill the rest of the day well kill the
rest of the day um I get to not get too
I will not restrain myself from reading
but I'm scheduled travel another little
meal in like 30 40 ish minutes and then
I'm ready ready for my meeting
Lego leg up hey um I'm headed to my
first medium I grab some salty in the
car I'm continuously talking to myself
because I'm genuinely not you know it is
it's so weird it's I start to Sarah but
it's the double life thing that it
screws me over a little but it's like on
one side like I'm trying to maintain my
channel as much as I'm trying to do
auditions and stuff I'm trying to make
my channel so buffing my videos are
still creative and funny and we both
enjoy them so I'm doing as many clubs as
they can like I'm treating clap - its
Alex wasabi Laura laurdiy and Youssef
and I'm truly another one for use this
channel at the same time it's like I'm
also trying to break into this other
world round like an o1
so that's like on the one side I'm like
so many shoots for digital stuff so many
collabs so many opportunities so many
things then over here it's like so much
work as well but it doesn't go anywhere
because auditions and it's like it
doesn't go anywhere in terms of who is
calling me hello
sorry prime example calls for YouTube
stuff I guess okay I'm gonna stop
blabbering what I'm trying to say is
what I'm trying to say is on one end I'm
like you know I got my six whatever
success I do have on YouTube now so
grateful to have took me six years and
now I have to train my brain to
understand I feel the same thing fresh
additional Hollywood the advantage like
this doesn't mean I start here this
still means I start here
and I just need to and I'm willing to do
that I'm so willing to and I'm willing
to work for every opportunity comes my
way it's just so difficult to shift my
mentality to be like okay like here like
you'll be guest certain opportunities do
certain shoes do whatever then here's
like yo
anything could happen because like
you're one of them you're a thousand of
people are good out but there's a
thousand billion people better than you
here and who have more experience and
what I'm trying to say the most blunt
terms that it's hard it's hard to have
one part of your life we have six years
experience than another part of your
life we have zero and you're trying to
work your way up and you literally have
to start from the bottom so my life is
like this right now I hope that makes
sense I don't know I know I'm blabbering
on but that that's just what it is I
will continue to audition continue to
work hard I'm not at all like SATA to
get the part where forgot the part
clearly was better than me no I'm all
for that I don't have that much
experience prejudice need to adjust my
life and mentality to accommodate for
both of those things you know it's like
doing Bodmin shoots here here getting an
acting coach like you know just routine
things you like and my finger hit the
record button I need to meditate more
I'm happy it's great it is sunny day I'm
heading to meetings I've shoots with my
friends later everything is wonderful
and we're gonna figure it out whatever
is going on to the brain whatever I need
to just acting coach whether it's
certain times of the day focus on
YouTube stuff and then the next day's
focus on like other stuff then I'm just
going to figure that out is scheduling
wise and I'm gonna have to train my
brain to go back and forth between the
two and it's gonna be fine
because we're gonna do it cuz it's in my
control and I swear I'm not just saying
this on the camera to sound good like I
mean this is in my control and it's you
know the best part is being self-aware
is half the battle being aware of the
fact that this is why I'm having trouble
and this is why I'm feeling some type of
way that is half the battle you should
be so self-aware and know exactly how
you feel and why you feel that way so
you're heading to grab some salad going
to our meetings this divides
ow prime example I get here after my
meeting
he hadn't secured to give research our
time I couldn't get out of an uber at a
certain point as I know you got to go
across the street go back up then he can
get her to be but he can't get up you
over here and I'm just like prime
example of starting for the bottom of
the ladder because when I had my
premiere episode really do she was they
went out to premiere last two weeks ago
we're security around me so welcome to
my split life welcome to my split life
where I am two people I'm Hannah Montana
mmm what's up was I was uh just finish
my first meeting it was a gorgeous day
and I'm just walking very slowly because
I wanted to take in the moment I'm like
yo it's a great day it's sunny Sun feels
nice on my skin and should I take in the
nature and trees around me to be like
you know so much to be grateful for so
I'm taking a moment to do that I'm
heading to my second make now which i
think is across town and then I'm
shooting my collabs like I said sorry I
know I repeat the other day a lot of
times what I'm doing it's also for
myself partially so I know what I'm
doing and I'm lost
hold on okie dokie I'm back home ready
bit late my hair's a little distraught
I'm going to eat a small vegan chicken
and veggies thing right now that's some
Greek yogurt as well which I'm very
excited about Graham some yogurt and
walnuts you know I love my yogurt and
walnuts and then I'm heading to Yusuf's
place I feel like kind of bad he asked
me to be in a video not much sure the
role he wants to play is like almost
it's like very similar to what we did in
Suzy's video so I was like if I do that
if I do that same thing back-to-back
might be a bit strange you'll understand
a bit more when you cease with this
video but yeah I feel bad about that but
I always wanted to be honest with him so
I don't know if I'm doing something for
his channel anymore but I am still doing
it for Alex's oh yeah look what with we
should look around
this guy's the biggest TV buzz ever I
know you I could live in a month of all
the time today I normally I should look
normally I say what's up ladies well I'm
not because I got my lady right here
with me so what's up what's up ladies
how you feeling
do you feel that it's us coming out of a
dream about a shoot for Alex's channel
it was shooting pancake art challenge
you know how hard is gonna be tonight
all these pancakes we're not Alex what
are you doing oh no one try not to so
when is the big upload again Wednesday
was waiting with day Yuma what's up and
the channel is cassabi productions huh
is mighty - mr. right now are you going
back to Toronto okay no I'm snowing
they're super sewing the code closer
than any time you visit you can have to
my place key was mine as yours you know
what's up know what stop that with you
can I run away yeah yeah yeah okay have
a girl that I met with her to Toronto
okay yeah sure go doesn't affect me this
conversation doesn't make me know what
gotta do beg me
all right I'm gonna head back home and
get some emails and I'm hungry and eat
again I don't either
try eat oh thank you some veteran try
need healthy I can have a solid punch
bowl way I could do that my boyfriend
dollar keep going on Hank jr. if you
don't like my videos and I want to
subscribe for me that's fine subscribe
for dollar - say say say what am i doing
- girl - boom hi my name is Bella got
mad girls 9 and a boss at me right now
and I'm like yo what's happening wait
why isn't your owner cute like you huh
what a dollar out here
this trip dollar had this is work work
work work work it's immediately work
work work work work it's a meaningful
work
Cimino people and poor and the booty
Emma the pop where we're going where
work is to mean you people work work
work okay okay boo-boo I love you here
you go
um back home I can't wait until Monday
because humble is coming on Monday and
and I can't wait to like come home and
have someone here to work with because
right now I'm finding by like ten when I
come home I have so much work to do
rooms like I'm alone in my place and it
makes me sleepy
usually a during the daytime not the
problem cuz decided shine you're very
driven by sunshine but at night when I'm
alone it's kind of tough sometimes um my
body kills like I even put some
medication on my shoulder because my
shoulder feels like someone just hit it
with a hammer and what happened to my
shoulder but could be because I worked
out yesterday and haven't done it in so
long my body's like shutting down I got
a few urgent emails to do no part of me
wants to do them every part of me wants
that you have in bed but I'm not going
to do that I'm going to attempt to do
day two of my challenge which is leg day
and my legs already kills I'll see what
I can do but somethings better than
nothing and then I will take a hot hot
hot shower and then I'm going to finish
off my work in bed although I try not to
work in bed I try to make it like bed is
for sleeping but we'll see I can't walk
I didn't like to I took some of them Oh
Cassie stuff some stuff I found on the
internet I made my own little workout
how walk it was quick but one step right
I'm like it's a baby step stick food
chick cow Hawk it some squats and did
some leg lifts or just mish like I said
baby steps it's okay if I couldn't do
the whole thing's okay for come to a lot
somethings better than nothing but sub
crawl my way to shower now crawl Oh Oh
quaff feral
honestly this struggle to stand in the
shower just now and watch have some
honey look at my dishes I'm gonna wash
this but you know I could do it tomorrow
this is the benefit of living alone it
doesn't bother me
mom can't stand right now dude tomorrow
make myself some water and honey I'm
actually deciding not to work in bed and
to work at my desk because I know I'll
be more productive and that's what we're
doing I'm also the amount of times I
forget my towel while taking a shower
if I run across the floor and make it
all wet it's stupid I'm like a stupid
person almost Rupert partland every
night my dreams I see you I feel you so
I just watch this whole thing about
Kaitlyn's that nearly or DiCaprio's
friendship and I was like ah so cute so
cute
I had to bet I can't walk I can't stand
I just want to end another ball on the
toilets oh my god aren't so good or so
bad my god Britt Jen I'm gonna as this
log then I'm gonna watch I've decided
that something I want to do is start
watching shows I don't have a TV
just are watching shows online and get
subscriptions to stuff to start watching
shows because I think I'll help with
acting it'll help me be more in the loop
it'll help with my writing and my comedy
because I'll be more informed about
different shows and crack different
jokes doesn't mine do definitely Charles
Quantico is my girl Priyanka and then
I'm just gonna watch whole bunch of
shows so that's what's up and I said I
watched fuller house as well I'm so
excited about that so I'm gonna pee at
this long
watching me ask you tomorrow three over
already
tomorrow it's video day that's what's up
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe don't like it subscribe I'm
saying that I just had the best
motivational talk of myself actually
develop a little teensy bit of a fever I
think she's really hot and I just eject
cool down I got my vitamin C I had the
best motivational talk with myself I am
friggin ready I'm ready I'm ready
