I woke up a buddy broke on my body hurts
my body hurts man my throat hurts I need
to like drink vitamin C every day I
think my move throat is just like I
don't remember what it feels like for my
throat not to hurt but it's a great day
it's sunny it's gonna be wonderful
I'm gonna stretch to fix the body thing
instead of just complaining about it I'm
gonna stretch this is the vibes all
right I am headed to this audition that
I'm very nervous about but I'm gonna
keep repeating the same thing not to
make a break go to learn stuff excited
about it
get a stretch gonna eat something and
practice gonna head over after that I
have two meetings I need to do my
laundry today being out for legit
running out of underwear I just haven't
done my laundry in forever
I assumed my laundry I need to do day
one of the Pilates interval intense
training today's day one and I need go
grocery shopping for that you know I'm
gonna try to follow it as much as I can
because I have another chance with Rosa
shopping but I'm making pretty healthy
anyways recently so that's what's going
on we're in this together is gonna be
good I'm good a stretch but good or make
it happen
yeah gah all right we're gonna pop a
little vitamin C into this because we're
not just gonna complain about stuff
we're gonna do things about it OOP
vitamin C we're on our way to having a
great day great day being proactive here
this is gonna close move close
everything's going great I just had deep
contentment when people don't interrupt
your elevator party boom I was saying
that I just had the best motivational
talk of myself actually developed a
little teensy bit of a fever I think
she's really hot and I just II just cool
down I got my vitamin C and I had the
best motivational talk with myself I am
freaking right being ready I'm ready
I did I did I did a really solid right
now but we'll get to that first look I'm
facetiming my sister I'm Susan King
Ellis right now let me show you my
sister she's in chaos right now you
don't know my sister also vlogs her name
is mom boss of three I'll put her link
in the description she makes vlogs she's
very amusing and her kids are several
handfuls
several several handfuls
you she has to you three two hands I
understand the joke yes okay I suck I
suck Sal a blog like I could each and
many raw greens as I wanted so I got
some tofu in there and all that stuff
for proteins I did it I didn't
spontaneously combust I felt really good
about it actually um I have no idea like
I said how it went I never know how it
went but I feel good about it I'm really
proud of myself I actually found out
this is actually the last time I have to
do a live so what I was told yesterday
is actually incorrect they're not
showing the tape to other people that
they take today but the last time I
threw a live so I've been told I don't
know story changes every day but that's
what I was told today so I feel good
about it in a down somewhere vitamin C
item finished vitamin C with the vitamin
C this water bottle by the way I
appreciate that the lock actually locks
us let's be real
when water bottles lock HP leaking
everywhere but this one had in my bag
and lacked
a lot like convict music that mmm
vitamin C that you want the vitamin C I
have a meeting in an hour
I am I got my long I got appeal Angela
I'm gonna get me to my meeting my check
my emails right now because I haven't
shot them for like two days better do
that
alright sorry I haven't flown for a few
hours I'm back home for my first meeting
my second meeting got canceled is 4:30
the sun is shining I'm having such a
good day I had such a good meeting and
just I was having a really good day
I feel the vibes I saw challenges I
approached the challenges of confidence
it's not even always about the outcome
it's about how you conquer the
challenges so I'm feeling real good
about it
I've got a lot of really good emails and
it's a beautiful day look at this a
beautiful day it's a beautiful day with
so many reasons to be happy I'm gonna
pee cuz I'm really gonna pee I am
meeting so damn clean I'm so proud of
myself the store downstairs is making it
so easy for me
I got like vegan barbecue chicken
vegetables beans and
I'd like killing the game you would gain
two games Yamaka
to knit all the laundry is happening
laundry might be my least favorite chore
to do it's just so time-consuming it's
like first I got to put you in the wash
you want to take what 30 40 minutes then
then you tell them you're gonna also
take the report miss in the dryer
you're selfish panties you're selfish if
you think this is now mad time I got
hours to wait by your side so you do
ch√° anyways I am getting a lot of work
done avid when she Moses still do and I
suffice and that treatment that I didn't
said yesterday so I got that to do at
7:30 tomorrow like earliest things that
11 is a call that I can easily do for my
bed and that's what I'm in meetings away
2:30 so like tomorrow's tomorrow only
have two meetings and interview in the
morning and AK lab at night that's
pretty that's we're pretty chill day so
like I get a lot of other work done that
I'm very excited about but that's just
going on we out here we do a Landry we
lit ah oh my god I'm grace I don't know
you know what's so interesting that I
have such a aggressive work ethic with
my work but I can't apply that work
ethic to working out I've tried so many
times it's like I have a house my dryer
sounds like and clothes are done drying
I said five loads of laundry that should
be working out I just I don't know what
I have a fear of working out because I'm
scared of like not being able to do it
and it's so strange because usually I
can talk myself into like going to scary
auditions and performing in front of
thousands of people but I can't talk
myself into the physical things like
working out and I'm gonna do it I
committed I'm doing it it's 28 minutes
and 40 seconds I can do it I'm gonna do
it before I sleep so I'm thinking just
like shut the F up put on some sneakers
put on some pants I mean I'm wearing
pants I mean workout pants put it on a
sports bra shut the F up and just try my
best like something is better than
nothing Lily I know your fear of like
not being able to complete it it's okay
you'll do 24 minutes or 22 minutes is
better than the zero minutes you're
doing right now so today is abdominus
which is like core abs and stuff which
scares me the most but we're gonna do it
we're gonna do it we're gonna do it I'm
giving up past 10 ish I might as well do
this together for the for effect so I'm
gonna do it I'm doing it I'm doing it
I'm so disappointed in myself I'm sort
of shape I didn't even last okay this is
what I've learned number one I need to
stop working out at 10 p.m. after a day
full of like an audition a meeting all
my emails five loads of laundry doing
six thousand other things probably
earlier in the day would have more
energy because I'm like falling asleep
on the mat - this is gonna sound really
stupid but I swear to god it's a
legitimate thing and if you have long
hair tell me you can relate there's so
many exercise moves that are difficult
to do with long hair reason being I
obvious I don't want my hair to be open
a ponytail doesn't do anything because
it's still long and down my back so I
like working on a bun when you're doing
situps the bond hits the floor doesn't
let you lie down also if you do any
jumping moves no matter how many hair
ties I put in my hair my bun when I
Ravel I was doing some of the work on my
bun just kept unraveling I'm like
working with open hair I'm like I can't
I can't have my hair open I've way too
much hair for that I'm just so
disappointed myself I'm so out of shape
I barely lasted anything I'm finished
anything you know I gave up halfway so
what I'm deciding is that I'm still
gonna do it 28 days 22 challenge I'm
gonna modify some of the work out with
all the workouts I know and I think I'm
gonna go back to going to the gym
remember the elliptical at 30 minutes of
cardio because you did generally get
back in shape like I don't think I can
kick into something so I'm so
disappointed I see a dancer then I spent
my life editing I just need to you know
design usually baby steps and train
myself mentally to get back into it
elliptical I don't know I forgot me out
because I feel horrible myself right now
well it's okay because somethings better
than nothing and we're gonna figure it
out and every day we're better and I
might discover moves that work with my
also so many moves I know they say
you do move correctly it's not supposed
to hurt your neck but I feel like moves
still hurt my neck moves I don't even
involve my neck hurt my neck my necks
just f'd we already know this from past
experiences so I'm gonna find some
things that work make my own little
modified workout make this happen I need
to get back in shape
this is not okay it's not okay you just
took a shower with my pink clean towel
that I did miss it on this clothes
toilet for a second ah ah it was only
10:45 but I'm going to end the vlog
because I'm gonna edit it
send that treatment that you send then
finish the rest of my emails reflect on
how I can get back in shape because it
truthfully is really bothering me mental
hurdles is just mental hurdles doing
something that you know the result will
be so in the future I'm sure I'll start
seeing differences after a while but I
guess the rest of my life doesn't work
like that I post videos on one-day
feedback Monday Thursday shoot edit
release feedback Thursday my life is
very instant in most ways um and so I
just need to like get over that mental
hurdle but enough about that we're gonna
do it we're gonna get to it it's
important to me so and yeah that's going
on I'm about to bed let me know how your
day was comment below let me know what's
up well how was your day would you eat
what you do who you chewing what's up
let me know and tomorrow is another day
that's how it works right a day and then
the next day's another day I think so if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe don't like that subscribe our
dance with your face
