Oh things got a little spicy can I just
take a moment to tell you how I almost
died last night I'm not being dramatic
last night I had one of the worst
migraines of my entire life
I was like trying to throw up I couldn't
do it I put Tiger Balm all of my body I
tried to sit my hot dog I'd lied to all
the medications in the back of my head
was literally just splitting in half and
I was just crying for hours and hours I
was so close to going to the hospital my
calling it admins been like something is
wrong with my brain fortunately I fell
asleep and I just woke up and I have a
new appreciation for life I feel like I
survive I swear to God I survived death
that's my story legitimately I just feel
so fragile right now isn't like I can't
move too much to do anything because I
kinda know what death almost feels like
but here's the mission for today's use
medicine we all the things I didn't do
yesterday cuz I was then writing
creative hack he's going somewhere
secret pick up some packages spend time
in my wife and hope another thing I
remember right now the point is have got
to be a very productive day we don't
have a choice yesterday was like semi
productive not as productive as I could
have been the hustle was only a little
bit hard it could have been harder
that's what she said don't get my head
don't hit my head I just talked with my
great white in my head were you talking
to you know what you know who I'm
talking to so tomorrow I'm flying
somewhere tropical and beautiful I'm not
telling you where you're gonna have to
wait and see where until tomorrow's long
but I'm so excited at what it some new
bathing suits oh just a few showers so
fresh so clean wearing this shirt again
life he's coming over but here's a funny
thing so last night when I was dying of
my migraine oh I need pills I need pills
why do I feel like I've seen pills
recently I really need excedrin
specifically for my grave and I was like
wait it sounds very familiar because X
entran is actually excedrin so I crawled
out of my office and I was like
Accenture isn't that hilarious dang
six-inch wound why have you coming over
I took a shower my body clean up with
your turban on let's get some makeup
dude oh man I have you know that whole
clip was ten minutes on editing I did my
makeup just now in ten minutes
BAM damn my place is like sparkling
clean right now
Thanks
this exact same last time I saw you was
you are no big deal from your party
forehead and let off easy to just say it
does your wife have to cease never show
I don't think so ho my wife does that's
right wait now yeah yeah
also when you're watching this today can
you tell them quickly about your
fundraiser because this walls will come
up yes so today at 1 o'clock Pacific
Standard Time I'm doing a fundraiser for
childhood cancer and every single penny
goes to kids at cancer to help them out
because they don't get enough money from
the government that's right I also
signed a book in a poster as well as
something but there's other prizes as
well I'm surprised ok if you donate even
like a dollar so we're on your channel
is on my second screen or channel the
donations will be open for like a week
though I'll put the link in the
description today when you're watching
this at 1:00 Pacific Standard Time so
everyone in Australia and enbe I
apologize but yeah okay now we're gonna
do something really fun today as you
know my wife we go way way way back we
could could react to some various things
I found don't you see many of these I
can't be your first rodeo with all the
good things you do the first word is
going to be burp and fart compilation
why I am so excited to be turned on by
this right now okay so we're gonna start
coming on your burps and farts first of
all the bed does the bangs oh okay right
okay I'm so excited
so many of these drunk or sober for the
right now I filmed a video of me as
Miranda reacting to some of these of
Miranda burping and fighting and I
couldn't see in character because it was
so broad but it's not I can be like oh
that was pitiful I can do good ones yeah
I couldn't bear plank on company I gave
me one that I give really good why can't
I predict a like it could come out right
now and be like really horrible see it's
kind of like literal okay the next thing
we're we I can do him know since we did
your burps um yeah we could do my
sexiest moment
roasted meat on there now they say this
is sexy but when I watch it I cringe so
hard me goes so far from sex okay you
said mr. burping and farting - I like
people's individuality and I like when
they know who they are first of all this
is like maybe I don't know but I'm into
it maybe you can use your imagination
there we go how about sex because it's
your face
this is delusional and just a really big
fan the burp compilation that I in my
last thing we're gonna react to is this
the first time we cried I don't know
what the first time we collab I think
the first thing you and I did was the
superlative one from I don't remember
yeah but me Miranda the first time you
don't remember when you met my parents
three million you better day when we
used to get you had this awesome idea
whenever and wait so much whatever they
bonded and we said came over we talked
for an hour about our feelings now we
would and like erotic relationships and
love I'd like light it was awesome not
what we was talking by analogy thing I
was like I like this girl she's not
yeah and we're talking oh so exciting
this is the first time I shot one that
also does a character yes we're gonna
just react to the part where Miranda
means Ethan but him do the yes I have to
say one more thing about that it was so
exciting I'm remembering even more about
that day it was such a beautiful day for
me because I met someone who also you
like you just said to just a character
but like it goes there's so many levels
of it I'm like the makeup like that it's
teens and she's like oh my god the
makeup on my face and I was like yeah
and then like people talk to me like I
want to talk to her and she's like oh my
god there's literally nobody else in the
planet who can relate to that maybe not
like the Liza cuz maybe maybe the legged
creators I mean now there is but like
back then nobody else had characters
that people knew them for when I collab
with other people I feel like awkward
like putting on the weird and yeah it
look like they're probably just me but
meet her she wasn't my and we were just
like having a normal conversation which
is like too weird oh yeah it was great
yeah anyway that was a very good day for
me and she kills it in the video my she
runs the script issue anyway I get this
nice twenty three million views go my
gosh only I got a fraction of that need
day also the horrible color the horrible
chemical
none of that mattered I know I've seen
this like since it came out that's my
dad she improved a lot of this I need to
say what and you ate the cold Indian
food as well yeah everything looks like
spicier than I was anticipating
well you rubbed it on your lips oh yeah
so hot I sleep with James that wasn't
wrong but that she made that up on the
clouds diet can we talk about how you
just try to put it in your mouth and
miserably fail well I'd like we don't
address it just like it's honestly it's
just like so actually read as a great
singer and just dumps all over I'm
turning it to laughs I can hear it in my
voice don't lie thank you my new face is
dying he's dying
some fan fictions between the both of us
ooh and there's not many tell me to
write some spicy will act I will throw
on write a few so I can have them for my
challenge yeah
I will full-on like scripted costumes
yeah like I willfully predestined yeah
write fanfictions is the officials an
excuse for us to like have to kiss
honestly it's about really tastes like
you said you shall
but I didn't well things got a little
spicy things got a little spicy
something yeah we're going on a field
trip field trip field trip field back no
no stop you don't know where we're going
but we know where we're going we're
taking all this equipment and the pro
can we still let down on that horn music
when Ariel just plays Tetris in real
life this is a beautiful beautiful about
to get a don't massage cuz my neck needs
this issue real talk though I need to
marry my masseuse he is just so
attentive paced such good attention to
detail heats me in all the right places
and he is such a good memories like also
tell me about all the production so you
have going on and I'm like Martha go
boom just let me put ariane that is real
quick I feel a hundred times better
after the massage you spread to me just
oh I feel rejuvenated I feel strong and
you know what thank you at Central thank
you that's right let's see how we did
today
good luck literally when you watching
this I'm gonna be on a plane head into a
tropical destination which according to
my app is gonna be cold and rainy and
I'm like of course that is my luck every
time I go anywhere else with beautiful
and sunny they're like now now we gonna
make it cold and rainy for you Lilly but
we'll see what happens I'm excited for
you join the adventure telling if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe awful you'll be proud to know
you know I did cleaner egg did you I
took a cup of ginger tea you know I hate
tea and coffee but I drank a cup of
ginger tree cuz I like your my stomach
feel kind of woozy I need to start doing
this take care of my body so I've been
drinking water today and drinking ginger
tea Who am I unrecognizable I basically
have a six-pack you're on my level
