I feel like crap not physically or
anything I'm gonna filtering a little
bit but that's not it it's Friday it's
Thursday I should not release a video
and you know I hate doing that I had
seven meetings so when I say seven I'm
not exaggerating I mean seven meetings
esterday back-to-back meetings and then
I went to eat because I was starving
when I came home I was like no we're
gonna do it gonna do it and never before
have I experienced myself following the
sleep or randomly doesn't a laptop I
don't know what happened I would wake up
on my laptop that freak freak no then I
think of a video idea and forget it
because I keep falling asleep and I do
is just keep waking up and be like what
happened what happened
so I finally TK out or like what I am
being like I can't do this my brain is
obviously too tired felt like crap about
it because at the meeting I was like no
I'm gonna go make a video I was so about
it and I thought I was gonna do it and I
misread myself I don't often do that but
I misread myself and I couldn't talk
myself into doing it and that's okay
sometimes I'm I feel like I'm really
gonna talk to myself into things I
couldn't do yesterday I feel bad about
it I'm gonna make up for today I have
two meetings straight from the meetings
I'm going straight to the airport so
I'll take my suitcase to the meetings
I'm gonna read a bunch of scripts have
to read on the plane I will sleep for
like an hour to underplay them telling
myself to leave have to read the scripts
you have to and then I'll and there's a
WME Oscars party thing which I'm going
to so I gotta get ready to really cook
we can go to that so we're gonna make up
for it by vlogging today by doing a
bunch of things also I didn't vlog
yesterday because like I said I was
back-to-back seven meetings in Rome I
can't tell you about any of them but I
did release a special 82 UI video to
replace that vlog so there still is
something so you can check that out I'll
link to it as well at the end but let's
go to this meeting so ladies stop if you
can relate doing your makeup an early in
the morning or your tires are the worst
type of torture pain when you do your
mascara and your eyes like red and so
doing it also we're are the last two
meetings as for the statue and dinosaur
riding fingers crossed I think it's
gonna happen us yeah I think who else TV
cast I imagine my hair is a statue
PewDiePie
I mean yeah I guess PewDiePie would
deserve a statue
my beautify here I was telling so like I
feel horrible when I'm posting a video
now I'm gonna just feel bad with myself
so next three hours
but there's popcorn so that's good so
Ike I'm tired
these are the series of events that are
happy all right
one meeting down one more to go I have
this new thing where I love a dream -
are you still drink hot water honey but
now it's like my thing because I don't
forget your coffee there's just like a
warm thing so now it's like my thing
every time I've a meeting or every day I
might just have hot water and honey
because like Suze the thrill makes me
feel good inside that's the new thing
honey hot water let go without one we're
meeting all of our stuff is in the
corner and then we're flying I'm excited
with this WMA party tonight because it's
for the nominees of the Oscars that RWE
client so the poem will really a lot of
cool people there I'll be honest I don't
know how much you're gonna vlog because
in settings like that it's like a
private residential address like you
don't want to be the person saying hey
I'm here because like other people don't
want to be like documented they're like
on their days off especially when
they're people in the public eye already
like singers and actors night shows you
don't want to invade that space I don't
know how much I'll vlog but it'll be fun
it's like sitting come with me spike is
very tired
we were both are also starving is
there's not some snacks you know the
bars amazing I feel like when do you get
a statue but again this plane and then
it was Sarah's landing one hour after
mooch is so strange why does all my
flake so strange then we get ready for
dwe party I think I'm just more the
exact same power suit I wore in
following because I have nothing to wear
and I could do not care put some wheels
on tried to my hair a little bit funky
cut it be thrown some winged liner cut
it it'd be bra I mean yay me yay whoo I
got a window seat I switched it but it
doesn't recline I'm like it's okay I
don't care for a client's I'll take the
window seat I don't really sleep um the
challenge of eating healthy continues
the airport the two options close to my
gate are McDonald's and Dunkin donut
those are literally the only two food
options
this is why I can never have that this
is why this house I think due the fact
that you know I don't work out as I
should but this is why this is why
Dunkin Donuts McDonald's we've done
which ones still got breakfast let's see
that you'll just see that we're heading
back
I really feel bad my blog in debates
like this position opined all day but I
hope you don't mind and if you just like
a calm below to care like I feel bad
about it cuz more like I'm on a plane
for six hours and I'm not gonna vlog and
since that was gonna be like so but when
we land ho please parties dope hopefully
I can vlog some part of it my eyes
looking real good right now I should
make my list conversation why I picked
McDonald's because okay there was what
can we be honest there was lovely side
salads but was a cold salad for
breakfast like babies or something
random
I'm a bad person writing back my god I'm
so happy to be back in the sunshine and
early humans
great news we landed an hour early so I
have me more time to have a distressful
free time to get ready
got some good sleep good rest feel
refresh the sun is shining we're still
uh gladdening back in California eleven
awesome all good things
hell yeah I'm not gonna lie landing back
Valley it makes me really happy every
single time I'm just so controlled by
suddenly when he feels suddenly like I
literally feel like I have no problems
the greatest thing and that doesn't go
away it's not gone away yeah yeah I just
love stuff like I'm so happy from within
right now
also I'm using large Simpson's hair all
right it's 449 that stairs I pick me up
at 7:30 s about two and a half hours
more than two half hours it's just much
more than I expected
everything's working out great I just
got an email saying I have an audition
tomorrow morning I'm like of course I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna try my best but
Saturday tomorrow and usually the
weekends I don't like the industry shuts
down and I was like am I gonna party
tonight I'm ordering some cosmos my
sleep it on my experience stuff like I
don't really do weekend browsing my do
weekend edition tomorrow morning it's
fine we're gonna do it but I was just
like honest it's okay there's no such
things as weekend's when you got the
hustle but I'm just saying I'm hungry
I'm gonna go downstairs this new like
Whole Foods Trader Joe's type healthy
store open right downstairs my buildings
I'm gonna get some food and then take a
shot and then get ready leisurely might
even curl my hair I talk so much crap
you know don't take a nap know I
suffered the plane I'm tired at all miss
hope all right so just messaged Sara who
just latter and I was like hey I just
know how an addition slid into my cans
like slid into my calendar for tomorrow
morning and she's like hey we can try to
reschedule but you know I was like
listen I sent her an audio drama with
listen I'm gonna do the audition if I
gotta do the addition if I have to do
the audition you know I'm gonna do it I
wake up early I'm trying my best
memorize I'm gonna do it I'm not the
type of person that's gonna say I'm not
gonna do it but I was really excited to
go to a party on a Friday and I'm
sleeping on a Saturday because I rarely
get to do that I was so excited to be
like oh my god I can like come home and
be irresponsible like go to bed late
wake up late like I was not excited but
like if the camper scheduled that's fine
there's the thought of it being able to
be were scheduled as exciting me so much
like I could just enjoy myself at this
party wake up tomorrow whenever I want
off which I feel kind of guilty but
because yesterday I did make a video
anyways but I also remember that the
span of the last three days I've had 11
meetings back to back and I'm like
you're a human shut up Lillian signs so
at the thought of it being rescheduled
I'm very excited it might not be but
we'll see what happens let's go eat okay
no place answers is a bomb either every
single
I got this salad every time I gotta
sound like I wish I had this twitch
others dead everything got cauliflower
broccoli tofu chick peas beans sunflower
seeds I love some flour seasoned myself
gots pretty sky lenska mushrooms got
corn got carrots got I got an ting I'm
so excited about this this could this
could be a game changer for me game
changer and just remind has my scare on
a new so the audition couldn't be
rescheduled so it is tomorrow it's fine
we're not gonna complain we're gonna do
it it's not a weapon so it's not dire
but I just a wake up early to memorize
it but it's okay we're not gonna
complain these opportunities were great
before
I'm gonna start getting ready that salad
was so good so so good I'm so happy with
it um I'm gonna take a shower and keep
my but you know me glue paint my body
now in the shower
the art wata and the dog soap a and the
Wawel rubber table table table table any
table table table table any table but I
need help
alright so got a little extra time so
I'm actually to curl my hair a little
bit because I don't want to put it up
and deal with the headache this is going
on we're in this about the thing I'm
wearing the same sort of style with this
top under and we're throw some heels on
I should probably call my hair drank my
hand got curling acne the other one oh
my god no she like this we like this
it's not it's like 90% good I need to
learn how to do this what is what is
happening here where to go without
curling orange is a girl so Sarah calls
reach the castle and so it's not coming
so like should we still go I'm like girl
we're going I'm standing you're ready do
my nails in my head if I make a week we
going don't don't our week this girl are
we should we still go girl let's get
over here pick me up cuz we going uh-huh
I'm just drinking by myself waiting for
my ride
this is my life right now I'm so okay
with it
I got to do
I'm sold I mean it might have one or two
people alrighty well my hair is pretty
much phrased up now but whatever Sara's
in a couple minutes away I'm not taking
my vlog on camera but I will take my
phone because it's too bulky can put it
anywhere but I will take my phone in
case I'm allowed to vlog then I vlog
something it's nothing else talk to when
I get home see that face over there and
I'm just like
someone's house okay so Big Sean is here
from or else you're LL Cool J's here
Tina Fey's here of Matt Damon's here Ben
Affleck is here so many people are here
my chill is like this is the relief it
looks like it's cool obviously I'm not
vlogging any pictures of time okay cool
but it's Matt inspirational to be the
same room so I'm like feeling it I have
no words
I just il codice lips in real life my
life is done I know they're like all
here that grown people it's chilly it
was like it's like came here in a car
and walk into this place is great holy
crap that was crazy okay I'm back home
now I did a little bit of logging on my
phone so maybe it was like that's it to
me everyone who turned there was someone
and it was like self along because you
couldn't talk to them because it wasn't
like a environment like hi I'm so the
fan it wasn't that environment was very
like professional like Wiz Khalifa was
there Leonardo DiCaprio touched my back
when you walked by B I was like don't
kill me Justin Timberlake was walking in
when I was walking out I met LL Cool J
and I like was like hey I'm talking
about how and could've made a pink
painting of him with aging a picture
with their I was like yeah I miss friend
and he was like he introduced himself to
me
I met Tyler the Creator it was just like
full of people rebel Wilson just like it
was crazy absolutely crazy and I didn't
want to leave because I was like God
knows who's gonna walk in and Selena and
Dwayne are both part W I mean I don't
think they were there though but it was
just crazy so inspirational everywhere I
looked there was I kept reading I was
like oh my god how am I here how am i
how was I invited to this but it was the
coolest thing a bar this is like normal
people walking around oh my god are you
right beside me right now they're not
DiCaprio don't kill me how are you just
standing right here don't kill me it was
insane so insane it's not even that late
is 11 27 and I'm going to wash my face
that Oedipus slob
I need to read the script for tomorrow
memorize it do all that stuff and yeah
but it was just so crazy like I met I
met LL Cool J's lips in real life just I
walked to buy a smile that I mean he's
like hi nice to meet you nose like LL
Cool J's lips I've met LL Cool J's lips
that's all everything your shiny
medicine on my face don't mind I'm gonna
go to bed today was a crazy surreal
crazy I don't even know situation like I
just gonna line by like this and figure
what the f just happened I'm going to
read the script memorize this ish wake
up tomorrow and then you know what
actually I just you know how much do I
might like do some leisure things catch
up on some work of course like do some
leisure things that's what's up - what's
up he's back in LA back on the grind I'm
so glad you joined me on these crazy
experiences I have no well so I would be
telling right now if you weren't here
with me so thanks for joining me on this
journey and another date tomorrow if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
but this mini one right now actually is
because okay so thinking about in New
York to put up at Matthews yeah you read
the demos this massive strap statue and
they think since the digital spaces like
so we're taking the world that they were
gonna pick me to build itself or not
100% positive that's what that means is
that you have Lily
yeah pretty sure it's gonna be statue of
Lily it's kind of like a little nod to
the analog world yeah yeah I still world
that's what this meetings about right
now yeah
