good morning New York all right it's
tough for like two three hours of room
is hot I love it
I strategically like scoped to this
hotel to be like you know how hot does a
room get cuz you tell me the room gets
hot room and get hot hot but then I
realized the washroom door is closed so
now when I open the washroom door or
welcome to washroom
it's like Arctic right here is like
Miami upper here is like Alaska so we're
gonna have to learn how to know I'm so
tired I have a bunch of meetings today
none of which I can tell you about I'm
so sorry I know you hate hearing that
when creators tell you new people you
watch on YouTube or any people are
saying hey I'm gonna make an entire vlog
about things I can't actually tell you
about so enjoy I'm really sorry but you
know what I'll do I'll make up crap for
you today so let's start right now today
I have meetings because actually okay
between you and I they have this cool
thing going on where they think that
they found a live dinosaur and they're
looking for like three creators to ride
it and they pick me as one of them let's
get ready the stress of my life's not
big so one of them is like would jackets
wear over Blazers road blazer jacket
doesn't go I'm bad at winter jackets I'm
not good at having winter jackets I'm
horrible at it but this is the vibes I
rolled up you know boyfriend jeans with
the boyfriend boyfriend right there I
bought your jeans um I got somebody this
kicks got somebody got a white blazer
then I got this in my head and not to
lobby gumma so intense I stopped
whooping - obvious oh look who it is and
I briefly told them about the dinosaur
riding that was happening know how they
picked three creators to ride the Odin
living dinosaur oh that's right yeah
yeah yeah but this movie when right now
actually is because okay so thinking
about in New York to put up at my food
yeah you read the emails this massive
strapped statue and they fix is the
digital spaces like so we're taking the
world that they were gonna pick me to
build a cell we're not 100% positive
that's what kind of media statue of Lily
yeah pretty sure it's gonna be Statue of
lily generally
not to the analog world yeah yeah I'd
still world that's what this meetings
about right now yeah I'm sorry by the
way yes I'm mr. my violin is being
polished over there so stand by to see
if we get the test at you huh Co some
back of my hotel is still deciding on
the statue and the dinosaur writing and
stuff like that uh sir I couldn't tell
you what the meetings are but I mean the
dinosaurs the statues but very exciting
very exhausting it is like six seven
something no time is it
I can check now because about vlogging
on my phone it is seven so I'm gonna eat
because I'm starving
um and I'm going to actually try to make
a video for tomorrow today someone's at
my door hold on it was a technician to
come fix my phone because my phone
didn't work in my room and ordering room
service was like on missions had to call
the hotel for myself they transferred me
like fifteen thousand people and I know
where his phone negative just hate me
the only like the only mission option
they have on the room service menu I was
raised a mad force or problems but I'm
try to eat healthy and the only thing
they have is like a veggie burger that
doesn't sound healthy it's like full of
like things that don't sound healthy but
either way it's fine I'm really tired
I'm really hungry I'm gonna eat maybe
that's why I'm a little bit grumpy but
had great meetings today and it's also
raining outside as well as you know all
the things I don't really Joe enjoy but
I'm gonna just unwind for 30 minutes I'm
try to make a video today cuz tomorrow
actually have seven meetings and a
dinner really good because sorry
asked me if I made a video I make no
video it's 10:45 honestly for the past
like four hours I've been talking about
head to stop hurting I was even googling
like how to relieve neck tension how to
relieve shoulder tension even when I
went to the orthodontist the other day
she was like checking my jaw and neck
and she was like whoa your neck is like
rip my neck holds so much tension I know
that's common for everyone but it's like
my neck holds an extra amount of tension
where people touch it they feel it and
they get grossed out like I need to
Google some yoga poses or exercise or
whatever I can do I'm not keep saying
you but if I could just stay I know I'm
not gonna get into it because I feel
like I'm complaining and I even I feel
like I'm complaining like you travel
it's fine figure out a way to make it
work drink more water do it daily
morning stretch Italy don't complain
about crap that's in your control shut
up I had to change stuff to make my head
stop
because um it does so I did make a video
I did some emails I ate its 10:45 I have
to wake up at like 8:00 I'm actually
going to go to sleep another reason my
head might be hurting is because I had a
very topped-up sleep it wasn't a
consistent sleep even when I was getting
for my nap right now I was very like in
a in a whirlwind because I was very very
tired still so I might go to sleep and
yeah that's what I'm thinking they
filmed to figure it out yeah I think I'm
gonna go to sleep tomorrow I have sorry
it's probably wasn't very exciting blog
because I just made up crafts what most
of it oh my let me try to make it
exciting hold on we only have 30 seconds
to save the entire world because
literally there is a wave a 1d fangirls
outside that thinks they Moloch is in my
room and I mean he might be saying but
we gotta save the world here you ready
didn't I'm going to sleep and seeing
Zayn I'm coming I'm gonna get to bed
thank you for joining me on this
ridiculous day tomorrow I should have
seven meetings and this video day I'm
gonna try it I'm actually pobably not go
to dinner I did her scheduled I'm
probably not go suck into my video and
I'm supposed to meet up with Jay Sean
for a bit but I don't doesn't happen
either
maybe others have to meet up in LA I
don't know we'll see but tomorrow's
another day because I may or may not
block because they don't like modern
what I can't tell you stuff so I might
not walk tomorrow see I'm sorry that
those those nauseous burps are coming
there with my agree and I feel like
throwing up also these pressure points
besides like stabbing them do you know
how to stretch these areas out let me
know comment below comment all of you
suffer from headaches and migraines
because they're neck and shoulder
tension - how you believe it please tell
me I would be grateful extremely
grateful if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
you
