Oh what that's 5:30 a.m. hair and makeup
all right these are the vibes just got
this pull that up yeah what tell me what
are you talking about my tights thing
and it's not my type thing it's my tummy
um laughter ooh
it is like full-on snowing right now it
is like a legit it's legit winter right
now okay so let's talk about how
Mashtots lying although he had to come
to my premiere and he didn't even know
if he was gonna get through customs
because if you had the proper paperwork
he took the risking game anyways it just
landed and basically now we're getting
married in Toronto and stuff Marsh I was
in a culture where that's really sweet
I'm very flattered cuz he said it him
and his team was like hey I will come
when I was like you're just saying that
they actually came I'm very happy you
know he's gonna hate this
whatever all this on YouTube I've got
all billion views will my message
resonate if I go and try it why did you
feel there was a bit of a risky oh yes I
know I mean it is a bit tricky going
from behind the screen for life audience
OHS and that says it's challenging
because I can't edit over the stage okay
I'm back home I have a gap in the day a
three hour nap is going down I'm so
excited so excited oh that was a blessed
nap I feel so much better I am headed to
the theater now where the premiere is
happening I have a bunch of interviews
and the weather's burnt Lee really bad
so we're leaving really early let's do
this I'm gonna do a whole bunch
interviews oh goody
and this is blend studios did oh my god
my phone did something yes I did my
makeup is my mom okay it essentially is
my mom's premiere right now that's
what's happening is my dad they're gonna
steal the show from me again they stole
the show in our way so I'm maturing our
half of interviews that's good well most
of my interviews I'm so excited because
cope once again making all my dreams
come true by throwing my event for me is
setting up their stuff and they're
bringing edible helium coke flavored
balloons
I'm so excited if you don't remember
coke also helped me put together my trip
to Nepal and show in Toronto now they're
helping the premier I friggin love them
and I'm just that's like from my heart
that's not Iran some like advertisement
tip like legit they always support me
and I love it and look at the stuff
they're setting up I'm so excited
yes no safety word thing so it's a very
stress free I feel a lot of work has
been done
ward this is the vibes I freaking love
it's Andy killed it blend Studios killed
it this is the vibes don't I think it's
so fun I love my hair I think it's so so
you know corn island and so fun I'm
about to walk the carpet
oh here's the better he's a better
mirror Hey don't want no one um I'm
gonna go walk the red carpet I'm so
excited all my friends in bed you're
here it's gonna be dope boat I'm so cool
H DUI the last premiere of ATT you I
enjoy the moment maybe count we're in
this together let's do it well congrats
and enjoy the night
I thought my son
boys that I'm
you done for me every day I love your
shirt oh my god shouts sqg putting this
out I will come to my house and to go
rock the harmful ones dope with that - I
was not only was i high ok night not
only with I expected what to wear I
worked at how not to wear it I was done
eating I mean I wouldn't mess it up I'm
very impressive during weight yeah yeah
the first time of my life in my life I
see how my wearing jeans no I love you
might like it looks good yes I said what
you often try no your life for this I
know I just assumed I don't I don't
still like they I don't skip like I skip
all gym days not just like that yeah
this is true ok this is an edible helium
coke looking right huh
tastes like Coke I'm like horrified it's
delicious I promise
hello this is my family what you think
of it like it
good good where's BTW wheres Baby Gone
recycle okay a child is missing no easy
make a lot I can't yet abhi and he's
busy doing its drop it's cool eh
yeah I know it's not so did you like it
look at you just wait address unicorn
Island wretches yeah whoa i'ma start to
cry because I was sad in the movie very
sweet finish the movie for it it was so
sweet at the end all my friends and
family stood up and gave me a standing
ovation cloud for me the sweetest thing
ever
I'm so bummed that I phone is on 20% so
I don't know how much mile be able to
blog that was awesome that was amazing
we'll talk more about it um thank you so
much the dominie I want to draw your
attention over here
so we can hear a few words from the
ladies of the night I can't express how
important was read a party with all my
family friends and you all sent such
great things about the film I really
hope you mean them I would like I feel
like going moving working right now I
don't like that's great but tonight you
bet
everybody
natella Beth I'm home I don't know how
much of the night I actually blogged I
don't remember when my phone died um but
I'm home wash my face took my hair oh
she was so great so there was definitely
a mishap with emails 3000 fans RSVP'd
and registered to come and the theater
was half empty and I was very annoyed by
that as I wanted there to be full and
was half empty which means there was
definitely some sort of glitch in the
email system which means that all 3000
fans or and not the right amount of fans
received an email with the address and
the information I know that wasn't
definitely miss hat because some of my
friends received the link for fans and
so I know something I left up so that
was a bummer but for my friends and
family was amazing they miss standing
ovations and the after-party was so much
fun with my friends and family so as
much as I wanted to be packed I tried
not to let that bother me and I still
had a great time with after-party was so
much fun we danced all night my feet are
killing it was so much fun and I saw so
made my friends and it was the
half-empty theater thing I'm over it
doesn't bother me I just had such a good
time and it was amazing to spend time
with everyone everyone was telling how
they were so inspired and they're really
proud of mean it was just it was feel
good all around
Machel chained them all food from
Trinidad Winnie Harlow came it was just
good vibes good good vibes DJ DJ
Database killed it so much fun so I'm
gonna go to bed and get this I'm gonna
sleep in I am gonna FN sleep in I
haven't booked my flight back yet
probably gonna stay for another day or
two I'm so excited to sleep it so so
excited thank you so much for joining me
on another day our Toronto premiere is
done which means all premieres for atti
are now done
it's kind of bittersweet to be honest
but more exciting things to come um I'll
talk more tomorrow thank you so much if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe subscribe so my dad is
currently dying he was laughing so much
because you read a racist comment under
our video and he was thoroughly amused
by it what is it
this guy says huh I'm surprised you what
beer is enough snake charmers
