ah ah I know I'm not using the fish
lens I'm sorry fisheye lens I'm sorry
I'd find a memory card for that thing I
swear I'll use it tomorrow
today it's gonna be another iPhone vlog
but I had the vlogging camera so it's
happening soon I promise I'm heading to
an audition with my keys that I have to
today which I'm kind of a little bit
stressed about because I can only
memorize so many things and I want to
get mixed up so I memorized this one and
then took my brakeman memorize the other
one hoping I have enough time because I
also have an interview in the middle is
also video day a lot of things are
happening let's go yo I'm just waiting
for my ride to this audition they're
running a few minutes late so why not my
spare time and he's part time who I talk
to my boo thanks yeah I mean you know
you make me feel like this I have this
new mentality going into auditions where
I'm nervous but I'm gonna I have just
decided my life that very few things of
the maker break of my life and back in
the day I used to think that you know a
collab with someone or meeting someone
an opportunity will be the make or break
and I decided I won't ever be in that
position where one thing could be the
make or break of my life or my career or
my happiness whether it's a relationship
but it's an audition whether it's a
movie role whether it's anything not
know one thing should be the make or
break and so when I go in there like I
might get this week great if I don't go
on to the next one because nothing is a
major break and it's a good mentality to
have especially when you think about
relationships like I love this person so
much but you know if they leave me I'm
gonna be sad but it's not gonna destroy
my life you know I just don't want
anything to ever be the make-or-break
hug yourself every time I said make a
break make a break make or break make a
break this girls looking at me so make a
break when security wouldn't let you
through the gate and now you're late for
your audition because they did you
didn't want you to go okay so that was
not great because I was late and it was
frantic and she has her head shot and
I'd having my agent Royce and the
headshot so I usually don't have to talk
or take one and it was just the vibe was
very rushed and very aggressive and
tried my best and you know what it's
okay learning experience it's okay the
worst that happens you did horrible and
that's okay you'll do horrible and many
more and I've decided that one day I'm
gonna get apart
and I'm gonna deserve it not just
because I did well in the audition but
because I didn't effing pass the FL and
all the other dishes different tech
because our building our way up but now
I've an interview that I'm late for and
then I have an audition which I will
inevitably have less time to prepare for
but it's okay because this is what's
gonna happen this is gonna happen
hello this could happen your interview
interview don't even remember eyes your
lines you're gonna go to your dish in'
because what happens your try our best
you can come home you're gonna write a
video you shoot a video
you're gonna edit a video you're gonna
release the video at the end of the
night after you work so so so hard
you're gonna get a massage are you ready
let's do it as soon as you take a deep
breath okay so I'm back home my
interview also went late and I got about
an hour and a half to memorize a lot of
pages so I'm gonna get to that and also
eat at some point cuz I'm starving also
why why lolly why Oh
Ronnie I'm headed to my second audition
I got my hair in a ponytail even though
it kills to make myself seem a little
younger cuz the character is a little
bit younger learning the tricks of the
trade I got this little bead thing on -
because she supposed to be free-spirited
this is a Rafiki bracelet from free the
children me to be right here let's just
you know what let's just do it let's
have fun let's go but let's just do it
let's go okay that annoying moment when
I memorized pages and pages and three
scenes and I only had to memorize the
first one that's Pleasant whoa
that one went a little bit better I
think this role is a bit more me oh yeah
I memorized so much and then the girls
like only only seen one I was like
should double-check triple-check but
usually I'm told we've seen some
memorize I memorized like literally four
times but I had to memorize but
stressing out anyway it's done
I survived both of them it's great now
we're gonna go home we are going to
write shoot edit and release the video
as we said be one that's gonna happen
where is my ride
JK I forgot I had a meeting I've a
meeting right now I'm not going wait
time what was going on I went you're you
because I'm not going home I'm not no of
course not going to meeting let's go
done let's go home and work on a video
I'm home from here after someone killed
it alright finally home Oh
JK managed to manage to do Oh
roadies the time of six or six I haven't
made a video yet but I've did a whole
bunch other work I had to do that was
time-sensitive
wait I forgot to do that one thing and
no stop the one thing when you wonder
two things first of all let's look at
the shelf and how sturdy it is remember
how you used to be a leaning hot mess
not anymore cuz Dada came and fixed it
my dad came to fix it all so let's just
read this magazine Oh quick hole up
well I pull up pull up pull up pull up
where's this in magazine right oh oh oh
snap oh oh snap
so the awesomesauce girl that made the
art in my washroom that's her and this
is a wonder girl who makes beats for
like jay-z nation and that's that's your
girl right there
l Canada shoot remember the one I flew
home for let me just show you my ish
inside real quick just tell you what we
talked about magazine I'm a magazine you
an amazing I ain't no way I'm an amazing
I ain't really sure my men does no one's
taking way longer than anticipated I
probably should had this prep what do
you mean I have this bro I didn't know
magazine for you lolly lolly hold on oh
oh why oh my god you see you there sorry
I was just reading this magazine right
here I just I just you know you know
that's the what anyway but who's this
what is a who's this girl the new way
nany
thing what's going on here record lilies
or Lily sing oh oh oh okay my bad of
course on one of my longest days I
decided to make one of the most
difficult videos rolled out a whole
script with skits that requires me to
dress up as like four different people
one of those old-school videos that I
haven't done for a while all my family
members and stuff because it is 7:30 and
I booked myself massage for 11 so lucky
oh I'm gonna use all the time of two
eleven to make this happen so I'm
thinking T hour-and-a-half to shoot make
it until 9:00 and then maybe an hour and
an hour and have to edit and then 30
mins to upload that's what I'm thinking
but let's do it alrighty I'm shooting
all the scenes as Lily and I even went
to the effort of doing my hair I'm going
for the home run with this video the
home run bra new connectin playing an
uncle this is like one of my favorite
things to do and say what can make this
character look like I got different
color hair got a snapback with a dress
shirt think of something like really
ugly sideburns I don't match the color
of the hair like this stuff gives me
life I love it's my favorite thing to do
I'm talking about they sound like Elvis
or like Hrithik Roshan type ask issue
right here like that I like time to edit
be smoke strapping oh yeah everything
doing you I push my massage 30 I pushed
my massage 30 minutes because I wasn't
done editing yet and that be yeah my
masseuse was able to adjust so that's
cool um I love this video I think it's
so so so so so good I really really like
it and I put a lot of effort into it
so I hope you like it if you want to
check it also in my main channel it's
the difference between parents and kids
but really the similarities penis the
link to my main channel is right over
then if you don't not make me channel
videos every Monday and Thursday link in
the description so I'm gonna fish edit
have exactly 30 minutes I gotta wash all
this off because my masseuse shows up
I'm like this that might be a little bit
weird
oh no but just only I'll bet where my
take a shower do this and then I just
remember that actually to read an entire
script for tomorrow's audition so I can
do that in bed though because I do
deserve this audition I
do desserts massage and they work very
hard for it and I complex lot today and
did everything I said I was gonna do it
and I get to enjoy this massage that
massage feeling like now I have to read
an entire script and then added this log
from ER
all right so ever audition tomorrow
morning you know so I have a meeting
tomorrow morning and then an audition
and then an appointment and then a
meeting I don't remember
two meetings an additional an
appointment then tomorrow night at
flight to New York before the audition
they want me to audition for three
separate roles means that remember
scenes for all three of these different
characters I'm gonna edit this vlog and
read that whole script it's a 180 and
hopefully go to bed I 3 a.m. is my
bedtime then I'm gonna wake up at like
8:45 so not that bad but that's going on
thank you for joining me on another day
and I hope you understood Pender's day
and yo onwards and upwards we did it we
did everything we said we're gonna do
and tomorrow we'll do the exact same
thing if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe subscribe
this almost Mila Kunis and Christina
Applegate new movie it's called bad moms
and I have a small tooth honey cameo but
I'm really excited because I get to act
alongside Christina Applegate were so
huge she's so nice Mila Kunis just came
out to me as I do I need food with my
husband remember how food on good ashton
kutcher couldn't tell you well I ever
obviously
