good morning New Orleans course the day
I need to shoot this big thing a small
part in a big thing I have woken up sick
and my voice is all effed up my throat
kills and I knew this was gonna happen
because yesterday every single person
around me was sick and now I am sick
just my throat so I'm gonna need to get
some like hulls or lozenge or something
but secret project day I don't know how
much of it I can vlog I'm still waiting
on the confirmation to tell you about it
which is a little bit irritating to me
but we're headed it's 8:30 8:20 actually
and we're headed to set and I sound
great this is gonna be great
sue me no stop please stop change your
mentality and go you try your best have
fun learn as much as you can
it's gonna get it's gonna be it let's do
it let's do it all right so like years
ago I vlogged when I was in the first
chiller of my first movie and I had this
little vlog where I was like it's the
first trailer of your first movie and
you're gonna do it again and sign the
contract it's a really small role also
the code up my nose wrinkle
it's like I've never even had a nose
ring what nose ring my mom would be so
happy all right so it's 2 o'clock p.m.
I'm back in my room
rocked up on set I don't know what this
vlogs gonna be because I've logged some
parts where I tell you information just
to see if I can post a resident doesn't
look like I can and so like it's a big
secret of thing I'm sorry you know I was
on set it's very exciting and very very
cool and as soon as I can tell you I
promise I'll tell you I mean I have the
rest of the date of the day here in New
Orleans I just also asked Superman live
so we're gonna do that but this is my
view right now it's pretty
I like I like a lot but I'm gonna order
some food I might even take a nap
because like y'all got the rest a day
free ask Superman live nap eat some food
go to the gym maybe I'm excited I'm
excited about this yeah
all right so the hour and half left
until a sleepover live and I just
googled somewhere nearby food just
walking around New Orleans which is
beautiful by the way absolutely
beautiful um and I just found a
Fuddruckers nearby I know if you don't
remember Fuddruckers first time everyone
to Texas I tried a burger a veggie
burger Fuddruckers and was the best
thing I've ever had and I'm really happy
you can't be sitting here literally that
will make my Valentine which my way I
forgot it was Valentine's Day so happy
Valentine's Day I just like tweeted like
it's today that day people do that love
thing it was that tomorrow I I'm not
gonna lie a little bit I don't mean to
be bitter but I think Valentine's Day is
absolutely ridiculous
I think it's so ridiculous and totally
made up and I'm sorry I'm sorry if you
everyone's different it's fine I just
think it's a bit like you need a day the
show I think is just like a scam to like
buy things casino besides take my nose
workout for scene and I knew I forgot I
would forget to put back in and I did
and it's in the change room in place so
having a new nose right now finding a
nose ring that like is the one so
difficult to do Goff odd Rutgers very
excited I love me some Fuddruckers also
that's real quick I want a quick thing
right now
and when I say this please don't take it
as arrogant please don't take it as
cocky I'm just literally being real I
feel like people are very nice to me
anytime people complain about la drivers
or like people in LA or like people in
certain places or like people in the
industry I can never relate I'm always
like I think everyone's really nice and
I've just noticed I'm the type of person
where like I walk places and people will
smile or people start conversation with
me I don't know why I don't know if it's
manage your vibe and I get I don't me
just come across arrogant and I think
what it is is that the simple thing of
just smiling I am very smiley person so
when I'm walking I'm like you know I say
hi to people and I start conversations
and I feel like that's very much so
reciprocated in my atmosphere and
and in that sense karma really does
exist because like I said every effort
going to an elevator the person always
starts conversation with me always
complement something and I Stella
Stevens like always because they were
super own they probably know who I know
not everyone knows who I am a lot of
people don't know why I'm very few
people know who have I think it's just
like the energy you send out gets
returned to you and so many times when
people I talk to can't relate and I'm
just like maybe you don't send out a
welcoming energy but I just one point
out because even here New Orleans I've
never been here walking down the street
people are smiling at me the for
Drucker's ago started conversations just
fo just very very kind to me and I'm
very fortunate for that but I feel like
it's because of the energy you put up
imma shut up now anyway veggie burger
but just a little food for thought that
you know you are you will will receive
what you put out into the universe so
I'm gonna eat these fries now with some
cheesy sauce so ho good burger so good
happy Valentine's Day baby I love you so
much it's so damn pie mmm that's right
I'm gonna get involved with you again in
a little bit all right round two
uh-huh you know I hated like fake things
fake Jean pockets look at this desk this
these aren't drawers these are just
designed why would they why would the
desk F drawers that's stupid yeah so
dumb how would I have them drop you
should probably get ready for of course
the Wi-Fi didn't cooperate my life still
got cut short didn't work I'd repair
scopa for a bit that didn't work out
well either and I'm doing Q&A on Twitter
to make up for it but I'm really annoyed
at this because it's the anniversary of
a supermoon live and I wanted to be a
good one so I'm gonna make up for it by
maybe doing it tomorrow I'm going take a
nap soon because I am very tired and
usually when I'm tired I can't sleep
right now I can so like even if I'm not
super tired I'm on a little bit tired
I'm gonna take advantage of this
movement I'm gonna take a nap now I go
shopping I like I have a little bit of a
leisure day I mean I have mad
emails to do but like a sweet five I can
do them later I'm kind of like loving
this moment right now I think this is
the the kind of break I needed Micro
shopping there's a mall right across the
street
see if they have a forever or something
um but yeah that's the plan just took
several hours of a nap clearly and it
was glorious glorious I tell you I wash
my face and get to work it's like 9:30
10:00 I'm gonna order some food I got it
what do it even I have my pick it was at
4:00 a.m. so we're heading home to
Toronto and I settled my livestream well
actually I just tweeted out and
facebooked out a link for all my Toronto
unicorns I would like to come to the
premiere so a few live in Toronto and
want to do that check out my facebook my
Twitter and my Instagram I look like a
crazy person I look like a crazy person
the time is 1:18 the cars coming to pick
me up at 4:30 and my flights kind of
annoying cuz I have a stopover I don't
know why I do buts like two hours
stopover one and a half hours so I won't
get any proper sleep on the plane
something about sleeping for the next
three hours don't know if I'm gonna post
this vlog because I don't know if it's
gonna be good without me actually
telling you what I did today that's kind
of annoying some debating flashes like
save it or not I no clue I don't know
help me happy night I'm a weirdo I'm a
huge weirdo I am flying back to Toronto
in a few hours it is minus 30 Celsius is
very very very cool thank God I packed
my boots so I need to prep for that and
a whole bunch of things are happening I
gotta prep for the premiere you define
an outfit for that I need to make sure
all the invites are on point I just like
all tomorrow's video day a lot of things
to be done but that's okay I wouldn't
have any other way I am so grateful for
today and I hate talking about it
because you don't know what it is but
I'm just very grateful for all the
experiences I'm having and I can't wait
till I can tell you about it thank you
so much for joining me on another day
I'm going to go to bed and then we're
gonna go home like two three days
I was exhausting if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe yo if
you like it subscribe yeah um but I
wanted to talk to my feels for a second
because a lot of the things I'm doing in
life are really scary acting auditions
all these things I'm not the most
experienced
