every day I just wake up more and more
sick I this Idol is a wat why it's
because I keep going back and forth
climates and every morning I'm sick I'm
fine during the day every night I'm sick
I take medicines nothing works I don't
want to be sick in the morning every
morning I want to start with wake fresh
I'm heading to an appointment I'm gonna
go visit Rick lend this evening as
Sandy's birthday celebration I don't
have a card anymore so I have to I
didn't tell my dad I'd be the Jeep's an
object my mom's car she drives in
Mercedes and I don't want to drive this
car because that horrifies me I don't
want to drive someone else's expensive
car but what we hold here we are and I'm
doing it so and I just can't wait to go
back to LA I love Toronto but like I
can't have my body going back and forth
like visit um you want to go back to LA
Melissa for two days I go back to New
York I just can't wait don't remember
that time I moved to LA but remember
there I just can't wait to be the one
climate prologue time I really really
cannot wait
but there's boogers in my nose and we
need to go let's go I'm not gonna lie
it's a very sunny day here in Toronto um
whether it's actually very nice time
with my window for a little bit all the
snow is melting I am at Rick's pop-up
shop when to jump in and get some
samosas I don't want to see before I
left because I haven't spent any good
quality time with Rick and Jodi yet so
did I go do that and my digital book is
my nose and I still need to deal with
this mustache honestly this is gone your
to-do list
oh you know I'm just Churchill my BAE's
my BAE's basically my sad to Somoza have
a third when I'm gonna roast my
cheesecake samosa
like this Rustom like cheesecake you
heard it right rest of my life
cheesecake so you guys still gonna be
here everyone days you guys you
Saturdays how's Joe
Saturdays 12 to 3 top of three army Papa
but follow Rick's follow Rick stuff
Rick's good eats oh yeah cuz we're we're
opening up our own place dude yeah you
heard it here oh we're gonna thar's just
kidding it's Rick Mercer I'm a bad
friend it's Rick Mathare who is it
Instagram and that's where I found it
cuz he was like ooh let me know the
address I'm like boy I follow you on
Instagram I know what is this devour
this it's a Russell Malay cheese look my
friend this is my brother right here my
brother Joe Sestak a guy like this guy I
just come from India acting so hard on
his samosa hustle bro thank you thank
you
I'm so excited yeah I'm gonna make her
selling I'm pregnant woman okay I have
I'm four months ha ha ha
samosa baby pop it out doesn't matter
Moses named after me yo there's gonna be
what do you want like what do you want
to name it but I don't know where -
Muslim Oh unicorn SMO so it's gonna be
us so I made a cheesy bean burrito one
which is really good okay and I thought
about you on that one but I'm like I
could add some like you know sofrito
style uh-huh so we're still working on
that or we have a mac and cheese one I
knew about mac and cheese good might do
like a unicorn mac and cheese but I
don't know what what should we we should
ask your your you know mac and cheese
was like rainbow food coloring in it so
I was like a rainbow mac and cheese I
got like a cloud of rainbow mac and
cheese that's amazing
all right we're gonna thing with that
but those know what flavor you guys
comment below with some some other
flavors yeah yeah let us know it by eye
okay I look like a nine year olds
confused schoolboy with a mustache
coming in because he just hit puberty
um I was totally like hours ago but I
just stayed back in that conversation
brow because I'm in season so long I
love catching up with them um so now I'm
very late another drift I mean brampton
so like I'm over here in the city I
Drive all the way back here just to
change you get riding the drive all the
way back here why did I just bring my
clothes over here yeah right here why
because I'm stupid
that's why because I'm a stupid stupid
person stop but I'm here and his name is
a Jeep aaaa
and you're happy and you know it clap
your hands
god damn it you happy and you know it
clap your hands
boom boom if you're happy and you know
it and you really wanna show it if
you're happy and you know it clap your
hands
why are you doing it to me why are you
doing to me mom my mom is making me
pancakes even though has had 7,000
samosas I feel sick now I got home and I
instantly feel sick my head is hurting
till today I'm gonna be a little bit
neighbors that late cousin take a nap
I feel sick again my sister's here why
is your hair looking so fabulous regular
cuz I just didn't wash it mister for me
so it's nice and wavy actually no no I
have a thumb indriya dimension remember
but I have a thumb injury it's really
ridiculous it's so like cheesy but like
I've got like I have some cut behind my
thumb and the thumb nail polish like I
can't I can't open the kids car seats I
can't do any on basically useless and so
I didn't that I can wash my hair because
like you're basically crippled I'm
basically crap I don't I feel so
annoying complaining was it was moving
but yeah it's affecting my life majorly
wasn't it's really better you sound
annoying - I know but you know what you
need a snap you're the most annoying kid
in the world
biddies not feeling well today look at
your screen and iPhone campus
yeah this is this is this is poopoo
his name is poopoo right no you really
nothing who he says people for
everything
Oh al boo-boo a pollutant and out boo
boo boo boo boo ball
yeah boo boo boo boo boo boo put in your
pee
Lily mom you got a gift for the kids a
nice purple was like I got a gift for
you guys that's right
oh you're excited Manny won't talk to me
up Oh get out of here this guy get this
guy calm down calm down
kiddos this is that notebook they're
like where's the gift where's the car
this sucks
skittles
that's all I can taste my skills
wear your hat tear was you have a
present you'll represent is it made a
bumblebee summer it let me another thing
and one more is in every vlog I'm
wearing a cardboard is still in
cardboard why ed is just flat from
theirs yeah then I'm gonna wear this and
look at me I know what a snapback is yo
I had to google it last time
amazing I know this one's gonna fit but
behind Google what do we what says it I
don't know it won't be me what he think
you're tall how dare you you to tell
what she's saying you're too fat you
know to at all I was too tall for the
onesie you were just over the onesie for
some of them you like might be told
okay calm down you took a 30-minute mat
nap woke up I still feel sick but I'm
gonna head to Sandy's thing it's 30
minutes away just mad casual because I
don't feel well
I really am astonished to hear it is I
know I like mentioned this before I'm
not complaining about traveling I love
it it's part of my job I'm so grateful
it's just the lack of consistency like I
can't just call my massage shop people
that know all the places that will
always hurt me because they don't have
it here
I just wish there was some element of
consistency or like my body physically
wouldn't shut down because of constant
changes that each like figure it out
what this like food
mealtimes I have no idea I have no idea
but we're headed to Boston Pizza which
is actually my favorite restaurant here
so
like she's not shitty while shitty
lighten up waiting my hair hi no no me
miss bad you miss oh every time just
like worried I'm today yeah yeah holy
audition with oh my god yeah when she
first audition cherishes without here
yeah youkai so froze back is that insane
yeah hi what's up with Sun ninety
percent of us are sick and it's gross
there's boogers in my nose
yeah chase is also on his way
I think that's gonna sit on the floor
over there hi my name is Lily and I
can't stop my head from hurting I can't
I just I could stop hurting ah I just
came back it is 1:00 a.m. what is on my
screen it is 1:00 a.m. we had dinner and
that I had like a one-and-a-half hour 1
hour conversation in my car with Chase
um I'm thinking we'll wash my hair
simply so I can massage my scalp in the
shower like my head just keeps hurting
out in order to people lacking water or
something I don't know and then I got a
pack and then in about four hours I'm
heading to the airport to go back to LA
so that's what's happening I deal with
all that I'm gonna wash my hair first or
shave my head off I don't think I'll
solve anything but I'll shave my head
off the hair I mean not match what I'm
adding sure I just don't know what's
wrong with this side of my face like
it's been broken out for like months
months and was new pimples keep forming
over and over again it's like I don't
know what what the issue is here
everywhere else is like decent it's just
this area right here
I don't like someone's baking a cake in
there and it was going on um it is 2
a.m. I have to leave the airport at 5:45
so I'm going to edit this vlog go to
sleep tomorrow we are heading well today
we're heading back to LA back to the
sunshine but away from my friends and
family again and like I said I don't
know what I'm going back so I give a
long hug to everyone and we'll see where
life takes us we're leaving the room
again ah but we're in this together
this is gonna be bittersweet every
single time bar in this together
back tally we go laga if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
like/subscribe yeah I thought everyone
to know right now I'm having a family
scenario at this exact situation is
gonna be recreated into a video like
word-for-word what is happening right
now he's gonna be yeah it went through
mine these two uncles this exact
situations we recreated so what you know
what video comes out where it came from
is this exact moment
