I just wake up every morning sick every
morning ever sore throat and Stefan
doesn't what when did what it is I
didn't vlog yesterday I had a migraine
all day yesterday really like the whole
day I had to wake up really early to do
some travel prep stuff and I came back
and took a nap and then after that I had
a splitting migraine the whole day I
couldn't do any work so I didn't vlog so
I apologize for missing yesterday but
today is Friday I posted a video
yesterday as a motivational video about
how to get work done if you wanna check
it out the link is in write in the
description to my main channel I'm like
still half asleep it's 1 p.m. whatever
today I have a bunch of family coming
over I also need to tape some auditions
and stuff that I need to do because I'm
not in LA right now and then tomorrow is
Sandy's birthday party and then the next
day I am leaving and Santa just like my
picture but yes that is the plan right
now I should probably brush my teeth can
I just say that I understand why the
entertainment industry is so stressful
and hard because these auditions make me
like memorize pages and pages and
paragraphs of things I'm just like holy
crap so much memorization was good and
it's working out that muscle of my brain
and making me better at it but it's just
so much memorization was like there's
boogers in my nose and I'm getting sick
but doesn't matter because this is what
we're gonna do this is what we're gonna
really shut up shut up okay I don't want
you I don't want to hear it I want to
hear shut up
this was gonna happen you're taking
shower you know what's the Booker's from
your nose you know memorize these lines
you could record the audition with your
mom you're gonna do three of the scenes
that you need to do you're gonna do that
you're gonna do a mother effing well
okay then after that you can respond to
all the emails you don't respond to
yesterday because your hand was hurting
and then your family's gonna come over
you can get some relaxing time with the
kids
you're gonna eat some food it's gonna be
great but you're gonna get those things
done and nothing else will happen
all right after take a shower it's go go
go let go all right just go out the
shower let's memorize these lines let go
okay I finished the first scene I got
two more scenes to memorize and shoot my
mom is helping me out she's so patient
cuz I keep messing up and then she lets
me do it again sometimes she messes up
and have to like highlight which words
no we forgot how to pronounce words
together because both of us can't speak
English
uh-huh but one down toward ago also I
need to do what those most - finished -
look three one more to go
I finished all three my mom just had
such a cute moment cuz my mom reads it
out with me um and she's like I'm so
proud of you you just did so well and I
was like don't be proud of me I didn't
get the part I just auditioned she's
like still but you tried your best and
it was such a sentimental moment she
said I was proud of you because I did
was like a lot of memorization and I did
it I think like I'm getting more and
more comfortable I think out of everyone
I've done this most of my mom I'd done a
few times the notion me I have a really
hard time reading lies with people like
I get really self-conscious the only
people ever done it with is my mom and
an ocean II that's it and I got it most
with my mom so like I feel most
comfortable with her but yes sentiment
I'm gonna edit it now and hoping for the
best
I don't mind you going away you come
back come back to me this book is in my
nose again I'm hungry so I'm gonna go
eat some food my family's coming over in
a little bit look old room things don't
change mess everywhere just it's not
it's not built in a way that I can
function I'm messing my other apartment
a little bit right now and the weather
cuz I'm freezing cold but uh let's go
eat okay so it's several hours later and
I'm an absolute outrage like there's
certain things that just press all my
mother effing buttons I just outraged me
and so I saw this freakish trend
trending on hashtag trending on Twitter
and so I searched it up and I read all
about it
and in summary basically what is that
Ke$ha has filed a lawsuit against one of
the producers at Sony and called dr.
Luke Everly because he sexually
assaulted her and has been like verbally
abusive to her and she's contracted to
make six more albums with him and with
Sony and Jade the judge decided there's
not enough proof and that she still
needs to make records with him and now
she wants to continue her career she has
to work with her abuser it what what
what the hell I've just been tweeting
about this and posting on Facebook
because I'm so mother of an outraged by
this like I understand like and I even
has conversation my parents and like you
know how parents I don't think an relate
any time to talk about this stuff with
parents I have a very old mentality but
you know well what about this well but I
would listen how the f are you supposed
to prove some
sexually assaulted you what I was must
have a mother from GoPro attached your
head when someone is raping you and
sexually assaulting you - how the there
needs to be a solution if there's no
method to provide a scenario where it's
not possible to have proof think of a
mother effing solution like what the f
I am so outraged as this BS and I
encourage everyone to if you have not
heard of this read up on it become aware
all I'm gonna obviously end this by
saying become aware of what is happening
and in your own beautiful unique way
change the world
be aware think critically and change the
world because there's so much BS that
happens and it's so tempting to dismiss
it as like oh well like that's the way
the world is you know the world's gonna
remain that way until people speak up
and change
so think critically become aware and
figuring in your own way changed well
it's obviously I'm so f and outraged by
this I just like walk away from Twitter
because I'm Shauna rampage right now I'm
on a rampage I can't I just tap with the
world sometimes because there's so many
times so I'm like I believe in the
humanity because you know I know there's
so many negative things than use but
there's also so many great things
humanity doesn't I still believe that
humanity does a lot of great great
things and a lot of positive things
happen and sometimes that's easy to
forget because you see negative stuff
all over the place so then things like
this happen I'm just like ah I thought
everyone to know right now I'm having a
family scenario and this exact situation
is gonna be recreated into a video like
word-for-word what is happening right
now is gonna be yeah I think we're
through Michaels this exact situations
we recreated so what you know a video
comes out where it came from is this
exact moment you just spent some time my
family I'm about to quickly and then I'm
headed to movie with chase than an ocean
II which would be nice
us three are going to go see how to be
single so funny I told my aunt am I
going to movie she's like which movie or
like how to be single she's like don't
you know how to do that I was like don't
kill me so we're sitting in the first
like a second row computer
the absolute second Rolex basically
watch it live like this we had no choice
Jace is here I know she's here no she's
sick and look at this she's changed
she's like--she's to full football for
rice I moved to LA like it happens but I
had like three plates Raisa babe
you changed you changed I am back home
now it was 1:00 a.m. we stayed back
after the movie which was hilarious by
the way the acting like Dakota Johnson
killed it
so friggin hilarious trouble Wilson you
already know I love her it was just so
hilarious
we stayed back for two hours and just
talked in part up no so nice to spend
some time with my friends and catch up
because I am gonna be leaving with 1
a.m. so tomorrow and for the fur don't
fly better this is the first time ever I
don't know what I'm coming back like
when I first moved I knew I was coming
back Christmas after Christmas I knew I
was coming back for the premiere this is
the first time I'm leaving out I don't
know when I'm coming back I have no
plans come back so a little it could be
really long I have no idea
yeah so it's great to catch up I'm gonna
do some emails then go to bed my head is
I started a heart again which is so
where's been hurting almost every day I
know if it's like the weather like the
coldness or what days I have no idea but
that's the plans tomorrow I have an
appointment in the morning and then I'm
gonna try to see Rick for a little bit
Rick and Joe and then we're going out
for Sandy's birthday which was yesterday
so that's the Splane that's the scenes
i'ma head to bed thanks so much for
joining me on another day and I hope
your day was magical and wonderful
instrument as' and if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
yeah yeah what's your favorite part of
the movie yeah
