happy Post 82 UI day listen to my voice
I've lost my voice because the after
party was so much fun it was so much fun
I woke up to like 30 text messages of
people supporting me all my YouTube
creator friends will talk more about it
I'm just so overwhelmed and I think now
that I've slept on I'm like holy crap
did that actually happen and I'm just so
over the moon and I sound like a
rhinoceros that has a flu and I just so
excited and grateful but I was excited
to sleep into our sleep intro no home at
9:30 I have another audition today the
one I did two days ago they called me
back what you don't this still doesn't
mean anything but I'll go with that
which I means I have another very
uncomfortable learning situation today
um and I'm just kind of oh I wish the
day after the premiere and the release
and also if I could like just lavender
like no you take the opportunity when it
presents itself so um I know she just
left nothing he's gonna leave in a bit
people are going back home my parents
are still here for a few days almost
literally a few days humble sandy still
here for few days Chase is still here
and then we're all going to head back
eventually further Toronto premier so
I'm very excited but first I need to
memorize like five pages of lines I need
to memorize so we're doing that first
have an audition today and today that's
Edna's video day why'd y'all think of
the movie okay so yesterday literally
every person like know exactly every
single person at the premiere keep
opportun was like yo the movie was great
amazing I love you but your parents
don't like people were talking my
parents whole time they're with the
stars of the show everyone is like your
mom is so hot your dad is so has the
repaired to the best thing they were
just there was in their struggle people
dancing there in the middle like there
were stars in the media - yeah every
single interview they did interviews you
guys
everyone stop them for introduced yeah
no one else Oh
so in Yusuf's apartment I don't know why
I think that's symbol for useless
apartment I'm memorizing this stuff
there's so much there's like paragraphs
on paragraph to memorize and memorizing
is one of my strengths I'm pretty good
at it except a very visual memory so I
like will visualize the words look like
a no one ever said I usually see the
words but this is a lot I'm tired but
we're gonna make it happen somehow
someway somehow I might somehow someway
my voice tone water and honey water and
honey
reminds me of Tor mmm delicious look at
this edge going down my mom's cooking
all types of stuff yeah it's real food
going down mad cheer up in the lilypad
everybody eating real food not fast food
this is so long the thing I for
memorizing parents edition right now and
I'm just like so nervous and terrified
but yo learning experience stepping a
compras own and people are like skyping
in to watch the auditions I've had a lot
of people watching me and I'm like
really freaking nervous about it from
like yo only good things can come of
this the worst that will happen is
you'll miserably fail but regardless of
that you'll still learn something either
way so that's good oh my god I'm
sweating so much that audition was so
hard
it was so hard cuz it was so long and
there's so many hard words and it like
one line alone was like syphilis
gonorrhea chlamydia and others are all
STDs and I hear public what the I for
auditioning for I'm is not an
infomercial for STD drugs I promise but
it was just like tough because there's a
lot of hard words so I did it twice the
first thing I did one second city twice
and in both I kind of messed up a
certain parts like I couldn't get it
perfect on either but it is really
really really long and I tried my best
and I learned new things they're all
really really nice so it's okay whether
we get it or not
which I don't think I will put I would
have a positive thoughts into the
atmosphere um it was just a really good
learning experience because I've never
gotten a callback like that experience
whatever that was so it was good cuz it
was really stressful so that means it
was good if you're sweating in you're
nervous that's good that's all good
stuff oh my god I don't even think
they'll be OC if you
it's so big but okay just just wait for
the second there's a massive pig it's
being put up on screen cover is so
massive I is - if you see
Oh
oh my dog that is oh my god it's massive
a massive its massive ah look at all
these presents I got I don't know if
they're presents that could be like
horrible horrible things go over to bind
up are you ready to see what this is I
know what this is so if you remember
there was a contest or like you who
registered to possibly win an ATT you I
pack on a gift box so I just got one to
my house this is what it looks like boom
that's what's up
all right i'ma show you what's inside
200 these were sent out people across
the world some of the people are
handpicked by me so I tried to pick all
the like team super India's and teams
remove eyes and TV super Toronto's and
team super all those I tried to make
sure they got one and let me show you
was inside
okay so first and foremost we have a you
should watch trip to unicorn Island and
then signed kissed by me remember when I
was signing those things I said you
liked it it involved a lot of cases this
is what it was this is legitimately a
kiss from me on 200 of these um yes we'd
also got we got an eighty to you I hat
oh my god
a unicorn onesie we got stickers dream
like a unicorn skittles
Oh notebook we got these pictures of me
making them and signing them and kissing
them so dope we've got popcorn offs
we've got a 82 UI coloring book come on
come on
I love it and then we got some I think
there's temporary tattoos I have it
look what I got a good I got a good I
got oh I love it
grace I love Grace's books I love her
first one as well grace and stomachs so
excited for to teach me how to be
stylish because I'm I really struggle
with it um oh my god she's so cute
she's the cutest honestly grace is the
cutest oh my god there's some good
pictures in this one like how do you not
adore how do not adore still video today
have made a video tonight I just took a
nap and now I'm eating fries delicious
ha okay my friends have convinced me to
not make a video today actually no
that's not true they reassured me I
convinced myself not to make a video my
voice is dying and I'm so sleepy and I
uploaded so much to my channel the movie
and the VR piece and so many videos on
other days of the week today that
weren't Monday and Thursday and so I
told myself it's okay but I feel bad
about because last week I was only
posted one video but I'm Monday I'm
gonna be back to it I just need to take
a moment to take it all in I hope you
don't mind and I hope that's okay and I
hope you're not mad and also humble
and Diego are leaving tomorrow and I
want to spend time with them so that's
what happened Nene and Koo is going down
Mandy is going back dead dead dead dead
thank you so much for not being mad at
me for not posting video because they
feel so I ease enough for this game I'm
gonna sleep it I'm so excited
ah fine two games here didn't react
that's our friends service you mad to
bed they're still playing what I I just
want to play two games because I want to
edit this vlog and go to sleep and get
some good like eight hours of sleep I'm
sorry again for making video I know not
to apologize I just it bothered me so
you know but yeah 24 hours last 24 hours
have been so exciting and I feel like I
still haven't told you everything about
the premiere and everything experience
but I'm sure I'll keep remembering
things I'm telling you them as they
happen but ah those also Havre I'm gonna
head to bed tomorrow have another
edition in the mornings up to memorize
this stuff right here Patsy's are
auditioning but you know I'm less and
less terrified each time of course it's
still nerve-racking but it's getting a
little bit easier and I'm getting a bit
more comfortable so that's good and
tomorrow Diego's leaving Jake not
Diego's giving humble is leaving and
armor is leaving all over school
playlist but um tomorrow I'm doing some
very exciting things and I can tell you
what yet because it's kind of exciting
where some exciting shows um yeah and
I'm gonna back thank you for joining me
another day I think this vlog is
probably really short but if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
congratulation have a great night
I think of you for your vlog Channel
okay like a mega the live reaction
consolidation yes are you ready yes are
you ready this is somebody mr. Graham
ten minutes ago Kelly
