what's happening happy 82 UI day it's
really early there's like sex say dark
outside right now and I don't know what
to do because I'm so sleepy
and it begins look who it is it's happy
and it's - how am I getting dead
and let's leave my parents the first
time is very very special
um like mom this is poppy poppy does mom
uh-huh I'm getting about to get did and
I'm kind of still sleeping but that you
guys don't mind if I sleep right
obviously I feel like a guy sleeping
I'll be like okay I'll stop
oh my god poppy Hills it down by the
white down so poppy haul it down say
Chipola the one she bought it ah it's
all happening also I did mention the
snapchat folks already on this look I
remember so unicorn Island has its own
snapchat filter today I'm so funny study
so I don't I think it's only in like
North America if you swipe there's an
actual unicorn Island filter you can use
on snapchat and that's like that's like
mad legit I'm basically a super big
adult basically mother
we's about to go do this Katie le
engineer the question of the day I'm a
little sleepy but who's to be honest
abusing because I see boosts to be a
sleepy I see the answer sleepy but I
have a break where my pills take a nap
um I wasn't gonna do this thing and
you're wearing service to also did you
hear our movies out did you did you hear
did you did you did you did you hear yes
did you did you did you the movies up
did you did you hear did you hear
and I heard did you did you
mind your business in Toronto and then
all of a sudden it was doing something
that makes you happy
amazing when your career can turn
something that really loved and what
made you decided that would be that it's
supposed to go out for water okay it is
so hot and beautiful and sunny and I
count blue this is winter I am so happy
my friends about here at this moment so
they can like be jealous of me as soon
as they go back home because this is
amazing I think - because the sign is
for shiny it's hgu idea that's why the
sun is shining down the unicorn clouds
are opening up everything is happening
it's all happening really long time so
super childhood poverty was in those
days and their close friends mentha
knees here which marks that everyone is
officially here all my friends and
family here I'm so so excited an awesome
head to the spinning now the days of
premier god I just hope this works out
because I got no other options after
this um very last minute but we're gonna
make it work this was gonna happen when
I walk in this place it's gonna go great
I'm gonna walk on be like oh my god I
didn't know why I was dressed because
it's perfect and I love this outfit so
much and we still comfortable to bus all
the lines in this outfit that's gonna
happen right now alright we're here at
Pablo alterations and um Pablo's here
being as Pablo's off everything's very
probable right now we're waiting to see
the alterations got two options right
now I'm very excited about both of them
and um we're gonna see which one we go
away mine is red one is pink and they're
both very pre Queen Queen Queen she's
nice right I'm your manager Lily quickly
you forget
honestly nothing is as powerful spring
positive lies into the atmosphere
because I love my dress em do you like
the dress it's like yes it's amazing
Pablo I love the dress I I really I feel
really confident it's really great I
like I fell falling two plates so I'll
fall I get the prize hours until the
premiere on the hours until the premiere
well it's 1:30 and I leave at 6:15 so
this is about like less than five hours
but ladies to have a dress now every
dress a dress and y'all it's kind of hot
it's alright it's a maid it's beautiful
it's got a hot it's little bit hard okay
to minus two hours and definitely to the
premiere uh I got Poppy's here to redo
the hair and Tom's here to redo the
makeup I have a nail artist coming
through my nails everything is happening
I was like guys I got it yeah and
they're also eating mac and cheese so
yeah so everything is on point
moral of the story if you want to get
the job done right you get guys to do it
how many guys will take like really
pretty
how many guys it takes an infinite
amount oh okay I might just have the
hottest friends in the entire world just
like can we take a moment can we take a
moment pause here they're nice people
oh my god everyone's a mad mad hot right
now
it's the vibes holy crap I'm about to
ten the first LA premiere ever of my
life for our first movies my head is
starting to hurt now with stress because
I wasn't stressful to have now I'm like
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god ow I'm like I'm so
frickin grateful for this thank you so
much
I am Telling myself I wouldn't enjoy the
moment I worked so hard for this and
tonight's the night to just enjoy it
so we're in this together okay so
there's so much traffic and I'm like
why's there so much traffic I need to
get to this premiere and I realized the
shot because the road is closed for my
premiere
I am the cause of the traffic right now
I am the cause we are the cause a great
cause
also I need to gather this card as soon
as I get on you to adjust my dress and
like seven to four glazes put a couple
of capo a capo a capo a cup we're here
we're here
congratulations have a great night I am
thinking for your vlog Channel okay mega
the lab reaction sorry yeah are you
ready yes are you ready this is
somebody's Instagram 10 minutes ago 10
minutes ago on Instagram this is London
Boston as you wouldn't shut up shut up
everybody happy
big day from awesome girls setting so
much I'm imposter a super one cool ships
I know what the new moon is to realize
that timing dope like don't go very well
what's gonna turn on joyless all of our
second super on the other side of the
screen and being on this journey with me
truly truly changed my life and thank
you so much without further ado I
announce a week honor to introduce you
to my first ever Asian film I hope you
enjoy a trip
yeah
totally everyone just fell asleep while
waiting for pizza and other pizza's here
Paulo is a lost cause it turned out is
real I'm an addition at one o'clock have
to memorize scenes I don't have a voice
these are the updates I don't remember
the last time I vlog ended without me
having black eyes it's gonna sit on the
toilet for a second today it was like
really damn amazing um I'm so tired
everyone was like passing around all the
place was so sad I've been on for almost
24 hours now cuz I had to wake up my
voice obviously gone it was so much fun
and so many of my youtuber friends came
out to support me which meant a lot I
look up to all of them so much and you
know how I felt with the YouTube
community I think the coolest people in
the world so that was really really
awesome
sorry for my groggy voice Lindsey in
kasi and ro and Justine where you record
outfits and I was like that type of
support just is this warm my heart um
everyone really really liked the film
and I hope if you've watched you really
liked it people genuinely like I have a
whole bunch of texts I was just like
dude that was some real ish I thought
was some real religion that's exactly
what I wanted I wanted to make a very
real raw genuine film and I think I did
that um it was just I cried in the
theater like I literally would just take
out the screen and I like tears are
streaming down my face cuz I'll just
watching it and feeling like wow I'm I
was just so proud of how I've turned my
life around and it was very evident that
film and it was so beautiful and the
support from everyone was very very
great as well and it was just a magical
memorable night that I will never forget
and I'm getting emotional even right now
talking about it thank you so much team
super for making this possible for me
how my parents come here and see that
film to premiere or something
at the Chinese Theatre like a historic
theater just so friggin cool I'm so
grateful and so lucky and ah I haven't
announced yet but I'll announce it right
now I also have a Gaetano premiere
details to come but I wouldn't have a
hometown with me much smaller not
anything like this but that's going to
happen tomorrow I have another audition
and I'm reading so no break really so
I'm gonna get to bed I'm so tired
and we'll talk more about this tomorrow
but just best day of my life one of the
best days when I thank you so much I
just gonna take me a few days process
cuz my body and brain just like nothing
happened we don't understand but we
premiered our first feature-length movie
today we're in this together furrow if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe man dude Prince here I'm gonna
pick them up right now okay so in like
our culture when some comes the first
time you get your oil like you decide
the door so like this is going down
right now
