tired elevator party yeah I'm always
complaining I'm sipping at the times I
can go to sleep
I don't it's 4:30
you
in flight which is stupid because the
travels will leave
but I guess cuz we booked so last-minute
something already emailed my team about
being like it's not happening again
it was a stopover you get on the first
flight I remember what happened now hold
on I'm so let me just remember what
happened ah yes New Orleans Airport
probably the worst Airport I've ever
experienced in my life beautiful city
horrible Airport we get there
the security line is massive it's like
hundreds of people they have one scanner
and one security line body and so it's a
whole bunch of people whose flights are
about to board and we're just like hey
can we get expressed music these
security people are literally doing
nothing like airport staff gave zero
Epps we're all about to miss our flight
usually if you're in the security line
and your flights about to board they'll
be like alright send them to the front
book everyone's flight was about to
boards were all late so for in the
security line and literally they're like
final boarding call for Atlanta I'm like
dude it's my final boarding call
at that moment finally they opened up
the security line I go I quickly go
through security I run to my gate I was
the last person to board everyone behind
me mr. flight just made him sitting on
the plane something's wrong with the
so-and-so engine that to fix it I'm
looking out flying
I'm all for safety totally fine they go
and fix it and like it's all fixed great
we're good to go
took what ten minutes no big deal but
now that we took these ten minutes they
released our runway time and we're gonna
have to stay there for 30 minutes
my lair was alone only 44 minutes so now
I'm 40 minutes late land my connections
delay 20 minutes look amazing I'm
running of course the totally different
airport like totally different terminal
totally different side of the airport
you get on this train this train takes
seven hundred years to get to this
terminal terminal F you get our terminal
F F okay imma speak I can't speak I'm
surprised I get out of terminal F of
course my gate is the furthest possible
gate I'm like writing is this one like
huffing and puffing and I have no
stamina to be good like running I get
their flights close it's the flight
Stratton Atlanta did you know that my
vlogs are like a repetitive series of me
listening flights I just don't
understand and I really don't mean to
sound like an ungrateful douchebag I
really don't I'm very grateful for the
opportunities I'm not trying to say I
knew first-class and I need all these
things of direct flights because I'm
like a diva I'm saying it because I
already don't sleep to begin with and I
already have a million things to do I'm
being stranded airports just adds to
that stress I'm necessarily been so
easily avoided if the site was booked in
advance and it wouldn't have been a
stopover I'm stranded Atlanta don't know
why I do not getting home the next item
on standby for is in several hours and
that's if I get on that flight just so
I'm just like the most annoying part of
my job for sure being stuck in airports
because delayed flights and all that
stuff and the lack of concern airport
staff has for these situations like I'm
gonna go eat I'm gonna eat food I don't
just a waste of my time
I'm sorry I'm being bitter all sides of
food there's a side of it Lily side I
finally got in a fight finally landed up
in Toronto
I'm so tired I'm so cranky I'm so sorry
because I don't like to be negative like
this but I'm being negative like this
and I'm just hoping and praying oh my
bag is actually gonna come because they
don't know which light I got on and I
asked the guy I'm like if I get on this
size my bag gonna gunfighters it yeah
yeah your bag will go and like how will
they know we're gonna find out if my bag
is gonna be here that moment of hope
did you see that sheer joy across my
face finally good something good is
happening I have to pee let's go pee
wanna go pee let's go people we're home
um I have had a cranky annoying day but
I'm deciding to make myself feel better
so what I'm gonna do is take a hot
shower talk to myself
regroup understand that what I put into
the atmosphere is what I'm receiving
back and because I'm big annoyed that's
why I knowing things are happening to me
so when to regroup today are also the
Grammys my commercials gonna play go
jury the Grammys and I live tweet the
Grammys I'm gonna make of you and I post
the video everything will be great
it is so cold outside it is snowing
there's snow everywhere but that doesn't
matter is my bum frozen yeah
doesn't matter if I pee will have been
icicle maybe none of these things matter
we're gonna regroup
this is my dad is currently dying he was
laughing so much because you read a
racist comment under a video and he was
thoroughly amused by it what is it
this guy sees huh I'm surprised you what
be there's enough snake charmers funny
then awkward moment my commercials
playing on during the Grammys and it's
not playing in Canada so I can't see you
know my Twitter's blowing up with
everyone lives in the u.s. because they
can see the commercial and I can't see
it in Canada Rome
time is 11:30 after wake her tomorrow at
5:30 but it's Monday and I've closed a
video I didn't post a video on Thursday
so f me I don't care I'm posting a video
I'm kind of bummed that I stayed up to
watch the Grammys and spent all this
time and I couldn't see my commercial
but it's okay because a lot of other
people
apparently was great so that's fine I'm
gonna make this video as quick as I can
and I'm getting sick again it'll tickle
in my throat because I went from hot to
cold to hot to cold hot to cold frame
freezing in my room but uh that's good
okay so the time is
12:53 I just was recording my goal is to
be in bed by 2:00
I fall so pick out an outfit I have a
day full of interviews tomorrow sandy
got this dope outfit made for my
premiere but for the interviews I have
all day tomorrow I realized that I
didn't pack and I'll fit and all so many
of my clothes are in LA
my dressy clothes at least so I'm gonna
edit this upload this was uploading
forgotten out there and hopefully get
like three hours of sleep that's the
call that's the goal here we got 150
with ten minutes to spare just released
the video I won't go to bed I gotta wake
up at 5:15 ish but a day full of
interviews the press conference and the
Toronto premiere of ATT UI with all my
friends and family it's gonna be great
I'm very excited and yeah I'm proud I
posted a video and I didn't bail that
makes me very happy
and I hope you enjoy it's about peeing
and it's very important stuff very
groundbreaking stuff in case you don't
know I make videos on my main channel
this is just my second channel I'm like
way more of a human on the other one and
check it out the link is in the
description thank you so much for
joining me on another day and the
adventure continues tomorrow if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
baby I love you so much you so damn fine
mmm that's right I'm gonna get involved
with you again in a little bit
all right round two
