if I have to be aggressive about
something I prefer to be this all snap
today's day today's the day $2 the day
do you know what date is 12 collabs and
Christmas starts today okay it's
Thanksgiving here in America which means
it's either gonna hurt the first release
or be good cuz people have nothing else
to do they're not working we'll see what
happens but the first clap of Christmas
coming up in one hour none of my team is
here we got to run a solo mission let's
do it release the first lap I know I can
do it but there's so many things that
need to happen when you release a video
from like all the proper links and
promos and posts but yo we gonna figure
it out we're gonna make it happen
I'm so excited there's literally 58
minutes yeah all right yo we've worked
so hard for today's release we have a
lot of work to do
we worked tremendously hard I'm proud of
all of you in 58 minutes it's about to
go down the biggest baddest release of
the year the most important series of
the year 12 clubs of Christmas can I get
an amen
can I get that I did y'all ready yo
Kylie ready you write you write every
day Thursday for you you ready you ready
let's do this team oh my god please let
us be a good release Karlie Kloss it is
when you op wordly meet your
ex-boyfriends new girlfriend and it's a
goddamn supermodel Karlie Kloss is so
lovely she is such a gem as you know we
had our Calvin Klein campaign together
but like we're just such a mutual fans
of each other and she was so wonderful
to work with
super 60 starting right now so let's do
it
so you know what's so funny about this
class is that Carly entered my world in
you to scoop branches she was like oh my
god like I'm nervous I don't know what
to do like Jack we didn't like I'm gonna
direct it this whole thing's made great
so she entered YouTube world in the very
next week I flew to New York for the
Calvin Klein campaign and she was there
modeling sauce like oh my god I have no
idea what to do I'm so nervous and she
was like no you're gonna be great so
it's like we both switched places in the
same week nor just the coolest thing
ever all right your submission for
today's you released the first Christmas
new super 60 did both those things kind
of emails work on 12 labs go to
friendsgiving buy some swim suits emails
just think I can do the emails but the
whole industry is essentially shut down
so no one's responding to my emails for
the next couple days but I do have a lot
of 12 collabs work to do mother
message my team knows like you I need a
professional la opini√≥n today because
Thanksgiving if I go to the mall will it
be more or less people at this time I'm
assuming last doesn't like what's
happening like Thanksgiving dinner and
some I bet no apparently Black Friday
see the Canadian I don't know these
things in the next few days the malls
are RAM for people like lined up from
5:00 a.m. in the morning and it's like
gonna take two hours enter parking lot
quote I've been told so now I'm like
Frick I saved my shopping for this week
and not realizing this was a thing
here's why I need swimsuits because this
weekend I'm going to a tropical
destination that I cannot disclose to
you right now and what Jack need new
swimsuit
oh well Amazon we gonna spend some time
together right now okay you know what
I'm just gonna say it I'm just gonna say
it hold up let me put you up here all
right so let's talk I'll make this short
and sweet
merch is coming it might not be November
is not November it'll be very early
December
you've been warned you know be know
level one merch you already know gonna
be Ishta eye quality approved and I was
very particular about you already mother
effer know that so here is your warning
we ain't on that level one tip number we
taking it higher level also I'm gonna go
ahead and say a one thing that I know is
gonna happen for sure as I'm selling one
thing that I never thought I would sell
I was always like no not doing that and
then I changed my mind when I saw
I'm selling one thing and there could be
such a limited quantity of it cuz like
you don't know what I'm talking about
I'll explain more when you actually know
but like there's one thing in particular
that is really close to my heart and I
was like y'all limited there's this many
of them because I had to pay for all of
them in advance
get ready fam don't act like I didn't
warn you this is your warning right now
your de this is your warning don't come
for me on Twitter do not come for me on
Instagram like where was the warning I'm
offended but not that this is your
warning oh I cannot wait for Carnival oh
my goodness I am headed to my sockos
house too many bunch of friends giving
she knows I'm a loner Katie and everyone
else is left so where Hendra about to be
the most nutritious meal I've had in
moving to LA thanks more nutrients than
ever before in my life today thank you
I'm gonna feel great and then back to
Anam damn whoo things number one I'm so
happy I went to friendsgiving at
masako's I was so nice to printer
inviting yeah it's just a good time item
vlog that much as I was just having a
really good time and played board games
and ate food and it was just so lovely
and all different so wonderful so I was
really fun
number two I just said humble a 5 minute
5 1 2 3 4 5 minute audio no ranting and
raving as I do so very often you should
know that like sometimes I go on Twitter
rants but if it wasn't for humble I've
gone Twitter ends a lot more because
anytime I'm feeling something passionate
about something usually social justice
thing I just like rant to humble because
home was really good at discussing ideas
and so like we can have an intelligent
conversation about it I have spoken
about this before I can't even get
everything properly and pronounce it
right but if you know anything about
this Bollywood movie situation but love
a--they I think that's they say I can't
say properly I'm sorry but that's not
the point the point is that I just want
to bring this up if you did here's a
summary of the situation there's a movie
I've researched that as this might not
be factually correct but it's along the
lines of there's a movie it is loosely
based on a historic
poem between a Hindu Queen and a Muslim
King I believe something long as I
irrelevant to the point of the movie has
gained such protests in India for many
reasons between leg we don't want to
glorify the
Vader King is Muslim and then we don't
want an intimacy between the Queen wanna
defend the honor of the Queen and minor
detail all the Queen's midriff Deepika
stomach shows and we want to maintain
the honor of the I cannot mother fathom
how you can't be upset about a movie a
movie movies designed to tell stories
not always accurate sometimes I could I
don't know you don't know either cuz no
one's seen the movie yet by the way
people are protesting people have put a
bounty on Deepika head to behead how
embedded this sexism have to be in a
culture for people to think it is okay
to associate a girl's midriff with
dishonour to the point where you want to
behead the mother of an actress playing
the role I could rant about this
literally for four more hours I don't
want to do that but I just wanted this
you know what I'm gonna promote what I
love not bash when I hate anyone that's
watching this especially young girls
because unfortunately it's nonsense
mindset affects a real girls in real
women there was nothing dishonorable
about you being comfortable with your
body
there is nothing dishonorable well
showing your stomach if you want to show
your stomach there is nothing
dishonorable about loving who you want
to love I am sure this is gonna be
heavily disliked by people of different
castes and cultures and religions and I
am okay to take that out if you want to
hate me and you think I'm a bad
influence for saying that so be it
I would like to communicate to every
young girl watching this do not make
anything make you feel like you are
dishonored or dishonorable because that
is not the case that is people trying to
control you and your body and you are in
control of your body and you are in
control of yourself and do not let
anyone else convince you differently you
know paced back and forth the car these
things enraged me so much just because
especially since starting girl there may
be a real deeper second especially since
starting girl uh many women some being
people very close to me have confided in
me and told me about horrific things
that have happened to them whether it's
sexual assault or rape or whatnot and
they all
one common thread and that is that we
never want to tell anyone oh we don't
want people to find out because it's
associated with dishonor and because no
one's gonna take us seriously
and no one's gonna listen to us well
when there's a nation that has all of
those problems but your focus as a
mother effin movie no wonder people be
like that so I just want to spread the
knowledge and love into the world to
know yo
freakin take a step back take a step
back and prioritize what actually
matters I feel for all these girls so
immensely and I just don't know what to
do with my rage right now so I'm pacing
pacing back and forth it's fine we're
basic listen it's good to be passionate
about things you believe in this is the
thing I'm passionate about and I'm
pacing or pacing calm down a little bit
I'm going to email my team see what
things and I just want to emphasize this
is not about me defending a movie or
celebrities of course in the fan of
Ranbir and Deepika but it's not about
that it's about that this affects real
women and I'm passionate about those
causes those girls young girls who are
negatively impacted by this nonsense BS
mindset deserve better than this I'm
gonna do something I don't know maybe
when the movie does release as a stand
of solidarity towards the effing
patriarchy I'm I don't know maybe I'll
rent out a theater in LA maybe I'll buy
out every seat of the theater to make
sure that that movie it's as many
possible views and ticket sales as
possible I'll see you I don't I'll think
on it but that's a lot for one day I'm
sorry I was very aggressive if I have to
be aggressive about something I prefer
should be this and not like randomly at
someone on the street and not randomly
while I'm driving cuz someone cuts me
off I prefer to be enraged about this
that's okay thanks for listening to me
griemann rant a lot of things happened
today Thanksgiving for Americans I'm not
American but I am thankful for you
listening to me I'm thankful for every
everything I'm thankful for that murmur
Church the warning came and went it came
and went and now I'm going to sleep I
just broke I went to sleep and dream
about a time where people have a brain
right then and tell them let's see how
we did
does Lily thank you so much for ever
that showed me love on the Karlie Kloss
collapse these birdies in the
descriptions on my main channel Oh show
some love you have an already next clap
clap number two is coming on Monday what
are your guesses comment below and let
me know
Antonin if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe in this last 20
seconds let's talk about some walk
things let's talk about how when you
have values yeah you heard this if you
read my book and if you see in my live
show you know I talk about having values
not hobbies that means if you believe in
something you can't stop believing it
when it's convenient which is why this
situation further enrages me because you
can't defend the honor of a queen by
disrespecting all the other queens
