it's Super Bowl Sunday I don't know that
means listen I'm Canadian I don't
nothing about a lot of know that
stereotypical Canadians but this
Canadian knows nothing about American
football so like am I doing this right
this is this of course I have someone
sent me this Seahawks is that team is it
are they in the playoffs what is the
Super Bowl final tournament thing what
is what I know it's Broncos vs Panthers
I think I'm wearing this this is the
clothes laughs this is what is I
couldn't find a Raptors football jerseys
oh good morning today is Super Bowl
Sunday which means we're going to
Brandon's house to watch it cuz I don't
own a TV I'm really just going for the
halftime show on commercials fan or
nothing or nothing
for me football is this this is a
reenactment of what I believe football
is scary whistle sorry good whistle
start again whistle start again I just I
don't get it but I haven't interview in
about 30 minutes so I'm going to cut for
that I'm gonna unpack my stuff more
people are showing up with the unicorn
day by day and there are three days in
teller trip to unicorn head motel lily
pad is slowly growing look at humble
it's sandy Sandy's here now Chase is
here trouble pad just come back down
there's calm after what a Sandy's name
the lion's den no a guy just calm the F
down JK I kinda know what this is now
humble just reminding me this is Wilsons
Jersey
Sierra's boyfriend who does like all
that hostile work that's I'm happy to
represent
haven't got an arm workout and so long
some ways the gym to do that because I
feel like my DS pipes are thinking you
know my DS pythons right here sinking so
Brandon's doesn't work out now we're
trying to find a place with a TV to
watch the Super Bowl I'm watching for
beyond saying the commercials he
actually like knows about the game i jus
drawers like that oh I think there's a
place in my building to has like TVs
we're just trying to go there is see
what's up isn't every been building so
nice super friendly always like sparking
up conversations I love it I love it
alright so found a random hallway near
the lobby there's a TV and we made our
own
who needs to buy to you I think like if
you forgive me now somewhere loosing
Center loves me and they put us into
this room okay with a deal now as
everything's coming up millhouse I'm
learning all about football you
basically four chances to go from one
yellow waiting for the blue line to the
yellow line you can hit people everyone
has a nice bump a lot of thumbs I really
like it I like the bums and you can grab
people space masks there's other things
right quarterback is the person with the
ball they're the only person running the
other way
I give you quick escape points and three
points if you kick it and serve six
points of this caught and you're not
allowed to do team dances that's stupid
it's stupid alright so now that one
close so now we've just in the hallway
taking over this hallway my Maggie get
tortimer oh something's happening with
the ball and hitting something's
happening with the what happened to the
Black team was running with the ball the
white team what they ripped it out of
the hands that bombed always be on sale
on the Super Bowl which team won again
the Broncos yeah the eunich or the logo
looks like unicorn yeah yeah that's a
really long game that was hours and
hours and hours long and now I'm never
eating those hours back and now I'm we
were to support you watch the game you
good
who is this guy you all may get to get
em over to get them I'm about to get our
boss up right now for a video I can't
tell you what it's worth though cuz the
secret things well you know that secret
today's gonna I'm not cheating on us
well love you so much I swear I'm not
cheating on you with another fandom but
the good news is when you got sandy
lighting here she can like did you up
for certain things she bout to do my
hair for no reason right Mukesh mamas
yeah Oh what no no what Cash's no no no
you know what happen like I just woke up
and then this was on I don't even know
like I said you looking at me chase you
judging me you're judging me over there
this is chase oh my god
salty this is humble tumbles like a nap
no as a sleepyhead
and emerges is on his way here in like
two minutes and they excited we should
probably go open air mattress my mama
don't like you and she likes everyone
and then the black to admit that I was
wrong and I was something I didn't see
what's going on but no and he came in
like some baller card to this guy came
with like seven suitcases also when you
think you're putting these all away my
arm and this lighting though what so
chase may drown rice a very healthy meal
and then we decide to all get talked
about so there's like a family dinner
going down and the family dinner is
gonna consist of everyone telling me the
video ideas so that I don't have to
think about I think it's 2:30 a.m. and
I'm so tired why am i wait I have no
idea you're sitting here being useless
making a grocery list and like doing
stupid crap bad endeavor this log cabin
yeah we'll humble are you most excited
about for the next few days besides
being my slave why not what if that one
I would like for your beer to dance
we're asking insensitive questions
everyone like this game we're asking
insensitive questions so we're like
cheese
do you shampoo your hair do you
shampooed your he already does he's bald
to use a shampoo and then I might tumble
in like do you ever fight fully on your
beard and his response was yes you can
ask new insensitive question that's like
ask me ask me anything
yeah it what's my belly flubber
go ahead chase I know that sorry gonna
go
it's Meeny time the time is 248 so not
that much after other clip so we just
shot I'm in bed tomorrow is Monday which
means industry wakes back up and it is
the eighth which means there's two days
oh my god two days until the 82 I movie
wow we're prepping everything tomorrow
for my parents and everyone else's
arrival on the 9th and so they're
tossing like a day full of cleaning and
buying groceries and all that fun stuff
and have two meetings tomorrow and one
photo shoot with summer and it's also
videotape so exciting days setting
exciting things ahead and this is mad
mad mad mad real mad real if you like it
that's good but they're all unicorn
wants it together
unicorn onesies and its GUI mugs or even
hot chocolate and a camel - gotta be
done
as soon as the shot is done I'm actually
putting my eggs on and putting his
winter coat back on
we're from the shot and we were fabulous
but other than that it's fuzzy
