what are my name wretched hair my hair
is so ratchet
I don't give no type F I'm headed to
another audition today just audition
after audition I'm headed there I need
to run down because I'm running a little
bit late I'll get there on time it's
like not that far right it's not like
what like I shouldn't be late I should I
probably go alright finish the audition
one-credit was short and it was simple
and he's easy um I don't think I'm the
right type person they want this role I
kind of knew left me reading the script
cuz I'm like I think it was something
someone older and that looks different
from me but I did it anyways it was good
learning experience cuz you got a step
out of comfort zone a theme stepping out
of comfort zone my god something smells
so damn good is that a hot dog ah
when the Billboard is so big it takes so
many days to assemble and this is like
the second third day you seen it it's
still not done I'm working on it still
need that over there well I mean the
gist of it is there
pass me this is Pablo how those men take
some dope pictures right now
one call done three more to go two calls
done two more to go three calls done one
more to go four calls done JK I have
another one one more to go
yeah no more calls I'm so sleepy I can't
don't obsess labia guy dad Leila okay
I'm finished on my calls I just made a
small video I have to do for something I
did a bunch of emails not much do some
next thing I gotta do basically a guy a
managed to do and I just don't wanna do
it I just wanna show you my butt okay
also I'm going to two exciting things
okay I really said you ready so if you
watched my vlogs you know I'll kind of
grown an obsession to CL losing a Korean
pop star who was like going more I don't
want to say mainstream because Kurt like
kpop is pretty mainstream but um I just
become obsessed with her I Nicola
actually introduced me to her and I've
listened to her songs in my vlogs all
the time you've always been commenting
you listen to seal she's part of a
girl's group that's called to anyone and
I'm going to you to party she's
performing I'm freaking the f out
because I'm so excited to see her
perform because I've literally like fall
in love with her so quickly and after
that I went to Lucia Cara's concert we
become friends and she invited winter
concert so I'm going there a lot of cool
things are then tomorrow I'm actually
flying to New Orleans and for what I
will tell you shortly
are you guys my mom's a dancing machine
in the vlog and was like yo your mom
into a bus to want like murders me like
my parents broke it down yo break it
down um my mom's like is some food and I
am um I'm so sad because my parents are
here until when you guys here until
Sunday and I'm leaving tomorrow
so I shouldn't be here longer and not
weird they're gonna be in LA longer than
I am saying my place my life my schedule
I wish I could be here with them but I'm
not a flat in New Orleans and I'll tell
you why shortly but first that eat some
asparagus cuz it's delicious yo I still
chases jacket it's the same row black
nor white one except she has a different
color this is the vibes I'm really
excited to see all before and how much
try to con my way into meeting her as
well
and see that happens I'm also like a
sentimental moment I'm kind of really
bummed about not being able to what is
it my hair what is later
yeah I'm kind of bummed about not being
able to film or telling their parents
they came the premiere and I'm the type
of person I have a lot of stuff to do
I'm like kind of cranky hold on sorry
people came into the yellow dress this
is a I'm kind of bummed I have
I have made one more time that premises
where I am and works on I get kind of
cranky and like can't multitask very
well and they are always so patient and
I'm really bummed that they've come to
visit me now later I have to leave I
could spend two more days with them but
I gotta leave to go shoot something I
means a really good opportunity I'm
gonna tell you I keep talking but I'm
not telling you better I'm sorry I'm
double-checking if I can tell you about
it it's a really good opportunity but
these are like the little moments oh my
god damn the sacrifices I don't know -
been like a big deal but like I moved
they're here for the first time I don't
like a once-in-a-lifetime thing they
only come for the first time once so but
much to be grateful for just I'm feeling
some type of wait I thought I'd tell you
but still very grateful for all that
stuff's going on I'm grateful for these
two things I'm about to do right now as
well
emotions are okay so I called me not to
dress up because was a fancy party and
now just like the one thing I've ever
gone wrong in my life
let's get our fucking we look it's a
dressy party but it's okay as I'm just
gonna own this right now this party's
basically in a man shit
just a giant mansion
I love it
right
this house is crazy
Oh
the worst this house is crazy insane
I get the massive whose is this what is
this
maybe prepping cuz he's doing a little
speaking Caroline was waiting out front
slowly
the French my room I'm courting myself
on the French
you like real friends good thing and
realize like the real world thank you
even if I wasn't reporting we'd still be
talking
let's kick ass
Oh
Oh
here
I
Oh
music I listen to
okay let me introduce you to a queen
real quick okay right here oh I don't
know that is they're telling me I'm
Alessia Cara I haven't I just have
grapes my name I'm sorry that's are they
real grace they're real groups I was
gonna eat the Hulman at you two of those
beers later okay um geez also one of my
Toronto sister I know where exactly from
the I'm from Brampton Brampton okay calm
down over there haha she's dope Hey her
voice is when all she's like so good
live I had chills
she's so Evan Dobelle I'm putting every
single wing she has the description you
can check Arlene she's so good
no I got up I miss to her grapes yes she
was such a dope day was the day of
seeing people everywhere um after
allergies concert keep mixing party with
Alicia Alyssia because of my friend
Alicia boy ad for a concert Gaby and
Lisa were there I was coming and doing
here uh it was just I saw so me don't
people say very eventful day very cool
but she's so freaking to her voice like
sounds exactly like her record like it's
friggin there's a metro it'll be our
room might be wrote wrote such good luck
oh so talented she's from Toronto
you know God represent I saw started
seeing her so nice meeting CL today
y'all know how I feel about CL as well
so very eventful day also met scooter
scooter Braun and had a great
conversation with him he was so
extremely nice and like I love him
so I met three amazing people today it
was so freaking dope check out my
Instagram for the pictures and I'm gonna
go to bed I have to wake up I ate for my
flight to New Orleans I know I haven't
told you what I'm doing I'm waiting on
confirmation to see if I can tell you
I'm sorry I know it's not up to me
so very annoying I know but we're going
to New Orleans and then on Monday I'm
fine to Toronto think that that's the
week of my Toronto premiere so makes a
blessed life like blessed blessed life
so thankful and I'm so grateful for
these experiences like sometimes I'm
just like looking around and I'm like
how was how was this is is my friend I
didn't do my life right now but is my
life and weren't it together and I'm so
so glad we're together if you like hit
grab if you wreck it subscribe subscribe
like I was putting so much that audition
was so hard it was so hard cuz it was so
long and there's so many hard words and
it like one line alone was like syphilis
gonorrhea : maybe I know those are all
STDs and I go public what the I for
auditioning for I'm is not an
infomercial for STD drugs I brought my
