that's also a couple different ago don't
even think over stupid I'm supposed to
wake up 30 minutes ago but I'm still in
bed
hey dude wake up are you gonna wake up
but what the better so warm
what's up that is so Warren outside so
cool but you have to give in to use it's
a TTY season but what if you clone
yourself what oh so many people are
making me look pretty and not sleepy but
I keep yawning it on the way me alone
I'm not tired
whose tire are you tired I'm not tired
um swing my hair a little bit this is
the vibes it's addressed it's actually I
really like address winter Jack run top
right now but we're heading to AOL right
now and yes I'm going mild heel so it's
a situation but we're gonna pursue here
we're gonna persevere we're in the green
room for AOL and it's the cutest green
room ever look at this colorful first
all this green fridge you already know
that makes me happy this table is orange
this table over here is green the
pillows are purple and red this glue
this wall all these things are making me
very happy
has this gorgeous wonderful team here
making me look my absolute best they're
the best
Rebecca this Bryan we're all here we're
all having a good time no one's tired
who's tired I'm not tired you're tired
these this makeup way under my eyes not
because I'm tired good because I just
like makeup yeah there you go
yo so much fun this a while live chat
which is really cool I usually don't do
interviews for live audiences so I'm
very excited about this and I kind of
look cute I think like to mine we look
kind of kids I got excited and we're
gonna go do this thing and I'm not tired
no one's talking
I was obsessed with wrestling I like
when it was like WWF if I chose on time
Bob
make it out of my I am you're perfect
just because I loved it so much
oh so I'm on my two-hour break
that is not an hour break because of
traffic and I just want to take this
dress up for a few minutes
unhook my bra put on sweatpants for 10
minutes that's what I want um I am very
tired but once I get on like in front of
a camera on a stage
I'm not tired I'll always say I'm not
shy when I'm doing things just all the
in-between things but we're done two out
of seven things I have to do I have to
go make two videos in this break right
now two quick things I have to do and
then we've got daily show that it's a
video day and then I don't know if that
seven there's something else I don't
know but it's very time everything's
going great so far and I need to
mentally prepare for daily show cuz I'm
done that yet what is even my room
number I'm the worst at everything I
don't I'm just bad at life that's a bad
at life
Oh 10 minutes 10 sweet sweet minutes
that I can't afford to take right I'm
sorry
I then does vlogs very whiny and tired
but I'm so tired but it's okay because
we committed to this this is how the few
week next few weeks are gonna be it's
gonna be so friggin worth it and I'm
gonna sleep whenever I can to try to
balance right now it's not that time on
the plane ride home I will sleep a
friend to emails that is what it is this
lighting doe mmm okay seven second up
okay round to the nervous stomach cramps
and urge to puke of started now um I
know just accept nothing happen for a
while for all these appearances I'm
gonna be nervous and that's okay okay to
be nervous
it also doesn't help that my stomach is
being dressed in by my mother Evans bags
yeah wear Spanx every one-f I don't even
if I might even announce on the show or
even if um this is the vibes and I
really do like this dress I like it I
like Allah Allah Allah um we are heading
there momentarily and I wanna puke and I
will be nervous it's okay but I'm gonna
enjoy and I'm so grateful for this and
we're in this together so the time I was
on The Daily Show what is my like what
is what is what is my life also what do
we think about these shoes because I dig
um my knees are so fat also that's okay
whatever my knees eat pizza welcome to
my second ever dressing room my second
ever late night show appearance moms and
moms in the buds okay and they have how
awesome is this they have a chocolate
bar yes with with with with Trinidadian
cocoa beans never before my life ever
seen this except when I come back and
turn dead so I guess in some weird way
this meant to be leg also this so I just
asked Brian if I need to wash my hair
and his response was he looked at his
watch and said don't wear we're gonna
start here make up again in 11 hours
he's talking about tomorrow to a
separate day from right now 11 hours
from now I would have gone made a video
watch this live gone to sleep woken up
and got my hair makeup done again that's
that's that's that just let's just put
that into perspective what I need to
sleep for 11 hours I don't know 11 hours
no that's gonna happen
stay tuned find out on the adventures of
Lily will I make it will I not the
answer is I don't have a choice so much
of my job is anxiety so much is amazing
that what it's like so much I feel got
my gray hair like a head of gray hair in
a month because there's so much anxiety
just right here right here
I just met Trevor god he's so freaking
handsome and I told him first thing is
that I'm like damn handsome um I'm going
to go do this thing when do my best
gonna be myself be unapologetically
authentically myself and that's what
we're gonna do but we're in this
together here we go Daily Show I mean
I did I did I did I did it I did it I
did it I did it I didn't I didn't I
didn't I did it and I think it would
really well there was a lot of fans in
the youngsters really great and it's
airing tonight at 11 p.m.
unlike found though it's not going to be
on YouTube you can't stream it live I
don't think so um I don't know how you
gonna watch it I think I'll be on the
website tomorrow so that's good all
those exciting wonderful everyone said
he went really well but I think they
have to see that but I think you did go
really well ah now I'm starving on days
like this I don't eat all day cuz I feel
like puking and the second mic my what
ever have to do is done I'm like I'm so
hungry
that's what I'm experiencing right now
also this video day let's let's change
and work on that let's do that we're not
missing that let's do that
f ef ef ef ef ef ef me Danny show starts
in 20 minutes I'm gonna watch this in my
sleep I wrote a video though I'm gonna
record and edit it when I was a damn
tired sorry what not what is happening
is happening
hahaha
adjust adjust the dress 100 times adjust
adjust adjust adjust adjust there we go
good but you can't you still look pretty
look at you then you gonna subscribe a
while I don't know to feel so awkward to
watch yourself it I think I did good but
I'm not even sure after watching myself
if I did uh anyways 11:41 after waking
about 5:45 so I need to get this video I
feel like puking even so them so tired
and I have like my shoulder sir but shut
up Lilly we're gonna write this I'm
gonna edit it we're gonna release it
well I got okay's 12:45 I just finished
shooting it was a struggle because I
kept slurring all my words and so tired
but much edit this as quick as I can and
upload it a pub chicken nap while it's
uploading and yeah my stomach also feels
really uneasy I think because I know
tomorrow the Today Show it's just all
the anxiety oh my god it's ok this is
good stepping out of comfort zone
learning new things it's all good no
complaints here
alright the videos up it is an inch at
the time I think it's a 130 ish a.m. I
have to wake up at 5:45 I didn't take
this makeup off and doesn't be so hard
to get off it's a makeup as last time
then I to watch me face like 50 times
but the videos out um and it's about
airline sucking something very close to
my heart
who's messaging me humble no no okay
washing face what's the best I could do
without ripping my skin off it is - it
is time to sleep waking up at 5:45
makeup starts at 6:00
um ones together we knew it was gonna be
hard morning movies not easy but we're
in this together it's amazing tomorrow I
got Today Show so many unicorns are
coming to that as well so I'm so excited
to meet people you are the highlight of
my day and when I'm tired it doesn't
matter when you're there so and I have a
whole bunch of other I think it's three
other interviews after that one um but
then I'm done and then it's just email
address today which is kind of cool and
then sleep oh maybe I'll get to sleep if
you liked it subscribe five days left if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I'm getting to my fitting
appointment right now to get some
outfits for the Today Show and The Daily
Show but today is so exciting oh my god
I
