good morning the good man's our adult I
am heading to an edition memorizing the
lines all the things we put up the
window so there's not win in your ear I
mention audition I'm like 70% prepared
because like like I said so busy so many
things lack of sleep but I try my best
and like always the rule is if we walk
out learning one new thing and stuff in
one more inch of our comfort zone kind
of success and it's fun and I know she's
remedy and diego pueblo pueblo
everything and my parents are arriving
today and so a lot of exciting things
are happening but we're gonna get this
audition out of the way for us not other
way but we're gonna have a great
learning experience at this edition
first look I did it I did it I did it I
dated it did I feel so good when you're
finished doing things because something
I taught myself on tour there's my ride
so then I taught myself on tour what is
that my right so they tell me hug
yourself every time I said something I
learned on tour something I learned on
tour though is that sometimes when
you're really nervous you're tempted to
take the easy way out
so sometimes when I was you know my
first couple of shows no super nervous
and super tired I'm like okay just say
your jokes and she's like kind of get
this done and then eventually learned
like that's not the way to do things if
you're gonna do them do them not a
hundred percent 110 percent every joke
you say commit to it say a hundred
doesn't matter people laugh not you say
it in a way or you're gonna expect them
to die of laughter and when you do these
auditions don't do it like okay let's
just get it done so that like we can be
out of this uncomfortable situations
know learn pay attention and totally
embrace that uncomfortable situation so
that like you can do your best and
that's what I really did I mess up the
first time I did it again because of
some hard words in it but I'm really
really super bad it is hot it is a TTY
week is 30 degrees in sunshine every one
that lands gonna fall in love my parents
gonna fall in love with LA I know she's
gonna fall in love everyone's gonna fall
in love with it because it's so hot and
beautiful right now we're picking up
webelo from the airport and then we're
heading home
I'm gonna edit this vlog release this
vlog I have a panel tonight some a
fitting I have two fittings actually for
coming off it's telling me my premieres
tomorrow I've no idea what I'm wearing
it my life my life
and then appeared a wild web low oh hey
oh my God look at Platteville looking so
handsome you look so Pablo could a shirt
it's Oh Pablo everything one was
screaming Pablo there's just like an
abundance of Pablo in this car right now
I'll try it's real it's happening twelve
hours until age to do I and I'm breaking
the half out also super excited also ah
okay first of all reppin the hubby mom
machel montano
Oh secondly we just spent I just got all
the little minions in Bianchi Lina
there's such good people and friends
y'all help me clean the place we cleaned
it like torti cuz you know my parents
coming up the first time I need their
approval I need them show him adults I
didn't check upstairs anyone check
upstairs I didn't check upstairs chase
you check upstairs
did you check upstairs okay I'm gonna do
it right now um and then when my parents
come like oh my god I'm so sick I had no
time to clean but really the place is
shining I also stole Yusuf's little
small table and put it out that oh and
then a wild Pablo appeared like did you
miss recording in Vienna things like
this okay a bad turn Prince here I'm
gonna pick them up right now okay so in
like our culture when some comes the
first time ago I let you decide the door
so like this is going on right now it's
mostly must be real but whatever is
going in there yes because 40-degree
having balls here okay katti jiggly
to put oil okay come welcome home man
come home you don't want that you know
can I do a fighter thank you nailing and
I think my parents are very impressed
very very impressed
mission accomplished we can F up the
place now alright some of those panels
pretty dope if I may say so myself as
blazer I got that we can do a shirt with
these matching Rita Ora's right here
swagging on them yo squaw hey guys it's
me again
sorry I got in trouble before but we're
back at it
we're gonna oh my god look at my face
the Premier's almost ready it's almost
time and then we'll be back to our moms
be superwoman see I think you would have
created the same following if you had
started on TV no I don't think I would
have ever actually made mister that's a
trick question but nobody not sure
that's a trick question for sure but no
honestly I don't because there's no one
monitoring the upload button on YouTube
you know I felt a certain way I was for
whatever was inspired to upload my first
video and I just simply did it there was
no one that said no there was no one
that auditioned me there's no one
looking down saying but are you right
for this I just did it Oh speak like
that
where's outfit exactly exactly 100% like
even right not you can tell I don't know
how to sit in this chair
my heart is okay with that okay their
final bit all right try not a lot of
things a lot of boobs were exposed a lot
of things went right a lot of things
went wrong
um we have a good option but we're still
going to try to post more for tomorrow
so on the day of the premiere hope I'm
more nervous about this than anything
else but we have one good option that's
like I'm still it's it's really sexy
it's like sexy I'm like really think
more sexy than I've ever does before but
we're going to try this for a while
she's in the wine as well so I feel all
right
it's it's unicorn Island um camp right
now we're getting people to help me do
stuff made it my moment I were you know
annual meeting me already better to work
I'm sorry but not at the time
oh that's okay but baby you are the
movie I am
it's my premiere babe you are the
premiere yeah I'm her so shoot yeah now
you know hey probably gone where'd you
go got the clogging Kevin ready to set
you you just left
Pablo doesn't those roles and those I
get it together probably do you think
the boobs
making discipline to be fair I've asked
permission to this so it's not it's not
harassment yeah yes he giggles usual I'm
trouble is good right yeah so good okay
thank you fella
thanks guys Thank You off-duty now I'm
gonna head to bud how are we feeling
much more y'all excited excited what so
I just really stay surprised video on my
channel is what I was supposed to a few
days ago but I'm like oh I had to be
upload it it is a teaser to virtual
reality a trip to unicorn Island so you
can basically watch the teaser on my
channel it's a preview do literally on
stage with me and then you can move the
phone around like that and see
everything in 360 there's a really
freaking cool you can see the full thing
full thing if you download the jaunt app
it's a free app and you can view it on
there and it's so dope so go to my main
channel links in the description to go
watch that it is officially it is
officially February 10th which means
trip - nakorn Adam premieres today and
it actually goes live on YouTube right
in 2 hours 3 a.m. and I just Aussie I'm
not nervous I'm just really excited I
feel like so much of the tour and so
much of the press I've done and I just
had so many sleepless nights I've worked
really really hard on this and all those
nights where I stayed up I was kind of
cuts gonna be worth that it's going to
be worth to keep working and act like
tomorrow's a day where it becomes worth
it you know what I mean I'm very excited
and so say tomorrow is my reward
I've got everything wet from a towel I'm
so stupid but that's not the point I
feel like everything kind of all my room
if you like my so does makeup ever come
off my eyes do I ever stay on a subject
what the hell's happening here I just
feel like tomorrow is my reward for all
that stuff and I'm really excited and
I'm really thrilled that my family and
friends are here to experience this with
me it's so great to have my parents here
and I'm really really happy and I can't
wait for you to see it I hope you will
really like it and enjoy because it is
such a big part of my heart I would
literally feel like I've taken a part of
my heart and put
this movie and I hope you enjoy it but
it is officially a TTY day and tomorrow
is going to be a wat today later today
is gonna be a wild ride and I'm so
grateful you're here on this ride with
me so we're in this together in two DUI
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe subscribe indian girl with the
really big top that we're gonna have to
pin cuz it doesn't really fit just wear
because like usually my boobs can do
justice to
