no more black nor white check out this
dope jacket look at it look at it look
at this dope now the mad Fresh Prince
Jays wife has a line called nor black
nor white and she gave us his dope need
this dope jacket she also give it open
to chase but like this one is like the
one no one you know I'm headed to me
actually woke up like hours ago I work
really early went grocery shopping
because a whole bunch people are coming
over sing at the lily pad so buy all the
groceries on the O'Neill's banana milk
eggs damn see ya all those things um so
that's excited I'm exciting I actually
canceled the meeting this morning
because like I mention take it but I'm
heading to a meeting right now this is
one of two meetings out today it's also
video day also a photo shoot tonight
with um er
it's an Indiana photo shoot for his
store so a lot of things going on is how
we feel I'm kidding I feel like I want
to you're not but I'm gonna trick myself
this elevator that meeting was so cool
it was at W mean every time so W me is
like entourage entourage is bit like
based off W me and it's so cool every
time I walk in this huge conference
who's everyone so dull set a really cool
meeting and I'm heading back to go work
on my video um and that's what's going
on and I'm wearing all right - like with
a jacket or whatever it is I good I love
that jacket and just meeting everyone
complimented the jacket as well so I'm
not taking some selfies in the jacket
though all over hotel lilly pad again we
got almost bed up here he's for the
closet with some Indian stuff so and if
you remember I'm owns a really dope
Indian struck clothing store called sila
fashions during a shoot for that tonight
he's got my outfits all laid out which
is my job because I haven't done an
Indian photo shoot in like years it's
literally years on so we're gonna get
our Bollywood on tonight later on but uh
in the meantime go work work work work
work work work work hey yo so if you're
watching this right now um I don't know
if you saw a few days ago as in
yesterday I posted on my Twitter
Instagram Facebook that if you live in
the LA area you can come to the premiere
of ATT UI you have to register through a
link so if you haven't seen that yet you
live in the LA area go to my facebook my
Twitter and my Instagram and there's a
registration link and then we can watch
the movie together in the same theater
and share popcorn I'll get the popcorn
obviously cuz popcorn free obviously
at our premiere
mom I don't know if that is gonna be
layered with butter but like we gonna
make it happen we go make a happen yeah
I tried to trip in my video for today
and I can't do it I just tried to trip
and I can't do it cuz I keep like doing
your dance what did you do that you want
and you go over the bag
oh shoot the other one again why cuz the
bag wasn't there no it's nice to hold my
whole party yes waist hmm oh I just
kidding
Nutella Lilly is overwhelmed right now
Lilly just came back from a meeting that
went over time well the only shop half
of her video Lilly didn't finish the
rest of her video this is gonna take 15
minutes do that now Lilly has a shoot in
tilt angle yes also memorize something
by tomorrow when do a billion things
Lilly's a little bit like essentially
it's pilot season which means that
people are setting down a lot of
additions and a lot of meetings but it's
also the week HEU wires releasing so
there's two big things at the same time
and I'm just like telling people like
hey just reminder that my brain will
explode if I continue to do this like
but what do you we're taking a
seven-second calming session be fine you
are in control of the situation we're
gonna be fine what you're going to do
right now is going to change your
clothes shoot the last scenes of your
video and to finish that
you get your makeup done you do the
shoot and then you're going to get to
work at memorise your stuff and you're
gonna do it completely calmly and
confidently why because you are in
control we are in control we're gonna do
this let's go just wandering right now
hung all these dope outfits I bought
fashions and Tings fgg styling and ting
this your go tell them what the look so
no yo yo look so do one of the camera
cuz I gotta manage to do we do want to
find fun look this is what it kind of
looks like yeah we got balloons and
lollipops and other stuff we're all like
one like hips a little bit rider not
like that and the way Rocco who jeans
sold me some fun times let's do it I'm
an Indian girl with the really big top
that we're gonna have to pin cuz it
doesn't really fit just weird because
like usually my boobs can do justice to
top but right now it's not happening oh
my dragon aunty with the way bigger
boobs in me
buzzer vibes featuring toilet and of so
much work to do look we're gonna get
this person I'm getting married a circus
this is happening you I am gonna give
you two in like I have limits with you
the last time I was so long Lily is
dressing up to sneak into a wedding to
get free dinner
my feet
Oh
next time on replies back to this room
again during the day I don't have no I
would not say yes to anyone else
two days ago I was no sure except this
man right here literally the only person
in the world as a su especially you you
wouldn't even let me finish the question
if I'm asking you if you want those no
no no you come on no I want to pause yes
well is the hoverboard check you know
awesome those period games in once back
super cool
and as a wrap on the shoot she has to
dress your face this girl she did my
makeup she did my makeup she made my
party and not four inches video and
memorize lines my audition and someone
there possibly eat up my first meal of
the day oh my god look someone assembled
my chairs my patio chairs look at this
who did this was it gonna burn you was
it you was you was check there's this
guy in chaser all right Thank You siu
furniture alter impress records all
right we're about to release his video
stole 30 I might wanna show you one
freeze frame right now whole humble prep
them for because I'll undo they're ready
you know if you are you don't want to
stare at guns please oh hey let's hold
up bit of a blip blip blip oh we all
broke your Papa your point come poop
poop poop poop do buh buh yes I'm 50
cent in his face but but yo look where I
am
comment below if you know where I am
right now
um that should give it away so Yusef
gave me a key to his apartment
oh because he actually I don't know if
you know this all those logs or not but
he oh yes he left his bed here
I'm just casually line uses bed right
now hold up oh I gave a key to his
apartment because he moved out but he
still has this place for a little bit
and I told him that my family's coming
so many people in case we need to like
send some people here like use the
showers and some phony like game with
key to his apartment to use so dope
thanks you said you did a really MVP
might just come here anytime I need some
peace and quiet
how does it woody what what what he been
up in here all I was sitting like that
why didn't oh but why didn't anyone say
anything to me I've been walking around
like this I'd say I'm really freaking
makeup remover wipes it takes to get
this off the best I could do right now
my nail annoyingly broke look this like
why why why there's not a nail meant for
a premier that's ratchet now that's
ratchet
oh my go to bed I have to wake up early
I have an audition tomorrow I have to
call me oh my god
battery's dying everything's gone
edition tomorrow and memorize these
lines 82 you guys coming out in two days
my mom everyone's coming tomorrow full
force full force today I had like a
billion things going on such little
sleep like you're we're in this together
I'm gonna head to bed I hope you had a
great day tomorrow is the day before a
bill today technically 82 you guys can
go tomorrow take daddy you don't forget
my nose did you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe subscribe don't you my
she likes everyone and then the back to
and me that's wrong
