good morning Trinidad and Tobago check
this you check this view check this view
ah wheezing Trinidad it is like 5 p.m.
we just woke up a couple hours ago cuz
we went to bed at 7 a.m. went to army
fat last night my first venture and I
was dope I slept with toothpaste on my
face so hopefully this goes down I was a
beautiful hot day I've got boobies on my
shit boobies boobies belly and my hair
and we're about to go eat some Chinese
food the best part of ever had was
internet so I went to this restaurant
that we had last time like a Indian
Chinese restaurant I might even be
Chinese I don't even know but it's damn
good that's we're gonna do we got all
day today all day tomorrow to relax when
Monday is Marshall Monday and meet
humbler discussing some musical projects
just to put it out there like in 2016 I
wanted to way way more music and like
higher scale like dope stuff like
budgeted stuff um so I'm excited Scott
with him you know I love working with
humble chases here we're feeling good we
feelin dope were a little bit lake is
actually for a towel and chase was like
why don't you used at all I use him like
you dryers over that he's like yeah like
those in your bug crap is it yeah I'm
like I want your butt crack tile he's
like well I didn't like clean the crack
of it I'm like you didn't clean the
crack of your butt yeah I'm talking
about your butt crack and it'll look so
you have a moist butt crack but he
wanted me to use his butt crack towel no
that's love though that's love I
couldn't do it so we had to wait
this is chase is a humble humble shirt
went up it's kind of known up or done
what I t-shirt right I always want to go
eat some food but walk down memory lane
do you remember this area Hey
so we're eating at this place called
haka look at the dress I know the dress
every day that we are no shorts no
slippers no sleeveless no headgear oh
okay except for the notes all clothing
okay we're violating everything right
now but apparently hot guys like the
place to be restaurant and bar I was
excited
giddy up like 6:00 p.m. which paying for
our breakfast but for the things I'm
deals I can see all of chases Jesus body
oh yeah
flex that ting sexting ah you know Jim
Tings today you do to your arm tastes
really desert okay no just lick yourself
the check I like there no I
you looked here okay so humble drop them
off we deal cards through the crack and
now he's on the floor trying to figure
out if it's there
he should be lashed lash out with what
whip like with several whips oh see oh
yeah what is this what card is it
Vermont Avenue no no ha
Deb you lose you eat under the table no
it was a 1 million card win no matter
the property shun shun luckily I have my
pack with Gillette is a devastating loss
for your pack
that is a mornings at uni we're all
black that's a joke at the morning
situation a nurse is wrong then some was
gonna say right this is the ba ba stuff
ice cream which is baboso is that regard
yeah Bob what is Indian
Bobby now so uh something's that is that
we're trying right now and I'm really
excited thank you Judy it's Rudy okay
Mabus up let's do it tasting something
oh yeah
that's like very milky yeah mmm he does
taste like something like creamsicle
this kind of creamsicle for that coffee
cream suppose I like it's cool
humble talking bear issue about how he's
definitely better than me and off we
deal he said that register in there he
said definitely no ice beat him for
three let me call you well I don't know
what is room okay oh yeah while we move
room haha yeah hold on uh-huh for three
oh shut no bumbaclot thank you thank you
is it champion champion I walk like a I
talk like a Qadir like champion uh-huh
Chuck I'm not touching chases nipples I
don't know what it is whoa whoa we're on
our way to go get doubles and my face is
emerging my mind Mount Everest and I
keep touching it cuz I can't resist
gobble table this is my husband
you
I'm salted what they dreamed about is so
hungry I make our doubles
I'll make them controls good to go hey
it's not like one of essence are
harmonized way better last time what
with the other was so messy but the
spice talent I'm a time try eating the
mouth you know for all you what you're
thinking was coming hmm
you got a slide one on top of the other
yeah I don't know what my favorite
things will turn at is anytime someone
drives by it's a party because the music
is less lasting and on point let's let's
take a picture with our doubles but
they're too messy yeah we yeah they're
so good and you can't like you can't you
yeah
one of them was a matelass√© don't be
like all your trailer have some doubles
we've we've been handling okay so I had
three doubles get three double you have
for world over that's the start that's a
son Megan Fox making her boobies Rowena
belly what you're really sore add
another fact right now apparently it's a
big gas station because this place this
bar is a ram is bumping this place is a
party place a party
it's parked it's great you can shoot him
using it right here right now and we
gotta stand in line yo who's about to
place a monopoly deal like adults time
is 2:00 a.m. right 2:04 a.m. work is
placing monopolies do tomorrow going to
maracas cuz last time we were in trade
that we didn't go to mosey didn't go to
maracas so that's where we're going
we're gonna play some deal um and as
what's up I said some ice cream I'm so
happy I'm such a cow but I'm so happy
oh my beat him in another tournament fun
we have him on a win I'm sorry we're
tying this when I beat when the first
one sorry how many rules instead exactly
chase in this last game was there any
time limit the last one home and I beat
him and I I read them in the best way
possible that's like like you know the
best way possible best way possible
that's what's up that's what's up that's
okay why crying we'll get over Tori you
still got your subscribers still got
your health okay don't worry you still
got your beard I do have my big almost a
shot with my hair and sorry day to
Trinidad I'm an SS long go to bed what
time is it
5:40 why do we keep doing this oh no I
must think I know I'm messing up that no
I can't do it No okay I've received um
tomorrow in raqqa summary excited of a
roll I'll be a great day thanks Julia my
day and tomorrow sweetie and trinidad
and tobago year me know if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
oh if you like it right
see dropping on April's 2016 6 that's a
drink you know I love him cuz we're
friends on Instagram now so it's all
good but he's dropping his album on four
one six and Dawson we dropped Ivy ivy I
just want to put that out there just
want to put that out there if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
this is my official announcement that
I'm marrying machel montano I am in love
with that man I just proposed him right
now and he agreed he said the sweetest
thing to me he said the most romantic
thing any man has ever said to me said
Lily if you marry me I will leave
everything behind for you and I will
just be your assistant
