bondage at the airport it is like seven
something I got 40 minutes of sleep I'm
so tired and so hungry can't wait to eat
something knocking on this plane
I lied the flight is actually 10 hours
it's four and a half hours one way three
hours 45 some way and then a stopover
humble sighs 14 hours so I don't know if
I mentioned you but humble is also
coming from Toronto suing me chase and
humble and I'm really excited about it
and then we're all coming back to LA as
well I was so tempted in the middle of
the night to take where the paddles and
vlog and go to chasing Banzai and throw
a ping pong honor but the paddles were
in his room that's the only thing that
stopped me or else I would've totally
done it which meant the security chases
to putting on his shoes and laptop and
hat and I'll distinct and then we're
gonna get on this plane and we're headed
to trade that in Tobago for Marshall
Monday carnival we are born we local
yeah look at me actually I was like this
I was gonna make a bet excuse I'm like
no this way I'm about to board this
plane are stopovers in Miami I've
actually never been to Miami so cool
I've never been to a man no we have to
go to Miami craft I know we're just
stopping over which made for an hour
which means we're gonna like land pee
and then probably just lovely but we're
gonna end I'm going to get on this plane
right now I'm so Sims
we're going to security if they like you
have near hazardous items or absolutely
only this right we've in Miami Oh
do-do-do-do-do that's not doing the
right song off the song at all email do
be good
yeah that's it exactly thing I did I
don't like I don't want to yeah you were
there yeah all right her you were there
okay we're Miami our flight got delayed
which is perfect because now we actually
land the same time we got there so yeah
oh do you know what we're going I'm just
aimlessly walk I always do this when I'm
with someone I just turn my brain off
and look here I'll figure it out
you know we just follow them and usually
they're stupid so kidding he knows exact
words like all the time also my pimples
on my face are just like ridiculous I
didn't we're getting I think I'm I think
about your reaction it started growing
when I kept putting them in Jeep beard
on and off like two three days in a row
ginger pickle no I don't know Oh
but that's really good anybody happy
with the dummy
music video food yes yes that cheese
cheese work so his next flight at the
middle seat and chase hasn't will see
and the nowhere near each other and I'm
like I don't know what I'm gonna do with
he'll play Monopoly deals oh just to say
that I know and play Monopoly deal one
since I came I know it's like three
whole days yeah that's a law X years
that's yeah monopoly Cheers oh my god
and it's Airport so called I don't know
how long okay I jumped the foot but
everything is okay to dig that budget
that's staying in yes yes so we just
landed so many memories walking on the
back same exact same hallway we got here
first same sign we took the picture it's
right there oh my god they walk down
memory lane I love it you still have
mountains on my face of time but sound
good
tumbles waiting for us advantage
screaming yes he's in Trinidad and
Tobago round two leg up Tran Tobago
hospitality off the chains Marshall
Marshall takes care of ish Marshall
takes care look who it is oh yeah I'm
bleeding oh my god its humble but
Marshall takes care of bigness though
into a hotel drinks attitude was - huh
training work yeah mark mark in the
airport takes captain let me go you're
gonna be okay yeah so many people take
care of us now I just need to move to
Train and as all I just need to move
here that's what it is I'm moving here
this is dope and if I was like if my
stomach like that I'd worry I might
still work to be honest be like this is
so dope and hot also like marshals
already spoiling us we just landed he's
already spoiling us so he's performing
at 3:30 a.m. at some army fact that
correct already no check that up we
should got off a plane Blakey oh effort
let's go yo so we're now hotel room all
yours mad party going on outside like
it's I think destro was out there
performing by the way and I was like hmm
we're heading to this fact we only just
learned and this is like the best I
could do right now sounds like I right
all right
it's like mad cash you know just like
known just just jamming jamming we're
going to this this fact our first fact
ever at a carnival ever in Trinidad ever
I'm excited I'm so excited every day is
better I come out the fat
I'll bet up
Tinh more than you so humble was just
telling me how much he misses me and
missed me and this is my existence and
how he can't function without me right
why didn't use those words specifically
obviously but yes I didn't missus this
guy I'm the guy that's the guy it's been
been a difficult an you arey ever been
suffering from the winter blues maybe I
miss the sunshine of LA but nonetheless
I'm glad to hear and I'm glad that we're
in Trinidad but go have I have no idea
what to expect
I have zero ideas what to expect right
that's funny cuz I'm mister I want to
get back to work with her and still
we're just party yeah truck on your sing
Mooji Gardens on stage right now I have
no chill I'm so excited I know she was
my face I'm so excited where I'm like
cuz I said what to do I'm so excited
right now it's just like a party
everywhere a party everywhere
so we wanting on the crowd to watch my
show
you got my back right
look what the lifetime I'm doing here
just getting rashes on the stage what is
my night I love rainbow
but with
but baby
papi done
it's live and right now
so this is my official announcement that
I'm marrying machel montano I am in love
with that man I just proposed to right
now he agreed he said the sweetest thing
to me he said the most romantic thing
any man has ever said to me said Lily if
you marry me I will leave everything
behind for you and I will just be your
assistant see but losing the one guy to
look at it'll remain no and then my
response was I won't let everything go
for you but I'll share with you that was
my life I was like I won't give up
everything of you but I'll share with
you I love him and I want to marry him
and we're gonna get married and make
beautiful babies machel montano super
omen
yeah me know so 6:30 and we're having
breakfast before we go to bed this is
day one oh okay it is so late as early
I'm so tired and so annoyed I have to
wash my face right now but I'm gonna go
to bed and force myself at this blog
right now we'll see what happens I'm
really really tired
it's what time is it even these birds no
chill its Stefano 4:00 a.m. okay good
night Dave on internet holy crap what we
discovered is fats are amazing I love
try dad I want to move here I want to
marry Marshall if you liked it subscribe
if you liked it subscribe do you go get
my face
