look at all the adulting happening go
morning
I just woke up
not just woke up I woke up a little bit
ago and I did an interview that I had on
my hoverboard I do my interview my
hoverboard and he's douchebag and I let
them know that too when I'm talking to
him I can I just you know I'm on a
hoverboard so if I sound like a
douchebag that's because I am a
douchebag
uh-huh I finished that I'm eating
breakfast then I got two meetings today
I am so annoyed not really but I'm kind
of annoyed Simone and I schedules are so
opposite and we've been struggling to
find a time but I think we were to go
for dinner today you know how much I
love her trying to go for dinner with
her I got to meetings before that I'm
trying to like play Tetris with my
meetings to make it happen and then it's
also video days so also moving for
Trinidad tomorrow very early morning a
lot of things happening also the way to
get to turnout is like 14 hours there's
a lot of things happening we're gonna
focus on this egg this beautiful egg
these beans then pooping out these beans
these grapes in this one that's that's
all we're focusing on focus so what's
happening doll just had a great time so
rude look I mean dress together no don't
hold on um it's a great call reference
the 82m will be exciting the same things
I wish I could tell you all about it but
I can't so Sally I can't I'm headed when
I meetings got canceled so I have one
meeting left and then I have dinner with
Simone and then it's video game and then
was repeating all the things I told in
the beginning of the day and then
tomorrow dad we gotta pack returned dad
I forgot about for shooting anything in
Trinidad to get to Trinidad is like a
mission and a half there's no direct
flights it ends up being like 14 hours
which I'm to be honest very excited
about because I can be on a plane or do
work for 14 hours
not exciting to me I've got all the
adult thing I'm doing right now I'm
heading to my meeting love my mouth my
breath don't stink up the place and
there's this one doing work productive
okay so I keep bothering chase because
he's always on the phone and I keep
telling him like he's always he's either
face hello I'm not texting her on and so
I'm not gonna have this argument I'm
just making a list no text you're saying
every text and his work I'm saying knows
it he has a problem that he's a phony
holic
Jim on the phone like everything on the
phone I'll make a list I'm weak a list
that's okay when weekly list whatever
we're gonna have a challenge we have a
challenge loser has to like I know you
like pretty sucks pretty much I'm not a
jerk I love so I'm so nice to him I love
but how'd you fall I have to bother him
never bother each other who calls me fat
and I call me every other thing because
fat is one thing I can call him look at
him I'm naked sitting there naked
talking about you is comment below let
me know something else sunshine makes me
so happy look at my house best damn
there's sunshine like this right here
every little tanglong be alright right
now just like calm below you're like
that does I can never leave a place like
London England very beautiful but no Sun
I need the steinem it's time for an
elevator party don't always open and
another one guide yo yo yo meeting went
great all my hair is like what's going
on over here what is even happening I
was in the wind that's why it's the with
the wind
the winds fall it's not because I didn't
comb it for two days three days four or
five days anyways we are headed to pick
up chase and then we are going to dinner
with someone and I keep talking about
this but I love someone I haven't seen
in so long we've literally tried meeting
up like 1 million times the past few
months and he's always falling through
and I feel horrible because she's
supposed to stay over tomorrow night and
I'm now I'm going to try to add one day
earlier so it's just been a constant
struggle to try to meet up with her but
I'm finally going to know with her I
love her energy if you don't remember
who Simona's tour producer 482 I just
best
contagious positive energy always smile
on her face just you know what is for
selfish reasons that I want to go dinner
because I just need like in my energy
vault is lacking her energy my energy
vault is also lacking humble energy I
need both of these people's energy back
into my lives because they're important
energies that
balanced and so I'm very excited for the
Stan I'm gonna feel rejuvenated after
and also we're going to my favorite
restaurant which is tronie because they
have
it's on a napkin she's gonna meet Simone
I convinced you to do a whole bunch of
stuff come to cheer dad come to shop
she's not gonna sure that my soul is
rejuvenating sitting next to her
literally I'm in love with her energy
and I'm gonna bottle it I'm flattered
thank you
she's amazing we're having a great time
and I'm to Kosmos in video today it's
gonna be good
yeah so we finished dinner we're heading
to Ralph's right now because Simone is
staying at my place tomorrow as I
mentioned Alice will stay there as well
but we're sure dad now and besides being
a good friend the second most important
thing for me is to be a good host so I'm
getting a bunch of stuff that I know she
likes from my apartment so that when she
there she saved my life I fixed your bed
and put towels on the bed and toothpaste
on the bed instead of as be resuscitated
I bought you like lunch every day
no I bought you like the first day what
did you get it oh thanks I'm sorry I
also like someone way more than you Oh
mister all right so we both these are do
I like Simone way more than myself too I
like the boat way better than everyone
else I've ever met in my life to be
honest um but yeah so we're getting a
bunch of stuff when Ross right now yeah
and I'm too close move in so I'm just
kind of like oh we should get flowers
yeah that would be nice you're like a
flower she came home to flower I want
you know what I want to do that for her
yeah she's allergic to bows oh my god
I'm a lily and she loves me that's true
there back there oh the flowers back
there okay let's get a cart no do you
this is me my skittles
sitting here like oh my god I can't
believe that to make a video right now
what am I gonna make a video about this
is this is me right now this is me so
what I'm doing there no is making video
about that means I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna do it
I just I'm taking a moment to be like I
can't believe I have to do it I want to
do it cuz I like to do but I'm just
sitting here like oh my god
gotta pack it up this ping pong table
for no reason try not to do bye moon do
it no I'm taking a ping pong righteous
I'm really bad at ping pong
why did I buy a table what no way the
ping pong why do I keep betting yellow
yellows my least favorite flavor can you
take both of these cuz like I okay okay
hold on hold fit and she sucks he's
sorry but it sucks okay here I was why
I'm superwoman everybody you can go
ahead and subscribe now so I'm supposed
to be making a video but I'm doing this
right now and this thing is massive like
look how much space this takes like part
of the game is not cracking your skull
against the staircase is that this is
part of the game massive now have a
dining table yeah Oh your poor crew
table a ping-pong table yeah it's
amazing this is an investment right here
we both suck at this so much but like
it's okay we're also really good that's
it throw the net okay okay
it's never a great idea it is that we
were playing this but we're gonna start
a game where you know irrelevant to the
table you forget the table we're just
always you have a pattern your head any
given moment throughout the day
where's the whip a pink bunny when he's
sleeping when he's pissing out here to
whip it he's got to be prepared all the
Dukan Banzai that guy got I'm gonna
sleep with this so we just sleep with
the battle
oh no I fell asleep on the couch yeah
well no I told myself I take a small nap
and now it's 11:00 look we must make a
video and he must pack maybe we should
pack first hmm these are the decisions
all right I just have to talk with
myself that consisted of early you know
this was gonna happen you know shut the
F up
you shut the F up you'll eat the cereal
okay
you'll make a video here in a pack then
you get get on that plane and nothing
else will happen you shut the F up and
do those things
hey hey hey I did it hey I did it it is
1:16 a.m. I am about to upload my video
I have to add music to it and I did it
and I prevailed and we did it together
as a team because you were spiritually
motivating me I know Bokke is coming
that aminos why is that happening
ever since I left the city you you got
exactly what you asked for running out
of pages in your passport rolling with
some girls I've never seen before
yamir my hair
I'm so hot and so attractive and out of
these taste pogoing stubs oh I'll put my
beer right now and it's up and I'm very
proud of myself for doing it is 2:18
a.m. I got a pack keen up the place for
Simone who was staying you for tomorrow
we're gonna leave her a little like
welcome package you know like all cute
and crap because I love her
um yeah okay I'm worried I'm worried as
is that's Han the night room weird I'm
weird right now
I'm whoa looks like the galaxy is in my
armpit ah a potty potty potty potty
potty potty no I don't even know what
time it is and I didn't check before
vlogging because I never learned my damn
lesson
release the video as I mentioned and now
I'm gonna take a shower
I'm gonna edit this vlog and then I feel
like it's gonna be talking about the
airport by the time I'm done that we're
trying to leave for the airport at 6:30
so that's the plan
first flight I'm gonna sleep second
flight more work that's the plan but
thanks so much for joining me on this
date I'm very excited to try that a
little Bowman I could shoot a music
video but I'm gonna go and have an
amazing time Marshall Monday and maybe
go to the beach one day and I'm gonna
think of something to do I'm gonna try
I'm gonna try it and the planes leaving
to go to get our work done so we're
gonna identify all the positives of the
situation I'm going to treat that from
Marshall Mohnish I thought what F up I'm
so friggin excited so I'm so glad you
get to come on this journey with me
think of it it was on my bucket list to
go to traitor and I've gone twice now
and like when I call last time no I
don't remember
twice though the point is twice in such
a short amount of time and I'm very
excited I hope you had a great day we're
gonna have a great day tomorrow it's so
much to be grateful for if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe okay
look up professionally I'm going to
meetings my nail polish is always a mess
and which is so weird because the two
things are moving early about on my nail
polish and my eyebrows yeah my nails
continuously are a disaster
