look at Kota
what up Jersey reference good morning
guys I'm good even how are you how are
you people we get this start a hold on
take a second breath together ready one
two three you know why because today is
a day that is in our control don't think
that the weather and other people and
other forces are gonna control our day
oh not today we are to control our day
is gonna be so damn productive so are
you ready to hustle hard if you are give
me a headbutt three two one and here is
the mission for today you already know I
got to go through my inbox I'm shooting
collab number three have you finished
one whole script by end of day find some
other people to collab with me make sure
I have lots of boob sweat oh give me
points all my guys I mentioned yesterday
these twelve collabs okay so when you
want to collab with some traditional
talent the level of approvals you have
to go through like it's not just what I
can write one script but say hey can you
give us like a thought star top line we
can approve it that gets approved that
gives like bullet points that will prove
that in a script and then one make you
change the script five times it's fine I
get it cuz like their careers are much
more particular but it's just my
workload has literally quadrupled
because of this process
no I'm so sad I can't show you who I'm
collaborating with because they're
actually coming to my house
Amy's about to be high so part of
pre-production today is we need a TV to
be in the foreground which means a camp
beyond the wall and the downstairs TV is
too on the wall so my room is getting
broke up right now his TV's got to come
down none of us know how to do it so
we're just like someone grabbed a hammer
Oh a screwdriver is future Oh Oh me just
trying to make everything dirty I don't
know how to do dirty jokes I'm like so
that's really cool some mother you think
survives you can do it up and leaving
you I'm cheering you on this is helpful
we're being helpful let's walk the dog
in your career so you go around the
world
hey so much talent 84 years later I'm so
good man okay I'm DS yo hold on wait let
me just wait one second I can't say that
that's Oh II was gonna come over a
little but I'm so nervous but very
excited but also very nervous and trying
to look very hot xxx someone hot as well
every one yourself a pat on the back
right now give someone else a pat on the
back immediately right now y'all killed
it
that was amazing greeting for three
we've killed so far we've killed it this
team right here Dominic to finish but my
team is the best team that ever existed
right no okay it is several hours later
I just spent two hours finishing on my
parents Christmas gift because I need to
order it for to arrive on time give me
the points for that I didn't really like
I said what it is gonna know my dad
watches my blogs my mom too sometimes my
dad's obsessed them all so let's be real
how long you think this is gonna stay
like this a really goddamn long time I
can't put this on myself
guaranteed this is gonna be here for
like a year a year like this okay so I'm
just trying to do something that I have
literally been avoiding for the longest
time ever because it's so goddamn cringe
but today like how much people were like
yo you should do this will be fun
novaculam I don't know I'm gonna react
to one of my youtube videos not just any
YouTube video when my first ever rap
songs I used to rap when I was young
guys you know i still rap with this from
2011 1.3 poor souls have seen this
cringe by literally my intestines are
cringing right now call I'm ill I don't
know what the f trash nonsense garbage
I'm sayin the song but I'm gonna react
to it
Oh God definitely don't have permission
to use any of these shots I stole oh my
god oh yeah illegal filming invest my
music in the song this is like webcam
the first ever webcam my head open my
waves mistake oh my god no skinny I am
oh my god
oh my god I'm so skinny oh my god okay
okay come to lil Weezy Lil Wayne oh
that's my sponsor child look at me I
definitely never friends oh nothing
probably put that on a shelf of a store
and recorded myself my let's I'm not my
sister by the ways my mom she's just
hotter than me
oh my god Backstreet Boys well I am
crazy is that a Justin Bieber doll oh my
goodness I sound like a effin M hitting
puberty and eating a walrus at the same
time fire fire also that's not the mic
that you would record music on you
dingus minor of popper my Jesus
oh yeah 18:47 guns how cool it is so
lame oh damn
throwback friends die force in my video
oh there you go going to copyright and
where's this pole sitting effect oh I
did it before Logan Paul you heard of
your first yes you sound cocky you sound
like Evan douche bags I did make cake no
I made those cake I used to bake cakes
oh let me wear sunglasses I like the
most basic oh and sit on a motorcycle
that is not mine what is this 180 piece
not turning evil 180 feet
why are you doing this why are you doing
oh no not to the side mirror none no
jeez oh I haven't done the worm for a
minute though I'm gonna try just close
that tab real quick I apologize to 1.3
million people and to you for having to
watch that cringe effing trash I think I
threw up in my mouth a little bit let me
see if I still got it I just watched the
clip back okay I kind of still got it
shut up good walk down memory lane I
want to say to all the people when I
first started thank you for supporting
me when I first I'm making videos a lot
people supporting you or just my friends
and family they've watched my videos and
they would be in my videos a lot of
people used to hate on me they're a lot
of hate but I remember particularly when
I started a lot of people used to hate
on me and there's good people that
supported me so I want to thank you to
everyone that gave me my start
even on my crash rash webcam and flash
editing skills all real ones yeah when
you're watching this right now today
Thursday 12 collapse of Christmas are
officially starting a little sneak peek
right now why why did I agree to this
because you and Ryan promise to stay
friends okay that doesn't thing you will
say when they break up to sound mature
and hard okay no one actually means stay
tuned sure they're my main channel is
right here my main channel 12 classes
are starting I will be doing super 60 so
let me know that the blog cam sent you
actually some extra love whoo-hoo let's
see how we did today
John is stuck within Adobe smoke because
Lily doesn't have all of her classes and
Lily doesn't have all the clamps locked
in or secured he was about to see Lily
egg down and mother-effin dirty in the
house I'll be like let me just problem
solved the F out of this and I cannot
wake is on the best for you or the best
for me only the best for the fan and
tell them if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe yeah all my
Americans watching right now Happy
Thanksgiving to you to all my Canadians
watching a happy belated Thanksgiving to
you and Jeff where else in the world if
you don't celebrate your every day
should be Thanksgiving every day give
thanks be grateful I know it's very
cliche and hard to do but honestly
before you go to bed man just be like yo
think of one good thing that happened
I'll make you so much happier
