happy 82 UI day oh good morning can have
so many exciting things to tell you
right now first welcome I shirt Ronda
Rousey up in here up in here up in here
up in here okay ah so exciting so excite
number one I just released the official
trailer for a TTY movie on my channel
and the release date is all my channel
it is releasing on February 10
that's right February 10th on YouTube
red you can watch hty movie I can
finally tell you that it feels so good
February 10th and I don't care from now
until February 10th so I never sleep
again this would be the biggest baddest
release ever and I'm so excited go watch
the trailer go share the trailer I'll
put the link in the description right
there it is such a big part of my heart
and something I've worked so hard on and
so many people work so hard on YouTube
read an astronaut's one and everyone
just I'm so excited speaking of how you
can watch it I know a lot of you are mad
stressed about YouTube read some of your
mad excited I'm gonna clarify everything
you need to know about how you can watch
the h2i movie I will do that later on
the vlog I got all the information for
you
don't stress why are you stressing
stress no stress it's gonna be great
number two I landed from where do I go
how'd it happen
what happened Trinidad last night at 1
a.m. came home released the trailer this
morning I went to bed at 5 a.m. and now
in a couple hours I'm flying to New York
so I've been home for like 18 hours
maybe flying to New York for the Daily
Show and The Today Show what is my life
was my life right with my life what is
my you know I don't know do you know Oh
chase you know he has no you know where
he is right no no I got my house I have
no idea maybe sock said I'm heading to
my fitting appointment right now to get
some outfits for the Today Show and The
Daily Show but today is so exciting oh
my god ah it was astonishes me what
other people can make me look wonderful
because it's such a hard job sometimes
look at all this these cool shoes look
at these cool shoes and all these
clothes and these clothes and then a
wild swipe appeared so I clogs dressing
me let's talk about this spike loves
dressing me up I love shopping he has a
problem a problem like every time she
comes in she's so sick oh this is cute
and half the time something for herself
well one time only one time that
happen but I did walk away with some
things for me at your fitting once why
we got really good one yeah we got dope
stuff today like all this jewelry stuff
and it's so cool and I'm so happy about
it all your looks well no oh wait well
surprised with the looks we have a lot
of good options so I'm very happy yes
what I'm doing I'm getting on a plane
this is a rare occurrence
I'm also look at the so into the M store
before I left true dad which is Marshall
store in the airport and I took
everything snapbacks insurance but I got
this button says look trouble now - look
trouble now I mean it doesn't do the
beat for you but that's what I'm
thinking every time I see it I'm I get
on this plane I got my water
alright I just had a pizza so I don't
think I'm healthy or anything but we get
on this plane six hours just kind of
effed up because most we 45 minutes I'm
used to do go to New York from Toronto
but that's like six hours I'm like what
the hell is happening
everybody got me is ever looking at me
no no I got me we're good let's go
alright oh no I'm still recording
I'm like
I don't deserve to be in business class
I don't belong here but also like on
business calls and I'm like a team line
that you whine that you and went back
into the cold did I pack a jacket
that I just
landed in NYC
can't hear anything all right so it's
not that cold so me write a section like
I'm especially a little bit warm it's
not that bad unlike the last time I was
here and the mother at the White Walkers
were coming and it was friggin all men
must die and I was freaking the season
finale of Game four Game of Thrones it's
not like that so I better I landed
drivers here smooth New York arrival
once again very happy when YouTube takes
care of you
smooth arrival I appreciate that or grab
something to eat maybe I went on a
rampage on a plane I got so much work
done all you knows were send I'm very
happy but I should have three more
descent and wish I need is stronger why
fineness and stuff so I was my walking
dance of being productive
yeah we're no better you know that means
I love impacted I love it yeah party I
love it departed hurts my knees hey
party I love it's a party uh so I'm
checking in and I'm going to drop my
bags off and we'll grab some falafel
over rice cuz you know uh oh my God look
at you you know so in New York
what up book Brecht guy rough menu what
is it look guide reference um quick fact
Angela hunt who I met at Marshall Monday
who is a soaked artist who I love
actually wrote Empire State of Mind and
writes like for Britney Spears and
dragon all stuffs I didn't even know
that's where I met her I was that girl
she was like girl and I was like girl so
she's dope AF but yeah wheeze in our
room I'm about to go get some falafel
over rice that made me dizzy yo let's
turn the heat up
I'm weird I'm sorry I'm wearing where we
at on 77 tools every three zone 537 yeah
man
boo top got some food hold on face much
got some food I'm in the elevator but
I'm gonna have a mature elevator right
now
take it around you okay so every time I
go in a hotel I always have to decide
which bed I want to stay in I just have
one bed but they said the king-sized bed
rooms were too close to a place with
ruing construction so they gave me a two
bedroom two bed bedroom and I always
have such a decision I'm like which bed
do I want to sleep on really they're
exactly the same exactly but I'm like
which one makes me happier I'm so my
browser which one makes me happier I'm
so obsessed with things that make me
feel happy and feel good that I'm
looking at these two beds or nothing
like which side makes me happier I feel
like it's this one but I don't know
hold on I love to being too close to the
walls gonna like make me feel trapped
you know I think this one close to the
window closer to freedom has the vibes
of the sunshine he's yeah yeah yeah yeah
okay this is the one this is the one
literally I did with everything candy
food drinks anything like which one
makes me feel happier and then I go with
that one this is how I stay our unicorn
yeah what let's top yes let's talk about
82 you are the movie let's talk about
YouTube red let's talk about you in your
country how you don't watch this movie
parties in advance if the segment's very
very long but I want you to feel super
comfortable with how our movie was a
team team super is gonna be released and
how we can all watch and how we can all
enjoy it and you know I like to be very
very honest with you and I like to
collaborate with you in that way and I
like to make this our journey and so I'm
gonna tell you everything you want to
know and yeah so as you now know a trip
to unicorn Island the movie will be
coming on February 10th on YouTube red
which means everyone that lives in the
United States of America can get access
to YouTube read and view the movie in
that way okay YouTube red is ads free
you will get this premium content a lot
of creators and myself um there is a
one-month free trial so you can sign up
for that trial watch my movie decide if
you like it don't like it that is up to
you us you got YouTube red now you
probably sitting there like yo what if I
don't live in the u.s. what you would
try say we're trying to say brah let me
tell you what's up on February 10th
there was a
list of other countries that will have
access to purchase the movie through
Google Play or through YouTube
transaction and it's a list of countries
the link is in the description of all
this information a few of those
countries are India Australia UK Hong
Kong Brazil check out that list and then
within one month of the release which
means by March 10th there's a hundred
and five countries that this movie will
be available to purchase in which means
that every country that has YouTube's
transactional and Google Play will have
this movie for purchase and I want to
put that out there because I know
there's more than 105 countries in the
world I'm well aware of that I just want
to let you know that I see all of your
tweets and I see all the concerns and I
want you to know from my end I am doing
everything I possibly can to get this
movie in as many places and YouTube is
doing as much as they can to get this
movie in as many places as possible and
every time I see your tweets like people
just repeating right now what about
singable workable singer and everybody's
like picked up the phone and called my
contact on youtube or my yo I thought
well let's sing apart by sing or that
and we're collectively just working on
him to make it happen like expect
updates and keep watching my vlogs
expect updates and new countries being
added and I'll let you know that there's
so many things out of my control when it
came to this release of this movie and
so many things I had to learn like for
example when you release movies and
different countries around the world
every country has a different rating
system and things that I didn't even
know existed so if I was Prime Minister
president and queen of all the countries
of the world this movie would be
everywhere but apparently in some
countries it's impossible to release
this movie because the government will
not allow it and in some countries it'll
take longer hence the March 10th
extension because their government
requires an extra rating process so just
know that from our end we are doing
everything possible but it varies from
country to country also I need your help
because I'm only saying this in one vlog
and I've tweeted this a billion times
saying guys check the list of countries
checked with some countries and still
I'm getting bombarded to things it's not
gonna be anything I hate you're
superwoman so please help me spread the
message and let people know that was in
one month of release it's gonna be in a
hundred and five countries if you know
me I know where a lot of my viewers are
I have put extra emphasis on places
where I know a lot of you are
on actual February 10th there's a gang
of countries that it releases in that
aren't on YouTube right but if you're in
the US then you have the option of
YouTube red with that one month free
trial so now that that's out there
please unicorns help me spread the word
if you see someone freaking on the
comments please respond to them educate
them let them know because I want this
movie to be accessible for as many
people as possible and I hope you truly
believe me when I say I am doing every
possible thing in my power to make sure
that it gets released in as many places
as possible so um I hope that clears up
everything I hope you feel more
comfortable with that get excited
because we got mad legit things pop it
up ah here I have so many secrets up my
sleeve who like this thumb that just
came out of my sleeve there better
surprise into my thumb hell loom like
them is pretty cool so just stay tuned
thank you so much for your love and
support I keep watching the trailer over
and over again the official trailer is
out if you haven't seen it the link will
be in the description it gives me F in
goose bumps ah but I'm gonna go wash my
hair now then it's just right should I
eat the rice in the shower mmm that's
probably a bad idea alright so I cleaned
up my eyebrows make sure to have a that
much of a mustache I'll wash my face
wash my hair oh my god my hair needs to
be washed so badly feels so good I
needed like four bottles of shampoo from
hotel it is 3:30 I need to wake up at 8
which I'm not thrilled about but
tomorrow I have interview with AOL it's
a live interview thing in front of a
live audience just exciting and have
something with vogue and then I'm on The
Daily Show with Trevor Noah
so like Jimmy Fallon let's try to get a
conversation going on Twitter too using
the hashtag tweet like i'ma speak cuz
I'm the nerves are kicking in just like
that I mean I'm not as nervous as I was
around because like you know that was my
first time this is my second one so I am
the first YouTube creator to be on the
show by the way which is like no
pressure no pressure pressure pressure 9
no where's the pressure none no pressure
um tweet using the hashtag Lilly on what
should it be
Lilly on Daily Show I guess Lilly on
Daily Show um and then I'll live tweet
during the thing just like I do profile
but so so excited I'm
I wanna be nervous tomorrow right now
I'm just old fo but that's what's
happening and I I'm gonna go to bed edit
this vlog go to bed and get some four
hours of sleep or some like that if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe now there's six days left
until a GT UI if you like it subscribe
that wonderful be personal to the last
normal I was taking over I wasn't I was
side stage the whole night Teresa I
thought living in my heart bled for
former I miss my wifey
please forgive this really I'm not mean
