the life yo-yo I'm heading to my first
meeting of three I have today Sarah is
sick so she's not attending with
attending with me
they're generals and Generals are pretty
much like yes empty elevator pretty much
generals are pretty much hug yourself
every time I said generals are pretty
much generals are pretty much just going
and meeting people and like time them
watch yourself and trying to be
impressive so I usually go with Sarah
but she is sick yesterday was Sarah's
birthday and I'm the worst because I
obviously didn't remember I'm the worst
at birthdays and that's one downfall of
being or alcoholic you forget about
things that matter like that but I
wished her towards that but she's not
feeling well today so she's not gonna
come with me
so we're heading there right now let go
yo it is such a beautiful gorgeous sunny
well I'm in the shade right now because
of a building but the Sun was like
beaming into my pupils earlier it was
just great such a good day abs I just
finished my first meeting it was so good
it was so lovely such good conversations
going home to eat breakfast because I
forgot to do that and then I have a
hangout with Siri and I got a book a
whole bunch of flights and then I got
another meeting another meeting and such
a productive day and I'm so happy and my
this yesterday's video the my parents
reacted to Jimmy Fowler's doing so well
so I'm having a great swelled I'm
wearing a blazer like I'm Leonard I'm a
successful semi adult today that's and I
have keys in my hand as if I'm somewhere
to go it's look at this this is the face
of success right here
sorry it's loud it's little bit loud
there's so much construction around my
place but ice came outside for the quick
breather because I was just going to my
to-do list and honestly I have so much
stuff coming up with the h2 I released
that's coming soon you'll find out I
know if you're talking whether you don't
know when but soon soon soon I promise
with all people coming to the premiere
that will inevitably be alongside that
with my trip to Trinidad I've so much
stuff to do for that and just like I am
in a situation right now I'm a little
overwhelmed it'll like bring a might
actually be able to get all this stuff
done right now um so I've come aside to
have a talk with myself to be like
alright gonna change our mentality and
know that we for level up right we're
not gonna complain
we're not gonna get stressed this
neither of those things will result to
work getting done what we're gonna do is
going to level up when a boss up that's
a new term bounce up and we're just
gonna be like alright this is what it is
we're gonna adjust accordingly and just
gonna have to get it done so after this
little walk we're having on the balcony
we're gonna go inside and we're gonna
kill ish because that's what's gonna get
work done so we're gonna be happy but
we're having a good time we're blessed
to have all these opportunities it's a
good thing we're not gonna get stressed
and that's what's up positive living
here we go here we go here we go you
ready are you ready - hashtag beat egg
WS e you be bounced up whoo
like that so I got an email ask me for
my top 20 team super Twitter accounts
and I literally almost replied to the
email by memorization because I stopped
you guys all the time so I'm trying to
stop saying guys
I stopped well all the time I know so
many of you so it was the easy mode to
reply to but like just know in
anticipation for the ATT UI movie lots
of surprises are coming your way and I
want to say thank you in special ways
for always supporting me so it's gonna
be exciting stuff and I can't wait for
you to see and hear about all the things
I got Brad it's all good
hey guys okay but first we eat chocolate
chocolate bad chocolate it's like a
chocolate it's like a oatmeal chocolate
bar it's like a protein bar is basically
salad all right waiting for my second
meeting to start and I am admittedly 15
minutes late which I feel really really
bad about cuz I'm meeting them for the
first time that's not great I've just
had such a back-to-back-to-back day as I
mentioned I'm being spread super super
thin so I must forego when they're being
even more charming than usual and then
when I head back at that other meeting
today with Michael okay no no no we
switched our mentality remember we're
ready I'm ready for this I'm ready for
this ready ready
killing it
so much to do I might actually actually
delay my flight for that because I don't
think my facialist if I want to do
before I go okay what's even happening
here I have a meeting in an hour at my
house is a very fancy I bought wine and
she's on this cute little Emma showed
she was like this tree trunk platter
thing it's very very cool it was part of
my shopping spree at Target yesterday
we're never going to buy detergent you
got to do my laundry by the way all day
I'm gonna do my laundry and put on my
to-do list my handy-dandy to-do list
here on my whiteboard oh well when you
have to put laundry on your work to-do
list or else you just won't have any
more underwear that's oh look okay I did
that's my life okay I'm frazzled
jk jk we switched our mentality one step
at a time one step at a time that's
gonna happen okay so look at this look
at this is this not so cool this is what
cheese is going like it's like a trunk
oh it's a good do you think there's a
real tree can be a real tree right or do
you think it's artificial oh poor tree
but it looks cool and she's not going be
yay okay how adult is this whole
situation right here come on Kendall
this stuff come on come on right right
you're some new pyjamas
put that funny here all right it is
10:17 I just finished my meeting with my
cheeses and my wines I drank a little
too red wine and I hate wine it's like
gross but I drank some because my agent
really likes red wine and I'm like I'll
keep it company it's cool it's 10:17 I'm
uh this pimple on my face like a raging
it's like Mount Everest is about to like
be born I don't my cheek right now
what's up i trapped chase in the room he
wasn't allowed out he's basically like
with Dobby
dubby dubby over here under the stairs
yeah that's right I knew some work then
I might clean up the stuff and then
other stuff okay so you know my digitate
was hectic tomorrow is 10 times 10 times
more hectic but yo positive vibes
positive vibes
yo yo so I just went to the gym and
worked on my arms I need to get better I
like working on other parts of my body
cuz I'm just working out I'm just workin
hope my I was looking too late not my
um I'm I need to get better working
other parts of my body up because I'm
just gonna have like toned arms and tone
nothing else so I know I'm spending some
time watching my sister's vlogs you
don't know my sister started vlogging
with her cute adorable kids I'll put the
link to her channel in the description
so show her some love I feel like her
kids are so cute so it appeals to
everyone but especially if you have like
parents so like siblings kids I feel
like they could barely about their
videos it's called the neurotic mom
Diaries and my sister's pretty funny so
I'll put her link in the description
show her some love and yeah I'm watching
Campanas right now the best way for me
to see my nephews
wait on this hoverboard boy I feel like
I'm require a lot of court stress yes
like if you're in a club
I'm gonna tired why aren't sleeping I
don't know doing my laundry my third
Lord might actually know my second
mother laundry I have two more to do
this is how long it's been
I've done laundry and we're here looking
at pictures of dogs but it's true I
shouldn't beans Hart made me dog he's so
freakin Q and they shall be Marty the
dog two accounts follow them should the
money shed them my knee my knee the Doug
Marni he's so cute oh my god better than
humans I swear yeah come on just stupid
licking okay Dora
oh he's dressed up as Dora yeah yeah
yeah it's a dog dressed as Dora
dad just down stone can listen to this
that's the noise my washer and dryer
makes they basically sing songs to me
the side of my face was broken see we
can roll over chase thank you for God
this idiot slipping oh yeah boots I'm
gonna head to bed after I pop this
pimple put some medication on it I've
been this long every night it's like a
mental it's a mental mission to be back
on again it's this long you're not gonna
sleep you gotta edit this vlog because
you're gonna regret it in the morning if
you know and regret in the morning you
know Oh chase needs to send me a clip
chase can you send me that vlog clip
when you're out and yeah y'all how was
your date you have a comment below tell
me buck jeongae tell me buck the dick is
that one no how was your day
your sister died spoiler alert I'm so
sorry it's okay but if you don't know by
now you should know you should know if
you don't know you did you should know
that's bad that's you need to get with
it okay I'm gonna go to sleep
Thank You Jaime another day tomorrow is
absolutely crazy you have a call at
11:00 I have okay
I'm going into the Tesla place again
because I think I'm gonna order a Tesla
but okay yeah yeah okay anyways um I
have that I'm going one more time to
check out all the Tesla options and like
make my final decision and then I have a
what else do I have so many things there
are so many things I have a meeting
another general and then I have a TTY
movie stuff to do then I have a little
uh shoot all in one day I have all that
stuff to do and I didn't see someone
today so I'm just here tomorrow
sure mom whatever I go to bed when you
yeah if you liked it subscribe if you
liked it subscribe look who I'm shooting
with the only person waterline long hair
hair as long as me steve aoki we're
doing some dope ish right now gonna be
fun
and it's coming out and a to be
determined date it's gonna be fun
