maracas hey morning trinidad and tobago
it's actually all morning at all we've
continuously failed to wake up humbles
here Chase is here the time is around
2:15 p.m.
our alarm went off for 12 and we like I
like laughed out loud almost I was so
tired I couldn't get up we went to bed I
like what six though right so no seven
again she deserves to be in the Guinness
World Book of Records for most amount of
snoozes I know yeah I can press snooze
all the area and my alarm is like loud
and obnoxious yeah it's actually
Marshalls ministry or focus dude huh
dude didn't did it it's like so and I
can just lose when doing snooze nostos
but we're heading to maracas I'm very
excited um the struggle to get ready I
realized you know when you realize that
when you're in the actual place you
don't talk anything appropriate for
anything that's me this morning say go I
didn't bring anything that will work at
a beach but boys little Jersey dress
thing I'm trying to play against them
it's gonna be good time
dispose our natural bones Iranian how he
said to the normal versus my husband
whoo we are high up here
dude this is high we're high we're mad I
so I'm inquiring about how much it is to
buy houses here because I want to move I
want to place here it's just starting
I'm gonna show you why in one second I
ready like caught this is a thing this
is not a bit is not a Windows XP
wallpaper is our real life situation but
this is a real life situation right now
look this is me and this is the
situation what is this the violet Corona
in the part of the corona this situation
is this guy okay how do we like how can
you ever be unhappy with the music and
the views on man I got to be ignorant to
say but so I want to place here and once
in one time in my lifetime once in my
lifetime I have to get a place here
maybe not soon but happy to place here
don't make me mother effing do audible
don't make me do it okay I wouldn't no
god no
so we have maracas and Chaseburg sites
try this short great thing so like is
that vegetarian version of this like
seaweed bake bacon seaweed nothing like
that so chase how is your bacon is
baking track or checking bake baking
shark how's it it's good they didn't
have the potato patties so we're using
fries kind of a bum cuz I'm sure they're
so good
Abbey when you're so family bad like
walking I feel like sumo suit woman else
get married and make sure it's just like
feels like a family event everyone just
like like a big bag high and like waving
for every deduction so cool so don't
kind of want to potato thing with these
guys
potato in different form it's Nigel so
just like a trinny
a Trini soda cream soda so low so to go
down
yeah this is a cream soda delicious
delicious
sit calm down don't drink my drink Tyree
co-op hi Rico Beach because Morocco's is
a bit crowded this time feels good it's
pretty crowded but it's astonishing how
close the cars get to the beach like the
beaches are right here our parking on
the beach
that doesn't happen in SPRO or la la
yeah oh my god I would say both no yeah
I'm from Toronto born and raised s sick
oh my god this that feels good
I'll pass
I know how are things I can't do the
waters cold and water is cold January
cool I thought it would be way warmer
than this I am so grateful that I'm here
the second time it's crazy this is like
some bucket list
ish thank you so much for letting me do
these cool things like this is to dope
so dope thank you for letting me tag
along
yes thanks from all of us medical banks
team super we go write your name with
Sandra now leggo leggo
we've got to do it
jeez the t's missing
this is why you donate to grow love the
girl leg Lily can learn how to milk and
to rights that's right can you read it
you really can't order I can't help
believe that the sweeter Gomez's awesome
for me right now assume there's a whole
bunch of people that I look like
redheads like and they're blasting
Selena Gomez it's hilarious and
wonderful these are my new friends
oh yeah my new friends haha how those
your friends my new friends calm down
bless me to go mysterious yeah we live
in here with it loot you buy the place
I'll take care of it uh-huh and then you
come whenever you wanna go take care of
it
just go back to our hotel in
I'm gonna
no so we are back I must go to the
airport again to shoot some intro video
for Marshall Monday how much it's gonna
come with me
and I believe a meeting the other two
hosts which I'm not too familiar with
but I'm excited to meet them and there's
like a massive fat join me to vlog your
booty huh this is the chase of doing cuz
that's chance to come up in too bad it
doesn't look you're humping that at all
and all this will stay in the log yes
that's we're doing right now and then I
was just thinking my brain work oh my
god after tomorrow my life gets thrown
into a whirlwind of chaos like so many
things you guys will find out about but
um oh and I also announced that on
February 4th and 5th in mid New York on
the 5th there's a meet-up that I'm
having if you want information with that
follow my Twitter there's gonna be a
meet-up a secret Meetup I'm also gonna
be on The Today Show and The Daily Show
she's really freaking super exciting
whoa I'm so I'm so excited me Trevor no
especially cuz like cute SF oh yeah all
those exciting things are happening and
just we're getting thrown into a world
when it's gonna be just like ok shh shh
you were accurate wrong we get each
other
accurate meta presentation right here
accurate representation of what my
life's gonna be but we're in this
together so I'm wearing just jackets my
job I'm sealing it also Elementor party
you went yes and you again I'm good
hitting it yeah yeah yeah yeah doors are
opening yo so at the venue we just
finished the intro video I met Rudy and
major and
it is and I don't know what they're
saying after the time sometimes they
don't know like what you guys are saying
either oh my god man for y'all to god
man but it does remember to watch this
video
Cebu D oh I have no idea what he's
saying either the stage is - no no no
don't
I touch it on gear you know so how many
people here 20,000 people plus all the
way back you watch every single section
diamond section over there alright
flattop section in the middle ram
general section and revin but let me
tell you one thing the street capacity
because it's gonna be spilling out of
the streets tomorrow I shall Monday ass
massage for one video because like a
yo-yo do a little trick there you're in
it now hey are you doing that guy so
impress me alright go ahead
Mars hey hey I'm impressed
I'm impressed
oh stop name so I just wanted to marshal
means I don't know they don't hug me I'm
so sweaty imma come here I love you
worth anything I don't like that's my
jacket I got you I don't like and I'm
like I I get a gimme kiss on cheek and
then he's like in martial fashion maquon
marry you for real and I'm like all
right all right now we're at me Asia
which is the first type of restaurant we
ate at when we came with unicorns and we
landed and Oshana got another shock
reaction we're back here in honourable
shiny shiny
Oh Shi your job venture so we asked the
lady who works here if there's anything
vegetarian and she walked away from
legit vodka pixelize she should last
time we came we had like five yeah I
don't know anything
yeah can someone else ordered for us but
now we don't want anything on the menu
as we're like there anything vegetarian
she's like vegetables like anything else
and she walked away we need we need a
nanny yo so we back the hotel ending of
the night right bowing to not stay awake
so late where we eat breakfast humble is
saying we are I'm just saying
breakfast isn't like two hours no one
knows that breakfast is in three hours
I'm not saying awake I'm bowing I'm not
no woke dumb idea and then we're good
sleep as a plan we're gonna go to bed or
I'm gonna at this ball and go to bed
it's 5 a.m. today is Marshall Monday
well technically it's 5 a.m. Saturday
and I'm so excited I can't wait to party
and jam and have a good time um and then
it's almost time to leave Trinidad but
not yet that's ok I go to bed thank you
for joining me on my day I hope you had
a wonderful day I should probably do my
nails if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
oh I scream if you like it subscribe no
damn you lose you eat under the table
