get me out of here good morning good
afternoon is one something I woke up I
released my blog I don't know what's
happening as of right now the situation
is that let me just clearing up it's not
snowing right now and the roads have
been plowed and all that jazz but like
the situation right now is there's two
flight options one is today but the the
flight today that I'm booked on is going
to Salt Lake City I'm already missing my
panel missing everything the point of
this flight is I would leave and go to
Salt Lake City land at 12:30 a.m. so
past midnight and then try to catch my
outbound float flight to LA at 8:30 a.m.
I'd have to stay in the airport for
eight hours I don't want to do that
there's no direct flights going from
York to LA today because they're all
booked so it's only purpose I'll go to
Salt Lake City just to catch my flight
to LA having missed everything that is
irritating to me the second option is
that tomorrow morning there's a flight
to LA which would make me very very late
for my shoot possibly even screwing over
the whole shoot and not allowing to
happen what is even happening here why
so those the two options none of them
are ideal 1/3 miraculous option that's
not working right now but maybe it will
is that Sarah is booked on a flight
today to LA and she's trying to switch
it to give that flight to me they're not
letting her because of like there's a
long line up at people who want flights
but we're trying to see if a travel
agent can do it where they can just take
her ticket and switch it to my name and
Sarah would sacrifice her plane ticket
for me because I need to get back for
the shoot these situations I'm gonna eat
my last soup thing I think things are
open I'm gonna venture out and try to
figure out later I'm super bummed also
because I made the sacrifice I had
tickets to Royal Rumble and Tommy when I
had tickets for humble and I sacrificed
Royal Rumble which is today to go to
Sundance you know as a responsible
person who's like no I need to like care
about my career and I might avoid is
that net or Royal Rumble it's just like
had I just gone - well Rumble maybe I
just would be a Royal Rumble and not in
the situation hug yourself every time I
said Royal Rumble Royal Rumble well
let's get ready to rumble
so yeah this situation I don't know no
mom ha ha
they found me fly I need to leave right
now they found me fight Hey tell me how
did you leave I tell you boys I do shy
thing IMAP No
it's gonna be a lot of fun getting that
car out okay so the airport is absolute
chaos all the workers are so stressed I
keep making conversation with them so
they'd be nice to Mike hey and also not
an ideal day at work for you but like
you know hang in there just cuz I'm
whatever like so they're over it it's
chaos got through security chaos so
let's talk about the physical my flight
is a stopover of a stopover on Boston to
get Taylor that's the only way I can get
to La stopover in Boston my flight
calculate 45 minutes so now it's like my
flight lands at 7:02 and my connection
is 7:30 it's very very tight so I just
checked the screen and my flight is
delayed 45 more minutes which means I
will there's no way I can catch my
flight I'll miss my second flight and be
stranded in Boston now so guess what not
getting on this plane because I'll be
surrounded in Boston so now after 30
minutes of trying to figure it out I'm
on standby for a direct flight at 6:00
at 9:45 and at 11:00 and have a
confirmed flight just in case none of
those work at 6:00 a.m. the time right
now is 4 p.m. so basically for the next
14 hours is a possibility I'll be at
this Airport although Sarah has
suggested that if I don't get on the
first one just to go back to a hotel go
to sleep and come back at 6:00 can you
believe this this is the craziest travel
experience of my life I just cannot get
out of the city right now I have a shoot
all day tomorrow I just can't I just you
know what you know I need fries any
fries and I need a Cosmo fries and Cosmo
possibly mixed together waiting for the
standby fingers crossed
even the standbys delayed so I'm
thinking that if I don't get this one I
might just go back to the hotel so I can
get me some proper work
that's what I'm thinking instead of just
staying you've like ten more hours
severance airport's been crazy because
it's a football game going on like
cheering yeah I got the screen as a
Canadian I don't know that nothing about
football and I'm like what dude if I
could crazy and yelling and showing the
airport I'm like hockey what I'm sitting
here like a child that was forgotten at
the mall everyone else is gone and I'm
like you gonna call my name or doesn't
look like he's called my name I'm not
Jennifer who's Jennifer who the F is
Jennifer that's not me no look I don't
know what to do
sent a man our gear back to my hotel an
hour to get back to the airport my
flights at 6:00 a.m. I have to come here
at like 4:00 and it's like 7:40
something p.m. right now so it's like I
don't do I don't forget oh I'm so over
this I just want to get home all my
friends are sending me pictures of my
screening the ones that are there Trey
and Suzy and mamrie and all them and I'm
just sad I'm annoyed but I'm still gonna
be positive I don't know if I should
wait for these next two because I might
not get on them so I don't know and now
I just realized I don't want to help my
baggages cuz I don't get on the Boston
flight so I usually let up next thing
you know my suitcase went no couldn't
went to Boston without me on the flight
you know what I don't even know okay so
I went to ask the guy and he actually
found me a seat on the next flight so in
like an hour and a half I should be on a
plane I should be on a plane without a
butt I've said that many times so I
actually have a confirmed seat for the
next one it's an aisle seat and I'm up
beggars can't be choosers fine but just
like I'm really not good at flying if
it's not a window seat even with all
this experience but it's fine I'm and
I'm gonna land at LAX of like 1 a.m.
hopefully all goes to plan so I bought
some so I bought some cupcakes to make
myself feel better but situation and
they only had like mini cupcakes and I'm
just like do you have any like real
cupcakes for like real people but they
didn't so they're like these little
small one bite cupcakes that like I
don't know
delicious
and this flight is delayed
and finally about to board this damn
plane and I could not be more ready to
go back to LA oh my god oh my god the
next issue is I don't know if I
mentioned this blog I'm like forgetting
one crazy
so my suitcase is on the way to Boston I
don't know why I'm sitting into LA and
all my makeup is in the suitcase and I
need it for my shoot tomorrow
collecting is this cine event of located
and the dude back pocket in front of you
if you are unable and willing before
appeal you may suffer harm from
performing those functions described on
the card
it's 2:00 a.m. just landed in LA finally
gonna hope and pray somehow someway
gonna go to baggage claim my bags and be
somewhere here it's unlikely I'm gonna
hope I'm great so happy to be back
blessed life blessed I missed you my bag
is not here it's in Boston it's coming
tomorrow way too late for my shoots and
I have literally hire a makeup artist to
do simple makeup to record a video
tomorrow it's like not my Monday of you
another video should I have it's just
this Blizzard has have such has has has
had such rippling effect of so many
things it's caused delay and so many
things and a inconvenience to so many
things but I'm so happy to be home it's
pretty late and I'm pretty tired I'm
going to eat some cereal
I'm gonna fix chases room a bit chases
coming tomorrow you staying here for
like 20 days I might even sweet because
like I don't know I don't know standby
oh how you do my laundry so badly okay
I said chases bed and by side of I being
put a towel on it put some toothpaste on
it I like you're welcome and stuff um
God knows easy to come with before 9:00
a.m. the time is hey Lily you can't
check the time here recording how many
times you to learn his lesson I think is
like three something i magic shower and
edit this vlog we go to bed bless life
best life for being back oh oh my god
blessed life tomorrow is such a
character dance video day I have a video
shoot I have an interview um and check
so many things catch up on so that's
what's up thank you so much for joining
me on this crazy chaotic mission of a
day I hope your day was less stressful
than mine and Ma's new day so positivity
will prevail but prevail okay my words
are my words are becoming mashed potato
mash potatoes mmm
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe I've
never experienced anything like this
everything is closed Taco Bell's closed
all the stores are closed that the whole
city shut down
there's no food anywhere and there's no
cars it's like it's like death it's like
legit death I don't know one do
