I got one hour of sleep okay the weather
outside is insane I just left the
airport I'm baffled that my flight is
not canceled because the roads are crazy
let me just show you this board right
now somehow my flight is not canceled
and I don't know how like it's crazy
stop for an hour I'm so tired
the weather is oh so cool I just wanna
sleep I just wanna I wanna I wanna sleep
so this is what I'm scared is gonna
happen I'm scared that when I'm in this
Airport my flights being canceled a lot
canceled in Oslo in my hotel bad but not
that bad Brahms can we get stranded at
this Airport which I'm not going look
forward to fingers crossed but that
situation I also need to tell you more
about yesterday
woke up I was so tired so like I hasn't
hit me hit me but like Jimmy Fallon dude
I watched my vlog because I stayed up
and edited it and not even tell you all
the wonderful things about him I'll tell
you right now I'm just a stop right over
here yeah okay let me tell you reasons I
love Jimmy Fallon he has great energy as
soon as I got to the place you know I
went to my change room I started getting
my makeup touches whatever before the
show he came to my change room to meet
me before the shock tree started and we
chatted for like five minutes
he was like referencing very specific
jokes from my videos like he's watched
my videos he was in love with my parent
characters who saw them he's like I love
when her dad said this and this this
video and I was like oh well he's really
familiar with my work and actually
watching my videos with very pleasant he
just made me feel so comfortable the
whole time whether it was before the
interview during the interview after he
was so like you're gonna be so great
this is gonna be so much fun and he was
just just was so warm and welcoming and
any bit of nervousness I felt he totally
alleviated he was so so cool I was so
impressed by him and his energy and just
such a pleasant person definitely wanted
to believe me and then change you they
change the way you think about treating
other people because he just treated me
so well so like dude treat Jimmy Fallon
and tell him I said he's freaking
amazing and he's so so wonderful yeah
he's not my gate now
hat deck role it's hectic outside hectic
so I'm off the plane I'm not in Salt
Lake City I'm in New York City we went
on the plane for two hours I was sitting
on the plane for two hours waiting for
the runways to clear or the plane to
defrost or something and then I guess
there's a timeout of how long we on the
runway so we went back to the gate
turned around waited there they decided
to deplane us couldn't get off the plane
because the door was frozen and also we
were snowed in so on a plane for two and
a half hours still in New York City
flight is officially canceled the
weather is crazy there's no flights
leaving today um which means I'm going
to miss a lot of things in Salt Lake
City today that I had to do but the main
thing I have to go through go for is my
panel tomorrow evening so I have a
flight on hold tonight at 9:00 p.m. just
feel like it's gonna be canceled let me
I need to show you the situation right
now hold on it just looks way worse than
person I don't know if the camera is
picking up on bad is that the window
over there it's all completely white
like I can't even see out it's just like
I'm some flight on hold tonight then a
flight on hold and then if I don't hold
tomorrow morning as well so I'm heading
back to the same hotel and God knows the
traffic is gonna be insane
so not ideal or we're gonna remain
positive another ending of Titanic where
people are trying to find their loved
ones
that's what finding my baggage is like
right now it's just
seas of people and baggage and I don't
know where my suitcase is I'm just like
Rose rose
ladies okay I never thought I'd be in
this predicament in this day and age I'm
in this rundown rundown hotel and you
know I don't care like mad low
maintenance this is fine better whatever
occurs this is the view like it's crazy
the taxi 'm was gone like five accidents
driving you got stuck on the road it is
crazy outside this effing guy at the
front desk so this is clearly like a
part of what's privately owned or
whatever but this mother-effer I'm sorry
people who can't help other people like
it's a disaster outside people like
struggling every single flight in the
air Pro got cancelled so people are
struggling to find places to go and like
you need to help people in these
situations so we're all struggling to
get to the hotel zone equal weighting
this hotel and I saw him giving so many
people a hard time and I go up to him
and you know check-ins at 3:00 and I'm
much earlier than that and I have much
experience at Hotel so I know how this
works if the room is ready they give it
you if not you have to wait till it's
done but just what it is he's like yeah
the rooms ready but there's a early
check-in fee and I'm like in my entire
existence I've never ever been charged
an early check-in for you in the
fanciest hotels to the crap Beatles
never and I'm like I heard him say to
the guy before as well there's a really
checking fee and he's like it's $50 cash
and the guy didn't have any take five
five give me 40 like I heard him
negotiating with the guy I'm like here's
making this up so he says it to me
he's like this early check-in fee music
cash I'm like why is happy cash you know
if anyone ever asked you for cash
something sketchy ice I've been cash
like that's a policy I'm like you have a
policy written down somewhere and he
said what I knew that couldn't show me a
policy like show me where it says like
the policies were in down that I paid
cash and he's just like I'm like I want
to pay in credit card first of all there
shouldn't be a fee I know he's making
the fee up I'm like not want a pain in
credit card because then with that it's
less easy to scan that ish he's oh but
there's gonna be taxes and stuff like
that's fine I will pay the tax so I paid
more just to pay my credit card just so
this mother effer couldn't pocket the
money and look you're a horrible person
people are struggling to find places to
stay the roads are horrible people are
freezing and you're trying to like make
a
Coffee was not okay its mother effort
anyways the situation I'm in right now
is I'm in such a small hotel it is not
room service no one is gonna deliver
because the roads are like shut down and
there's nowhere close to eat so I'm
actually in a situation where I can't
eat I don't know what to do I don't know
how many a food I'm starving
and I don't the only way I could
possibly get food is if I go out there
and attempt to walk and my group in
Toronto I'm used to the snow so I say
it's bad it's bad
um but there's literally nowhere close
up that the streets are impossible to
walk on and drive on so I don't know
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna starve I
don't know I don't know what a turn of
events on the positive side this room is
very warm naptime for two hours I'm
going to do nap time and then I look for
food because really this up for one hour
and I don't think I have the endurance
right now or the stamina to cook through
the snow to get food so nap time nap
time nap time napkin okay it's four
hours later and I need food I need food
desperately as of right now my flight
that was on home for tonight is canceled
a flight for tomorrow morning it's
cancelled right now it's looking like
I'm gonna miss Sundance which is a huge
huge bummer because I was looking
forward to it so much but I need food so
I'm going to go venture outside I guess
okay so we're walk-in it's cold but
we're gonna find some food and then buy
a lot of it that's what's up I've never
experienced anything like this
everything is closed talked about as
close all the stores are closed like the
whole city shut down
there's no food anywhere and there's no
cars it's like it's like death it's like
legit death I don't know anyone do
so-called holy crap oh my god that was
hectic I've never experienced anything
like that
there's snow just everywhere in my shoes
and just Taco Bell was closed pizza was
closed restaurants closed butcher
everything I found one convenience store
open and I got water coke popcorn a
croissant and I got these um
things and the lobby has hot waters I'm
gonna try making this right now it looks
like I'm stuck you for tonight and
tomorrow as of right now the only flight
is like Monday or possibly tomorrow late
night so I don't know hopefully I can
get some more food I know they have a
vending machine here too so much stuff
to survive off like chocolate bars and
chips but like my nail also ripped off
so things are going great I will say
something I love about crappy cheap
hotels they always have a microwave and
always have a fridge fancy hotels don't
have that ish so the water wasn't hot
enough to make the soup so monitoring in
the microwave I'm sure the spec not
allowed not a thing because it's in
styrofoam but like I'm desperate
yeah damn the super spicy yeah I'm still
hungry I have another soup and I popcorn
I should just bought like 10 of these
things such an idiot I bought a lot but
like look how so ah spice I've got to
tell you one story about yesterday Jamie
came to my room before we started
shooting like I told you to meet then we
talked on the show and then he was just
so kind like when Saint Lucia was
performing I was leaving the stage when
I think so much ago no why did you stay
to stay and watch it with me and I said
okay then during the break he actually
is like you want to go talk to the
audience so he took me like a mentor
like to the audience and we spoke to the
audience for like 5-10 minutes and they
asked all these questions and he was so
sweet because obviously I was asking
questions for hims his show they love
him but every question you would
redirect to me so someone like what's
your favorite movie he was like oh I
don't know ideally what's your favorite
movie he like included me so much we
like spent a lot of time together knees
so dope and we were been talking about
like the possibility of like maybe doing
a sketch together or something he's just
so wonderful I just wanted to share that
because I forgot to tell you that oh I
just remember the way he made me feel
when I was standing there he kept
including me and I felt so like welcomed
and so comfortable and he's just a
really really great guy really really
great guy
alright updates the time is 6:49 p.m. I
got on the emails done I'm trying some
work done but I really need a rockstar
behind trying wall so I did try to find
one so I want to see what's in the
vending machine
I want to show you this car right now
across the street that's almost
completely buried the whole front of it
is under snow I don't know if you were
able to see it balled up Paul you might
be bad but you see that car right there
right there all of that is covered in
snow this car over here it's lights are
going off from the wind so I don't know
don't even know that right there is also
a car I couldn't even see that car
that's a car oh my god a bumbaclot
madness bridge on so the time is 1237 am
I keep taking naps I take him like five
naps I just took like a 3-hour nap right
now it's just like so cold and I want to
be warm but now I'm up and I'm working
and I'm feeling it so we're getting it
done like ah what up the time is 3:00
a.m. bless these eggs Saladin gave me
bless the souls of everyone at the
Fowler show that gave me hugs they've
been coming to clutch I'm gonna go take
a shower then I'm going to edit this
vlog and then I'm going to watch the
American Horror Story since I'm
officially effed up my sleep schedule
and I'm like wide awake now so I've
saved one thing of soup and one anymore
I really want to eat the soup
laughter after conserve because I only
have a croissant left man eat eat
tomorrow
although just stop snowing it's 3:00
a.m. and I'm hearing a plow outside so
that seems to be getting better but
there I don't think there's any flights
leaving in the morning so at this point
it's kind of like I'm missing Sundance
for sure and now the stress is that my
whole team is just working on getting me
out of New York because I actually have
a really big shoot on Monday that like
will be very hard to reschedule so as of
right now all my flights have me landing
in such a way in LA that I will be very
late for that shoot so I'm kind of
getting screwed over left right and
center here but Fallon was so worth it
so so worth it but I got kind of a
tricky situation because I feel so out
of control if there's nothing I can do
person you're being like ah everything's
getting screwed over and everyone in
Salt Lake City my team was like oh my
god were praying for the Gothic on
materal I guess
Scott lives in Salt Lake City who
directed the trip to unicorn Island
movie I guess he's gonna have to take my
place and I'm I don't know it's kind of
crappy but let's go take a shower
let's go to be shower where I haven't
done that in a while
it's 5:00 a.m. wide awake but I'm a
little bit I mean edit this vlog try to
go to bed and hopefully hopefully go
home tomorrow
since I'm missing or some God sent a
miracle actually there's no way because
the time if there's no way out of it for
Sundance no way
it's really sad I was really looking
forward to a man damn it mother nature
hopefully I can fly out tomorrow and I
figure out my life and not half of the
rest of my days but I'm not too bad
thanks for joining me on another day and
I hope you had a great day and book
anything my notes if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you liked it subscribe does it live
forever liaison yummy so much aunty so
nice and wonderful and mindful so
company literally went by so quickly it
was and it was fun it was really really
fun what you guys have to let us know
what you thought about about
