I'm gonna puke okay so today we are
flying to New York because tomorrow I am
going to be on the Jimmy Fallon show
calm down calm down it's like it's gonna
be fine it's gonna be so fun
look don't worry about think
everything's gonna be alright this is
how I am I'm gonna be so fine it's gonna
be so great I'm so excited I'm so happy
I'm so grateful I'm so humbled but it's
good to be nervous being nervous means
you give a damn I am nervous I have
nervous like how I was when I met the
rock when I met Selena Gomez when I went
on tour same type of nerves no no no mmm
but that's still for a few hours I'm
actually going to my fitting right now
to finalize an outfit for the show and
then after that I have a call with the
producer and then I have an hour to pack
because it's such a tight schedule an
additional stress in my mind was you saw
a busy I was yesterday I had like no
time to breathe today is video day which
slipped my mind it's Thursday I am going
to a fitting right after the fitting I
have a call right off the clock epochal
right after I pack I'll have an hour I
am headed to the airport the flight
because the time difference is like five
six hours and then I lose three hours
the time difference when I land it's
essentially 12:30 a.m. like past
midnight when am i recording editing and
uploading a video I have no idea and
then I'm like even if I land and shoot
the wife at the hotel is probably not
gonna be great so just stand by I'm
gonna try my best but I just okay
I'm gonna I'm gonna edit yesterday's
vlog first let's let's okay let's one
step at a time
I'm sorry this is gonna be me one step
at a time okay so I just came back from
the fitting um luckily I'm like 90%
confident with the outfit not 100
because it wouldn't fit properly and
needs to be altered so I haven't
actually tried on the altered version
and because we're leaving so quickly
seeing it delivered to my house and I'm
literally getting on a plane so I'm 90%
confident um I hope you like it
I I like it it's a white black pantsuit
cuz you know all the pen said it was
like I don't want any heels I don't want
a short dress and why anything tight so
it's a pantsuit I get to what kicks with
it so it's like it's like it's a very
meet um I just hope it fits well it's a
little stressed about that I'm now I
have a call with
Fallon's producer in like 20 minutes and
I want to be impress upon that obviously
sorry this is like you get you're going
to see all sides of Lily right now the
frazzled the frazzled side I wouldn t
impress upon that
packing and I have to packing like
really really really quickly usually I
take like five hours back so my outfit
here we go here we go all right I'm all
checked in I'm flying alone Sarah's
gonna meet me there tomorrow morning
trying to train my brain into beating
like you're excited you expect and I am
excited it's just obviously I'm nervous
but it's an exciting thing like I want
to enjoy the moment and take in the
moment and taking experience you only go
on the following show for the first time
once so I want to take in this entire
experience the flight part uh I'm not
the biggest fan of New York but we're
gonna make this happen let's find this
loud because your homegirl hungry hello
just landed it is so cold or it's frost
all over the plane also there's supposed
to be a huge storm Saturday morning
Saturday and that's when I fly out to
Salt Lake City and they were asked me
like you should fly out Friday night you
should fly out Friday night
it's barely all these fights getting
canceled and I was like dude no I want
to watch fowling show live when it hears
like I need to watch it and it's a bit
of a tight turn on if I try to make any
evening play because of my rap time is
so there's a big chance I'll be stuck in
this storm that everyone's been talking
about aside from that I'm wearing all
the coats and I also have another coat
in my backpack I mean in my suitcase it
is midnight if you call from my previous
vlogs every single time I land in New
York something goes wrong the car's not
here or just it's just it's not the most
pleasant experience so we're hoping the
cars gonna be outside everything need to
be smooth last thing I want is any
additional stress but we're here you
made it in New York and oh my god it's
12:00 I'm on the Jimmy Fallon show today
okay so I'm gonna be important I'm
changing my mentality to adjust to New
York no matter what happens to be
positive it's gonna be good no matter
what happens when I be dessert no matter
I walked out he was right there
positivity prevails I should be I didn't
say positivity prevails holy crap it's
cold it's cold
I forgot what this piercing cold feels
like my hands it'll fall smoothest
arrival to New York yet smoothest
arrival yet car was waiting checked in
not a boutique hotels like please don't
give me a fancy boutique hotels what a
normal room although one of the bed and
a desk and my bed sofa and a desk I'm a
static about it so I just drove by the
Jimmy Fallon - just like the Jimmy
Fallon building um a lot have you been
commenting oh my god simple missus to
keep up I have been steppin my toes into
a little bit kpop because I fell in love
with CLM and it got me into this whole
world of others to have numbers like ah
um also someone even mentioned that you
want to fix my piercing so much because
like this y'all trust me you don't want
to fix it more than me basically what it
is is the backing is so long and the
last time I went to the shop didn't have
the shorter one there's enough to go to
the shop to like find a smaller one and
that's why he's twisting because the
backing is too long it's annoying as f
the time is like 2:20 a.m. I wouldn't
post a video on my channel I decided
it's not gonna be a comedy video it's
literally gonna be me announcing the
Jimmy Fallon thing it's kind of a cheap
way out of making a video I'm sorry I
just don't want to stay up super super
late I want to be super prepared for
tomorrow and I'm making a huge
disclaimer the video being like this is
not a comedy video it's an announcement
video and I'm sorry if you were
expecting a comedy video but I'm trying
to make that responsible decision so I'm
gonna do that right now
because I just don't want to miss video
today I want to post something and yeah
I actually brought my tripod this time
so I ain't got a bill dish yeah
okely-dokely just posted that video is
3:19 a.m. I want to wash my hair fix my
eyebrows a little bit I hit myself in
the face I'll I'm gonna try myself I'm
gonna show you my outfit um I'll do bang
to show to you it's it's it's fun it's
fun it's not like glam pretty own it's
it's me it's it's I'm gonna just shut up
enjoy you know it's this white blazer
and these are the pants
and I got these kicks I'm gonna try it
on one more time because I never tried
it on with alterations so I'm not gonna
show you try it on but like Frank Frank
Burt yo I got some medicine on my face
don't mind um I'm gonna head to bed this
lighting is so flattering oh my god I
look like halo I'm gonna head to bed of
this for ya I'm gonna do some emails and
head to bed tomorrow I'm gonna today
tomorrow whatever I'm gonna be on the
Jimmy Fallon show team supers gonna be
on the Jimmy Fallon show I know I've
said it a Blayne times thank you for
being patient for me as I freaked out
patient with me as I freaked out two
things one I turn on my outfit and I
think she forgot to alter the pants so
it's not a huge you like it's still
doable but it's slightly uncomfortable
Oscar is bringing a backup option but I
was like I put it on rock and I still
feel 90% about it and I don't like that
I like to feel a hundred percent about
things so a little bit stressed about
that secondly um I just posted the video
like I said and I would love if you all
join the conversation and experience
this with me before and during the show
if you want to tweet Lily on Fallon
because I can't wait to check out that
hashtag and read everything you guys
said so Lily on Fallon uh it's gonna I
think it's it's time zones are confusing
but it's 11:30 Eastern Standard Time
11:30 p.m. Eastern time I'm pretty sure
so I mean I'll be tweeting throughout
the day and stuff as well but tune in
thank you so much for your support
Frank I'm gonna go to bed and not
because if I starts talking about that
I'm gonna keep going so i'ma go to bed
tomorrow's a day or this together if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
how the VIPs are so cool I need some
flakes and need some tweaks but it's a
man cool I'm so excited for you all to
see it oh that exciting
