boom Shakalaka boom Shakalaka good
morning it is 9:50 I have a call in ten
minutes I supposed to wake up at 9:00
but I've been lying in bed for like
thirty minutes it takes me like an hour
to get up I said get up pressing moves
two times go through my emails go to my
Instagram like I need to get up wake my
senses up I have a call my voice is
groggy it's okay morning boys I boogers
in my eyes - no makeup for this cause a
video called a fad I'm gonna release a
vlog right now which see this is a
situation I have to look really early to
release the vlog in accordance to 12
Eastern Standard Time as they have been
so I'm gonna try to keep doing it I'd
have to release it at 9:00 a.m. my time
to make her 12 years from Saturday I'm
it's 10:00 so it's an hour late but I'll
get better at it let's do this call
nobody nobody nobody can drag me down
sorry I got a text is texting me okay so
I just searched my first call went great
I released my blog it is a couple
minutes before 11:00 I have another call
in nine minutes with my business
financial manager to discuss finances so
much fun I love finances I like love
Excel sheets I'm sarcastic but that's
what I'm doing and then I need to like
eat breakfast after that that's and then
take a shower gave my back to eat some
eggs that's the plan alrighty the time
is 11:30 I'm gonna make myself some
breakfast others there's face smudge on
my phone hold on does that ever happen
to you when you're on the folding of
your cheek smudge on the phone and I saw
like duck tea um I said it calls my
financial manager I love her she's like
Heaven Sent and I love her she teaches
me all the financial stuff I don't know
and I feel so much better every time I
talk to her and she's just quick now I'm
gonna make myself some eggs since I
bought six eggs I need to finish by
tomorrow make myself some eggs and then
I'm going to do a little bit of writing
and then because I have to send this
proposal for something and then I'm
going to get ready for my media train
I'm sorry every time I vlog my arm
starts falling asleep I'm saying bah bah
bah bah bah bah mmm but like yeah
whatever
um but now's what's up let's make a mess
alright we're cooking these eggs things
you gotta do put oil in the pan just a
little bit of oil
just a little
better ingredients eggs got six of those
mushrooms I don't have those spinach I
don't have that toast some bread I don't
have that let's start again ingredients
eggs got that perfect
hashtag single ladies hashtag living
alone hashtag Bachelorette life your
hashtag is light right now I'm basking
in the light we got a memo in the ocean
of light
okay more than one end you have to
finish six egg by tomorrow so we get two
egg 2 eggs 3 3x
tomorrow is I'm leaving tomorrow
my god after the 3 eggs what do I want
extra dinner hmm
don't want to eat for dinner I don't
know I hate for a sec egg play game hug
yourself in terms that egg egg egg egg
egg McMuffin egg egg gerson Humpty
Dumpty Humpty Dumpty was an egg he fell
it's a sad story 3 X 3 X 3 X 3 X more
each anody eggs damn I love eggs let's
say the cardio Schwarzenegger all of the
ladies give your eggs at home the club
is full of toast send them something
something something and I fell only the
joke's on egg because it's 11:30 and the
book club is adding a game just kidding
Elsa found some beans
ladies leave your babies at home the
club a spider eggs and the pack is
full-grown yo this is my order I'm
trying to do different things with my
hair half up half down to like alleviate
the neck pain sometimes and also try
some different stuff you know there's
pretty long although people think look
longer you can do so much it's also like
impossible to do a lot of things that by
yourself but half-up half-down little
jams going on right now it's kind of
like 12 year old but I'm kind of like
goes with the older at the same time you
know I mean rebellious I don't know I'm
making this crap I don't know anything
what the hell do I know
yo yo yo so I'm heading I wish to
Michael said that yo yo yo I'm having to
astronauts wanted office to watch the
final virtual reality virtual reality
clip which I'm really excited about but
that oculus is just so dope and some of
you have figured out when the HDTV is
coming up you'd only the exact date but
if you watch if you read sorry the
description on the Jimmy Fallon show
website then you'll know what month it's
coming out in so intent it's early
February it's early February exact date
coming soon how the VIPs are so cool I
need some tweaks and need some tweaks
but it's a man cool I'm so excited for
y'all to see it Oh Eddie I'm now heading
to my PR
company to do some media training three
hours of ever - gonna be honest I'm a
little nervous about to be like tested
for three hours and like filler but
nerve-wracking but stepping outside of
comfort zone learning new things that's
the mentality I need to have so we're
gonna learn new things the next three
hours let go can I just tell you my
publicist and I we are soul mates she
gave me all these colorful pens to her
take notes with and her office is full
of unicorns and full of positive vibes
and there's a sticker on a computer that
said warrior not a warrior and I was
like we're soul mates I took a picture
of it where you gotta surround yourself
of a team that knows you soul mates just
in her prayers pink like it's just the
soulmate situation okay so I'm back home
that three hours of media training I was
three hours was exhausting was so
helpful though I learned so much it was
great but I'm just like so drained
I feel like collapsing I'm so tired
um but I have a call right now I'm
actually four minutes late for the goal
and then after that I have a meeting at
my house so we just need to pick it and
pick it back up right now I'll get to
get is the seven second break right now
okay we're back up here we go alright
just finish that call and now Kyle from
astronauts Warren is on his way we gotta
do some movie related stuff I can do it
you know really I just you notice I just
need water and I need snacks that's
that's what I need right now that's what
I need we could where we're gonna do
this we're gonna do this is a very long
day I knew what I was getting into we're
gonna do this I'm doing really fun
things look at this look at this my
decals going up the last one Bob Marley
quote also we're about to do some fun
stuff I can't tell you what I'm gonna
say it's amazing and you're gonna love
it it's gonna involve a lot of my kisses
to you
alright the time was 10:30 I think I
think that's the time I mean 10:30
everyone just left we did a bunch of
cool work that you're gonna really
really love once I tell you about it I
am gonna be honest with you I am having
like severe anxiety right now and I only
have gotten like this a few times in my
life once was like the first show I did
on tour the first time I met the rock
when I was meeting Selena Gomez and now
I'm experiencing the same anxiety and I
think it's because of the fact that
we're in New York tomorrow and then the
next
shooting Fallon and I mean I've got
interviews all the time I'm very
self-aware I know my strengths I know my
weaknesses I'm generally pretty good at
interviews but this is like this is the
biggest interview have done in my life
thus far it's a really big deal and it's
like I'm really nervous I'm excited for
I'm excited for the opportunity like I
feel so grateful and so blessed I'm so
excited for the opportunity but I'm very
very nervous nervous and I can feel it
in my heart like I feel like throwing up
a little bit I feel my heart like racing
a little bit I'm thinking about I'm
getting a massage right now just to calm
myself down because I'm literally like
I'm feeling it like I feel sick to my
stomach thinking about it and but just
good that means I care about things and
I do care about this but I need to just
calm down a little bit because I'm I
need to take this advice right now
don't worry a bad thing cause every
little thing is gonna be alright God my
masseuse is the best man in the world
can you believe is 1:45 a.m. and he just
left calm your knotty mind he actually
came at 12:30 to a massage was the best
thing ever and my shoulders feel great
and I feel way more relaxed way better I
am really tired though I have to wake up
tomorrow 9:00 to go for my fitting for
my outfit for Jimmy Fallon so I'm making
that decision to not add my vlog tonight
I'm gonna do tomorrow morning it might
be a few hours late but I'm deciding
that I need sleep to be prepped for
tomorrow that's a decision I'm making um
thank you I'm so glad you two come along
these journeys with me so you can see me
like I know sometimes on my main channel
if you just watch those videos you think
I'm like super pumped all the time super
everything I am I like to believe I am a
confident person I am you know loud and
fun and bold but dude I get nervous and
this is like the real me behind the
scenes like I'm nervous as I've but I've
made some sleep because I'm already
feeling sleepy from the massage and I'm
figuring it's a good idea to go to sleep
while I'm so drowsy and sleepy instead
of me waking up by doing work and then
stressing not sleeping all night so as
I'm thinking thank you for joining me on
today on my date and tomorrow we're
heading to New York if you like it
subscribe if you like it that's good
we're in this together if you like it
subscribe me these jacket this jacket
the YouTube Jackie on the back it says
rewind class of 2015 as a thank you for
being in rewind which is like so dope
and the thing I'm most excited about
