I woke up like this well clearly good
morning the time is 10:45 I just chucked
out it cut off my bracelet and
everything it's officially over it's
official on the weather outside is
horrendous it's windy and rainy and I
feel like Ellie is gonna be nice
although la is kind of windy and rainy
right now as well but my transportations
on its way that I'm head to the
airport's officially over Mexico's done
a little bit of starting by this
especially because I missed I wouldn't
miss my friends all over again
my feelings yeah
aqua head to the airport and I need to
change my mental state because once I
land
we're in work mode and I can't my body
and mind can't believe I'm still on
vacation so a little bit of talk with
myself change my mental state and get
ready boo the damn bang
also today all I had to do was wake up
20 minutes earlier in a crab breakfast
the first time ever here and it didn't
so that's that so Sunwing messed up my
departure as well and so 40 minutes wait
to go the airport so let's see what
happens I get on the side if I'm gonna
once again live in the terminal stay
tuned not cute someone knock you
not even like a little bit cute you know
sometimes you see those babies under
like oh they're cute they're also like
you're that you're that I'm annoyed at
you son way I'm gonna like
alright so 20 minutes until boarding I
go to this else doesn't work so I go to
the front lady and I'm like hey so I
checked it in I'm like rushing and she's
like okay so we're Nala gate yet you'll
know 20 minutes before boarding and I'm
like well there's less than 20 minutes
right now so do you have a gate and she
told me gate so now I'm like rushing
there 20 minutes to get the security
it's what happens and these people are
walking very slow positively positive
unicorns I am a happy person and I'm a
happy person
nailed it
I'm so excited to walk into my apartment
very not you knows him too cold but turn
on the heat I'm just so excited to be
home first thing I do yeah yeah so did
you notice in the previous clip I said
it feels nice to be home at least
finally feeling like home where's
feeling like home so that's nice I like
to think I've two homes
Elian Toronto Toronto so as you might
you know my home home but it feels
really nice to be back I really miss my
apartment I'm so ready to get back to
work but y'all let's talk about this
real quick I've you know I to be
self-aware let me spit on my gums with
my obnoxious douche bag by the way I
left my place so super created I'm like
so impressed with myself hold up and I
understand what my mom was also adamant
on leaving the place clean for you
leakage so nice to come back to clean so
mom once again you're right but okay one
of my biggest pet peeves of life I've
noticed I've taken notes through my life
and I feel like this is my number one
pet peeve is rude people the reason I
say that is I feel like I have a lot of
patience I can deal with a lot of types
of situations but I've noticed that my
emotional and physical and mental
response to rude people is something I
have a very hard time controlling this
is why I hate Air Canada because every
time I've ever in a situation to Air
Canada they've pushed me to such a point
where I can't control my like thoughts
feelings and body anymore like they've
made it so that I start crying in a
terminal were like I don't cry very
often for me to cry me something's
really affecting me but even if it's
something ridiculous true people just
like they make me want to cry they make
me like start saying things that I
usually wouldn't say because like I like
to be a nice person but rude people I
just have a hard time it's a certain
type of rude people it's not just people
that don't hold the door or like I just
you know having a bad day it's people
who intentionally go out of their way to
give you a hard time
happen with our candidate just happened
with a u.s. customs agent so I go I'm
like hi how are you you know my
pleasantness maybe I'm biased but I was
being Pleasant and he's like oh so you
have oh one visa McGavin visa he's I
could give you a customs card I gave him
all the stuff things like where's your I
9 T 7 I have never been asked this
question before so I was like I'm sorry
my my what and he's like where
you're a 97 I'm like oh I'm not sure
what that is honestly I do know what it
is his response where's your I 97 I'm
like sir I'm not sure what you're asking
me for if you could just clarify could
help you wouldn't let me speak kept
cutting me off just very going out of
his way to give me a hard time
well you should know what it is if you
have a one reason like sir I've never
been asked this question before if you
just tell me what it is I can tell you
where it is anything is the documents us
to have that assist service I'm like oh
you know what it might be in my email
because I've never been asked as I've
always crossed the board you know I
crossed the border 100 times
I always show up one visa in my passport
it's most be something that accompanies
your Owen visa at all times and like sir
I'm sorry I never knew that so what do
you do and that to give my whole life
story just kept cutting me off every
time I was answering just being so super
rude and I'll just like if you want I
can show you my email I can no supposed
to print it out and like don't know what
to tell you I did not know that I know
now I'll make sure I have it next time
and just like lecturing you so rules I'm
all for security at borders having rules
I'm not mad any of that it's just the
fact that kept cutting me off in a way
where it wasn't even like he was trying
to obtain that document he was just
trying to make me feel horrible and
trying to be a mean person that was just
like biting my tongue cuz I'm like I'm
not trying to fight with his customs
officers they don't let me into the
country but I was just like you are so
rude I memorized his face and memorize
maybe like I ever see you again
mommy mean to you what I'm just gonna
remember what this moment did I you made
me feel so I make sure I don't make
anyone else ever feel like this but yeah
he was so horrible and rude and I was
just like I walked away I was like why
do I feel like I want to cry I want it
this means I don't care about this guy
at all the situation means nothing he
left me and it doesn't matter but I was
just like rude people stop you never
know what kind of day someone's having
how long do they was what they're going
through you can make or break their day
just be a nice person
god damn it say what you mean but don't
say it mean that's what's up you would
up alright so landed I took a poop now
being straight to work on my little
little notepad here I made a list of
things I need to get number one big wire
from my hard drive I can't do any work
without that hard drive because all my
stuff is on there and if you recall I
broke that wire while I was on vacation
so I'm heading there I'm going to walk
to Staples and then walk to Ralph's pick
of a few thing
grocery related mostly rock stars and
then I'm going to walk to Chipotle for
dinner cuz I have no food I fly to New
York on the 21st is the 19th and then
from Uruguay to Salt Lake City makes no
sense for me to buy groceries all I'm
buying is milk and eggs it makes no
sense to me buy anything else um but
bring New York on 21st
uh that's the whole separate issue let's
go run these errands first oh my god I'm
wheeling a cart a cart for my shopping
I'm basically grandma based on vlogging
on my face tiring but I felt I need to
participate anyways okay honestly I
don't mean to keep like annoying about
like keep complaining about crap but
this grocery store is just annoying the
crap with me right now
apparently now it's not a thing to
except the Canadian ID so I can't buy
alcohol it's not even a big job buying
alcohol because I have a meeting coming
up if we're going to come over and eat
I'll call and it won't take my canadian
idea apparently and even passport
apparently I need to a gross dropping my
passport I'm like it's an official
Canadian ID like read your passport who
calls grocery shopping with the passport
I have shopped here a bazillion times
before no one has ever asked me for a
passport and now randomly they require
passport I'm like I think you have
bigger problems than a Canadian trying
to buy one I think I think you're bigger
dots sometimes you do some stuff to give
you a little bit of extra sharing today
Chipotle it's fine
I'm not mad about the grocery thing I'm
sorry this vlog seems kind of like me
complaining but it's just such a stupid
rule it's up to the cashiers discretion
to take my ID so it's like I either have
to take her know or try every cashier
until one says yes it's like either yes
or no and it's just so strange that
really travel the world and use my
Canadian ID for everything around the
world except I can't buy a bottle of
alcohol in a grocery store in LA don't f
accurate representation of how I just
went through my emails in my inbox
did you did y'all on the best and so
helpful is so smart and I love you
all right check out these folders I
bought they're called twisted folders hi
Nana
it's like one color on the outside one
code on the inside and they have like
all these dual colors things like this
make me excited to work like it's a pink
folder and inside it's green like it
makes me excited to work it is that
exciting time when I fix lollies and
also I open all these packages I got
while being away and I already know some
exciting things are gonna be in these
packages so stand by so much dope this
has happened this company
I don't know pronounce it back bandy
bendy a paint a semi logos don't work on
stuff oh I'm so happy about it because
this camel print is life you do sent me
this jacket this jacket the You Tube
jacket on the back it says rewind class
of 2015 as a thank you for being rewind
which is like so dope and the thing I'm
most excited about my boo thang Rose
semi nerdy nummies with measuring spoons
letting have any and a whisk is that a
whisk I notice does the baking spatula
and have either those things with all
these cute stickers yo I was just going
through her book and I already saw like
unicorn poop cookies and I was like look
up first of all look how cute she is
she's freaking cute as hell I adore her
oh my god here it is look look unicorn
poop cookies I freaking love that thank
you so much rose going on my youtuber
bookshelf and it's a box that came in
like goals AF man role killing it
ever crazy person I got hit in the face
with several objects that were very
heavy um I bought this calendar because
if you watch my vlogs you know I have to
see things on like paper I can't do
everything electronically so I have a
calendar printed out that I travel with
that's on paper and I also bought this
and it literally just reflects my
electric eye calendar my iCal but I just
need to be able to write things to
remember things so I my calendar a lot
of traveling going on um we got New York
on the 22nd and the 23rd 24th we got
Salt Lake City I'm going for Sundance
and then that I'm coming back on 25th
25th to the 29th I'm in LA and then on
the 30th if I had to Trinidad but my
Shoutmon date I just had a call with
Michele and missed his sweet voice knows
wonderful ons well I just looked at my
calendar kind of like there's a lot of
things a lot a lot a lot of things that
uh I'm kind of like am I going to finish
all this but it's okay teamwork makes
the dream work we're gonna put in that
extra hustle gonna get it done the time
is 11:40 1 p.m. I'm going to go put on a
bra I'm going to a quick arm workout and
then I'm going to edit this vlog post
this ball go to sleep tomorrow I have a
call at 10:00 I have to submit something
by one I have a meeting at 2:00 meeting
at 3:00 a meeting at a call at 7:00 and
a meeting at 7:30 so it is a very busy
day tomorrow
but a lot of exciting things are
happening we're gonna work on my arm
never do this in the gym and again and
the gym you better work work um so
that's gonna happen and I will talk to
y'all tomorrow thank you for joining me
on my day we're back in LA hustling
harder than ever before thank you for
joining me on my date I hope you got a
stupendous day wherever you are
mmm photosynthesis and tomorrow's a new
day
so yeah if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
ah
