you blog featuring women good morning
sorry if the audio qualities of it wack
it is windy outside today so big chilly
no work is happening by the pool of the
beach I'm gonna stay my room probably
and do some work it is video game it's
Monday
it's Thursday the Monday to Thursday I
only need to remember two days I still
can't do that I think it's Monday
I think it's Monday so it's video day I
want to do a bunch of work today noise
that everyday is nothing unique about
that but it's our last day in Mexico
here's what's gonna add knows what's
gonna happen
make a video go through my emails go
wash my hair I'm gonna make a list of
goals personal goals for the rest of the
year for when I get back because now my
you're officially starting because but
passion is all one when I have a cheek
implant so this disappears I won't have
a great last day I also want to work on
one of my secret projects I know it's a
lot of stuff but that's what we wanted
to say but first we eat buffet for one
of the last times oh my god we're gonna
go back to eating tofu laughs entire
vacation didn't have breakfast once
that's a true vacation repeat from
yesterday
I've been feeling really weird since
yesterday I was telling I knew that like
I'm just a really weird me once I don't
want to believe we're crab so I keep
like making animal noises it
spontaneously I reached that level of
delusion but I've done some wacky things
to my hair cuz I'm just like I don't
know I felt like that I just feel like
it so expect a very weird law I didn't
put makeup on either cuz I move Oh blue
also wearing the same I will be
fine I love it it's a brain and colorful
and I love it banana yeah yeah I realize
I have not shown you the wonderful
buffet yeah and all the days I've been
here and all the glorious food look at
this
yeah I think I go up getting uploaded on
my place and I take quak quak quak quak
quak quak quak
Oh Yahweh Yahweh yo it is 3p I just came
back from breakfast slash lunch yeah and
then I went poop it was good one and now
I'm gonna work on my video and get some
work done there's like pockets of
sunshine which is like tempting to do
let's go outside every time I go that's
like freezing so yes I'm working on I
must sit right here on this desk that's
too high for the chair we won't get our
video done let go team super super
Monday it's super Monday right it was a
Monday
yo what's a Monday super one day
vacation turn
away yeah
not a very hard time thinking of a video
idea right now as I've walked outside of
the particular hour usually when I can't
think my dears I take showers and that
gives me a lot of ideas but hope I can
think of one soon because I'm gonna lose
a natural light soon and I really need
that to shoot the video cuz my Lassiter
looks so good
also I'm holding my phone above this
just really risk use me we should
probably stop doing that it's lighting
Mona might look I'm such a hippie I'm
gonna get with it no so 6:15 I built a
little tripod chase bought me this
little thing it's very helpful and
today's trough tripod is brought to you
by Kunal Nayyar and Lindsey Stirling so
thank you very much for supporting my
videos video making my video is called
thoughts that go through my head or
something long lines if thoughts that go
through my head while I'm having a
conversation I'm something Jason I've
talked about a lot of notion and I
talked about a lot so Chase is gonna
help me with the video MBNA I'm just
waiting for him to come so that he can
be in it and yeah that's the status x6
14 so a little bit late not too late but
yeah we out here trying
all right just finish recording about to
edit chase took so long to calm him by
the time he came my hair got frizzy so
now I look like a first master 5000 my
video make sure you comment that under
the video brands master 5000 that's
what's up that's it it is it is 7 p.m.
yo yo somehow managed to pull together
no fit one more open for dinner our last
dinner with a know SHINee's tank top
some bell-bottoms I got this cool thingy
that I forgot I brought a fan maybe this
necklace or never at all the time and
throwing some red lipstick nothing a
little red lipstick cats all yeah I mean
red lipstick really solves everything
and then this is the vibes that's kind
of cute I'm kinda gonna convince chase
to take some pictures of you
that's really good
okay help me find the name of a song and
it's so good sory but she was like
really unhelpful but about a really
really really rude really rude yo yo yo
yo yo
so just packing up stuff I can't believe
it's over my god time flies like it's
already January 20th you're not crazy
Johnny 19 sorry is that crazy 19 days
already long the year where does the
time grab no idea pack him to leave box
letters earlier than everyone else's I'm
really early in the morning I'm
traveling alone and they're all going
together I'm just like home with me let
me go see you dog being in LA yeah I'm
seeing them again but we want to be able
to edit this go to bed
hopefully release it before I leave
because I pick up is pretty early and
I'm heading back to LA back to work mode
no more beach no more pool no more mini
bears no more strawberry daiquiris no
more cosmos but going back I went back
to work
dominating 2016 that's what's up we're
doing it but do I do it if you like it
subscribe did you like it subscribe to
the gym and we have a dinner in a like 9
so I start to get ready but I don't have
any more clothes to wear
I thought this really dressy dress I
don't feel it dressing up so like idly
went through an ocean suitcase and just
took all of her clothes that I'm wearing
them now I know when she walks in like
you're gonna blow your shirt I'm wearing
all of her clothes
friendship hashtag friendship
