we're coming to you from the future I'm
back and my ears are so plug from the
plane I can't hear anything so am I
talking loud because I can't hear myself
welcome back to loosing father we hustle
harder and productivity lives you're
amazing time in Trinidad not gonna lie
when I left I was like
uhh
why did I just sing my song I don't know
gross there's flame in my throat
here's the mission for today goggle
grocery shopping got unpack a glitter a
secret thing I can't tell you anything
about so you won't see anything about it
then I'm going to tell us our game pump
is also coming back today
so probably also welcome in monopoly
deal I should probably also get my life
back together with work all the things
let's do it
so yesterday I got home and literally
there was a pile of dirty dishes in my
sink
flowers your house like fresh flowers
are so beautiful and smell great when
they die they smell horrible and they're
literally the beta mags it's like a
bittersweet thing you know it's like me
before and I don't drinking like when I
start it's beautiful by the end of it
I'm like get out of my face anyways
there's no food expired food in the
fridge honest like why am i such trash
so now if we got some food grocery
shopping especially since couples coming
and we're humble gets angry it's not a
nice thing look at all this work waiting
for me here as well thank you uh Jack
Aris I missed you baby I miss you baby
honestly I gotta say everyone in La is
so damn nice the person who begged my
groceries the guy at the front it's like
have a good day how are you everyone is
so friendly here also I'm in a
compromising mood so the bananas are
half green and half yellow don't say I'm
not a good friend also might be hotter
here than in Trinidad - sorry
Oh gross he's done given the points eyes
totally don't feel good I'm so congested
can't hear this year I'm trying to push
myself and be like okay drink some water
make it happy go better cause I have a
really exciting day ahead of me I wanna
feel a hundred so let's go eat some real
food now just clean my fridge because it
was a mother effin disaster so giving
some bonus points also about to curl up
my hair for the all-star game represent
paint dots super grateful
shadows to W me for hooking me up with
all start to gets like I went to the
all-star weekend what thought such a
privilege and an honor I'm so so
grateful
I don't move to LA and I'm or is like I
love it I love it I won't make one thing
super clear unlike the focus right now
there it is it doesn't matter where I
live I'm a wreck Toronto well the day I
die
there'll even be tweeting me and calling
sending questions like you all which
team you would invite up you know I
don't know yeah I had six side
by the way I know Internet you thought I
was winding one about people no you
don't have to myself it was the girl er
what I'm just doing my makeup if you
haven't been following my Instagram
first of all why but you wouldn't know
that I'm so excited well I mean you
should already know about this but I'm
so excited about it I launched a new
campaign with Smashbox it is for the
superfan mascara it is the one I wear
all the time and it was you know I'm
really particular about my lashes I was
like let me get our mascara that makes
me just cry like a mother effort I will
take the role of Raven and Game of
Thrones so I could just lift off the
mother and Robert I'm so excited you
know I in love with Miss Nash monk I did
do boss with them the lipstick and
they're so cool and they just let me be
me and they always have quality products
and it's cruelty free which is very
important to me
there it is superfan superfan superfan
more details to come about this I just
want to tell you about it on the vlog
fan change vlog fam Chad I should make
that up I like it but superfan mascara
is my new thing getting excited about it
mmm my secret thing nearly runs so away
I'm gonna rush the Staples Center catch
the end of the slam dunk competition
let's do it holy crap getting sent in
circles also I've never walked through a
group of such thirsty mother-effing guys
in my life and after this I'm gonna rant
about how men should act like mother
epic gentlemen if they ever want a girls
talk to them straight up
so I made it for the very last dunk but
the last 40 seconds I made it and this
guy got me in getting in here was let me
tell you how to not pick up a girl hey
yo you and the jumpsuit what's your name
every guy I walk my was like yo what's
your name you want where does that ever
work for you when and don't even get me
started so I don't know ladies can you
relate to this and you're walking in a
crowded area there's some guys that will
not accommodate feel like they will not
move their shoulder an actual study was
done about this huh guys I want to
generalize but a lot of guys don't
accommodate for women walking by them so
one guy just bumped into me on my hair
got stuck in his pin I believe my hair
got yanked on this pin a chunk of my
hair was in his pin it looks like a
weenie put on his pin and I don't wear a
weave because this guy and it was just
like walking through the most thirsty
men ever y'all what's your name your red
jersey washer I think we're waiting in
line for customs right now but you're
wrong sitting outside out the door right
now it's always like this no matter what
it's better not right now I mean it
thanks sugar daddy yeah you look like a
sweetheart a humble yeah okay okay
put it away all right a humble time what
happened here we played five very
intense games Lilly won the first Lilly
won the second snail-pace hurry it up I
won the third I won the fourth and the
Tigers we went to so this is proof that
even when I lose it goes in the vlog
this is proof out of you can have some
real talk with y'all I don't know what
it is right now is it gonna be such a
like vague confusing segment and we're
talking about right now cuz I actually
don't know what I'm feeling but I'm just
like talking anything you're loud I'm
having a really hard time recently by
recently I mean like the last couple
months although I'm doing fantastic
things and they're so fun I'm so
grateful I'm still very happy I'm having
a very hard time dealing with life
that's a very broad statement but it's
true I feel like I'm not as resilient as
I once was I feel very overwhelmed with
my life and with all the things
happening and I'm a really strong person
I think the strength is like on a
spectrum I don't think people can be
strong all the time so maybe I'm just
like going through a period of time
where I'm not as strong but I just feel
very like unable to cope with things I
kind of feel like I'm going crazy
I really do I feel like I'm going crazy
I'm so confused about my life I'm so
confused about people I just I don't
know what it is I'm having a rough time
in life recently I just want to share
that with you
I don't know why I'm still very grateful
and I'm doing cool things I think I'm
just like going through a little bit of
a funk you know on that no completely
unrelated I banked something for y'all
hopefully it makes you laugh and gets
you out of a funk if you are in a funk
enjoy my parents reacting to my video
with John Legend we're coming to you
from the future my parents would have
went back to Toronto already but we bank
this because long segments so y'all
watch my videos yes I know my dad
watched every single my videos were long
is more below a little bit but do you
know my 12 collabs of Christmas yes
who's your favorite Club John do you
have to say that just cuz we reacted do
know who is real
was Will Smith huh Rock and John Legend
and also Carly colostomy Wow okay
although I'm sure you already seen this
but I wanted a live reaction feel free
to say or react however you'd like to my
John Legend video a new app that fixes
your love life featuring John Legend -
my mom is a big fat so am i he's very
good very good
he talks like me boob castle single
cousins you sing us off with a back home
- no one see I don't know how he appears
just like that magic I know she to be
real
you must be nothing we thought for real
though did you see keep singing I want
to buy them
we're not a smile
what John Major's I'm sure you divide
that demonic apart Nessa favorite friend
I have a party oh you like it you like
it i likey singing what you have a
lighting stays for the singing the whole
time
he's gifted his gift you guys nothing
nothing with me because I was just
watching you thank you this guy heavy
it's a nice video but believe me I seen
him before right there yeah what is this
that's your miss sure biz mom well the
kids people and with that in the fact
that I drank one glass of water and all
the Karma's gonna be about that why the
after that put that icon there I don't
know let's see how we did oh I didn't
unpack why tomorrow for sure
until then bye
you
