what remember of BTS are you having fun
isn't part if you've got a library card
going over how so harder it is actually
midday right now I kind of forgot forgot
the vlog I'm like what is this again oh
uh we got a dog day ahead of us here's
the missions you know I don't write a
script go through my inbox I have a
shoot a meeting then I might eat some
junk food aside from all of that I'm
gonna make sure I stay let lick give me
the points let's talk about these twelve
classes that are starting on Thursday
it's been really difficult for two
reasons one of the ideas I have are not
just like level one basic mother I have
an idea and number two the talent I'm
trying to secure a not just level one
basic mother every pieces it out so it's
been hard across the board I've had to
write a million creative I've had to get
rejected rejected rejected sometimes not
rejected then rejected I'm oh you're
putting on work for these twelve collabs
Oh starting Thursday can't wait hey yo
ho I got a question for you okay why
could you not just move over on that
damn door and make jack sit on it as
well why y'all both have to freeze to
death give me the answers I want answers
okay every four twelve collapse we take
a moment look at this sexy effing on the
naughty list
elf right here stealing all the cookies
I'm lactose intolerance I couldn't even
drink that right here boom boom boom
boom boom boom actually lactose
sensitive I'm just being dramatic I'm
actually a yes from other times if you
asthmatic but this is actually and tell
them big news what you want Twitter
let's pop it on Twitter because they
don't think it's like 240 characters but
that's not what it is tell them what it
is be launched in a vigil
freakin certified by mama unicorn Lilly
Singh fans at noticing favorite words
where you can officially call the news
and updates and contests and all the
exclusives about team super so go ahead
I'll put the information right there
missing fans follow that I should make
it your new religion I didn't say that
what who I'm not starting called what
alright so the time is 408 p.m. and we
have 19 followers Wow does happen when
the basic holes on your team still have
the notifications on for this account
and days about to get more
right now it is 409 p.m. 213 followers
fire y'all see this y'all see this this
matching lay out the splitters for all
y'all who sass me all the time on my
layout not matching Oh what was that
oh I have better things to do what's
that was that oh I don't they're making
coin I'm too busy making content but
what's that I don't have all day to
match my letter profile with it I then
are you ready for this fire did my
meeting give me the point won't the
script give me the point did a call
without a thing give it a point now I
gotta get ready for a pickup show we're
doing the first clap of Christmas is 90%
done there's one shot we did not capture
we're doing today and it'll be releasing
on Lily so we're gonna have you take
some k-pop quizzes okay I don't nothing
lucky oh by the way well I know I'm not
wanna be CL and I want to date a member
of ETS but they're black person a leader
in okay he's about to do that okay pop
quiz ease weekly before you film you
should put some makeup on what remember
of BTS are you she was a houseplant oh
good I don't know the last time I kept a
houseplant alive really quite least
amount of love I'm not a goddamn baby
did you sound like high-maintenance girl
who wants like a lot of struggle one of
those fake trees yes click who are you
in your friend group the quiet one hell
no the funny one I mean the 31 I'm gonna
have to go ahead and praise myself and
see the funny one I'm pretty sure I'm
hilarious though it's difficult to as a
favorite song but it's gonna be dope
choose an element
pick a fruit I'm gonna mango or else I
think that's like racist I don't name
this turtle I like the fact I'm calling
a turtle turtle I appreciate that so
turtle which team would you join team
swag team trouble team step up I'm gonna
say step up because I feel like in life
I'm just always stepping up to the plate
this is all about me this is all about
making me feel good okay
which mythical creature is your favorite
why is unicorn here why is yours are not
with gold unicorn and finally choose a
bacon to cook dance to the tornado okay
but that's just bad advice always
remember your beautiful sparkling
butterfly dream of thing more exciting
event like jump on fire you have to
light stuff on fire you have to is
definitely not able to I look like some
sort of if and blogger just keep it up
I'm into the confetti lung confetti
sounds cool I'm not j-hope like j-hope
you are a bundle of sunshine and
laughter kit know me so well you are
such a happy person you'll edit the
lives of everyone you're around y'all
hear that couch a mother that's an
blessings I can get back to work
keep that positive utilities because the
world needs it j-hope and I can get a
picture of jail brightener so we can
ship us
that's what what because number I'm
destined to marry pocus can be multiple
he was your favorite caller all talented
favorites because I don't have other
colors feelings I had hopping she was a
delicious entree where's our vegetarian
options I've never had Korean barbecue
by the way I've never I didn't know what
existed when I ate meat and they ain't
even vegetarian ever was like rebars
like a big shout out to the desert
they're sweet as you this quit flirting
with people ice me choose a hobby
heavens a hobby
don't you need these your time to do
these things singing dancing gaming
pottery writing yoga cooking yeah oh god
okay
I'm gonna dance you're an entertainment
company oh this seems like a brandade
mother-effing quiz I'm on to you guess
I'm supposed to take a big hit cuz I
know big his associating with BTS that's
the opposite of all of my videos but
choose a role you wish to take kick
Cheska what lead and lead vocalist you
rap leader Oh lead rapper that's what's
up she was a wedding whoa music thing I
am fearing this commitment I'm gonna
throw my computer at the window oh these
are really extra and I would never sell
my money on this but I'm gonna say this
beach one whose is more important in a
relationship
where's prenup I must say loyalty cuz I
like Kendrick Lamar choose where you'd
like to travel
I guess Korea makes a lot of sense let's
go there is your favorite wings album
track I'm gonna say blood sweat and
tears when I reacted to I got Jim Nabors
I say that jimin and the whole be like
to minsu we Jimin oh you know it's
pretty fire right now he got this life
listen you can't tell how old I am so
everyone can hear it that's what you got
going on I am down give us what is can
we guess your favorite k-pop group based
on your personality I know that she
broke away a little bit but I hope CL is
in this and I hope I'm her how often do
you get complimented on your looks okay
do YouTube comments count though
what's the compliment sometimes my mom
once in a while all the time in the most
humble way obviously all the time and
that's just because y'all dig me up in
my comment section because you know that
my self esteem needs it what did you on
Friday night how easy you want to get
here you were to have this write scripts
almost they stay home how old are you
whoa I love how and older is after 21
when does make for 21 older I'm 22
what your friend what'd you do write
them confront them comfort your friends
this doesn't mean that I could have fun
but I would be like the person I thought
was not very nice so at a party what are
you doing
probably hosting it you know me I like
to do my viewing parties how many
friends you have oh jeez tonight define
friend that's the real question here I'm
gonna say three to five cuz I don't
think I'm that popular are you a trend
setter or follower okay I set my own
trends motherf and you ever see me play
with slime why break so what do you do
see I would be doing any of these
where's the resolution of problem
solving I guess that's the closest to
calling the cops
a sauce they calling the cops I'm XO I'm
XO I don't excite me I can summon their
music as well I really wanted CEO home
sales part of to anyone I know
alright if you like these quizzes and
you want me to do more of them leave
them in the comments below and I'll
react and do all the quizzes and things
I learned a lot about myself most
importantly I learned that I should have
a boyfriend that's in a kpop my
boyfriend I assigned ting that a text
when I have time and I'm not writing
scripts at once no commitment you're
Tony you look really hot today you look
really good today trails going on what's
what's happening here oh my god you saw
with Shane oh my god she's got a five
o'clock shadow there hmm
you know I have a thing for people that
look like they can be in k-pop groups
you right up my alley
I got head spin go Pam you couldn't talk
to the drop the camera but he did it
so amazing as a mom and role model for
all these teenagers oh my god and yes
that's true that's pretty good we
deserve something do mises we finish
your shoes give us a point now I'm gonna
eat all the junk food you don't even
know how am i f you up right now I'm
gonna after you up so good Ohama take it
nice and slow
imma treat you right cama put a ring on
you right now I'm a double tap all yo
goddamn pictures tell you look beautiful
you when you look stank
oh snap crackle pop mad tired fam I
really put out today so friggin hard
let's see how we did
Wednesday when you're watching students
tomorrow a chunk lapse of Christmas star
and also today when you're watching this
I'm shooting my third collab which I'm
so excited about kind of nervous about
what's so excited and I can't wait tell
us if you like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe also reminder you're done
it yet
freakin right after this is done in a
couple seconds at Lilly Singh fans on
Twitter follow up you're gonna wanna do
that it's gonna be late news exclusives
contests all the Tings them that you
might not here for me you might hear
from them so make sure you go ahead and
do that
