this sun is shining good morning today
is Sunday I had a good sleep I woke up
still feeling a bit if you watch Esther
just vlogging rods but upset when I went
to sleep and I saw your sweet comments
very supportive comments I'm happy to
see there were no like mean comments
towards that girl and a lot of people
like Lily it's not like you let stuff
bother you like this
Janna and I know it's such a small thing
and looking back at a tree I'm like yeah
that's not a big deal but no I still do
carrot I still I still want to say I
didn't care because I really care about
girl love like and it saddens me when I
see people that act like that so it did
upset me and elements if it's tulips
that mean I know it's not good Dylan you
know it's it's kind of like it happens
stuff happens Canada gets you gotta be
positive and positive unicorn I will be
but I still care about certain things
and I care about people and I care about
things so cool but today is a different
day today I want to be so productive I
want to work by the poi it's hot but
it's not super super hot so when I work
by the pool when I send emails want to
do some writing I want to just I'm just
ready to be productive I just you know
me a prolonged amount of vacationing
like that's gonna stress me I'm ready to
like get back to work or day tomorrow
cheese you're flying back and enjoy them
but be productive tomorrow's video day
so I need a video for tomorrow as well
and that's what's happening so new day
new energy thank you for all your
support I'm gonna be okay and we're
gonna be okay and I'm so glad you're all
excited about Jimmy Fallon because I'm
also very excited / nervous / gonna puke
/ hmm so we've been here for like a good
amount of days tomorrow there no last
full day we've yet to have breakfast but
we've not had breakfast in the buffets I
know she's really bad at multitasking
umm where are you doing hi
told you that you really better
multitasking yeah yeah yeah I was saying
I was saying oh never had breakfast yet
oh yes we've never had worse you want
pancakes and waffles worse this time
tomorrow this is her TED talk was there
we've claimed this bed as our own yes
even though there's many free breads no
but it's like a jackpot to find these
kinds of things are working so fast I
was just like we should probably start
working soon but then there's like
gelato there's the Sun that little wind
right there um yeah so we're just like
jamming out right now looking like but I
look like a bomb around good wedding
same pants can come up oh so I've come
to terms with my hair being aft up his F
okay there it is look at this cute shot
it's called mini beer it's the cutest
thing ever
he smells like miracles mmm yo then
eaten by all the mosquitoes right now
all the mosquitoes are eating us right
now I'm sitting on this cute thing pools
there everything's very pretty I just
got one major piece of work but not
really work done let me just drop off
this thing so I don't die oh one piece
of work done which I've wanted for a
long time I actually have been working
on for like three weeks and I'm just
gonna tell you a little bit about it I'm
not excited too many details because
it's just like it's like precious to me
and you know it's like a personal thing
but I basically texted Dwayne being like
hey I have a lot of questions about my
career that I kind of want some guidance
with and basically the one thing I want
to say is that for someone is busy and
famous and just doing a billion things
that Dwayne the rock Johnson would be
doing can I just tell you that I sent
the email texted him right after and he
already said he was reviewing it and I
was just like I just tweeted this as
well because it was so inspirational to
me I think that the most inspirational
thing sorry the best inspiration you can
ever gain from someone is remembering
how they make you feel and the fact that
someone can be that big and that busy
and still take the time to like yes I
will help you and answer questions you
have what your career is like amazing
and outstanding and I think that's so
inspirational and people like that like
he needs to just keep reproducing and
keep having
because people like that are amazing and
the kids you already have has are
amazing as well and I get everything he
touches just gonna be amazing and I just
like so thrilled to be like he would
help me because I know some parts of my
career I'm like I don't know what I'm
doing and I need advice I need to ask
him who's been through it and knows
stuff cuz I don't know a lot of stuff I
make up a lot of stuff and he supplied
so nice they were so sweet oh just like
good on you eight-year-old Billy who
decided to look up to him as a role
model you made the right weapon choice
because that man is just stunning and
wonderful inside now and I want to jump
into this pool right now because he
makes me so happy but now I'm not gonna
stop being creepy because I know you
watching this a moan so no she's going
to the gym and we have a dinner and a
like 9:00 so I start to get ready by
don't having more close to where I was
this really dressy dress I don't feel
like dressing up so like idly went
through an ocean suitcase and just took
all over clothes that I'm wearing them
now and now which walks in like you're
gonna buy your shirt I'm wearing all of
her clothes friendship
hashtag friendship it's why she was like
okay good go through my cooking gonna
bore the shirt yeah okay you can wait
can you wait
rude ask me if I wash my hair yet
because it's still so ratchet I haven't
but I'm not wearing a different one of
oh no she tops my hair just like as a
disaster I have to wash it tonight fo
sho fo sho
it's okay I'm on occasion I'm chillin
whatever okay okay okay okay I'll go I
don't care you care okay you Kirk around
girl would help what up what up
I haven't bought in like hours I look a
mess we've been playing Monopoly d-line
just playing games we went for a dinner
I didn't vlog because everyone was like
there and I don't want to be like our
half-hour cuz that's what it look like
when I vlog I don't want you monopoly
deal we paid a bunch of president I
owned I owned that president and my my
youtube sweater tomorrow is our last day
well technically today's forum our last
day in Mexico and RZA fit your day so
I'm trying to me
video and I'm planning to do some work
and then the next day we're flying home
so so I didn't follow much today
tomorrow I don't think the weather is
good either so I think it's another
workday and I'm gonna try obviously to a
little bit last day and then I'm kind of
like forgetting what normal eye feels
like like being at home and being so you
know good I'm gonna tell you guys
honestly from when I get back on Tuesday
my life is like hectic the nonstop I'm
home for like a day or two with Anna fly
to New York and then I fly to like Salt
Lake City and it's just like it's just
gonna be crazy so and try to enjoy
tomorrow but you also might not hit it
this blog right now I have a bit
tiredness my sleep so this blog might be
a little bit later I've been killing it
on the schedule so far like 12:12 12/12
but I might not add this one right now
just because I am like kind of tired and
I'm kind of like so I hope you I hope
that's okay and you still love me you're
not mad at me I really hope it's okay so
scary if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe so last day in Mexico
if you like it oh my god like next week
I will be on the Jimmy Fallon show which
is like what what what what uh I was
gonna tell you until I went there but I
think he said it on a show next week we
have Lily's thing I think I mean I don't
know how people are tweeting me about
this so
