today is the day okay just kind of
talking myself first off I woke up and
my flight for tomorrow has already been
canceled because the weather so I
changed my flight to even earlier on
Saturday tomorrow morning and I feel
like that's all soon be cancelled
fingers crossed touch actually oh this
is black yeah this is blues bugs but ah
so hopefully I don't have to leave like
tonight and miss the actual airing of
the show fingers fingers fingers crossed
but today is the day oh my god so many
people are tweeting me right now
today's the day I'm on the Jimmy Fallon
show tear supers on the Jimmy Fallon
show eyes talk with myself I've talked
with God I'm excited yes I'm nervous
that's okay it's gonna be great this is
what's gonna happen
let me break it down for you this is
what's going to happen I'm going to be
nervous but I'm going to get ready get
did but some mother effin lipstick on
i'ma walk into this place I am going to
charm the pants off everyone I'm gonna
make new friends I'm have a great time
I'm gonna be nervous I'm gonna walk onto
that stage I'm gonna do my interview
segments I'm gonna kill it
gonna have so much fun we live the
moment up and be grateful I'm gonna come
back home I'm gonna feel great I'm gonna
vlog but what an amazing experience that
was and I'm so happy you're with me
along the way that is what's gonna
happen today and nothing else is going
to happen today leg up Bob Marley will
play all day long sir
hey guys look who's back it's me sweat
Cam's guess where we are we're at Lily's
hotel room jammin out to some Bob Marley
getting ready for Jimmy bad ah damn I
knew doesn't make my hair done by this
way like don't worry we're gonna make
him pull a blogger by the end we ended
up changing my outfit because the pants
actually I was so excited to wear but
the pants weren't altered so spike
godsend had a bang about for some
wearing a black power suit now guys my
dream job is really just to be a stylist
but she's not even as offended by that
as I thought she would be but guys did a
great job on the makeup right now and
everyone is calling avenging me and it's
making me feel wicked all right so my
hair is gonna come down but this is the
vibes some black on black on black on
black kings we got going on here and I'm
wearing my silver shoes and I think I
think I feel good what do you think okay
so I thought about my earrings on I got
this cool ring and I've layered this
ring and this is happening it's the
thing that's happening this is the thing
that's happening this is my lives and
make sure this stays down but some
advice
yes this is my green room for my first
ever fallen appearance we'll remember
this moment and everyone wants a manager
who also hems your pants and is
multi-talented as such
basically the pants what are we trying
to do is I'm spike we're just making
them higher right we're just tightening
them up a little bit tightening them up
doing some stuff everything's going
great
no one's nervous I'm are you nervous I'm
not nervous whenever laughter I ain't
nervous we're talking about dumb what
overnight I notice
so doing final touches in my dressing
room at the show here I thought about
the tape and starts in 15 minutes but I
think I'm gonna go up in like 45 so I'm
very excited there will be a point where
I will kick everybody out just so I can
pump myself up as I do ya know so I'm
just met Jamie and he's so wonderful and
we have such a similar energy and
there's great time doing a man who's so
cool knees watch my videos he likes
unparent characters not like oh this is
so much fun so I'm like really excited
for the interview because I feel like
it's gonna just be like talking to a
friend I'm convinced we could talk for
like 7 hours because we both have so
much energy but I kill we go make happen
and oh my god one for him make a buns
blazer family making bows blazer here
come all the last-minute concerns look
at all the food in the cheese and the
crackers and everything the free stuff
says this is about to go on momentarily
I'm getting in my zone and pump myself
up walking back and forth stretching
exercising my voice all that stuff is
gonna be good it's gonna be good
you only go on the Fallon show the first
time once and we need to enjoy every
single moment team super we are in this
together we are so on my mind you might
not be here physically but you are so
here in skirt and so all in minor we're
in this
so if this is the version that's gonna
air he just had so many nice things
about me on TV I'm just like oh my god I
really really like him he was
referencing like exact things for my
videos he's very very cool I've kicked
everybody out and I'm Pat Pass Wow
pacing back and forth and I'm fine it's
gonna be so great I'm gonna have a such
a good time but I've got to be nervous
right now this is part of it so just we
go here we go we are in this together
thank you so much for getting me in this
friggin greenroom team super you are
just I'm not gonna say much more because
no crying but thank you from the bottom
of my heart for getting me in this
friggin change room this is amazing
thank you okay no thank you
break the leg kick butt quick mic check
check one two one two what does go get
you a Value table like a whisper to you
MIB really I want to give people an idea
if they don't know you how giant you are
on YouTube seven point six million
subscribers over one bill over 1 billion
views 1 billion you you were named in
Forbes 30 under 30 and you just did a
worldwide tour 27 cities and 31 shows
congratulations well done and varied as
yeah you deserve everything that's
coming to you I want to get into it I
want to talk about everything cuz I
watch your videos it you doing your
parents are your parents like from
anything that your character is doing
your name you're gonna get me in trouble
here I'm supposed to say no okay yeah
yeah we're good though I do there's a
very like don't but they're actually the
elements of them are true but they're
very exaggerated like Giants are super
cool
I just wanted my first ever laid eyes on
yogurt
so much energy so nice and wonderful and
mindful so company literally went by so
quickly it was and it was fun it was
really really fun
what you guys have to let us know what
you thought about so that's a pass
that's a pass oh so good I was impressed
with the family food I was impressed
with that oh I couldn't believe you
Anita I was like genius did that have
did he say has that ever happened before
I don't think so I don't know I don't
think so I thought I heard it a his I
never had before because you got number
one every single yeah the first day yeah
I I was so much right okay okay yeah I'm
gonna do such shoot better little thing
thing but we'll talk we'll talk I didn't
I didn't I didn't I didn't I didn't like
them I didn't did anyone by so quickly
oh so much fun and now it's like what
time is this like so like it's too many
stuff on your face ready to have 6:30
so there's five hours until it airs here
I'm like nervous I wouldn't be equally
as nervous watching her back but go my
god oh my god s-sarah mentioned earlier
to me I'm the most critical person on my
cell from obamas through like that what
am I doing that but spikes I did really
good in one said it went really well and
I'm really happy I'm really impressed
with my family feud abilities because I
was mad nervous I was mad nervous it was
good now we're gonna eat my change when
I eat and hopefully we don't get
stranded in New York because we have to
go to Sundance but it seems like all the
flights getting canceled also going to
open this thing Jimmy gave me I would
have to like have a very long rant about
Jimmy because he's one of the most
phenomenal people I've ever met
and there's certain people when you meet
them where you take a part of them away
because they have they make you feel a
certain way and you remember that you're
like oh the way you made me feel when
you said that was very special and Jimmy
was just full of that he made me feel so
comfortable he was so sweet just so
welcoming and warm so we'll talk about
him and stuff right so Ike right she's
on with a cookie okay cool I'm gonna
file and she'll give me like a gift bag
and it had these uggs in them and
they're so warm and comfortable and I
want to wear them everywhere look at
them look at them oh yeah give me away
yeah so excited let's go find falafel
over rice how quickly I can transform
Wow welcome to the hood very
professional I love it this is what it
is
my adidas matching excellent right here
yo so we sterling there's still like
what times it's like there's like two
hours left for the show I have a
headache all this makeup was hurting me
so I'm gonna try taking it off the mega
part is said that this eyeliners really
intense and it won't come off with like
only olive oil or something so I thought
maybe you should start this process now
yeah why not where's Jenna why why
wouldn't I tell them that now we have a
conversation why would I tell them
everything they're my babies
okay you're right they should know about
olive oil yeah you should have olive oil
a bottle well on my face you guys there
are no butter right come on
blend this together this is me right now
is some really sexy with the eggs as you
can see and we're gonna try taking my
makeup off and like wash my hair cuz
hold up a lot of hairspray in it you
need to like POV first okay this way
this is how she's actually like don't
let the angles fool you guys
so getting off this makeup is hard but a
next issue is up one eye on when I love
my final cancelled the second flight got
cancelled so now we're trying to figure
it out because I'm stranded here right
now and I need to make it to Salt Lake
City for Sundance so that's our current
stress its current stress we will
overcome somehow I'll start walking now
so actually it turns out that every
other flight except mine is canceled we
just called that's so weird that Google
said that's not cool why would Google
things canceled so the actual website
airline website didn't say was canceled
but Google said it was at Google flight
alerts or whatever but we just call this
at every other flight after that is
canceled so wash my hair because that a
bit of a headache but there's 20 minutes
left until the show comes on and this
storm is just taking over the news and
taking over everything I really hope my
flight doesn't get cancelled because all
the other flights are canceled and
according to the weather app it'll start
snowing like any minute and it's all
over the news like emergency storm
situation so huh all right y'all it's
like
got me a Cosmo to celebrate mmm just
went down to grab another coke for me
usually caffeine helps if I'm ahead
it's 11:17 13 minutes my first ever
late-night show appearance is gonna
happen
and I said I was going to do it earlier
I said I was gonna go there I was gonna
be calm for it I was have a great time
and I would come home and blog about it
uh I went there I was confident I had a
great time and I'm vlogging about it but
I'm so nervous all over again to watch
it look at me I'm like so nervous to
watch it cuz it went so fast I know
remember everything I said and I just I
hope I hope you all are proud and I hope
I hope I don't know I hope I did well
and I was just so okay okay
okay we're gonna watch it we're gonna
watch it and then we'll talk about it
well we're gonna watch it it's happening
it's happening it's happening it's
happening
superwoman you can also see her in the
new documentary about her world tour
called a trip to unicorn Island which
will be available exclusively on YouTube
red in early February
please welcome Lily oh I'm such a dirt
away girl girl we got excited oh please
please please I uh for I want to get to
good idea though they don't know you
he'll join you
okay so the interview segments done now
and what you found the cute the camera
look lighting and stuff looks great it
looks way better than I actually look in
real life
ah what happened today I don't even what
just happened what an amazing day oh my
god I just you know what it is sometimes
when I like when I see my face on a
billboard or when I see like just things
like this like a brain can't process
that I just literally stare there I'm
like what's happening then when brain
does not a process it I don't thank you
for such an amazing day thank you for
this opportunity I'm not gonna go on for
like I could go on for like hours and
hours and being sentimental but I don't
want to do that I just want to say thank
you from the bottom of my heart for
believing in me and just I can't believe
this is my life and I I'm so happy
you're part of it I'm so happy we got to
go on this journey together and dude we
went on the Jimmy Fallon show more
surprises to come speaking of which I
just tweeted that with the ATT one movie
coming and now you know kind of one
early February which is like really soon
I have a special surprise for you you go
onto my Twitter I tweeted a link I'm
going to be doing a giveaway to 200 of
you where you get a special surprise
gift from me in honor of the upcoming
ATT UI movie although the forum says
only for Canada and us listen to the
words I will make sure everyone around
the world is able to get or has the
chance to enter to win one of these
extreme when I say that the forum is
wrong already email the people is going
to change that it's gonna go around the
world do not listen to that so go on my
Twitter and check out that link you
gotta fill it afford to submit and you
could win a special gift for me in honor
of the hty movie so now you know early
February are you to rent the HDTV movies
coming we're going full force from this
moment on and I promise very soon with
the exact date I'm not gonna bet I grew
up a piercing headache I don't know what
the time is 1 a.m. I have to leave here
at 4:30 a.m. to catch my flight hoping
it doesn't get cancelled it's already
started to snow so we'll see but um
we're heading to Sundance next up that's
one down
I love you so so so much if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe don't
not get subscribe
she actually the one who recently taught
me that the weekend song is about drugs
I didn't know that she's like you know
that songs about drugs right I'm like
mom she's super with the time
