hello maker morning it's like 12 hours
to wake up at like 10:30 or the gym with
notion I didn't cuz I'm so so tired but
it's okay because I will go tomorrow and
possibly later today but probably not
because this wedding-day which is like
wearing a dress with flip-flops at my
hair is not done a pink bra showing
because I still need to get ready but
we're getting ready we're gonna be on
time we're not going to be late that's
the plan it's mildly sunny it's not
raining the hope is that it doesn't rain
because we don't want to rain during the
ceremony and ruin everything
so fingers crossed pretty much ready and
this is the vibes I'm gonna win this
lips also have enough no obviously more
heels Nan's except cream and no.6 up
right and we gonna do this thing and
I've once exact same outfit before for
an award show so you'll pretend like
you've never seen it before
no no okay let's go after we take
selfies so we're heading to this
ceremony I've actually no I don't think
I've ever been to like a Catholic
ceremony have you guys are wondering at
the ceremony yeah oh I have never been
to one so very sexy air and the weather
is beautiful so that's great because I
was supposed to be writing touch black a
dozen but weather so far is sunny and
beautiful on the bright side look how
gorgeous and sunny it is I hope it stays
like this now forever and ever
well until Tuesday it's all I really
care about
this is where the wedding is and it's
like looks like out of a movie it's so
gorgeous
this is so gorgeous like it's just so I
wonder if these stripes will make a
difference in pictures though but it
looks so gorgeous I want I want to get
married just to be in the top pictures
there this is kind of it so ladies since
it's our wedding um congratulate we
decided we're all gonna be Brides yeah
yeah I'm wearing black in mourning okay
we're all married to each other yeah I
was talking no shell is telling them on
that Cameron and he gets really
sophisticated and perfect but all
campuses acum best let us tell y'all so
yeah you get a mess on stage you get it
you get a mess on the cab but she's
always like has a smile on this like I'm
a doctor so I all for it don't bump the
mom it mess 50 ladies so plating lady
that's the one for this trip I wipe
that's the one put it on her shirt
that's the one
I was just telling Ghosh's reminds me of
the Lana still wetting my board I was a
lot of Steel and I got married this is
like exactly to look like so I feel like
I should have a gun right now oh my god
number one is hi Darren oh okay so I
know I gotta go hi oh my dad married
this kid right here's our wedding I'm
sorry she's upset
stealing my heart is exploding I can't
you
okay so we just had mad photo shoots on
the beach right now so expect mad
Instagram pictures up chases outfit is
so on point - oh my god just marry her
Nana let's do it she's a setup right
I'll show you the chapel - I was gonna
kiss you but you moved your team oh
whatever you do kiss me I felt contact I
thought you're trying to lick me cuz it
smells like a thing you do here's my
face that's it
you said oh sorry you see this is why I
love this is why Allah so the violinist
here is covering the sterling song and
it's making me feel all types of ways
choking on something look how red this
drink is I just wanted to be Dacor in my
apartment cuz it's so pretty is it the
best strawberry daiquiri I've ever had
in my life
delicious got West chefs don't wash it
delicious yo so it is the break between
the ceremony in the reception now we've
come to rest our feet cease and to order
some carbs and pasta and all the things
um so that's what's happening right now
now that means leaving tomorrow morning
we're gonna wake up really early to my
uncle for massage we have to wake up we
just have to like we did not literally
burn our sweatpants PJ's 7.50 but like
I'm saying with you on our PJs look like
crap it's fine but we have to go today
just enough time for the ceremony there
was sure beautiful sunshine and at the
ceremony was done and started raining so
it was like perfect blessed blessed when
it goes so beautiful I was getting
emotional I don't even know chase sister
that well like I was getting so
emotional I want to cry it was really
really beautiful an awesome but now it
was gonna be more beautiful awesome as
all the carbs that are gonna go into my
belly to mobility in Jim brand oh so
easy this perception it's beautiful
it's just elegant so elegant
nice
and this backdrop I mean close my head a
potent and it's good chase a little bit
stressed you sweating but you know the
sister it's cool and we're just here
like ha
again perfect timing it's how it's
boring and we're in the shelter in the
shelter but it is like we want to go
swimming in this window while training
we had to commit to that I promise you
have to commit what we're going to do
Edison for the ocean or the sea what is
it no shit
yes is the ocean or the sufi ocean or in
the sea this is the ocean I was ill are
we in the Indian Ocean
I know well no no okay so the wedding is
done my hair is like frizz Master 5000
so humid we are actually gonna change
your clothes and system we're
comfortable and go to the club on the
resort because I believe the party is
extending to that Club and then our plan
is to go swimming in the ocean because
nothing is leaving in the morning and we
got a swim in the ocean I looked at
crazy person but we got to swim in the
ocean that's a plan but the wedding was
so beautiful it was so much fun it was
just so elegant and simple and precious
and like we were crying for no reason we
don't even know her that well we were
like bawling like oh my god is so sweet
sup it's really beautiful to see and I'm
very happy that the weather held out for
them like perfectly up until the moment
they needed it - sounds cool but yeah
first master 5000 will to shake let's go
party hahaha
come on Bobby let's go pie oh oh come on
Barbie let's go party ah-ah-ah-yeah come
on barbie let's go find ready my lady
yes my lady
we're about to discover like mad to be
dressed and then recharge or swim in the
ocean after nano come Kurumi men become
Kairo me you can't add friends I love
cuddling Kampai
I love cuddling
come on Barbie let's go party
we literally just got kicked out of
every pool when when the hot tub the guy
kicked us all in like three seconds ago
Jake really whole seconds yeah we gotta
like all of us but it was worth that I
feel so fresh to our room service I'm
feeling good
the wedding was beautiful had a great
day nothing is leaving tomorrow but
we're here until Tuesday very excited
about that edit this vlog try to
maintain the schedule I'm doing good so
far I'm very proud of myself
mm-hm very rare myself um thank you for
joining me I really hope you enjoyed
your day it was inspirational and happy
and wonderful you were smiling and I'll
see you tomorrow
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like this is where half
your like it subscribe yeah okay we
discovered the new years of the day spa
she call this
