hola Mexico good morning we're still in
bed and just talk something with
technically it's like 9 something for me
because the time difference I know she's
talking about also people had knocked on
our door like 1 million times everybody
told them don't come today yeah like 1
million times you move like room service
ice for the fridge just a thousand
things I'm like stop stop it we don't
need anything very nice but we
definitely put a Do Not Disturb sign
yeah that and also I woke up a hundred
times all sleeping cuz I had a splitting
migraine and I still have one my
shoulders are just so tense this pillow
so high and I tried to sleep on I think
that's what caused my headache so I
stepped on Keim's this is update 12:26
p.m. we're gonna head to have lunches
breakfast and then append the whole week
is cloudy here which is a little bit
disheartening TJ unicorns change it
that's right it wasn't here to tweet at
mother nature letting her home to change
the litter fix it but such a cloudy the
whole time but we're heading to a wheat
um and we slept in well I don't know how
much I slept in but you know you know
you know be back in bed know she's down
to just being read the whole vacation
seriously I look forward to sleeping so
much yeah see we're needing that's what
I mean this is beautiful but it's too
cold to go to pool or anything like that
this always happens whenever that is a
hot tub yeah sure um but this is the
resort very quick rainy version of ready
and then I'm gonna go look less like a
pop hopefully although one point now I
can sit on the beach I look like a bum
all day well so far I can't even bread
Jay can't control eat some more but I'm
trying to be within moderation like so I
don't feel like I'm gonna dive just full
because usually eat - look what we're
feeling I'm gonna die
well that's we're trying to fix an ocean
also does that
she eats limp where she's like like
shutting down all that loaded
cuz I'm stop improvement let me show you
a situation right now of the weather
Albert rate situation is a situation and
there's one brave soul there there's two
brain cells go up and I'm talking about
to mutate to that level we don't care we
just jump in anyways so that's the goal
so no should I have just slept all day
it's been great we just took eight took
a nap was like a 2-hour nap great now
we're heading to the gym with my new
Turner secret paths very colorful and
high on life shirt yeah yeah does my
boys right into the gym when I'm that
much time so much to arms I'm a little
bit of cardio I'll see but mostly I
don't do arms my legs are still hurting
when the cardio did before I left so it
is still raining and disgusting outside
so that's not pleasant but that's the
status Jim turns this gym is so long
that like every pound weight 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 8 9 times every pound weights don't
they have every machine I'm like oh my
god great I did arms and cardio I knew I
wouldn't to get better at like doing
legs and abs too because I
after cardio my legs hurt so much so I
do like forms I'm gonna end up with
laughs I'd like my arms big let the rest
of me like chubby chub stir so I need to
like sort that out Raymond Loewy
home again on
so right there and that nose point to
that thing which is getting married for
them yeah right there that obstruction
thing that's what a wet exam fee and
hopefully doesn't rain because there's
no backup plan water gets in that way so
because that would really set your match
photo she's good to go down like right
here like they didn't didn't Obama
disguise the school working out but um
so now this pimples on my face the entry
point oh hey point oh no one here is
used to the rain Busey the workers are
like it's going on you're so cold
look I know what's going on vacation but
it's like really really windy and rainy
and there's water getting in my camera
yeah we are heading to go eat and I was
missing something I do Brown was oh I
just checked all my emails and like was
good so the Wi-Fi was like decent it's
not great in all the places was good
enough psych upload a video late at
night but um it's not powerful and to
like some things like sometimes iPhone
doesn't connect and whatnot but it's
good enough to do all my emails and all
that stuff so I'm very excited in all my
emails and I'm killing the game day one
we'll see how this declines very fast
dig two three four five ah you make that
same face every time of the camera on
you really that exact same face my happy
is the same place every when I dance oh
my god yes you're right this is your
face this is a no she says I'm chances
in my face son
you some like half ready my eyebrows are
filled in but my eyes and I kind of done
them like this where crap is going on
but well my favorite parts about going
out possibly my favorite most favorite
part is getting ready with my girls
that's like half of fun prank on music
we take so long to get ready she's like
take so long
we took Matt long mad long what's the
best parts best parts night best part so
no she's doing what all friends do
taping the back of your top so you're
brought in the show this is what friends
are for these moments your friends are
for also we're going into with real girl
talk but like basically picking on up
for today was I can possible this work
the weather is cold we're waiting line
wind up cardigans we got to save outputs
rather certain day so it was just like
on mission half so I was like I'm gonna
jeans and a tall but I don't want to
seem lame so basically my hope is called
genes and Tatas oh I discovered is
because I'm showing a little bit of
cleavage it's okay it's okay jeans and
Tatas is is the vibes right now yeah
that's we're going for because it go
sometimes just got a you know make up
for the lack of it maybe make up with a
lack of femininity the rest of your
outfit do jeans and talk doesn't it then
we had a jumper over like a sounds like
a Mexican dish jeans and Josh Kutz would
you like some jeans and Tatas but this
is our vibes Oh David I got my med dress
made dressed original add a little bit
of spice a little bit we should take
some be wrong single picture yeah what's
going on Oh
captures gonna be Jason dot oh there we
go hey hey no judge zone your jeans and
Tatas here live from Zen restaurant from
the dope gonna cook us food right there
I'm very excited the closest situation
to what your guys gonna make me hot
right here after so long I'm really
excited for and by that I mean real fire
like a real danger
so just at dinner we're heading out now
and also resort to go partying somewhere
not sure where yeah we're waiting for
the boys and it's been a continuous
theme that we're waiting for the boys to
get ready is it just me or do guys take
longer than girls get ready these days
that's led me to generalize my feel like
that's I think that's a thing like
that's a thing also I'm wearing this
video and cuz it's cold I don't care I'm
gonna tie it around my waist so taking
this hoodie clubbin wearing black
No
okay so this is the status almost walk
into this is the status I've had to pee
for two hours and I'm holding it in
reason being this top one wing is one
piece like those bathing suit one pieces
as have buttons in the crotch so to pee
I'd have to take it off but it's taped
to me so that it doesn't fall off so
there's no possible way I could to pee
and I held it in for two hours I've
learned two hours you can wait 30
minutes let's go did it at this tile of
the deadest I love okay so it is oh my
god it's 4:00 a.m. okay sorry I'm we
order room service like cows I'm gonna
watch a makeup off from to edit this
vlog because they were maintaining the
vlog schedule great day the weather is
still really crap we were all hoping
that it like gets better because we
haven't been able to go on the beach
once like sit by a pool or do anything
no should I've also decided that if like
three or four days and the weather
shield crappy was gonna suck it up and
jump in the pool it's pretty much what
it is
no she also falls asleep and it's
astonishing to me she's like I'm really
tired and then one second later she'll
be sleeping like it takes her one second
of all series left
where's me like it takes me so long to
posi bonus spray that spray will sleep
on me yeah so I'm at the spa great
second day hopefully the weather gets
better but waiting some french fries and
tomorrow is the rehearsal dinner
tomorrow also video day so I'm gonna do
that as well but thank you for joining
me on another day and I hope you had a
great day hey if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
to ask this guy I'm like you're not
gonna leave me stranded here are you and
his response was he just like laughed
and didn't really say yes or no
welcome to our new home here in Cancun
Mexico
