Oh all right good morning good
afternoon
whatever it is 1:00 p.m. I woke up an
hour ago I released my vlog so it's
already out and it felt so great to
release my blog at a time those like
early and I felt so like responsible but
I decided yo 12:00 here is still three
in Toronto still late everywhere else so
I'm kind of debating if I should edit my
blogs every day of the night before and
then release something like 8 a.m. here
or something just even like wake up to
release of August I can't always look at
my 8 like yesterday I went to sleep at 5
so because of my sleep schedule I can't
always wake up that if I just wake up
long enough to release my vlog
although YouTube does have those auto
upload things and schedule things but
like yo I'm sure that is I'll press that
yes very excited as I'm saying when I
was brushing Yousef released his video
that we shot yesterday turned out so
dope I'm mostly happy because I woke up
from a text of him that was like very
genuinely happy you don't use up to my
friend I care about him and he seems so
genuinely happy he was just like dude
I'm so happy I'm editing this I'm so
happy with the response like I don't
remember feeling like this and it's just
I'm so happy for because I know he's
been kind of trying to figure his stuff
out so that's dope if you haven't
checked it out check it on Yusuf's
channel fouseytube
what it's like dating a youtuber and
you'll give that a thumbs up because if
it gets 100k likes i'm gonna hold him to
it and get that yeah there's no sign
that's going on so it is Sunday and
today we get to go shopping or go
shopping because I'm heading to Mexico
on Tuesday and I need some stuff to wear
in Mexico so that's what we're going to
do in the later on were to go hang with
Jenna
like I said her may or may not blog it
because I hate putting a vlogging camera
and people spice nah nah nah I checked
ultra I'm wearing the same pants I'm
wearing my new shoes that I got for my
shoot with my Marley sweater t-shirts
right yellow on yellow red I read that
carnation or bred John and we go I'm
headed to the mulch mad cash so this has
a kangaroo pocket which means it goes
all the way through and we try to put
something there it looks like I got like
not the right body parts yeah so you
know when your shoes rub against the
back of your heel
happened during the shooting there's
like a little scab there look my hair is
doing a rollercoaster thing
yeah and now my shoe keeps rubbing
against it in a hearse I don't know to
do and that's my story that's that's my
story it hurts and I should have thought
this to bed didn't that's all all right
so I'm at the Beverly Center about to go
shopping I really should have shot like
thought this shoe thing I thought about
I was leaving I had a bandaid on it
maybe I should wear different shoe maybe
I should do something and I was like
I'll be fine and I'm totally ridden
situation because I'm just like mm-hmm
what we're looking for essentially is a
dress for the wedding like new bathing
suits some shorts maybe maybe a few
other like nice beach dresses we'll see
basically everything basically I'm
buying everything right now that's the
goal but um my bathing suit I don't say
like so fit Mia who are Benson soul so
I'm trying to be like semi semi fabulous
so I came in for dresses and bathing
suits why am I trying on bras I have 700
bras what you know why because I saw
colorful sports bras and I'm like
counters I have no self-control
none of it now that I just bought
everything I don't need
let me try looking for dresses to be
fair the sports bras I bought could be
worn on the beaches are so bright and
funky colorful you could pass them was
like weeheee tops but like still what an
unsuccessful stressful shopping trip I
just don't know any stores here I don't
know where to buy swimwear I did not get
anything I really needed very oh that's
what I'm super stressed because
tomorrow's the last day I have and I've
meetings tomorrow so I don't know what
I'm gonna do this also the uber app
seems to be down and I'm stranded
so I'm back home um jenna is actually
coming over in an hour and a half I'm
really stressed about not finding
anything me but L miss one's phone if I
didn't just find a dress out of okay
fine tomorrow I'll find a dress I didn't
just find being sick so it went well I'm
finding things and stop falling phone
but the fact that all gonna bite either
it's kind of stressing the F out of me
um tomorrow's video day all seventh
meeting the eating so I don't know when
I'm gonna do this but it's okay yeah I
technically do have one backup dress I
could wear but it's like I worn it
before and it's black and wearing black
to a wedding on the beach like weird
right like that's like bright and stuff
but my wash dishes clean my place a
little bit and then figure out my life
because yeah yeah yeah yo so Jen just
left it is around midnight 12:30 I
didn't vlog because hard tight you guys
knows I don't like to always bald when
I'm with people because sometimes I like
to you need to have a balance of like
living your life sometimes enjoying
moments I mean Jenna had a really great
heart-to-heart
she's such a freaking gem of a person so
genuine and we just had a great
conversation I don't want to be cool
were you going through truing so that's
what's up I'm at a buncha work out a
bunch of emails respond to I still feel
one creative idea I did until yesterday
Hetal Rockstar so I'm sure I'll be up
for a while and I need to figure out my
packing situation for Mexico so and like
research of where I can get bathing
suits and like a dress because I
freaking eyes so basically what it is is
like here like at home I could go to an
Old Navy and I know what I will get it's
like a store here old thing is totally
different because like all the stores
I'm used to from Canada when I go to the
same stores here they're totally
different from what I'm used to so my
whole perception of like where to go to
buy certain things is totally skewed or
not accurate so it's a bit hard for me
to shop here sometimes but I'm going
through my closet see what I have see I
need to get cuz tomorrow tomorrow I it's
video day I got to go shopping for the
stuff I haven't asked superwoman live at
toe so if you're watching this 12 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time 3 p.m. Eastern
Standard Time asks a woman live today
today today today and I also have a
meeting a really big meeting with my
agent and manager to set the tone for
the rest of the year so I need to like
tomorrow's a little bit of a hectic day
I'm trying to search for where to get
bikinis and bathing suits in LA and
literally all these places are so
expensive
I'm every bikini abating so I've seen so
far has been $200 or more for what
there's the really less clothing who the
hell I am a backer sorry
who the hell it's been $300 on a piece
of top but it's just every store you're
so expensive I'm not down I don't care
how much money I make I'm never spending
300 freaking dollars on a bathing suit
it's just stupid I'm honestly just gonna
I'm gonna have to wear like a bandana or
something or like makes it I'm gonna
salt because I'm just not I'm not doing
this I so use this video got like a
million views in a day which is like a
standing rib that's normal for him but
when I was like its outstanding
it has 171 thousand likes so tomorrow
and knock on his door and demand a lap
dance that's right right right right
tamam decided I'm gonna wake up have a
conference call at 10:00 so I'm gonna
wake up for that then I'm going to
release my vlog and then I'm going to
ask the room alive at 12 and then I am
going to go shopping iMessage sure to
see if I could cancel my meeting the
thing is the meeting is about things I
want to do in 2016 and admittedly I'm
not as prepared for it as I want to be
like I want to have an actual list and
like a calendars I've been so busy I
haven't had a chance to actually
properly sit down and think about it so
I'm asking to postpone my meeting until
I come back we'll see what she says and
then that way I can get like my video
done and kind of not have as much of a
panic attack tomorrow as I would if I
had that meeting and if you like the way
you look that much and Ollie you should
go look yourself
I keep like vlogging my boobs I'm sorry
um it's time to wash my face I wash my
face every single night which is a habit
I never had when I lived up it was my
parents even though the great habit and
to be honest I'm not washing my face
every night because I'm like oh my god I
want my skin to be clear it's because I
have white um pillowcases and I don't
want makeup to get my pillowcase and my
white duvet my wet bedsheets cuz I don't
wanna wash them so yeah these are my
priorities I'm such a douche because
where I used to live at home my parents
cells and every secure like I'm I'm so
good at watching inside here like hell
no no no damn found a
my damn bouquets hell no like you and
she likes everyone I'm using the phone
and the mirror cuz I'm not sure if I've
logged enough today and I'm making up
for it by washing my face Hey look at
all this quality content hello
ah okay so I've been a list of things
that kind of need you know honesty
vacations trust me is for I'm it's not
really vacation for me because chase
kinda is like forcing me to go he's a
you know a chance you're coming and
that's that's what it is so I can't at
all afford to go on a seven day vacation
have so much stuff to do I'm going for a
sister's wedding which is gonna be one
day I think he's celebrating his
birthday one day um and the other five
days I'ma be on my laptop
whether it's not the beach or not I
might take my laptop to the beach but I
wouldn't do a lot of writing a lot of
leg which is great I'm excited to like
right on the beach that maybe we can
think some like clearer ideas and
creative ideas with that scenery I'm so
gonna go to the gym I'm still gonna work
I'm still gonna post videos I still got
to all that stuff so it is by no means a
seven day vacation like hell no you
already know that's not gonna happen
because I've already had a vacation over
the Christmas holidays I did nothing so
nah nah nah man alright
I didn't go to the gym today I'm the
worst I'm gonna go tomorrow and right
now I'm going to edit this vlog then go
to sleep hopefully wake up earlier than
10:00 so I get a lot of work done yo do
me a favor real quick and I genuinely
mean this if you're watching this can
you like after while you're done
watching this vlog can you comment below
letting me know what you did today I
just really want to know I want to know
because I every night go to sleep it
doesn't matter how much I do it I'm even
writing things down like I told you like
this is what I did and I did this but I
still go to sleep everyday feeling
guilty because I didn't do enough like
today I didn't I did like almost no work
today I went shopping and I hung out
with Jenna if I have a day like this I
feel guilty I'm really trying to work on
it like I even had a talk with myself
before Jenna came was like dude not
everything has to be work it's okay but
I it's like a problem I have I can't not
feel guilty
it's Sunday like it's okay to have a
weekend but I just can't I can't get
that process concept in my brain yet I'm
really trying to work on it but yeah
just can you call the let me know what
you did so maybe I can feel better about
like my life if if you did a lot of work
or if you also had a lazy day or whatnot
I just want to I just want to know I'm
gonna go to bed after editing this vlog
thank you for joining you my day I'm
sorry if it wasn't that exciting or if
the vlogs with that long or whatever you
know but this was my day and tomorrow we
got mad mad nerd missions to run so
that's what's up if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe I'll
see you in a few hours for asked
suburban life don't like that subscribe
first time we're meeting and I already
adore she's great and much as saying it
as like a Nellie like oh yeah I love and
she just moved here she's genuinely like
a cool person and I like her or she was
dope
