good morning my computer is not turning
on great needs to wake up to the
computer is dead I don't understand
start turning on a personal power blind
I'm trying to turn it off nothing is
working
Oh God would not be good that if that
was a thing that would not be good let
me try to operate on this thing okay I
got a white screen nothing else is
happening but I got a white screen I
just unplugged it and held the power
button for thirty seconds what's going
on with my computer's here just took a
shower clean my back T my top nah I live
like mad dryer know why it's like it's
like been like this almost a month it's
like very irritated I don't know what it
is I'm gonna wearing this white tee and
I'm from yesterday shoot I'm wearing my
happiness pants
I'd say happiness on the leg and I'm
wearing these cool braces this one is
actually for me to read the colorful one
the very cool bracelets that people make
in like third world countries and I
sorry for not explaining this in the
most like clinically correct away but
like basically around the world people
who are needed bluntly poor people who
are in need of like resources and help
they make these bracelets and the me to
be foundation sells them feed the
children sells them and helps people you
don't get all the resources I need sells
mad dog bite una de butter also so if
you wanna check out one of those you can
just go on the Twitter like me to we
foundation I tweet about a recently
check it out
and now I'm able to wear my braces
because they're so pretty ly displayed
on the thing I told you yesterday which
like is great I love this kind of stuff
and how my do display my clothes are
displayed cuz I wear different clothes
now and I wear jewelry and I use the
things I own and it feels very good I'm
gonna go do my makeup now cuz Gaby's
gonna be here 20 minutes don't you be
like I'm not ready yo yo yo I'm already
got my fresh face on with like four
minutes to spare that I think Abby's
gonna cover my girl don't you come any
early I go be ready I might show you
stuff after by beside today has to be a
workday I'm gonna be like I have a
confession moment with you since moving
to LA I've been very productive but in a
different way I've had very few of those
days where I like sit down beast mode
and do all those annoying tasks I don't
want to do like with the tedious things
that I need to be productive with and so
I've been feeling guilty for a good
while the other side is that day that
day where I think about all those
creators that have creatives that have
been do weeks ago that I haven't done
I'm done making the exclusive like move
I'm said only go no no no I need to like
seriously get down to where
I do have some productive days but
they're not like those I'm not
addressing those tedious things I have
to do I keep doing all the fun stuff
buying stuff from my apartment doing
collabs all the stuff I need to like get
into the logistics the planning and the
kind of more stressful parts of what I
need to do so I promised myself I would
do that today and I'm also going to head
to the gym today I've decided so today
will be a productive Sunday and first
it's gonna start with a collab with
Gabby like oh right so you sir just came
over for a few minutes we had a hard
part I love him hard parts of people I
think that's my favorite thing to
yourself deep conversations about things
whether it's work or personal and I love
it but Gabby's waiting outside so let's
go meet a stranger that's probably gonna
be awesome so the current status is that
Gabby is thus far not a serial killer
we're still trying to figure it out but
it's the first time we're meeting and I
already adore she's great and much as
saying it is like a Nellie like oh my
love and she just moved here she's
genuinely like a cool person and I like
her or she was doping it no one's coming
up um either this one's day or next on
our youtube channel which is the gabbie
show oh my god I'll put the link in the
description spawn it's gonna be dope and
this is zing ha that's right he's are
ending on Twitter girl girls
Zayn is in my house hey no big deal
whatever um we're watching this video is
gonna be dope yo so Ken just left she's
so adorable so great a really great a
dingy side again actually with her
quickly eat cuz he's farming and I think
I said wants to shoot something somebody
shoots up with him as well so I'm
showing like shooting going on today but
that's always productive you know to get
him other people's channels collaborate
or model Val batty ish so what's
happening but first we need to consume
some tofu I don't know who his mother
effer is that he can come to my house
and a wearing a shirt like this and not
showing his arms more only reason I'm
your friend
is so you show your arms you show up at
my house when this much clothing this
mother effer I can't tell them what
we're doing are you allowed to tell them
so I am posting my first video of 2016
Oh a main channel and I
in her lovely face to star in it of
course so we're just having some fun
ones didn't come out tomorrow morning
tomorrow more that turn around oh hey
you made friend of you remind to her I'm
gonna make fun with your socialize
that's the same Corona yeah of course it
you got excited when you produce videos
samaya no so we just finished shooting
you still saying how if the video on his
channel gets one about 100 thousand five
hundred hundred thousand thumbs up he's
gonna give me a lap dance and I can work
you guys I can work yeah so 100,000 does
that a to bad fear not long they like
commodious fine with that lady yeah you
need to just a lap dance
this 100,000 times up yo yo yo so I just
finished shooting with you sit that's
two clubs and one day for other people's
channels wasn't very happy about is very
very fun it was cool it's dope so I'm
going to have a bunch of emails and how
much stuff that I said earlier in the
vlog that I want to get done so I'm
gonna try to do that and a change with
that I'm a P this is my schedule right
now and then we won't get to working
strap it down so also Youssef forgot his
shoes here his pride in his joy thinking
if I should like burn them or something
okay
I could you'd freak the F up I'm gonna
go deliver these to him yo no no no I
just did one of the annoying tasks that
I had to do it I feel so great about it
because it's off my chest out I'm like
oh I did it so that's one I've won more
creative that it's not that as annoying
it's just difficult and so one of the
hardest parts of my job I suppose being
creative on demand I like like being
creative but I'm like oh that's a great
idea I want to do but sometimes have
deadlines for ideas and I need to be
like oh you just think of an idea right
now to give them that's difficult for me
sometimes but I have to to do I did one
and I'm very happy the idea so I'm
hoping the second always just is good
I can't think of an idea I've been
seeing of like an hours being like I
can't think about alright I don't know
so I'm kind of thinking of some ideas
and I think I'm thrilled about yet but I
want to do a little mini rant about
something um I don't know rants actually
the right word is when I say mini
randomly just discussions critical
discussions you know I like talking jail
I would only have a conversation in
hopes of like broadening people's
horizons and like I would love for
people to tell me this if they notice I
was doing but like so I've just as you
know I've been saying that in my for my
videos in 24 hours I'm gonna add closed
captioning to all the videos which I'm
thrilled about and a lot of people who
live with closed captioning closed
captions Khalil Ike English subtitles so
that you can if you can't hear the video
you can read it and still enjoy it so
then 24 hours of all my videos I'm
adding closed captioning and I have
discussed this like three separate
occasions whether through Twitter or
Facebook or my vlogs whatever and I've
tried like three different terms to try
to be politically correct and describe
what this is the first time I was like
you know for my hearing-impaired
unicorns I did this and someone brought
to my attention they're like you know ah
that's really great but like you
shouldn't use the word term hearing
impaired you should use the term deaf so
I was like oh okay I didn't mean to like
offend anyone so then I just treated
being like overall my deaf unicorns and
then I got tweets that are like ah
wouldn't people are polite if you said
hearing impaired or like difficult
hard-of-hearing and I'm just like no
matter what term I use someone is
calling me offensive or whatever and I'm
just like this is a lesson I've learned
in general and there's a lot of great
post about this on Facebook but the
point I'm making is I'm trying to make
my videos more inclusive for people that
cannot watch who cannot hear them but
need to read subtitles that is what I'm
doing take the message for what it is
that I'm not all angry I was just very
amused that no matter what term I use
someone is like well that's not really
politically correct not really what you
should be saying I'm just like you can't
win on the internet you really cannot
win and I just found that very amusing
and I was like that's some food for
thought they're like when people are
saying things in story you haven't met
pick everything like not everything the
point is closed captions day all my
video well I will be here does
but wiesen it up so I am getting ready
to head to the gym it is time is it Wow
okay I can't tell because I'm recording
but I think it's 12:30 a.m. and so gym
should be pretty empty unless that's
randomly bump they went on - do I really
really really really don't want to go to
the gym so the trick i juice is i just
start getting dressed for the gym and
even my braids like you're not going
you're not going ever yeah boy I just
start getting ready then once I'm ready
I'm like shut the F up you just put your
shoes on you got ready might as well go
so it's all about just not listening to
your brain when you know what to do
things like this um can be acting like I
figured in shell not really sure but
we're headed to the gym it's all about
just getting dressed and going I need to
stop doing this with makeup also praise
the Lord we have weights nobody stole
the weights today
it's 1:45 a.m. just got back from the
gym I'd had a beautiful moment where
like work extra hard on my arms a guy
just like wet fur and killed it and
after I was done I was walking down the
halls back to my apartment stung some
Selena Gomez camouflage very soothing
song there's walking very slowly with my
eyes closed and it was just like a
beautiful meditation like calm moment it
was just beautiful it's the little
things man it was so beautiful my arms
Rock right now but I'm very proud of
myself that I want the key just to get
in the room same with doing work just
get in front of the computer just get
there and you mind and body will follow
so that look there's just a sock on my
counter like an adult
um yeah so that happened but kin bachou
with crazy boo
so I got school today hardcore because
by time I released my vlog uses vlog was
already out and over it was like his
blog it was so much before yours I
talked to him today he adds his vlog the
day before something I used to do like
edit my blog the night before but then
to stop doing but now I realize aq no
matter what time I wake up my vlogs are
you so late so I'm gonna try to start
editing my vlogs before I sleep that I
can release them in the morning because
the whole time difference thing we even
if I wake up by tens by 11 like sorry -
and drawn over here I mean so I'm at
this blog before I head into bed and
watch American Horror Story
sleep tomorrow I am going shopping
reason being on the 12th I'm going to
Mexico
it is chases sisters uh wedding and it's
also chases celebrating his birthday
during that time Mexico as well but it's
mostly for sister's wedding I'm gonna be
in Mexico from the 12th the 19th and I
don't have any things to wear to this
wedding so tomorrow wanna go shopping
for an outfit or and all my stuff
heading for Mexico also tomorrow I'm
going to be hanging out with Jenna and I
may or may not blog you know I feel I
hate putting a vlogging camera people's
faces it's weird and stuff so I may or
may not blog we'll see but that's just
going on tomorrow also last announcement
is because I'm going to be in Mexico
from the 12th to the 19th that means on
the 14th ask Superman live I'll be in
Mexico and I already know from
experience the Wi-Fi is not gonna be
able to handle ask Superman came in home
before my efforts so there's a big
chance I'll do ask Superman live on
Monday which is the 11th just putting
that out there Monday the 11th and
probably blastic own live uploaded on my
Instagram on Twitter and stuff but
that's why I'm certain release videos in
Mexico I'm gonna try my best to do so
but I know the Wi-Fi won't be good
enough for a live stream so that's
what's up thank you so much for joining
me on my day I hope you had a great day
and someone in the comments it was like
don't burp it's rude and embarrassing
I'm like who's embarrass I I numbers are
you amazed I design in Berlin what you
talking about what you thought much but
I'll ago if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe now he's here and now
we're going to target randomly in the
u.s. in the douche-mobile we're going to
target in the douche-mobile Wow yes miss
this guy son ladies still single
