yah yah yah yo what's up good morning
today the sun is shining a little little
little bit it's going in and out it's
still windy it's not that hot but we are
going to still you know tank top bikinis
still gonna try to make it happen it is
video day so I want to go to the beach
right the video on the beach
come here record the video edit the
video on the beach but I'll follow that
F that is yet more importantly look cuz
here yes if you recall the monument
actually they have great memories no sir
this I went to Cancun a mess warm up
tweets and done theses me like yes if
you don't know what I'm talking about we
were rewind one year to our situation
Cancun but I'm so happy all here
Sheena's not here so we're missing her
obviously we miss her but we're about to
go eat some food and try to enjoy much
as as soon as we can and got my butt
clean it um and okay so days a little
better you know it's a little sunny but
the wind is still mad chaotic and the
birds are attacking basically Armageddon
but we're gonna go to it so last year we
were obsessed with these okay through
the tape from yesterday ripped off my
skin last year we were obsessed these
cheese and fries situation and now so
we're gonna eat we've been trying to
avoid it cuz we're like all itself
fattening but now we're just like
so the little bro sunshine was very
deceiving because it is Alaskan climate
and it's so cold and no part of me can
be cute like these people in bikinis
they're lying to themselves they're in
denial because it is so cold I think
it's so cold
yeah so I have watched so many cute
outfits to wear how are any of them
stupid but you're waiting with the best
of it I'm gonna go work on my video not
many searching the study then there's
exam coming up I don't know some doctor
stuff I don't know she's like a smart
person um I'm gonna edit record my video
and then that'll be like you know once
apon released I'm a smart person ha ha
ha
whoa oh but that way I can be done the
video like enjoy the rest of the day not
that you know I don't enjoy making
videos but you know then I can be free
free ok we just discovered the new years
of the day spa oh good ok do you call
this bar to book a couples massage for
us obviously at the end of income its
pleasure lady lady is pleasure it's a
pleasure lady your pleasure lady yes you
don't have a bob you shirt with your
face out of a double Bobby Sherwood
non-tree space I was like yo just finish
recording my video and his types of
people are on vacation which makes a lot
of sense because like I kind of on
vacation I'm really proud for recording
this video and doing it on Thursday even
though I'm so C on vacation it's cool it
helps that none that he's here
so it's a tripod I built well nobody's
here doing work so it makes it easier
but I'm about to upload and that's
what's going on all right so we're into
this rehearsal dinner because that's the
thing I've never been to what have you
been to one ever I'm wearing this like
wraparound dress thingy neither of us
have had time to our hair this whole
trip so far cuz I keep like getting
ready so late
watch this yeah yeah it's like I hacked
in Pony I was like curly you're cute
crap like no time for that absolutely no
time chase is handsome he's wearing like
a Indian e-type vibes but this was one
of the last night dresses I found on
that shopping it's like a wraparound
like Quinn okay so yeah also her heels
are very high catwalk so this is us and
we look like we cleaned up into showers
sometimes I'm watching a half shower to
wash my face so Monday night have you
not read into it everyone else's like
last year and I think that's the read I
was like Fred oh and now we're debating
to steal other people's bread oh good
goobers to read such a carbs
I also just spent an hour with chases
nephew and I like him so much better
than chases I got adorable child is four
years old and I love him to death he's
still bringing you Sharon tell them your
part the car Oh
what
so we got back from dinner dinner was
delicious was like a horse look you know
there was really no rehearsal to the
dinner is just a gym or such as a dinner
to be honest it was great though so yeah
me I'm now in my dress and track pants
answer emails at so many emails then
he's doing work oh my god Jamie has nine
point four I'm a fisherman work soon and
then we're gonna party up good times
dresses and track pants you know
uuuuu so the time is 10:04 I've gone
through all my emails I saw a bit of
other things to do there's actually one
major thing I really want to do and then
all the content with today I post my
video I did my emails I feel like a good
sense of responsibility around like I'm
having a good time still getting my work
done because I do like I said this is
not a time vacation where I'm like oh I
work pretty hard now I have a time for
vacation no this is like me being here
for Chase and being here first family
and being here for this like great
moment of theirs but I sell a lot of
work to do so I really feel the need to
like maintain that responsibility
um so I'm really proud of that and I'm
really proud of that everything's going
and I wanted to really like my video and
the lighting in my video was like dope
without like Mexican like a light coming
into the door so I'm happy about that
and I just took a poop in the poop was
great so all good you're too classy
ladies ready to take over Cancun's oh I
don't care where drag Bass faint back I
was wearing different track pads I
should change back into these I've worn
these for like ten days in a row okay
yeah I don't care
I'm gonna find an ocean we're gonna go
jam cuz I've done my work for today and
now it's a great feeling
whoa hey laughs ah she acts so like
sophisticated in front the camera the
second I turn off he's a mess she's a
medic she's a mess Superman drink last
year
delicious Bob Marley baby you stop ha ha
you should let me love you and let me be
the one to give you everything you want
any nothing's like it used to be
sometimes I wish I could turn back time
impossible is amazing and I wish I could
so bad baby you gonna quit playing games
with heart games with my heart
my heart in a papi it's that time
we're playing deal these are my cards
you're using this as I didn't screen
this mother playing deal with time it's
like 2:30 and I'm still gonna shot at
the swab for asleep so that's illegible
this is tomorrow some writing
waiting for our rooms our risk of cows
no it is 3:33 a.m. everyone is sleeping
I'm gonna end the vlog here uh and I'm
gonna edit it right now because
willpower and this lighting is making me
look like a complete zombie but we're
gonna get to bed no say good night in a
good night I think she's polka dots on
her face cuz we're all natural or not I
do have open eyes yeah your poke grants
my nose or good also coming out so if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe tomorrow's wedding day if you
like subscribe our wedding basically oh
no sure cuz our wedding ha now you can
go break that we're not sure where yeah
we'll go to point some aside for the
woods rancher
