I ain't gonna lie and look hella - right
now just wait wait but hey hey what's
going on good morning good afternoon
good evening wherever you are while the
releasing vlogs we are positive and we
are learning and we are growing and I
say this every morning not just for you
but for me because I think it's
important to start your day knowing what
kind of day what kind of person you want
to be so today I want to be the person
that just works really hard treats
everyone with kindness and compassion if
you want do the same keep watching
here's the mission for today I'm about
to shoot a secret clad right now I can't
tell you then I have a call another call
I have to finish another school for
another clap and I have one more clap to
finish that's right it's so close to
Christmas and I still have one more
cloud to figure out who that F it's
gonna be so do me a favor come below let
me know who you want to see thank you
one person trash okay and VP Award right
now music oh the person I thought the
best performance is gonna be the drawer
when she played the draw an extension
but Masako can the game was an extra
don't know what she's doing and I just
obviously having lunch in the background
let's go to visit her back are you
having lunch with the other wall
Oh such a glamorous life eating by
yourself at the whatever it's calm so
how does the collapse today
did you like who we collab with did you
really it's gonna be sick ever did a
great job telling the game and now that
I call to do so let's go today also my
uterus is just dead you know thought no
no I told you I told you I need my money
well wrong with me break jackbooted open
up warmer clam orange siya get mini
right side money right now what on a
second you all said you'll get stitches
that also what am i doing I have a call
okay dire cramps but doesn't matters we
got a release video just release Michael
have with Jenna Dewan Tatum who came
over yesterday videos out today right
yesterday yeah and she was so lovely and
so awesome and just we got along so so
great so now I'm doing super 60 from
this position
let do it my TV is still here still not
functional still not on the wall and
also not folks will cuz the wire from
behind the TV plugging is missing but I
told you a common thread everyone I
collab with and this is not exactly
everyone I collab with thus far on 12
clubs Christmas has been shot never
their teams have been shocked at how we
shoot it like y'all know so easy that
was so fast we're so impressed I don't
mean to brag but my see the mother and
best let's say you're collaborating with
me this is how it feels to be one of my
12 collabs of Christmas PR experience
here we go put on the glasses hi
collaborator I hear you're riding on my
house at 12 p.m. great and you me and my
crew that's a lie
rewind my crews gonna wake up at 8:00
they're gonna be here they're gonna be
setting the entire set based on what I
wrote in my script and then when I show
up at 10:00 on set I'm going to run
through the entire script many many
times with my team memorizing any
adjustments or notes about what you have
to do when you arrive set it's super
easy fast forward 12 welcome to my house
thank you so much for coming really
appreciate you taking the time to do
this I mean it is super easy for you
you'd have memorize anything let's walk
through the script it I'm gonna tell you
exactly needs to go down sit down go
through lines forgotten line no problem
right over there's reading you your line
that you need to know hey on this line
you got to pick up this thing you've
already gone through it and I know
exactly what to do pick up thank
Oh would you look at that we're done
your coverage let's do a few shots of a
white line line line thank you so much
for coming it's been 46 minutes now
you're gonna go and I'm gonna sit here
for three hours to make sure we get the
rest of the video thank you so much and
then you are gonna be like oh my god
that's so much easier than shoot movies
just clavinet a long time and I'm just
like you right you right
for real though makes me super proud
because usually during every 12 claps
Christmas my writing does improve and
I'm able to do it faster like right wait
fast because I've written so many things
that short around time but this year my
memorization has also gotten better as
I've memorized pretty much every single
script we've done total claps that well
the person arrives I never have to
reference my script no matter what they
say I know what the goddamn responses so
just tasted like what did I just eat mmm
for real dog self control self
discipline on beat and you already know
all these cute Polaroids of me and
Jenna's going on the fridge I ate a poop
it's time to write a script can I also
just say that I love the video and
Jenna's so so much because it was
inspired by Katy Perry's last Friday
night
and I really want to play that nerd
character and I like every time I did I
like literally laugh at how nerdy and
ridiculous I am I had a lot of fun
shooting and she's just so lovely and
awesome so thank you to everyone that's
been showing love to the video I'm
having a lot of fun during these twelve
clouds and mostly getting a lot better
at not measuring my success based on the
views because I don't think it's healthy
as I expressed in my vlog few days ago
getting better at not like checking it
the next day sometimes even check like
forget to check and with oh yeah video I
just was really proud of what I'm
putting out and I hope you are all
enjoying it as well and I hope I'm
giving y'all some creative ideas and
creative videos maybe you not seen
before so right now let's do it
something fun just happened I was doing
research for a video and I open an
article to start reading in that's the
first thing I see me you did a gif I was
that flattered when that happened I made
it I'm gonna get or Jim I don't know I
might even open that can of worms and
I'm not gonna be in focus either it's
fine
it's my don't say you don't say don't
say yes
yeah poem that's how I feel right now
since I'm my period just like I always
sneeze my bed okay so a long time ago I
did something that I kept a secret
I can finally share it to you right now
a lot of times I went to Justin session
to my boy Justin wide door who plays
Raphael and Jane the virgin but aside
from that I just overall wonderful human
being he recently did an amazing TED
talk well masculinity is so important so
lovely but he has a great new show
coming up called man enough and it was
influential men talking about being
vulnerable as men and like talking about
your feelings that I'm so about that I
think such an important part of feminism
and gender inequalities men recognize we
need to redefine masculinity so
important to go to us how some other
dull people here's a clip I'm so about
feminism and women's rights and I think
this is so cool because a big part of
women's empowerment festers meant for
people that don't have as big as a
platform
what can teenage boy do to have
confidence and since I have that
permission and to be kind you don't have
to have a million followers you don't
have to have all those social platforms
to do good day wash this 6/1 up
with everybody with a different stories
that one of the stories might relate to
implica you know what they did they went
through that if we can be here at these
places and moments in our lives and then
you can too I always say the answer to
every problem is out there somebody went
through what the problem that you went
through and they wrote a book about I
think the things that make me proud of
Who I am
are not the things that I do relative to
having a platform behind all of us is
like someone trying to figure it out we
all wear a mask so I would say you're
not alone I would say do not compare
yourself to anybody else and that your
happiness isn't dependent on what others
think of you and to keep following
releasing keep following really saying
keep following really saying hey when
you're watching this a show comes out
tomorrow all the informations in the
description go show us some love tweet
and do all things cuz he's such a
phenomenal human being and I adore him
like he is literally someone we're like
yo you are making a real impact in the
world and I even told him that I'm faced
with the other day scrolling through my
feet and once I put on my facebook I
know they were you know you know friends
on Facebook whatever you they posted his
tattoo off being like yo I recommend all
my guy friends to watch this I've never
felt so strongly about something please
like make a real change go support
Danish oh all the work just happened
give me two points it is 1:16 a.m. I'm
gonna head to bed I'm tired as hell my
uterus is like me
and where's my face only does it happen
let's see how we did today
done yesterday yes in my bottom estate
again I'm sorry but not sorry that I
can't show you so much what I'm doing in
the day so just be like talking you're
not seeing much because the secret broth
is the secret is to collapsed I'm trying
trying thanks so much dope is happening
over here behind the camera you can't
see not right now because it's just a
wall there but I'm saying towards the
blog so much is happening y'all can't
see but don't worry twelve collapse and
be done soon and then you'll be back to
seeing everything that's happening but
for now don't bag I'm crazy
a third okay does the morrow if you like
it subscribe if you like it does God
keep falling releasing yeah mine we talk
about a next thing look how messy that
is oh my god before I go home for
Christmas I'm gonna clean my whole place
because my friends are flying back with
me I'm so excited
it's my new year's worth of I cannot
express it's gonna be late and you're
gonna be with us
