how to almost mr. flight I made it I was
cutting a bad clothes
I'm headed to Cancun I got protein bars
finished like that but I'm really
excited I'm really tired also sleep on
this clean has Wi-Fi moved a little bit
of work and land at like 7:00 p.m. but
this talk Saturday
this is that now official team super
dance for excitement
what's that what's that Lily you're
wearing the same times four days in a
row without your sidekick damn straight
I am
that's damn straight I am I'm Jane Oh
more than ten more times I'm bored of
every single day
oh look at look at the apps I get boom
boom okay everyone's looking at me about
to take off good night
I'm so hot brace for timelines for all
my beach pictures incoherent blogs and
like deep quotes
we made it welcome to Mexico I slept the
whole entire way dude zero work the
whole plateaus like because I didn't
sleep that much last night there was a
bunch of cute hace boys next to me and
they were like talking turkey attacks
and as I was like well we made it kind
of sex flying little landing low because
chase no show them were already at the
resort but I'm headed to desert now it's
kind of a write-off of a day because
it's like 7:30 8:00 now time difference
I think I'm back to Toronto time now I
think Mexico in front I had the same
after double check on that but I feel
like I'm in future now so many time
zones all the time zones times all down
times all zonda hamza so heading to the
resort I can't wait to eat that need
anything and welcome to Mexico also my
suitcase was 50 pounds on the dot which
is a limit for seven days I hit the
limit that is sad I want to blend my
camera which I know my camera's like
really heavy but like even other stuff
like I don't know why I even school like
how to pack school I suck I suck at it
so much the burners so I'm at the Sun
wing kiosk and no one is here so
I guess I'm going back to LA
slowly take steps back I don't do I'm
standing here so it's going to continue
down here
hola so spend like 20-30 minutes someone
guys here now but I think there's a
mix-up because I originally saw supply
from Toronto but then I moved so they
switched my flight to LA I don't know if
they had that reservation in terms of
transportation so we'll see I might just
be like stranded right here in Cancun
just like become one with the lizards
just you know like the wolf the wolf
girl who like was raised by wolves
dashing a new wizard but at that
situation it's so humid but I feel like
my skin is being constantly moisturized
it feels great because la is so dry but
I'm excited to eat some pink into the
resort if I if if I get the time I was
stranded in Mexico if I get to the
resort was he was so the update is that
I just asked this guy I'm like you're
not gonna leave me stranded here are you
and his response was he just like
laughed and didn't really say yes or no
welcome to a new home here in Cancun
Mexico
terminal 3 this is robbery shooting my
video this is my backdrop this is the
video wall right here huh huh ah ah oh
me I'm still here welcome to my home no
no I live here now I'm just gonna put a
welcome that right there
um but she'll shuttle is supposed to be
coming in a few minutes so chastened oh
 I'm waiting to eat which is very
sweet because I know they're all
starving I'm also starving so I look
since we're you know have nothing else
to do a little tidbit of information I
like to mentally prepare for things that
I was very like sounds kinda strange
rested people cuz alive you're free
I think people of establish I'm aware
though I'm a huge weirdo I'm a very like
mentally spiritually person mentally
spiritual person that's a term that's me
MSP that's what I am
these diseases but yeah I'd like to
mentally prepare for things so before I
went on this vacation slash work trip I
was like all right what exactly you're
gonna do so I mean if you promises to
myself one is that I'm gonna still go to
the gym still work out I will have fun I
will enjoy I will eat a little junk food
but within reason I also told myself
that I would genuinely enjoy these
moments on the beach and not worry about
working all the time but also dedicate X
amount of hours today to working so that
I'm not stressed but like if I want to
go out I'm gonna go out and have a good
time so if you remember from my vlogs we
watch my vlogs for a while actually did
I blow up during this yeah no I did I
did it so laughs hey first guests to my
place so last year is when mean Anthony
scheana no she went that's where I am
again not the exact same resort but
that's what Cancun is and it was that
glow party and like all that chaos I
really would love to go to global
partying cuz it's dope sophistica party
where you go there's like paint dripping
everywhere Neer's like covered in paint
it's really really dope yeah I told
myself I'm gonna enjoy moments really
unwind really like have a lot of fun but
also like do a lot of really deep
meaningful work on the beach I wanna do
a lot of writing and like you know how I
really like writing my blog posts and
like my inspirational so I do a lot of
writing really feel it really just enjoy
myself so I'm mentally preparing myself
about how to talk with myself in the gym
yesterday I was like alright this is
what you're gonna do similar to how I
did the shopping thing where I'm like
I'm gonna go shopping this was gonna
happen then I'm gonna come home look I
like to do that type of fish now I'm
just rambling because this vlog is
probably really short because I'm
stranded in Mexico you're my arm is
hurting even from holding the phone but
I will say I've only worked out a little
while I can already feel the difference
in my arms I'm gonna be honest
cardio-wise I saw anything cardio I
sucked but anything with a weight or
machine I enjoy that I hate cardio
I love with degrades so I'm already
feeling a little bit of difference in my
arm so like you know but you're saying
you would
say what you say what's your Sam's
husband about an hour thinking about
getting a pullout sofa like this area
right here you know so that want to have
guests like that other guy that walked
by frame they can like have somewhere to
stay
that should be a good host you know this
guy over here not given enough I'm just
totally being judgmental right now you
could just be totally giving enough
right now haha he said ten minutes that
was like 20 minutes ago
but you know everyone lies about time
does anyone honestly ever comment gloat
when you say I'm 10 minutes my family's
well yeah be there in 10 points do you
actually mean that time I don't think
anyone means that I think there's
certain a certain sentences you have
like 10 minutes like that soon but 10
could range from anywhere from like 10
to 40 I feel you know it's like that
range no one actually means that number
come on come on also according to an
ocean chase the resort is so nice and
the view is so bomb will lobbying is
Excel gorgeous won't be able to see it
that much right now and I go cuz of me
dark but I cannot the wait
I love yes thanks for what ready we're
ready all right guys I'm moving moving
from this apartment I made it I wanted
to
we're gonna turn it off see oh no she
didn't greet me at the front and I was
like where's a note and then chase like
oh she's got to get you a drink and I'm
like this is why this is why you know
who are my friend this place is massive
it is so massive
I'm sure looks bomb during the day as
well oh I'll dear this notion yeah that
black areas notion Bob nineteen
different pools nineteen different pools
and like ten different restaurants
my snapchat ah this is our honey mini
eventually we got got me these delicious
delicious drink that's nice a delicious
from knowing don't worry I don't like
Shaq i am richer and this is our room is
mad you clearly made for a couple it's
clearly made for a couple why why all I
see is this is but the shower is a
room maybe you can sit there but I felt
a bond at first cuz I was really
confused but as two shower heads so Alex
people take shower at the same time you
know we're gonna be drawing our bags
dudes and do it well yeah it's gonna
happen imagine there's Matt to this
resort is massive it is so freakin big
and this drink is delicious and I'm very
excited so
okay let's just a couple I just I didn't
position like this like how much of the
bed my hair is taking up it's like like
I have to sit looks kind of cool after
sleeping in corners are you sorry I
didn't expect to like go we didn't
really go part in which dance but I
didn't like to do that in the first day
another but we were in our running shoes
over when she was like I was telling no
sir I am just so ugly and embarrassing
all the time
well I've just discovered that I care
less and less about what people think
and when I'm dancing in public you would
think no one else is around me the way I
dance I'm just like and it helps when
your friends like that I'm gonna doing
the weirdest crap all the time yeah but
you know we have to get collective we
have so much air oh my God look how much
hair we have right now oh my god this is
what's mad nice though it's really big
it's like it's like she what summers I
went to last time with none Asia and
then what was that one called Grand
Oasis that was Grand Oasis yeah this
one's like some next royal royal ish
Royalton ish it's so big and like
massive and I don't know how to get to
my room so I'm gonna have to be the
notion for the entire trip or I'll get
lost nice segue yeah I'm sleepy even
though I shouldn't be because I'm three
hours behind it is 1:15 a.m. and tech
and clearly oh no she's like hey no joke
she also wakes up very early for work so
her sleep schedule was like Grandma
status um but I'm gonna get some proper
C because I slept on plane when edit
this vlog because I promise to maintain
the vlog schedule and edit this vlog
loose this vlog check a few emails go to
sleep day one in Cancun day two we get
to actually check out the resort during
the daytime and see how beautiful it is
hopefully it's hot and do some work on
the beach and I'm very excited about it
thank you for joining me on another day
and I hope you had a great day if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe guess
what just happened holy crap so for
years I've been fighting with my parents
right because I lost my car keys once
upon a time I was like you I don't know
where they are I have no idea that you
guys lost my disappeared
oh my dear face my mom and I should go
walk me she go whoop
