I'm little black Riding Hood good
morning it is a rainy day here in LA it
feels like I'm in London uh-huh I woke
up okay I'm not sick sick but I woke up
for some period so my stomach hurts I
know guys you want to hear that but
that's what's happening and I you know
what I know if you've ever experienced
this you know when you're sick and you
breathe it's almost like too much air is
coming out of your nose so it hurts like
burns that's what I'm experiencing but
I'm headed to my meeting it is 10:00
a.m. I got oatmeal in my bag and we're
gonna kill it it's cold and rainy all
the things I love probably the coolest
meeting I've ever had in my entire
career thus far I've got to be so
excited about my career fortunate I
can't tell you the details of it but it
was very very cool it was awesome I am
so tired of being 20% sick I need to
stop being sick because my stomach just
feels woozy and my nose is running and
my throat is just on 100% and I'm just
very over it I'm not I'm I'm over this I
don't want it to be like this anymore so
I'm gonna take it easy maybe some simple
work take it easy maybe have some soup
it was here in amazing shape gross yeah
I do not like the ring I knows a lot of
people I like the ring I'm not one of
those people a lot of you got scared
about the picture of no no I wouldn't oh
by the way stick you get someone looking
in my bad my bad I don't like the rain
it makes me tired
it makes me groggy it makes me want to
lie down yeah I mean I wanna do all
those thing you know the only thing
that's keeping me up is am angry I don't
want to eat so a Christmas gift from my
sister just arrived and they're glasses
and now officially the biggest douche
bag ever proud douche bag because they
say T L pee on them for the lilypad come
on how awesome thank you so much Tina
said before he's got four of these
glasses and I think another shipment is
coming tomorrow now more than four
people can come over amazing right cuz I
texted grace named Reed Hanna and I was
like I'm inviting you guys over but you
can't bring anyone because I'll have our
glasses now if they can bring someone
sewing yesterday's vlog I mentioned that
was in a test drive a car today I was so
excited I got
you so excited and it turns out I'm just
a huge jerk because I just cancelled it
why because it's raining outside and I
don't want to test drive a car while
it's raining one because I'm scared and
I'm a chicken and also because I want to
enjoy the experience of like the sun
shining and we test drive my car so you
can't mean the feels right hand feels um
so I cancel that so it's rescheduled to
Thursday so I'm sorry for getting you
all excited shoot me
sue me I'm the worst person ever
drinking my vitamin C now just watch my
blog from yesterday I was like I'm not
sick I'm not sick I'm so totally sick
I'm sorry to keep complaining I'm not
sorry I know you want to see all sides
of Lily but I just feel so physically
and crappy and it's resulting with
mentally crappy because you already know
if you watch my vlogs I hate not doing
things I don't like just lying down of
course I love naps but I like feeling
like I had a productive day and I feel
like again and I'm getting a fever and I
feel so hot I just feel so weak just
strange because I'm I'm taking care of
myself way better I feel like it's just
apparently something's going around so I
don't know maybe I'm just sick but it
sucks because it can't be as productive
and it's really irritating me and you
know it's 2016 new year I'm trying to
start with the bang and I'm just like
falling over so I'm gonna take it easy
I'm setting up my blanket here I'm gonna
watch the American Horror Story
I don't relax the rest of the I did most
of the work I had to do those urgent so
I'm literally gonna relax and be lazy
for the rest today have some soup try to
get better cuz I don't want to be sick
again tomorrow something else on my mind
before I do this that it's not even a
rant it's more so a conversation a
critical conversation before I start the
facts I'm not mad I'm not offended I
don't feel I have to explain myself
these are just this is a conversation I
want because I really like it when I
learn other people's perspectives and
ideas and beliefs and so I like to share
my own not because I'm trying to defend
myself or I'm trying to prove them right
I just think it's really cool how we all
have different perspectives in life so
I'm sharing mine so I showed in my
apartment the other day that I have this
piece of artwork with Buddha that says
the see no evil speak no evil hear no
evil
and said my guest washroom showed a -
one more time right there and I love it
it's like one of my favorite pieces that
are so I want to show that in my vlogs
was a few people that commented and they
weren't rude at all they were just as
I'm dry now expressing their opinion
that were like as someone who believes
in you know but I think it's really
disrespectful that you put the picture
in a washerman
it wasn't overwhelming amount of people
there's a few people and that caught my
attention because I was like whoa I
never even thought about pet at all so I
commented back saying I'm really curious
to know like why you feel this way or
what not just because I've never even
thought about that or heard about that
so you know she the girl replied very
politely explaining her point of view
some people were like whoa why is - boom
getting all defensive no no I'm really
just curious so I guess my viewpoint on
this is that I'm just gonna be factual
and I hope you don't take this the wrong
way is that I don't practice any
religion as you know I do have a picture
the bullet because that one concept of I
you know speak know you'll hear evil and
see no evil I really really like that
concept but in my books I would never do
anything I think was offensive and I
think in work and in life what we need
to remember is that we we judge other
people by their actions and ourselves by
our intentions and it's so easy to think
that people trying to be offensive and
trying to be disrespectful or really in
my mind in my apartment I would never
try to be offensive at all in my beliefs
I guess are that you know I really
believe God is everywhere and I believe
that having a picture in a washroom I
don't I personally don't feel anything
is disrespectful about that if you
disagree more than welcome to disagree
I'll respect your viewpoint if I come to
your apartment and your decor is
different
I will respect that but I don't just
simply because I don't I guess my brain
doesn't understand the correlation
between disrespectfulness and a washroom
like it's a bodily function it's a human
function everyone does it it's normal my
thinking was people will go to the
washroom and then be enlightened by this
amazing piece of artwork people who
disagree with me
but that's just my viewpoint because I'm
like okay if it was in the washroom and
it's disrespectful does that mean if I
put it slightly outside of the washroom
it's not disrespectful then long story
short I'm not gonna remove it because I
really like it there and it's what I'm
recording to my belief is okay but if
you are offended by this which none of
you were like angry you were all very
very polite about it so thank you but I
don't mean to be offensive and I'm sorry
if you are offended and I respect your
viewpoint and thank you for teaching me
something new a different perspective
because I never ever would have thought
of that so we're all learning together
we're all great raw we're all sick we're
all gonna lie down we're all we're all
gonna watch American Horror Story I love
you all very much I love learning new
things thank you for teaching me that
rule of thumb moving forward never ever
think that I'm intentionally trying to
offend someone it's just really not in
my nature and if I ever do it's always
gonna be in a way that I didn't intend
to do so so now that we've included that
I'm gonna watch American Horror Story
and have a fever and I'm sweating I'm
still sitting here I haven't started
oh how wonderful the sun is shining so
pleasantly on my skin critics I'm finish
everything selfies not what these
ratchet nails um I might have I might
have take selfie okay fine I'll do first
uh um so the type of sickness I feel and
it's been like this or a few days like
my stomach's a bit upset and I'm like I
said I got my period throttle is oh okay
so that's expected but it's like even
before I got a period it's the feeling
is very weird it's like even if I just
finished eating like a huge meal my
stomach feels as if it's like raging
with hunger but it's not hunger it's
like that feeling though of like that
pain that you get when you're really
hunger so I'm like it feels like nothing
is in my body and all times is very
strange so I'm hoping it's just like a
fatigue thing and I'm just gonna rest it
out I'm hoping but that's the update on
that also I brought this from home this
is maca maca maca maca Montano's rum he
signed it for me and gave it to me so I
brought from home and I'm just telling
you random things now because my brain
is exploding and this light looks good
so I'm like why don't I just keep
talking about stuff oh this is really
cool this is something you should know
so I made the decision that everything
all the way
slight he said are you saying how you
doing yeah yeah
so candidate casual every time no I'm
just casually this is just my stand
every time I release the video on Monday
and Thursday of my main channel videos
I'm gonna get them closed captioned
within 24 hours because I want more
people to enjoy my videos and you know
if you're hearing impaired you still
disease so you still gonna laugh so
within 24 hours of releasing every
Monday and Thursday video I'm going to
be adding closed captions to my videos I
don't always tweet it out being like now
with closed caption so spread the word
especially if you have any hearing
impaired friends let them know I am
trying to make this active effort to
include them in team super I use from
the lilypad views views you you just
finished American Horror Story season 2
it was it was good I feel about the
ending the last episode was really good
I don't know I felt about all the
storylines that were tied together but
it was good I'm gonna start in season 3
uh it is 9
it's so early still and I told myself I
wasn't arrested not work so I've sent a
few emails from the sofa but for the
most part tears to come here my eyes the
most part no I'm going to rest I might
eat some soup and then I'm gonna start
season 3 and I have a call time tomorrow
8:00 a.m. so probably gonna sleep by
like 12 I mean my I'm debating ordering
some food even though I have news I
already ate a healthy breakfast a
healthy lunch but you don't know just
think you kind of want a warm and hearty
I have soup but it's like not gonna
touch my soul so debate to have one like
I'm not on my diet so I'm not gonna say
cheat meal but I don't want to order out
because I have the food but I think I
need to look super filling and like
heavy to like make me feel better so I'm
debating will see standby since I know
this is the most important thing you're
experiencing today what I'm gonna do
standby so I just tweeted this but I
feel the news talk about it as well
today's been a very conversational vlog
I have like a problem I like to be very
self aware with my flaws and these damn
things that people why why would I hang
up my night suit why would they be here
I like to very self-aware with my flaws
and with things I'm gonna have things
I'm bad and all those things so I've
noticed
I feel very and I've expressed you as
well I feel very guilty and uneasy and
uncomfortable when I do nothing and the
fact that I'm lying here it's making
it's like stressing me out
it's like you should be doing something
and I keep looking at the time see what
time it is and I just I have a very hard
time unwinding I'm done winding like
just taking a chill just relaxing be
like calm down you need to balance and
that's something I really need to work
on because you do need balance in your
life I mean as much as I preach about
hustling and working hard like sometimes
you just take care of yourself and I
need to get better at that so easy even
as I'm lying here I feel guilty and I'm
like shut up you don't need to feel
guilty you're allowed to just sit here
if you're sick it's fine it's fine
so this little note to myself or
something I need to improve on and it's
fine and it's fine also minor detail I
ordered report late but listen I didn't
get any cheese in any sour cream so
essentially it's beans vegetables brown
rice and lettuce I think it's fine
I have fat-free sour cream in the fridge
I'll put a scoop of that it's all about
compromise and I'm sick you washed my
face honestly I wish this burn would go
away I'm like so over more when I got it
that day I went to that event the oprah
event comment below if you let me if you
know like how I could get rid of a scar
or burn like this I would really love
for - go away - go away
it's my cue to go to sleep because I
can't speak it's 11:30 p.m. my sickness
has subsided a little bit but usually
when I wake up I'm sick all over again
so take some medicine watch one more
episode season three's bomb so far it's
about witches and like it's so boss I'm
not going to sleep and hopefully wake up
not sick since I woke up so early but
thanks for joining me on another day and
I read you saying you lost hugs and
kisses if you liked it subscribe if you
liked it subscribe was list
as one of Forbes 30 under 30 which is so
freakin cool and such a huge honor and
I'm so humbled and so grateful so that
Forbes has lists of 30 people under 30
in categories like entertainment social
entrepreneurs lifestyle cooking all that
stuff so in entertainment I was a sort
of one as one of herbs 13 to 30 on the
same list of life as like zendaya and
like Emilia Clarke Khaleesi I'm on the
same list as basically I have dragons
where are my dragons
