x marks the spot what up t-shirt
reference to be fair I don't really know
completely even what that meant but it
just like felt appropriate I am heading
to the finebros studio to shoot some
youtubers react which I love doing
I love the fine brothers I think they
have a great energy and every time I
spend a day with them or like even a
little bit of a day with them I'm like
feeling rejuvenated and motivated and
there's a notification that's saying
shoot youtubers react thank you I'm
heading down going there she's gonna be
a productive day I'm about to react the
effigies look where I am
look where I am and we just got so many
great episodes I'm not gonna tell you
what reenact Atun good but they were
really really cool they're really
different I was very pleased with it and
I have a cute braid so make sure when it
comes up you thumbs up it also I will
say I was telling them earlier and I was
like every time I go to the finebros
studio I'm so inspired because if you
ever go to their studio in their office
it's like so cool and all these awesome
people here and the Energy's great they
have snacks the snacks are free okay
it's great it's like so motivating for
me so every time I leave here I'm like
what am I doing with my life so get the
congrats to you inspire us as well
inspirations you need to figure out what
you want next and you will help you
achieve that however we can like I got
got back home getting ready to work I
got a salad I'm eating a salad healthy
lifestyle choices not a resolution
changing lifestyle that's what I'm
sticking to why am I doing this I know I
think it was a NY clip in a weird way
and normal okay it's peptide cometh
defector fat we split way were everyday
respect I'd come up defector whacked up
already forget the word that oh my god I
even gonna trade out and so long that's
why I'm forgetting the words now I'm
going to try that right now bye
I'm getting so good in the work zone
right now strapping in oh hey many
pictures I get a lot of work done it is
7:30 I plan to do a bunch where I got a
read a script I got I got my printouts
of my calendars
oh I got printouts for my calendar for
the whole year and I got some other
YouTube stuff to review so I got a whole
bunch of printouts to go through and a
bunch of emails that I just did
I want to make tomorrow's video idea
Selina is trending what is going on here
is the Selena Gomez will stop everything
that's cause of some stupid Justin
Bieber thing anyways and then I'm hoping
and trying to go to the gym tonight
that's think that's the goal not a
resolution a lifestyle want to go to the
gym I've heard do some work right now
working that's what's happening I also
look at this my cousin bought me these
or mad dough so I'm these lists and
their coolers are the crap crap to do
crap to buy other crap and there's like
crappiness level type of crap it's so
good so I give these to my team members
where I need them to do things it's dope
hey Dawg yo just jam and uploading
another vlog I did too
today I know let's do it everyday to
post daily vlogs the point of daily
vlogs and the reason I've been off is
like there's no reason actually I just
make up excuses but I'm trying my best
to make it one a day so you can actually
follow me on my journey a something
that's really been screwing me over in
terms of posting vlogs and videos even
though there's only a slight time
difference between Toronto and LA it's
only 3 hours it makes a big difference
like when I post because in Toronto I
post a video at 8 p.m. it's still ok but
here if I posted beyond 8 a.m. most of
the world will experience that video at
11 p.m. which is quite late so I am kind
of living behind most of the world now
so I need to post my videos earlier
according to my current time zone I'm in
right now so that's why I might have to
adjust to and I hope that I can expect
your patience in that matter of course
the can gives you the best tell you what
someone said to me today I'm gonna tell
you what's that was that immediate
someone tweeted mean they're like are we
gonna get a newsletter this month and if
we're not it's okay I totally understand
I'm saying team super so patient and
understanding I'm confident no other
creator gets tweets like that if they do
that I'm sorry for
I'm just bragging about my my team super
because I love them so much but on the
note of newsletters let's talk about
this let's let me sit right here just
like that okay I'm talking about this
real quick ah yo sup newsletters kind of
deciding not to do them anymore II don't
get mad let me explain why okay the
newsletter actually costs a lot of money
to make and it's not about the money you
know I would spend the money it's just
that I don't feel it does anything to
beneficial cuz the people who get the
news that are like the die-hard to super
fans but everything in the newsletter
you already know about
thing I put in the newsletters things I
tweeted about an Instagram butter in my
videos so it's kind of the time and
effort and the money that goes into it I
feel like it's not special enough to
continue it's not it's not special
enough to continue because it's
repetitive if anything if I ever had
something unique to say the newsletters
like for example discounts or shows when
I was on tour it made a lot of sense
because I was like be the first to get
the tickling to be the first to get that
but on a month-to-month basis its kind
of repetitive and this is based off
analytics like stats of me viewing all
the links the newsletter and it doesn't
doesn't do that well because everyone
that gets it already knows all the stuff
in the newsletter because y'all that
good so open our to upset that I'm not
continuing the newsletter but I have all
the great ideas and stuff so don't be
mad because I have so many other great
ideas and things I want to be for oh me
mouth don't freak out I had to fix this
because a whole Jolla I had to fix this
because I was coming off and I gotta
clean these footsteps at the maintenance
guy left so I'm on top oh no worries
right now but don't stress I'm thanks
I'm fine all right you can still see the
marks I mean I got out of the footprints
but now there's just ledges of marks I
don't to do more if we look into those
how to clean this properly I'd clean
this painted surface maybe I need to put
up a cloth I don't know yeah yeah being
an owner of a place I don't own this
place living alone is hard mommy not a
resolution a lifestyle change
oh my body broken so I worked out never
worked out in like years and years and
years years and years and years it's
almost like I have a fear of working out
you were just like I don't like doing
things I'm not good at I'm not good at
working I don't know how to work out I
don't know how to breathe while working
up I don't know any proper motions or
movement so I've just like not done it
because I'm like scared to do it I hate
doing things I'm not good at umm I got
over it I went I just best as I could I
was like Lily it's okay go for the first
day see what you know
come on Google Samish like card eons I
was really hard for me my endurance in
terms of like cardio is not good but I
was like yo you gotta start somewhere
I went I worked up a sweat I worked my
arms today I'm dying I'm sure in the
morning or during be able to hold my
tooth
but I did it gotta start somewhere
also you ever want to work out Lindsey
Stirling is that okay
Italian hold my phone my arms hurt
Lindsey Stirling that's some workout
music right there no I made myself a
little protein bowl with some vegetarian
ground beef beans cream peppers red
peppers some lettuce yeah it's gonna be
good and I know this sucks is I just got
over being sick right so gonna be sick
again I have that tingle in my throat
again I feel like it's because I keep
going from cold right at the hot weather
cold weather hot weather so I am
drinking some vitamin C it's dissolving
my mom would be very proud
also my bowl is clearly too small for my
meal and it's because all my bigger
bowls are dirty in the sink so welcome
to official living on your own now that
the face of washing the dishes has gone
and passed I don't do that ish every day
so now I'm like Oh small bowl sure I'll
just eat less all right it's 12:45 and I
definitely feel like I'm getting sick
again uh-huh
so I just chug some vitamin C I took
some medicine I still got a lot of work
done today let's recap today I woke up
shot youtubers react
came back home said checked all my
emails replied to all my emails
initiated one secret project I'm not
gonna tell you about I went to the gym I
wash the dishes I sweep I took out the
garbage those counters things are all
things my nose wings coming up fixed my
nose ring washed my face edited two
vlogs edited and released two bugs
cooked dinner a healthy dinner I also
ate a salad picked up on my clothes
clean my closet or did you that
yesterday no I did that yesterday I like
I like but I did a lot of stuff but a
lot of stuff was very productive day
tomorrow is video day the first Monday
super Monday of the year so I'm excited
about that and I refuse to wake up sick
so I'm gonna go to bed wake up bright
and early tomorrow I plan to release a
video I have a call I'm planning to read
through a script to scripts and have a
super super productive day that's the
plan
right Peter right thank you for joining
me on my day I hope you got a stupendous
today I'm a tad too bad while you're
here if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe from Lindsey Stirling
the only part of the party you know how
I'm in love we are in love with each
other and she wrote me sweetest card and
she mentions me is a suit she's like I
don't make me make another vlog of four
minutes of me loving Lindsey Stirling
who's you know I'll do it she put me in
like the ending like the thank yous and
stuff in the book like I'm in the book
she put my name in the book honestly
lindsay i freaking love you go buy this
book if you haven't already only part of
the party because she's phenomenal human
being
