I got sent to jail JK hanging here so
what today is shoot day I can't tell you
what exactly shooters for but it is
something along the lines of my HT to
iMovie and I'm very excited about and
there's so many people here I parked in
the parking lot and there's like 50
people here and I'm like there's no way
50 people are here for this shoot and
I'm just like it boggles my mind when I
go to suits
how many people are on set probably
probably because I like shoot and I
didn't do everything myself
what you're not saying is better it's
just a different different scenario but
it bothers my mind when there's like 50
people to do a one shoot and I'm like oh
my god
unless they're really important I mean
so students a huge says you can see
behind us there's so many people they
even closed down part of the road it's
my bad smell that's my vibes and very
excitable this is all very very real I
know you don't know any information
about it that's because I have any
information about release yet but I like
to know when I know and exciting it's
cool and I'm just learned about great
people and I guess my skin looks kinda
nice and was light so I'm just gonna
talk about random stuff iguanas
flush
okay let's shoot I'm so gonna fired for
my own life it's lunchtime it's freezing
serious like it look who's back from
India India excursion
she's like eating a cookie I think it's
really cold over eating lines
she went gray after lunch is still a
bunch of wild lines do but went great
everything's good I have cookies I have
potatoes and that's the status right now
I'm a happy person no vlogger you think
is gonna release yet because I've been
doing this but come in soon monkey yo yo
yo so I'm back at my place village it
moment when they let you keep your
wardrobe I love doing shoots because it
let me keep my new wardrobe so often I
got the jack and everything I was
wearing you can throw in some extra
shoes for me now see that's if I don't
have enough shoes already that's cool I
was feeling that thug life or hug life
what up t-shirt reference I'm gonna do
some work maybe hang out for a bit we'll
see what's up
go to the gym take off my makeup so I
can function as a person or hold on just
like a trend now is a trend I think I
pulled up some of my real ones though
stop by the way stop game honey honey
honey honey so so I'm a vlogger so late
today my laptop both my laptop and my
iMac are having like severe problems
because they keep saying they're full
like no more storage space and I keep
deleting things and they still are so
full I just don't understand how I just
like thoroughly clean both of them my
blog is just not saving it keeps like
stopping be like not enough storage I'm
saving it onto my hard drive so it
shouldn't even be taking up space I
think something's wrong I have no idea
but that's what I've been dealing with
all day while on set trying to save this
damn blog and it's just not happening
stop stew burn this random stranger
showed up at my place you have these
lines up can we look at your shirt for a
second
okay sure is this the world peace it is
Superman Batman what is this I can't
even see right now my glasses something
new Green Green Lantern possibly and
Iron Man I don't even know flash flash
flash how's it going just you know
chilling we're catching up is we nice
each other see okay we're trying a dog
is not safe
I just this is what's happening I don't
understand it's just saying like your
system was run out of memory but it has
fixed this holler in the comments
literally I but I don't understand
what's happening right now I feel like
I'm a virus this is very frustrating for
me I love this so late
yeah so more glasses from teeth on these
are dope shot glasses TLP the lily pad
yo I just killed the game up in here
with this complete set just kill em just
right now party this is my party Susie
he's driving we can use these but like
these are so cute TLP the lily pad my
martini glasses my wine glasses my
everything it's not the full name just
acronym so jealous
everybody else is logging so now I'm
pressured to vlog right now I was first
chilling with Susie innocently and now
he's here and now we're going to target
man in the u.s. in the douche-mobile
we're going to target in the
douche-mobile wow this guy what's that
lady's still single rate of Simba I
can't get over this guy I can't I can't
believe you exist as a real human being
what did you laugh at nothing I think
you're so cool he's actually really cool
a nice guy just have to me because it's
nothing if you like and make kind of
like this that wouldn't take this person
do you personally know of course it's
great I call you a hair yeah just you
know a bunch of youtubers turn up on a
Friday you know what's up watch buy some
shampoo and toilet paper you my blush
looks real intense in everyday living I
don't usually do this but I just came
from so don't judge me no guru no for
his use of gun is 114 a.m. and I don't
know how that s that happened I just
finished cleaning my place i vacuumed
there do the dishes I
what's a cold when you spray and clean
something such as called cleaning I
click wipe things I don't know I cleaned
so a place looking pretty
I can span in it I am going to wash my
face then watch some episodes of
American Horror Story and then go to bed
I didn't do much more when I got back
home so he came over then we went to
Target with Yusuf but it's again it's
the weekend Friday Saturday Sunday
um you don't get money most like I
checked him tomorrow tomorrow I'm
actually shooting a clap with Gabi she's
coming over and we're gonna shoot
something furniture and also that's dope
because I've actually never you know
what I don't think actually ever met her
I met her and I think about it she's
gonna come over we're gonna show some
you dope I really like her just do what
I've seen online and stuff so that's
cool but I'm gonna wash my face you know
I'm so proud of myself
look look at this right now all the
clothes picked up guys new yellow shoes
that I got from the shoot a tank pick up
I don't go to the gym today
oh that's two days in a row okay
tomorrow Jim for sure Jim I'm and I'm
gonna complete work on arms and legs and
everything adds everything myself
my room's like clean I'm like I'll set
up some new jewelry thing that I like
put all my bracelets on and then I
finally organize this cupboard for my
the rest of my jewelry and got these
like organizers things so that was the
last thing I needed to kind of like
unpack and do so I did that and I'm
happy I'm gonna do back after watching
some American Horror Story I hope you
had a stupendous day thank you joining
me on my deck can't wait to see I can't
wait for you to see the finished product
of what we saw whenever it comes out
I'll let you know I don't know what it's
coming up but it was dope was so great
to hang with you sipping Susie's well
just like chill oh they're normal people
I like it um I bet a great day thank you
joining me on my day I know if you're
here and you watching this and you
haven't done so yeah thank you if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe my
logo as a rig
and I've been wanting to do this forever
because I'm like I really easy at my
Logan ring and look it's if this is the
ring
