it's New Years Eve good morning good
afternoon is 3 p.m. I taste some cereal
I sprung out of bed because I had an
idea as I was mentioning my vlog
yesterday I basically was like am I
gonna make a recap video am I not it
might be repetitive and then while in my
sleep I was like what if I like team
super involved in like jump out of that
one on snapchat and gave a bunch of
instructions basically my idea is to
recap the year but have team supers
voice and face in the corner and they
get to say everything we kind of did
Kazuko we're in this together so like
you guys would be involved in it um
super last minute though because I need
the videos in like an hour hour and a
half so um I just put the end to be
honest which is fine because I actually
don't need that many videos I just need
enough videos to kind of I guess go
through the list and stuff you know you
know anyway so that's what's happening
right now team super around the world is
working together try to make this video
happen how many are ready to record my
portion and then yo this is gonna be a
boost to edit but it's like 4 3 4 SH and
people are only coming over at 11 so
like even if I release it out like a
it's cool I just thought it'd be a nice
thing like we can still watch it
tomorrow and the day after but you know
that's so last-minute
that's too it honestly I did this to
myself I did this to myself because now
New Year's Eve my foundation is just
it's there's just nothing left I did it
why didn't I get some I know I'm like
squeezing and squeezing and it's not
coming out you know I just got my
concealer on so I'm more like discolored
ah should I cut this edge open I might
have cut the search open I might have
cut this edge open JK I squeezed them
out I managed I should probably buy
another one tomorrow I'm sure it'll be
fine
anyways I'm gonna get ready to record
this video what up thug life just
released a vlog my last vlog is quite
long it's like what what is what is this
some new laulima on this side um it's
like 13 minutes long but it's like funny
I'm like weird and crap more weird than
usual the time is 538 release that vlog
I'm going to shoot the stuff I need for
the video the good thing is yesterday
because I knew I knew like I might do a
recap video so I did download a bunch of
footage I needed for it so I'm like one
step ahead so I record this bit remember
what compa maja and then I'm going to
edit and release just because I don't
care if it's repetitive I decide I want
to do recap videos like mentally I think
I need it to be like I think it's so
important like
so so important to be grateful for
things not because sorry I'm about to
get mad deep in philosophical right now
I'm like a mad lily mode right now
I truly believe one of the keys to
happiness is being grateful if you just
sit in a room be like think about all
the things you have yeah Mon come in
what are you wearing mom say nights you
just think about all the things you're
grateful for like your day will be so
much better because it's so easy to
overlook them sometimes even write them
down that's why I have this vision board
I forgot totally Cardo saying but like
this recap video is my way of like
editing and me like holy crap I'm so
grateful for this and for me that's
motivating to 100 more in 2016 so it's
more of like a mental emotional thing
that I want to do this recap video I'm
so glad you to be a part of it so yeah
mama made me oh I'm so weird
she ramen noodles with veggie meat and
asparagus I love asparagus so I'm about
to eat this a decision we gonna begin
delicious it's 8:30 9:00 p.m. on New
Year's Eve definitely didn't realize how
hard this video would be to edit I'm
almost done I feel like in an hour I'll
be done imma just fine chase them only
time 8:11 anyway so cool I quit trying
out spring how great I love it
I love how like you guys are so honestly
team supers the best and you're so funny
so many people send me videos like their
dogs just straight-up barking the whole
like bra wrapped I you would you say no
da ba ba ba but alright as my video has
a few more minutes to upload I change
into my New Year's Eve outfit which is
this onesie and my unicorn slippers I'm
ready to ring in the New Year like an
adult a professional mature adult
obviously alright and about 1/2 hours
chases and come God knows why to know
she's gonna come we'll see it's mostly
she's gonna be you know me livin I don't
I don't need nobody I'm nobody
or myself me some food me maybe a drank
in my car that's what I do I'm good so
the videos out and everyone seems to
really really like it so if you want to
check it out the link is on
it is on my main channel the link is in
the description I just had a little
one-on-one with God and I don't talk
about God a lot I always people always
think you're not religious though and so
and so on why would you have your
tattoos own so I'm not religious but uh
I don't follow one particular religion
even though yes I have a sick piece of
art right there
sick seek it's a religion sick is how
you pronounce it um it is one my
favorite places on the planet that's why
but um I still very much so believe you
know why do I keep explaining like like
as if I'm mad like I'm scared people you
get mad at me for my beliefs no I'm
proud of my beliefs I'm not really just
by very much so believe in God and I had
a one-on-one with God just being like yo
thanks I'm 2016 and it's important to
always remember one of the ways I
attempt to stay grounded in my life is
just to know no matter how hard you work
like I could pull 50 all-nighters and I
could send a million emails go to a
million auditions do make a million
videos they could be so so good like
still everything that happens in my
opinion is that the will of God if God
doesn't want something to happen no
matter how hard you work it won't happen
so it's in my life something I believe
is that God will always be above you and
the ultimate teacher and you will
forever be a student you'll forever be
in God's debt and that's just the way it
is and so anyways now we're getting
sentimental um um I just saw my mom's
post on Facebook and I post something on
Facebook as well those you who have just
joined the team super family might not
know that a few blogs ago I mentioned it
was why-why-why a few blocks ago I
mentioned it was my grandfather's
birthday on Christmas if you've just
joined family you might not know that
three years ago my grandfather turned 92
was the night I believe it's 92 on
Christmas and then a couple days later
on New Year's Eve he passed away so I
was super super close to him and so
every New Year's Eve it's a little bit
difficult we still celebrate and we're
so thankful we still you know bring
bringing the good times but there's
always a part of our entire family
that's a little bit like because it was
on New Year's Eve that he passed away
and so it was actually in the middle of
me editing one of my recap video so now
even every time I shoot what
my recap videos that's all I think about
my brain but it's important to remember
to spend time with people you love and
just a friendly reminder to do that but
the reason I bring this up because my
mom's Facebook post is very very cute it
says dear dad and it's a picture of my
grandpa dear dad you're in a better
place and God rest you in peace but an
empty space in our hearts will always be
there as you are missed by your kids
grandkids and team super love always
that's a part of my mom's Facebook post
so I thought that was very special and
so you'd a real MVP you're looking down
on us it's gonna be all good
that's what's up I just had to show you
this because my sister's post as well
this is my grandfather and look how
adorable and wonderful and perfect he is
like come on perfection so everyone's
here not to make my soul into the tie up
you got him also somewhere time yeah
it's how we get bossy yeah right true um
balloons and ease gentlemen
humble refuses to wear onesie like he
refuses to wear onesies
oh that's incorrect when I ask you a
onesie once you're like I refuse to a
onesie the exact words were every man
who wears a onesie is wack except the
rock that was I remember saying this
sounds like me oh it sounds like you got
a good word for it oh look up here hey
take it feed it on that so quickly I'm
gonna get you something right now here's
your unicorn on IRA's energy and some of
this tie and animal me I didn't even
notice when chase put it on me but that
was on me we got 40 seconds left until
2060 we turn it up what all turning up
happening all turning up from the
parents of the turning house and the bay
from the floor ah
how anticlimactic Happy New Year dad
yeah yeah after all right yeah after mom
always after them why Mama's first mom's
first Happy New Year from two more
single sadly I want everybody more
successful oh yeah I love kissing OSHA's
nose it's my favorite thing to do
Happy New Year team super thank you for
great year
that's a guillotine super yeah yeah
powder bought champagne
Oh like yes this more porn upside up
they install a graphics chips bottom
cheese this one yes messing it back in
went on popcorn
we always okay okay
happy to help yes what's that time deal
time humbles very adamant dumpling he
wants Redemption from the last time when
I walked him I don't know why he wants
to start the new year off like this to
be Ozzie your house oficina bf4 2016 by
see Lucy look if he's so serious about
like Scentsy walkies like we playing
deal we're playing this guy look at that
you can see it in his beard it's been
turning green initial my god
so I'm a third game two games have
happened chase one-one sandy won one
humbling are sitting here like so he
played several games in home what I want
none of them won them all chase is one
the most sad you on the second most and
we've met one man now they're leaving
and chase not gonna paint I'm gonna whop
him I'm a woman so not chase and I are
playing and we've played five games and
I've won four and he's won one that's
really ugly beautiful he just like I'm
Rob Lee hahaha 7 a.m. chase ended up
beating me six five I'm very annoyed but
it's okay I had a great years or so
I ate so many skittles and I was with
people I love and it's 7:00 a.m. so I'm
gonna go to sleep now I hope you had a
great New Year's and you're safe and
happy and healthy and it's inspired and
all those wonderful things I'm gonna
head to bed and tomorrow's New Year's
Day
we'll see what time I wake up my sister
is coming over tomorrow's are the kids
they'll be there and I'll pack up my
stuff cuz I'm leaving the next morning
January 2nd early so 2016 here we go
win this together if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe be
like yo you know what your new year's
resolution should be if you like it
subscribe my mom is forcing me to learn
how to make a rice and I don't care I
hear I can't you have to learn ok listen
how many days you're gonna make look I'm
gonna make two races
