is it ever the morning good morning
look at me I'm which characters from
Star Wars princess
Ned Lily I'm gonna neighbor put this
lead there you know my Star Wars
knowledge is like not on par there so I
was like Leia so I don't present I'm up
early I have an interview so I got my
glam squad here getting me ready and
making me look awake and tricking people
into thinking I'm a functional person
let's do it I feel like I kind of look
like I should ride a motorcycle right
now and I'm saying no say why do i turn
the camera like that hold on yeah
motorcycle goody a motorcycle I went I
just canceled interview go by motorcycle
BRB no sore heading this interview it is
another rainy day in LA so I feel like
shutting down and just lying down but I
did that yesterday so I can't do it
again
I'm feeling a lot better I don't feel
sick in the current moment we'll see
what happens when I get back and
impaired to an interview for talk
stupids Ida as a Canadian I have very
little idea but what this is but
apparently it's it on the New York taxis
how they have that interview playing
it's gonna be that which is really
really super cool so I'm excited ask you
not to do matte red lip mix my yellow
teeth look whiter kill in the game kill
in the game finish the interview it was
actually outside in this rainy rainy
weather and it's so interesting because
like I'm just looking at the road as
we're driving and it's like true LA is
not set up for rain so everyone keeps
bringing it up like oh my god it's
raining there's like no drains like this
drain is overflowing it's I don't know
if you can see the water is just like
chillin it's not going anywhere so
that's different like a chicken so check
this out wait for it wait for that
little drain right there is like not
having it like not able to handle this
this is kind of amusing for me we're
heading back home and
I'm gonna leave eye makeup on all day
and FaceTime as many people as I can all
right I'm headed to my next meeting
I did a bunch of work and I'm very happy
about it and so what I'm wearing it's
very like it's kind of chilly up this
dis hair dope okay I think my fake
eyelash just stuck to my eyebrow hold up
I had problems out I really need to wash
my hair the hair stylist camera was like
I'm so sorry her so like dirty because I
was posed to watch it yesterday then I
got a fever and I was like oops and into
it but I'm headed to my next meeting
and so - I a little bit and it's not
raining as much and let go
yo so I'm back from my meeting went
great um I have two boxes waiting for me
I feel like they're more glasses from my
sister because she said two more boxes
were coming release the vlog real quick
it's only 3:30 and I'm like I've done so
much I woke up so early to in the game
and not sick and I got a red lipstick on
god damn god damn I'm not to do
something with this because fo I start
the but you just see my face before the
actual thing start recording I'm like so
so the internet is so slow and I don't
know why I'm gonna take that fix because
like my blogs and uploading for over an
hour and nah
let's see what are you okay
okay okay top-2 lily pad martini glasses
my god it's only 4:40 it's so dark
outside and I feel like it's like 9 p.m.
I need something I watched on my glasses
look I got a little setup here very cool
eat something get some work done but I
just like figures 10:00 p.m. I also work
with woke up early so I guess that's why
but um it's watch the dishes
look at me I'm joking I'm trying my best
I'm gonna work
imma go to the gym more to American
Horror Story that's the plan that's the
plans you order some plans I all right
so I got the tofu sweet potato green
beans and cabbage so I was thinking
today I'm like Dave is this taste good
but they've literally given me the same
meal for every single day and I can't
eat the same thing seven days in a row
so I'm gonna lie to soup this up a
little bit maybe put some like sauce on
the tofu throw some beans in there or
something cuz I can't eat the same thing
every day
I'm gonna call them and tell them like
to give me different stuff even though a
vegetarian like you can do stew other
stuff not just tofu so much I souped us
up a little bit this is the before we're
trying to show you it after it might
look exactly the same just on a plate
stay tuned after looks exactly the same
once I got some beans
I put some sauce on that and grilled
them up I also grilled all this stuff so
it's a little bit different than it was
yesterday but Lego
it still tastes really good it's just
too much repetition you know I mean yeah
I mean you know what I mean you know
what I'm talking about you know you know
what I'm talking but not your head nod
your head nod your head you know what
I'm talking about I know I've mentioned
before that I can't like eat properly
while wearing makeup and lipstick and
stuff but I ate but now I'm gonna wash
my face why because I want to work it's
so weird I spent most of my career in
makeup because I'm on camera a lot but I
feel like I can't function when I have a
full face of makeup ache eyelashes like
I can't I can't do it
I guess feel like I can't get work done
because I'm a layer of stuff on my face
um guys if you ever wanted to know guys
who don't wear makeup how fake eyelashes
work don't be grossed out but like that
there's an eyelash oh the dilemma I took
my eyelashes off it's kind of weird if
you think about it
but this is the difference now let me
explain you know people say how can that
make a difference look you can see right
here fake real that's the difference
eyelashes make so yeah this seems so
much more dramatic look at me
talk about high no stuff
this is this would be my makeup trial so
you're gonna put the eyelashes um here
to extend the eye can you put okay we're
gonna put the eyelashes right here to
exclude a my joke at this it's several
hours later and I ate an apple that is
my update goodbye
so I'm trying this new thing where in an
effort to reduce my workaholic miss
although I don't necessarily always see
it as a flaw I think I like it I like it
about myself but I started to have a
posted on my desk now and every day I
write down what I accomplish because my
biggest problem is that after a long day
I could have done like a billion things
but when I go to bed I still don't feel
like I did enough I never feel like I
did enough I always feel like dude why
I've been lazy so I'm writing down
everything I'm doing so that I can look
at at the end of day and be like well I
actually did all of these things and
like it's fine
so that's a tactic in case you ever deal
the same problem with feeling like you
weren't productive or feeling you not
getting things done write down what you
did so you can look at it and be like
wow I actually didn't do enough or dang
I deserve a break homie that's what's up
that's what's up
I went to other gym and I really have
the whole little mini gym to myself yay
I had a great workout um after cardio is
like dripping sweat um I did arms
technically I was doing my ABS coasters
do my abs we'll see what happens I'm I
go and do some work now you know I swear
I could do like a lot of really
difficult things in life you know even
I'm working out working doing long
shoots anything is still the hardest
thing for me to do in my life is pick up
my clothes after I change like I just
want to leave my clothes on the floor
and not like it's such a problem it's
such a mission for me to pick up clothes
and what it is so I've tried every night
now to pick them up and I just picked up
a bunch of clothes and I'm sick if I
just why it takes look 0.4 seconds we're
gonna pick this up why can't I do I
don't understand I don't know I'm what
comment below you have the same problem
I just don't know why I can't do it I'm
gonna wash my hair because dirty right
now is not tea right goatee goatee right
now and I did that much work sometimes
when I say I'm gonna do work I find
myself just like scrolling through
Facebook so something I'm trying to do
is when I actually doing a task to
completely Hill it's so tempting to have
Facebook pretty awesome open is to
completely close it I didn't do that but
I thought about it I'm gonna wash my
hair now get into the shower came about
- cleaner ting I'm a pink towel almost
off the gym right there's like free
weights but some are always missing so
there was one five-pound weight the
other ones gone sound like 1/3 pound
weight one five-pound weight I'm like
what the bumper eyes how much doesn't
work out so I'm like working on a
five-pound weight and a three pound
weight I'm like one of my arms gonna be
like Popeye and the other one's gonna be
like spaghetti I don't understand how
much was the bounds girls like yeah yeah
yeah and then a little bit of rubber
just like really I just don't want
people stealing weights stop it stop it
stop please stop
are you sonic he's - Hank he's like why
why you know let's take a moment stop
complaining about things and be grateful
today was a great day you accomplished a
lot we went to an interview and met with
injury was she was so rad I really liked
that girl
her name was Kent and I was like oh my
god you're an animal and a human my two
favorite things um so I'd interview my
hair and makeup
I had a meeting I released a vlog I
checked all my emails responded to all
my emails I finished what really big
annoying tasks that I had to do so I
finished that iMessage two very
important people I set up a meeting for
tomorrow I went to the gym um yeah and
now I'm about to watch the American
Horror Story go see so was a productive
day I'm happy
tomorrow is video day should've done
today didn't have to tomorrow tomorrow I
have that test drive that Astana is
tomorrow as long as it doesn't rain
which it shouldn't test drive and it's
video day and I have a fitting early in
the morning for a shoot I have coming up
so that's the day looks like tomorrow
thank just choked on my own recap thank
you for joining me on this day I hope
you had a stupendous day comment below
let me know what your day I'm always
here yap-yap yap-yap and tell me about
your how was your day what did you do
what did you eat who did you hug who did
you like let me know in the comments
below and yeah thank you so much if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe and don't like that subscribe
but my sister just arrived and their
glasses and now officially the biggest
douchebag ever proud douchebag because
they say T LP on them for the lilypad
come on
how awesome thank you so much to you
