when you're so tired you want to punch
yourself in the pancreas my foundation
lasted another day it's so early I
barely slept but I'm headed to the
skittles pawn shop and and I'm look at
him wearing skittles themed shoes that a
fan made me once I'm very very excited
about it but I like usual and weights
let's go
yeah headed to the schemas pawn shop
look I'm wearing a winter jacket like
what is what it's like what climate do I
live in changes every single day look at
ya
ha ha cheesier and there's talks about a
big storm coming a snow storm later this
evening so we might see snow we'll see
overhead of there I'm very excited to
eat all of the skittles
I need skills right all of the skittles
to be consumed I'm very excited about it
sorry in advance teeth and stomach and
muffin tops okay
there is 120 thousand bucks of skittles
here it is so excited oh my god I died
and went to heaven
now my title is in heaven okay so check
this out it's actually a dog concept so
they take people's bad Christmas gifts
this is the Wall of Fame and you trade
them for skittles look at all let's go
and you got skittles for gifts oh yeah
like ten fifteen packs depending on how
bad the gift is and then these get
donated right I guess it's all for a
good cause I still have I mean I'm in my
element right are you seeing me I'm good
look the highlight of my life I feel
like no one understands me like you do
babe yeah I mean no you come here
I'm gonna say 35 this silly girl stays
in line to meet me I better a hundred
million times
oh you're so sweet honestly she's so
cold man oh no it is really cold I think
I know what we're gonna give some
skittles right over some gals so these
lovelies brought so much stuff to Joni
and they got all of the skittles hurry
what's your name Daniel and Matthew and
they brought so much nothing they got
not 9 boxes 9 but how many packs when
you box 36 whatever the math is comment
below comment below with the math so
good - I find you - thank you so much
take care come on over
I'm making her a tutor and applause
before I try and back in my bed is so
cold there's cheese cures coming in my
eyes and my mascaras mudgin because it
was so sleepy
I'm just gonna copy not even nap maybe
on that for a little bit but I'm mostly
just lying in bed because I'm cold and
girl lavas coming out in two hours so
I'm doing some promo tweets for that
I've been tweeting out with the hashtag
girl love just cool because I tweet
about Mindy she liked my tweet I treated
out to Amy Schumer and she liked my
tweets less dope I'm really excited for
this video to come out and I hope I hope
it actually makes a difference I gotta
say I hope it changes people's minds
like I hope it makes a difference and I
hope girls get positively impacted by it
I just I'm so passionate about this and
I really believe in it so also on a
separate note I had an amazing time with
this girl's pawn shop like it's such a
dope idea gifts you either don't need or
you have too many of or you just you
know wanted to donate they give it to
Goodwill and they give you skittles in
return and it's like dope they give you
like a good amount of skittles like a
generous amount so thank you so much
everyone that came out to meet me dude
it was really cold outside and y'all
waited outside in the cold like that's
some love so thank you so much and like
always I honestly had this conversation
with so many people and it continuously
is a thing it's a continuously a thing
people say to me my fans
it came my fan make a all of you team
super are the best like everyone's are
like dude your fans are so polite and
like team super so well-behaved and
they're just so positive and smiley and
wonderful like yeah even like other
creators message me from time to time
they're just like how do you deal with
you know your fans when they do this or
your you know when they react like this
it was like dude my fans don't get the
best like I talk to so many other
creators and so many event organizers
and they always have like these issues
that I just cannot relate to because I'm
like my fans never say that to me
they're actually really understanding
and amazing so you all are the best I'm
so proud of all of you are the best well
I could mean equality and stuff like
you're the best I'm literally a sloth
makeup is smudged
meeting Oreos in bed but in four minutes
I'm releasing girl love and I'm excited
about a map after again because none of
the sleeve happened last night
oh my god honestly I'm so excited
everyone is like blowing of Twitter
complimenting women using the girl of
hashtag is getting so much support I'm
so happy about this I honestly feel like
I gave birth to a child and this is my
child like I'm so overwhelming the
static join the movement watch the video
let's change the world I am on top of
the world right now I love this and it's
not about me it's not about my channel
it's not about subscribers not about
anything
literally let's just stop girl-on-girl
hey that is all this is about and the
most important part is even if you take
part in you tweet and you Instagram you
do all stuff the most important thing
you can do is when no one is watching so
practice what you preach
in your day to day living girls honestly
I noticed so tempting to feel like you
have to hate other girls and feel like
it be in competition with them and I
mean it happens with us all the time
when I first started making videos
everyone was like stop trying to be
jenna Marbles and now other girls come
up to me saying people think I'm trying
to copy you super when I'm like honestly
the world loves to pin women against
each other don't cave don't fall into
that when no one is watching do the
right thing true character is doing the
right thing when no one is watching stop
hating on each other
stop talking bad what other girls if you
feel like you're about to say just don't
say something positive instead it's that
easy ah it's a happy all things girl
love are going amazing and not us on her
way to my house for dinner Hummels gonna
come as well so I can try to redeem
myself a monopoly deal so many people
are showing support for this it's so
incredible and so amazing look brand
coach Oprah just tweeted about it
everyone is showing so much support is
so wonderful and so awesome I'm so so
thrilled and it's snowing outside
there's a little bit of snow outside so
if it snows a lot maybe I'll flog
outside later and we can make snow
angels
you mean you in you in you in you I'm so
full I can't even breathe
he's gonna I so much good and I'm only
vlogging while people are having a
conversation because food is in my brain
and I can't think properly it's like he
doesn't have a home he's just here da I
walked with monopoly tailed her you know
what it is
hopefully the Malala fund has a school I
can teach this girl how to play Monopoly
deal cuz she doesn't know how to play
there were mashed potatoes in my brain
I'd have a comeback girl oh you see that
we have the credit card
this is nada hey we ordered food I ate
all of it I'm so full oh my god I get
all this no I kind of want to do it
smelling Oh my doors frozen damn it it's
freaking cold
I don't want to do with them I'm living
here you just stay here for the old
ladies and gentlemen it is that time
again okay so I know today's a positive
day full of positive lives and I
shouldn't be doing this but I just
wanted to say that we've played a lot of
Monopoly deal here and I've won four
times and home was only won twice so
he's kind of this little good defeat
right here no I'm just helping her out a
girl of today oh my girl look how his
tones change its phase adjust beer
decide this is beer despairing look at
it look at it it's okay it's okay
can't you can't win them all home both
cooking so humble won the last game
there for making this whole scenario for
three still making me win does a close
one no there's no close is winner
knowing not isn't really know where the
second place if our village we'd this
yeah I would I will say that in the
first game humble even in this yet every
power card like every single one
sometime
this happened I don't depend on them to
window I didn't depend on the games
Thank You hide some in his beard you
hear that sound that's the sound of ice
hitting my doors it is snowing and
freezing rain and my doors frozen in the
front so we just pushed it open for home
look at this car but it's crazy outside
right now we're gonna close the door
blast the heater and pretend we're in
Hawaii unless we're gonna do right now
wow yeah it's boom bum and list wha boom
bum oh man it is so hole cold I got my
heater going on right here and I am
uploading a vlog to make sure that I'm
keeping on track of my vlogs so that's
coming out it says it's gonna take 40
minutes to upload I know why the
Internet's acting weird
maybe the wife ice frozen sort of thing
hmm
okay date and was boom eyes look like a
weird color I kind of look like Pooh
Brown the time my eyes were pool brown
the time my eyes were poo I'm going to
watch some American Horror Story season
can I finish these in once I'm going to
watch season 2 it is bro and then I'm
gonna go to sleep it is around 12:30
tomorrow I have no deadlines so I can
like leisurely work all day which I'm
very excited about because I have a
bunch of emails to send and work excites
me I don't know I just it totally bring
it excites me okay it's that time where
I'm like acting weird and stuff look I
suck I am going to go to sleep no I'm
not I didn't say that I am going to go
watch American Horror Story
while this vlog uploads then i'ma
release it but I'm gonna end this vlog
here thanks so much for joining me on a
date thank you so much for showing girl
of all the support slowly I can feel my
hair tie coming out so um thank you so
much for all the love and support I
really really appreciate it in tomorrow
I'm gonna push it all that much more so
we're in this together
hey if you like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe I don't like that subscribe
based on like me doing videos me doing
school talks with me doing whatever
being a girl myself I see what a role
girl-on-girl hate plays even when my
friends talk about stuff like I always
tell me about girls at work that like
are so mean to them or etc and so I
decide to make a video collecting video
messages from some of the most
influential influential women I know
