good mud so I have logged in like two
three days cause I was trying to recover
from my sickness and I feel like I'm
finally better with exceptional my
throat being a little bit dry my nose is
not runny I feel better and we're back
on this thing so I've had two days of
relaxation where I watched movies slept
in taking naps it's been great Pinal
McGill I'm ready to get back to work
because yo we gotta finish this euro
strong so I have one more clap to do I'm
heading to apartment
Luna I'm heading to an appointment right
now after that I'm coming home
I think humble is coming over I have a
work session it's been a minute and I'm
working on my last clap which I'll tell
you a little bit about I'm really
excited about it though first time I
need some Eggos head disappointment
never gonna come back
NASA does result right now this was a
Reuter yo I'm headed home as you can see
no makeup again I look you know I look
great I'm given f I haven't told my car
as you can see I'm still driving my car
because my parents have been able to
sell it unless I'm here because under my
name so I think it's gonna get sold the
next time I come back yeah I'm headed
home now and the light is green so bye
my hair is kind of crazy today
um that's okay back home now I'm about
to get into work mode
getting to work with his lolis family's
coming to visit getting into work mode
and humbles on his way over so
productivity no nap zone here we go
what up I'm about to do my makeup and
like kind of out of foundation so I
don't know how it's gonna happen and
figure it out humbles down stirs working
I've been working for the past few hours
on this last clap which is I can talk to
you guys about a little bit so I
wouldn't stop saying you guys I'm going
to talk to you all about it in a little
while but it's like a sentimental clap
it's not funny it's very different what
I usually do but it's something really
close to my heart so I'll tell you about
it in a bit but right now I'm going to
glue a make up and cover this mustache
in
somehow I managed to do it you're back
ladies or men that wear makeup either
way do you ever like be so close to
finishing a foundation every time you do
that you all gotta buy foundations well
you are God by foundation but somehow I
really you managed to squeeze a little
bit up to to last another day that's me
every single day I could not last
another day but am I gonna buy
fibrinogen no no I'm just gonna wait
until my cut and open the thing
trying to like squeeze every last bit up
I'm gonna record my bit of this video um
but first look who's here
I jumped over something no way you did
your makeup for the blog I did for the
video I'm buttery
oh they didn't mean okay I look like
under crap with a ROM who comes on
actually not crap I'm gorgeous the way I
am I'm gorgeous I am you're right no
makeup that's right
amazing what are you working on I am
writing down every single song I have
not released over the couple of years
seems like a pretty long look like a lot
so a lot of musics gonna be coming up
have a lot of done a lot started and a
lot more than the conceived not to write
them down
have you been productive as you've been
here truly productive I edited a video I
released a video paid all my bills
basically the month that I haven't been
here's been more productive in this
cloud I ain't kidding this is this is
the most I can honestly admit I miss
working with you I get more done with
you around
there you have it live here ladies
gentlemen you heard him say I'm better
than him I'm Mario Kart monopoly job I
just came out of his mouth that's what's
up almost shoot this video right no no
so let me tell you about this video idea
it is very unlike things I've done in
the past but it's basically a video
called girl love it's this movement
slash video campaign I'm trying to start
it's against girl-on-girl hey and this
doesn't look really passionate about I'm
just like I'm like about this this like
I'm about this so I guess based on like
me doing videos of me doing school talks
and me doing whatever being a girl
myself I see what a role girl-on-girl
hate plays even when my friends talk
about stuff like always tell me about
girls at work that like are so mean to
them or etc and so I decide to make a
video collecting video messages from
some of the most influential influential
women I know a lot of them being my
Creator friends like Colleen and like
candy and like Lindsey Stirling it's
basically a compilation compilation
saying compilation compilation of that's
popcorn in the background of video
messages speaking up against
girl-on-girl hate and starting this
movement to make it cool to compliment
other women because for some reason we
seem to think it's cool to hate on other
women because like reality TV and drama
and that's all women are but I want to
get cool like it's a cool thing to do to
compliment other women so I'm showing
this hashtag all girl up encouraging
people to complement and support other
women and to add to that I am also
donating all the money that the video
makes to the Malala fund which I've done
some research on it helps girls around
the world go to school so I'm really
excited about it it's not funny but it's
something I believe in I think it'll be
really cool and I've decided to make an
annual thing so cool I'm excited but can
you be a noun I like complimenting girls
unfortunately you can't be in it um
because you're not a girl and because
your beard sucks no yeah oh very losin
Harry to me haha I've been a lot of
tweets recently of people telling me the
humbles beard is nicer than my hair I
can't help but think has something to do
with you do you think it feels like
sandpaper yes I got the confirmation
that's what one can of coke one bag of
popcorn to oranges later I'm finished
the first edit is ten eleven of the girl
love video I really like it is six
minutes and thirty seconds which is a
little bit long for like a social type
of video but I really like it it's
hitting me in the fields but I'm gonna
let humble watch it get some feedback
and I'll be like sync is like I worked
really hard on it
Zomba watched it what do you think
really really really really good excited
for it to come out tomorrow and excited
to see this moving girl yeah and he
would be honest like if some part sucked
I think he would tell me man was really
good so you said six minutes doesn't go
like woah that's gonna be so long but
yes is it a really good job keeping
interesting you put a lot of effort into
this guy's yay and we have pizza okay
humble and I have discovered that well I
don't know why I'm like literally always
hungry like all the time
I could eat something I'll be hungry
after it's the worst I'm
I'm also hungry Pizza it's a round about
the spoon unless you're gonna answer
Edmund incidentally a pizza and work
break is going down not the deals going
down I'm gonna put a word I don't you
incorporate doesn't work right now
nice work that hard it attempts to be
peace which is enjoy you my job this to
beat her everything there is worth me
here except for all the stuff that he
can't I'm so hopeful but Pluto's boom
we're having a very civil game Game one
i won correct
mmm-hmm okay I want no use of a deal
breaker or anything I won fair and
square
proceed to get your number two as things
are easy to get less civil I see Chris
right now both like biding our time
second game I won Billy
so what's the difference in winning and
barely winning still winning
once again didn't use a deal-breaker
wasn't once again just putting that out
there so we're doing best in five third
game humble just one it's not two for me
one for humble he was celebrating what
do you want I just want to grab the fact
that once I started doing my game got
there he actually dealt the last round
as well I think he forgot the one I won
yes
and he used deal-breaker minor detail
though it's fine the point does he won
with the deal-breaker I've won twice
invalid these are just facts these are
just I'm just I'm just providing you
with the facts that's all it's humble
one again knows to to so if you're not
familiar with mom not we do right at
begin you I Virginia to pick up two
cards we've played this a bazillion
times this guy still doesn't remember to
pick up to like remind him every turn
look do I pick up to the wake up to like
he's so stupid
look how no alive use compared to the
previous cuz I'll just stop right now
rewind when he was losing he's bad like
we're a real incur but there's not a
good fit look at it safe this is this is
this is it these are his wins in life we
didn't have idea I'm up in here all I
don't move I'm a bigot
bringing a billion views he's being
hopefully not even to to so humbles
about to win I don't have any cards yeah
had both look know anything was game
these these are basically like there's
two in the deck and they destroy
people's set so he always claims that I
need them to win I have been only do
this seven heaven need one get to it but
he got both of them there's only two who
deals a card with other course how we do
it this time
is there a hold up do you really knew
about this you can't beat me without
this I can you can't discipline em is it
fact that so fast so he beat me three
games with two teal breakers he won best
in a five still maintained you can't
beat me with a deal breaker and I can
beat him with that one so I'm at the
it's like it's is that not bad no well I
suppose she's willing to nothing was
intense
I was basically and then he won three
times a row who are the deal breakers
and I beat him twice without so no no I
didn't both my wins no deal-breaker
haven't you ever loved him
I just unless you had a you want to
check the box I did you back haha
freakin killed Rick laughing good yeah
when that guy beats me
haha but he's gone home not is too am
I'm just uploading a vlog Christmas vlog
that means we're back up to date with
vlog this makes me happy I sorry I keep
falling behind it's just my sickness is
really throwing that no excuses actually
I've been enjoying some time off as well
so but now we're caught up tomorrow it's
2:20 a.m. tomorrow I actually have to
wake up by like 7:30 a.m.
so five hours of sleep tomorrow I'm
going to the skittles pawn shop which
I'm very excited about I basically have
a partnership of skittles where they
have this such a good idea they
basically are trading and you have the
opportunity to trade in bad Christmas
gifts at Christmas gives you in like
four skittles and then it's it's all for
like a good cause and it's just so cool
so obviously you know would be involved
in that so I'm going to disclose
pawnshop I have an hour and half
meet-and-greet
so I'm thrilled about that that's what's
happening but I'm not thrilled about the
five hours of slump
I'm gonna head to bed and now tomorrow
is also girl update where I'm releasing
my club please take part participate
something I'm really passionate about
post something on Twitter Instagram
Facebook with a hashtag girl
menteng another woman um dude let's
change the world let's do it let's just
do it let's just do it hope you had a
great day thank you for joining me on
another day if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe oh my god I'm so
excited for girl of tomorrow if you like
it subscribe oh my god your kids are so
smart they're so swell my god
