Oh homie no you know you know what's
gonna I woke up like this
good morning good afternoon good evening
welcome back to loosing Bluffs thank you
for including this vlog in your very
busy day where you could be doing a
billion other thing productivity is
gonna live here today because my to-do
list state is crazy or right off the bat
I just want to say today God let me be
help me be give me the power to be the
best version of myself where we learn
lessons we better ourselves and we
improve the lives of people around us
that is what life is all about that is
my purpose today it is to acknowledge my
weaknesses acknowledge my strengths and
make them live in harmony as I try to be
the best version of myself are you ready
to do this just do it yeah here is the
mission for today I have even here
makeup done I'm heading to my CK slash
girl love pop-up shop in here make a bet
again going to the AMAs introducing
Shawn Mendes coming home writing and
recording a ranked Angela see guys a lot
of goddamn things with positive energy
I'm my CK swag missing one important
thing my girl love pin BAM that's dope
oh it's like the good kind of embroidery
to not even like the whack time Cavan
guys right alright well my pop-up shop
right now folks that have seen for the
first time check it out
this idea here is that fun coming right
messages girl love messages here you can
stick it on the Carlisle wall the
backdrop everyday also my sister Carly's
here as you can see as in question yes
noticed a biological mother also same
body types everything
we've been waiting outside downstairs
and I went to them and you come all hype
up and nobody is waiting for
once she sees her fall board just that
beautiful mind I'm sugar boy she said
Nepal we have a lot of fans and a ball
the official show all events in the fall
team super Nepal I appreciate you too
can we do this one day what you think we
proud of it I'm like crying but why do
you quiet you're not proud of me I'm so
proud for you you always got me one of
my double chin AK yeah six - that was so
awesome meeting so many of you will
start fresh you haven't had a meeting
great for like a minute so I like held
everyone really really long when I have
them like good good energy now right
back to my house to change my makeup
because I went to the AMAs
so this is the vibe I got mr. beautiful
outfit you can look at this part because
I sit down a fluffy but there's a flower
a flower and it's got this oh hold on
hold on definitely more of a statement
or risky than anything on that I
probably owe number 7 it's way more like
use this clutch
okay so we got collected over two of
uselessness okay I get it it's dope a
little bit of her vibes not her own
sister like our icon I love I'm holding
an empty like they should calm it down
dramatically
Miami what are we here
he's only 19 years old and already a
huge star he's also a fellow Canadian
and a nominee tonight here to perform
his massive hit there's nothing holding
me back everybody on your feet for size
we just right over there I'm gonna try
to get pics with them because like they
don't myself it's gonna go missus next
time so also Rachel seems to rose behind
it was like we're like meant to be must
be married I think I'm working on Beach
I call this person my friend
my tolerance
okay so when BTS anywhere in front of me
I do not use opportunity for them or
meet them but where is the problem and
we're still on the mission mission is
all right to me
we are solid like eight out of 10 pain
right now but we got a mission you're
talking that my feet are broken they're
like no my feet es superfan right here
behind the scenes at the BTS reaches of
the BTS I should follow their heads who
tried to vlog up it was like so quick I
tried to a picture and they were
actually really nice and cool too like
yeah there are security said they were
like no no pictures no but I got to meet
them they're so lovely smiley and happy
and just jolly beetle and damn well them
but stop one multiple alarm at fine and
I was like whatever language I need to
learn let a sister know right now
because like the obviously communication
barrier but I mean yes okay another
picture of the picture always wears is
BAM
I can't do it I can't do it for dramatic
effect let's rewind and slow down those
millisecond that you saw me repeat yes
okay so Diana Ross just walk fight him
like Queen good guy image you looked
every two pounds they keep track sponsor
data off the fangirling we will never
die I don't care how big our favorite I
guess I wonder forever be excited by
these things let me have written golf
cart in the car because Matthew and
bracha car I want everyone to see that
Lily is walking right now with no shoes
holding a whole pile of Internet what a
lovely show and now it's time to record
a read so cringe like trying to get a
picture with BTSs I'm like oh my god am
I gonna be more than made reasons I mean
yes another fan I'm not like immediately
don't know everything about them but I
know y'all were so excited for us to
meet so I met I'm starting to get a
picture
I honestly one with my fans they just
really want this it was really cool form
they absolutely kill all the
performances we're so good the award was
just so so so so so good finish the rack
give me the points I also forgot to be
sudden which means The Walking Dead I am
officially done I work for the night
actually don't have to have send one
email other than that like my hot tub
for a little bit watch The Walking Dead
well bless up my hot tub oh my god that
was so goddamn needed beforehand this
vlog I have to tell you something I
didn't mention earlier because the day
was so rush rush but I can't express to
you I mean this is a part of my heart
y'all know for the past couple days I've
been going through like an emotional
roller coaster I can't express to you
how much meeting some of you meant to me
today I'm a meeting Green I'm not just
saying this it's been a while since I've
had a meet-and-greet and so it was like
a breath of fresh air for me and I just
like didn't want to stop hugging you
like I got such a genuine hugs and it
really gave me the rejuvenation I needed
and actually while I was meeting so many
of you so many of you were saying
concerned things with Lily like please
take care of yourself we care much so
much and I don't be sad hold on my neck
but I like had a lot of realizations
during that meet and greet while I was
talking to all of you I was like wow but
I have so much to be grateful for and
you all are so sweet hey what would be
real real real maybe we're not friends
because like I don't know you personally
you don't know everything about me in
that sense but we are friends in the
sense that like you may
me feel better and so thank you for that
and it was so needed and so lovely to
meet you all thank you for coming and it
was an incredible day a very long day so
I'm gonna watch them walk and and go to
bed let's see how he did today
so I talked with Lilly channels really
sing Abu is gonna be do this little
sneak peek oh boo boo that filth into
your body
um your doughnuts like everyday okay
that was before I started working up
hello
yeah your body's a temple just sayin he
has another brand new video to Buse
calleb you laugh because after this on
Thursday November 23rd I did you read of
your first 12 clouds of Christmas
officially start I'm so excited so until
then if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe also can I just say
the blessing that is Rachel Platten I
don't care how often I talk about where
she was at the award show I'm here three
times over the past two weeks I'm like
I've seen you more than I see most of my
friends and I love she's just so dope we
get along so well
I frickin adore her go buy her album and
support her she's so goddamned Oh
