Merry Christmas so I am back home my
home off for two days because I've been
sick but it's okay because I'm behind on
vlog so I was gonna officially catch me
up I'm a little bit sick but I am home
for the holidays it is Christmas morning
every Christmas morning we have a big
family Christmas breakfast
it was also Nana's birthday if you're no
Nutter is he's my grandfather I used to
make so many videos with him and he
passed away a few years ago and is his
birthday today so it's very special for
so many reasons
but we're about to go downstairs open
some presents because Santa left some
presents my nephew's are here and could
be a good day I mean lots of food lots
of eating at Christmas
Yaga boogies in my know Jojo hope Santa
bought me fix this is our Christmas tree
and when you have kids in the house you
get a lot of these inflatable thingies
did Santa come how do you know whoa and
you decide to come santa came oh man
Santa and the reindeer eat the carrots
too good job
that means you're a good boy all right
it's open these presents through my
sister what is all done it's a small so
vlogging it's a blog doesn't know
shouldn't release them yet though so you
know comment below and let me know my
sister she really so long yeah and if
you say shut up pick up your day job
it's fine I can say four days I was
being a mother so she gonna keep that
girl I'm gonna get you
yeah that's true her blog now is much
more advanced than mine right now but
you can't see yourself as soon as the
problem is a pump see I could use my
phone too but my phone is coming are you
seeing like what just like you know I
don't even do that cuz then if I have to
zoom it in mine but it she's like
Nicholas I have indeed like got a memo
for it and I like I said I'm Rudolph but
my nose in the wrong way are you a good
girl for Christmas I'm a good girl for
Christmas and I asked presenter one
thing I said for one thing but happiness
happiness or calm down no gauge my name
is Masada classy material
whoa whoa whoa must be nice to light
your ax
Santa's a kid you're a nice boy my mom
always gets my best gift she got me a
frozen blanket you know okay you like it
frozen good words wise word look at the
duck Beach oh yeah thank you all right I
got a photo blanket which will match my
accent well which I'm very happy okay
I'll show you I can open them properly
first first daddy could be first Oh
Jonah pose
what are you looking for dinner a score
see if we got a blue good deal oh my god
you're aa go beer you can do the most
spoiled in the world
oh we're lucky
oh my god your kids are so smart they're
so spoiled my god so I unfortunately
have time to buy to when people gifts
this Christmas tree I feel bad about but
I think I'm gonna buy my mom like
tickets to a musical about my sister
tickets to Adele which what about my dad
a bottle of Blue Label like a limited
edition bottle blue label so he's very
happy about that
oh I lost so many cool gifts let me show
you what I got stuff for my house like
Africa onions and peppers I have nowhere
to put them so it's like a holder my
onions and peppers were very excited
about um this is kind of a cool thing so
years and years ago before I even moved
out I bought these coasters because I
saw them at a store and I was like when
I have my own place one day when you use
these coasters I lost them mom found
them so they're like coasters that say
like when life gives you lemon grab
tequila it's like these really cool
color so the glowing in my place I had a
whole bunch of de coeur stuff for my
place like true mom and mom bought me
vitamin C because shouldn't go is sick
she also bought me marble night soup my
mom always liked the nights it every
year he liked my marvel night soup which
I'm very excited about and she got me
these cool show me a family picture as
well and she taught me these cool things
there like draw me a peace sign and add
sign and they just like these
smiley things to put my place very happy
about it all from very very happy
borough and my sister's ordered me a
gift and she said it's gonna come in a
few days and she got me half a pound
lose this Buttercup Christmas well so we
got our big breakfast prep going on my
mom is making potato pancakes and first
time killing the gift
well I'm not sure really good cook so
she's killing the game right now
go ahead I suggest making some eggs got
pancakes when I got down you got this
thing going on I'll show you when it's
all that it's gonna be soon
You Know Who I took me essential fatty
kills the boogers in my nose and then
they have bows and arrows like be like
and then the medicine runs on Hunger
Games I'm an adult
mom hi Merry Christmas
make its mr. YouTube Oh Christmas is one
of the boys okay yeah Santa Claus is
coming you gotta be on the club like up
so so I can't even breathe JK I can
totally no thank you
and you and I will no pipe some
strawberries egg scrambled eggs with
toast with potato pancakes with an eggo
waffle for the pancake with strawberries
that Fitness life though hashtag it's a
lifestyle if any good guy if you had to
commit to this lifestyle that I got
going on here oh man oh man good
Christmas breakfast um it is 10:30 I'm
doing a little bit of a nap because I
took some medicines I'm hoping it'll
kick in I don't feel like deathly sick
but like I was a little bit congested
and stuff but my cousin's the new
package for me
uh-huh my cousins are gonna come over
when I have Christmas dinner as well so
stay tuned because it's maybe me will
missing you me me me please me to you
all right time for a nap okay so I just
open this package and I think I know
what this is I think it is it is it is
finally finally our Streamy award dope I
could take it back to my new place
Streamy Awards super won first person
channel series or show
good morning again sort of several hours
later look what what is what is even it
is several hours later I'm feeling a
little bit better I took a shower put on
my sweater I'm gonna head downstairs my
cousins are over but it's like way later
I slept a long time so no excuses here
we go so my nephew was washing his new
car with the Kleenex washing car yeah
nice Wow all right so it's my job to set
the table and this I just in this whole
vlog it look like I bought and right
over by a nice rhinoceros but I'm okay
with that
no why cuz I let myself and I'm fine I'm
penny that I am um it's my job to set
the table so I'm setting it right now
put the knives down it's gonna be pretty
I'm gonna try to make it pretty
as makeup Rudy we still got one more
dish coming in there my mom made me
meatless curry which is my favorite
meatless chicken curry that's my
favorite chicken curry but she makes it
meatless and it really happy about it
any salt is my friend ma Mystere amazing
salad is amazing salad well pretty much
yeah my mom has a salad that she makes
and she is self-titled it amazing salad
that's right old yo the time is 1:00
a.m. I keep falling in and out of sleep
everywhere today because I'm sick uh-huh
but the plan is to go to bed wake up
tomorrow and not be sick because now
Christmas is over and I need to get some
work done so hopefully that's what
happens but I hope you had a great
Christmas and I pull some blog smell so
yeah if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe and he's such a
sweetheart let me tell you story real
quick I'll supposed to soothe him
yesterday got sick unlike New Jersey
please do do wrong so sorry he was so
sweet and accommodating and wonderful
and I'll talk about him after he's not
here but while he's here I want to say
all the nice things about him because he
was so awesome I'm not that awesome
