good morning there strangers in my house
again look who's here not strangers okay
actually this person I know I was saying
that so many days I filled with people
have no idea who they are but him I know
him hey and he's such a sweetheart let
me tell you story real quick I'll
supposed to do with him yesterday got
sick I like news release you tomorrow so
sorry he was so sweet and accommodating
and wonderful and I'll talk about him
after when he's not here but well you
see I'm gonna say all the nice things
about him because he was so awesome I'm
not that awesome
he's also and he brought all this stuff
with like production and all this stuff
happiness
he's so pretty just Christmas trees he's
mad man it's so agent just crazy if he
was here on the dot right yeah weird you
woke up on the dog and and this is gonna
come out tomorrow so you know but the
reason I want to postpone is because it
was just like a challenge whatever what
I'm like yeah whatever I'm sick it's
okay but come but this match but gonna
be dance so as you can see I'm still
sounding sick but like I don't want to
be too sick I'm feeling a lot better
today so hopefully I can dance and dance
nice with this dude like I'm gonna have
an anxiety attack like I can't I can't
I'm sweating I'm so out of shape but
this is behind the scenes of a d-trix
video he's killing it oh I've never a
cloud with anyone I think that's been
this prepared in my entire life
and now I feel like I'm always I'm
prepared and people are told me I'm
super prepared but now I've met him and
I'm like well this is what prepared
looks like okay
d-trix i just yakked Lily's camera and
this message is for actually Lily I
think I honestly I believe you're not
talented at all
I really really do hate you I think
you're not attractive at all I think
you're stupid I think you're dumb I
don't think you're a good youtuber I
think you're a good person you're never
going to be a unicorn and overall you're
just a piece of junk if things were
opposite that is stupid
yeah I truly mean that's that's if all
men are liars I guess I don't know that
you're apply watching this right now
Lily and you're like this is stupid is
now I'm going to make the video but you
know how I feel about you you're awesome
you know that and yeah I don't know why
I'm still rolling this don't you hate it
when there's like long periods of time
like of gaps between one thing and the
next thing
you mean like that Oh finished shooting
my legs kill like kill and I felt so
back is like I haven't danced in so long
it's like I'm messing up and you so
patient and I hope I did as good as he
wanted me to do but he's so dope and he
was so prepared not so impressed but
more on that my cousins are here
flawless arts treat the cousin doesn't
make up she's here visiting so they're
here for the day so I'm gonna show with
them little guy give me give me
and I took him to the Grove and it's
very pretty this is the girl was like an
outdoor mall in LA and it's so dope
because like where we come from there's
snow and you can't do things like it
sounds very cool to see this
on me
it's pink
spontaneous plans who decided we're
gonna watch a movie which I'm very happy
because I love watching movies and my
bro-in-law also likes watching movies
she kind of falls asleep but we're gonna
deal with it we're gonna deal with it
oon watch sisters I'm very excited
because I've been brainwashed to watch
sisters because outside of my house you
guys can see but there's been a
billboard for sisters right outside my
bedroom for the past like month I see it
every single day
I just got switched I've been
brainwashed to want to see this movie so
like out god damn it I keep doing this
thing where I'm forgetting to end my
vlogs because I'm so exhausted when I go
to sleep um movie was great had a lot of
really funny moments and it I had a
great time and so nice just like do
something leisure with like people I
love it was great so tomorrow night
I'm flying back home to Toronto for the
holiday so I'll be there for like how
much time is that a week a little bit
more than weeks that's an exciting
I'm also releasing a collab with d-trix
tomorrow my last clap did really well a
lot of you really liked it um some
people hated it but a lot of people
really like this that makes me happy and
I'm collabing I'm Lisa MacLeod but
Dietrich's tomorrow I got a bunch of
works for tomorrow and I got a pack a
few things not too much stuff and head
back to Toronto Twilight was all
exciting stuff I haven't started my
Christmas shopping and it is now past
twelve it's the 23rd why I think I have
oh I'm gonna bed for now um my legs are
broken
okay let's talk about Beatrix I was so
impressed with him he came so freakin
prepared with his team's all these props
at the whole place that it all mapped
out and I was just like so impressed
he's so talented
my body is absolutely broken but like
worth it because like I wanted to just
as John's idea and I I wasn't the best
dancer but I was like y'all want to try
so hard for you guys so hope you like it
um it's also coming out tomorrow so
that's what's happening I'm not gonna
babe if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe it's a handsome oh my
god oh you're way too good-looking to be
the same frame as men's right I don't
allow people harder than me to be
desirable
is Chris no and both of these people
aren't kind of like strangers to me but
now they're my house
