good morning my sweet love muffins it is
Saturday and today I have half a work
day and half of like a personal work day
where I just realized I haven't even
started my Christmas shopping yet and
I've so many things to do in that
respect so what we're going to do first
is we're going to I got someone coming
over because we want to hire someone to
put up these frames because I'm not
going to do it myself and I'm writing
someone over because I don't want a
random stranger to possibly kill me in
my home so I want to get this Drake
picture put up there I also have a
yellow mirror I won't put up and then
last night I was googling stuff isn't
this so dope so have a blank space here
and I was thinking about putting a
picture but then Google was like nah nah
nah so I'm deciding to put like you have
these decals like stickers but they
don't ruin the wall and they easily come
off like a Bob Marley quote because come
on how me is that so that's what I'm
thinking that's what's going on and then
I might get some stuff for my place that
I still need like a lamp for the second
bedroom etc etc and I'll boxes full of
sweaters here that I got to give people
as gifts and then um it's a pretty much
work that also look at my shirt tricks
in bra they sent me a whole box of stuff
huge shoutouts to them I forgetten love
all the stuff they sent me they sent me
this one floral sweatshirt and I was
like was the nicest wet shirt I have
right now so shout outs to them trixin
go check them out
they sent me all this stuff and not only
did they send me clothes they sent me
popcorn um mac and cheese all this stuff
being like welcoming gift tell they hope
this helps your nose like oh I love you
so thank you so much oh my god I am too
excited about my life right now I just
bought a bazillion decals basically let
me show you this it's so freaking
basically I got one for the guest
bedroom got one for two for the main
area and one for my room so the one I
got for the guest room isn't this so
cool I think it's so cool I think this
is really cool it's this it's the
definition of relaxed and I'm going to
put it over the bed it's gonna be a
black and then I got the same thing
defining endurance and it's gonna go
here leading to the office I would like
to point out since moving I've been
wearing come on here come on come I've
been wearing wear more of my
I've been wearing way more of my clothes
because I can access them now so just
pulling that into the universe
I look good it is the first time river
collabing this is a psycho excite I'm
excited this is like an honor promo
channel and I just learned how to
properly pronounce his name yeah Nicola
it is Nicole you have to come check this
out so studious sent me this you know
old school toy thingy but look through
it look through it it's my videos holy
crap holy yeah finding good shots of my
videos it's so freakin cool to me thank
you so much collective as anyone yeah
help you haul these from collective oh
it's so cool I love
yes of course this whole process is
giving me major anxiety right now there
you go me knickers watching this process
right now and I'm stressed I'm stressed
I'm like really I have anxiety I'm just
like alright so I finished shooting with
Nick and the sickness is coming and
strong I can feel it I can feel it I'm
gonna get shower and then I'm gonna
drink some soup the good news is our
buddy Drake is there and also we got a
mirror over here to make sure we look on
point we leave these are the
developments uh-huh
let's let's talk about how I'm losing my
mind so I'm in the shower
putting shampoo in my hair I'm putting
so much shampoo my yo what's up with the
shampoo while I was not lathering so
much shampoo I use a whole bottom - what
the hell I looked down am using
conditioner that's all that's all I just
washed my everything - sure and I was
like debit that I used shampoo after
then like am i washing the conditioner
out now I'm at like taking steps
backwards that I'm doing enough remedy
let go I can't get sick it's not an
option
here we go mMmmm
persevering um and preparing for
tomorrow's Club I feel a little bit
better kind of not really I just have a
thing my throat I'm having body eggs and
I'm feeling kinda just like not 100% but
I'm working on my stuff um a lot of
exciting things going on and I thought I
tell you guys a little bit of
information so I don't think you have
ever maybe seen me and I've been you've
seen a lot of different sides to me but
there's a sign I get into when I'm
really into music sometimes I'll do it
on a dance floor if I really don't care
no if I have a drink or two on me and I
really don't care I'll do it in the
mobile Club and lower down so I was
close my eyes ignore everyone and just
like not care about looking good while I
dance just really feeling music and I do
that with my hair so like if I'm
listening to a song I will really let my
hair just like go absolutely crazy I can
example example
like a rocker that I had to say so I
showed you where your where's Ben no Ben
was gone home
inside an Ikea good morning you might be
wondering your what truck ran over your
face and took a dump on your eyelids the
truck took a dump on my eyelids what's
Eagle pecked at your nose like why do
you look like death I woke up sick and
as a baby because last night I was
feeling sick but I took some medicine
I still got up I'm still functioning cuz
I'm like yo I'm I trying to stay in bed
all day I need to be up and like take it
easy but still like be functioning and
stuff so I've been a little bit better
than I was this morning I did come to
Ikea to grab some stuff that I needed
shoe rack garbage lamp little table for
my printer etc etc and then I'm heading
back home we're shooting a big collab
today what half the people I've never
met before and half I have it's gonna be
really exciting and I want to make sure
I'm super prepared for that so that's
what's happening today son and we'll
pretend it we're not sick kind of feel
like death kind of surviving it's a mix
of both I got this package that I'm very
excited about because I know what it is
so when candy came over she was wearing
these pants and I was like where'd you
get these pants they say happiness on
when I was like this is so me where to
get these packs so she connected me with
the company they're called happiness and
they sent me a bunch of stuff and I'm
freaking over the moon about this right
now let me show you our dope these pants
work okay let me show you this ish so
they have these pants leopard pants is
it happiness on them but they have
kangaroo pouches so like it's a pocket
like that these pants is so me I got
black ones and the happiness isn't like
all bedazzled
I got purple ones I got pants is a
smiley face on the crotch how mean look
at this this is probably my favorite
thing it's an oversized sweater it says
don't settle on the front and it's all
like distressed and stuff and I Steve
Jobs on the back I don't settle how many
is that
shoutout CEO I change my clothes now
every once in a while his dope also I'm
so sick do I look sick now I look
alright right
somebody help me no shoot collab you
know what I'm gonna have something to
eat that'll help me and then the food
particles will fight girly buddies in my
body and the viruses in my body and then
they'll say stop that you're stop making
Lilly sick
okay I'm Society ah that's what I'm
predicting is gonna happen so I told you
I'm gonna interrupt your vlog no sir
so I'm gonna clap too and all but really
fun people were still waiting on someone
but look who I'm shooting with it's Sam
he's not handsome oh my god oh you're
way too good-looking to be the same
frame as men's right I don't allow
people harder than me to be the same
members of you and Chris don't and both
of these people aren't kind of like
strangers to me but now they're my house
um Casey oh my god also strangers might
be serial killers might be dead I don't
know yeah oh okay so you'll also
stranger can you Cassie yeah see that's
where the confusion was I see yeah see
Casey I'm not gonna get that right
there's no way I'll get that right
this is dude
it's like a very random Christmas party
full of people you would never suspect
you what is up team super Lily just left
we filmed an awesome collab with her
really Whitley my deal we're taking over
the bone cause you won't notice I know
she put up the Christmas lights for the
collabs on one don't look at that middle
part that was broken oops maybe we'll
just lock her out yeah I think so we'll
have a little Christmas party something
in the comments yeah I'm gonna say in
the a line from their favorite Christmas
Carol yeah she won't know what yeah you
know what thank you right do it one like
oh what fun it is to ride or you know
something along that line all right what
are you guys in favor she'll never see
it coming grandma got run ever yo so
everybody left um my sickness is coming
back strong every morning and night you
know when you're sick every morning at
night it's like the worst I booked
myself a massage because the body's
killing and so I'm gonna work hard
finish this video then relax the massage
take care going out taking care of
myself and working hard so that's
happening it hurts to talk so yuh
I just want my throat to stop hurting
that would be great I didn't record the
rest of my video the rant stuff because
I decided I'm going to edit the things I
shot today because I still got added a
lot of that's good stuff and tomorrow I
am shooting with someone and I'm gonna
do my makeup full for that anyway so I'm
gonna shoot just the rest up in the
morning then I can insert that quickly
and release it and I'll still release
the clap tomorrow I think it's just best
for me right now to make a responsible
decision get a massage then just edit
that not too strenuous on me and then go
to see these are my goals to get a
massage eat Lucky Charms clean this go
to sleep not be sick now so go hat
because the tomorrow's video you don't
know who's with you and what we're doing
but I need energy for it I need energy
for it also look what I got um so
overdue but I only ordered it recently
because I didn't have a logo back in the
day but hundred thousand subs for
superwoman vlogs uh I had it sent to
Kings house because um and have an
address here yet so congrats to 100,000
subs ooh boom lags deal what's up what's
up the Milly
should be coming soon hopefully brah I
keep forgetting to end this damn blog yo
my bad I just jumped in bed um I didn't
edit or anything I just got massaged
took some medicine going to bed with my
unicorn and I'm going to wake up
tomorrow and get stuff done I keep
drawing my mother J she was great I got
to collab with people sort of people
remember perform at them the first time
so that was fun
and um I'm gonna sleep so tomorrow is
another day because we live on the earth
and then we move around the Sun so that
happens if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
get down here
