3 p.m. that seems like a good time to
wake up a good morning good afternoon
whatever the the she's knitted is uh I
septum because I slept really late I
couldn't fall asleep and I watched a few
episodes of American Horror Story season
2 season 2 by the way is so freaking
good like I'm literally like talking to
myself out loud like diam did oh my god
it's like so good that's like my kind of
break American Horror Story it's not
like my break and kind of like turning
my brain off now to watch some stuff
it's good that in communitychannel not
only try and like I'm obsessed okay
today is December 30th tomorrow is New
Year's Eve and I'm in that situation
that I'm in every single year where I
don't know what I'm doing tomorrow I'm
gonna end up doing nothing
I'm search through cyber Gers in my I
have no idea what I'm doing Chase has no
idea what he's doing no she has no idea
what she's doing all my friends just
like have no idea what they're doing but
it's gonna end up being that we don't do
anything happens every single year I'm
okay with that I'm down to just like sit
together a popcorn possibly a coke you
know what I mean just Cheers New Year's
it's all about who you with at the end
of the I'm trying to way north and I'm
trying to wear no heels I'm trying to
wear no crop top I try to wear no skirt
and no snow I'm trying to run those
fangs I'm trying to wear track pants a
sweater
popcorn coca-cola some scatter that's
what I want to do but we'll see what
happens today I'm doing some work like
every other day and I'm trying to
convince a knows well ever convinced
because my friends but we're gonna hang
together today and I want to go see joy
so joy came out on Christmas a Jennifer
Lawrence's new movie the trailer gives
me chills
I can already foresee that she's gonna
be an absolute bow in it especially that
line when she's like oh my god in the
line in the trailer just gives me
absolute goosebumps which is like don't
ever speak on my behalf about my
business again or something like that it
was like so good I feel like I'm gonna
learn so many things from her and that's
what I want to do today that although
constru back includes this clip I need
some tea do so I am about to edit my
vlog okay check this out so yeah last
night
working on this it was like I'm kind of
proud of it I'm deciding to up my tumblr
game in 2016 because I really like
writing and I like writing blog posts
and stuff like that so I have revamped
my website you can actually go to Lilly
Singh Kham now official website Lilly
Singh Kham Li ll y si ng H and I'll take
you to a page that looks like this and
it has all my stuff and it's just like a
collection of like feel-good things and
the best part is are you ready are you
ready are you ready I'm really proud of
with this so you go all the way down
okay are you ready it says load more
awesome okay when you click it so the
unicorns are working I got a real love
it so yeah if you want to ever check out
my website which is like a collection of
amazing things and feel good things and
my tumblr and stuff I'm Lilly Singh Kham
chick and I would have put up I just got
in the shower I took care of my upper
lip so you might notice a little
different human being Lilly not Louie up
in here all the pimples are still there
so I think get rid of those but my mom
spoils me she made me this like potato
sandwich thing with a pineapple with
about me yogurt about me like a snowman
napkin I bet you that tastes delicious
and she just like made this for me and
I'm just like it's so nice to eat food
that's like not you know out of a
cardboard box that I would usually um
let me give you some updates with
respect to girl love so Mindy Kaling
followed me Tyra Banks followed me how
her bangs tweeted it Branka Chopra
tweeted it Hannah Simone tweeted it
debby ryan - 'i didn't like so many
people are tweeting it Amy Poehler's
Smart Girls just tweeted it so it's
doing great I'm so happy about it
usually like social good sentimental
videos don't do as good as comedy that
is just the rule of thumb I can make
call me video always do better in terms
of views but it's not it's about how you
define success and this is not about how
many views it has this is what how many
people's mind it affects and how many
people are inspired by it and in terms
of that it's done amazing and I'm so
happy I'm gonna keep pushing it and like
I said I want to make this an annual
thing so I'm gonna keep thinking of ways
to make it bigger and I'm so passionate
about it so I'm really excited about it
but now for my potato sandwich potato
dough no upper lip mMmmm well mom is
forcing me to learn how to make a rice
and I don't care
I hear I can't you have to learn listen
how many days you're gonna make look I'm
gonna move to races education is so fun
alright let's do a rice tester here I
still feel the same as last night Oh
broke apart he's annoying oh and now
know how to make rice that's right I'm
27 years old I just learned how to make
rice don't judge me
my mom gave me this cool water bottle
because I couldn't find one la she's
basically making a list of things that
I'm yet to find and buy gnarly and
giving them to me no I'm not mad about
that wrong
I'm a little more work and then it's joy
time so none of the work is happening
right now like none of the work is
happening I'm just kind you know it is I
just it's so cold
guys when it turned my uterine and
crawled under my blanket and that's all
I want to do I mean I learned how to
make rice is that that's what that's not
work I mean I don't know I'm definitely
not gonna lie down because that would
just be absurd you don't mean it's just
like one to be why don't something you
and me dad is yelling stop I'm vlogging
you guys yelling he's not yelling out of
anger he's yelling cuz he's crazy
um brah yeah ground up you got a blog
somebody living up here on my iPhone dad
um I'm just gonna lie here and kind of
figure out what to do I just don't feel
like doing any work I feel like being
lazy and I've accepted that it's okay
like the past few days but you know what
it's the holidays shut up where's New
Year's Eve just kill it when it's
January first it's fine it's fine but so
because the rest of the industry is off
until January 4th so I don't really have
many emails or anything I mean of course
there's things I gotta do but you know
I'm like you're done you want to watch
American Horror Story till 5:00 in the
morning yo no one's judging you
no one's judging you
I'm having to say by my socks have gummy
bears on them stand by I know the kid no
name me one thing ever since I left the
city you bingo we're not and just I need
to learn what that line is anyways was
treating me shorty awards dope um I am
other spending the girl in the video
amazing when I do this I'm read the
notification I'm not just like I don't
know what I was gonna say I lost my
train of thought
you know she as I say I'm headed to the
movies not to go watch joy and I
couldn't be more excited about it when
my hotline bling sweater as yourself my
gummy bear socks and it cold outside so
I'm gonna take my winter jacket winter
jackets kind of ugly but I wear because
it's warm and the theater gets cold and
I'm so excited to popcorn after so long
I am wearing my combat boots
everyone makes suddenly whatever my mom
because they're so worn and torn I just
love them so much I might buy a new pair
when I go back to LA because I love
combat boots so so so much I mean
there's just so like you know they're so
like this is the adjective I'm waiting
for my car to warm up Canadian thing a
lot of Americans are not Americans
against a lot of people in LA my tone
pistol like what I have a car starter
which means my car starts while I'm
still inside so that it can be warm and
a lot of people that I like like a why
I'm like big haveth cold so I'm waiting
for my car to warm up and then I am
heading there and we gonna watch some
jewels and we go nice on that fun fact
everybody even saying this the cameras
on my mom can vote for this I think I
hug and kiss my mom 700 times I did my
mom's always self-conscious cuz she
thinks just you're always gonna think
she's wearing her night suit but it's
okay you're at your house it's fine
I was saying I always make fun of these
boots I work cuz they're like so worn
and torn they are yeah but this is this
top fashion it's the very fashion okay
mister stile diamond the stand so this
is my jacket is not horrible but it's
like this really
weird poo green color and I say poop a
lot of poo references in last blogs you
know when you're sick and your pool
looks like this is gross but that's all
the way to describe it
it's garbage pool Green who's tweeting
me uh-huh
that's the new symbol of someone
tweeting me ooh who's messaging me but
it's so warm it's cold it's down-filled
another Canadian thing downfield makes
it so so warm so that's why I went weird
all right so here at the theater and I
just heard a rap lyric on the radio it
was like give you so many cares till you
feel like a rabbit and like what the f
what I want to feel like a rabbit why
the F what I would like a rabbit I'm
here I know she's a few minutes away so
I'm waiting for I want to dress
something in my blog yesterday it's not
it's bad but I'm just gonna be open and
honest with you like I always am so like
why did you wearing your seatbelt in the
car so this is something I actually
learned when I went to Australia so in I
don't know about America fighting Canada
it's like when you're in an uber or taxi
it's bad and it's not right but when
you're in the backseat we don't tend to
wear our seatbelts and I know that's bad
and you should its safety like when I'm
driving on the passenger seat I always
wear my seatbelt I see I'm not wearing
now I'm parked I just took it off but
when I went to Australia me and like
Sarah everyone else knows that we were
so taken aback cause every time lion
attacks in the backseat the guy wouldn't
move until we did our seat belts were
like we kept forgetting because I guess
for Americans to Sarah's American it's
not the norm thing to do at all so I'm
gonna try to improve on that but I just
want to address them let you know that
little bit of information now you know
comment below let me know where you are
is it like normal to because I know in
some places it's like people don't wear
seatbelt I think everyone's rosy belt
but and where you live if you're in the
backseat of like a taxi or a cab
do you wear a seatbelt I know
what am i doing I'm telling my little
brother here make the first visit our
dad's new car the way I've seen he's
gonna do it on his own anyway that's
what I can be therefore I'm really
excited I feel like I'm gonna quote
every bit of her dialogue for the rest
of my life yeah yeah like it's gonna be
tattooed on me tonight
yeah proto marker oh my god was so
freakin good
this movie was so good it makes me want
to write movie reviews just so I can
talk about this movie it was I love I'm
in love she did such a good job
holy crap Jennifer Lawrence is such a
good job it was so freakin good
I watched ten more times I'm gonna ride
to write about this for a while I'm says
what know should I do we said theater
after everyone's gone yeah movie life
you know what about four we are usually
popcorn falling out of all places the
rebel party yeah and I keep eating show
your sweater you know did you like it I
love this she's so hot and she's just
such a good actors like I felt every
emotion I was like so many different
kinds of yeah I just felt every emotion
I was going on I was just like I was
invested yeah yeah so good so freaking
good yeah her drink so quickly all the
way you know because we usually never
fin it like don't put it like our drink
was done like halfway done yeah you take
hard question
Siri such a bad quality because it's so
damn but like whatever here's yo I'm an
Eskimo
I'm leaving the theater it looks like a
spaceship by the way this theater I'm
not special UFO yeah same crap it's that
same thing spaceship UFO
no no spaceship is often quite
astronauts corner or is that a rocket I
don't know um either way the movie was
so freakin good
I learned so much from it and it was
just life-changing for me I was very
happy about it
it's 133 a.m. and i am headed home
that's how long we're sitting in the
theater and don't kick yourself that's
what's good news
and my car starter started my car from
inside of here popcorn burp
fun fact remember I was logging in my
car I left my lights on in the car and
my car somehow did not die so much
killing the game I have this really bad
habit of getting into bed turn off the
lane for getting to end my fuck I have
to get back up turn on my light and the
bug my life is so hard
I'm gonna watch some American Horror
Story and then go to sleep today was a
great day I had so much fun hanging out
with no show it's a great time tomorrow
is New Year's Eve
I don't know I'm doing I think I'm gonna
turn on my disco light downstairs hold a
beverage in my hand and hover around on
my hoverboard I think chase might come
over - no she might come over we'll see
I don't know I wanted to make a 2015 rap
video like how I made it for the past
two years I might do tomorrow or I might
not I'm kind of on the fence reason
being in my 365 days of vlogging vlog I
kinda did a recap already so might be a
little bit repetitive so I'm gonna
decide tomorrow I'd like to do one but
if I'm editing it on my own so this is
really repetitive that I might not so
we'll see
it's I can't believe this year is done
what the hell how is this our tourniquet
you know what this is this is a crisis
that we should be having tomorrow not
today let's deal with right now American
Horror Story let's do it if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
subscribe or in unicorn language that
would be I just feel like no one
understands me like you do babe no I
mean no you come here
