I'm flying somewhere and you don't know
where so I'm heading to a photo shoot
I'm flying somewhere and they're going
to find a well the title matter desert
but
it's fronto I'm flying back to Toronto
I'm in Toronto for a one day let me
explain
so of course two weeks after moving the
first time ever I got an email saying I
have to go to shoot in Toronto and I'm
like I've lived in Toronto my entire
Stroman life and not once have ever had
work in Toronto and they I moved to LA
two weeks after that you want talking we
have to fly back for our shoot so I'm
only here for literally one day tomorrow
morning I'm flying back to LA but I
haven't told my parents I told my sister
what happened to my parents so I'm gonna
Surprise them and put up a Christmas
tree so that's happening why she just
like from ten to six and then I'm
heading home to surprise my parents but
hey I've been I'm home for one game
isn't that amazing also like totally
ridiculous but no reaction
okay my mom's at the bank she's coming
oh she's coming so mom's going to the
bank perfect time to come home she
doesn't know here in a surprise day I
heard a harissa oh my god ah hot glasses
he is a war you got John me to the
airport tomorrow morning so moany for a
few hours
I have fled back tomorrow morning very
excited because that can take a few
things that I forgot such as my shower
speaker and other essentials that I
forgot purchase buy this one over here
this one tomorrow I think tomorrow
let me hear now I'm not gonna be okay
but out there
you're lucky the wash where's Olaf bossy
or Lemmy the whole of this mess no he's
my dick are you coming yeah she knew
what I don't tell you everything
I'm taking nothing messy I'm in the
shoot on the desk
she was in a sheet over in Toronto she
came in either this morning right she
had a shoot at Michigan
you go home you yeah yeah yeah she's
leaving in the morning
Christmas fairways Vikings recording it
oh yeah yeah I know who did it bring her
one day Jenna medicine okay I shoot
something ridiculous man if he's three
and a half and he's doing this by
himself like you can't even say my name
properly yeah this guy looks good when
this guy haha I'm honestly in like tears
like it's only for a day
and it's honestly it's just just I have
such a warm feeling in my heart like I
have to do warm feeling or just like yes
so many packages I need to open my mama
so surprised my dad was shocked to so
shocked dreams anything right off the
camera he was like oh but um my god so
in my mail I got unlearn beneath the
surface which I'm gonna take with me
I got shirts from DeStorm I got a book
from furious Pete and I got a gift from
YouTube I know what it is because all my
friends had it in LA
you sent it to my Toronto address I'm
pretty sure some good dope holiday
sweater hold on
so dope customized check this up unicorn
with an S come on all right tradition we
got ourselves a Christmas tree together
happens every single year we're gonna do
on the day I'm back it's my sister with
the shirt sweater for loves everyone
know what's up my new ways everybody
whatever whatever type of 100 results
avocado ah what are we doing right now
Jorah besides beating up hold off what
are we doing no were you gonna call this
measly it goes busters my Christmas tree
because some people are worth melting
for all right all right
I get to sleep in my bed for three hours
and then I'm headed to Europe where I'm
super sleep deprived actually fell
asleep on the couch um
and everyone else went to sleep so I was
like oh well your time kind of spent but
good at the tree and that was dope um
head at the airport and I'm coming back
home next week for Christmas so it's
cool but it's so nice to come back home
it was so special and cool but basically
the law the cloud footage I lost my
nails first of all from my shoot I
couldn't vlog at the shoot by the way
because it gives download secret things
but like how dope how dope right the
cloud footage I lost impress my collab
with is actually flying back to LA to
pick up that footage tomorrow so we're
going to reshoot some of it and hope
hopefully I'm going to lose the clap
tomorrow and that's why I'm so behind on
blogs like where you vlogs because in
every vlog I mentioned who it was
stupidly so tomorrow I can just like
release all winter stuff the hustle
don't stop I'm going to bed in this bed
if you liked it subscribe if you liked
it subscribe what do most people do when
they steal your vlog camera no you guys
doing great I think I'm doing a terrible
job well now you're rocking it and then
she's like what are you doing
yes we're doing amazing good mommy weird
even good you know what the group this
girl really is all positivity and that's
why she's so darn happy is because she
makes the choice to just always be like
now why we're friends that's why we're
all friends cuz I'll go and get positive
people and a bald-faced did you guys
have fun
