shoot me in the eyeball let me tell you
what happened last night I was editing
my club with Ingrid and candy and I
would transfer all the files onto my
computer and it was all responsible and
professionals I'm going to transfer
these files finish the rest of this also
tired I was like I'm going to power
through and make this happen so I did
that and then before recording the next
segment I formatted the memory card
not realizing there was a second folder
with footage so now I'm editing and I
realize the clips of me dressed as
Johnny Depp after the transformation are
deleted I have a mental breakdown I
literally download every software I can
find pay hundreds of dollars online
could not find the files
I am currently this the next morning I'm
texting everyone I know I have my entire
team outside working on how to do this I
am willing to throw my lungs arms and
kidneys at someone that could get me
this footage back if not I will have to
somehow get candy to transform me again
and I'm just like out of all clubs of
all the files I could deleted the one
where I got transformed into someone
else that is literally irreplaceable
footage Lily walk so I've been stressing
I slept at like 6 a.m. it is 10:00 a.m.
right now I have no sleep and I'm
stressed I'm stressed and I would like
to say I have great humans in my life
because I've max mass texted a thousand
people and so many people are working on
this and trying to help me having said
that I also have to shoot another Club
in a couple hours so this is a situation
I was responsible who's going to stay up
I'll finish it and now everything is
delayed because I'm a freaking moron ok
so my team and I have literally tried
everything to recover this footage a lot
of place are closed today cause it's
Sunday so we're gonna wake up early in
the morning tomorrow and literally go up
someone be like yo tell me what it's
gonna cost I need a professional need to
recover I need to candy flew back home
so it's not even an option of like
redoing it so and I can't even release
the vlog today just everything's
backlogged one day and I worked so hard
to catch up so just frustrating I also
like promoted the sweater in that vlog
and promoted a new video now that's not
going up so I might have to like extend
the sweater by one day as well and I
just act up everything but it's ok I'm
gonna rain positive
good news is right now in about an hour
Lyndsey Rosana Meghan and Jake are
coming over and we're shooting a club so
with their permission and their
blessings I'm literally going to shoot
and release
right after I shoot edit release so I
can still at least keep up with my blog
schedule released that today and then
hopefully by tomorrow I have footage
hopefully God hopefully want to go take
a shower I'm on four hours of sleep when
bunches CLAB it's fine I'm just gonna
let this out before I officially start
doing my club I'd add memory card okay
I'm good let's go dig sharp yo-yo just
take a shower feeling a lot better about
life and thinking you'll there's a lot
to be positive about I love all the
people that are coming over in like a
couple minutes so we have a lot of fun
and you know what we were trying but
amar to get the footage and thought of
our control so there's nothing we can do
about it but try tomorrow try to get it
recovered it's no reason to stress or be
upset because there's a lot to look
forward to today right now
I should probably sweep my floor there's
stuff on my floor look at all these
people on my house
I've forced them to be my friends and
now we're gonna shoot a video together
this is how YouTube friendship works yes
and we're talking about cloning
ourselves because we decided that one of
us could go on dates then one of us
could do work mourners can edit when I
was blue the violin yeah yes exactly so
for clothes people prior to subscribe to
sixteen more channels very shortly so
this is a good friend you come to film a
project with her put you up with Clif
bars cuz that's what we all live on
right be honest to snakes
lots of snacks just like Lindsay do on
snack form that kind of good but she
pulls these out you're like yes I do a
chocolate chip macadamia nut yeah I'm
and we're having a piece mm-hmm by the
way we've decided we're gonna do this
more often we had way too much fun
filming this mmm mmm mmm I was gonna
bake that's the gate angles our nails
done you kid
and we're gonna have someone Co suddenly
it turned into someone's gonna come and
massage us while we're all hanging out
yeah what a thing you can do to apps
apparently for this and what if we each
have someone come at the same time and
so we're all getting massaged at the
same time yes Queen yes this is my dream
day I was gonna say this is not a normal
day for us by the way this is one thing
that we never do that would be the dream
eating nothing like mmm-hmm
what do most people do when they still
your vlog camera no you guys doing great
I think I'm doing a terrible job well
now you're rocking it and this is like
what are you doing
yes we're doing amazing good on me weird
even good you know what this girl really
is all positivity and that's why she's
so darn happy it's cuz she makes the
choice to just always be like now why
we're friends that's why we're all
friends cuz I'll go and get positive
people and a bald-faced did you guys
have fun yes we were just talking about
mom we need to do this more often
mm-hmm yo just finished shooting it is
6:00 I'm gonna edit this bad boy release
it hopefully by 8:00 8:30 so much fun so
so so much fun I'm having a lot of fun
shooting these clouds which is great
because like I stress about them and I
don't sleep and it's a lot of work but
then when I actually shoot it's so much
fun so this lighting though I
strategically withdrew my shoulder cover
it you know there's a combination in
life that makes someone happier I
haven't seen it sort of scripts this is
how I edit I present you with a script
and then I use it to edit because it's
easier to like reference who said what
especially when you do suppose so many
people so I'm done Lindsay I'm done ro
I'm done myself
neither do Megan and Jake so we're
almost there
so I released a clap everyone seems to
really like it and I'm really happy
about that
now I'm gonna hope and pray that
tomorrow the footage gets recovered so I
can release that clap and that will be
the fourth clap and according to my
calendar we have a lot more to go the
time is 919 I am going to on my to-do
list I've got to make that email video
that audition that collab that collab do
that and then do that okay
also I totally forgot I forgot that I'm
going to New York I forgot that I'm
flying out tomorrow night so that I need
to back to that a little bit um that's
what's happening first I'm gonna make
some pasta and then I finally have a
massage appointment at 11 p.m. I know
it's late massage don't make no jokes
it's not that kind of massage just left
the massage yeah that's really dope and
like comes late all these days I be
complaining about its massage I haven't
gotten one so I'm finally getting one
today because I deserve it I killed it
tonight long on the Milano's none are
mine I was one possible chair I'm sizzle
sound like I'm the strong was here I
found the one other Punjabi person that
lives and I became friends with them um
well again I had a massage after this is
what fall asleep on the hay was don't
even know it's all Freddie you know it's
all pregnant so my masseuse is coming
and I'm gonna have this long overdue
massage I shaved my legs you look at
this after so long after so freaking
long I'm so excited right now I'm gonna
try my best for the next hour to turn my
brain off I struggles turn my brain
after a massages and like what I'm
trying to sleep and stuff but I'm I try
your face when it's the next morning and
you realize you didn't end the vlog my
bad yo I did work I want to sleep now
there's burgers and eyes if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
casual girls night with my girls here
I'm just putting on my beard yeah so
much fun
Oh
