this time shouldn't exist in the morning
I'm so tired my eyes are on fire I am
just sort of sorry I entered right now
one of the same passes yesterday it's
all good effort I'm heading to a meeting
in regards to marketing for the ATT UI
movie to 10:00 a.m. and I woke up early
early but uh that was 1909 my meeting is
at 10 I were like 9:40 so quickly the
Sun validation on bags into my eyes
my hair's still wet from watching
yesterday we're in this meeting go back
home
I'm going to tie the premieres time
Tyler Oakley's premiere just nervous and
movie coming up going with King and then
I was shooting another clap today and
I'm releasing another cloud today so I
go yo what's up wheeze in this room look
at all these people working so hard
working on movie stuff secretly stuff
like it um but it's dumpers gonna be
dope it's go be dope yo I'm a bit of a
time crunch right now I'm putting the
final touches on the Edit for the club
I've uploaded money start getting ready
soon and I need to confirm the details
mic lab tonight that I'm shooting so I'm
have a lot of things doing other bunch
of time to do it I'm a definitely
Tyler's mint early to finish all this
I'm like so tired I want to cry and so
tired that every couple seconds to
myself I'm just like I'm so tired
no one's here to hear me I keep saying
it uh that's all as low and say I'm so
tired so I'm getting ready for this
thing and perfect times we start getting
some sort of allergic reaction to my
face cuz I face puff puffing up and it's
like it's you irritated and I'm like yay
yay me the moment when you get ready for
one thing and destroy everything and
everything with this what I'm wearing
I'm wearing a black tank with these egg
funky bell bottoms and fill that blazer
on top some red heels pretty basic you
know just like what else um I might
leave the event early because I didn't
get that much done for my club and I
want to make sure I'm prepared I don't
like being on repair when people come
true with me like I feel so horrible
because I was unprepared once I told the
story before I was unprepared once I
felt so bad about it so I vowed to never
make
again so does the status but what Kings
on his way to pick me up and as we're
going to look at my date he's hugging
other people better is it raining it is
really accurate abort mission
all these people are here is very
exciting we're about to walk this carpet
took a guy like Harper professional
because I like that you guys call people
here awesome and King is here who has
the best to smile when people's human
segment thanks so happy yes sir
it's so shy and I'm gonna marry him oh
my god what's our ship name his name is
already a ship named Kingsley's already
oh it's uh what imitating to purr
King super that sounds like a big I like
it I like it
no I am back home I had to leave a
little bit changes many things at once
I'm stuck oh I Cho had to leave a little
bit early because I wanted to make sure
that when people come from my club - I
can tell you're gonna see that pretty
this um Ingrid and Kent here coming over
and I want to make sure I knew exactly
what they're doing is are coming pretty
late and you know they're very sweet to
take time out to come in collaborate
with me so one to make sure I was like
totally know what I need them to do and
kind of have it printed out and be
prepared so I left a little bit early to
do that but had a great time so we're
seeing everyone it was so wonderful and
it was really like inspiring because you
know inevitably my premiere will come
soon so yeah I'm gonna go do that and OH
a necklace dog what is this necklace no
but my Christmas sweater back on friggin
love it so much I just based on my mom
real quick I feel pretty confident I
have a printout so I feel like I a a
pretty good idea I actually really like
this concept I came up with two loops
tickle my teeth Ingrid and candy are
both so talented like lifestyle DIY
makeup everything so the theme is the
only Christmas gift you need to get your
mom that's the working title but
essentially the Christmas Majeed comes
and asks me like what do you think I
should get mom for Christmas and then we
decided that the best thing to get mom
is to improve when Jeep so we actually
transform him into Johnny Depp in how he
always jokes about looking like Johnny
Depp so Candy's gonna actually transform
him and ingress be like get him ready
like Johnny Depp so I think it's gonna
be really really dope I'm excited about
it I'm excited about it oMG this is my
first time ever doing club with Cara
Georgia self and I'm probably like doing
them way under comfort zone because
they're used to like fabulous lighting
and wonderful production and looking
cloth so I was like and that is my
camera and I'm anything and I'm just
like Ingrid's like adjust your ISO my
adjustable adjustable I just don't and
we're making a dope video and it's gonna
be are you guys excited I'm excited I am
so excited I got around to Rockstar I
gave her a rock star and this is the end
of her life down over beer alright guys
a legitimate leads downhill addiction it
starts downhill from here now that's
right
Oh we'll get there girl - don't worry
casual girls night with my girls here
and
putting on my beard captain dress bird
hello LM is great moisture this DIY
costume at your mud bed and I keep
looking at you and I like look it was a
beautiful part man oh my God look like a
man my god you smell around me yeah
you're from my room it was your friend
he's a gram rocks in who do you - thing
yeah hello there oh my god it's so dope
did such a good job I'm going to talk
like Jack Sparrow attempt to because a
little bit weird sorta like a normal
girl and things and I don't know - sigh
sounds but I'm feeling very ill because
I've massive migraine right now I've
eaten all day
I just realized and this wig is so tight
and I just finished shooting the scenes
and I'm so scared to take it off because
I take it off I'm not going able to do
it again and so I want to make sure I
have all the scenes um I kind of
freestyle the ending because I don't
have a script script but I think I have
to like call it a wrap because my eyes
are turning red and I feel like I'm
gonna puke because it's so tight I
really need a massage tomorrow I've been
putting it off and now I have a pure
sing pains in my shoulder and they're
really really hurting so that's the plan
for tomorrow oh I need to eat something
oh that was missions to take off so
that's some of my eyes but I think that
was one of the most fun shoots that ever
had for a club like I just loved hanging
out with and we just like talked and
were just like hanging out and was like
laughing it was so much fun they're so
dope they're both so freaking talented
like I was blown away and they stayed so
late to Ingrid's bedtimes like 9:30 I
just spit on myself
it goes bad times like 9:30 in she went
home like one I hope the video turns out
great
I gotta obviously pick up a whole bunch
of shots for tomorrow which I suppose
bottom G dresses Manjeet again
Joseph is Lily again um but I'm gonna
eat something and go to bed I'm not
cleaning up any of this cuz I'm so
frickin tired I'm gonna eat and knockout
and just I need a rest if you like it
that's good if you like it subscribe let
me explain okay this is actually many
days later and if you follow me on
social media you know what happened even
though this vlog we just watched this
film like days ago what happens I
stupidly deleted some of this footage
was traumatized because obviously I
can't transform myself into freaking
Johnny Depp I was beating myself up but
kandi this wonderful person has come
back to shoot this it transformed me
again this time I have nail polish it's
fine the continuity is fine she's
literally transfer me again because I
deleted the footage so show that video
extra love
subscribe to Danny yeah because she's
freaking awesome that you made this
happen so what would do this oh yeah she
did it again
candy Johnson everybody yo she did this
two times because I'm an idiot
so like show us some love and she said
she's happy with this time right you
look so lean oh but I can upload all
these vlogs and tomorrow's vlog oh my in
the next vlog will make sense cuz I'm
stressed about it all over again but
it's out of order but just deal with it
like part of a movie it's party this is
real life right now it's in real life
there's hair in my mouth it's probably
in your throat uh-huh yeah I'm gonna
stalk people on Facebook all night dong
COK let's sing a song about it
Hotel I hate you and you make me rant
I'm also not wearing pants
Oh
