is 8 a.m. and I'm awake why because I'm
a new young I just landed somebody might
not know this I haven't posted my last
two vlogs because I talk about the
collab in which I lost footage and
because I have something uploaded yet I
don't wanna upload the vlog because
you're gonna find out who the cloud is
with and I'm trying for secret still
long story short couldn't recover the
footage I'm gonna have to either fly the
person back or figure out once a cloud
comes out I'll be able to explain this
much more thoroughly of why it's such
your replaceable footage but anyways
we're in New York for YouTube event just
speaking at a panel I will need for one
day so that's what's up we just landed
and ran out to the hotel I don't really
sleep
I watched a resume errs of Apollo
performance on the plane other dying
laughing the whole hours so funny and I
watch two episodes of American Horror
Story and now I am gonna go to sleep my
hotel
I love like that yo so I checked into my
hotel I'm gonna take a nap um I'm very
keen on like boutique hotels are cool
cuz they're like funky but my request is
always like dude please looking like a
Holiday Inn or like a very normal based
out of my anything fancy is when a basic
hotel I know what to expect
no surprises they couldn't do that this
time so it about you Boutique Hotel it's
cool there's a croc guitar this is my
hotel room like it's very interesting
but like this cold air coming out of
this thing I'm sorry I'm cranky and that
so like it was just cold every single
time I've come to you it so far every
single time every time I volatile room I
tell them the heats not working they
come in and tell me that's as hot as it
gets and I'm just like brah I've been
around the world I know what a heated
hotel room feels like every single time
in your present reason they try to
convince me that that's as hard as to
get no but this is cold air just cold
air coming out so yeah just struggle to
wake up and get out of bed right now I
just stepped like 3-4 hours but I was
interrupted every single hour cuz every
single hour is someone that this hotel
was like room service or do you need a
refill on your minibar I'm like I
checked in an hour ago
I'm an alcoholic I'm I get up I just
tweeted this I feel like after watching
Justin Bieber's love yourself music
video cuz sexy my voices after watching
Justin Bieber's love yourself music
video hundred times if you like the way
I get out of bed it's very average and
lame so like I just want to be there I
know I keep complaining about this hotel
but it's just because I don't like
boutique hotels like look at this
washroom I don't know if you can tell
how high that toilet is but I do live
like hop skip and jump to take a piss
right now because it's so high the
mirror is also so high to see
everything's just so high
everything is Snoop Dogg right now
I'm like why why I'm literally wearing
the exact same outfit that I wore to
debbie ryan tells party a few days ago
because I was like I don't give enough
I'm a lot of people are asking about
that as well so Debbie and I connected
through a mutual friend that we have to
feed the children and I met her once on
set for Jesse as well when I went to go
just hang out with garden and I should
vitamin trance party and she saw doping
she's so cute she's adorable and I love
her and it's just really pretty and just
Pleasant so that's how we connected I am
going to do my makeup head over so I
don't know if I explained probably what
I'm doing it's a panel for YouTube at
the YouTube space here in New York which
I love you know I love all the YouTube
spaces and it is a multicultural panel
so I'm gonna be speaking and hopefully
seeing some smart things I'm officially
not cranky anymore I took a shower I'm
sorry I know previously till this point
I was like oh I didn't sleep all night
and I didn't sleep very well on the
plane and I was a little bit cranky and
groggy but now I'm back to full unicorn
status so hey hungry in the green room
and I instantly found the popcorn and
started eating it my life right now all
these people are here that promo dough
well there it is there it is correction
with that post oh good luck to mark this
panel and be all multicultural that's
what's up so they should my picture his
Wall of Fame and I can finally be next
to this guy who somehow got there before
me humble God no kidding
humble deserves to be there obviously I
just posed it up hopefully there's no
lipstick on my teeth and boogers in my
nose
but thrower then that's authentic to me
you know by with it she doesn't know but
it's okay
she's so great insightful all these
dudes right here so fun it's a great
time it was actually really smart and
great and I loved it and I'm starving
these are the things that are happening
so you know when I'm in New York falafel
rice is going down he's excited and
excited is I glad to have you
accordingly so excited everyone sleepers
I'm a really really early shoot I'll
tell you more about that after I'm done
eating my right-hand man the sleepiness
is real not sleeping properly he's
really hitting me right now I'd wash my
hair basically what's happening is I
have a shoot tomorrow as soon as I land
I'm headed to the shoot and I hate doing
that I like to be able to go home take a
shower but I'm landing going straight to
the shoot but there's a surprise element
to this shoot that I'm not gonna tell
you yet I'll tell you in tomorrow's vlog
so I'm sorry it's a huge surprise
element brought lighting tomorrow's love
this is my water his name is Fred and
this water I've never seen this brand of
water it looks like a bottle of alcohol
and it's just like this is the water
this is a water bottle it's really yummy
Fred good job I'll go wash them air hey
guys right here these in the shower
right now so I just want to talk to you
guys um I just want to tell you guys to
make sure you conserve water because all
my cousins are really really serious
about this issue and I think we should
all consider water and lilies and shower
right now she's been in there a long
time I mean she's probably like wiping
your bunny crap but I think she should
take shorter showers because Fred and
Fred's family Fred don't waste Fred Fred
Fred Fred I'm really tired
hey you're not my biggest that peeves is
about hotels when there's no outlets and
plugs near the bed it's like I'm a plug
in my phone I'll go over here my beds
all the way over there I'm gonna wake up
and hear my alarm
Doug I'm gonna go stalk people on
Facebook all night cos I sing a song
about it
Hotel
I hate you and you make me rant I'm also
not wearing pants Oh hope you hope
there's ants in your pants I hope you
get in lots of group chats and I hope
everyone I'm rising okay when you say
hey suddenly my car is drums suddenly my
guitar is drums when my jokes don't
sound like they used to be full
that's enough on that now that we've
established that I'm a musician and I'm
not wearing pants okay my t-shirt is
like so long though so like really when
these are so fat fat and he's one of my
family it's fine I've embraced it I'm
gonna head to bed the time is 12 after
waking about 4:30 head to the airport
and then tomorrow I got an exciting
surprise to you it might catch some of
you off the guard it's very exciting so
make sure you watch I don't think I can
upload this right now
oh also I just want to say I've said
this many many times before but meeting
Dwayne and Selina have really changed
who I am as a person I've noticed now
when I interact with people especially
if like the fans are approaching me I've
become so much better at living that
moment and being grateful and just so
many good qualities I've learned from
them today I was noticing that when fans
were talking to me like after the panel
I was so tired but like so many people
wanted to like come up to me ask the
questions that I'm not sure and I
noticed that I was kind of like taking
on traits of things I picked up that
Selena did like when I was with her in
way she made me feel special and so
that's why though
boom go to sleep if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
somebody doing a soda challenge but not
like we're so does a bacon chocolate
soda mmm
what a lot peeps is that right killing
it girl this soda pop some of it smells
ratchet as f
