today is YouTube rewind a little
so YouTube rewind just came out and I
can finally tell you that I have the
honor and privilege of opening YouTube
rewind which is like such an honor and
so so cool and have vlog footage from
that day that I cannot upload it was
such a cool experience I haven't watched
yeah I'm gonna watch it right now but
I'm so excited to see it yo okay so I
took a shower so that's why my clothes
are changing B I'm wearing like clothes
and not track pants and trying to like
you know up my game and stuff YouTube
rewind this dope maybe I'm a bit biased
because like I'm in and stuff but I
think it's dope I like how this year
it's a bit more like there's longer
segments I like that because and the
previous years rewinds I thought they're
really great but it was so quick or else
I don't know what's happening I like how
there was longer cycles you can tell it
as a whip and nae nae segments there was
like a you know act throwback section
it's like really cool I really liked it
I'm so so honored to be part of it and
it's just like so so it looks great it's
like shot great and now I can finally
upload the behind the scenes and like it
was so cool to meet everyone so that's
dope I got a lot of work to do today
today I'm shooting another collab with
Jesse and Jeana prank vs. prank they're
coming at 6:00 the time is - I don't
have an idea yet so the next four hours
I'm gonna edit yesterday's Club finish
editing it post it post the BTS or
rewind think of a collab idea shoot that
tomorrow I'm trying to shoot two clubs
so this is what we signed up for let's
do it oh I forgot to you breakfast
should I fix my hair I'm deciding that I
can fix my hair and wear clothes I'm not
gonna wear makeup everyday that's my
thing I'm not wearing makeup and ever
fumes and if you like the way you look
so much then baby should go love you sir
that's my new jam right now I'm about to
upload this first Club in ten minutes
and I got two hours think my idea for
Jesse and Jeana I'm thinking something
like couplers relationship I mean
they're a pretty iconic couple on
YouTube so I feel like not all my clouds
are Christmas themed because 12 persons
videos or ten or eight it's a little bit
of an overkill some of them will be but
being this one has to be like a dope
skit couple relationship you know I like
the kind of stuff but I always try to
make other people feel comfortable as
well so like I don't know like I truly
try to think of people
writing with and be like what would they
be super good at like what do I see them
doing so I don't have to think on that a
little bit I'm like some lunch and a lot
of things going on I'm building my team
some people are here helping me work
they just went up to grab some stuff for
me as well I'm trying to I'm trying to
make it happen I'm trying to make it
happen we go make a head now wait the
link is in ooping also can I just add I
know I saw this in yesterday's vlog as
well but that's such a good time
shooting yesterday like it was a lot of
fun and it was the first clap I've ever
done in my own place so it's like it's
interesting because like I was so
straight up like there was one part
where they had to go on my couch and
they had to like a lie across it and
stuff like that and they're like all do
imma take my shoes off I was like yes
and I probably guess taking shoes off
is my place don't wrap it up so I was
like interesting that mom would probably
laugh at that but at the same time like
it was dope it was dope to also be like
oh yeah we can move around everything
and do everything it's so cool like it's
I can control we do in the space so it's
like um if I can't clean things up right
away it's fine and if you know things
get effed up it's on my own account and
I don't have to feel bad about my parent
stuff and it's it's cool right now right
never knows what's up he knows what's up
but it was an interesting experience
there's a lot of fun yo yo yo what's
going on so let me show you my brain is
kind of working anytime think of a video
idea I have to be moving so I was like
pace or I go on like a hoverboard kind
of do shoe but like I do and I I just
same thing when I'm on the phone I have
to like pace walking back and forth is
my way of concentrating so I'm or just
like walking like thinking about ideas
and when I think of ideas like I don't
actually know how it's a very common
question I get asked how do you think of
your video ideas and I'm just like I
don't know like honestly I think of I
almost put the facts together like I
make a brainstorm in my brain like so I
won't just think of like this is a good
video idea I'll think about what I'm
doing is like this is what I'm thinking
my head Jessi Gina prank vs. prank
boyfriend vs. girlfriend and I'll just
keep throwing out the word that are
associated with them so they're a couple
they do pranks you pranks with each
other and though my brain is like
obviously like boys pranking each other
is probably hilarious the relationships
probably really different like compared
to people who don't do YouTube stuff
like that so I'm like really funny if it
was like me counseling them like couples
counseling because maybe they're
fighting because they keep pranking each
other and now like they keep like going
at it with each other so then I'm like
okay what if like it was like the
counselor was not helpful at all and
what if I was like if tumblr was a
couple's counselor and
I keep saying quote that don't make
sense that I'm like it could also be if
my parents were couples counselor like
Mooji thin but indeed counselling Jesse
and Jeana because Jesse's you're
fighting but like when Gees can be like
so concerned about getting paid or like
getting giving stupid advice and bottom
sheets obviously just gonna keep blaming
Jesse for everything um so that's the
thoughts of thing about my brain right
now
um it's foggy but something is coming
something around couples counseling I
feel is where I'm going right now
so I'm about like 14 minutes away from
Jesse and Jeana coming and I'm
finalizing this club and I had a call
saying that one of the really big clubs
was working on I was like a huge
surprise for all of you and I was so
excited about got cancelled so I'm super
bummed out and I'm super heartbroken
about it but I have 14 minutes finish
the script so I can't grieve about it
now but I'm super upset and disappointed
and this is only day two I'm glad
so that really sucks but we're gonna
focus on the work right now so Jesse jr.
a couple minutes away I'm trying my best
not to be upset and disappointed because
I like to have a certain energy when I
shoot things but Michael I I'm really
disappointed I know it's kind of stupid
to talk to you guys about this cuz you
have no idea what the club was her who
was with but it was something you guys
would be really excited about and it
would have been something I would be
really excited about and I'm trying to
take that disappointment and turn into
motivation to to do something this is
someone I've tried to collaborate with
many times in the past as well and it's
never worked out so now they are
officially my unicorn that person that
you can't capture and I'm going to take
I'm gonna be up disappointed for a
little while but I'm gonna take this and
turn to motivation to be like you know
what I'm if we work harder and try to be
more successful to the point where I can
collaborate with this person so now if
I'm gonna say about that it's fine it's
cool I'm hovering away my problems it's
fine and I'm just gonna you know days I
just want you all to like really I try
to do things and I mean this is the most
humble way I try to do things that are
like you know not been done before and
so when I tried to collabs like I just
really want them to be unique and so I
really want surprised you and I wanted
to graze the standard for things and so
when things fall through with like it's
disheartening to me and to what I
believe in my passion and my work and
all that stuff so I take this really
seriously I care about a lot so I don't
know it's fine it's cool we're just
gonna have to work
it's hard now to make sure every other
clap is awesome and that's what's gonna
happen let's do it
no codes here oh my god I get to see you
guys twice in such a short amount of
time I love your house oh so beautiful
it's not my office presentation nice and
good look what I did to my phone
yesterday what you shattered it oh my
god it doesn't even came to tell and I
know you can tell that's dad - um he's
about to do some she's already loose in
the challenge tomorrow I can say we're
about to do a soda a kpop challenge and
a skit for my channel it's gonna be dope
they ever done is gay people
oh yeah yeah not with you obviously
bacon may be vegetarians dream I've
never seen one do this kind of challenge
I've seen somebody do I get soda
challenge but not like weird so does a
bacon chocolate soda mmm
what up peeps is alright killing it get
all this soda pop some of it smells
ratchet as f Kitty pillow I know damn I
told them I want to tag someone I'm
puking later on guess where we are this
burrito I don't know the size your face
I freaking love it I'm so happy this is
what we needed to wash off the taste of
those horrible drinks that I I'm sure
when a pig up laters it and you soap you
up
I feel that yeah it's like it starts to
my skull my dress the hole I got a drink
all gone yeah I knew and I knew no I did
that
alright so Lily just handed us her vlog
camera I guess you want to just talk to
you guys first off Lily back yeah Lily
is amazing we just did a klabo with her
and she's super like it was so him yeah
so it was so much fun it was it wasn't
even feel like very like doing any kind
of work or just make a cool content with
Lily but she's amazing
um to our supporters you guys are stuff
I was gonna curse but I know it wasn't a
curse but you're awesome and thanks for
not really the most interesting to me
that might be interesting to you guys as
well when I saw her bedroom and her
house it was so clean and I'm like Lily
I thought I thought your room was always
messy she's like no I'm really organized
but I just didn't have space to organize
in the old house but thanks for having
us Lily we'll see y'all later peace on
the streets oh man I'm so tired I did so
many things today um it is 12:36 a.m. no
part of me wants to shoot this I have to
basically do shots as Lily when jeath
and bottom jeath but I'm gonna do it
because I got it I have to ask to
release tomorrow so I'm gonna toughen it
up toughing it out and get it done done
so that's two times when do you two
times per mg and 2 times Lily sorry this
problem should be or that spoon time and
either two time but we the dude I'm Lily
up there that's right this is called a
bloody dedication okay that's right
you got your thumbs up I what you right
now that video do thumbs up okay thumbs
up your three thumb up okay three forgot
I forgot I had this huh I've been
editing it's 4:00 a.m. I'm a meeting at
10:00 a.m. so I gotta wake up at like
9:00 so I'm gonna head to bed I did a
look I did a lot of the editing um as
you'd like finalized the audio and stuff
for tomorrow it's gonna release tomorrow
I'm shooting another club tomorrow and
I'm planning to go to Tyler Oakley has a
premiere for his movie coming out
sometime to do that but have a meeting
the Tyler Oakley that have a shoot at
Lisa's Club so um I love number two day
two
we're going strong we're gonna make it
happen today it was awesome I've watched
rewind like fifty hundred times because
I'm so excited about it and I wash my
face and say goodnight to Antonio out
that onesie life doe
i'ma head to bed I gotta wake him five
hours any my chapstick can't survive
without my chapstick real you yo yo yo
yo yo yeah I hope you all like these
clouds I'm trying my best
I'm sorry if they're not all like but
I'm trying my best to make them pretty
dope so we're in this together we're in
this together I'm gonna head to bed
it was a very productive great day and
tomorrow will be even even more great
and productive day and we're gonna stay
positive and keep doing things and keep
reading Shiva keep reaching for the
stars I'm so tired I can't even be
motivational I can't even be
if you liked it subscribe if you liked
it subscribe oh they're still Manjeet on
me yeah if you like it subscribe I
highly suggest everyone do that so we're
still in the ball pit we decided we're
just gonna chill in here until we go
back because beautiful sunset
