I'm about to do something dope so today
I am delivering Christmas gifts all
people that work with me um and the
first stop is astronauts wanted but I'm
basically doing is I'm interrupting one
of their meetings I plans to blend them
I'm gonna pretend like I'm furious and
I'm having an emergency meeting like I'm
unhappy then I've hired five masseuses
to come into their office and give them
all massages so I'm giving them a
massage attack basically it's going to
be dope
you ready let's do it all right so the
hall the masseuse is set up in another
room I'm gonna barge in this meeting and
be like Joe
I actually just things emergency if my
premier done a little acting skills on
point here we go hi sorry to interrupt I
was like knocking but um I guys know
something I have to tell you guys really
about something these people fully
already knew but it's fine it's fine if
attended it no it's cool I got them
doing massage videos it's gonna be dope
when you guys get the hour off and stuff
they fully knew these guys yo what's up
such as did a bunch of work let me show
you these cute baskets so I gave the
massage thing two astronauts wanted for
everyone else I made these baskets they
have slippers just like the ones I'm
wearing unicorn zippers got a little bit
of bubbly some skittles a handwritten
thank-you card and sweaters my Christmas
sweaters are going to also go on there
and those are going to the team that
helps me do everything I do let's talk
about these collabs real quick so over
the past like a day I haven't shot
anything because I'm just like taking a
breather and I'm like damn christmas is
coming soon I know I can't do 12 clubs I
know I said I wouldn't stress about
being 12 but so far my clubs are great I
love them but none of them have been
like no last year I had like Kunal seth
rogen James Franco I'm trying to do that
kind of stuff but it's hard for a few
reasons one it's so last-minute - I
finally figured out why it's harder is
because I already did so many awesome
collabs this year like I did Selena
Gomez Shay Mitchell and I collaborated
with youtubers way more often this year
that's why it's so difficult because
nagas like damn already clad with these
people who already did so many cool
collabs so I'm just gonna kind of do
what I can for the clubs and just kind
of realizing that like next year I have
so many cool collabs lined up as well
could have been for this but timing-wise
doesn't work out and I'm just like I've
been releasing dope clubs and I just
can't condense them into the small
amount of time so I won't personal
enjoying them though I really like the
one with Candide Ingrid I think it's
really cool and fun so yeah J is Friday
so I'm just kind of doing work I just
already finished a lot of work and I
ordered a bunch of art for my place and
I'm so impatient cuz I want it to come
like right now I ordered something for
there and a whole bunch for my office
and I got to put up that Drake piece as
well so like I think maybe tonight I'll
work a little bit more on the on the
home after I do some work and today's
Friday and it is pretty much the last
Friday before the holiday so the
industry basically shuts down so I feel
like a lot of like emails will reduce
and mix it around did I punch myself in
the face why is that like that oh I know
I was sitting like this mmm true cuz I'm
like my foundations not that off I
didn't do that like I fully went to work
anyways up that pimple don't
he was right too
let's get for the girl
get up you get down
and I didn't wanna write a song cause I
didn't want anyone thinking I still care
I don't but you still hit my phone so my
brain just thinks in terms of Justin
Bieber songs now because there's always
constantly going through my head his
album is so quick I god I'm having like
a creative genius moment where I'm
thinking video idea for you I have to be
idea I'm attempting so J's Friday I'm
attempting to also tomorrow write
scripts do bunched up for the house but
I'm planning to shoot on Sunday Monday
Tuesday possibly Wednesday but I have
ideas and now I'm trying it's actually
because I'm putting so many people in
one video it's actually hard for me to
think of creators to like reach out to
that will actually respond to texts and
respond to me as a person so that's the
current struggles like I have the ideas
and I'm like oh my god who should I put
in it because like it would be easy if
there's one person for video about life
or pop you burn the video down I don't
have any people ain't nobody that many
people like me to respond to me doc
another thing that's so hard about these
collapse the last four people I've
texted I've already left to go home for
the holidays
so that's like a thing in LA like people
fly back to where their family set for
Christmas as I want you to as well but
literally the past four people have all
been like already left already left for
any left so hey yo so reaching out to
people that's people applying so that's
exciting is 8:40 age and I want to do
something I've been procrastinating for
for so long I'm going to make my wall
and I've been from casting one because
it's tedious to do and two because like
that makes it really real you know what
I mean like a new wall that's like I
think that's the last thing I'm like
I'll go no not a wall in Toronto I don't
need a wall here but like I'm gonna make
this I'm gonna I'm gonna take this step
right now we're in this together here we
go ready pedo ready lolly
let go one
many more to go whoa peanut taken on my
face but doesn't matter cuz yo welcome
to the new wall much wider than the last
one I have a proper border and this is
what it'll look like I kind of love it I
kind of love it
mr. clean dropping something I kind of
adore this what do you think oh and an
minor detail booyakasha tell me where
that's from what's good you're right
mate
oh my god it's freaking garage hey I'm
gonna go to sleep it's 3:00 a.m. I've
got a lot of work done I've been looking
at artwork for the past like three hours
my apartment I just like consumed my
entire life because I'm so impatient
like I've ordered some stuff isn't it
forever to get here and so the time
takes to get here I'll keep looking for
more stuff also my nails are super dope
I don't if I showed you them yet but
like for that shoot I did they did my
nails they're like silver count I'm
getting delirious I'll never sleep
Wow someone's coming over and I'm
shooting cloth and then I'm prepping all
the rest of my claps and the work
content oh I know voice leap I hope you
had a good day and if you had a good day
to make sure to comment below and tell
me but today okay if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
subscribe
oh yeah
