okay so we're try to get to know each
other first a style or changing
questions today we're putting extra
effort into self-love say with me you
are good enough or I guess if you're
saying it wasn't me you're talking to me
so let's try again let's say I am good
enough I love myself I am in control of
my day and I'm going to tell it what
a-blazing loves are we hustle harder
productivity lives here as you know I've
been going through a little bit of a
tough time rubriz soul-searching with
you to just my life I haven't been 100%
myself I don't know I'm going to go into
a little funk funk you were but today I
am determined to be the best version of
myself I rather just try my best to be
the best version of myself and not be
too hard on myself and understand that
I'm an effing human and it's okay we're
human that are trying trying to the
mission for today I got a whole bunch of
creative scripts to write to it is like
a whole bunch release my sixth Club of
Christmas - super 60 I gotta work on a
deck for something I'm telling myself
I'm gonna do one leisure thing my
mission is do one leisure thing hundred
is just cleaning boring stuff more than
anything today I just want to be at
peace let's go do that I moved around my
writing room because here's the issue I
could never work in my writing room
because the Sun is just blinding me all
the time that's what I did I move this
around I mean my desk in the middle cuz
I would stand right there to record my
rants anyways this is my makeshift
curtain that's happening right now and
this is where I'm gonna be working it's
pretty cool kind of look and now we can
stare out the posters it's all good
Kings one of the things I'm gonna try to
do today is to actually make a schedule
usually when I work out to do lists I
don't ever make timings I don't ever say
from this time to this time I'm gonna do
this I'm just like laughing and knowing
me I make this list impossible to finish
so today I'm gonna actually make myself
a schedule saying from 12:00 to 4:00
you're doing this then you take a break
then I'm here you're doing this and they
get you a break because I want a good
balance today because I love myself I
love myself
here's what we got we got 1 to 4 p.m.
work on creatives also released my video
do super 64 to 5 monkey do some dishes
do some laundry 5 2 a.m. and work on
this deck I need to work on when I say
deck I don't mean like patio I mean like
just PDF and then from 8 onwards I'm
allowed to be a human being to be
leisure and have fun that's what we're
gonna do it we're sticking to it let's
get to what so far my day is going great
I felt calm peace I've been having
really good conversation with a few my
friends via text and just like having
honest conversations and learning and
just being like a little bit more of a
human today and I really really am
enjoying it I just leave my video with
Rudy I cannot stress up when Rudy came
over he is just such a phenomenal person
to work with never brag about Rudy for a
few minutes but Rudy is so talented
obviously as a musician but even as an
actor like he has little nuances and
little things he does that just make him
so funny and easy to work with and he
was just so down and so lovely and I
want to make some I even told him like a
lot of his skits actually inspire my
skits yeah I think he's just such a
creative genius but if you've never
watched Rudy's videos you definitely
should because they're really good and
creative and unique and just she has
such a voice that stands out amongst all
the other content on YouTube so check it
out definitely I'm doing super 60 right
now so chat will you do it
what goon on I have a blog for so many
hours but I've been really really
productive I am going to actually
combine today's vlog and tomorrow's vlog
into a 1 vlog for the weekend I'm trying
to not horse myself to do things that my
spirit doesn't endure the last few hours
I don't want to vlog or understood these
then so I'm gonna sleep and then wake up
Pittman I Spit bike Hey good morning
it's a sunny wonderful day I am gonna go
do my makeup cuz I'm heading to brunch
with a Rachel all the way in Venice so
let's go for a drive
pulled over on the side of the road one
of the things I was thinking about
recently to have more balanced life is
you do not love on weekends or in buying
my weekend vlog into one like I'm doing
right now Saturday and Sunday into one
blog we'll see we ordered all the food
Rachael's making me drink this green
thing that's probably healthy not sweet
by the way and I'm gonna do it cuz it's
our first day barely I'm being polite is
the first day the other day the first
day Rachel I could go on and on and on
watch that ass hold on hi how lovely she
is more than anything I just had a
really good time turning off and being
off and being like yo we went to Brian
too and shopping it was great of course
does one leisure thing I missed my team
call I literally forgot well my team
call this is what I need to get better
and by do leisure thing I need to learn
how to balance both literally I feel
like Ralph and ristmas call her Mike see
this is why I can't do things with them
like no there's learn to do both now
you're gonna work right now it's work Oh
everyone keeps telling me the Walking
Dead episode the day's crazy and I'm
telling myself I cannot watch it until I
get this crib done working on a script
for one of my cloud and I have this with
my top collabs I don't want to just make
them funny videos I want to have some
sort of message and a lot of them like
some of them are just like oh this is
funny but a lot I'm like what's the
message you know working on this really
good one about magazines
it's 8:30 and I'm really tempted to go
like run to the store to buy it like a
stack of magazines for inspiration cuz I
feel so much more accurate I'm gonna do
that right now but I really really like
this idea all sort of let you guys know
what the way productions stuff is going
when you're watching this right now it's
Monday a claps not gonna come today I
released went on Saturday but Saturday
but just because of the amount of
releases that have to happen before
Christmas Tuesday will release the next
club just so things are a little more
spaced out a niche so today and you will
not drop it or drop tomorrow so stay
tuned apparently magazines are
impossible to find CVS and 7-eleven and
nine of them really have a lot of
magazines I'm not gonna even have any
here mission accomplished y'all don't
even know what just happened I don't
even know what just happened right now
no mono worked I just pinky I'm an the
blog I need to watch Walking Dead
episode cuz everyone's as text me be
like you got it watching my okay I
finished my work I can watch it now and
never got mad shoots an issue due
tomorrow I'm not sure how long the slugs
and end up being collectively but that's
okay I think I like this whole combining
the weekend days together I think that's
what I'm gonna try doing oh just get my
period hey I might as well but for now
let's see how we did
literally thanks for joining me on today
and thank you for just being in my life
and being here and being with me during
this very confusing time in my life
where I'm kind of trying to reprioritize
what I do and just ever since I dropped
that vlog of mine there's been so many
supportive tweets and comments and just
reassurance that team super is gonna be
with me and I just I'm so so lucky and I
was actually talking to Rachel about
this I mean how long this Twitter yeah
each to say I was telling Rachel about
the state to is like I think one of the
things we need to be better at as human
beings is just stop being so hard on
ourselves and I think that's easy to say
but like let's just let's just unpack
that for a second it's like my biggest
issue is when I'm sad I get mad at
myself for being sad you know like I am
a very big advocate of like you have to
feel emotions and it's okay you can't
always be happy but when I'm sad I catch
myself being like oh well okay
you're feeling like this and so not even
get anything done and now you're like a
weak person because you're sad and no
and I think it's when I'm sad I need to
get better at being like hey you're sad
it's okay you're allowed to be sad it's
fine to be sad you don't need to put on
this front like you're not it's okay to
be sad in tomorrow it's okay to
experience things and feel things it
doesn't make you less of a person it
makes you more of a person or makes you
more human and really try to get better
at that truly being like you're human
and you're trying your best and that's
fine and so I just want to tell that to
you in case that resonates with you of
that whatever you're going through right
now you're really really happy or you're
struggling with something this moment
isn't define me with all part of the
journey like whatever you're doing right
now if you feel is fine it's okay
because tomorrow you which has to feel a
whole new way or maybe you won't you
know try all over again and that's fine
we're all trying our best and that's
okay and you are good enough and you're
perfectly fine wherever you are and
however you are and so I really really
mean that from the bottom of my heart
yeah until tomorrow with a awesome
continue if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
yo just a heads up this week I'm gonna
be shooting collabs back to back to back
to back to back every single day so
doesn't be a lot of days or I'm gonna
have to keep secrets from you this is a
heads up of what to expect in the vlogs
and be a whole lot of life show you wore
on DuWayne cause I'm
being shook wall so I bet he
