so this is new I was in the shower and
often like what do I do i do i do not
know like i know the fire in the one
place no one else is concerned so I'm
also testing it or like learning
experiences is so damn loud oh my god
rise up this morning smile at the shy
rising shining some Rising Sun what up
t-shirt reference good morning so even
though my few blogs behind I decide to
vlog today because a few exciting things
are happening are they I think they're
exciting my Drake picture is finally
done so double the size of last one
we're gonna try to get Drake up there
somehow someway that's if the framing
can be even done today something that
big requires a custom frame so I'm about
to walk over there pick it up see if I
can get a frame
today is the day that I'm figuring out
all my clubs and if I can do it and if I
can not do it or what the situation is
and hopefully getting rid of all of
these boxes let's go pick up this thing
first and then we'll go from there my
foot a tea she'll go back to bed no no
no it's hard to be mad about this
weather it's so hot I'm like sweating in
the sweater so that's not gonna be happy
no I'm not getting allergies my nose has
some boob is it
my teeth are so good yeah I'm okay with
it I don't care where do the crooked is
boogers in my nose is who I am this is
the swear
oh he's act but I'm not complaining I
feel like not wearing makeup in past few
days so like you're my skin needs to
breathe it's all good okay so this print
is huge if you recall downstairs that's
the other one does twice the size and I
just called one framing sponsor like
yeah think about two weeks so they want
me I'm so impatient when I'm excited
about something like I need this
reframed today today look how big this
is hold up yo that's just something they
know they know I know I know
so the old ones down there this is
double the size I just somehow get this
frame and then it's gonna go on this
wall alright let's let's get on it yo yo
yo I don't know if I showed you my
office developments yet let me show you
real quick these dope things on my
garbage and recycling cuz you know I
like colors I'm really excited about the
desk stuff I bought we got this pink LED
lamp all this colorful stuff my tape
dispenser is green my staplers blue I'm
very happy about all this all the stuff
I'm using to make my wall all the things
I printed out I had to a Staples
yesterday and print them one by one
I literally one by one select 100
pictures and I printed them but um this
is how I'm gonna plan on mic Labs right
here after I eat I made myself lunch I
mean myself
curly spicy fries the black bean burger
inside the burger we got cheese we got
chipotle mayo we got ketchup we got
mustard we got spinach we got hummus and
that's pretty much it
let's do it yo yo what's up so the other
day I posted an Instagram picture um
I've officially named my place the
lilypad with help of Cerie
she's said it in the same time with
lilly pads on my place called the lily
pad two L's three hours like s ly p ad
that's right and I post a picture the
other day and it was like what's in the
bowl what's the bowl yogurt strawberries
walnuts even though mom's not here you
have to eat the Betty Jo card okay
that's right uh okay so I just watched a
Swedish teaser for the hands to myself
music video which by the way I love that
song I think it's so sexy and she looks
so freaking upon it I watched it 400
times before you recorded I showed all
my friends and I was like I have the
biggest crush on her I think she's like
I literally think she might be the
most gorgeous woman I don't know I this
is me she looks so good in it she looks
so hot oh my god I do her no you know
what I want I care for her I don't even
want to objectify her like that is that
objectifying though I feel like I'd show
her a good death this conversations
going to bad places right now
look who it is
it's a puppy in the puppy's name is if
you know who this puppy is comment below
also if you know whose dog that was in
the previous clip then you'll know who
is pretty much it my neighbor building
neighbor and if nothing you're gonna
keep waiting um I removed all the boxes
in my place with some help from some
friends ah and so there's no more boxes
I'm very happy about that cuz now I can
see like the full capacity of my place
and all little there's some bags
but that doesn't count I just had some
ice cream I'm drinking some Rockstar and
now I'm about to get to work on some
serious beast mode Tings the airmen oh
yeah your Airmen oh yeah hey yeah me
know yeah or me know your what's up the
times 11:30 p.m. I'm going to make
myself some dinner I'm gonna cook myself
some pasta there's one past I make very
very well and I'll show you what it is
I'm just in the middle of like trying to
figure out my clouds it is Monday I
didn't post a video um I'm still on a
little bit of a Heidi's trying to figure
out my life but I have made the active
decision to basically called Sara knows
like hey it's so late in December 12
clubs is gonna be really hard to do
collabs and generally me really hard to
do and the only way I'm gonna be able to
do them is it's like I literally like is
really really challenging I mean
everyone's help and whatever so I made
an active decision to go ahead and try
to do collabs I'm not saying it's gonna
be 12 I am gonna say I'm gonna try to as
many as I can it's gonna be extremely
difficult to do I don't so third time
saying that but it's just so late and
I'm trying to get like creators and
people my videos we're all so busy
themselves social messes I'm so
last-minute be like hey you want to ask
loud means doesn't be you know
challenging but we're gonna try to do it
and I hope you're happy with whatever
number I can come up with and the reason
I've decided to the clubs honestly is
because it's really difficult for me to
have just done this emotional move and
try to do these clubs but I was like you
honestly I thrive for these challenges
and I feel like that really sets a
precedence for my time in LA like yo if
I can do this
I can pull off some of these collabs and
I can do anything I'm not gonna let the
emotions of the move stop me I have been
a little bit of a hiatus I feel like
this makes up for it so this is my
official announcement to say I'm going
to try my best and I hope you enjoy
whenever I come up with and I am working
day and night from this point on to
bring you some collabs business but
first pasta yo yo what's up alright so
we got this pasty here what it is is a
three cheese pasta in mushroom cream
sauce with red peppers green peppers a
little bit of chunky mushrooms we got
some salt pepper some chili flakes maybe
that was my mouth and on my eyes a whole
take but the point is it's a very
filling pasta it's very dope it's very
yummy I'll teach you how to make it one
day if you're interested in that comment
below and maybe I'll do a cooking with
Lily with a damn passion I'm sure it
goes in pastor guy just slam my knee
into the garbage keeps happening I don't
know if you cooks like the later this
the way not used to a place like I keep
forgetting counters and furnitures then
I can make banging myself and like how
bruises all over my body simply because
I'm walking into furnitures like the
stupidest thing but a headache so I'm
going to sleep um tomorrow I have
tomorrow has a stupidly jam-packed day I
have another addition in the morning so
god knows how that's gonna go um I have
that I have to return exchange my car
because his last day I have the Jeep I
am going to have a meeting
I am I just scratch myself my no my face
is buffing up and hey my face is extra
like raw for lack of better term today
but whatever all natural focus all good
and then after my meeting I have right
I'm shooting a video with a youtuber for
their channel and then I'm shooting a
club for my channel I have the creative
like a 75% gun firm but not really um
damn I know I said it before billion
times gonna be so hard and now I'm
almost like yo what the hell did you
just sign there's a lot for but i'ma try
all it's gonna take is sacrificing sleep
and not that much sleep also sleep a
little bit
I was not so sleep
like sacrificing like sanity maybe then
getting a little bit sleep it's all good
it's all good
um yeah we're in for a wild ride today I
also learned that apparently when you
live on your own you have to like wash
the dishes like all the time I feel like
I make one thing and like 27 dishes get
dirty I can make a sandwich
I like cut a slice of bread and all of a
sudden there's like 17 pots and I'm just
like when did this happen so that's a
thing I'm gonna have to prepare thank
you dream another day we're surviving
we've committed to the collabs and
things are about to get go right right
right no I'm done if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe all right now I
don't know if you're a gambler and if
you're too young to gamble doesn't
matter once you stop what you're doing
place your bets in the comments below
am I gonna be able to do this right now
or final place your bet
