I'm wearing a winter hat in California
how freakin hipster am I good morning I
haven't vlogged in like three whole days
that's because I haven't had Wi-Fi my
apartments like it gives me a little
anxiety to keep vlogging vlogging having
all this footage and not being able to
release it cuz I'm speaking to no one
but today I discovered there's Wi-Fi in
the bottom level a gaming room area
whatever of my apartments I'm gonna go
there and do some work and upload two
vlogs your didn't see my apartment yet
but I guess if you're watching this you
would have seen that because it uploaded
a while ago I've done so much since
those vlogs okay this is the thing I
didn't vlog a lot of stuff that you
probably want to see like building IKEA
furniture furniture shopping all this
crazy stuff and that's because honestly
I'm the type of person that really needs
a solid environment to start working and
so I was just really Kings like rush and
get everything done and I don't want to
vlog because I think I just needed a few
days to be like okay you just need to do
your thing I might get stuff done and
like kind of deal with all the emotions
I was going through so I didn't bother
the past few days I'm sorry but I'll
start vlogging again today I just
finished an audition um I don't know if
it went that well and that's okay I have
come to terms that not all editions are
gonna go well but I don't really know
how to do this stuff so I just need to
keep doing it so I learned also I've
discovered that I need to practice
swearing every night because every time
I have to swear in an audition I sound
like I'm speaking a foreign language so
practice wearing British tradition I'm
gonna head back home to my apartment
home to my apartment home um I have a
call it to account 3 and then the goal
for today is to go to Ikea and buy a
desk I've gone to a billion stores my
whole days have consisted of buying a
billion things making seven hundred
trips to and from my car off to my
apartment to and from my car to my
apartment so uh uh lego alright so let
me show you the updates to my apartment
I'd like to say before I show you this
that there was a lot of IKEA furniture
and I was like dude you should get them
to assembly it's like impossible to
assemble IKEA furniture and I was like
dude I feel like I didn't do it and so I
open all the stuff and two of the items
were like requires two people and I was
like brah can't I something I did
everything by myself the exception of
one thing that I haven't opened yet cuz
I was falling asleep but I'm confident I
can do that as well it everything myself
and make a single mistake friggin killed
it so I can't don't be telling me I need
two people because all you mean is one
epic person okay let me show you what's
up okay you ready ready okay
this is I say so far
do you like it do you like it do you
like it so I got the blue wall okay um
got the blue okay let me turn around and
show you all that actually I do not show
you look excited I'm sorry okay so I got
the couch with the blue thing I picked
this rock ordered online I assemble the
table myself okay note the coordinating
Kleenex box I assembled both of these
yellow chairs myself as well that white
shell I stumbled up myself it's like
this right now because it's not fastened
to the wall yet so I have stuff
surrounding it but um that's what stuff
let me show you my oh my god whistle let
me show you my cute napkin holder and my
mason jar salt pepper and chili flakes
that's right that's what's up that's
what's up what else can I show you I
have food and stuff look at me I got
stuff going on let me show you the
washroom this is what I'm very excited
about okay so for the washrooms and for
that apartment in general my room's a
little bit of a disaster because I still
need to unpack stuff I do as much as I
can every day before I like pass out so
I've been just running around doing a
lot of work to me I was like one trip to
my car was seven I got to go up another
seven times and anyway let me show you
this this is amazing this is my washroom
thus far I was like my washroom I don't
make according to my personality fun and
funky and all that stuff so I actually
found a shower curtain that is the same
image as one of the images from my wall
at home that I make videos in front of
isn't that crazy it's my shower curtain
isn't that dog at the matching this and
my hand towel got these two towels that
match that ish got these pink things
right here got a pink bath towel so this
is my fun washroom and now let me show
you the second washroom the guest one so
I was like okay so sad for me being fun
and wacky and all that stuff what else
is for my personality ah yeah I'm of
Indian descent that's right so this
washrooms theme you know a tribute to my
parents and my heritage is Indian Indian
theme so look at this dope shower
curtain with a matching greenish rug
with a yellow thing with red red and red
that's what's up so this is my second
washroom I'm very excited about more
stuff coming more stuff coming
I love the natural light in my place
this is just natural because the high
ceilings in all that ish um I'm very
proud of myself for picking all the
furniture myself of course I asked with
their opinions and stuff like I picked
the rug I picked the couch to pick
everything and like I'm really good at
this stuff so I'm really proud of myself
I'm now going to as I usually do every
day go through the IKEA stuff and try to
pick a desk my office I want to be very
like like Google and YouTube very bright
very like clean very you know nice
whites and woods and like colors and all
that stuff so I really I feel like I've
done more for my apartment in like three
days and most people do in two weeks
that's because I'm like mean environment
work and mean environment to work and I
can't like work in like some half done
ish so that's what's up can't really go
wrong with the California sunset yummy
yo so I just finished two calls and my
stomach's turning on my period and I
have cramps and all these damn boxes
need to be broken but I'm going I'm just
waiting for that I've learned the hours
of traffic pretty similar to Toronto so
I've learned the hours I don't know
anything I haven't learn anything but I
know 4:30 is like rush hour and a key of
30 minutes away so I wait until like
7:00 to go to Ikea to get a desk in the
meantime I don't unpack from that I
might have unpacked some more of my
clothes possibly eat a cupcake get some
stuff printed so I'm today I'm planning
to put a picture up there it just plant
it is going to be a inks Drake piece
which I got him to modify a little bit
for me and I know I need a picture there
fun fact I decided not to have a TV at
my place because I barely ever watch TVs
I'm not having a TV I made a painting
for there and I brought a painting of an
honor to possibly put right there so
stuff to be done um and hopefully I can
a little bit of office set up by the end
okay because I have them work the do you
mind me
so two things one I wanted to pick a
print the drape picture really big
because as you can see it's a really big
wall I was like it was so dope before
like takes up so much space that I'm
like how the f would I hang that picture
I'm not capable of hanging something
that big there's like stairs there's a
line like you couldn't like use a ladder
type of thing so I printed 25 by 36 is
cool um shoutouts to umin for altering
it for me I'm going to show you right
now what he altered for me second thing
I'm like I gotta go to Ikea desk then
stupid me is like girl how you planning
to carry this desk from your car to your
apartment by yourself and no one here
even if you like I'm conferring I could
assemble it myself but how am I taking
from the car to the apartment like so I
the youtuber friend that lives you know
a little while away from me is actually
out of town so I can't even ask him
that's your first tent if you know any
but anything about who's out of town
that's your first tent um but yeah let
me show you this ish I so check this out
it's the illustration right and this was
great and I'm like you make the CN Tower
blue because it'll match my blue wall
he's not the exact same blue but still
blue accents and it'll make that scene
atomic pop more I got to represent
Toronto I don't put a 6 in here 6 side
this is my tribute to Toronto in my
apartment his Drizzy Drake illustration
I'm a frame it and it's gonna go right
there New Moon's loop oh it took me like
an hour to get here so I to rush
everything me deciding a desk is like
the most indecisive thing everybody
decided on this one um it's so heavy
that dude help me lift it I don't know
how it's going onto my apartment but
we'll see alright so everything's in my
car there's a Walmart that's like 15
minutes away that's open till 11:00 and
I'm like might have to swing by there's
no Walmart close to my apartment so I go
this is the goal every day
get as many things as possible go home
assemble and pack and some blowback next
day repeat okay so I bought this little
contraption that's not that big but it's
helping me carry some stuff there's no
way the desk is I'm thinking like even
if I balance it on it somehow I don't
anything get out of my car we're like
we're gonna try stay tuned
I'm pretty sure this is not gonna happen
but I have to try so I think that's
maybe we have a 71 pounds which is not
like immensely heavy but like actually
as pretty heavy
that's behavior Oh to the elevator I
tied it on the cart unit this cart like
braying SACNAS I do not care not to get
into the elevator
whoo I'm sweating jump run
I really dragged it down the hog pushed
it down the entire hall
whoo Oh for the record I know a lot of
people are gonna be like wine just get
it delivered because let me tell you
something
delivery $79.99 that mother effin cart
$19.99 son son all right not know if
you're a gambler maybe you're too young
to gamble doesn't matter once you stop
what you're doing place your bets in the
comments below
am I gonna be able to do this right now
Oh fine I'll place your bets don't be
sad if you don't think I can do it oh my
god I freaked after me who is that place
your bets general rule of thumb you
usually never wanna bet against me
because I'm stupidly persistent and if I
want to take a 71 pound esque from my
car up to my apartment up the stairs
chances are i'ma do it so just now the
thought occurred to me of why didn't I
just open the box downstairs and then
carry the pieces upstairs although
strong not always the brightest sorry
it's a bit dark apparently lamps yet but
this is definitely a job of ours two
people again how much stuff there is ah
let's see what happens I'm gonna try I
can't do it again
just kidding mother F of course I did a
you got a mother for I'm sorry I'm just
I'm Christ I didn't look at this
extending thing you got here yeah that
was difficult though like I look like I
hit by truck hotels difficult huh that's
it
I'm having a cupcake for dinner I have
absolutely zero grits hominy grits
zero zero no you know I'm not gonna
bother to fix my hair this is who I am
and this is I'm proud I'm proud of
myself and how I look um we've had a
very productive long day I'm going to
head to bed because I was literally
falling sleep on the chair outside like
so I'm going to actually send a few
emails but like I don't have Wi-Fi so
it's a tether off my phone and I was
supposed to up a vlog say but the tether
got my phone is not it doesn't work to
upload vlog so I sent a few emails off
tethering my phone until I passed that
which is probably gonna be an estimated
four point seven seconds um tomorrow my
trunk best to do a vlog somehow when you
Wi-Fi please Wi-Fi Wi-Fi gods please
shine down on me if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe day
three survived if you liked it subscribe
I have no idea what to do cam and target
now and this stuff is extremely
difficult to do alone I have a great new
appreciation for my mom because I am
struggling to buy everything I'm just
like what is this what's the difference
I've been in these stores for hours
being like which witch can't open her
what do I buy like this can opener is
green this one is black are they
different
I don't get it do they open cans
differently
