welcome to your first day living in LA
good morning we just got on the airport
fun fact soon as I got out I saw this
huge pillar that's outside of the Los
Angeles Airport here and instantly a
memory came into my brain the first time
I ever came to LA two years ago in
January I remember leaving and I was
very like I really liked it yes and I
would like interrupt my sentimental
moment 101 ten minutes yeah okay it's
the log look who picked me up to finish
the block what am i me later what up reg
so sweet she's an American now not stop
it not American Canadian lolly came to
but as I was saying this is color and I
remember because I was we were staring
at it and I was like one day the lead
we're going to work hard enough and
you're going
and I forgot about that moment until
right now but I was so I had such an
intense one we're just staring at this
pillar it's like this light thing and I
was like you're gonna move here one day
don't trip you're gonna work and you
gonna move here and the next time I
noticed it was today and we just moved
here so that's kind of cool it's all my
stuff as Susy has helped pick me up he's
so sweet and waiting for us to be to
head over now right now I'm okay I know
tonight will be an emotional wreck but
I'm just trying to deal with the current
situation and that's getting stuff done
so leg up suppose he's also calling the
uber because my car's our dude
what's up saving the day all around
listen her canadian later the work over
here in America what it is haters so I
just signed my lease and now there's
some confusion paperwork's are waiting
to see the flight bus some barons they
had the red carpet they're rolling out
for it's basically what's up yeah and
she's kind of a big deal so they want to
make sure everything kind of that is
happen all of that is incorrect none of
that is Africa I'm sitting here chewing
gum having in my pants are given in yeah
add a muffin I have an a head gum but
I'm gonna outside of um after bite fully
paying image fully that's actually in
friendship side note guys you owe me do
anything I'm so easy they are collab
it's to Paulie for seven days Jim we're
so young
well this is my first ever set of keys
to my first place
I'm vlogging I'm sorry I judging me I
think this is my first ever so cheese to
my first place it's a big deal the big
deal
we're back to our Susie nice friendship
all began this is happening your quality
is so good on your phone oh here's the
like mostly Chipotle ax was first I've
ever had polio tell story bill in times
with with swoozie you started the
addiction and now we're here
I'm gonna take a picture now too so we
might as well as get enough all right
that's a good idea before the food is
all over our face yeah I can't explain
to you the feeling if we put a key in
toward or walk in and being like this is
my place first of all but are you ready
to see my apartment the first time so
there's no much for our church it's the
furniture I rented shut up on IKEA stuff
is coming like a day I still gotta get a
whole bunch of stuff there's nothing in
here there's no toilet paper I'd go pee
I'd use Chipotle napkin photo mochi
we just walked in and I don't know how
to show you I'm scared long uh okay this
is like this is this is this is our new
place team's new for his new place we
walk in here we have the second bedroom
there's a six closet which closets which
is great because I have so much stuff as
you know second bedroom it's got a
balcony over there this is the washroom
so when people like chase tumble and
oceania what my parents come and visit
they can stay there a lot of storage
stuff my new room is here ah got the bed
got a chest thing you are here I got a
walk-in closet Jim very happy about and
more storage space here this is my new
washroom and let me show you the living
area oh my god this friggin weird so
this is my place um this wall was lime
light green and I had them painted blue
so I had a Sara's assistant go and like
I sent her pictures of a blue I wanted
and this was just painted so his very
high windows as you can see all my stuff
is still here this is our dining table
and stuff I tried my best on our two
grabbed a carbide fiber based this is a
kitchen fridge only thing the fridge is
sell some sour cream right now because
totally but there's a lot of natural
light as you can see so very good for
videos and a balcony over here and let
me show you upstairs my favorite part so
we're going to walk up these stairs
okay I hope you all like it I really
like almost hot upstairs oh I think the
heat was on I turned it off um this is
where my office will be so this is where
our new wall will be and my desk will be
here and this little Erin is so cool
because you can might actually sit there
when you go onto this and go there we
like a timeout area so this is our place
this is our new team super video making
space and my new apartment and uh I'm
feeling all types of ways about it have
a lot of things to do I'm trying to do
as much as possible in one day as I can
echo ha
definitely will need a mic in here so
prior to arriving I had a whole game
plan of what I'm gonna do I had all
these lists and what I want to do first
and second and now I've been sitting
here having no idea what to do no - mais
this matter right now I'm sorry this
echoey the place is echoey so none of my
lists matter right now and none of my
plans matter cuz I'm sitting here being
like what do i do what do i do first do
I go to Ikea first like he has 40
minutes away do I get toiletries first
do I play what do I would weigh mom what
do I do
I don't know what to do
yo so just pulled up at IKEA I'm so
tired it is 5 p.m. I'm I just realized
sleep last night I slept on the plate a
little bit but I was in the middle seat
and there's two people talking did I
tell you this and I remember there's two
ladies talking as if I didn't exist in
the middle there were friends but I
didn't want sex - Debbie's I was
invisible - like my mind I'm like in the
middle so I got very little sleep some
very tired but I'm gonna power through
the psyche a trip leg up I've never been
so overwhelmed in my entire life I have
no idea what to do
cam and target now and this stuff is
extremely difficult to do alone I have a
great new appreciation for my mom
because I am struggling to buy
everything I'm just like what is this
what's the difference I've been in these
stores for hours being like which-which
can't open and wet do it by like this
can opener is green this one is black
are they different
I don't get it do they open cans
differently I don't get it like mom
you're the real MVP yo I'm struggling
right now also doing it alone like
there's only so much stuff I can carry
to my car so much stuff I can like put
in one card so it's like very difficult
alone Oh
hectic misc about all the hangers and
Pablo still need more hangers and my
throat is dry and I wish I'd a clone
yeah okay oh my god I just had a moment
I was shopping at Target and I saw this
thing like this little mug holder thing
I said Los Angeles and I'm like so weird
why is there a Los Angeles mug holder in
Toronto I'm about to make my fourth trip
to the car I just did three on my
hoverboard and not battery's dead and I
think just gonna take me three more
trips seven trips to the car fun ah okay
everything's out of my car good news is
in these seven trips I met a lot of
people for my building and including my
neighbor and they'll really nice so
that's cool I'm gonna unpack a little
bit coq10 my head is throbbing to eat oh
so many things he died bad
all right the time was like 12:00 1:00
it's something like that I'm so tired
um it's actually four in Toronto so I'm
selling that time I'm gonna shower
because my head is throbbing wash my
hair in my shower I don't have a shower
curtain for yet so mostly a lot works
I'm gonna sleep I got enough stuff to
survive a night I mean I have a blanket
a fitted thing I didn't put the cover on
the blanket yet like the duvet yet but
it's fine and yeah I didn't really
unpack any of my stuff but I unpacked
some kitchen stuff and like you're doing
this is like I said before doing this
alone is hard not because I gets tired
but because like seven trips to the car
and like everything is so happy and it's
just like ah other than that I'm dig
shower and then speak to then first of
all how cool is my new pink towel also
is 12-18 I'm so tired
I gotta go to bed day one in our
apartment um I feel like I'm too I was
too tired and had too much stuff to do
to even take him what was happening um
and I was like are you excited excited
realistic answer right now is no I will
be in like a week but I'm still feeling
very much so like sad and I miss my mom
and I miss my house and I miss my room
but at all you know get better with time
but it was a great first day
or super productive and run this
together tomorrow day - if also I have
no Wi-Fi so you can't see this Intel oh
my god what is go up what am I getting a
little reaction if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe if you like it
yeah bye room never gonna forget you and
you're always gonna be my room
