so clearly I did not wake up like this
today is you to rewind you and I'm
speaking to you from the past because by
the time you're seeing this is probably
like two months from now right two
months now so hopefully at this time I
have abs or I've made some great life
decisions that make you look different
from now but we're shooting from the
past and I keep up ting top secret so
I'll take you through the day but you'll
see this two months from now
so hello future YouTube rewind let's do
it all so hopefully she's still there in
my future as well um where else really
things I like okay so get this I have
the honor and privilege of opening
youtube rewind here and I'm really
excited and also really nervous because
I'm like run and jump and you know my
ability to run and jump over that high
but it's really cool for on this barge
although this see and the Brandon I
welcome back to LA we here so it's like
a ball pit with YouTube logos and I need
to jump into that and they never reset
it every time I jump into it king and
con are already in there I'm so excited
I'm so much right in the middle of the
sea like it's just what I'm in middle is
he technically movie oh yeah oh I'm
gonna see one I'm really excited
a king and Conaway my second time on a
boat in the last week what do I think my
life is exciting robot to head out into
the water in the middle to shoot the
seed and I'm really excited about it
most like really humbled and honored and
we'll talk about that later well this is
gonna be exciting as if it's so hot and
I gotta wear a leather jacket and do
bunch of stuff and I got a jump and you
already know I can't jump for grabs ohh
mmm
so hello future self basically I just
did as I was in front of this black
thing and I had to dance and they're
gonna turn to like a cool skeleton thing
seem really really dope
pledget I just want to do a really good
job I'm trying really hard basically
what's happening so windy that all balls
are flying over board no words are you
planning to the rest of the alternate
like catch me put it back here what's
blue can you even hear me how amazing it
is
um some real talk we're almost done I
did the last jumping monitor no spring
it's
I used to watch me write all the time I
still do know someone's apartment last
was the first time everyone to be part
of it I was putting on pants thing and I
was so happy I was in flip one second I
was over the moon so humble and grateful
that I've been rewind like that's a
really huge deal to me it's something
that feels like a great accomplishments
all thanks to all of you for supporting
me and for due to for believing in me
and just it's been crazy like a I'm so
honored and so grateful and I know what
you're thinking the second about so
grateful and I hope you've been here
because I know the wind is really loud
but I'm so so so grateful and I just
hope I do justice I just want to make
people smile Jake Jake Jake good
oh you're second row okay so what do we
have to gather that you'll make it
better I'm gonna like doing a lot of
matters that I probably shouldn't eat I
don't know that this law is going to be
released in the future okay to answer so
maybe I here okay amazing I'm going to
get job
how do good job he's on a boat it's
gonna be awesome we gonna head this
guy's here just got this guy's all these
are here
we're having a good time it's a good
thing Suns in my eyeballs whatever is
you show them develop it I did okay no
it's because we feel about it on the
book I know it's one of those things
where you instantly added on your bucket
list across not right away because your
brain can't think of these situations
yeah ah so we are wrap for the day right
out golden out of this yes and I'm
reckon Vincent to let me jump with this
ball for one more time with a la guerra
so let's go back though pretty no no
jump in the ball pit yeah we got you
ready everybody
Rams gonna jump in hopefully not like
that business oh man okay
please got is that I let me jump in let
me jump in okay ready go rebel reward I
highly suggest everyone do that so we're
still in the ball pit we decided we're
checking chill until we get back close
beautiful sunset
I'm good I can't get a bucket you know I
think I was part of why I'm now part of
my identities Canada colors but by the
time you're watching this I'd pop by the
time you're watching this I probably
live in LA now I know you'd be watching
this in the future so it won't make
sense but this is really the fourth day
in a row meeting to pull a that's how
you wrap a shoot go oh my god I just had
the best massage of my entire life I'm
gonna head to bed now
hello future people this is kind of
weird maybe on my vlog Channel right now
I've changed my camera I'm doing things
differently or who knows where I'll
being what's happening two months from
now but welcome to this trip back to the
past um thanks for joining me on this
day YouTube rewind was dope as up and
I'm so glad you got to experience it
with me and I say this footage so if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe and
hopefully that's still my ending I don't
think she's still killer I mean I
haven't gotten like that but we're okay
okay we were gonna see the safe word is
pineapple pineapple Sandow but I say
pineapple
