weird shadow on my chin stop now yo I am
headed to another audition this morning
wish me luck whatever my goal is to walk
in there and learn one new thing so as
long as I do that I am golden and then
I'm gonna head back
I am currently getting Wi-Fi in my place
when someone works as Sarah's in my
apartment to wait for the Wi-Fi guide
I'm getting Wi-Fi I could be more
excited about it but I'm going to go
ahead to suggestion and that's when my
eyeliner is like semi on fleek
questionable fleetness and then I'll
have a jacket that okay I'm finished I
have no idea how it went
here's hoping for the best but let's
just point out that I'm wearing
sleeveless shirt as December and it's
sunny and hot um honestly I didn't just
go so quick and I'm not really good at
gauging how they go you think I've
auditioned somebody able say oh well to
go to went bad I don't really have an
idea because it goes so quickly
um can I cross how does this work I'm
crossing um yeah I really have an idea
how things go so I'm hoping it went well
I learned something new for sure though
I learned like what the environment is
like that was good so that's a win for
me at the W because I learned something
new and now I'm going to go exchange my
car and hopefully have Wi-Fi so that's
all good yo so my guys here he's gonna
be setting up Wi-Fi I'm so excited to
get Wi-Fi and what arrived in the mail
is my hard drive
my parents overnighted it here and I was
like I don't care how much it costs just
get it here
I can't proof I forgot it's my most
important Drive always the first thing I
packed it was really strange I forgot it
so I have that all is going well this
morning today I'm shooting a bunch of
claps today I kind of I'm a little
stressed because I'm not as prepared as
I usually am so I need to do that right
now I need to eat and then we have a
busy busy busy busy day I just switched
my car as well so and well no longer
have the Jeep so ain't no more buying
desks and big things no more nice yo yo
what's up so I'm having a busy day
that's like much later it is three four
five thirty-nine and I might sue my
first club which I'm stressed about
because have that happens like over like
being so critical like this far enough
it's not good enough to better do but do
better so finalizing the script
Ricky is gonna come over because I'm
sure do something for his channel first
and then clap I have in mind is myself
so it's a really cool group of people
that I don't think ever collaborated
before it's like sighs me it's myself
Ricky Suzy and dress choice and Kingsley
we're all doing a video together that
I'm writing right now expectations was
reality's friend
expectations vs. reality friends so
that's one thing going on this in my
first club and Sarah's gonna come she
might bring Sharlene should I bring a
whole bunch of people so hopefully it's
gonna be a thing first Club I'm kind of
nervous I don't know why I think I've
never made a video before I don't know I
just really want to be good I guess
so these people in my clap for today
King Ricky Andrea says first time
meeting her I'm trying to figure out
she's a serial killer or not stay tuned
Suzy and we're doing expectations vs.
reality for friends and the issue is
that Ricky so white and Kingsley so
black and I don't know how to shoot them
both insane brim so if one of them
doesn't look like they're in the frame
they're they're just like tilt your
screen in the right direction and you'll
see enough that's what's happening yo we
just finish our vlog right now did you
as a friend so much so it's literally
coming out tomorrow tomorrow that Turner
that's my rock on go on cover tomorrow
and I hope you guys like it I think they
did all did really well I picked the
perfect people for this cloud they all
get nailed it I did my own I got a
Grammy we're gonna get ya and I don't
think she's doing killer I mean I
haven't gotten like that but we're okay
okay we were gonna say the safe word is
pineapple if I say pineapple and album I
say pineapple when all its so good as
ever so good yo yo yo everybody left and
I'm mad tired but I got so much more
stuff to shoot for this club for
tomorrow um just expectations versus
friends start expectations vs. reality
friends and there's a whole bunch of
parts that I gotta do by myself and
shoot which means I gotta forgot how to
use my mic because my apartments very
echoey and then there's one part I'm
gonna bug Yusef to do there's one line
that I want him to do buddy yeah just
what I'm trying to do it I'm just
looking at this one leg I'm gonna power
through though I'm gonna power through
first collab I committed to this let's
do it
No something fishy's gonna show you who
my neighbor is um cuz he looks so good
today and so I thought you have to see
here today that could it what's up man
oh look at that Oh so guys we live in
the same building and use a couple my
gross news the other day you so nice
believe that I live right next to her
like not right next that's alive
he doesn't original right next we're in
the same building yes that's not right
couple floors doesn't matter
I'm the floors all talk okay okay
as I'm gonna play the doggies all the
time actually ready figured another
yesterday they saw your staircase is the
same as useless circuit yeah no the dogs
guys little puppy to do need your
popular love puppies mmm all right
moment of truth this is a very important
thing that's about to happen I'm gonna
try to make popcorn without a popcorn
button now you might be thinking that's
ridiculous you're being so dramatic how
hard could be people have bigger
problems and to you I say stop being
racist and I don't know I don't know how
much to do this at what does this mean
to two and a half raised to half all
right well I'm just letting everybody
know that if this doesn't work and I
can't make popcorn effectively with out
of popcorn button I'm gonna have to move
so take this tray out and hope for the
best that sizzle dough it's still kind
of popping moment of truth tada
okay it seems I can live in this place I
don't have to move wait wait I don't
have to move
so my mom FedEx me my hard drives and I
got it back so I'm good to go with my
hard drive I am just oh there's my
colorful bra over there I took it off
now I take off bras like instantly
instantly I am editing a blog posting it
my wife I went down which is ridiculous
I just like today but it seems there's
some like emergency maintenance going on
I hope it doesn't last much longer but
um then I'm gonna edit this club and
then I'm gonna think of some more
collabs and try to get it done the time
is 103 a.m. and the night is young Oh
226 am going strong for getting am
wearing eyeliner and I keep rubbing my
eye but that's besides the point
yo yo so the time is 347 am I'm kind of
done there's a few things I want to
revisit tomorrow morning because the
audio like it's tough here there's an
echo in this apartment we did use a mic
but there's still an echo at some parts
and I don't really know how to figure it
out um so I just have to deal with it
for this video but I'm gonna work on
that and see what I can do but there's
some sound effects and things I want to
add tomorrow and I want to revisit it in
the morning to see if it's actually good
because right now I'm so sleepy where
it's like I can't tell the difference
anymore but so far so good I think they
did such a good job in the video like
baby I'm so glad I picked I picked this
video cuz they all did such a good job
so excited if you see it oh my god every
single night when I go to bed I'm like
exhausted like I can't wait for my head
to pillow and this light so convenient
this little I love it um so tired it's
like 4:00 a.m. uh pretty much done
editing yay I'm gonna finalize it
tomorrow I'm like dad and this is only
collab one I know I didn't say like I
might not do 12 and it's fine on my do
10 in my day but still this is collab
one and I'm dead um today was a good day
uh manager for the first time she's
great I had so much fun shooting with
them and I was so wonderful and I had
Wi-Fi today it was down for just a few
minutes and I was back up but I had
Wi-Fi is that was good I felt so much
more connected and same so that's cool
we head to bed tomorrow is I'm shooting
another club I'm not telling you with
who yet I don't have an idea for them
yet so oh other when do I wake up
tomorrow and I think tomorrow for most
of damn just like
pump up the ideas and try to confirm the
rest of clubs I'm shooting one tomorrow
and on Thursday I'm trying to shoot two
so as you can tell they're not like
collabs it's like hey come over let's do
this I'm trying to like get combinations
with people that I've never collaborated
before and things that are really
interesting and things that we've never
done ever you've never seen that's what
I'm trying to do so I'll be like them
I'm releasing the H bar and it's
Wednesday
sober Wednesday if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe don't like it
subscribe yeah I was in the shower and
what do i do i do I don't know like I
know the fireman
