with a vlog on my phone today so I
thought I would save you from blurry
vlog today because my bought camera
saying Gloria and blurrier so I'm gonna
vlog on my phone don't know how quality
on these my new phone so hopefully
should be good but it's a little shaky
and off the shy I apologize look I'm
watching how is this okay and is just
ridiculous today's exciting I just had a
really long conference call and I'm
headed to the Raptors game for his drink
night and Drizzy gonna be there and the
Raptors are playing it's my boys you
know so we're headed there it's eventful
everything's going great lollies all up
in full football oh this this lolly 2.0
lolly anthem lolly in a bag of chips
star finale um also shaky I'm sorry yeah
I'm gonna take a shower and came back T
yo so I head to the game yeah Raptors
game away man Raptors Jersey Emma Oh
rose who knows maybe gonna get Drake to
sign them uh uh wishful thinking ahead
there right now in such a rush cuz my
call when the thirty mins over and like
my hair as I call whatever but like
whatever I'll go there take out my hair
hopefully do this and hope it's gonna
fall as that's the plan does it do do
every morning right it was exactly same
thing with the beard yeah so inside I'm
with Emily we're with ms Ellie live so
they're the ones that hooked up this
whole thing to do Lido and
so we're headed in here and some job and
Emily taken care of us and I'm excited
Oh yo actually
so they recreated the hotline bling'
music videos really don't check it out
it's a new strategy video
right now
so we're headed courtside to do some
blogger blogs is the stadium which thing
is happening
really don't miss really dog Toronto my
pride and joy you know I feel I don't
know where look because I'm not use just
long ever was everything NAB Superman
bachi is it who you never miss a single
game
no mr. gaming bunny you see has dad also
we're not even bigger I was that girl
the game to old never missed a game in
20 years quartzite players are warming
up may be privileged before side I'm
wearing Valanciunas Jersey John Madden
before he's a sweetheart
so Lithuania fun fact and on every seat
is a drag slasher you know be a slasher
so this is it trivia which video did we
shoot right here comment below
pause comment below and let me tell you
five four three two one IV i v-i right
there send a quarter if you remember we
shot it right here I'll be at the end of
the camera flies away that's what's up
hey fam
this place will be packed I'm pretty
sure
great night
free stuff all the Basie's are like a
No
to where
the writers are
twice
so sad I had to wear these outside I was
like looking like this
so where else had the share club which
is according to Emily
Drake like official lounge outer
catheter it like super exclusive it's
what I'm saying
mommy
my baby she love you
first quarters done 5:25
maybe really good popcorn
so just exit the share club just call me
my beard just actually share club I just
met Drake's mom and she's a sweetheart
and she's the cutest most adorable most
weak human being ever and I was like
they're so adorable she's very cute i'm
entering smell and drink is made a toast
to where they're just kinda cool I'm
cool dracomon handshake
forgive me Angie your humble handshake
the beard saw the beard is nothing so
sweet I look now we're heading to the
locker room I think let's go just five
minutes left
I won't win you right now anyone 84
we're winning by live employee and the
energy is crazy in here crazy
yo yo yo what's up so did a good time I
don't want the Raptors late so well we
killed it the energy was dope I'm sorry
I keep this whole vlog consistent me
looking this way because I don't know
what it look what we look there um we
where are you looking
no no what I look good but um we were in
the same room was drinking made a toast
we're right next time and I have this
thing I won't talk Mini rank right now I
tell so home a long time is and I've
mentioned Selena Gomez I refuse to meet
people on my family in situations like
that I never want to meet someone at a
party where I quickly meet them like hey
what's up cool like we can have
conversation so even though he was
standing right there like no I don't
want to meet him like this I don't we
was I want to meet people like how I met
Toledo no we do have a mutual friend the
guy who runs a BB Scott fais le their
mutual friend and he's like super doper
like I don't want to meet Drake in a
party I don't want to meet any person
not even taking any personal foul no I
want to meet you at a party you don't
scream in the ears
you really hey yeah no no you know I
want to meet people isn't run with you
all went up conversation so I can tell
you what you mean like I've everybody
Drake I can say dude thank you so much
for making my job a little bit easier
cuz I never have to explain what Toronto
is any more like you're not trying on Oh
which you don't realize this before
Drake and miss Carter
hmm nobody knew what Rana was were once
at all Drake really helps my life
because like we was a Toronto they go
true like they know worth that and I'm
looking really really Toronto pride and
you mentioned scarf or all the time
scarborough's the neighborhood I grew up
in so like I want to like tell him when
dude mad respect that so I never wanted
me to in a situation like hey cool let's
take a selfie like I'm not about that
but Wednesday room is him right beside
him at his mom's mom sweet Raptors one
there's a dope day also the shoes many
people complimented my shoes
the ovios I stepped on the month and was
almost morels almost murdered yeah now
McComas come with two special stall
alright it's my new bird yeah yo so you
back home now I'm editing a vlog but to
do some work I've been procrastinating a
lot of work like renting my furniture I
have it all like knocked out exactly
what I want but I haven't like clicked
rent and they financed it so all
to do it is 12 so the night is still
young still many hours of work that can
be done humbles here what are you
working on I am preparing myself as 400
humble is doing a free show tomorrow
tell us about it
I'm ready free children and there you go
no to celebrate my second book I'm
throwing a free show and its local
before metropolis I'm fighting all my
friends and family and anybody else who
wants to come just a straight free show
that anyway I walk into and it's gonna
be a lot of fun that's really really
dope and I might be you know doing a
little surprise appearance and I'm
saying I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying
so that's what we're doing tomorrow but
right now we are working yo was I was
supposed to click Submit on my furniture
rental but I just want to ask my sister
for one please advise so I'm posting one
more day until tomorrow which kids
tomorrow for sure I will do it I have to
do it and then I gotta like arrange the
whole van situation so Suzy can pick me
up so that's the plan it's like 2:30
a.m. I'm gonna wash my face and head to
bed today was dope I got to go to I
don't know if I mentioned this in the
vlog I got to go inside the Raptors
locker room it was dope and I got to
like picked up one of Valanciunas he's
like the retail line rappers issues size
17 7 team it's like this big issue super
super cool day super inspirational
tomorrow is humble show and I'm going to
be a special guest that show and
surprise people on stage and perform and
tomorrow's video day and I'm going to
release a video and you I need to like
start packing I have a started packing I
don't know who I think I am it's like a
lot of things I'm letting linger and I
think cuz my brain just like slowly
being like you need to do this again
procrastinator like be an adult sign so
yeah I put on the Drake shirt once got
makeup on and I'm like and to wash that
issue but i'ma head to bed thank you for
joining me on another day how many days
are we what is the date today the 6th is
the 6th to the 26th day and I think the
26 right play 6 that would make it 5
days and tell we move
five days until we move we're in this
together
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe subscribe
whatup nom blurry vlog so Rick is making
us for dessert a Nutella samosa with ice
cream ahh oh my god oh my god oh my gosh
the dough oh my god oh my dog the dog
bed I know
