I wish I could open my camera up right
now and be like what's wrong with the ow
are you drunk
good morning I'm wearing my LF t and t
sweater that one of you lovelies bought
me i did a vlog yesterday but it's okay
because i'm one block behind so
yesterday i did a lot of really adult
things i booked a one-way ticket to LA
and I was like hyperventilating but I
did it I switched my phone so now my new
phone is a rose gold iPhone 6 so I was
met I was able to do those two things
but I didn't make a video yesterday it's
kind of because like I'm not being as
productive as I usually am cuz I'm in
this state of like what's happening like
I'm in this funk of not comprehending my
life right now so I apologize and I post
a status basically saying you know if
I'd miss a video or two of that oh the
next two weeks my life is turning upside
down so please forgive me if I kind of
miss videos here and there and I'm not
so you know on top of my yesh I'm gonna
make myself some breakfast and then I
should probably start packing or
something since there's 7 days until I
leave I'm gonna go hover my way into the
kitchen who says unicorns don't fly
unicorns don't exist
yeah just Ted - yo - yo Oh actually
didn't mention this to you and I'm gonna
tell you half of it you leave you
guessing a little bit but on one of the
days I didn't vlog in LA I went to go
take pictures of my apartment which I
haven't shown you yet because I want to
show you what I actually move in there
and give you a proper tour and stuff on
that no I'm like a really bad at de
coeur it's not one of my talents cheerio
so like I've been really struggling to
pick up furniture I'm renting someone
buying somebody I tried my best you know
I like colorful stuff it might be kind
of like colorful rainbow unicorn but
like that's what I like what was I
saying again
right so when I was going to take
pictures as I was walking into the
building I think I went through a
different entrance this time when I was
like the humble dude is this my place
and he's like yeah I'm like okay this
looks really familiar
I got inside and realized that I've been
to this apartment before to collab with
one of my YouTube friends
so after texting them and calling them I
was like hey I'm in your building they
then came down and I discovered I am now
neighbors with this YouTube creator who
is my friend like a few we literally
like our neighbors like as in like we
live like within a couple steps away
from each other
in the same building I'm not gonna tell
you who it is I'm not gonna tell you it
is gonna be surprised you can have to
wait you can guess my commenting below
but yeah what do I YouTube friends I'll
give you a hint
should I give you a hint actually no
I'll give you a hint as we move closer
but yeah so I'm now friends I mean
neighbours was on my each offense hey
also as I mentioned King is gonna be in
New York when I move so he can't pick me
up I bet it was basically looking for
someone with a jeep and you know who's
free that day so Suzie has agreed to
pick you up from the airport rent a van
for me all that stuff so house who's
gonna pick me up and ride or die
he said ride or die so hopefully he
means that I'm not trying it their time
will tell maybe if I just smile enough
on my hoverboard I'll believe that
there's no stress this is like this you
know okay so I just spent the last hour
to do everything in my power to make
sure that my move goes smoothly in terms
of the actual like traveling part so I
called
yes it's an Air Canada flight I called
when I was like I just want to confirm
after 18 minutes on hold just want to
confirm that if I have like six bags and
I pay the extra costs there's no way you
can tell me you won't let six bags on
the plane right she's like yeah there's
no limit we just have to come two hours
so I'm confirmed there's no limit so now
if I go there and they give me a hard
time I'm half to freaking turn into
mother effin like some horrible person I
got someone in LA to buy the paint color
I wanted it call the apartment said what
are the dimensions of that wall she's
gonna go deliver the paint to that
apartment now I confirmed that's all
good so my accent wall will be painted
so my accent wall will be painted so I
did that then I also hired a porter
service at the airport because I'm alone
I'll have so many bags I have to go
through customs with my bag and I can't
push that many carts and stuff alone so
I'm like hired a porter man you will
help me go through security there is no
way I don't have a stressful travel I'm
doing everything in my power to ensure
that doesn't happen because one person
and like six bags is a little bit hard
but I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it okay
so I'm making some decisions here
sorry about that basically I'm being
sent pictures of paint colors and all
this it's hard to detect like exactly
the color
through a phone screen so like I'm
trying to go back and forth and be like
a little less screen a little more blue
little is this so it's like I do a bit
difficult but I'm making some decisions
obviously this wall has to come with me
right but I think it's stupid for me to
take this all down and recreate it there
I think I should make a new wall because
when I come back like holidays and stuff
I'm gonna need a wall here as well on
top of that one thing that's not great
about this wall is faces so my camera
does auto focus on faces so sometimes
it'll focus on this space and like his
face and not mine so I'm thinking about
recreating a similar wall and when you
place just gonna be kind of fun I guess
I should start elective pictures now
because that the place I have actually
an office so it'll be much bigger
basically you I'm checking my p.o box
for the second last time as I said
before December 1st 19th at remember
30th his last time when I check kids so
everything after that I will not receive
so just public service announcement
November 30th is the last time I'll
check it and then it's gone so this is
Nisan he's my PA box guy for so many
years he's been give me my milk and he
must've been the end of an era
what parting ways you know that's nice
knowing you thank you so much man thank
you
hopefully Christmas holidays I'll come
back yes of course is it so I just
picked up like five more boxes ask me
where they're gonna go because I don't
know yeah that's one chapter closed it's
emotional but I'm trying to also
remember that success lies outside of
your comfort zone so as much is this
gonna be hard and be difficult like this
is good this is a good thing that's
happening and I always believe that
uncomfortable scary situations build you
up to be you know a greater person so
we're in this together
also I don't remember I told you where
I'm going I'm headed to Rick's house he
invited me over for dinner
my Chase is coming humble might drop by
as well so have a nice friends dinner
don't play someone a plate deal and
quality time quality with the cake I
could only be in one place we're inside
the factory of risk goods and he's
making us dinner
and fancy drinks rigged wanna break us
through run and see what you're making
here going-away dinner for you so I know
you like mac and cheese so got three
toes of cheese this is uh Punjabi
bruschetta
okay it's a take on burchett up opened
up your flavors nice I don't know if you
ever tried that cause the panko for the
top of the mac and cheese don't know
what that is yeah and then jokes making
Bank was actually a Japanese bread calm
so you know when you tempura nice
dessert oh my god what bit of it
contains Nutella
that's all music okay I tell me not the
best friends in the world I think
collectively baldasar the best friends
in the entire world so there's not to
come with me all of them are you okay I
think so
we'll talk about it part so we can joke
on me again they're so sweet they buy
all these Canada themed things like
reading socks and hot water needy the
hot water bond for those needed okay and
this campfire to North cuz True North
strong and a stool and everything and
come on Kenda thinks and just to confirm
I'm never gonna stop being Canadian
everyone's all psycho was returning
American I'm like nah nah rider died
Canada six that's what's up welcome to
Rick's good eats with Superman
commentary where i commentate on things
incorrectly and no one is gonna say
anything about it so here we have funnel
cake dough funnel cake batter
funnel cake batter that we're gonna use
to make mac and cheese the reason why is
actually historically mac and cheese was
created by pastry chefs yes and yeah
mister funnel mister yes mister for the
same person that i went to the one for
the car yes and he made mac and cheese
like this and so now in tribute to him
because it's his birthday we are going
to create the same back and easier today
yes this is specially imported cheese
yes from the town funnel yes this is
where they make the car is to you right
yes
no I meant the final score cars oh
because you thought I thought photo was
a car okay
I meant finals no there is a car named
Plano you should buy it when you Benelli
you've gone all going to have to Google
that's because I'm not sure if he's
liking young
yum-yum-yum-yum-yum mac and cheese and
punjabi bruschetta and rick and joy and
humble and shades over there way humble
I just posted my picture because humble
beat me a monopoly deal you can read the
caption to see the facts about to play
again a little bit and I don't think
that he's gonna beat me again because we
can't hear you all the way over there
from a hundred thousand subs so so guess
what Rick is making us a dessert a
Nutella samosa with ice cream oh my gosh
oh so you play two games chase on the
first one joke born the second one and
none of us have won any other games but
it's like way different with six people
six of us yeah so different so I just
won twice in a row he's really upset
about it he's won once to be fair he's
one wants to be fair and it's late so
trapped and I'm sleepy and the rooms a
disaster and various reasons I'm so nice
spending so much time with Rick and Jose
and I'm not doing it we're not doing it
today it was it was nice to spend time
with them and I'm very happy and
grateful I have them in my life they're
awesome so I'm active it thanks for
joining me another day and tomorrow is
another day that's that's how this works
right
the day after a day yeah that's right if
you like it subscribe you can record
subscribe know it a drink'll like the
picture Padre followed me on instagram
I've ever had
but hey but hotline bling say work
