I can very poor eating rainbow realities
one of my plays in London finding
there's a we have a heart or what the f
is happening why don't look so damn good
first of all I'm wearing roller skates
I'm at a shoot right now I can tell you
for why although if you stock enough
you'll probably figure out what it is
why I'm super excited because I gotta be
roller skating do I know how I'm not
really kind on me on the money at the
floor here's a mission for today you do
the shoot have a fitting take a nap go
to my happy place who's the me knows by
some creatives get down out of here but
first let me show you this cream as
actual I'm side to side give us the
steps put on skis
lighter than they're useful
okay so coolest thing ever I have to do
some like close-up stuff on my face but
it's always so difficult when you have a
mirror in front of a camera right so
this camera
they put a mirror in front of the lens
they can still see me through it so I
can completely see myself and they can
see me I need this in my life for all my
videos she's moving forward Megan out
when you sit alone at lunch when you
have no friends so you pretend to text
friends and Carolyn cam constantly
hiding how would you describe your
experience working with me Ashley no
pressure
pleasurable really
my skin
hydration as well anyone else
Rene palatalization oh god such a good
liar how would you explain my hair loss
to your whole can you misspelled luxury
so my other agent Jamie this is Jamie
Jamie's at least opening your eyes
what's wrong people know you have a face
hey red is 130 I feel like it's 8 p.m.
I'm so disoriented right now but now I'm
heading home to go to a fitting so let's
do that buffers
Superboy teaming up and now we're going
to some sick awesome places literally
called the happy place it's meant to be
the survives and you think I suppose
this excuse II was like cool exhibits
and struck will see just as a basic home
environment basically means a gray
circle Instagram pictures let's go
happen where it was the reflector mmm
I'm eating your food I can't talk
makes the cocoa shoes and M&Ms
No
are you and your happy pipe in a
confetti pouring rainbow grill tea and
blue and green and yellow
mrs. Realty
what are you eating now a popsicle isn't
a popsicle and an S it's a white
popsicle mate and I asked was no change
to fill up my mouth ever L doesn't like
the baby was and she said something so
but I think it is waiting
sometimes with little affection and
magic things contribute Oh
oh just wash my hair give me the points
I've been up for almost 24 hours now it
was 1:00 a.m. what about for 20 M I'm
going to go to sleep I'm so tired and it
is making me emo because I'm so tired
and I don't have the strength to be
resilient
I guess the things that are coming my
way right now so awkward about let's see
how we did today
Lily I am headed to bed tomorrow I got a
kind of easy day I'm gonna sleep in a
little bit because I really really need
it I have nothing clever to say right
now I'm just very tired as you could
hear in my voice I'm going to hug myself
and go to sleep and that's what's going
to happen because that's what happens
when you are sleeping alone so until
tomorrow if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
oh happy place place was so cool uh you
know I'm like having a rough evening and
I'm sorry I forgot to spend time with
all these cool people at the had place
it was really cool I'm having a rough
time just like I think I'm tired I have
a lot of work to do I'm a little
overwhelmed but I'm gonna wake up
tomorrow if I my real happy place right
here so stay tuned
