it's time to pack it is too active leave
at 5 a.m. in the morning I have not
started packing yet for moving Evans are
packing it to move who do I think I am
right now I just had an interview I'm
gonna post a vlog and then I'm gonna
start packing then I'm actually gonna
post a video to my main channel cuz I
realize there's so many people my main
channel have no idea of moving and so
the public wise and she posted a video
and a week and a half so I'm gonna do
that it's not gonna be funny or anything
just me but I'm moving never aurochs
crap crab that's pretty much that Chase
is downstairs and no she's gonna come in
a little bit a lot a lot of work to do
so let's do this we can do this we're
team also none of you are here to help
me but virtual team the chaos has
started small these here helping
everything's waiting to pile of my goal
is 6 check bags taste is here being very
helpful I have a feeling you're gonna
home go home with a lot of free stuff
today that I do not take good please so
that would be how I pay you for your
friendship
ok so I'm not even halfway done going to
my closet and this is the tapak pile the
shoes thus far I know my snapback school
I know my snapback since she was going
to take at least one suitcase lolly is
clearly coming with us today umm so 6 is
the goal okay we're now organizing the
pile into shirts pants jackets sweaters
to make sure matching a thousand things
I don't need a pile maytee maytee
mom and chase are holding it down looks
like a tornado went through the house
and I'm just adding to the pile that's
my job adding to the pile taste loves it
I have so much stuff unpacking sewing ok
I Jax just made a video to announce on
my main channel that I'm moving because
I realized people don't watch my vlogs
they have no idea that I'm moving so I'm
uploading that right now um I got a lot
of boxes full the places in utter chaos
the situation right now
I'm just finding suitcases full of
clothes so this box is pretty good well
this box is still empty that's good
second box is full and then I'm going to
use a husky from tour from my camera
equipment and stuff like that
I'm taking my hoverboard with me love's
like the go mess right now
my equipment box getting packed Chase is
doing the tetris game working great
process actually for one day pack
everyone's really helping me that's why
it's getting dead my mom is being an OG
she's there nice this is you have shy
jewelry makeup for Hara what they're
happening got a lot of stuff to donate a
lot of stuff to throw away what is
happening is happening I can't find my
memory card case that's also concerned
right now but ain't happening
so after I've packed six boxes of stuff
let me show you my closet it's still
completely full
like completely fold there's still two
baskets of wrong tree okay dat sound
ends my situation is after six bags so
basically this is shoes and snapbacks
my computer's gonna go in there you know
Carson with me this suitcases full of
clothes not coming with me it's just
full of clothes I'm donating like so
much as well thought of three boxes here
or bit stressed because the tapes not to
like I lied you're da man saw my under
ends up on the conveyor belt
that's upon building that's impossible
magic it's time to go to the airport
loading up the cars and my room is kind
of clean the bright side so that's
that's a thing
pyro I'm never gonna forget you and
you're always gonna be my room always
gonna be my room
no matter what
those computer wrapped up style thing
so I've just been informed that
anything's over 30 2 kgs I can't take
it's not like friggin stress that
nothing's over 30 kgs this so anything's
over 32 kgs
me and know she checked out to give it
up amongst ourselves I'm okay with that
I'm okay with that yeah I'm okay the
child shakes our bags 42 it needs to be
32 and
take it this is like the hunt team you
know they're gonna empty this time idea
we're gonna figure out what's a heavy
thing to take out of this so she can go
rumor has it there's a hoverboard in
this not sure what they call it over
here never reveal our so I teamed up a
hover in the airport you know one of
those dudes you know they're on the air
blue very stressed but the point is I
literally waited on holes like 20
minutes air cannon to confirm all of
this not once did you mentioned this 32
kilo yeah they're kinda simple things
like that you can't fix the problem with
$75 gift certificate they call house to
apologize about previous like offering
me $75 I'm like do you have a flight
that's only five dollars
can i book a plane to everybody jimbacca
flip the night nozzle Wi-Fi on your
plane half a Wi-Fi this is why no five
so look what was causing all that way it
was all good
I would try to ride that right now
bottom alone after taking up the
hoverboard we're at 34 thank you whoo
34 let's find out if they'll be okay
with 34 it's at 34 will she let it slide
was not fun not aboard this plane I have
a middle seat even though I might it
showed me I'll see but
so I just landed can't hear myself
change my clothes
Suzie's probably waiting out there to
pick me up and I didn't vlog the
goodbyes because I just wanted to feel
it
leave it cried out do thing but we're
here in LA this is real this is the
thing and the blog here so I can start
it that the days have merged but thank
you for all your support and we're gonna
be ok so if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe thank you like
it's gonna also be like me moving out of
the house that Marner was into my
grandpa that's kind of like cool I'm
good I'm so good
