hello God like this clearly not okay the
mix plane it is very late it's like 9
p.m. in I wasn't going to walk today and
I was like you know my girls are taking
me out today not gonna vlog and spend
some quality time and then it just
showed me two vlogs because they've
planned some whole thing I guess want me
to vlog it so 9 p.m. or starting the
vlog I was all like sentimental like I'm
expensive quality time without a camera
spent on my girls no camera no face
starting this vlog at 9 p.m. and then
he's here and no she's happy she's hired
they planned some cute thing I have no
idea what's happening but all I know is
this is my red carpet outfit that I
didn't get to wear to The Hunger Games
so now I'm wearing it and it's like a
pantsuit and it's she looks so hot I
took my boss
plants dog well it's really nothing it's
like a normal night oh she's just being
extra but still someone's a busy day
plants and I so I know he was happening
I know it's blurry I'm gonna buy a new
vlog camera mount of choice I haven't
gotten around to yet so I'm sorry but
let go okay so she's no idea I mean she
knows we're taking her for dinner and
like going out okay no I know we needed
an element of surprise so we're gonna
bring something come you can pick two
out the window okay that's still me okay
I really can't use this thing anyways
we'll show you in a second
hi hi hi I'm Nydia are you recording us
yeah honestly I was excited to spend a
day jump like honestly playing with my
girls - well we are spend a moment it's
exciting so you've already surprised my
education by clapping for dinner and
we're going up our tent tonight pretty
straightforward simple we're gonna go
out we're gonna eat stuff it's in you
please I have you been to do literally
math interview no I've never survived
different people I'm sure you haven't
been here I've never heard of it called
cactus Club chef food I love it yeah I
look at the menu though looks good so
welcome vegetarian friendly whoo and our
friend Anthony's never prepared and
she's a doctor guys I know she stays
legs
today she does the one two three you're
actually got watching three nothing my
battery hold the dude three two one
known Anthony that does I should be I
mean hey everybody yes everybody ideas
regarding okay let's go
so I'm grabbing this Thank You uncle so
much oh my god okay so we have always
joked about getting a pink limo cuz
assault one long time ago so like what
could be the element of surprise there
it is okay that's right James God okay
go this is a pink limousine that
different please don't expect more
people here it's just the four of us
today today oh my god oh my god okay so
we promise like five years ago we made a
joke about always going out in a pink
limo literally it is we went out once we
saw people in pink limo like this is
ridiculous
we should totally do a five years we've
been saying it yeah we obviously had
videos of the best the hilarious is
everything ever wanted it more oh my god
I cannot believe that's our pink limo
and we're going to dinner you guys fast
as we're going we were like ah best limo
and really this is not sober this is a
sober oh we're so loud and everything
I'll show you the pink limo drives my
tickets of dinner some fancy plays
cactus Club cafe and our pink limo you
guys have to see this hold on
we should pick us up after oh my god
this is everything my friends are the
best this is everything I'm gonna make a
wish happy I'm kidding I'm just gonna
make it happen at a wish oh okay boss
life lesson 101 something hot about is
in the yeah you're recording this thank
you
am I supposed to feed you first legit so
much really gotta go I love you
I'll say wife wife wife wife what these
sweethearts I have no idea we're heading
next all I know is a pink limo that's me
with that thank you okay so get this
these girls bought decorations to make
merry
no new friends no new friends mrs.
Marvin just your body
so in tribute to our favorite club not
fancy though it's really good music is
like a ratcheting gauge that's all we
can with a limo
la la
we destroyed this limo guys guys is your
work thing working for my game now
murderers is your momentum is laying
here by pink limo by cold
hi I think it's safe to say I have the
best friends in the whole entire world
and if the bestest people ever man is
the bestest person ever
mmm he's the bestest and she is the best
isn't that all the bestest I'm wearing
this shirt I'm so full I can't even
breathe
um we're sleeping all right nonlinear
O's that voice is kind of gone I'm gonna
cuddle with 90 go to sleep and today he
was like I think it was like I think I'm
kind of emotional like I think it really
hit everyone today my closest friends
like I'm moving and this is a real thing
and freak I'm scared
I'm really freaking scared and I am sad
and I am nervous and I'm all of these
things and this is a permanent thing
like I I'm not looking forward to the
next couple days because I know it's
going to be kind of an emotional roller
coaster and leaving is gonna be hard
even though woman to come back for
Christmas like 23 days later it's
different like I can't say I live here I
want to say I live in LA and it's just
gonna be different and it's gonna be
tough and I'm gonna need all of your
support so we're in this together right
you're moving away from my everything
and everyone if you liked it subscribe
if you liked it subscribe subscribe no
salsa Tom Cruise shots Lena's hell
magazine
