who do I think who do I think I am
starting my vlogs at 6 p.m. I keep doing
this I don't know why it's like so hard
for me to get started in today I woke up
editing the vlog I ate some food and I'm
gonna get ready I am going to humblest
throwing a free show today and I am
going to not only show my support but
I'm gonna jump on stage for a lat and IV
i v-i so it's gonna be cool it's an
honor and promotion of his new book
beneath the surface so if you don't know
about that go check it out so that's
we're doing I need to go take a shower
because as per usual guess what I'm
gonna say guess I'm gonna say I'm
running late umm and that's what's up I
added yesterday's vlog that I've logged
on my phone it was a bit difficult than
I'm sorry it's I feel like I missed the
fisheye because I'm holding the phone so
far from me right now and you still
can't really see what's going on like I
don't know it's I prefer fisheye so I'm
definitely gonna try looking for a
camera that's fisheye maybe the same one
I had before maybe one that's slightly
more high definition if I can find one I
don't know I'll see but it's definitely
my to do this but for now hope you don't
mind the vlogs on the phone at least
it's not blurry so that's a good thing
you know I guess that's kind of like
what you just trade off if you don't
take a shower
just took a shower finish do my makeup
but I'm just doing fish face no either
I've worn makeup so many days in a row
my skin Scott needs a break so not too
many lipstick no eyeliner just mascara
fresh face yeah I mean keep it real man
where my easy booths will see it mad
simple mad simple red circle you know
like a whole hometown show what black
tea these plans like you bring over and
over again because I can't find any my
other clothes and note to self
look there no dude I will forget 500
noted combo of your family also has a
smallish room this little cleaning thing
that just it's so visible to everyone
ya know hey what's up check out this hat
for 1/6 you know what's up you know
what's up where my boost is what the
getup looks like where am I look good
damn it this is what the carrot looks
like Oh does the mirror I need to take
selfies in I find it to be full-length
yes I want to same pants who cares but
it's my gift it's mad simples now what
else you know just chillin and when I
miss this walk when I move because where
we're gonna take my selfie so we need to
find a new wall speaking of which today
I'm vlogging into the mirror how cool is
this today I there ok today I finally
rented my furniture so it was actually a
dilemma because I
as Thanksgiving in America so I was
calling them and they're closed and they
would only accept an American credit
card so I called Sarah knows like give
me your credit card so I ordered my
furniture but I still need or a buy a
whole bunch that I like eeeh so still
lots to be done but I made that step so
I'm gonna be talking like I'm not late
right now let's jump it uber let's go
downtown baby to the fall one six we
hear conversations chase yeah oh well my
phone camera is like busting so I'm
using my phone now
I'm stealing sandy food a nice quarter
some or poor food in this fellow stage
everything's dope I already met like
five bill people like their noses meet
you met three times
so what is that behind me I stand for
what for
no space not CPD's and we were nachos
and look how big these nachos are
also sandy looks balm is up today like I
want a wife Sandy today
some beauties mcbomb and s today now on
a wipe this think they're jealous ago oh
yeah dad you made huh mole this shirt
you have all the chapters of his book on
it speaking of my tombow tell us about
your book I want a book where can you
get it oh there it is I wrote a book my
second book is called beneath the
surface and you can get a humble the
poet bomb and it is a lot you know if
people ask me both draw my life and
blogging and sharing my life I prefer
doing that do my writing so I wrote a
book can I talk about my personal life
and all the stuff I learned from
go check that out never will eat these
nachos more importantly than everything
we just said these nachos yo the time is
1:30 a.m. I just got home and I'm gonna
try and best thing to do right now
I'm really tired like I shouldn't be I
woke up so late and I've if I like the
last couple of days I've been like
really if I kind of crap because I'm
sleeping like not truly you mean I sleep
like two three I wake up like one that's
a lot of sleep I think isn't the cold
weather and I want to make excuses but I
just don't know what it is I'm just like
not being my most productive and I may
be just like a lot of weight on my mind
I know but like morning tired I'm like
usually I can stay open till 8 for if I
am so try best make me go right now
stay tuned that's 2:30 a.m. I'm freakin
dying what the hell's wrong with me
I'm like painfully dying I'm so sleepy
it hurts I'm just like I've written like
70% of a video but then I can't I can't
even imagine right now like standing
here recording it editing right now
really dying and I feel really bad about
it but I'm just like I don't know could
possibly be that the move is so much of
a weight on me that I might unable to
you know me I kill this I know my son's
all the time I persevere all the time
but I'm a really hard time ah you know I
don't want to sound like an excuse but
what it is this like so many things to
do for a movement I got to pick a car I
got to sell my car gotta get on my
furniture I gotta like pack my stuff and
I think like even though I'm not doing
those things like on my brain it's just
like exhausting me mentally I I don't
want to know post a video today that
would make it a week since I posted a
video that's like not acceptable I don't
want to do so Chase is in the other room
let's see what he's doing I came to the
room and chase was sleeping bad I'm so
tired
I did
I have to wake up and help my mom make
centerpieces for my nephew's birthday I
don't know what I can't I can't
yeah I'm sorry friends 3 a.m. and I'm
gonna go to sleep
I have 70% of the video done so maybe
I'll post it tomorrow we'll see but I'm
like reading and it's like not even good
saying funny my brains not working I
can't I feel about him I haven't even
trouble chase that much I'm just like i
mean i decent my own things today i woke
up i did a lot of work before i started
logging because I started logging at
like 6:00 but I did all my furniture
stuff that I need to rent it's a bunch
of emails I did a bunch of like called
the computer work and then I went and I
performed with humbles like I guess but
usually I'm way more productive than
this and I feel really bad I don't know
what octopod guys but like still I don't
like it and I'm just hoping that once I
get my move still sorted out I'll be
back on the grind
that's the plan thanks for joining me on
another day and I hope it wasn't super
shaky and I was looking at the right
spot but that is my cue to peace of F
out and i'ma do that I'm real friggin
tired I swear to God if I line that bed
and I'm just like I'm gonna be very
upset if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
where else I'd be sure Club which is
according to Emily Drake's like official
lounge under better it's my super
exclusive it's what I'm saying up
