I woke up and I could see for five more
hours I'm so tired good morning oh my
god I'm so tired I don't know why I
think I'm just really lacking sleep we
are heading to go look at my apartment
options my realtor my wonderful realtor
for last time almost equally as hard
crying no wait my room was so nice and
warm and to wake up halfway and like
turn off the heat as a very temperature
out of my room I'm like hot and cold hot
cuz I had my heater all rep said the bed
I'm have a doughnut for breakfast and
then we're gonna check out some
apartments this will be my fifth dota
and it's bad I'm 24 hours
so we're apartment shopping and I depart
ok I'm so excited the place is all right
now I'm really excited about we're still
checking more places you know just to
make a informed decision but I really
like that place and like I'm sure my
realtor could wonderful year you know
someone throw Salamis last time same
girl oh my face like lit up I was like
oh I really like this place humble what
did you think of it yeah I could put
people on timeout a lot of premieres and
there's so much natural light oh my god
I'm really excited about it
my goal is before I leave LA with my
trip has now been extended for a few
days before I leave LA I have our place
that's that's what's happening here so
in essence this trip has been very
useful and very wonderful
I'm looking for a big WC alright so we
checked out three places I'm really in
love with the first place we check out
three more places tomorrow and then I
check out one more place right now what
should be dope as well let me show you
think I'm difficult like this place go
okay so he's back home and I have a call
in 45 minutes and we got a start gave me
up for the premiere I understand where
the exact same outfit I worry yes to
because I only have a red carpet outfit
and I don't want to be like super decked
out like the carpet so you got four
elements of the same thing where
yesterday there's an after party after
yeah - now I'm like stressed because I
have only those heels I may be here
where the smaller heels I don't all
Frank yeah but not a red carpet dolled
up like I don't think I don't know I
don't know I should call my publicist I
don't know I know all these things all I
want is a glimpse of Jennifer Lawrence
and I feel a bit W for me I wanna I
don't know that I mean the same room was
there hey you know what of this it's not
him from like some fangirl point of view
every time in the same room is those
people it's like inspirational for me to
see all of that and to experience it I
really like it yo so we're running about
15 minutes late because I'm desperately
trying to upload move hug before I leave
I'm pretty much wearing the exact same
outfit with the exception and I changed
my blazer does other blazer I mean I
don't I can't wear my red carpet outfits
is all I can do blazer is dope as ass
though so it's the same look you know
I'm boss lady Ceaser tangs you know
whatever and then blogs in processing at
95% hurry up I feel like my blog might
be fixed now stop sorry anymore as far
as I see but we'll see so they don't got
vlog camera thick think there's a
fingerprint on it I change a blade for
the last five vlog vlog them learning I
don't know okay this way so I started
and I think the social media influencers
and I get an access pass I don't look
bad means quite a party for you
mostly access to something must be free
popcorn maybe oh my god if it's access
to Jen I don't think it will be there's
no way this goes on a promo tour
probably like tired Zev
it's still cool though it's so cool it's
so cool I just started walk-in like a
normal person but I guess supposed to be
influenced was kinda cool okay so that
ticket was printed before the changes it
means there's no access nothing is that
ring but your own adult at this point
yesterday so I'm not effective items you
enjoy the movie get some popcorn which
doesn't seem to be free it's free so the
popcorn is free what's in these small
cups in which we're going to need ten of
each but they're cool check it out
dope dope dope dope only 20 of each of
these where can how can I hold 20 of
these 20 he's kind of who cons of
changing face I don't want to do this
Oasis theater is massive check it out
my sister the gardener so we're not
allowed to vlog or use our phones I took
our phones so my antenna for the movie
so good so good so good but now this
dinner straight and talk okay because
all exits are like pop quits like
thousands of people thousands of people
trying to exit this lunar right now so
and they have everyone's phones like a
lot busy was the pose was in line to get
our phone so to get the line geophones
not gonna be a fun one
it's our Jennifer Lawrence who's on
stage she was on the on stage like 34
seconds but like I love her I love her
your he both Billy boom I love her okay
sickest thing ever the after-party is
taking place I like the capital to that
I'm impressive as a resident I'm super
impressed with this
I'm now a filmmaker I'm loving good
because I'm sitting here
yo summer hope I'm gonna say myself
first I am in love with Jennifer
Lawrence I saw in stage four literally
34 seconds and I was just like asking I
was like fan Go Go I'm gonna worry cause
she's just so gorgeous and she's so
talented the movie I think it was great
but I understand I'm also extremely
biased because I'm just a really big
Jennifer Lawrence fan so in my eyes you
can do it all wrong she's a phenomenal
actress like I was telling him so many
parts of the movie I'm not gonna spoil
it or give it away but she doesn't say
anything
but her acting and facial and everything
just so strong and so good like so so
good um we went to the after-party was
dr. put it was bad because I'm telling
you why I don't bully I'm gonna send an
email to ever that works for me be with
when he was at the party now these are
things I want for my under parties like
it was a really cool experience for me
to see a premiere exactly for the
reasons I said it was a learning
experience I learned so much and now I
feel like amazing ideas from my from
where and it was just a really
inspirational cool experience I have no
negative thoughts about it not walking
carpet anything all those things are
gone I thought it was a really cool
experience and I'm gonna say it's a W
for me uh this film definitely brought
up that the overall average Jennifer
Lawrence is a very good actress very
good very good actress who doesn't take
herself to series yeah I love her oh and
I also learned something new today like
you didn't put it off on our games we
had dope ticket to the act when they
took cumin didn't give us back give them
back to us really ask them to yeah can
we keep our tickets yeah it's like who
is this holographic like cool ticket but
it was dope so inspirational I'm not
gonna sleep all night because I'm
rethinking about how my own movie one
day that's pretty much doesn't happen
it's also Monday and it's 12 something
I'm like okay I'm a horrible person I'm
on your video I'm sorry I'm not making a
video I'm really tired and I just my
brain has too many thoughts and is
racing and so I'm just I can't get my
mind off Jennifer Lawrence and this
wasn't premiere so I might do like a
surprise Tuesday video I'm sorry
shall we I'm Joey I feel bad about it
I'm gonna have such an intense work date
tomorrow tomorrow we're also going
apartment shopping in the morning and
then it's work work work day as my
flight is now a trip is not extended
until Thursday Thursday right Thursday
19th I suppose to go home tomorrow but
there's the 19th so I'm gonna bed and oh
my god you know I realized I don't have
no clothes were Thursday I brought two
outfits literally three I shoulda same
day over and over again whatever here's
I'm okay with that if you like it that's
great yeah oh and also on that note huge
shout-outs Lionsgate playing we come to
the Mockingjay premiere I had a great
time thank you to you for letting me
have these amazing opportunities because
you chose to watch my videos I really
appreciate it like I was just like in
the theater looking around it's like a
theater like 5,000 people and I was like
this is like I would've never told the
mini-me that like I'd be at a Hollywood
movie parent for like one of the biggest
movies it's like really really cool and
I'm very playful thank you if you liked
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
this time while she watched check it
could I keep trying all of these tapes
are gonna be in the book this is what
happens when I'm gonna gets frazzled
when he sees a pretty girl oh please you
say
