I am late for my flight so Barton
started two minutes ago and I just got
the security because the airport is an
absolute chaos mode I all do like
machines are down so what am I going f
61 a 6-1 all the regimes are down and so
every line I waited it was like hundreds
of people and it was just absolute chaos
I've been to this Airport billion times
I've never experienced anything like
that so my boarding started a few
minutes ago and I'm rushing to the gate
why did I rush why don't even rush
that's why it's delayed an hour just got
delayed 30 more minutes this is I can
tell gonna be a wonderful
Air Canada experience yeah that's right
judge me everyone judge me I do not get
this changed our gate for a second time
on the other side of the airport it's a
good one this is a great morning look at
what a good morning this is look at me
it is that's a good morning all this
happening here it's okay worth it worth
it you know what
imagine Jennifer Lawrence comes running
right now save me save me you remember
for Trinidad how they kicked half the
people of flight that's what they just
did man they kicked half the people of
the flight and the people trying to
board the plane are like Oh starting out
in this light anymore so I'm sitting
there waiting for them to call my name
but if you call my name's Heather knock
me on the slate this mother have been
terminal is about to turn into Hunger
Games right now I was stressed I already
tweeted about I was like but you're not
Air Canada they're horrible even the
staff lady right now I was like I gave
my boarding pass Mike please tell me I
have a seat on this light like I will
not be okay and she's like yeah you know
I'm exist second time Aaron has done
this last month so yeah it happens a lot
I'm like worst airline ever worst worse
thank god I feel so bad there's people
like babies and the kids I just got
kicked off the flight
that's not cool yo what's up just landed
good news and when you're watching this
I just want you know disclaimer you know
I'm the last part list hopefully you can
hear me my ears are plug I'm the last
person to be heartless you know I care
about a lot of things and I care about a
lot of people and so if I'm offensive
please don't take this offensively
please don't take this in such way I
told you before I'm a really logical
person and sometimes that causes
problems because I use logical
promotions but I'm really upset right
now it's three what I just heard about
is that
as a sign of respect for everything I've
noticed that people who are not in the
film cannot walk the red carpet they're
neither do a red carpet which I'm really
bummed about and not to be heartless
because again I know what's happened in
Paris and around the world and many
places is horrible and things like what
happened in Paris happen around the
world all the time and I understand that
Paris has gotten a lot of media
attention but I just am a little bit I
don't know my brain doesn't see the
correlation between oh only the actors
to walk the red carpet no one else can
as a sign of respect I just don't see
how that correlates with respect I don't
know that's just
and so in essence I bought a plane
ticket and I'm not trying to sound
heartless I bought a plane ticket to
watch movie and I worked part bit and I
mean it's not in my control that's fine
I saw it schooled still go and stuff
looks like the amount of things I did to
prep for this if if it's for a spec
that's awesome I just don't see the
correlation if it should go as to
respect the whole red carpet to cancel
for everyone not to say oh people in
film that's fine not in the film out of
respect we're not going to it I don't
anyways that's my current I'm not gonna
try to you know about positive vibes but
I'm super
I don't know my brain and heart just
doesn't understand that another thing I
guess another learning experience we'll
see how many to Sarah's house now I need
some chipotle again I'm sorry I offended
anyone I'm not trying to do friend yeah
got the right idea what like me I just
tell them they're so I'll actually rent
an Airbnb because for various reasons
series keeping me out of her house
basically no it's just because it's for
various reasons it's also because I got
its various reasons um it's basically
just yeah I need to like function and I
think Humboldt's needs places that kind
of work and stuff and it's just like
we're just gonna it's cool
um so I'm headed there now and then
stairs B come with me to the exhibit I'm
gonna go we also had to pull a cuz I was
a little bit hurting in my heart and I'm
slowly feeling better
slowly but surely yo what's up special
my air B&B I know I kept saying several
reasons you know what honestly what it
is is I've been feeling really like
damaged we had so much money for this
trip I need to be packing and I
shouldn't have come and I'm just feeling
really bad about things only go in my
own space and I think humble also kind
of wanted a work space as well or at
least ii be like yo i got so much work
done into the wee hours of the night and
at least that way i'll feel a little bit
better it's cool though it wasn't that
expensive it's cool it's got a TV smells
great
that's a good artwork I got Paris I feel
like this picture was that another air
and be everybody I also rented and a
room for humble humble snore so loud so
I just cannot show everyone with him oh
my god our kitchen it's pretty dope
spirito
our washroom and my bedroom has two beds
for no reason but big comfy bed so I'm
about it
and get some work done and then I'm
gonna head over to its exhibit first I'm
gonna talk with myself and make myself
feel better it's honestly I even
watching this vlog at this point you
might be like honestly get over I people
have bigger problems people are like
innocent people are suffering around the
world and I'm not trying to make my
problem seem bigger at all it's not I'm
not trying to be heartless I'm just a
little bit no one likes the feeling of
being like damn like that feeling of I
don't know just not even just being
disappointed but being like damn like I
almost feel bad now that I spend so much
money to come because I'm like stressed
about that so that's a little bit
whatever it's just so many since I've
landed so many things like also my cab
driver on the way to Syria so I was like
totally scammed me as well so this is a
bad day in general there's a lot of bad
things happening you know not an ideal
day but we're gonna turn that around
right now let go let go let go let go
all right so just uploaded yesterday's
vlog it's like I'm talking all about the
big surprise and going to the premiere
and I'm like you guys don't even know
until this blog comes out honestly what
I'm trying to do is the only way I can
make myself feel better nothing make me
feel better except for myself that's how
I work I'm planning just shut up go talk
to myself for like ten minutes and
explain to myself why umm this is fine
and this is exactly what's supposed to
be happening and it's fine
I just you know it is I think if she's
had a really tough day I got no sleep
the plane ride was so bumpy so I didn't
sleep on the plane as well all the
delays with the flight the whole stress
of not being able to get on the flight
there was a possibility of that taxi
driver just so everything has kind of
and on the plane like I just had so many
bad dreams as well like I slept a little
bit so strange as I thought I couldn't
sleep
but I remember I'm very bad dreams like
I had a very terrifying dream about my
grandpa and just like every once in a
while I have this very horrific dream
about my grandpa and if you watch my
videos a long time you know how close we
were so it's just I don't know every
once in a while have a horrific dream
about it and I like traumatizing for
that whole day so I think like people go
talk to myself and I'll be back Hey
genuinely I feel a lot better I spoke to
myself actually made a list of reasons I
should be upset and not be upset this is
what I do this how I make myself feel
better so I put what am I not getting in
the situation what brings us down for
your why I'm feeling better I'm not
getting is to walk the red carpet I'm
not gonna have any red carpet pictures
I'm not gonna any cool post on Instagram
I have even less of a chance of being
Jennifer Lawrence No
not on the carpet I'm not getting the
money back I spent from my fight or the
money I spent on the jewelry or the
shoes and all the stuff what I am
getting I get to see the movie I get to
go to the premiere it to go to Evans
exhibit today because I'm here I get to
have a learning experience of going to a
premiere so that when I have my own
movie premiere I kind of know what
everyone else is doing in order to
expect and it's like a cool experience I
get to meet with my business manager go
ahead to meet anyways to pick up some
stuff and the chances of me getting a
new phone with my business manager are
also high because I'm in LA so I've
decided you know what f it I'm gonna go
to the movie tomorrow I'm have a great
time with humble we need some popcorn
we're gonna be those people I get to see
the movie I love Hunger Games I might
not get to walk the red carpet the same
red carpet Jennifer Lawrence tomorrow I
definitely won't I probably won't meet
her either but you know what Jennifer
Lawrence ain't goin nowhere okay I'm
just gonna be determined in the future
to walk a red carpet with her now and
one day I will meet her it won't be
tomorrow maybe that's fine but I'm gonna
go support the movie and support her I
love Hunger Games and now it's still my
to-do list to meet Jennifer Lawrence
then you know I'm gonna have a great
freakin time and I spent so much energy
today being disappointed and sad and
like why why why I'm gonna go take a
shower
look mother from fabulous put on some
lipstick deal with it like a boss go to
this exhibit show all my friends have a
good time come home do some work and
repeat tomorrow that's what's gonna
happen
let go also unpaid no okay
I know my vlogs have been out of focus
recently I don't know why I thought I
fixed the problem yesterday cuz I clean
the land but I just did it again right
now so if it's still blurring this vlog
maybe it's my camera so bear with me I'm
sorry I've noticed that they're blurry
but hopefully me cleaning just now fixed
it up
so this is my vibes I got little tin
here left in here
I got a little seat tube Shinya got a
side pony here I got actually it's
include complete outfit so mallanna's
chill if I'm honest because my tights
have the see-through sides a lot if you
can see boots ermine shirts mine but the
Blazer and hence lana steel somehow
fully have lana steel Jigga Jigga Jigga
to look boss they're sophisticated
enough lego baby Sarah looks go down the
combos hello didi you did weirdo easy
did it exhibit I just kind of ride
inside
and I'm going to were down there when
ice kind of ran upstairs that's what I
kind of did
how is it
this is like I said and I could see much
of the artwork but I really like these
pieces that I feel like when I get my
own place I'm gonna have a lot of ink
wasn't working it is like a like a la
look I like these ones is all most of
them I've seen most of his work think
those those are the only ones but moist
check-in I keep trying all of these
tapes are gonna be in the mug so yeah
this is what happens when I'm a gets
frazzled when he sees a pretty look oh
please stay lost time this time last
year last year this time last year we
went to watch Hunger Games in LA and she
thinks Obama we cannot experience eating
tomorrow searching and the games and a
Miss he never learns I'm gonna shut down
that's the mall of the story you know
what say though no I'm not saying it the
boss not done yet three red sugar oh we
haven't interviewed Lilly Singh she's
had a new mouth yeah hey there's an
up-and-comer we heard
you know you start off low pace but you
know you're progressing well we're prior
do you want to stay both prisoners and
posters yeah oh mama and then boom the
my curse time in providing these
doughnuts cuz I'm literally having my
fourth doughnut right now my fourth don'
three and a half actually almost here it
is so late what time is it just 346
which in Toronto is 646 I need to sleep
we're going apartment hunting tomorrow I
was gonna come with me and hopefully I
find a place that's the goal to find a
place and then I will feel so much
better about this trip and I was telling
them it doesn't matter who bought the
red carpet or not or if I'm Nutella
France or not we're never great time
yeah we're not walking the carpet I'm
probably not gonna meet her it's fine
but we're gonna have a great time
watching the movie that's the most fun
we have that button popcorn but it is
free yeah that's a very valid point like
I don't know I've never been to a
Hollywood premiere have you yeah a
Hollywood premiere no my oh my dr.
cabbie that counts you were there too
the popcorn wasn't for you money better
be good you're gonna get a popcorn
review tomorrow just expect that yeah
the movie might be me or me I don't know
no I'm gonna love them you know I'm
excited everybody okay we have oh yeah
thing we're even if you'll like it
there's a rule for the first hour you
often lie okay you ever lie that's funny
because I will be so excited no I bought
the urge of Wikipedia ding this ending
I've wanted to find out they're amazing
I'm gonna bed now cuz I'm really tired
so if you liked it subscribe if you like
it subscribe go do your stupid thing I
mean if you like it subscribe it
do they enjoy it you don't they do we
enjoyed my room disaster my life mm-hmm
disoriented but it's all good
yes I'll have a no other way kidding I
would have another way same pitch that a
functional room but we're not the
brother right now because two reasons
mac and cheese hold on a supermoon life
also popcorn
