welcome to another blurry vlog good
morning kind of not really it's one I
didn't vlog yesterday because I went to
my aunt's house and we had like you know
some family time and as I mentioned
earlier I'm trying to not all of my days
and spend some off-camera quality time
with my friends and family my voice is
randomly gone not that that's anything
unique or different because my voice
randomly disappears all the damn time
today is it intense worked in I know I
always say that but today I'm actually
for the first time over well not first
time but extremely overwhelmed last
night I was supposed to stamp really
late and work and I went to bed like
10:00 p.m. and didn't wake back up so I
severely asked myself over and now I
have a stupid amount of things to do
today I'm really stressed and I'm kind
of in trouble from people because like
I've missed deadlines for things like ah
hi we're just a half that smells like
I'm sorry then I'm trying to catch up
the first thing I'm doing is watching
the third cut of the h2 UI movie so
after three rounds of notes I need to
give you know either sign off on it or
give some more notes and so I'm about to
do that
then I just have a bazillion other
things to do today so it's gonna be very
work day we're gonna be trapped in this
room locking myself in this room and
that is what's going to happen and no I
haven't had a chance to buy another blog
camera yeah I'm sorry let's do it I just
stopped watching the movie tell you that
it's snowing outside
there's snow falling out there's snow
outside what the Casca what there may la
bouche mama nature
minor detail whatever speaking of which
yo yo know whatever yo listen
so yesterday right I posted a picture
with my ovo tens you know Drake shoes I
collaborated with Jordan and stuff and I
posted it on Instagram and stuff in this
morning whatever not only the drink I
like the picture but Drake followed me
on Instagram whatever hotline big zip
whoa that's right quick follow me on
Instagram
six God 600 oh god it is 5:30 p.m. I am
going good with the work everything's
going well I said a lot more things to
do I'm like to do this but I've done a
decent amount which I'm very happy about
pat on my back that's 5:30 and it looks
like it's midnight outside it's so
pitch-black it's like literally my least
favorite thing but winters out dark it
gets so early but like 4:30 oh my feels
midnight but how does a jeweler right
now hey I know my lifestyle is driving
you crazy so let's have a sentimental
moment I just edited the vlog from two
days ago when my friend surprised me
with a pink limo and I like had a hard
time editing it I was like this is
really emotional and yesterday at my
aunt's house my sister-in-law
legit got like teary-eyed talking to me
and I was like you know what it is like
I know I'm gonna come back so often but
now it's starting to really hit me that
like still things will change and I
remember when I was out with my girls
you know I was talking to scheana and
she's like so like you're only going for
six months right and I was like she
didn't know I'm moving there my
apartment is just a six month rental but
like during that time I'm gonna look for
another place to buy and she's like what
do you mean and I'm like I'm moving babe
like permanently the only way I would
come back is if I like hate it but I
have plans to live there and she's just
like wait why and I think at that moment
it kind of was like holy crap this is a
real thing and it's been really hitting
me and I think the next week or so I'm
gonna be super emotional because
yeah you know I travel some I think I've
convinced myself that you travel so much
anyway it's not gonna be any different
but I always come back home even if I'm
gone for like a month or two months I
always come back home but now home will
be an empty apartment in LA with no
family and I think that's like a thing
for me
it's a thing like I'm probably gonna
sell my car I'm not gonna live here
frightening and I think everyone's
really emotional including myself and
I'm like in a state of denial where I
haven't booked my ticket yet and like
people like do you who's going with you
to LA because it'll be very hard for you
like travel with all your stuff and you
know chase and Sandy both offered to
like fly with me and I just haven't
responded them yet because I'm just
avoiding it like my brain is like no no
avoid it I'm kind of on the fence
because I'm like at the same time I want
people to come with me because I'm gonna
all this stuff is gonna be so hard for
me transport and help would be great but
on the other side of that I kinda don't
want anyone to come with me because I
feel like it'll make me more emotional
like artists with my parents they
definitely cannot come with me because
I'm used to leaving the house and I can
I can do that but if I go to a new place
and my parents said that they leave me
alone there I think that will like
really be devastating for me and I think
it'll be the same with my friends like I
think I need to deal with it go there
cry and kind of a dress up as my friends
are there and goodbyes like lingering I
think that'll make it more difficult but
I'm still deciding I have no idea but
that's kind of where I'm at um I'm not
looking forward to my going-away thing
I'm not looking forward to any of that
because even if I convince myself
everyone else will be very I'm so scared
Gregg I'm really friggin scared watching
Selena slay the AMAs right now slay I'm
just literally watching her one
performance Queen oh oh oh don't dance
Oh should go dance I love her I just
love her
it's so like me watching her perform
it's as if like my younger sister is
performing like that's how panicked and
nervous I feel is it's like a dear
friend younger sister was performing I'm
so protective of my gulp stairs watching
baby girl baby there's stairs like I'm
so I just want to do so well all the
time
it's like a it's a good thing Kelly
Kelly Queen what stop put over my phone
I've been in denial and haven't opened
it yet
even though has a functioning number and
everything um nope right now because
I've decided I'm an adult and I've made
this decision now I need to act upon it
so opening my new phone
ooh should I do like one of those
unboxing videos I can never understood
them like here we have the white box and
you see it has a rose gold Apple all
right apparently those keep the doctor
away
um this is dope I was hesitant to get
the iPhone 6 because I was like how am I
gonna text people like this but I had to
get a new phone so I got the rose gold
which is kind of it's really pretty I
don't like it and I'll have a case for
you so I need to get a case for tomorrow
but this is the box and if you see and
you open you have the headphones that no
one ever uses and the thing that
everyone always loses and the charger
that will last approximately two weeks
how's that for an artist iPhone review
although I love iPhone iPhone till I die
I love them so much this is my new phone
and my garden merit either plastic off
you know I hate taking the plastic off
new things I'm like that Indian that
hates doing that grab like really pretty
actually okay just looking at flights
and I just clicked one way and got
stabbed in the heart
I clicked one way there is no return
flight I clicked one way so I couldn't
get myself to book to the ticket today I
couldn't get myself to book the ticket
today hopefully tomorrow I will have
that courage I just want to check a few
timing things with my parents um some
kind of move news is that I messaged
King to be like are you gonna be there
December 1st to like help me and pick me
up at 7:00 unfortunately he's in New
York so he's not gonna be there and now
I'm like I don't know anyone else with a
Jeep or anyone else that would be able
to like help me out like
should I take a friend I'm so confused I
don't know what to do I don't know what
to do
I don't know I'm gonna think about her
tomorrow too much for one day
too much for one day um I know today we
just kind of sat in the room and did
nothing but that was my day and I
apologize in advance for the next week
of me being a little bit of a mess um it
might get a little bit repetitive but
this is a thing for me this is like a
thing and even though it's on my vision
board it's scary I've said it before and
I'll say it again
having your dreams come true is
wonderful it's also horrifying it is
absolutely horrifying okay stop stop
yeah get a grip get a grip okay
today is past 12:00 tomorrow today today
is my nephew's second birthday my pride
and joy his birthday and so I'm gonna go
to his house tomorrow is also video date
tomorrow and there's also work date
tomorrow so all those things are
happening and I'm gonna go to bed thanks
for joining me on another day there's a
pimple forming right here so I'm sure
when we wake up it'll there'll be a new
friend there so hello in advance
um and I hope you had a great day and
tomorrow's another day
yes if you like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe if you like that
