it's so early it's nighttime yo morning
it is 7:30 a.m. I'm heading to a shoot
for movie related things humbles here
it was very tired oh I'm very tired of
your very hard that that nod means he's
very tired at my pillow so I can sleep
on the way where's our car do you see a
car car car
hello car so we're here long um are you
camera shy no okay good
every name Anton Anton this is a cool
thing happening right now these
wonderful people are here and love
Tomorrow People
and all the people in here we're eating
the food of course all these things
there's so much things happening but
it's go to my hair makeup because I look
like a tired person and tired people
aren't rock stars the photographer and
everyone on set is great
we're just going to the photographers
like portfolio thing she's done the past
and can just show the picture you showed
me I'm assured she just did please um hi
minor detail Sina Goldman cover shoot
same photographer doing right now Jeff I
mean if we're not soul mates and
basically best friends forever I don't
know what qualifies us I really just
don't even know it's just that's one of
this ah she's amazing where time was
Tina Gomez she's lovely and surpassed
all my expectations should be wonderful
but she's beyond wonderful we picked
some dope outfit that I'm so excited
about it's really excited about and now
I'm gonna glammed up
he's a good day and if I fell asleep
while you do my makeup I'm sorry sorry
how good did poppy do on this I mean on
this situation you did so good on this
and everyone did so good on this this is
done so well right now this is like a
gold least our situation like if this
was class you would get a golden fern
and you would get a golden star ah
and intestine Tintin
so the only one either why don't I need
a straw for my rock star so every time I
have makeup done I was the American
abutment at 6 may happen up Cyprus crime
so I always request a straw it's not
because I'm kind of a diva so try to
save work my question is I make up that
entire shot had my feet feel like musics
essential
that's the photographer
wait
Oh
the stool ice my motivational speech as
a video kinda scare me laser awesome
suit-up room
Charlene SL magazine
oh my
this is my vlog channel this is my super
planet not so who else have you shot me
well what have you done so they can see
those photos Serena go Serena Selena
Gomez I did just beat Serena yessiree
moon Selena Gomez drew Barrymore the
broad city girl I just did those last
month on yeah how hard is it the Lilly
youngji bride she's fine he's stressing
out right now you gotta like all of
my job so this is going great
everybody was great everything's
wonderful everything's looking wonderful
and it's a good group of people happen
and now I'm going to get my hair braided
Oh Shawn he's not doing it should I hear
but we're nays gonna hold it down so is
dumbu braids up oh my makeup though
hello hello
so much what you saying ah my hair got
stuck um eyelash
hey hey it's me again do you remember me
I'm Scott fifty points if you know whose
God is five thousand points if you know
who I am
okay little secret we're at a photo
shoot right now at YouTube photo shoot
top secret look and Lily's getting her
hair did her hair is braided the film is
coming soon and it's amazing yes it's
amazing it's amazing we had to cut Lily
out of 99% of it which is why the movie
yeah it's mostly about me and jamon our
struggles working with Lily me actually
yeah that's true no but in all
seriousness guys buckle your seat belt
because this film is awesome and it is a
trip a trip good corn Island an amazing
job it's interesting because when every
every time we went to a different
country has somebody else filming and
then they each film with the different
person and then we had Scott in London
and it's got filmed with a completely
different purpose and you don't
understand what's happening it's 15 to
play this product you'll see it all
makes sense
you know everything that he does finally
me and this guy makes me cry like three
times why don't I make you fun you have
like some very powerful moments in the
film crying like good no good crime okay
yeah motional this guy's not like Shia
LeBouf wat to use alone no this is the
most well-spoken person and reducer of
that I don't know how you it's like he
rehearses every morning what he's gonna
be I think he does I think you think you
do I think he rehearsal ahead
tomorrow I'll say obviously anyways Lily
thank you again for having me be a part
of this documentary it's been the most
crazy roller coaster experience in my
life but it's been incredible and I
would not have rather done this with
anybody but you so I'm glad we're best
buds now you're the best yeah you bye
oh really
too much explaining
and as I wrap on this shooter who did
such a good job and this will be this
phenomenal hello yes absolutely
phenomenal and I love and thank you for
making me look wonderful be you're very
well and she's so I wouldn't you
compared to other people
Oh easy girls easy Oh mega babe oh stop
Bhama oh okay okay I will home okay at
the blog and stuff when do working do do
work and stuff and just work and stuff
work and stuff comment below ladies and
men who wear makeup it's just me that
finds it difficult to eat while wearing
lipstick I feel so uncomfortable Mike
like I just I can't do it but I ran out
of makeup wipe so now I'm just this part
my face permanently very good yo um it's
not that late as at 12:40 I think we
wrote a back thanking much sleep last
night I got like four and a half hours
of sleep at I was asleep because you had
to wake up so early for the shoot
humbles like passed our own couch we
wash my face I take off these fake
lashes an ish you're not this trip I
forgot my me um make up missing who what
hello my face washed and just ran on a
makeup wipe so I don't really know how
I'm taking this off but we're gonna
figure it out tomorrow we are leaving in
the evening but I have a bunch of stuff
to do before that I got to meet up with
Scott and Eliza to do some voiceovers
from movie and I have to really see
video Thursday and a half because I
missed Monday and if you horrible butter
I actually wrote the video so and then I
have to buy a case for a new phone what
else do I have to do I also have to go
to the apartment I rented one more time
to take pictures so I can pick furniture
accordingly that I'm gonna write so
that's a lot of stuff to do my flight is
at 10:10 got it at the airport for like
8:30 there's a lot of stuff I don't look
so pretty a lot of stuff to do so I'll
head to bed
visited tomorrow and the adventure
continues today was bomb today's with
bomb for which it was great today was
great and tomorrow's me great and thanks
for joining me run this together hi if
you liked it subscribe if you liked it
subscribe go subscribe alright I'm much
sent an email confirming a place an
apartment on my end I have a hold on it
so like nothing should go wrong but like
I'm sending this email so like let me
just type it up will then send said say
I just said okay okay hold on Humboldt
can i boy 2 minutes we have to discuss
the apartment dilemma and situation
let's sit over here
