Danah back in an airport morning we've
got my face I got a pimple after so many
months the day I'm sneaking out we date
tomorrow I got a pimple because I tried
to pop yesterday like an idiot first of
all look at my sweater it's swag second
of all we're going to Ottawa we did so
long it's been so long we're going
together
peanuts having the tour but I mean yeah
that's like goodness like our thing this
is like you know all those other people
that although the terms also are things
I don't know who those other people were
following it was pretty weird either way
and I knew loves we do and so just come
to eat it
although she's really babe I am we do so
go to Edie I'm speaking for the station
sorry cry I've actually never driven are
you doing I'm gonna cry oh my goodness
babe Oh audience okay no the energy from
the audience maybe you weren't going
she's gonna she's gonna die I'm so
excited if we can I you don't understand
it's like cousin it's a moment I'm so
excited I'm so excited it's like a 45
minute play we gonna go we won't get
this done it's also a video day and also
yeah oh god I don't we go no but listen
to my sweater isn't it or you guys
really that's where a real queue right
now so let's play the super emptied its
super big for 45 min play like very
empty in the one putting in between us
and you just like what's gonna be like
this
Siamese twins so we headed there and
it's actually hot today
yeah what's going on mama
we'll see when we get there
she's like no way I've got my bikinis
but I'm really sad with this hope it
goes by tomorrow so I'm going any makeup
I call myself last
you know last I was a girl I see new
people I'm not gonna try to pop because
our you know the situation and then what
I do I tried to pop the mother effer
I just AM so wack I just don't know why
I make these decisions you know because
I stole myself my yesterday self I told
my is resolved you tomorrow self to be
very upset about this
we made it it's literally 14 minutes
later like 14 minutes late nothing felt
like but we made it and I'm gonna try to
con an annual taking a nap when I go
back to court I'm gonna wonder can AB
know most pretzels are damn good though
mmm delicious so in the hotel we have
two rooms but obviously really like
chill together and then if I record my
video tonight she can go like
choreograph in the other room the room
is freezing so we're trying to the
heater some we're not tall enough so do
i you can do it you can do it babe okay
come on what if I jump on your bed and
like babe you're gonna fall on your face
if you're asking I think is no hi are
you taller than me got your Amazon Durr
no oh yeah what are we sending the
various things that are started taking a
nap and back in the day no she was very
adamant on like us closing the blinds
because they'll ever bother but we had
to learn the hard way
that's why we could no longer do that
because back in the day I had a gig in
New York knows does this mean and we
close the blinds as ferocious requests
and I think I had to be at the venue by
5:30 I woke up at like legit like 527
and then woke up yeah exactly was like
that I would expect walk to the venue it
was like it was those days when she
didn't you know yeah now we're taking a
nap and I'm gonna look at the room
service menu as we sleep for some light
reading
who knows you know the possibilities are
endless but
I'm pity for Mazda abundantly Oh
whoa-ho-ho
so Ottawa is cold we have learned that
we are heading to rehearsals for we date
and I'm excited to the stage and all
that stuff it's also cool the my nose is
running this book residency oh damn I
think was actually drugs in it mmm it's
going down okay so I don't know who I
thought I was not bring my winter jacket
it's freezing cold
I'm shutting down for here we day we day
we day we date and this bag is for me it
really is full of jewelry look at this
is handmade with love what is this oh I
love this who come show you my change
room with Ted president node imposed Oh
your boyfriend yeah
no that's it look how cool this is this
is so freaking cool it's very cold but
very cool 15,000 people right sixty
sixty thousand because I always use
these no no no
especially my soundcheck and there's
four teleprompters and that one is so
far so I was like this mu some back in
my hotel room I had a conference call
the time is 10 p.m. I'm working on my
super Monday video now and we're gonna
use it all Cape thing because cold and
struggling to make this video I'm
writing it but it's just hotel rooms are
so uninspiring it's so like damn I don't
know if you can tell but it's like very
little lighting I'm just like such an
uninspiring environment I need snacks I
want snacks there's no snacks huh
there's a mini fridge they're snacks in
there come on come on come on come on
come on come on come on ahh it's 11 p.m.
I'm almost done writing my video I'm
struggling again today it's because I
haven't done rants and so long although
my last video got received really well
the types of hurting you all really
liked it but I'm not as quick at writing
because I've been doing somebody skits
and not ran so it's kind of getting me
back to my zone so there's only two of
us look how much food we ordered
uploaded it is 1:30 a.m. I got my off
for tomorrow ready solids debating
between the professional swag and
superwoman swag well with Nana's help
she said to go super ones legs I'm doing
like the Hat and all that ish I'm really
really really really really excited this
will be the biggest stage of our
performed on and with the exception of
kid president who I feel like it's like
different from me I believe I'm the
first creator to like ever speak on the
stage every day of like a creator of my
type I'm gonna confirm that tomorrow but
I think that's true but I'm really
excited but so yeah that's why not I'm
now gonna watch one episode of American
Horror Story with nanu because she's
never watched it before him we both love
horror movies and I wanna see her anshel
I talking to you
in this menu are you saying I'm moving
no denial so nanny has this thing where
she won't she'll accept it I will not
let embrace it until it happens that's
just how I am Tony no I really mean okay
Balu something I'm gonna miss her more
than she misses me because I'm not no no
comprehend the move you know
it's cuz I'm moving to no one I'm gonna
move away from all my friends and family
be a loner and she's still gonna have
people here that's why it'll be hard
it's not just that she it's just that
she's so always in and out of the
country so it's not gonna hit me until I
think like maybe a month in her so you
know what I mean until I see that she's
not really coming back I'm gonna be back
within like 20 days I'm moving by the
way because there's a long time it's
pretty long I don't think you've been
gone between days that's for the time
you went to India May one new friend
he's home for so many years years my
name is chase clearly made up feel bad
for the guy so just let him do it
anyways anyways we're going to ISO mango
enjoin and go to sleep
you can check out my new video it is
called I'm the worst girlfriend ever the
link is in the description if you want
to check it out in if you didn't know I
post videos every Monday and Thursday
now you know I'm gonna go now if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like I subscribe
mmm you think up like 27 years well it's
not like I have my periods it's like
zero years old but like you don't have
time wait to get used to it no my like
boys and I'm gonna like this
conversation my friend like period
consistently hurts all the time and
there's a period of times like a few
years where I stop but like every once
in a while it comes back rooms like stop
starving I'm over there
