well what the hell no you've never seen
this mess right you think you've seen
this blaze a few days ago but if you my
friend never mother-effing saw this
blazer
good morning was good we're soon another
clap of Christmas a which means I can't
tell you a whole bunch of things nah man
we out here set design doing the thing
about you to clap I can't tell you
what's with me here's mission betrays
you we're going to do my hair make up
did it keep the script did it shoot the
video maybe do a self tape we'll see how
if we can write some scripts and shoot
this video very quickly let's go so I'm
good give me the point that was so much
fun the person elaborated with it's just
like oh into a million more videos with
them because they just brought the
characters so to life in such unique
wonderful waiting now I'm gonna change
cuz we got a release a video so much
releases clap oh shut up shut up Lisa
sclab obviously it means a lot to me
because today my collab is with Dwayne
the rock Johnson even though I've
started before you know it it means a
lot to me I flew to Hawaii and all the
dad-in-law
wish I would when I didn't he just
stress before anything else that's not
some fat back Wayne is the most humble
down-to-earth nice man I still maintain
one of the best humans on the planet
actually had the honor of having dinner
with him as well and he just gave me so
much wisdom was one of the best days of
my life and not even on some fangirl tip
but on some like mentorship Tara's like
ask him advice about so many things are
you so gracious to give me his time give
me so much valuable advice to me that
meant the world to me during the shoot
was so nice to my team gave all the time
honest take the facts also we had some
last-minute changes that happened with
the shoot not getting into detail a
last-minute someone else opposed to me
the shoot ended up not being this shoot
and I gotta get a shout out to my boy
Kyle Coons who plays Dwayne's best
friend the video was not supposed to be
his best friend up until 10 seconds
before we shot Kyle was so nervous but I
went to like big boy you're gonna do
this you're gonna nail this you are
confident you are smart Rob you've won
he killed it so tweet Kyle right now let
me know he killed it cuz homeboy came
through like a mother effing MVP we
about to release this issue baby tell
her you
today
oh now that that's done I have to read
an entire script to do a self tape when
I do a self tip I try to read the entire
thing even if it's like a movie in the
cameo I'm trying to audition for is like
a couple lines I read the whole script
so I'm not putting some work right now
you know what's the worst touching up
your makeup at 9:00 p.m. when you sleep
yourself but yo I read the entire
scripts the sides like the thing I
remember is the audition so long pages
and pages and Peregrine's I'm not gonna
lie - throws like f this I'm not doing
this this is not but then I just buckled
up and I did it you know why because
success doesn't always feel convenient
you shut the F up into your sometimes so
I memorized it and good old quality
Koons after he's done his anniversary
dinner which my always quality whose
anniversary today is gonna read these
with me on the phone because he's a
mother effing MVP myself no time to
anything
Canadian tuxedo I am so proud of myself
I super did not want to that audition I
was like yo Fred let me just I'm I'm
proud of you you did good Lily you
deserve a nice relaxing blurriness and
then also watch some sweet sweet Netflix
you are so proud you if you weren't here
I've been doing this because when you do
something is very important for you to
show yourself self-love you know you
have to take a moment to be like you did
that I'm proud of you love yourself and
I'm gonna do my laundry time to take off
my makeup whoo fantastic and of course
it never really goes away that obviously
did not go on the garbage but you can't
see the garbage so Bo gold basket gold
point point score score and now we gotta
get ready for bed done oh let's see how
we did today
oh I thought will Lily thank for joining
me on today water for adoptive day
script shoot breaking read a script
another script memorize it did the cells
tape went through my emails change the
laundry into forgot ball go
yo life is haha singing I do come to the
next clap of Christmas coming on
Saturday so you might want to save
mother for tool for that because the
days before if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
see I have kind of talked about the not
really talked about as much I thought
I'd use these 20 seconds to address
elephant in the room there's a lot of
creators talking about just YouTube in
them them D monetizing things and not
treating creators very fairly with the
way our videos would be you know stuff
and I always want to say it's rough out
here for youtubers my favorite youtubers
go show them some love because it's a
rough time for us out here just want to
say
