hi tornado to go through my room good
morning JK good afternoon it is 3:30
p.m. I slept in a little bit today
because I couldn't fall asleep last
night I fell asleep I like 4:35 it's cuz
I was like in my work zone and I like
had to do a bunch of creative work but I
woke up I have a call in like 20-ish
minutes and I have two other calls to do
after that and I also go to a dance show
today Pyro's dad's gonna show so I'm
gonna go check that out I'm trying to
like do one leisure thing every once in
a while that's my tactic to not go crazy
my room is uninspiring right now it is a
complete disaster me trying to organize
it into boxes and it's just couldn't
sleep here I can't function here I'm
gonna attempt to fix it a little bit at
least try to like the worst thing that
could happen is during this move if I
have to be like this for a month I just
need to alleviate as much stress as
possible as much stress as for example
in a vlog I think two days ago I
mentioned how like everyday I'll do
little things that my tomorrow self will
thank me for really minor let me give an
example last night I was holding like my
laptop holding a bunch of stuff and I
wanted a juice box from the fridge so I
open the fridge and the juice boxes are
there but they're all the plastic
wrapping stuff so I'm like with one hand
trying to like get it out I couldn't get
it out I was like oh so I put all my
stuff down it's a really minor thing but
I remember just being like oh my god why
why is that difficult it's all so tired
so what I did right at that moment does
that put all my stuff down took all the
plastic wrapping off all of them and now
for future references I can scoop and
grab a juice box stupid example but
that's a good example of the type of
thing I do every single day so this is
just one of those things where I want to
like you know some play some soca music
well I in the batty and imma clean some
of this stuff categorize it and I should
probably get a garbage bag I've noticed
our oh my cooks like that yo yo yo yo yo
yo so basically I just want to point out
that I'm really sorry I haven't send a
newsletter this month my month is a bit
swamped I am in the process of like
moving and reorganizing my team and all
this stuff so apologies if the
newsletter doesn't come up this month it
will come on December and for the new
year I'll make some decisions on what to
do with that but I just want to say I
didn't forget and I'm sorry and you
don't be man it means just because I
don't want you okay you I have come to
the realization that I have a seven
100 pairs of track pants lolly not now
700 pairs of track pants like legit I
cleared up this area so look my floor I
have a floor there yes I've my boxes are
getting full here I have my cake i
color-coordinated my closet but right
now I just I didn't do it cuz I'm like I
should to put things in it's fine
can't wait for the day I have walk-in
closet can't wait
yes so many presents at Passover why why
do I have somebody prays the trackpads I
look freaking sloth a sloth I just will
get ready for Pyro's dad show so I'm
gonna go do that and there was some like
fresh adidas sweater in ich some fresh
Nikes you know you mix and match World
Peace and stuff you know you know yeah
look at my dope I do this sweater though
which my matching shoes I'm so excited
I'm heading to pirate show downtown I
hate driving down I said a funny moment
my mom was in the kitchen when I got my
tofu that I'm meeting on the way there
um and she's like singing like I can't
feel my face when I'm like yo you know
he's from Toronto she's like oh yeah
like I know he sing about drugs right
I'm like hey what and said yeah I can't
feel my face when I'm with you is about
drugs right and I'm like he did my mom
just teach me a song is about drugs I
was like I thought it was about love but
is she right no I was like mom are you
cool I mean why do you know more songs
than me and know what they're talking
about I'm more informed I should say not
that drugs are like you know cool drugs
don't make people cool there's a turning
political I'm gonna start driving now
guys go okay so getting downtown was
chaos I know she's late chases late
everyone is late none the knees like two
minutes away so no okay and like it's
just chaos like there's so much traffic
so we're a little bit late already for
the show but I'm gonna head inside and
try to save a whole bunch of seats
probably people other than place they
don't have seasons what fall looks like
it's very pretty and it smells like fall
it smells like loose go Mandy gave me
belated birthday present look at you
he's so sweaty
I'm sweating yes yes
and now we are going into Starbucks to
get some hot chocolate everything is
very eventful we're turning up it is
actually cold I thought about it it's
really cold I mean it's not hot up to
November it's not hot okay right now one
popcaan just got back in a little bit
later than I anticipated but I'm gonna
do some work now and chase might be
coming over this jacket pyro gave me is
just so dope like it's so dope oh my god
got the ls and it's like a leather well
fake leather obviously because I'm not
about real leather and then like the
back to supers in 1988 like it's so dope
should I sell these like oh my god I
love that it's random guy showed up at
my house to distract me from all my work
I was just with him at the show but he's
here we're gonna eat I'm eating some
noodles cousin healthy process just like
not even real food it's like plastic
then don't do someone look at the nice
space I found him on the bed Chase is
sleeping the other rooms I can't sleep
there so I cleared my bed I have a full
bed which means that I had to put stuff
back on the floor over there but it's
the least a little bit more organized I
guess right like it's write write write
write comment below and say right well
I'm gonna have to bed I'm actually gonna
read a little bit I have like this much
left of Mindy's books I'm gonna finish
it and then I'm gonna head to bed
tomorrow is tomorrow I've got to Skype
meetings one conference call um what
else do I got I want to work on that
video so I'm gonna both what I'm trying
to do the one direction one it's really
like on the on the fence I really don't
know if I can do it or not I'm gonna
figure it out and see if it's possible
and eat the work day Saturday work day
yeah Saturday and Sunday are gonna be
intense work days also big announcement
very very cool on Monday I'm actually
flying to Ottawa for one day
because I have the honor and privilege
of speaking out we day and we don't know
where this massive evangelist likes
18,000 students and they'll go from lift
schools across the country and they get
to hear people speak and see
performances and it's such an honor just
really a Gomez's speak and I like smoke
out meeting like so many like really
cool artists have smoke in there and
it's like a really big honor and
privilege and I get to speak out we do
not what I'm so excited
that's really cool I'm gonna been in
this cleared bed my mom was just because
my life and starfish tonight if you like
it if you like it subscribe just finish
the panel it was great rose upon to the
stage the crew these two are so sweet
and sad they never got I first vomited
on the stage and everything was great
