good morning San Francisco it is 9
o'clock I'm heading downstairs I got my
yellow blazer on my jeans I got my dunks
I'm headed to this panel I'm right after
the panel men back to the airport to fly
back for five and a half hours so a
little bit of a crazy travel schedule
for such a short amount of time of the
dilute minutes time persons come for
like 15 hours but it's all good my hair
is so out of control and oily but I'm
just gonna let Mission acclaims menu
style no I mean this menu style is
called wild untamed rat mess letter I
don't know
let's go discounts you know I need to
stretch a little bit you know stop it
I'm actually 2 minutes early so not
gonna do anything to delay we being 2
minutes early I change my outfit it's
white it's fine I'm at hello audience of
Lilly Singh of Thomas Sanders hi Brock
hey I'd make snapchat so Jeff fixtures
on my phone I'm very excited this panel
and a break safety all guns guns council
people how did you pick those glasses no
comment below if you like the glasses
that is mouse okay
work work and now they're gonna ask with
the camera sooner did their conversation
started YouTube Lilly Singh
but I will say 12 seconds now available
y'all are loaded Lilly killed it should
be great right now yeah they're cuddly
just finish the panel and it was great
roses on to the stage these two are so
sweet and something everybody first
vomited on the stage and everything was
great
yeah so I'm back at the airport and
we've been a couple hours the panel and
great it was great meeting everyone back
at the airport and I'll have a five and
a half journey our journey home and
there's still like two hours until my
flight so just a lot of dilly-dallying
going on this is like made this trip is
made for humble basically board this
plane I heard them say that there's pods
in this plane which is like the complete
lying down situation so let's see what's
good cuz I'm gonna do some work I must
finish Mindy's book I couldn't read so
much about the first live I'm gonna
finish it but watching American Horror
Story I feel really excited for this if
there's a pod let's see this plane
doesn't have Wi-Fi so I can't do that
much work I think of some work not that
much but like I'm really happy about
this I'm not too into like these fancy
things like some nozzle treatment
whatever yo I take some champagne I hate
champagne I'll take some like cheese's
and grapes
really though I just love mac and cheese
so we're flying back home island sore
dickless I bought a cup lane I'd like to
it's to essentially right now and I like
that Tim well like 9:30 told a shot
displaying so like I said I'm a read I'm
really enjoying movies book and I had
the second baby I also really want to
buy amber Rose's new book my Sony books
I want to read and maybe you should just
quit everything in life move to like the
jungle and read interesting but that's
the plan and 366 days of Lachlan hey I'm
not this is you know I have nothing to
say when I was talking crap aside
absolutely nothing to say but I just
feel like vlogging right now so I'm
really happy with his mother effing
Potter just watch two more episodes of
American Horror Story I'm hope that's it
I'm hooked
it's AG less scary you know because I'm
like used to all the things that are
happening the storylines are really good
a really trig so hopefully you can hear
me with the airplane is chilling
living the life right now I didn't do
any work I not for a bit I ate I watched
her grow her story now just like about
John I was like
chi'lan Micmac converts
kind of want to ask them for a KitKat
also should I get KitKat I probably
shouldn't get a kit kat
you know what I love most about this
Airport every time I land back home all
the custom agents like all know me
selects aluminum go ahead I'm like yay
we're home this is the airport that is
my second home I can't hear anything my
ears are plugged this is the place my
parents always pick me up from I'm
they're running a little bit late though
so I'm like a Forgotten child I had a
good time in San Francisco it was a
really short trip but I got I was just
gonna panel it was with them one
snapchatter one binder and me and we got
to talking firm with all these suits of
all like what we do and it's really cool
and the moderator for the panel was
Gavin and he's the executive producer of
the Jimmy Fallon show that's really cool
and I don't mean time I didn't do I
didn't post anything on Facebook today I
don't do any work today I'm a vlog
behind now but it's okay I'm gonna catch
up I'm gonna do some work when I get
home and then tomorrow this video day
Thursday so the work continues continues
and hopefully by tomorrow I'll get some
news about me having a place so that
will be nice you can see brass knuckles
ten degrees Celsius but you can still
see breath all righty then people are
judging everywhere I'm home time to play
with my toys you know you know you
remind me of a girl that I once knew
yeah peace wherever
look and you wanna believe all of that
how do I think I can sing what my
parents are sleeping I washed my hair
felt great because my hair really need
to washed and I got home and I don't so
don't feel like doing anything I'm not
it's the truth it's like too late to
start working in sick a weird time so
I'm gonna like watch an episode of
American Horror Story goodbye life no
but when I watch one episode then I'm
gonna sleep and wake up tomorrow I think
humbles gonna come over at like 12:30 so
we're gonna have the gut for the next
two weeks have so many ambitious
projects I don't know who I think I am
recently I've been trying to make so
many ambitious projects happen I don't
know in my brain I just feel like your
year is coming to an end and I feel like
I have to like finish strong so like I
keep thinking up all these really
difficult projects that I'm trying to do
and like a give you guys a little hint
it's not confirmed that I'm gonna do it
but I'm basically trying to release a
video before one D drops a new album on
November 13th because I wanted a 1d
themed video and have a great idea but I
can't it's one of those things I can't
do it myself again so we'll see if we
can happen or not but that's why I'm
trying to make happen and you know next
month is December and I think December
is Christmas and I think I usually do
something around Christmas twelve of
something so I'm working on that is all
but I don't ever think I am but for the
next two weeks I'd be like beast mode so
we'll go to bed starting tomorrow
oh um but thank for joining me on
another day back home beast mode let's
go
did you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe subscribe
