good morning it's 1d day he's here well
my phone is going off so we're shooting
my One Direction video today and the
most important thing and thing I want to
emphasize this time is to literally
download my brain onto humbles brain
because during the thriller shoot one of
the issues we had was I kept thinking
people in new division but I never
really thoroughly explained it to them
so I'm gonna totally let humble know the
vision so he can make creative decisions
and it's like a simple shoot is a lot
it's a lot of scenes but I'm trying to
like be like okay this shot doesn't have
to be exactly like this is mine so in
other words and being very anti Lilly
and just chill out a little bit but for
the sake of because I feel like the
simplicity of the video will do up
sometimes less is more and I believe in
this case that is true I do like if I do
really high advanced certain shots and
scenes I just won't be able to tell a
good story in completion so that's what
I'm telling myself ok let's go alright
so we just made a shot list feeling good
the stories and require me to change it
to mind you twice so I'm actually doing
like double character work because it's
just like oh forget about my so I've
changed a lily twice yourself please
yeah that it changed to myself twice and
a fourth character of a nun be forever
split second you forgot a shot list with
Andy yeah what born is Buddhist how do
you feel I feel wonderful tell the truth
now I do look we got everything is clear
in a lot of shots and then we just have
to do what's your guesstimated time
we're gonna finish I'm gonna tell you
mine every time yours um I think we'll
be done shooting an under Wow
11:30 know i'ma say 2 a.m. it depends on
where we shoot the legit way I'm missing
2 or 3 a.m. on the way to work with
11:30 act like we're not gonna have for
pizza breaks in between this there is a
difference or oh you do like this you do
make a document this guy's from the
freakin 1800s this week look how inside
the document not even as like a document
just copied and pasted into the emails
look at me I'm a girl and I'm showing my
lat
humble is being so wonderful I was took
so long to get ready and he didn't get
annoyed and let's see deciding here
right now no no just I'm conserving my
energy
oh he's conserving his energy great this
is what I told him I admitted today I'm
like I'm not as prepared as I usually am
today so just bear with me so I'm like
moving kind of slow and not as on top of
it but it's gonna be good
he likes the idea I do yeah um first
song we're gonna go shoot right now is
night changes in a restaurant
it's humbles friend that owns a
restaurant called symposium right
symposium in like Vaughn Woodbridge area
so that's what we're heading and it's
gonna begin and then I'm changing into
my Jeep after that to do some scenes in
the same restaurant Hey
we're off to a wonderful start I'm a I
didn't really use was blocking we're off
to a wonderful start
homeboy hooked us up with the restaurant
symposium thank you so much yes
we got the shot list and the monopod and
a tripod yes
but we brought snacks so really I think
where we know our priority yeah that's
right that's it so we just finished the
first scene I'm really happy without
returning out because the lens we board
from Rick is like so beautiful and this
lighting
um it smoothly cool and we'll go over
some fries now and I'm gonna order a
Cosmo because whatever like breaks many
breaks god no I'm going to turn to my
cheats all these people here are gonna
be like what just happened the hardest
part is turning it back into Lily
because which I have to do because the
makeup is obviously like when gee
there's no makeup and a beard this is
like so I mean what the real people
hello when do you think gently got
sector 17 this handsome guy here and
then how handsome I look last shot we
have some Instagram quality pictures
right now just can you think of those
right there
the shadow you see where is hex key hey
and welcome to my sitter so we just saw
something so dope while driving there's
a one direction of billboard and I'm
like why we're not using this LM sorry I
know spin you let me took them Chester
skin Matt I'm do my city look at this
very card six side we just patched one
direction Villopoto I'm like oh my god
we could use this one for the video
shooter video DFP look this is he and
our ticket our very Vega thank you
hello you need to find that before the
last oh I don't know anything do you
know how to get there I know that
everybody can to steal my girl okay so
the funniest thing just happened will
come this parking lot and from a distant
from a distance this girls like the
parking lot girl is like looking at me
weird and I call check are you
superwoman like she recognized Minji
from that part was pretty far beautiful
she recognized one dude from that part I
was like that's it's kind of a physical
thing do you think midget is more famous
than you hundred son hello
but it's okay when just cool that hey
we're cool guy you just exiting thank
you thank you I'm going insane today
what I want is of t-shirt referencing so
I'm walking through the mall as Manjeet
and I'm just thinking about how
ridiculous this is
cougar looking I'm huge I feel like it
was looking at her like she's so brave
like awesome Caitlyn Jenner blye's you
know I think I think all the ladies are
gonna be getting I'm cesky as I do my
scarf in it walking through a mall I see
one of my spicy ladies here I scare the
crab at I she she miss me Big Daddy oh
my god I did hello good check out my
city Toronto Toronto last e silent
Toronto no slow szostak way longer than
anticipated way way way longer
what time is it we're way behind getting
Jordan two out of four songs now it was
really hard to find a location now no no
no how do you feel about your 11:30
estimated time will my to the house now
so
I got to change back into Lily that
means a completely taking all my makeup
complete
doing I make a girl 11:30 I'm gonna
change it to one you sit through I said
two or three schools to me yeah all
right so we just stopped through the
shot with his billboard check this out
how perfect is this there come on that's
a picture wrap on mangy dog the bottom G
lie down time is 2:00 a.m. that's a wrap
on button teeth I am now changing my
prediction to like when we're gonna be
done done
I'm gonna say 4:30 4:30 have you ever
done an hour it's been taking 15 minutes
change into Lily
I got a reactor bottom sheets whole song
I got to do all the car shots I got a do
you have a car shop too dirty not do
things like 3:30 I'm say ports are you
if we also do the unti shot four three
four thirty million dollars breakfast so
if anything I should know you go in
terms of our priorities good is it for
three is it five boom dolls request for
for America's all day all right for the
second time today I gotta turn into
glammed-out Lily which is a full face of
makeup Oh goddamn it worth it worth it
was it round to Lego so we're back in
the car doing shots ah um it's so foggy
outside I feel like zombies are gonna
come attack us it's so so so foggy it's
cold it's Cheerilee Cheerilee on my leg
hairs are going back that I shaved
specifically for this video and honestly
there's only like one shot we see my
legs and I'm just like oh what a waste
we just finished our last shot and the
time is 4:50 a.m. so pretty much 5 it
and we're both wrong both wrong when you
thought 11:30 know it is an either was
no IDs camera probably that's that's the
main shoot you can turn around your work
in under one hour
it's 508 a.m.
both of us were like f McDonald's
breakfast too tired can't do it finished
shooting humble just went home um one up
t-shirt reference I'm gonna wash my face
then I'm gonna edit this vlog because
I'm with three vlogs behind and post a
blog and tomorrow all day you always
spend anything this video which will be
monstrous to edit yo I gotta give a huge
shout out in team super you gotta show
some support and love to humble he
stayed with me all day until 5:00 in the
morning and I was so like I already knew
was an awesome guy but also taken aback
but even I like 2:00 3:00 a.m. we're
doing shots and if they didn't turn out
he would injure the guy yeah next one he
like no I think like this look better
and like let's try like this like he's
still really cared about how look and I
was like yo man that's dope he's such a
friggin I love em and I was like so like
damn good people so go show him some
love Bhushan some support because he
holds it down for team super and like
that's my homie right there um remember
I made a minute bitching I really hope
you liked this video
yes I have stupid amounts of blush on
because I need it you know of all the
things that happen in this vlog I have
to explain it if you liked it subscribe
if you liked it subscribe your dis is
short
don't know what is that makeup you made
in blush Oh going kid before I kick you
in the butt
