who doesn't have something lined or
something spongebob squarepants what up
t-shirt reference good morning come here
I changed my clothes I took a shower it
was 3:30 p.m. I woke up a few hours ago
had a call I'm out of breath because in
Toronto took so much out of me but I
have a bunch of errands - today I am
headed to staples to print some legal
forms I need to mail that I need to go
to the post office and renew my p.o box
important public service announcement my
peal box can be cancelled December 1st
so that's it there now until December
1st that's it after that is God if God
is God River so because I'll be moving
holy grown-up things happening right now
but I do that I have a quick appointment
I got a whole bunch of things to do
today can be a very productive day I'm
already done my video it is when your
BFF is in a relationship with Joshua and
Colleen so I'm excited about that
look at that ready to release our videos
3:30 p.m. I think it's safe to say Lilly
is back let's get to it
tried tried tried called cry
to tell you so sorry sorry for breaking
your heart and something I am headed out
to run some errands I got my veggie
burger shirt on just a burger but I'm
claiming it's a veggie burger I don't
want any makeup today because I just
want to give my skin a little bit of a
break I'm wearing my Crayola kicks
Krillin naked chicks and I'm headed out
also while I'm heading out let me tell
you tomorrow I'm actually flying to San
Francisco for just one day I'm part of a
really cool panel and that's what's
happening tomorrow so I'm kind of on
that whole we're looking for one day so
I don't need to pack that much so I'm
not too stressed about the packing
situation but I still need to you know
get my urge to get you so I just printed
some itch I do print a legal form it's
so wack
it had to be printed on blue paper I'm
like how inconvenient to but I got a
printed lot some boxes to start
organizing some of my stuff at least a
little bit that what the boxes are
they're like anytime I have some free
time like they start doing it not that
I'm gonna be packing boxes I'm gonna be
taking suitcases obviously but this is
just like start organizing my stuff into
white piles so my room is not an
absolute disaster for the whole month
when an old-school Jam plays on the
radio makes your name
they make my day
no so I just check my pill box um and
there's so many more boxes little just
like oh this is all great I love when
you send me stuff and I'm like where do
your boxes go on ball bridge and because
honestly my room has more boxes than an
application form my room has more boxes
than a game of Tetris I guess those are
blocks of the same thing my room has
more boxes than man oh man oh man I am
famished
I'm so hungry but first I'm open up
these boxes see what's good I swear
y'all know me better than like my
friends and family who's this from let's
check
let me check the card I'm sorry you send
this card maybe you want me to see your
name I don't know but janessa
all my favorite things here we go oh
yeah yeah she's great thank you
oh my god I'm singing my cat that enjoys
the packaging okay oh this is the box
full of all the stuff
Oh Lego a company called dear K send me
these dope yoga like performance pants
I'm all about this anything that make my
booty look right you I mean this is dope
check this out
easy diction calm sent me this necklace
I'm so about this has two hearts and on
one of the hearts you ready for it it
has one love and it says to super I
don't wanna run over and thank you
correction that necklace was from
Jessica a fan who's got it from that
company so Thank You Jessica morning
right now this is dope resistor what
concerned unicorn pencils and they say
unicorn Island on
ah what does it say they all say unicorn
island they're pink and white I'll never
not have a pencil out gang
I'll just struggle to find a sharp roof
I'm very upset right now I'm very
annoyed right now
she's got an email the basically said
the place that I wanted to book for
December 1st got sold and they're not
renting any more so now I'm back to not
having a place I just need I just I just
need this to work I just need my life to
work right now I need to work I'm gonna
spend oh god man put on some makeup had
to do a shot of something just kick him
I'm gonna bring those boxes upstairs and
start dealing with that a little bit
because I don't have to pack first I'm
leaving to San Francisco tomorrow like
6:00 something it's like I'm back in the
morning because I like to pack one
outfit so I'm gonna do with this the
time is 11 p.m. a little bummed about my
apartment situation I really hope my
realtor can find another one I was like
my heart was really set on that place
and it's really important for me the
place I understand to be perfect it's
not gonna have everything I needed
because it's a short-term just temporary
place but I'm moving from home a moving
moment from all my family and friends is
important that wherever I stay like
makes me feel happy and good like I need
a lot of natural I need to be a place I
like or awesome some get super depressed
and I'm not about that so I'm not bummed
about that but I don't know I guess I'll
go eat some chocolate and just deal with
it
what have I started here all right this
is the stat the progress the bed clearly
I can't sleep there today uh-huh this is
the keep box that's all to the rim
almost it's the donate box I think half
full
three-quarters full good progress good
progress I'm sure this is not even like
this is just like a first phase keep
what actually packed to take my stuff
and my gonna take all this stuff but um
good good progress so far I think so
much stuff already they always need a
garbage garbage up here I'm thirsty I
just suggested beer with new song I'll
show you it's so good this music is so
good like I'm not I haven't recovered
from sorry it and he's gonna drop I'll
show you like I can't I think I'm gonna
watch another episode of American Horror
Story or I'm gonna try to at least it
doesn't help that I'm gonna be in a
different room I'm not familiar with as
familiar with so like I'll be freaked
out but that's what I'm gonna do and
then um I wake up tomorrow I'm back then
we're heading to San Francisco tomorrow
but thanks for joining me on another day
team super I love you so much and if you
liked it subscribe if you liked it
subscribe
sure was aft Wow I was not expecting to
be that scary and that I've been twisted
of it's really F interested
