today will be different today I'm up
look at me
I'm dressed I got my shoes on I got my
little fall jacket on
I'm headed to a show that o shinies
performing and I think Lauren's
performing it as well
I just downtown I'm only like a couple
of minutes late not very very late as
per usual something bathroom quick to
eat and then let's go alright as I was
saying we're looking to perform my
unicorns and then today is a work day my
face class walk walk oh alright so I was
arrested I was late but then these
people showed up later the reason I said
I have no idea what you expected the
show I literally really differrent will
support the unicorns
oh great I can make a whole montage just
of you and the ridiculous things
everything you do just ridiculous in
every way everything we're currently
talking about my move and how we're
gonna have to remain friends this is my
prediction let me shoot off the bat
she's gonna stop being my friend
JC I agree with me yeah I feel like
feels not be my friend also just like
Miranda why you're sure it's Miranda
sure it Wayne so which kind of convinced
I'm trying convincing or should still be
my friend he just has our toys I'm his
only friend but she has other options of
home now the show was so cute as a
drawable so proud of what shiny and
Lauren I felt like a proud mama and
going home to work as everything we're
working everything's against me boo me
it's rainy it's cold I don't care I'm
gonna go home and work that's what's
happening right now so leg ow
all right I'm home I'm not gonna lie I
did speak for 40 minutes um and some of
those messages where's a dude open work
that got me up cuz I'm not gonna lie I
slept for four more hours I don't know
what it is
Sam um I don't know what it is I'm
constantly tired I don't know if it's
like I keep making excuses but I'm
recognizing they're all excuses now so
shut up and get to work
Oh Coco crazy I am officially back at it
open Rockstar I got to work and now I'm
feeling and now I'm like yo I'm gonna go
beast mode so you ready for you ready
for my seat belt strap in for a
workstation
dawg yeah got you 44 p.m. I have cleared
both of my inboxes sent a whole bunch of
emails totally caught up on my emails
what a tomorrow's video I made myself
some noodles I'm I'm super weird right
now Elsa so I'm thinking I starting on
the show and I've been in between like
The Walking Dead or American Horror
Story a Quantico might be good too hmm
I'm leaning towards American Horror
Story cuz I like horror but uh I like
whore comment let me know what you think
I let you know what I decide in a few
Clips but like stop and comment below
let me know what shows you watch so I
can like kind of see what's going on
first of all how dope were these
headphones you dope right got them a
long time ago um as a gift from YouTube
for one of the events I went to so I did
a vote on Twitter I did a poll what do
you think I start watching The Walking
Dead or American Horror Story and
American Horror Story is winning so I'm
going to start watching American Horror
Story a humbles a quat watching The
Walking Dead
so where's the exchange no it's not like
what we think is good and stuff but I'm
gonna go wash my face get into bed I do
a lot of work today I'm very proud of
myself I'm actually done editing
tomorrow's video it's a Colleen with a
Colleen it's a cloud with Colleen and
Josh I'm Sam and then I'm watching some
my can or are you my bed and hopefully
not get terrified okay I know it's dark
and it's a very unflattering shot they
look weird I'm just little by the light
of my laptop but look at the event I
just made for like I don't want to say
going away thing because I'm I'm I'm
gonna be back so often but like this is
a thing
Oh No
29th and it's hitting me now and I'm
just like some of my friends don't even
know and how they're gonna find out this
event so it's real this is a real thing
that's happening right now I'm so
stressed oh okay hold on a second
I didn't realize that with these shows
like I know this is very unflattering
but I was actually scared because I'm
watching alone in a dark bedroom right
now and it's been four seconds I don't
full of regret because it's already
scary it looks like wait it's actually
scary cuz I do not expect that I watch
horror movies all the time but now I'm
like I'm gonna make you a horrible
horrible mistake
according to Twitter I am so mm-hmm
that sure was wow I was not expecting to
be that scary and that I've been twisted
of it's really effing twisted it's after
this show is after holy crap and I've
seen like a lot of horror movie it
wasn't like scary I was like oh my god I
wanna watch was like twisted is the best
way to describe it's like ah up try to
go to sleep hopefully maybe with the
lights on oh I get to the lights out but
like I don't know if I'll be able to
watch the second episode we'll see but
i'ma go to bed thank you for joining me
in my day my day oh my god oh kill me oh
my day and tomorrow is super Monday
we're gonna release a video and have a
great day hope you had a great day did
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
