my mother and the ovaries doh oh my
stomach hurts so much but I will
persevere yesterday I had the most
useless day ever because there's like
went to bed my ovaries were like that's
literally what they look like and now
I'm just like trying too big no stop you
think I feel like 27 years well it's not
like I have my periods it's like zero
years old like you don't have time we
can get used to it no my like boys that
I'm gonna like this conversation my pen
like period consistently hurts all the
time and there's a period of times like
a few years where it stopped but like
every once in a while it comes back
rooms like stop stopping I'm over this
stop it how has science not figured out
a way to like make this not a thing or
have they a safe way to make this not
anyway I'm done I'm done I'm done talk
about periods period I am I need some
gas
I need some gas in my car not in my
stomach less gas on my stomach my gas in
my car
we're off to a very disgusting started
this vlog but I need to like throw some
things away I'm headed to pickle humble
we're going to Rick's on 7c Rick and so
long when I'm just picking up some
camera equipment because I want to
borrow his camera for the One Direction
video I'm trying to shoot so let's do
that
combo let me know do you like to smell
gas or like prone to marker like it's
like that in my car this is a freshman I
was logged myself doing something like
mildly normal like this yes I pump gas
into my car it's a mirage Oh God I
picked up all of our vices Rockstar for
me 5-hour energy for humble and oh Henry
for humble because if I'm ever hungry
he's like really unpleasant to be around
so oh Henry usually solves that problem
is this shadow I don't even know it okay
you know what just give up on this
giving up on this now no make up Monday
except on a Sunday let's go monumental
moment all right tell us what kind of
samosas is so we got dough so samosa on
this side and then I've got Jedi masala
samosas in here and this box here is for
you guys it's for
so happy Diwali but we've got three
different flavors okay oh god Russell my
cheesecake good really samosa you can
apple pie apple pie you like you take
edges like coherent stuff oh my god yes
thank you my mom has to try the dress
familiar one she doesn't believe it
no she doesn't believe it oh my god okay
she doesn't believe that it's a thing
did ignored can be similar mine's a
samosa
it's a samosa and she's leaving us so I
may or may not have just had the reason
I'll say like threes look at this pimp
over here
whose pimple and then I complain so this
was a so good or so good I told mister
Chipotle one no rice bowls masa McEntee
samosa mac and cheese actually going
into a restaurant next month with spicy
ketchup restaurant just got that from me
and then we got buyer chicken jerk
chicken cheeseburger and then for three
sweet ones never wanna see why my baby
ear and you gone old because me that is
more severe I said we have to go home
cuz you happy productive we have work to
do it these two idiots have made me sir
god damn have so much stuff to do now
that we have successfully not been
productive for the
monster works that should we had to go
to my house and do some work I'm gonna
pay the conference and do some work get
these symbols stay out of my face would
eat them on the way home so good so now
he's home and he's eating some of these
samosa a warmed up he's much traffic is
a lesson well so I don't like that you
know that's like a carrot dessert thing
and carrots and desserts weird to me
it's a weird thing for me carrots this
is really hot though Mandana yeah
yeah I can't wait dona the mums not sure
I wondered if I went to if certain young
man I have this not accomplished a lot
of work I tweaked my speech for a wee
day tomorrow as you know I'm going to
Ottawa for we day so I did that whole
bunch of other work and I dropped as
long as to both drop videos dope now
we're gonna take a scheduled break so he
can watch episode 1 of American Horror
Story which I am feeling great about cuz
I already know all the scary parts are
so I don't like it like see more OG than
I actually have but and then after that
went back to work right just watch me I
think she enjoys that no no that's not
true that's at you I actually how hard
time watching movies cuz I have a hard
time following the storyline because I'm
always paying attention to what the
actors are doing so like oh how they
acted that scene was really cool but I
wonder like what the production of this
the guys start thinking about behind the
scenes anyways well let's do it the time
is 4:00 a.m. and note the exact time
actions 3:50 a.m. on Monday November 9th
and I have officially declared humble as
a crazy ridiculous let me explain - the
situation is very big I'm gonna vaguely
extreme situation don't worry I'm gonna
if you just shut up for a second here -
all you bloggers this is a lesson in
life and how not how to tell a story
without telling a story I'm gonna tell
you story you know nobody team tells
about the start hummel is an
over-thinker
he struggles to make decisions because
he overthinks things one of the
strengths I have over humbles I'm better
able to make decisions okay this doesn't
make me a better person doesn't it
better Princeton but I'm able to clearly
just like this is a solution so he isn't
a predicament I told him what to do this
was like 20 30 minutes ago yeah he's
still sitting here evaluating all the
options rethinking it second-guessing
what I said second
we should do he knows exactly what to do
we've exhausted all the options or not a
complicated it's a complicated situation
but what I said is literally the only
solution there is he knows that she came
would not when this final solution was
presented she said this is a possible
solution but then she critics you like
but that's kind of whack
then later on after realizing there's
nothing better so went back to the
sensible okay so I know we're speaking
very vain your pug whatever you talking
about basically it's a simple as this
you have to make a decision based on
your priorities great no matter what the
decision let's say for example I want to
go to sleep right now but humbles here
so now I'm like oh damn homeless here
about how do I go to sleep so this will
humble we're doing the situation I'm
tired but like you know what I wanna go
to sleep I'm tired but like Billy's here
and like all this food is here and I'm
gonna put the food away if you want to
sleep and then I haven't even from my
bed is like ready to sleep in and then
if I go to sleep what time will I wake
up and like what if I have a bad dream I
die in my sleep and like this is what my
brain will be like hey humble you're
more than welcome to continue working
here I'm tired so I'm gonna go to sleep
goodnight that would be my submission
because my priority is sleeping my
priority is not being courteous to him
I've decided in my brain my priority is
to go to sleep
so if he's decided what his priority is
your actions have to match with your
priorities so according to his priority
I gave him the action yet he's still
here breath going over and over and over
again in his brain what he's gonna do
this is humble he's wasted a thousand a
thousand minutes sitting here going back
and forth about something that he knows
and never agrees enough listen to me
this is not okay
often he'll involve Google research into
a decision that literally like again
back to the sleepers he'd be Wikipedia
it how to tell your friends you wanna
listen he would be doing right he's
ridiculous ridiculous you guys just know
this is actual rare moment where she's
actually funny apparently seven million
people are confused seven million people
are confused yeah I mean I'm always my
dad when you're talking about it's like
some ridiculous time like 5 a.m. 5:30
and something like that I dunno what
time is it 5:30 a.m. I gotta leave for
the airport at about 11:15 so I'm asleep
for six ish hours and then Hank Ottawa
for waste well you're not coming I know
she and I are heading to Ottawa for weed
and I'm really excited I've never been
doing it's so crazy to think that the
first time gonna go I'm gonna be
speaking which is really really really
cool so I'm excited for that so yeah I'm
gonna be stupid if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe
