yeah I definitely woke up like this I'm
sure there's a whole bunch of eye
boogers in my eyes but I just woke up I
haven't vlogged in two days because I've
been sitting here in front of my
computer just editing away this video
and I think setting happened besides me
going like a zombie sub the MJ Thriller
video is out I am truthfully 87% happy
with it I think it's really great with
the amount of time I had but I know if I
had the two more hours of shooting or
one more day of like things it probably
would have been perfect in my mind but
I'm still really happy with how it
turned out and I'm so glad a lot of you
like it a lot of people are making fun
of my singing that's fine that's a risk
I took I never claimed to be a singer
I'm I do comedy it's fine but I'm really
happy with how it turned out and I think
it's cool MTV picked it up which is
really cool so I feel good about it I
feel happy that I put so much effort
into it and I hope this Halloween and
gives you a little bit of spooky nation
other than that I know I kept saying for
Halloween don't want to dress up as
Khaleesi but I have nowhere to go a
bunch of my friends going on tonight but
it's like so last-minute and I think
we're gonna do some work and that really
excites me actually cuz I've become so
behind and all the things I have to do
while editing this video so it'll
actually make me feel so good to catch
up on all the emails I have so the
possibility humble might come over for a
work session I think my nephews are over
right now then tomorrow I'll go to my
nephews house like with my unicorn
onesie and hand out candy and I'm
totally content with that I'll be
Khaleesi next year it's fine that's what
we're doing today and I got a whole
bunch of packages I need to open a whole
bunch of work I need to do but okay okay
so I just opened this box this time so I
got I think I know what it is I was so
excited because my publicist was like
when you go home
expect to have these and I'm freaking
out because this is like some next-level
okay
okay so I see the Jordan thing and I did
ask for these and I never thought they
would happen because they're like
impossible to get so you know I don't
have a pair of Jordans but there's only
because I said I only want to start with
one pair
oh wee oh joy it is baby sick son so if
you know anything my shoes these shoes
are very hard to get to the drink Jordan
club thank you so much okay let me make
this my thumb knows enough okay so I
have a really hard time I know that I
sound ridiculous because you like saw
the video I just released know which
work it was but I have a really hard
time being productive in Toronto now
because like being home I don't I know I
need to like either have a work buddy or
like leave the house humble that I
always talk about this he might come
over later so we can work together but I
have a really hard time working alone
sometimes in Toronto um because I think
this kind of vibe like no one else is
really doing what I'm doing so it's hard
to like look around and get inspiration
but I was gonna have a productive day
until I noticed that Google Halloween
themed game on their homepage and it's
so cool look at this this see quick play
right and you pick a team I picked red
before and you basically collect candy
this is not a paid advertisement
I am literally just astonished and this
is the thing right now
okay I'm sucking cuz I'm trying to vlog
at the same time but you just collect
candy and then basically anyone can pick
a color team and it calculates how many
like okay I'm trying to do too many
things at once and feelings but the
point is after you're done playing it
shows you how many people from each
color of collected coins like from
across everyone who's played the games
it's so cool
goodbye priorities productivity I'll be
doing this vinick's 12 hours technology
deleted my damn clip okay this one has
like really cool lights that are like
bomb calm ah it's not going especially
the battery's low but it's just tired
from stuck in everyday
I am amused by these things like I saw
this really cool Facebook video where my
mom I saw a google facebook video
someone uses part of their costume
through the red carpet over it and I was
like genie from Aladdin and used it as a
carpet that's pretty cool it's not just
like the arm is not having costume like
killing the game right now chill in the
game we're just gonna get any more
useless that the use of our limbs
children my main homie right here hi I
say hi say hi team super gay yeah that's
right so double I love him yo the time
is why do I always do this the time is
about 9 p.m. I have done literally zero
work today zero I do have a lot of
things to catch up on but it's the
weekend now I can do tomorrow tomorrow
Saturday that's Michael watching movie
my mom and have a relaxing day because I
don't think my brain is ready to like
jump into work right now I think I need
one day just be like not doing anything
at least that's what I'm telling myself
and I'm gonna go make some popcorn now
tour whoa yo about to watch pitch back
for - we just haven't seen which is like
blasphemic and fluidizing it's obviously
not guys support boy I'm so excited
about that my mom's hand that so our
family is less than a hundred
subscribers away from 7 million unicorns
hmm congratulations to you super we have
officially hit 7 million YouTube
subscribers hold up congratulations this
is not everyone's like hashtag to 7
million Oh 7 milli for Team super we're
in this together
congratulations you all were like
counting down to the minute with me and
so wonderful and so sweet it's amazing I
feel like I somebody hit me like I'm
just kind of stayed of like oh okay cool
yeah and hasn't hit me because I think
I'm just like I just sleep on it or
something but this is an amazing year we
there is nothing we cannot do if we
stick together so I'm freaking a woman
about it I'm very happy I've decided as
a resulting with salad bread I took a
shower well I'm bedroom I can do any
work it makes my hot chocolate and watch
some issue on my laptop
think about ballers I solved two
episodes ago and not 20 working delays
because I I can do that today I can do
that by tomorrow he's back on the hustle
you used to call me on my cell phone
Cheers up to hot nope layna weenie my
you know when we hit 70 aiding just
about later when we put in 7 minute you
know it's about team super silly I
that's my cue to go to bed I'm had this
hard chocolate I'm going to watch summer
ballers and I'm going to go to sleep I
did zero work today but it's okay cuz
tomorrow I'm gonna kill it tomorrow's
Halloween um I want you to specifically
see but I thought was for my unicorn
onesie go to my sister's house see my
dog will nephews and then I might go to
a movie after a good horror movie is
actually all I want and it's back to
work congratulations I'm so so proud of
us you're the best and it's only onwards
and upwards listen from be real with you
team super like Natasha Cedars we only
just gettin started
I ain't no stoppin now if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe because between
both these channels we got 8 milli son
and daughter how terrifying
do I look right now she did such a good
job I'm like I can't look at myself in
the mirror
