why do I do this to myself good morning
it is 12:20 what I'm so tired the
struggle to get up today I'm basically
heading to a school funny story my grade
5 and 8 teacher who I'm still friends
with as a principal of school now and
I'm trying to shoot a Halloween video in
a school so she's gonna let me use her
school but I'm going to she's another
user school to shoot tomorrow but I'm
going today with umin from majestic -
location scout and see which classroom
earnings and stuff like that but she
asked me like yo if you come to mind
like doing cook Q&A with the kids and
like of course
freaking love kids and I love speaking
at schools before like when I've got so
hectic travel that was a favorite thing
to do
might I might start that again to be
honest but that's where I'm heading I
don't know if I'll be able to vlog it
cuz sometimes rules are strict with
schools and stuff like that but I'm half
asleep let's get there let's do it it's
cold as f what about your superwoman I'm
at Brookside check them out
yo what's up I'm back home now but to
warm up some food I'm starving in his
336 I've not eaten anything had any
breakfast but I had such an amazing time
speaking to these kids as I mentioned I
salute all the time before but as you
know my life got a bit more chaotic I
think the opportunity to do it as much
and it was just so wonderful I love kids
and they asked all these wonderful
questions and and I got to hopefully
give them some sort of motivation
inspirations I'm really really really
excited um and I feel good I feel good I
feel like it was a good thing you don't
think just make you heart feel like that
was great and then I went to all their
classrooms and gave my autographs and
stuff and they were so excited and it
was wonderful now I'm eat some food and
your we have a stupid amount of work to
do like it's one of those situations
around kind of like should I just not do
this because it's kind of not possible I
need to release my video so I need to
edit finish editing today's video send
it to YouTube so they can clear because
I shot at the YouTube space release it
write a song record the song plan all my
costumes which Mauro get all of the
people I need for tomorrow
and then make a shot list like that's a
stupid amount of thing I just need to
stop vlogging I'm so free today we gonna
power through my strapping I'll get a
power through David I'd never do it what
does this face mean you know this face
means already calm below right now and
all this face means yes I take a nap at
the same stupid thing where I'm like I'm
going to taking that for 20 minutes
instead of just saying like take an hour
nap took an hour and a half and a Pinto
it was not bad I'm up now I'm eating
Lego
also quick note in my vlog two days ago
I was like hey should I change my
vlogging camera because we hit a million
veteran and the verdict is good no so
when have you tweeted me and left
comments on my video saying don't change
the vlogging camera we don't care what
the call we like this camera so we're
sticking with this camera sticking to
how it is maybe um once I move and I
kind of have a system of doing things
and I have a team and I have all these
things ready I might try it like I like
the way vlogs are I like how that yous
going to chill but am I trying to like
up them a little bit in terms of editing
because I really like editing and if you
remember you like travel vlogs I might
like
music at some parts and like a like
scenic things like I'll see but um
davon camera sting yeah taking all the
mental knows right now yo sup so it is
10 12 I'm just starting the shot that's
now I stopped to write the whole song
record the whole song so I'm estimating
a bedtime of like 5 a.m. maybe if I'm if
I if I'm efficient um I'm feeling good
though honestly I'm just sitting here
thinking I'm like why do I do this like
so last-minute
and everyone's everyone messes like all
typical early style and I got always
explained to them and my closest friends
know this is true
it's not that I'm last-minute it's that
what I tell people these things like oh
why don't you do this stuff in advance
I'm like what is this advance this is
just my life and I've come to terms with
this is my life everything I do has to
be last night like this because there is
no advance to plan things because I have
so many things going on all the time so
my friends are great and they all know
that they all like do things right last
minute with me but I was like you I'm so
like have so much stuff to do and why do
I do this I could just easily just do a
rant video or something then I'm just
like honestly effort I like this I would
have it no other way
yes I'm gonna stay up late yes I'm doing
a billion things yes I feel stressed and
everything but dude I love what I'm
doing and I love this I'm gonna have so
much fun on set I'm so happy when I see
the video and like this is what life's
about man it's about freaking just go in
for it you know just FA like what else
would I rather be doing like sleeping in
effin watching TV after that man I'm
gonna freakin kill this ish we go kill
this ish well he'll only immutable the
time is 11:30 2 p.m. I just finished the
overview of the script the intros the
overview of the shoot story what the
intro script and the shot list and now
I'm going to make a call sheet all the
things I have learned on my journey on
my journey of being on set so I'm trying
to be as organized as possible because I
know we only have a chunk of time I
don't want any of that time to be wasted
because I wasn't prepared so let go look
at this cause she's beautiful beautiful
it's 12 a.m. I'm on schedule start
writing the song you know make some
popcorn mmm and get to it
so I just move my computer downstairs to
record this song I'm committing I am
committing it because like 2:30 a.m.
right now what time is it even uh 2:25
a.m. hopefully my parents don't kill me
because a lot to be real loud right now
but um I'm strong yo yo yo so it is 333
a.m. and I just finished recording the
song all I need is for Ally
dope producer Durrani Bros who send
these this is hurting I sleep on it um
made lad he's dope he always helped me
out so last night he's so so dope um I
just need to send me a rough like he
doesn't have sent me a final all we
always do is literally like that we
always require a rough to shoot the
video but usually we shoot the videos
like a really rough this horrible
sounding version and then once we shoot
it he can soup it up and like do all
that stuff but I'm pretty happy with how
it turned out I mean I can't sing but
I'm trying to mimic MJ style and I think
it's pretty cool so I'll do the first
little part for you a sneak peek since
you're my vlogging Doug Lee vlogs and
goes like hey Mike hurt my voice doing
it already goes it's close to midnight
you're scrolling through your phone
under the sheets bumper and now you just
my stuck your ex to find out who he
meets you try to sleep but jealousy
controls all up your fingers you try to
leave but accidently like one of his
pictures from last week sounds like that
first of all problems kind of things
that we find scary so it's kind of cool
um I'm going to answer a bunch of emails
or make a list of everything I need to
do tomorrow I'm very happy
oh my god I don't release today's vlog
okay I'm gonna edit in Willie's today's
vlog and I think I should sleep with an
hour and I'm impressed with that 4:30 I
can wake about like 10 yo I we did good
today already I just took a shower and
now it is emails I know does provide
emails on blog and on sleepy time
tomorrow is a big day gotta be energized
it's there's no turning back now we're
gonna do this we're gonna kill it's
gonna be amazing
we're gonna do as a team I team super um
let's go if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe alright get subscribe
yeah my name is what's your uh wedding
green icon right yeah it's on that comes
up
