oh dude can I just tell you about the
best meditation session I had ever it's
about to be a dope day good morning good
afternoon good evening welcome to Lilly
Singh vlogs thank you for including me
in your day is gonna be a blog full of
shuttling and shouting and screaming
like I usually am because I'm pumped I'm
pumped today I mean something really
really cool here's a mission for today's
you guys tweak a script go through my
emails get my hair makeup done have a
fitting go to an event I'm so excited to
show you all cool things happen today
but first so immediately I woke up and I
was feeling a little like dirty in my
soul I was like something's not right
I'm not on the same page with my body
soul in mine so for the last hour I sat
alone in a room candle with some good
oils and I wrote I just wrote my
feelings roll things I want to improve
on wrote everything that's here and here
on paper and just meditated and spoke to
myself and spoke to God and I feel so
much better
oh I kind of expressed you if you ever
feel that way you gotta just take care
of you you know what I mean all it's so
important but also know I had my video
give me the point this is what I'm
wearing now on the hanger you're gonna
be like what is this there's some dope
pen and dope shoes that go with this I
can't wait till you see the outfit
because I'll tell you where we're going
I have been so excited to tell you about
this basically refinery29 has this event
where they create different rooms and
art installations in LA and one of the
rooms is girl love can you believe this
I collaborated with an artist to create
a literal room you can walk into the
represents girl loved you can take
pictures there's like different
activations and it's just one of the
coolest things I have ever done so I'm
so excited to show it to you we're gonna
stop talking about cuz I'm gonna show to
you if you won't be late one more thing
you're gonna know I collaborated on it
because look at my writing room wall
you're gonna see how this inspired the
room yeah what's up what's good what's
good right here what's good oh yeah all
right okay yo what's up guys up
who s was everyone like tweeted me today
saying I'm really good at it oh really
so tweet them some more that's basically
saying the good a natural ally yeah - it
is cold here my heat is blast it is cold
I'll go take a shower and put that east
of boiling hot and freakin melt myself
at his cold Jesus when you have a
hundred pimples but actually figures out
a way to make it happen miracles wizard
Gd magic extra-terrestrial strengths
here and the next Victoria's Secret
Angel is
excuse me ma'am Kyle Kinane I am stoked
I have not yet seen my girl love room
I've seen pictures of it only nobody in
person I'm so excite all so bitch
I practically appropriates his biggest
part
okay so we're here and I'm walking to my
first of all this place is amazing I
walk into my room to see the first time
my name's up here girl not in
collaboration with hey and they spelled
my name right cool as hell right let's
see my room for the first time you see
the sign guys you to understand when I
start a girl love I never thought it
would do cool things like this I'm
really excited also that's the Smirnoff
also excited are you kidding me let me
show you what's up Sam and mister girl
boom that's me that's my booty right
there it is a piece I went back and
forth about color and cons and whatnot
essentially it is a whole bunch of
females as superheroes cause you know I
believe every girl's murals and every
person rather can be their own superhero
and when we're together we're stronger
so I'll hold on to growth all different
racism skin colors and beliefs is just
so dope and then you watch the booth
right over here and you can wear actor
tape and you can set some curls
girl
two nominees room it's about
surveillance and using technology as
weapon read and super super fat and
Walter oh wow
all right as you can see here it says
calling all superheroes your mission
grab your phone call a girlfriend
surprise it with some love sprint girl
love so I'm a few girls that want to
call the spread some girl up first girl
is Lori when do perception so bad Oh
ruin this segment Lauren that acting 56
PMS was a pastor bedtime home little
puppy Vaseline extras recall is candy
mug girl I adore her right now okay so
we're supposed to send girls some girl
oh and obviously one of the first people
I thought oh because I adore you and I
want to tell you that I love you he's
got such a good heart and you're so kind
and you just such a breath of fresh air
and every time I hang with you I feel
rejuvenated lovely friends you out here
it's a nighttime you have an ice-cream
getting them calories this is my friends
right here let me throw candy
legitimately every time I choose her
she's just such a ball of energy and I
feel awake around she was such good eyes
you bad well my first I want to call is
what I call is Rosanna pence you know
because she's so inspirational to me her
business mind the way she hustles and
the way she handles everything your life
is so inspirational girl booth right now
and I'm sending girl up to girls
obviously you go you on my list and I
was just telling the camera right now
how I adore you because you're so
intelligent and smart and such a boss
and I actually look up to you tonight
even though you're shorter I look up to
you a lot and you're so inspirational to
me so thank you for existing
I am from Hawaii I'm gonna lay down
first person girl up to someone else in
all the time everyone's like otherwise
my girl arrow might donate doesn't
Franco love is free every single day
while supporting your friends it's about
not being mean to girls you don't even
know girl's name if heroes you know you
had a party used to go boxing she's like
really hard you automatically like oh
she must be the no hi girls need to
stick together sprit go okay so there's
more person we're faced I'm going to be
Liza I hope she answered because I want
to show some girl up so let's wait and
see ring ring ring ring everybody I'm
gonna be busy he'll be taking our
Turtles on a walk okay well she's not
answer you are so funny and so
phenomenal we're a bunch of the most
among so many things I mean real right
now is when I first started making
videos I was like oh I don't look pretty
all the time I want to be brave enough
to be still going to feel comedy and I
love and you are like that but you are
like I do terrible story and being funny
and making people laugh and that is your
priority and I appreciate that because
it's hard to do sometimes it's hard to
be like silly and a guy drop yours on my
face and she brought down people because
they were willing to look good as men
well also that was my facilities make
people laugh that's important skill to
have and I really really do a baby well
it's easy to do that and easy to be
inspired by you because you paid that
way for me
girl into this room
whoa put the picture so we're going into
the dreamers standard masago sense we
write down your dream until things get
bigger
by your dream I've had recently now is
best friends gonna go men in the real
dream I had right now before I go Laura
goes
Oh
music or weekend are we having a disco
party
any place is like the greatest place
that's like Disneyland for adults
swag swag swag sex like thug life Oh
such an arthouse girl loves room belongs
like Demi Lovato's room Margot Robbie's
room and she's like so many cool people
I was like oh so awesome so trade
justice I still meet my friends and it
was so cool he was so proud of girl love
thank you were fighting 29 for allowing
me to have a girl of room there it's
everyone's it was on my room girl love
is for everyone men and women and
everything in between I like to go and
enjoy and spread some love I'm so over
the moon with this event how it went
thank you they they they they you were
else really really made my day today
just really helped boost my self-esteem
because I've been feeling kind of in the
dumps recently is that as a Demi she
remembered me from her ear and she
smelled me then addition to that Kathryn
Hahn for bad moms I saw her nose like I
was Katherine more like I'm a little
nervous to say I wish father remember me
shilling but you know Mike shut up you
remember me we were together for such a
short amount time it really made my day
to be around such as a great Henry's and
inspirational women and to speak with
them whenever brief conversation ever
Demi and with Katherine just like to be
around that energy so inspirational I'm
so humble also huge everyone came out
today and I'm always really honored to
be in YouTube rewind I was leaf like two
seconds but everyone's just jam-packed I
didn't care it's just I remember the
first time I was ever in YouTube rewind
was like a really big deal to me and so
I'm very grateful for all I'm feeling
all the gratitude thanks for joining me
on today I'm gonna take off my makeup on
my editor script and then I'm gonna
sleep with my awesome speaking of
tomorrow command number five sign is you
ready love sneak peek I spent $90 on
this push-up bra and the wire is
stabbing me let's see how we did today
yo gratitude goes a long long way you're
unhappy
honestly focus your energy on being
grateful I cannot express to you what a
difference it's made in my personal day
in my life on other days I highly highly
recommend it don't smile
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
what pocket hold up video to the vlog
time go ahead and subscribe if you like
these daily dose of inspiration cease
daily life and check out my last moment
main Channel video youtube.com slash
loosing is my main channel I'm dropping
clap number 5 only seven more to go damn
time flies and you already know ending
here we're gonna have a team super recap
pity us all these things didn't happen
to you spend
