my apartment again for the second time
first of all stop everything my shooters
of a cat with a picture of himself a cat
and a cat is just it's just huh I had to
go because we went to Colleen's house
and though she nice kitty cats
so I'm checking out of this place for
the second time if you'll call the same
apartment from the streamys with this
beautiful view ah and I'm heading to
Colleen's house she should collab with
her and Josh and then she's going wine
tasting Joey and she invited me to come
but I think I need to make the
responsible decision and be like nah I
got mad work to do because if I'm trying
to have this shoot basically what I've
done is I'm going to land at 6:00 a.m.
and I've made it so I can't sleep when I
land I'm going to sleep on the plane but
I gotta go look location scouting
everything I'm flying to suitors I can't
even speak I'm so overwhelmed I'm trying
to shoot on Tuesday so super super
ambitious but whatever let's make it
happen you only live once and let's go
over that carry all with myself I'm
gonna help me oh my god what a t-shirt
reference oh oh we're vlogging a blog or
vlog in a vlog I think we are so I shot
a cloud with his handsome fella it
happened and you were so mean to me the
entire day all right I mean to be and
Colleen was it as well did you like it
help was okay I get really nervous do
clouds sometimes it's like I don't feel
like it in this okay I thought it was
one of the easiest collabs ever see I
didn't have to eat anything I didn't
want to eat we didn't put anything on
our faces that was amazing cool I
appreciate that
she just yelled at me but hello Joshua
TV something like that what is it Joshua
DD I missed the D oh do you miss that
I missed the D these honors honestly I
don't know if you ever notice he's
actually really not actually you should
know is he's so handsome I'm not no I'm
always much a shirt it's a great things
got going on so good I I feel like I
can't say nice things about you because
it you it's your get my head no what do
you mean you should say all denies you
just said in one of those shots that
I'll couldn't even look at another woman
that's right you're another one cast as
a test and fast food good job see Lily
my life visiting my wife Lillian forever
really
I'm so happy you're moving in here I
know basically I'm moving in with her
I'm so happy
imagine if you lived together you know
the thing is I feel the level of work we
do would somehow go up because when
you're a bit I'll just load motivate
each other let's open all the room for
three seconds you're glued to each other
yeah the video is real when it comes out
the video baby talk no I am doing baby
talk she's not doing it she discussed it
he's my baby
what's your back on right yeah it's on
but we shot a club for Coney Channel
yeah and for my channel and what he's
using hello everyone you're coming up
next minute it's not tomorrow they are
manipulate okay yours will come out
properly
am I talking like this um I'll probably
probably the first week of November
nice well I think that's women is that
yeah I don't think that's the same I
don't know dates happy I don't know any
day beside Monday Thursday
oh yeah that's always perfect every was
that yeah and now I'm taking shelter in
her home yeah I told my flight
friendship I'm in kidnapper she's not
gonna be able to go to her flight he's
gonna take my my favorite Lily the world
like how we tend move here when it will
be over every day I don't care Josh we
have used to it
sorry yeah what up t-shirt reference um
so Colleen Oh God lolly really Colleen
has left she's hanging out with Joey and
she invited me but doesn't make much
sense I got to leave for the airport
soon Josh was also last time in their
house alone this is now my house welcome
to Lily's house let me give you a tour
actually have not even left this room at
um it's so cold because they both love
the a/c so I'm like bundled up in a
blanket but so nice of her to let me
take over her home and stay here that's
a true friend and and she also made me
popcorn
got my haircut it's doing anything hey
there you go twerk twerk work so I'm
gonna stay here for a little bit do some
more work and then I'm thinking about
going and getting a new earring for my
piercing that ripped off during the
Trinidad show and
then I'm gonna return the car and head
home there's a lot of things to be done
and I'm kind of sad to leave in them you
know why I'm mostly sad to leave because
I'm certain that Toronto is very cold
right now and here it's like well
Toronto public feels a lot like this
house right now
um I'm sad but just get to it cross
right cross right now I stole one of
Colleen sweaters so now wearing a cat
sweater with two cats on top of my shirt
of a cat wearing a t-shirt of a cat this
is a real life thing that's happening
right now
yo yo yo so I am headed to the mm-hmm
I'm gonna have time I think so I'm
heading to the place to buy my earring
um and then I'm gonna head to my car
that hit the airport and then I do so
much work on this plane right now
mmm goddamn yeah I'm back here and I got
a different one I got one that's five
jewels and I think it looks pretty dope
in sick like I like it okay I got it
can i express to you how hard it is to
carry these paintings everywhere but
worth it he let's pause and he tell you
something so important so important
right now
Air Canada finally did something right
and it's this damn cookie I just tweeted
about this cookie Debbie's oatmeal
cookies in their lounge this cookie is
so good
this cookies no joke
this cookie is no job and it took it was
YouTube video it would not be in the
comedy section it would be in the
lifestyle section this is look at a
lifestyle this cookie is so good your
burger my nose
yeah hmm fight time your phone's
connected into the aircraft's
entertainment system may be worn you
happy now is play my project and the
blog when I get home my kill I'm
carrying that leg up like this body
broken I'm waiting for my bags it's cold
stepping off the plane I was like that
flip back in Canada
I'm and the vlog here I'm gonna go home
sleep for a few hours I edited today's
video on the plane I seem to like add
sound effects and all that stuff and
home sleep for like four hours get up go
to the first location that I want to
shoot on Tuesday then I got to come home
release my video blessed my life for
having it done I got to write an entire
write and record an entire song to shoot
tomorrow figure out all the costumes get
people to be in the shoot it's going
good
look at this look at is it lucky a ludus
it's going to be good whatever we're
gonna make it happen it's what life's
about we're back home for a couple days
or you know what to be honest god knows
for how long I don't actually know but
if you like it subscribe did you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe our
vlog channel this channel right now has
finally hit 1 million subscribers let's
have a party where where I am so excited
I've been waiting this was so long
