oh my god I'm going apartment hunting
okay this is like a real-life adult age
so as you know when I'm moving here next
month I'm gonna be renting an apartment
for a couple months to make sure I like
the area and that's we're gonna go check
for right now I'm a little bit late
stay tuned don't adult things happening
this is the walk-in closet I'm like um
need seven of these I love this kitchen
so much okay after a billion trips to LA
I had my first crazy person experience
basically we're in the car and a lady
hear my words through a salad at us like
from Subway a whole salad threw it at
the car whipped it is all over the car
now
we got salad thrown at us what the hell
is happening salad just ink all over the
car I saw it happening just took it and
whipped it oh my god hard what just look
at this damage the salad damage looks
way more intense in person I promise a
stop dude
third day in a row I have no regrets no
regrets I'm so full I can't even breathe
what up t-shirt reference one of you
love it's about me the shirt by the way
so I've been waiting to wear I have a
stupid amount of things to do right now
and a little bit stress if I'm honest I
need to head to the YouTube space and
even if I leave right this second I'm
probably gonna be late so the fact that
I'd go and get my stuff and still leave
Muse's gonna be late they not only have
an hour and a half to shoot a video
that's probably take longer than that
because I'm shooting with Youssef
because Yusuf and I
I had the passes to go to space called
Magic Castle
how classes please call magic castle and
had a plus-one so invited Yousef and
he's coming with me but we have to be
there on time
so hold okay so I'm rushing I'm rushing
moments like this I wish I'd just sit
for 15 minutes and be like take a
breather but there's no time and I'm
well aware that any other normal person
would just would have went out to dinner
and not done this you're Jason so rushed
for like no this is the difference
between hustling hard and sling oh okay
sorry I know I'm kind of all over the
place but I really want to shoot at the
set so I'm rushing we'd have that much
time I think worst case when I go to
Magic Castle wait and see what happens
this videos more important to me so let
go oh why am I so did up look at my date
right here he's ain't pay attention to
me he's on the phone was not even paying
attention to me we shot a video in this
cool so I was really happy but because
you know how much I wanted to use this
set and uses being an angel like years
came rushed your canceled his meeting to
shoot with me and now we're heading to
Magic Castle and which I'm very excited
about my body he's like had the chance
to go on a date with her you would
cancel your meeting cancel whatever you
got going on and you would take it by
the way ladies I'm single so if you want
to hit me up send me a message you can
find my youtube and stuff so yeah yeah
thanks I feel real special now yeah so
where's our way to Magic Castle never
been there not no idea what to expect
you can't record there Aziz why aren't
you holding my hand
this guy did I got my lipstick in your
tire matching also use of had to get
this outfit because there doesn't own a
tie I'm looking good though sup ladies
I'm saying up okay how many times you
can say that enough until they realize
that you don't need to be in
relationship to be happy oh happy with
yourself okay can't be part of a 2
through an England fleet 1 some billion
dollars right there I'd be happier with
her dough Oh calm the F down get me out
of this cars so about the Magic Castle
it was pretty cool that's pretty bad
super exclusive they made use of like
put on a blazer that they had in stock
and like almost made me change of shoes
weird ok can we talk what this was like
is this just me am i clueless here dad
do they know what your car looks like
yeah why does your car look like this
use this car is ridiculous hey lady like
what what why are you calling me like
this get with me you get picked up in
this bad boy I don't get with him why
does your car look like this Wow
it's yeah it's cute it's cute so Yousefi
showing me all the ridiculous things of
his car I just sat inside of his car and
his car mats a rain of Simba I just
can't get open ladies when you're
cruising with me in the car this is what
you get the experience let's see look
how much she's gonna hate on this now
ready look my daughter's okay wait you
seriously right now hey if you like
getting her vlog a big thumbs up
who are you it's not supposed to be
green oh I busted it there we go oh okay
ladies come on below and let me know if
this turns you on because it's something
wrong with me because I feel like your
car is a spaceship that is part of an
army that is confused
look guys when this car is in the new
fast and furious movie we'll all
remember this moment when she hated on
on the set of a movie it's fine
not real light in the movie what you
know I support your choices and I'm not
judgmental this makes you happy I
support this if it makes you happy
like I said if you wanna be picked up in
it holla me so I'm back home it is 11:00
and I'm just like oh my god I did so
much work last night that I don't have
to do emails I could potentially go to
sleep if I want hiccups if I wanted to I
might edit today's vlog do some extra
work so my tomorrow self thanks my today
self and yeah situation had a great time
today
leave you first you subscribe it's just
hilarious to me I love I guys so um I'm
just hanging out chilling now leggo yo
yo yo I tripped um I'm gonna head to bed
I'm gonna probably just mean wasn't I
fall asleep I'll ask the plan tomorrow
I'm doing some secret stuff that I can't
tell you about um it's gonna take most
of the day so I might vlog tomorrow
might not vlog tomorrow um
ball we shall see I'm gonna go to bed
thank you joining me on another day and
I want to say I love you so much
and I hope you had a great day wherever
you are and rest anything else hmm
you did a lot of adult things free an
apartment searching I don't think I
found like the one yet but like we're
close you know and at least my video
today
that was good that did last night which
I'm very happy about and I feel very
responsible about it but I'm gonna do
when I shall speak to you tomorrow if
you like it subscribe did you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe I
don't know where that hotline bling that
can only mean one thing to do ever since
I left the vid you do know exactly what
you ask for
