today is the day it's gonna happen my
days of hard work well it's only three
days but three intense days a hard work
is going down these are the updates
right now I'm packing on the stuff to
leave to I still got to go to Walmart to
buy some shirts we can rip up a ceiling
to buy makeup for like zombie faces then
I'm gonna head to the school
Ali is currently working on the
arrangement the song is not done but
we're shooting in like two hours
welcome to my life none of these picking
up snacks for like a craft table for
like all the cast and crew tia is
printing a book prop I need I've got
some props majestic is getting all their
video servers so everyone's doing some
every chases learning the density test
all the pieces are coming together now
we just got a most important thing on
video days and if you've ever been asked
you with me you know this so crucial to
maintain positive energy here we go
doesn't matter what happens it's gonna
be great the days in our control let's
get it breakfast or two online t-minus
one hour until the star shooting I just
picked up some clothes and get some
makeup stuff no we are away - you're
gonna wonderful it's about to get
started we're we're okay for time we're
not amazing we're okay okay okay
we're not behind bar okay um we're
taking over the school and we're about
to make it happen look someone brought
the exact thriller jacket which I'm very
excited about um we can start shooting
in like 30 minutes I'm getting a little
nervous there's a lot of people a lot of
people makes it harder to like
you know you know I don't know all of
you in Medellin I'm sorry I will hug you
all momentarily my niece are coming
some really fun those you that might be
took view like why that wasn't for to be
here it's a remake up brother
very cool wanna go over a few things and
the first thing I have here it says
thanks so thank you hi there yo so we're
halfway done our shoot we're a little
bit behind like tempered you miss behind
but still not that bad
we're doing fine with key right now
yeah he's my star student actress right
here she plays a role so well she like
destroys news of my acting sub-sectors
but you like it still in it she's well
you always mad hot I'm hot in that
jacket it's hot but everything's going
well hums was holding it down he's
holding it ass
yeah our Styles we're good we finished
all their zombie chokes do you feel
confident is Amba shots no we're redoing
them no do something with fog that's
what they all love so the shot looks
sick well yeah make sure when you watch
this video right you pay attention to
the details like this what's on the
board yeah that's right
all this stuff's I don't want the
details which the details all the books
on the desks you know I'm saying we
support and Noble I'm supporting people
right here that's what's up that's
what's up look at this supporting people
original sorta yeah I mean that's their
two hands and claws and I
turn yellow and she becomes a vicious
werewolf
those are none of the lines from
breeding the wrongs I'm doing it again
in the car I picked up your book they're
really close I know
so the fire alarm went off cookies using
a smoke machine so now we're headed to
the library so I'm turning into a zombie
now and Aaron here is doing my makeup
special effects makeup is that correct
yes it's so dogs gonna make me look so
scary and dope and you're gonna see the
transformation and she's letting me eat
pizza why do it never felt good no good
how terrifying
do I look right now she did such a good
job I'm like I can't look at myself in
the mirror I'm sorry if I broccoli did
this shot and you got scared and now
you're gonna have nightmares because I
mean I really apologize probably giving
you a warning maybe I'll edit one in but
um dude so sick
I was like what is going on
Oh check good no see which one is even
hey so I don't know how my guys on my
face but we saw at my house now
transferring footage having a little
powwow and so like that he's all good
season got Simpsons meme so what I found
50 Simpsons moments when everything is
coming up no house everything's coming
up millhouse so nominees destroying my
house she just sat on this chair and it
fell apart listen I don't want to
comment about my weight okay about
eating a lot of Timbits
nothing I literally destroyed the chair
yes
yo taking that makeup off was a mission
I'd wash my face like 700 times um the
time is what time is it it is 3 a.m. we
I think we did great at the shoot I
didn't get every shot I wanted
admittedly I wanted to do more of the
dance but there was just no time for me
to learn it and to execute it so I'm
only in parts of the dance but I'm
hoping I got enough shots to make a good
video everyone pulled through so lat all
my friends I came as dancers in the
makeup artist Arum and the shooter is
majestic and chase helping to teach and
humble and say and he just it was just
Tia nothing you just so everyone's just
so awesome like and so helpful and was
so great save when I was it always
happened to like the first 4 hours of
the shoot as a fighting game the last
hour of one's like stressed I have pop
so I think we all kind of used to that
but I hope I got enough to make a good
video I think we did I'm actual going
back tomorrow for like 30 minutes to
shoot one last scene that I feel like I
need and then I'm spending all day
editing and I want to lace it on
Thursday so have one day to make this
masterpiece happen there's so much
footage but I'm really happy we pulled
it off it was really super hard but we
pulled it off and
I hope y'all like it as for now I'm
actually gonna edit two vlogs and two
blogs behind and then I'm gonna go to
sleep but um thanks for joining on
another day and look I'm at escapees on
me I'm Lily I'm a unicorn me if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I think it's pretty cool so
I'll do the first little part for you a
sneak peek since you're my lovely lovely
vlog fans goes like hey I've hurt my
voice doing it already goes it's close
to midnight you're scrolling through
your phone under the sheets
