it's show day okay word I'm so tired I
haven't woken up yet but most important
thing I shaved my legs we're off for a
good start
we're headed to the venue I am sad no
breakfast won't okay it's gonna be a
long crazy exciting day a little bit
sleeping right now so I'm gonna wake up
and then we're gonna turn off and turn
that into bagel I spit all over you my
bed I'm a mess
so the Sun ensured and Diego is intense
it's like really intense I knew one is
the same Sun that we have world I didn't
know feels it feels different
we should sound check now I'm gonna rest
my voice I'm convinced my voice is not
garnished morning boys I still have
morning boys so I just take it easy
Sancho and grid those sound sounds great
in that venue really good salaries in
there yeah really really good sound now
we'll see how it sounds with 5,000
people in there some doing my ritual hot
water honey um you know Selena and a few
other singers do I don't sing so I like
I don't strain my voice as much but I do
like yellow for 2 hours so it's still
pretty straining on my voice
they drink olive oil which I've never
tried but maybe just try that one day
but I just do honey and laundry
and supposed to suit your vocal cords
and exercise can go so hot I'm a drink
this is much like sweat buckets right
now oh my eye color right no no let's
take a moment
getting ready for rehearsal we're
getting ready excited doesn't know how
to use a sister finger okay yeah kind of
excited not really I'm not joking
there's gonna be so much harder to do
your best line
wait that's why your best one is my wife
my mind point one about this back way
we're doing a contest yeah
Oh best wine go run a free show you know
how to line three
I'm making Lily Twilight I'm with my
Lily shirt I make Lily wine understand
why I call I'm so excited
on the main tour I know now getting
ready to board
Lauren is Mickey I make em The New
Mickey for now yeah you like know your
Lord you know I'm your eternal I'm
Lauren Gary to your backyard my best one
yeah
oh well - do i changing run to a dress
rehearsal because i got some costume
changers and want to make sure we nail
it pops up a poop really badly about a
hole dimples horror so there's a large
room so far but I'm feeling good I'm not
gonna lie I am very nervous I've
informed a long time have you had always
a pin has always been there by the way
in the corner lines you know everyone's
being there best line omasum on your
best fella fine
okay I think you want wait what time is
our shadow times at these time for a
braid or blackout dad what show is this
it's actually the same as yesterday
yeah show 31 but it's me greet 32 oh
here we go
honey water mm-hmm hmm got my pants
ready for the meeting read I'm very
ready I'm very excited my voice is home
together
you know warmed up and stuff so
then awkward moment when I didn't bring
two extra suitcases hahaha thank you so
much mangu was great my voice is getting
strained as per usual just a weak voice
I don't do about it someone drink some
more hot water honey prep memorized like
I said I'm gonna worry about my
memorization so I want to go for myself
over and over again which means probably
everyone on the room I turned to quiet
there's only time I turn into a huge
jerk I think right yeah I have my
moments but I'm trying to memorize leave
tell me was a smallest thing if he
sneezed up like cuz he who try to
memorize - mm-hmm
my lines cuz when I watched it I watched
the whole show last night um there's
some where's my girlfriend yeah see that
so I'm hoping he just comes when I
started but I still want to go over it
so
Hey
hey what up this is Robbie be I'm so
happy to be here superwoman
whether was go super when I'm finally in
G&G check about
how was your supermichel Marsha Oh
generous good they were loud temperature
was Lottery's oh this one
raise the roof hold his mother right
whoo all right whoo I can't she wants a
bread for Shiva but Oh is your Mars on
performance not so much fun I love it I
love thank you so much I gotta do
something together wide open if you want
to see Sakinaka below do it oh yeah well
apparently nothing bounds on the talent
hers breathing rates they give you a
stack a lot of people's like a lot of
people of course I want you know every
time I don't stop myself it's only for
safety reasons there's no other reason I
gotta realize no matter how sweet you
guys are you guys can step on each other
we have seen people get stepped on
laughs as a little kid that you push
they fall let me don't cheat on mister
yeah we don't wanna that on point stuff
that's all loose I'm gonna wave and be
nice I can't why I can't stop it oh this
is why I want to get her muffling
recording
thank you thank you yeah
I love you they're so wonderful
Oh sweetheart holy crap trinidad and
tobago holy crap holy crap holy crap
that was a surreal experience
I'm girls ooh I made a few statements
excel at the show um one part of music
set I got dizzy like my vision
disappeared as I was like friggin went
phantom in a fan like I was just so
dehydrated exhausted um when I was
singing my song was so bad my voice I'm
not in trying to be dramatic I mean to
tell you really what happened by the
scenes I feel like I tasted blood in my
voice my voice was just like because
everyone was so loud I had to scream for
two hours but it was so much fun
y'all had energy and a half y'all showed
love uh now you see that I thought okay
I rather be in a machel montano um which
is dope oh my god that was friggin crazy
I'm gonna come back time and time and
time again that was the bomb is a Lilly
laughs Mary
I lost my new piercing in a nice dress
now because it's gonna close so I don't
know what is it but we did get cupcakes
we got pictures of Lily all dolled up
and compromising out this here some Lily
cleavage on this one over here this one
Oh
fans can you guys stop using pictures of
Lily as your profile pictures you guys
message we're gonna get really excited
to like Oh who's this girl like click on
into potential movie young lovely
usually after show I'm like forced to
water and soda ha first off my job I'm
ready to go let's go up I'm excited
I said all the cake and cupcakes are
happening right now thank you so much
thank you so much thank you so much
thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you
I'm not
Michael
oh really
mr. quality content one oh sure I
reflected though what the maybe you
don't know okay listen to my voice my
voice is so done and so gone and there's
so much fun I had so much fun it's 5:00
a.m.
um Marshall came to the club he's the
sweetest most awesome person he's so
much fun um I'm a jammed up and we came
all the dancers are leaving so it's
going to be humble sandy me and chase
sting and Trinidad for a few more days
even for a few more days and happy to
see things and sightsee and go to
beaches and chill out like worked really
hard today so um I'm excited about the
dancer leave all the other dancers are
leaving in the morning my voice
absolutely kills so I'm gonna go to bed
and sleep in and not set any type of
alarm and I'm so excited
tomorrow's relaxed day but also worked
at the same time I'm gonna catch up on
my vlogs etcetera etcetera so - when I'm
going to the first time when I'm going
to this baby sleeping Phoebe PPT thank
you for an amazing day turned out to be
oh you are phenomenal if you like I went
to a spiritual experience today um well
we'll talk more tomorrow thank you for
joining another day if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
right broken heart doggie potty does
