we have million subscribers good morning
my hair looks crazy bout given our vlog
channel this channel right now
has finally hit 1 million subscribers
let's have a party where what I am so
excited I've been waiting for this was
so long and the reason being like my
main channel you know I worked so hard
on it and it's like scripted comedy and
this is like me behind the scenes like a
little family and gets like have Real
Talk and there's your script and I'm
moving no makeup and I just woke up and
there's like I have boogers in my eye
but this is like you know it's special
that this would reach a million because
this is like unfiltered this is no
filter right here and we also support so
that's awesome as a celebration what I
want to do is last I like binge watched
a whole bunch of daily vloggers to see
how I could improve to see what they do
really well to see how we can make this
whole experience better stop we're doing
right now comment below leave a comment
below letting me know who your favorite
daily vloggers are and why like why do
you like for example I was watching you
sips like it does SaLuSa guys watching a
boyfriend/girlfriend you know Jesse I
was watching um or Roman Atwood I was
watching all the way tell me who your
favorite daily vlogger starting Wow and
the celebration also I've decided hi
okay I don't know
I'm debating I won't they decided I'm
debating I'm debating getting a new vlog
camera one thing I really noticed about
everyone else's logs every like is that
they have a really crisp and clear
quality and I love my Canon Vixia
obviously it's cute it's a conversation
started I was like what is that it's so
cool but it's not as crisp as other
people's vlogging cameras does that
matter to you come below and let me know
what you think about getting a new vlog
camera and probably won't be fisheye or
probably just you know cuz crisp clear
you know let me know let me know let me
know what you want to see this long
telling the subside thank you so much
today I am shooting with Kingsley and
I'm also shooting with Colleen and
Joshua and it's also my second last day
here we're flying home tomorrow and I
have a lot of really ambitious projects
I want to talk to you about ball first I
don't have any groceries I'm really
hungry
I might have chips for breakfast change
of plans so I realized that tomorrow at
1 p.m. and where to be homeless as I
mentioned so I have messaged Colleen oz
like yo let's shoot tomorrow so that way
I can live at your house wedding it's
like of course you can live on my house
so I'm actually
King today and then I made just hang
with him for a bit do some work and then
tomorrow I'll shoot with Colleen and
Josh because she said I can live at her
house today and I love her uh - I'll do
my makeup which is just gonna be my
fresh face makeup with my foundation
concealer filling my brows a little bit
of mascara a little bit of blush you
don't give an F about what I'm saying
unless she's a girl or unless there's a
guy you're a guy who likes makeup in
which case that's dope as f - like a
concealer
hairless this might be why I don't have
a boyfriend ah foundation uh I'm about
to give myself some eyebrows so I got
eyebrows but like I got like point five
eyebrows that they're not really there
they're kind of there but they're like
not really there they're like that it's
complicated status on facebook I mean
it's like what's really happening and
there you have it my fresh face of
makeup uh I got a massage yesterday and
it was so good but now my body's a
little bit broken yeah I'm you know
everything like your muscles are just
like giving up I'm a head over to King's
house you know I love me some Kingsley
um let's do it and I forgot deodorant
huh okay so remembering yesterday's vlog
how I was wearing that sparkly dress
sparkles went everywhere I look at this
I don't know if you can see but like I
sit in the seat right now is a Christmas
tree
jingle bells jingle bells
okay on the note of Taylor Swift history
was trending selena gomez's makeup
artists also katy perry's makeup artist
Jake committed suicide and it like
really affected me more than like
obviously that's a very heartbreaking so
sad story but it has been constantly on
my minds as I've heard about it because
there's gonna be really bad but I met
Selena's makeup artist on our shoot and
I'm trying to remember if it was him or
not I only briefly saw him for a second
part of me feels like it was but I'm not
a hundred percent sure but I do know
that she's very close to like her
hairstylist and makeup artists and I
just like not only for him and his
family but for like because I guess I
had that interaction with Selena I was
just I just can't get it off my mind
like no matter what I'm doing it's at
the back of my head cuz I'm sick she's
probably so upset and devastated it's
that's that's really upsetting me
because I care about her I know that
sounds so like ridiculous but it's
that's I just can't get out of my head
so this might mean nothing but I want to
send my positive energies into the
atmosphere and a DM darn Instagram but
God knows she gets a billion of those
but like I just want some positive
thoughts and energies to like his family
and all the other artists that he's ever
worked with and Selena and just like I
can't imagine what time I feel like so
me doing this well it means nothing but
I'm sending my energies into the
atmosphere in hopes that some strength
and positivity can aid that situation
yeah that's all look where I am
okay go dis lighting no King my skin low
close we should shoot real quick we've
been talking for like two and a half
hours and I knew this would happen but
now we got a shoot because King has a
life and has things to do unlike me his
place is so dope and now seeing his
place I'm so excited oh wait I watched
in my office I'm so excited to get my
own place my shows my office because one
of you lovelies made this for King and I
vividly remember and look it's in his
office he actually keeps all this stuff
down there and I'm also
err and why do you have a look conjoin
why do you have this poster here why do
you have this horror coaster here it's
like the best design horror poster of
like the last decade I love always
passionate about because I really really
like that
I realize I look at all these pictures
he has this one they're all dope but
this one's like super freakin jellyfish
from Hawaii ah can you not have a lot of
hard to hard tonight he's on the we have
a lot of heart-to-hearts straight up
like this is my only JIT friend like
with friends a friendship he might not
feel the same way but like I'm so just
shot with King King when is coming up
Tuesday is coming out just make sure you
check it out also you know I really like
I love when people are passionate about
things King I just launched a website
King what does a call cannot call you
I'll put the link in this gives you has
check it out basically the thing that
King's life was the best at is
commentating on like pop culture stuff
so you're gonna write a blog post like
celebrity news inside right yeah and I'm
so excited about that check it out so
make sure y'all check it out for the
link in the description and it's gonna
be that's a commitment yes hopefully
gets quite worth like breaking the news
and god damn oh he's gonna get all the
exclusive interviews to do anything with
me so mm-hmm
you know I cut myself some Veggie girl I
thought maybe I shouldn't have to partly
fourth fifth in a row so I got some
crispy cauliflower and a buing salad I'm
very excited to eat it and then I got a
whole lot of work to do I'll let you
know what it is in a second but first I
need to eat
so the time is 12:30 a.m. I wrote the
script for tomorrow's clap with Colleen
and Josh and I did a bunch of other work
and I'm trying to do some more things to
assist with my apartment search I think
I'm gonna pack now because I gotta check
out tomorrow and I know that's something
I'm not gonna want to do in the morning
since I'm just horrible at packing and
unpacking but that's what I'm planning
to do I'm also as you know I'm a crazy
stupidly ambitious person I'm flying
home tomorrow and I'll app land at 6
a.m. on Monday and I am attempting to
shoot a very big Halloween video on
Tuesday I have nothing confirmed don't
have a location I randomly just
confirmed shooters don't have a concept
don't have anything but this is how I
get things done I just say on Tuesday
I'm doing the thing I'll find people to
shoot I'll find all people to be
involved in it and then I'll be like oh
you got to come up with something now so
I'm trying to like a huge shoot
I'm I'll tell you a little secret I kind
of think it's going well I'll tell you
what I wanted to be but like I wanted to
do this for over a year since last year
I wanted to thriller remake like an MJ
Thriller remix that's know trying to do
super ambitious to do the date after I
land with absolutely nothing planned but
such is my life so many gifts from
Trinidad that are very fragile
I've a picture frame without pictures of
my grandfather in it Michelle gave me
his his rum that he hasn't signed it for
me because I got all the guest artists
Johnny Walker Platinum as a thank you
and so he gave me a rum and he signed it
so I gotta like pack this in a trinny
towel that I got as well so let's get to
it
yo I like too bad my face might be bumpy
took out some my blackheads oh how
attractive I mad to bed I pretty much
finished packing this situation I'm
leaving that suitcase here because all
broke up pretty much done packing and
then tomorrow I'm going to finish and
after take a shower and then I had to
Colleen's house and then they better
house
even I think there's a go somewhere at
the read I'm still gonna say or else so
that's fine thanks for joining me on
another date tomorrow is our last day in
LA until we head back home to enter a
chaotic ambitious shoot that I'm gonna
try to do the day after hi lad we'll see
what happens such as life if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe cuz yo we hit 1
million mmm so where's our way to Magic
Castle never been there nothing no idea
what to expect you can't record there as
why aren't you holding my hand this guy
