how sick is my jumpsuit alright check
this out
so do this Canada send me a bunch of
stuff look at this dope jumpsuit I want
these pants in my um food video but it's
the jacket to it I love it not even say
I'm late because I don't repeat myself
but I'm headed to flow 93 five it's like
my favorite radio station in Toronto um
my boy Peter cash is doing a show
YouTube special I want to be in Trinidad
when that happens so well you won't let
me come pre-record so I'm about to pick
my top five playbacks it's in downtown
so and not looking forward to the
traffic but that's where we've got a
jam-packed day I slept in I was supposed
to go grab some stuff this morning I
didn't do it all Zaki no honestly
sleep Stefan today we're not sleeping
until we get on that flight so that's
what's happening d1 one direction one
parked inside Harry okay yo I just
finished with flow flow right here Peter
cache my boy heard all these fabulous
people here this is coming on Thursday I
just did my top five like throwbacks R&B
hip hop and I even said something
exclusive things I usually don't say an
interview so make sure check this out
I'm sure you'll tweet it out alone my
tweeter retweet the F out of it I'm a
favor and all this stuff it's been
awesome support hello
I know it's dope I know if you know this
a lot of my fans like that live in other
parts of the world always listen online
well then I got some fans that are like
from New Zealand they're like flow
floating like I love Australian women
I love million men here we go what's
that but so I'm home I'm starving I'm
visiting their breakfast and I just like
forgot and outs 5 p.m. I've asked
Superman live at 6:30 I'm supposed to go
pick up a few things but I need to eat
first time thing with doing that after a
Superman live now um I've had a call on
the way home on speakerphone I don't
like doing calls when I have to use it
on speakerphone because I just don't
like speakerphone like it comment below
just like to dislike speakerphone you
need to feel so far from you and stuff
I'm gonna eat Garrity raster and line my
body's like rockin from practicing and
not stretching so I need to like get on
it but
let's eat something shall we shall we
let's let's eat something she probably
changed the super white shirt before I
because we all know I'm not a capable
person what shirt should I wear oh yeah
this one was good by the way I want to
let you know that this shirt does get
cleaned and the only reason I keep
worried you're not the only reason this
super comfortable but like I have
absolutely nothing to prove and no one
to impress and my little robot brothers
way of showing it is by like wearing the
same shirt I don't care it's just like
one of those things even when I'm on red
carpets and good events those like so
tell us how you're wearing
I swear from now man's there's gonna be
all I'm wearing confidence thank you
like I just I'm not about it I'm just
like I look like all these glad for so
many clothes on when I wanna dress up I
will but if I want to wear the same
shirt every day I will because this my
vlog channel and you're my family and I
don't need to impress you because I love
you and you love me and now I'm gonna
shut up and eat this Indian food that I
just heated up in the microwave I go by
the way I want to say I'm so psyched
about the radio show I just did because
I really love Flo if you noticed when
they played IV i v-i like died i'm and
patashnik so supportive and so wonderful
and i swear like it's so great all the
wonderful things I get to do because
YouTube it's like YouTube is literally
every word they're like literally
everywhere
like I just can't ever escaped YouTube
alright so super live is in ten minutes
and I feel like that break was not long
enough and now let's go go go go go go
go go go there was ever time that like I
was ready for it as super alive it was a
rare or current so rare I don't even
know alright so fish a supermoon live
and now I have exactly one hour for mall
closes to go get some stuff I need for
Trinidad damn I'm tired already
in order days you know I'm tired because
I keep setting my alarm to unrealistic
times and then I just keep snoozing for
like four hours as opposed to just like
being real setting my alarm for later
and somebody has like great
uninterrupted sleep because like I'm
stubborn okay let's go so what my phone
at loads are your head That moment when
you don't feel funny like that's right
here so I finished getting all this
money from the mall hopefully unless I
forgot something which gets my bad um
and now I'm trying to see I'm armors
been in India for six months and when
he's having a little going-away thing
I'm in Trinidad so I'm trying to like
messaging
like dog or you is right now and this
guy you're applying right now so I'm
just sitting here my car that's a
situation right now at least my jacket
be fresh to death all right so a task
has been added to my list my interests
Andy and drop off this thing I bought so
she can print my logo on it the new
music set to go see Armour and I'm at
that point again I'm like why why wasn't
me oh my the point again where I'm very
hungry so I'm just gonna go into the
fridge living in the fridge nobody
talked to me this is a moment for me
this is a heartbreaking moment for me as
a sister my young brother here is going
off into the world you should know he's
a very capable person he travels by
himself all the time he's going and if
like six months to do fashion related
stuff look at this store it's so dope
he's accomplished only amazing things we
just had like mad Santa dogs right now
he's gonna go and I'm gonna miss you I'm
gonna miss you too but this is gonna
more reason for me now to go to Mumbai
coz he's going to like six months
minimum right so I have to visit him and
wound by at some like any chance I get
because like I can't live without this
guy yeah yeah oh my god yeah should I
come for those when are they again
they're in Jeff March I'm totally in a
cup alcohol coming for that as well
but um oh my god you have to so all
right so it's 11:40 I have a bazillion
things to go home and do and I believe
the effort at 5:30 so I actually have
like a time restraint before ever leave
for the airport um I'm really sad I'm
not gonna sing for six months that's a
long time and he's like one of my
ride-or-die so that's my brother right
there I am feeling some type of way and
okay that's gone yeah it's so amusing
um ASAP science just sent me a video of
them singing to Selena Gomez and so cue
because now every anything that happens
just Lena Gomez like people message me
about it like her for friends like yo
your girl you're like stop it
ah it is one and pretty much I have to
pack and at least record a video for
tomorrow I need to make a packing list
as you know no matter how many times I
travel I make a packing list every
single time so I'm going to do that
right now that I'll be shoes everywhere
is what is happening I my suitcase is
still full from LA and New York over
there so I need to unpack that first
he's do my laundry Oh what is it no I
can't
oh so I'm just I'm packing my stuff tell
me if this looks familiar to you of
course just think I didn't keep the
things - Lena wrote on and you know
what's so dope is I've already decided
on this wall one of them is going to go
there and it's either going to be the
your heart and humor one or it's gonna
be this one kill him with kindness
written from selling out herself
some on the wall when I move on both
that wall but I got all the papers okay
this is quite possibly the worst I've
ever been at packing it is 3:19 I've
spent so much time I'm still not even
done I just this this is the what what I
can't find anything wow I'm so sorry
about complaining about a problem that's
not really a problem and I I don't mean
to sound like I'm grateful like I'm very
grateful for all the things I have and
I'm very fortunate lucky but I can't
find anything to pack this is another
major first full problem I'm gonna
complain about one of the most annoying
things while packing is that I can't
pack half of my stuff until I take a
shower
so I said to stop packing take a shower
so I can pack my makeup and my razor my
face washing mics I'm such a diva right
now but I just I just really hate
packing just wish it could be done
honestly I just wish it could be done
for me I just don't want to do it
alright alright alright it's time to
head to the airport I'm looking pretty
swagged on this plane right now I may
say so myself I usually just wear like
these are all the clothes are like heavy
and so I don't wanna put in my suitcase
yeah I mean this is how I sleep on the
plane I put this over my eyes and so I
tend to the airport Trinidad boom let's
go also
is my responsibility to always change
the calendar it's October no one else
does easy so is that the airport and
guess who came to surprise us my baby my
love what's up you guys blonde hair long
beautiful hair that's Mickey by the way
yeah and he's not joining us but he came
to see it fine at the airport we're
gonna miss you oh we're gonna miss you
too mm we're gonna do you so much
justice though we're gonna remember you
and include you the huddle gonna send
you videos everything please do well
hello it's sad it's sad baby you know
cause Audrey one two three
also this line the one about this line
does everybody does this line mmm my
favorite part of Pearson Airport is man
right here these things every single
time yours every time every day it's
amazing all right we are heading to
trade ad I'm gonna end the vlog here so
that I can start the vlog in a few
moments when we get on the plane
this year's been amazing this has been
on my bucket list going to Trinidad and
Tobago I'm so excited I'm just hope I do
it justice and I hope I put on a good
show and I hope you all love it and I
hope it's everything you want to begin
I'm really really really excited we got
with our 12 hour journey stopover in
Houston so I'm really happy and excited
so I'm gonna snapchat the whole thing
the vlog whole thing so follow along
we're doing this together we're in this
together all right if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
sweet sweet TNT if you like it subscribe
America pre-show prep you know like my
talking my walking my shoelace little
water for you my water you know
