good Peters this damn GPS done you a
Mayan trophy
good morning Italy we are headed to the
YouTube space and you're gonna find a
why very soon but it's green so I gotta
go
please welcome Lily thank you so much to
having youtubing Suzanne for that
wonderful in trouble at Carl's stop look
I'm like people I keep going it's like
I'm so happy to be here I cannot to say
YouTube has made everything I do
possible and for that reason I'm so
excited to show you don't quite ally
with the world through you two originals
this world tour was hard it was one of
the hardest things I've ever done in my
life definitely one of the most
rewarding as well and I want to
sincerely thank Scott when my director
and astronauts wanted for helping me
produce this movie but most importantly
my fans who have been working every step
of the way they're genuinely the best
thing that's ever happened to me so when
I was thinking of this film I thought
okay I want to make this the most
pleasurable viewing experience for them
and I know that my community is very
rooted in YouTube they're familiar with
the platform they love it so what the
projects are close to my heart I knew
you two would be the right answer if I'm
totally honest I've said this before
I'll say it again
YouTube was like the best boyfriend I've
ever had okay and so I trust him with
this project and I really trust him this
huge part of my heart I'm so excited you
to see this film thank you so much for
giving this opportunity and I can't wait
check it out thank you I was doing all
the snacks from YouTube I just saw all
of YouTube's food look at this just how
cute is this
this is why I love yo yo yo so I thought
this is a perfect opportunity with this
backdrop to tell you the exciting
exciting news basically you've been
asking for so long how my movies coming
out and I can finally finally tell you
it will be released on YouTube red and
I'm really really excited about this you
know if you're a fan of mine or not that
I actually there's no script there's
nothing I keep it real with you I never
BS you I would obviously now I'm a
genuine fan of YouTube you know I love
me some YouTube I love the way they
treat me I love the way they treat the
viewers I love the way they treat
everybody so basically what's gonna
happen is it's gonna get launched a
subscription service where you pay
monthly and you get access to an ads
free YouTube and you get all this
content made from creators like
PewDiePie is doing something flying or
doing something to bus this is doing
something my movie will release behind
there will be a 30-day free trial period
as well which is very cool and my movie
will be one of the first ones released
so that's really cool and just gonna
have YouTube music coming on there's all
these really cool things you can
research about this I'll put some links
description boy how you can find out
about this but I wanna be with you when
I had the movie and it was such a huge
part of my heart I had so many options
of where I could put it and the number
one priority I had and I told everyone
in the room I'm like my priority is to
make it as easy as possible for my fans
to consume I don't want them to have to
go anywhere else I'd want them to feel
uncomfortable he's be easy for them to
consume in a way that makes sense
there's why I kept it on YouTube and
didn't go on a different platform and
I'm confident this is the best way for
you all to do it I would not see you in
the wrong direction I'm really really
excited about that you get to watch the
movie on YouTube it's gonna be freakin
show you something else you know I used
to live here back my date come I deliver
so you know I love the sets so last year
I've logged the Halloween set and this
year is the first time I'm seeing it
this is one of the reasons I wish I
lived sure because I would be using the
app out of this set if I was here the
lights ones it is a little scary oh
don't how cool is this oh my god the
things I would do in here man I not dirt
I mean like scary content things damn it
look at this oh my god okay is this book
everyday I really want to try to think
of something and doing Hey look are you
I have an idea for them I'll tell you up
for a self-locking cuz they're just in
case I do it pulling oh my yeah this is
like legit scary last year's you're
right it was like nice but it's like
scary seen stuff like this inspires me
so much I want to hear so bad no wait
wait what's this is a closet
what is this area oh yeah oh no I think
here is this this is a medical lab yeah
yeah I was a good dentist my this is
sick it's sick oh that's very that's
scary
oh no but this is like very dependent on
having good lighting I feel this is
something I'm not gonna shoot ya mean so
how do you feel about your YouTube
announced I'm so excited
okay let me just nice to list it on this
couch at my Lodge sounds good okay I
want to tell you my favorite thing so
then I'm something call YouTube music
and I couldn't air who told me I was
like I'll tell you why
so I listened to my mostly music on
YouTube and Sarah was actually shocked
like yeah I wasn't my music on YouTube
so the new YouTube music basically lets
you play music in the background now you
might be confused with that means let me
break it down for you when you're doing
your makeup and you get like a text you
know you just leave YouTube in the music
stops playing now it will play no matter
what you do on your phone no
interruption of songs a next thing is
that my data always goes over every
single month and YouTube music another
freakin genius that give you the option
of just listening to the
or watching the video so now if you're
just like running or like I don't write
I mean what are you doing anything else
and you don't want your dad to go where
he said you could turn off the video and
just into the audio breaking geniuses
I'm so excited to see a movie marginally
exciting that's your new thing I'm not
excited I'm really excited I'm gonna say
this on YouTube I'm excited all the
stuff is gonna happen but I want to
shootin this out let's go figure that
out maybe I'm some back at my apartment
he'll call in a little bit and then
today's a workday imma try I think to
try getting a massage again but no this
lighting no you know I should take some
selfies just stop and I'll wait
I'm really excited today's a huge deal I
know I keep talking about it because
there's a little excited about it I'm
excited to finally talk with movie and
where it's gonna be and it's not a
moment of real talk I'm not stupid I
know there's gonna be a little bit of
people that are gonna be why is it
behind a paid subscription really you
guys already know the tour was very
expensive the movie equally is expensive
I can't my number one goal in life and
I'm saying aside from being happy making
people happy connecting with fans making
a community those are all obviously my
priority but I really want to expand
team super that's my goal and hopefully
you can genuinely see that from my blog
who I work so hard why I do sometimes
things sometimes even if there's no
money to be made yada yada yada
it's whatever I'm being real with you
for me to release this movie in a way
where it can be seen by as many people
as possible it can have marketing
support it can be theatrical maybe even
in some ways I know the limitations of
doing that myself and I think the
smartest thing you can do sometimes is
know that okay I need an infrastructure
I need a distribution team I need these
things and YouTube just look at what
YouTube has done partnered with us and
so far I trust them with this and hope
you support the decision and how happy
with it because trust me could have went
a lot of other different ways and I
think you would have been not happy
about those ways though at all the
option
this one I'm confidently telling you his
mother unicorn is the one I felt best
about um it will be the easiest for you
see and I hope you're happy to know
finally that I'll be on YouTube um yeah
I'm talking a lot of crap in this vlog
I'm sorry I'm just really
I've also heard a unicorn emojis on the
new iOS I don't know people lying to you
but I would download that and check it
out and just a lot of cool things are
happening today and I feel good about it
so let's do the call alright so I want
to create a few things I'm sorry this
whole vlog is dedicated to this but so
many of you are sending me messages and
tweets and confusable stuff so I just
really want to make you feel comfortable
and clear as possible YouTube red is a
subscription-based service as I
mentioned $9.99 a month having said that
so many people are asking me like I have
pretty naughty notices you want you to
know normal YouTube still exists every
Monday and Thursday you can still watch
my videos completely for free this is
another option if you want having ads
free you to experience and what a whole
bunch of other perks one of those perks
is original content from me the finebros
Joey Graceffa roosterteeth all those
people so to see the documentary yes you
have to have it but you will still see
them Monday and Thursday videos so
people are tweeting me panicking being
like I'll never savory of yours again no
normal you two I would never make my
Monday and Thursday videos behind a
paywall that is not going to happen to
now hurry the movie and my Monday and
Thursday videos are two separate
situations from Monday and Thursday
videos don't cost me money movie cost me
a lot of money so yeah thank you so much
for those who have been really
supportive of course as a group of
people that are like I'm gonna better
things in the world cost money the tour
and the movie cost a lot of money so
yeah that's what it is I need to the
call now some of you are sending me such
sweet tweets I congratulations it is a
really big deal and I'm very excited so
thank you so much for all your support
and I don't make some popcorn to
celebrate him make the puppet understand
brain you just the call went great um by
the way I change my clothes you see this
shirt says I just that's a a Trini got
me this shirt he take a moment to look
at this view we've been blessed with
some
standing views recently blessed blessed
blessed life though I do it I've decided
this trip I am NOT going to a grocery
shopping cuz I always end up wasting
food because I'm looking for a few days
I'm gonna order food every single day
may not care but jon arryn
single day Chipotle again rageh bless
chapo legs post mates life hmm no oh
I've just done a whole bunch of work I'm
thinking about ending the vlog here so
that I can edit it and post it that way
everyone has an opportunity to catch up
on all the vlogs that's what I'm
thinking since I kind of like post it so
many at the same time today was an
exciting day talked about the movie did
a lot of work had to pull a great day um
yeah I didn't go to bed soon but I'm I
just want to say I love you so much
she shares all the people that support
what I do I love y'all so much I also
only know got a few tweets that were
like YouTube relatively gonna be in u.s.
yes YouTube read it is only gonna be in
the US but my movie will be made
available globally it doesn't matter
where you live you'd be able to get my
movie somehow someway and if you don't
have YouTube read where you live then
you'll be able to like rent or buy it
somehow so don't stress you know when I
do anything I try to make it as global
and universal as possible I had to show
it out which is what I had to show in
India and Singapore and Dubai those
places so I got you but I mad to bed and
I love you I love you so much
and you made me like this meaning me so
happy in any way I mean if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
