losing luggage landed back in LA which
means the hustle is gonna start right
now but first can I get a grilled cheese
boat just cheese in it nothing else I'm
gonna get with fries and a coke Zero
thank you all right thank you
well this pimple come from I don't get
it is my girl she's ready
I got a call and I write scrip I gotta
do some writing
cuz that unplug my ears I'm so happy to
be back the sun is shining the weather
is sweet Bernie I do it is goddamn pill
but I go what's up Willie with one else
good break break break break
are you ready for this oh my god ok so I
ordered this cuz I was like obsessed
with Super Nintendo growing up is their
new console not in AD mother-effing not
and Adam just that high comes with
pre-loaded games all welcome to our new
break time I got a gift from Charlize
I'll open that see what that's about
Oh Hannah what her books enemy her book
she's dope I got Jason seagulls what got
some Calvin Klein's oh yes
also how cute is my bed look damn
hashtag basic whole pumpkin spice latte
see what Charlie sent me looks fancy is
how Charlie's you know you're balling
when chairs
oh snap it is champagne gummy bears and
candies so you couldn't get a cavity
while getting lit you know me so well go
back down other do their office like yo
I want some diffuser type la bougie
mother-effing ish and Sarah's like it's
like $200 and I'm like hell no miss
Charlene was I liked it cost like 10
dollars on Amazon I just mentioned it
and look I have a freaking diffuser were
lavender sense will not go into the
sense it's bougie but it's also $10 so
it's like low budget I think it's $10 I
don't know what is this okay I best be
$10 but thank you just I'm the best
people in my life I swear to God running
a business is hard but finish both my
calls glue the points now I'm gonna take
off much-needed shower after this light
and then get to work
yes Luna bocce I look like a mother
effin train ran over me and the train
was carrying ten walruses that all had
diarrhea
so fresh is so clean clean showers to
Calvin for the loungewear no I'm saying
and be underwear you know I'm saying
these sports Raj just seek who are you
expecting someone else left stupids my
blood challenge so today I'm decided to
do something that I see a lot of other
creators doing and I just can't even
fathom what this is going to be like
because you're all just insane wonderful
beautiful genius creature I'm going to
react to a compilation video that you
lovely people have created let's jump
right into it this first one is called
superwoman funny moments and I'm
surprised the videos even four minutes
and 32 seconds because it should be zero
I'm not a funny person I'm just weird of
people laugh at me oh damn the
post-production hold comfortable what's
that I movies
oh god no a hundred years ago all the
come so skinnies oh yeah that tank job
doesn't fit my legs still bumper ducks
will come to the communal snapback here
I remember recognizing that night and
gonna need some help okay that wasn't
even planned I remember this I hit my
head room even once I'm adorable though
I will say but I'm not funny oh goodness
gracious you should know I hate watching
what's up awesome
oh damn what they had all these grassy
going down you're not sure is a real
shirt my dad owned all power study for
tests by the way that unicorn adding to
ship to say new merge might happen soon
you're not pink beats by the way on the
table I don't know where told Arvind
this is funny okay I remember this I
remember this is what it is like I like
this
yeah go get that booty in the shot come
on now okay I can't watch this
I don't I don't think I'm funny ain't on
these jokes are out of context you know
I can't even see what the premise was oh
I hear when you focus because he's on
the grill to do this by the way okay
I know intro know deep down 5,000 you
hold me wanted this okay part two here
we go
when someone or an ice cream cone and
they put Kyle's head on the Queen Queen
you can't even get on my level and you
need to watch the rest of this Kyle you
get destroyed oh I feel so good about
myself right now
that's the key kids when you don't feel
good make fun about the deal I'll get it
I start at the key that's not the key or
the law or the door shut up okay next
one oh god this is super omen and d-trix
kissing and collab you know what you all
mean can't tell you what y'all need look
at me look at me right now y'all need a
hobby and I appreciate that the hobby is
watching my videos just make sure you
out here clicking the ads drink oh god
you're gonna make sauce Benjamin to a
music and ish J's that's crying oh god
this is the very first video in just
kissing it when he's on like we need to
bowl 360 with the light oh and I think I
surprised him cameras
okay okay oh okay okay let me just say
I'm so grateful that y'all go to
watching my videos or making compilation
videos that's a lot of work so thank you
so much for doing that there's some more
that I didn't watch comment them down
below I don't know if you can comment
exactly how did YouTube work I don't
know but let me know and that was me
reacting to stop and if you like me
reacting to stop let me know what else
to react to okay bye yo you should know
for that segment I bounced this light
off the roof you know why cuz I'm a
filmmaker Don I keep it lit dawg that's
why let everybody know Sam what's good
okay I'm not even quality Conte's bounce
bounce dawg I make it bounce I make our
booty bounce hey your mother and your
daughter and your sister and your
brother and your grandfather I make
their booty bounce
what do I do I make it bounce I you know
what's that stay right there that sounds
bounce Oh hold on family he didn't even
know hold on
Oh yo check it out um yeah uh-huh
yo you know I don't think I made myself
clear what I do with that light so let
me just clarify right now can I walk
fuck XO XO des mo beat that's me Jake
beat rap Jenny so please be what I do
ain't never been done
Ohio was where I'm coming to her with
sadness always dude okay we don't wonder
from the date tonight right what do you
want to think what they yo man you know
what the bounce hit the road Jack good
points I also my tongue is probably 1700
different colors I'm sleepy so
decorative pillow baye baye baye baye
baye you served your purpose during the
daytime but now it's night time and you
should be flowing onto the floor like
every other decorative pillow your I did
so much work just now I did so many
emails I wrote my script give me the
points I have that feeling you know he
just still so much work in you walk away
like y'all hadn't even BS that I did
that did that is that I did a weave blue
biro we emailed let's see how we did
today
got stuck with lilies ahead besides with
every Rhonda blog channel would just
sued I know soon so many soon soon I see
so soon I am gonna get rid of toilet
talk I know all y'all commenting below
being like no we love toys like that I
don't enjoy toilet talk that's the truth
of the matter and I think you'll prefer
the lungs not toilet talk as well
because it slowly in here I just want to
pop you know I mean and it sometimes if
I sleep I to get up and come sit on the
toilet I don't even have to take a leak
I just got buca's obligation just not so
enjoy the last few toilet talks fuck it
up you plain one two and then I'm gonna
miss you but y'all enjoy my kid tomorrow
Haase continues and hopefully my ears
I'm plugins I never keep yelling I think
I hear myself yo if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
subscribe awesome in case you didn't
hear Australia voted for love today and
voted for same-sex marriage Australia
Australians big off yourself love always
wins you're done or don't you ever
forget it
Aussie Aussie Aussie Oh
