it's our last day in Trinidad hmm my
horse is still a hot mess um
the reception's called me sick I'm so
sorry to wake you Mike I'm not sleeping
this is just my voice uh-huh
it's our last day I'm so sad I believe
so so early in the morning trying to
make this last day count we're supposed
to go to maracas beach because pearly
it's like the place to go when I was a
guy go there but Marshall invited us to
like a boat private island II things I
was like I know pause that offer up so
we're gonna spend the day with him and
then tonight I'm trying to come home and
make a video upload some vlogs do all
that stuff before getting to flight
hopefully the Wi-Fi works I've tried
every single night morning to upload a
vlog and the Wi-Fi just like no AB
YouTube won't even load all the other
sites will work but I just like I guess
YouTube takes too much internet juice
I've not yet we're gonna head over to
this boat Lego I'm going to miss this
little walkway at the hotel so gorgeous
I've never seen anything like it
I'm going to show you the view one more
time hold up
so we're here at the deck I'm gonna tell
you a secret Michelle's accent like
makes me blush again and marshal if
you're watching this video know that I'm
walking to you right now your accent
makes me blush every time I hear talking
like this
it's so magical well we got the doc I
guess and I feel like we're about to
have like a mazing day right down there
if I may say so muscle I figured fuckin
like in thus we must we denied or not a
sweat inside me he could go either way
really
boy there's no Wi-Fi I decide which I
wrestled off the day go home and the
evening to work right on both there's no
one we're turning our selves I don't
know what and we're gonna go home and do
work exactly what by choice not because
of no Wi-Fi yeah if we try hard I'm sure
that would be why fight another cuz
we're in the middle I thought I found a
network you shut up awesome look who's
here
yeah say your name of your Kate Kate
stuff anyways it's not just cat K to die
in case you get confused about the order
okay to die
he's so smiley a love me Oh Superman
well
you're very smiley but you're so smart
so smiley I'm always smiling in the
unicorn I like to run this boat I want
to go check it out outside let's go
alright so we have some beautiful sandy
talks check this out like what is
happing always have next level spiritual
talk today we all see dolphins I bet
really getting the corner it would my
shell is promising golfing goods for you
oh yes alright so the main is open and
now the party starts here to play in the
weekends yeah we need to remind it with
its running with mr. Taranto
Oh
this is honestly I'm not even feel bad
for sitting back to all the moments that
I didn't sleep and this is okay for me
right now I'm watching this yes I think
the problem is is sometimes somebody
gave them all love with this you know
what has fallen look for how I know you
pop out jump in the water with them okay
now we're friends
I honestly such a certified unicornio
Jolyon happiness also Atlantic welcome
to Trinidad thank you I need to come
back I'm they're convinced me to come
back with Carnival let me know in
comment below that it's gonna just see
this live on the blog if you come out
for Carnival I promise you I'm gonna put
in my head okay okay I'm filling the
void the void
I said there's such character know
there's a lot of Starbuck it goes like
this
check this out so beautiful it's a good
day today
you mean you okay that was just a
surreal unique experience I never
thought I would ever do in my entire
life we'll talk more about it first it's
home time I'm posting a video is it 8:00
right now it's like 8 o'clock it's 7:50
we all four of us huh 759 all four of us
are taking a 30-minute nap that was
happening and they were getting up and
working that is what's happening do not
let me sleep longer do not move wake up
tomorrow work has to happen how's it
going yo so we wake up we just ordered
food about to eat I'm gonna work in
humbles room in hopes that the Wi-Fi
will work I got pulled some blogs and
all that stuff but it's still super
Monday let's do it hope with Wi-Fi
cooperates
oh there's Wi-Fi doe so I got one blog
to upload but now it's like this so it's
uploaded by can't do annotations I can't
edit it like the title I release it I
don't know I think I'm gonna shoot my
Monday video and like brus tomorrow when
I MLA with Wi-Fi because I just I can't
I just - I'm trying it's been so long as
I posted a video I feel so horrible like
eating me alive is literally eating my
soul it's eating my soul
just gonna I'd help minutes
all right so at the airport I'm carrying
these paintings with me hopefully
they'll let me take them on the flight I
think they will because literally every
below vs. Airport is a side of mine and
it's great it's great so I'm going to
end the vlog soon but first let me get
through security and turns my trinny's I
have to say you showed the squirrel mad
hospitality the way the airline just got
me on display escorted me to the front
leg no it's okay and like are putting
every effort in to find a place for
those paintings there should be really
hospitable like greeting me at the gate
so so dope you would even feel really
really special I really appreciate that
we're leaving we're leaving
I'm actually really sad to leave I
really like my trip but we're leaving it
was amazing was match clothes everything
I wanted to be in so much more oh good
so good we'll talk about it in privately
but um we're headed tele
I might not long tomorrow just because
it's a travel day for most the day and
then I can catch up my blogs as well so
let's you see we're off again if you
like it subscribe you can play good
subscribe
