Jolyon clinic hey yo what's up good
morning I am home I woke up at 3 how it
is for now
but it's ok because I obviously didn't
get much sleep last night because the
travels what exciting things are
happening are the whole bunch of
packages that came that I'm excited to
go through one of them I believe is a
hoverboard now I know there's mixed
opinions about these because they're
like douche bag level 1 million and I
remember having this conversation with
like Colleen Grace and may mean they're
like so douchey like it's so douchey I'm
telling anyone so I can't wait to reach
that level of douchebaggery because I'm
really excited to try it ok so I want to
clarify that if you have one of these
I'm not calling your douche bag I just
it's really funny I see people using
them in the most absurd situations I was
like that's a little bit douchey but I
think they're really cool I don't care I
think they're just fun I've never tried
one so you see me try one for the first
time today probably bust off my head I'm
not expected to be this happy so happy I
did not expect this to have keys like a
car starter type key thing that is kind
of crazy I did not expect that I have no
idea I would like you to take me to the
mall it's really happy I didn't expect
to be this happy as a workout just
unpacking it ok how do I use you and
I'll start totally comfortable actually
ok so my first time like so scared of it
I'm also doing it on tiles it's probably
not the smartest thing but this is what
I've gathered so far so the controls me
yeah hey I make this turn yeah I wanna
pull over an hour
okay okay I'm really surprised ever
cracked my head open yet
touch back this is really fun lolly
having fun
I like cool this is really fun I don't
care how juicy it is it's so much fun I
love this I love this
whoo carrying that thing up the stairs
is tiring alright so that was one
surprise I came home to the second one
is this huge box that I believe Nike
sent me bunch of stuff which is super
super cool
let's check it oh that Jack is pretty
sweet
it says Lily happy belated birthday I
look forward to meeting next time you
are in LA enjoy Nicole from Nike thank
you so much oh my god they're just dope
jacket here and the zippers like on the
side I appreciate that I got some shoes
- OH - oh my god they're so light called
Nike Free ok ok ok I'm about this ok you
know how I feel about a good high top
Wow there's one more oh my god I'm
literally being treated like a spoiled
brat right now like oh so grateful room
oh my god these are also so late
Matt oh thank you so much Nike Thank You
Nicholas my burn is scabbing I'm still
going with the Yugi story no revival
I told Selena that I was supposed to
excited you killed with kindness and if
you haven't heard it yet my jam my jam
it's like everything I believe in the
song so good kill him with kindness
you've not heard that song at the mall
outlet rape of that song
I could of course go away
laughs okay speaking of Selena Gomez so
surreal because I'm watching the
performance from Ellen it's the one that
I watched to rehearse so I'm looking at
it from like through her soul and the
actual thing that happened and she was
hot as f and she was wearing this outfit
when she was her thing and it's like so
cool to watch ah exciting what editor
vlog um oh something on my screen me me
me me
much edit my blog my to-do list is so
hectic um it's one of those to-do lists
where everything is gonna take a lot of
time so nothing can be like easily
checked off so it's strapped up oh that
should be a new thing when we're to have
a work session it's gonna be like
strapped up let's get it done be smooth
I don't take an Apple II hmm Indian food
home-cooked Indian food
bum I'm getting a lot of work done in
this 11:30 p.m. and I just finished
doing things for my Trinidad so I self a
lot of things to do like I said my to-do
list is a little bit thick um I don't
predict myself sleeping within the next
five hours
uh-huh but I have an oily I actually
really have nothing to say I just start
recording because I was like you know I
missed you what solves okay I am all
right I've reached that point of the
night it's 2:00 or 4:00 a.m. and I'm
just like randomly tired even though up
so late and what what is what is
happening this is this is happening um
I'm just like scrolling on Facebook for
the past hour so like nothing productive
is happening right now so think about
going to sleep and starting fresh
tomorrow and tomorrow and thinking but
also changing my shirt although it
doesn't want to sound like me um that's
what I'm thinking
also it's Thanksgiving weekend here in
Canada and I know that might be
confusing to some people because
Thanksgiving is not the same time in
Canada as it is in America and some
places of the world don't even have
Thanksgiving but in Canada it is
Thanksgiving weekend and I want to say I
am very thankful for you and I love you
all very much and thank you for being
part of my journey and I'm gonna give it
a bit
hmm I'm in goats bed hopefully I don't
wake up at some wretched time tomorrow
should open my curtains you should
notice something that helps me wake up
it's like I can't wake up the setting is
dark so I usually always sleep with my
curtains open in a hotel or an apartment
or anything and that usually drives
everyone else crazy that sleeps in the
same room as me because they don't like
when the Sun shines on them but me I
loved being waking up on a sudden that's
the only way I can get up so there's a
little tidbit of information I'm gonna
read a little bit I should finish this
book I'm like halfway through it and I'm
gonna want to read our second one um in
England you go to sleepy
you know have some sweet dreams and then
I'm gonna wake up and accomplish all
those dreams um I hope you had a
wonderful day thank you for joining me
on another day and if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe let's
see if we can make the challenge in
Milan before the year is done if you
like it subscribe when I'm sure and I
talked to her and Lisa Kudrow watches my
videos and they're like so sweet and
like knows about me and it's like what
I'm such a huge fan of you
