I woke up to a revival like hey so you
might be wondering why the hell do I
know all the hot mess right now actual
except my D said it's because I'm going
to a variety magazine people sir women
of power event and then went straight
from there to the airport so it's a bit
of a chaotic situation I did everything
myself though which is where do my
makeup do my hair my outfit just kind of
simple it's like a daytime thing so I
also burnt my neck and if you burnt your
neck looks like a straightener curler he
knows not gonna show up now but of
course halfway through the event it's
this thing like a huge hickey so let's
just keep an eye on that I can't grow my
hair myself it's very difficult but that
was happening what time is it and I'm
like it's already sign of Kendrick I
told her she's not cute oh I just hit
the red carpet and it was fun and
awkward as they always are and my hair
is slowly my Achy slowly developing and
my hair slowly becoming a mess it's a
good day the soul and insu the soul he
defined what is true was amazing I'm so
happy I went it was totally worth all
the uprooting that Oprah Oprah was there
some Hayek was there Jada Pinkett Smith
was there and a Kendrick was there I
have an amazing stars Lisa Kudrow when I
tell you moment Raley's ball we're
heading to return the car I gotta change
like organize myself and go through all
this like if the bank stuff but I got so
freaked I go I'm so excited and now I'm
back into my usual clothes we're on this
flight back home we land out like a very
ridiculous 1:20 a.m. but it's all good
do you say told me to tell you okay so
let's
we got up you need to upgrade he has
enough points to be treated I get
certain perks oh we got access to the
lounge
got free bags and stuff and for the one
time that he's done this now he's like
living it I was like yo don't worry
about the bill I got this because of
sugar mama dude I think it's just I
think it feels good just because like
you know I think maybe you feel like you
have to make up for all the times that
you were in if they cleared me a lot and
it does bother
oh well don't be sentimental I'm gonna
make fun of you I try my best to get her
back stop thinking about me okay listen
I'm tell you well I've dropped the bomb
Cameron let me take a look at this event
all these amazing people were there I
was sitting and Oprah listening at the
table next door it was such a I have a
great brief humbling I talked about
often you have to be in a room where
you're the dumbest person in the room or
you're in the wrong room
it's part of my Streamy speech as well
it's so important to be surrounded by
people who are like striving for
excellence and doing amazing things that
room was dope
I walked by Anna Kendrick I'm like oh my
god you're so cute she's like thanks
like oh my god and then get this got
this when there's always direct look at
this
so I'm saying my table and one of my
youtube colleagues comes up to me says
so the funniest thing has happened like
well like I was talking to Lisa Kudrow
you're gonna move that is Phoebe her
friends I die and Lisa I'm the ball the
conversations like a whole that's Lilly
Singh and like recognized me and then
she's like oh yeah I work with her and I
mean her and I talked to her and Lisa
Kudrow watches my videos and they're
like so sweet and like knows about me
and it's like what I'm such a huge fan
of you and I was like so shocked because
God knows who watches my videos not even
know about it so so so dope I'm
officially UPS me
would be negative music I'm just gonna
say you can only make it as far as the
people you hang out with so pay
attention to the type of people you hang
out with so the main reasons I'm moving
to LA it's cuz everyone is doing
something and it's very inspiring to be
around and today when I watch that event
I was like looking around I'm like holy
crap these women are awesome the main
reason I'm sneaking in her luggage my
flying home
hashtag bullied
got to it all and you know Oprah and all
that getting one free bag access to the
lounge you should see the way he's
walking the way you walk the stage we
talk to you sitting on the plane again
all the bad girls you want to know why
because they gave me a free preferential
suppose every time you know it does
Toronto well knows the butchers I found
out later that I don't want to left you
well ago
we're home and it's cold they open the
doors in a plane it was like no I'm not
ready my body my body now ready also
also Trinidad I know I've said this a
billion times tickets went on sale again
and this time the website works it's a
different website company tickets of
Trinidad can be bought online now also a
ticket outlets and the second batch has
been released up so the whole bunch of
tickets available to share that as of
right now
giddy did you know that I am the top
player we gonna have to see and we're
home and look what I came home to
newspapers heroes I love this ready
whether it's Brampton YouTube star I'm
not from Brampton
I'm from Scarborough Li ll like I'm
losing SC AR bro code misconception
basically if you don't know much about
Toronto
um Brampton's like we're mostly Indian
people live several just assumes I'm
from Brampton even though I clearly say
all the time I currently live in Markham
born and raised in Scarborough though
I'm never Brandon I have nothing against
Brampton people do my eyes look like
this right now
I asked humbly rosemary a cup F no Pisac
no being guys so yeah anyways that um
trying to him and me were chillin and
then just oh oh oh yeah he gave me this
hickey damn it
every time I grow my hair I don't do it
off him every time I do I'm just really
bad at it it's not even big enough to
lie and say it's a hickey that's like a
squirrel gave me a cure like Tiny Tim
Tiny Tim gave me a hickey for like the
lead and from like and what is it Ann
Ann's life and bug's life ant world
ants you know you don't talk about like
piglet piglet gave me
more action than I'm getting now my bad
mmm I'm gonna go to sleep it's like 3:00
in the morning I slept on the plane for
half of the fight I don't know if I'll
fall asleep quickly but hopefully I do I
said this before but the transition from
LA to Toronto you know it's only three
hours always always ask me over but I
just looking at my vision board and it's
just really cool it's just really cool
to look at um let me show you why and
then Yonkers open obviously became
Twitter friends and our campaigns are
like side by side so it's really cool
that my billboards and her billboards
are up at the same time so that's really
cool then there's this that's really
freaking cool a lot of really cool
things that's all I'm just gonna go
stare at that now um I think I got an
updated suit for sure and the next month
we're gonna be moving there so you
should have a vision party vision board
party soon but I'm feeling some type of
way so I'm gonna go to sleep or back
home a little bit for five days actually
to be exact and we're gonna leave
returning out in five days those five
days of prepping for Trinidad we've got
a lot of practice to do we have
rehearsals two times before we leave so
many things I gotta do one I got it
tomorrow and added the Selena video post
that on Monday there's a lot of things
that I'm really excited and I'm so glad
you could join me so hope you had a
great date night evening wherever you
are sending you lots of love and
positivity and inspiration and one more
thing be one more thing if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe I
don't think they're ready for you guys
probably women actually know what she is
gonna upload this just to play with
y'all's head even more
