have a meeting at 9 it is 857 the
meeting is actually two minutes away but
I'm waiting for my uber somewhere like
five minutes late Stoli I need to really
work on that this morning was tough to
wake up yesterday was just one of the
best days of my life best most unique
most spontaneous surprising days of my
life
was it real I've absolutely no idea I
cannot I cannot comprehend I just need
to it's gonna happen like throughout
today I'm should be singing everything
no gesture really happen like such a
good day just children so many amazing
people met so many amazing people is
connected with old friends so good so
good my uber canceled let me start
myself out so I just had a great meeting
at the YouTube headquarters I've never
even been there YouTube offices I guess
you could say I've actually ever been
there was so dope and true YouTube
fashion was like really cool didn't vlog
cause I think they could be appropriate
on that now let's talk about that I like
to vlog a lot of things in my life
because I enjoy and I like to tell a
story what I'm doing in a day because if
you care to watch it I'd love to share
it but if I don't blog it's not because
I don't want to usually um I vlog when
it's appropriate and right so like if
I'm with someone I don't want people to
feel uncomfortable on camera like not
everyone likes that so just to give you
a heads up on things like if I ever meet
someone and I didn't blog it or if like
I was at the Jimmy Kimmel show and I
don't blog with him or like I was at a
meeting a lot it's because like I signed
up for this life not everybody else so
like I try to be as respectful as I can
be about where I am and who's there and
what they feel comfortable with so just
a little tidbit of information but had a
great meeting I think I did really great
as well if I may say so myself
Oh what is fun it was great and now I'm
home and they also give this look books
a long time ago I shot pictures for a
YouTube like look book type of thing for
advertising and go to cover show girl um
I fully went to a meeting came back and
I think humble still sleeping like
honestly literally today's one of those
days are way too many things going on
and everything just condensed into like
this one day so I just had my meeting
and now I have a two hour break which
I'm going to eat attempt to write a
script for my video takers Thursday
don't know I'm shooting it attempt to
write a script and then have it two
interviews with Access Hollywood one of
them is with Kingsley and Sawyer
Hartman's I'm very happy about that I
love me some kinky and then I have a
meeting with my business manager right
after and then I've drinks with someone
like a meeting chance meeting thing and
then I'm trying to hang with Ling
Lindsey as well and then post a video so
that's what we're trying to do today
maybe it's just lie down no no actually
you know what I'll do I'll post my log
from yesterday at the time I met Selena
Gomez maybe I'll do that
yo frantic frantic frantic I've changed
and came to Access Hollywood to two
quick interviews and running a little
bit late story of my life really
and a rock star with me and mystery
Selena kinda yelled at me she's like you
do wrong star she was into articles so I
might start driving rock star miss Luna
said so JK I don't there its rival
rosters but it was a cheap sentiment and
I just want reasons to bring up Selena
Gomez now so I just told you that's
right no prob Oliver logo um also just
edit the vlog from insta the Selena vlog
and I died edited me like I relived the
whole experience it was so special and
so wonderful and I just remembered how
Cochise it is uploading right now I'm
released in a few hours also trace
Thursday my video will inevitably very
very late thank you for your continued
patience as I struggle to live I was
talking let's talk about my hair looking
fabulous as well Reina why is that we
just an interview for Access Hollywood
was awesome and is very conversational I
thoroughly enjoyed it this is the room
this is all the people all the lights
you're shooting b-roll right now so I'm
just gonna continue talking it's a great
interview and then after this I have
another thing in King is gonna be there
and you know I love me some King and
then I have a meeting with my business
manager and then I have to go home and
edit and post your video it's Thursday
and then I have dinner with Lindsay then
tomorrow we're going home
that's what's happening yay look at this
cool set right now Access Hollywood set
we just did the hashtag segment with
Access Hollywood and my BAE is obviously
here you know who he is and I saw was
actually sick so he didn't come but the
set is so cool look at it look let's
first of all talk about his arms and how
I told him cuz I haven't seen for awhile
his arms okay I'm feeling his arms
they're ripped and shredded but I'm not
even
I'm not even front day we saw a lot of
flawless ball please don't I'm looking
at my iPhone quality is so wack right
now
look at this cutie oh my family I love I
look at that was fun I didn't even know
I'm really not it was him because I
would be so awkward with anyone else
hey yo so I just finished my Access
Hollywood entry I'm so happy I saw King
such a good energy I don't know if I
ever said this to you but Kings best
qualities you just makes me feel very
comfortable so every time I'm with him
or near him I feel like safe and
comfortable like Big Brother like all
taking care of me so that's very very
wonderful and now I'm headed to a
meeting my business manager and I just
want to stop and say something that I'm
feeling because this is with the support
so sometimes over on having a long day
before meeting or an interview I'm kind
of like really tired and then I always
just think really short term so I'm like
okay in one hour you're gonna be sitting
in your car and then I would envision
myself after that event so like you'd be
sitting in your car you can feel great I
don't know what actually happens I can
be here and be like yes now I can
actually live that moment out um and
it's important sometimes to stop and be
like you you did a good job so someone's
a little II talked to myself as I'm in
this car be like you know you did a
really good job be really tired but
you're doing it you're almost done
you're almost done like my own biggest
cheerleader and I think you should be
your own biggest cheerleader too it's
important to love yourself hi noise
let's go
so here's little general knowledge lily
is good at quite a few things she's
decent at them porking is not one of
them
I'm a horrible Parker you should I can't
parallel park lolly honestly I can't
parallel park I'm horrible at parking
it's not my strength judge me no no
you're not watching the wrong vlog it's
the right vlog I'm just winging the same
clothes again this is what happens when
you live out of a suitcase and you can
only travel so many clothes you was in
there every day please go happening here
just do this is that fine three to this
I always have a white shiny shoes today
um so by the way these shiny shoes I
keep wearing
Google gave them to me when I was
shooting the billboards and stuff like
they bought these shoes and then I just
like I mean them so that's where they
shoes to come from I'm heading to my
meeting across the street luckily so
that's great and then I went to dinner
with Lindsay I keep repeating what I'm
doing over and over again I'm sorry and
also entertaining as more so for myself
202 today is really overwhelming so like
if you hear me repeating a lot of things
what I'm doing is because I'm kind of
like trying to calm down a little with
today is a bit much if I if I'm honest
like I haven't posted a video yet and
I'm already really tired many things
happening one day we all being
comfortable never got me nowhere so
leggo okay so finishing a meeting in
ambush F dinner with Lindsay and I
couldn't be more thrilled because I've
dealt with too much corporate business
stuff today and now I need to just hang
with a friend and I'm very very excited
even got to go home and post a video but
I'm still very excited we're in shape no
big deal chillin with my soul mate I was
talking about this was such a
much-needed thing for me because I've
had such a like business√≠ day and I'm
like all I want to do is hang with my
friend right now
so I needed to a long long day in the
studio and this is my reward where I
love a no actually and bring her up and
way too many meetings - I think I'm a
bit of sass
big lime since of you i shy shippers I
ship it I ship it
what they're shipping oh no we've also
helped onz comment below
what's our ship name well let you come
up with it and then we'll treat the best
ones okay so I'm coming I now suppose
he's coming over because I stole his
tripod and I'm vlogging and he's on the
phone listening to me blog and I don't
know where he is where are you I am in
front of the building where are you what
street are you on okay what do you see
nine zero one five yeah nine zero one
five it is across the street from that
restaurant that's all lit up
sorry trying to multitask too much
Susie's coming over now I just got home
perfect timing and he's gonna hang for
Ben I gotta go miss tripod thing because
when I clap with him I stole his tripod
base worst that's happening still
Thursday still haven't posted a video so
I'm a little bit like yeah but as you
saw this a lot of things happening today
Lindsey thing was so crucial oh my god I
feel so like it's an hour - should I go
okay okay I'm a normal human being I
know I'm animal I'm a man clearly look
at me I'm a normal human being
these two are literally just eating my
brain right now about the matrix this is
the fear fangirling over the matrix this
is the surface really the nature your
other presentations on the measure so
for the past hour we've been talking
about relationships now the matrix and
I've gotta that these towards the
biggest nerds I've ever you understand
Lily you don't understand and the wrong
manner here okay so the matrix we were
talking about what you turn the camera
about something else we talk about
something else
come on deception you like inception I
like them not as much as the matrix I
like to talk about my matrix go ahead
but your audience is I want to see
matrix your audience wants is your
audience should see the matrix even
though the audience is no good they need
to realize what that movie tell them why
are you here
we actually I came over we were debating
on going public with our secret affair
but she was like I don't think they're
ready for it this you guys probably
won't even actually know what she is
gonna upload this just to play with
y'all's heads even more let's let's do
this what is your favorite ship name of
ours
Lily mine is silly that's my favorite
one I thought that was genius
I almost got a tattooed on my collarbone
I think she'd be Lucy Liu never gonna
win me over lose he's here because I
stole his tripod and I'm obligated that
before I forget because I completely
forgot about that where is it okay so
that she'll says she went wailing I'm
gonna thought it would and I'm not even
mad about it cuz I didn't stop it I was
just having such a great time and now
it's really late so now I'm really
scared to tell you that I don't want to
post a video I have to make a really
early friend event tomorrow I have just
had a really mentally um busy day left
after the interview elin seals it oh my
god like Lindsey was so refreshing like
I mentioned but like prior to that I was
like I can't my brain can't work anymore
like the meeting this morning was so
long and then my interviews and then my
dear my drinks maybe was also so long I
was just like my brain can't take this
right now my brain is still processing
Selena Gomez so I hope you're not mad I
think I'm gonna lean towards the fact
that because I have to wake up so early
tomorrow not just wake up it's a red
carpet after walk for tomorrow's event
and I have to look good I don't hair and
makeup or anything I do myself so I
think I'm gonna post a video maybe I'll
maybe I'll spontaneously pose for on
Saturday to make up for it but really
sorry can go wash my hair now I'm really
really really tired um I'll make it up
to you if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I'm so full but like there's
winners only
