I'm meeting cynical mr. morrow oh my god
oh my god okay listen listen so I been
so difficult to plan this vlog because
today I'm prepping to meet Selena
tomorrow but I can't release this and
I'm going to combine this vlog footage
with tomorrow and actually meet her so
it's like is it a really long blog and
this can be very difficult Danny but
it's like okay listen what's happening
k'tano dying he's going I just sleep all
night
I've major anxieties like meeting the
rock all over again I always said it to
people the rock selena gomez I'm meeting
her tomorrow we're shooting a video
together I don't know exactly what the
video is going to be because I very
dearly want to shoot a skit but we might
have to do like a challenger game either
way I'm meeting on it's me great I am
going on right now to try to find the
perfect gift for Selena Gomez II know
she has everything probably can get
whatever she wants I was a gesture of my
appreciation towards her as a human I
want to get her something so I'm gonna
go gift shopping for Selena Gomez oh
yeah right
I pray to God that she doesn't never
watch this vlog because I'm gonna be the
biggest fangirl secretly hope she also
does I had the best gift idea five
coupons the fish touch my beard five
times oh my god get out of here let's go
let's go okay so I'm adding to a novelty
store this is what I've I know I am a
genuine Selena Gomez fan so I know a lot
about her already but I know she loves
pickles I know she knows hot cheetos I
know she loves she has dogs I know she
doesn't like babies she loves her fans
she loves a trim kill him with kindness
I know all of these things now I just
defined a gift that a gift for someone
who has everything
pretty much that's the goal right now
also this I feel it please God let there
be a pickle section to the store that
has amazing pickle related gifts please
God God I just wanna point out that this
trip I was supposed to as you know
moving Dalian November this trip I was
supposed to look at apartments get all
my stuff sorted out do a bunch of stuff
and I've literally just put everything
on hold for this moment and worth it
worth it I will fail at everything else
as long as I find a good pickle related
gif basilia Cova it's fine
these are my priorities these are my
priorities it seems we're in a pickle
huh-huh-huh
come on this door ah I just stood there
hoping if I stand here longer maybe
something will appear but no there's no
look at the store now we're heading to
another store close by um I feel like I
need a back-up plan
I don't have one your beard is not the
back-up plan the back-up plan is a hug
I'm literally trying to plug my phone
charger into my camera and okay I'm
losing my mind I didn't find anything
I'm a little bit stressed now I'm
thinking I'll just I'm thinking that she
has everything and the thing she cares
about is like spreading kindness and
like love and all those things that
she's very about that's maybe I'll
donate to the charities that she works
with that's I'm thinking now but I'm
super late I need to send a creative and
I need to go to Jimmy Kimmel I do much
things that I just there's not enough
time in the day
ah okay so I'm gonna head to bed in less
than 12 hours I'm gonna be I'm gonna be
with Selina and honestly um I have some
real talk with all of you I don't I I
know I'm acting like a huge fan girl and
I know you might make fun of me whatever
it's it's not about it's not it's not
all just about meeting Selena's also
that this year has been crazy for me and
I I have a bucket list just as everyone
else does and this year I've checked off
meeting the rock meeting Selena Gomez
and going to Trinidad all these things
going on a world tour this year's just
been so overwhelming so this experience
is just very overwhelming because like
holy crap I didn't think this would
actually happen and I'm just instantly
points in my career I all often
reference Selena Gomez I often I'm like
what would Selena don't and it all
sounds weird I'm much
I'm not module don't four years older
than her but like I reference it because
she just been through such a awesome
long career and has had so many
difficult challenging moments and so
many like spectacular moment she's
persevered so all of them so every time
I'm doing this thing was at K what would
Selena do like what would sleep so
that's why it's a really big deal for me
to meet her and I just hope I don't make
a fool out of myself and spontaneously
combust and that we make a good video
because I know it's exciting for all of
you as well but imma shut the F up now
we shut the F up now go to sleep wake up
and be a mess but this whole life's
about right let's do it
good night today's the day ask me I
gonna die I'm leaving the house I'm
leaving else this is happening very
badly the house from this moment on you
feel nothing but confidence excitement
positive energies let's enjoy it lets me
go let's make a go okay I'm got it
together sing a billboard of myself
really reduce reduced my nerves right
now first time I seen in LA so I'm going
on right so y'all know I publicly have
my bucket list on the internet and I'm
at the rock and I am going to Trinidad
and now this moment is going to die I
know and she's already wonderful I can
already oh my god I'm trying so hard to
be cool all of my energy is going into
being cool right now this is so weird
yeah it's cool hi guys and if you didn't
know revival is coming on the 9th and
you better get it it's gonna be awesome
seems me wonderful I hope you like it
what's your favorite song in the level
don't owe me no that's question just
everyday okay amazing we're gonna play
the newly friend game and Witter so
Selena is wonderful and she's splendid
and lovely and now I am watching her ski
she invited me to stage
okay so this is rehearsing phrallan and
I'm going around to rave about her much
more later on but holy crap she's
wonderful holy crap she's wonderful
okay hold on wait hold on stop shut
everybody shut up everybody shut up
listen shut up everybody listen you know
why I'm excited I did a video with her
it was the newly friend game
I gave him my scripture a skit that I
wasn't able to do today but hopefully
one day we'll do skit together it
doesn't matter because the number one
thing is that she's lovely and everyone
always says you don't want to meet your
heroes because they might not be what
you expect them to be and my two people
I look up to the most and gain
inspiration from our Dwayne Johnson and
Selena Gomez and I can officially say
they're both wonderful people and I
totally understand why I gained
inspiration for them because they're
phenomenal on and off the camera and
she's so real and she was so down to
earth and Frank I love her she invited
me to her shows um
I told her my girl you better not be
like B being quite a guy speak I'm a
girl you better not just be being played
because I'm gonna come check on my mama
cup so holy crap I can't I can't she's
so great she's friggin hot she's freakin
sweet she's friggin great she's so real
I appreciate that
that is everything I strive to be in my
career doesn't matter how rich and
famous and big you get she's still so
grounded god damn by her album so I'm
just old humble everything and I've been
ranting Randy and I want to say first of
all humble isn't so patient with me
Sarah was like oh my god cuz I've been
rambling on and on like when I get
nervous or anxious or excited I had the
same conversations over and over and
over again so I told Sam I'm lucky
enough to deal with their saying it's
cool it's cool Mike as bad as you think
you have it humble has it ten times
worse he's listened to me for days and
days I don't know I am so happy for this
is on her list is on her vision board
and she accomplished it it's creepy how
many things that she's accomplished this
year I'm so happy too but he's had to
hear the same conversation 700 times and
you'll have here at 700 more times he's
been nothing but patient a wonderful so
I'm going to post a picture I tweeted
saying y'all went when I watch my
Instagram this the picture I'm gonna
post
he's wait is it reflecting there does
the picture went to post um I'm on this
video on Monday so not the next we did
one after that and I'm on like cloud fa9
and I was talking humble mug I pick good
people
as my inspirations because they're
wonderful I already said this Vincent
getting wonderful ah
ah celebratory Chipotle run
I feel like numb on on cloud nine and
will have a sentimental talk about this
later but this whole experience and my
life in general just motivates me to
work really freaking hard today's that
day that she's such a good we can do
anything you want and nothing is gonna
bother her today she's in such such a
good mood I'm okay I'm I'm can you just
he makes it sound like a tired I'm
generally a pleasant person no she's
always in a group I'm just saying today
you can just go astray and just do
whatever you want
she's just unclad 24 it's gonna follow
me on instagram we have confirmation yes
what see my fans are the greatest of
everything great I ever realized and I
was cause of you wonderful people show
me I love you so much
you sent me screenshots thanks Lina's
following now and steps she's gonna see
a lot of really unflattering selfies and
I can't know hate the dunmer photo jump
again no no photos I would make it a
joke I even told Selena this in real
life I was like your fans do some really
interesting things are the pictures you
guys photoshopped pictures of us
together so well where makes me believe
it and finally I don't have you anymore
cuz their pictures together
that one's real are there any more there
is more what I'm thinking of doing by
the way is the video released Monday so
I'm thinking that I know there's a lot
of Selena fan accounts who are really
supportive of my stuff as well and
always show me so much love so I'm
thinking about taking screenshots and
sending it to fan accounts of mine and
Selena's and giving them the right to
exclusively release it whenever they
want and saying I'm just sending the
screenshot just to you so if you don't
only person that has it so taking what
promoter into where you also get your
tunes team super on whether your team
super Timbuktu or team super Callie or
team super or team Selena what salad
agency knows what do they sell inators
so a moon on desalinator so yes so all
of our fan crews and I saw some that
follows there's something like support
both of us together so I'm gonna give
you guys exclusive screenshots first
before anyone else surely open them was
that was that was up this day is so
surreal I've so so many great things in
having today it's amazing day I'd hope
went to work just now I feel great my
inbox is at zero that's always pleasant
because when box was absolutely a mess
prior to this I stopped my entire life
for a cell
see what I did there um I'm headed to
have some drinks with nick nick bateman
Nick Daman with his handsome self and
then I'm gonna come back home keep
working that's the plan
leggo also remember the time that I did
a collab with Selena Gomez
solo party Oh randomness out right now I
walk into this bar and guess who I see
signaling happens randomly me up here
let's recap today ok real quickly I met
Selena Gomez she's wonderful
claps er I went for drinks with Nick
Daman Sarge a shoulder what was today
what what what what so we're playing the
song is called good day because Lily's
having a really good day
different lyrical matter it's the same
thing come on I have a theory that when
you're as a workaholic as we are and
you're an entrepreneur you based your
life off wins so we call it w's humble
came with some amazing term we said Lily
doesn't matter how much you accomplished
in your life every day or every week you
need double use you need wins every day
need new ways it doesn't matter what you
call this today
tomorrow you'll need new wins that's
what drives you so every day we count
our double use our wins today was full
of double use full of double use and
that's great because a few days ago I
was feeling very W this and che was one
of the I was just talking humble right
now I think today's been one of the best
days I've had in a while I feel so
genuinely happy today that I've not felt
in such a long time it's one of the best
is in my life I just feel so raw happy
right now and you know what the crazy
part is October 7 2015 one of the best
days of his life and there's a whole
gang of you guys if she gets a share
would ya is this amazing to show she got
like oh I'm so happy I was bald channel
for this exact reason I'm just having
the best day ever we are having the best
day ever this is just crazy
taking what we've done in 2015 I dare
the rest of the world
just wash what team supers gonna do the
next 25 days listen this vlog is
probably already way too long I've
combined two days it's way too long it's
I've said so many things over and over
and over again she was genuinely one of
the best days of my life it was just
such a testament to like how much you
support me and how many wonderful things
we can do and I'm really really happy
that the people I look up to deserve to
be looked up to and it was great and I'm
so overwhelmed with emotions that I
can't I can't even can't even get it out
so all I can say is thank you thank you
so much for believing me in supporting
me and supporting with my dreams and
supporting me and everything I do and I
can't believe this is my life I'm gonna
go to bed lie in this bed stay awake and
be like how about f is this my life
thank you so much and don't for even a
single second believe that you are not
capable accomplishing everything you
want to accomplish in life because you
are so capable and I'm gonna go to bed
right now thinking of all of you truly
thinking of all of you so thank you I
love you so much if you I could
subscribe if you liked it subscribe I'm
hungry
we're just like bored you know oh my god
and he likes cooking that's it I have to
marry him
