what's that I'm wearing the same shirt
again you know good morning it is 12:00
something I slept in a bit a good sleep
humble still sick ladies wearing great
shirt so that should make him feel
better
we're about to go run some errands some
secret errands I cannot tell you about
but you'll find out very very very very
soon I promise I know you even secrets I
hate the secrets I hate I hate this I
hate like it's causing a drift between
us but I love you I love you and you're
gonna find out soon
that's we're gonna go do and then
tonight after X amount of hours of
secret project news we are gonna go to
the Jimmy Kimmel show which I'm very
excited about and we get you have a tour
it's very exciting and we will get to
meet him which would be very cool that's
the things that are happening we don't
have that much time so let's go so back
home I didn't have a very successful run
for my secret project and things I need
to do but I'm super stressed now because
I don't have time and I need one more
day and then he's three more hours in
the day but I already turned up took
shower and because I'm gonna tape okay
I'm having overwhelming where'd you go
really high I'm extremely stressed right
now and I still didn't get this dress
but I'm very stressed because I feel I'm
being spread too thin but it's all
things that I want to do so I'm like
this position where I can't say no
things I want to do everything and I'm
like spread way too thin like there's
way too many deadlines people are
calling me like I need to present new
natural isn't like dude I'm just calling
someone before yeah look dude I can't do
this right now like I'm doing something
else right now people just keep
scheduling things and scheduling things
with scheduling prisms like you always
chill that phone chill though I can't do
this many things and I'm overwhelmed and
I'm very stressed and I'm being spread
way too thin and it's not fun right now
for me so we're here we are gonna late
cause of this fight over there
I'm excited for Jimmy Kimmel I'm excited
I'm very stressed know be excited and
promising myself as soon as it starts I
shut off my brain and enjoy the moment
yo so we are home Jimmy Kimmel show was
so great to meet Jimmy and he's so nice
and so wonderful
also Jermaine Jackson was there just
like chillin I'll sign that the singer
jewel it was a great experience everyone
was super nice and super friendly and
the cake there the food they had there
and the greenroom it was not a joke the
cake was not a joke we had a lot of cake
it was a lot of cake to be had
I'm so it's a great experience is great
fun and I told you mean like you know I
look forward to be on your show one day
soon just to put that in the atmosphere
one day one day soon I hope to be on
your show he said yeah for sure to look
you know but it was fine it was cool and
it's great now it's home time in work
time and stuff humble made dinner and by
dinner I mean breakfast dinner omelette
oatmeal water it's good to just stick to
what you're good at
you know how well get set that's fine yo
so we just did a bunch of work um I'm a
jerk let me start by saying I'm a jerk
I'm a jerk because I know I keep talking
about something you don't know about and
I'm very sorry this is basically options
I would have it's either don't vlog or
vlog and keep things from you so I've
chosen to vlog and keep things from you
but I kept the tour from you right now
is the tour you're all very excited so
just know that it's always something to
surprise you it's never ill intent just
always something surprise you
I'm a nervous wreck right now uh so I'm
going to try to sleep that probably
won't happen and then I'm going to wake
up tomorrow to a wonderful beautiful
exciting unreal day and today was great
you know we met Jimmy Kimmel he was
great
I had a great conversation with him
was mostly about Tripoli I don't know it
was just a really cool cool day it was
really cool seeing everything happens
there and I don't remember today I this
is interesting I'm gonna shut up in a
second but today I've vlogged two days
at the same time so I've logged during
my secret project stuff but I can't
release it it's like I don't remember
how much actually logged for this vlog
so this is a short stupid vlog I'm sorry
but I'm trying my best and honestly the
last thing I want to say I keep saying
honestly the last thing I wanna say
you've all truly truly made my life an
amazing ride that I could have never
even imagined in my wildest dream did
not people have dreams my life is
surpassing my dreams where I'm like wow
I didn't even dream this up and it's all
because of you and it's just I I can't
believe this is my life and I can't
believe the amount you support me I
can't believe the things we get to do
and it's just really like I'm having a
moment it's a really I don't know it's
it's it's crazy it's you got you're the
best I love you so much you're the best
ah I feel like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe if you like it that's good
so close
