happy thanksgiving day yo what's up as I
mentioned in yesterday's log today is
Canadian Thanksgiving but Thanksgiving
Day long weekend I guess you could say
woke up my family is over I'm out of
breath because I've been on the
hoverboard thing my whole family's tried
in my nephews my dad is on ok my dad got
like a helmet knee pipe in his doing
he's actually pretty good at it but give
all stolen for me I haven't fallen off
once I had a close call and a tumbled
enroll do the thing but I didn't fall
yeah so I'm very surprised at that but
let me show you what's up yes I'm not a
lie I'm really impressed with how good
my dad is at this he's better than my
brother loved my sister everybody else
he's good at this
I'm surprised also I don't I can't get
on the thing I don't know how to get on
but I'm pretty good once I'm on it I
also don't know how to get over the
slightest crack or bump or curb or
anything so maybe not supposed to be
just like I've been pick it up every
time after Google this I'll have to
Google this but it's so much fun it's so
much fun I'm bought it carving pumpkins
yeah yeah Jonah what are we doing what
are we doing with that thing we're
carving pumpkin
look at me clean up you want me to use
that but what are you going monkey what
do you got a monkey huh sure sure
yeah baby yeah baby Oh Oh careful dude
oh you don't wanna put your hand in
there nah you want a green one yeah go
I'm gonna try to get the seeds any
toilet seat
see cuz I can see where it is from this
angle
join a hold hands in the pumpkin you
who's near the nice oh my God my mom
doesn't nicer than your winos nice look
at Amado why your hat so nice money this
pumpkin is giving me frustrations as you
will see ya here we're gonna see you
superwoman
fail epic the net carbonization ideal
for the situation because you broke all
the pumpkin carving tools or my sister's
drawings to follow okay
I never claimed to be in any kind of
artist okay
see see failure failure and here comes
mom the serrated knife at the end of the
pumpkin carving pumpkin Carver that's a
real one you have these ones that we
paid eight dollars for that fell apart
yeah we need both of us that has
stencils with it aha any any
inconsistencies because of my sister's
drawings again I never claimed to be any
kind of artist I suggested someone else
do it I was headed to sharpie hey I
think yeah let's stop giving all the
weapons to the children yeah
plan okay look look look at my sister's
mouth first of all okay just make it a
little bit like this okay
I just kids grabbing in my arms I'll try
to drive you can draw on it again by the
way and fix it you should know that
because I'm super old my family will not
ever let me do that no matter where he's
like oh so superwoman don't know how to
do this that's like the story of my life
it what are you alright we're gonna add
a tooth in here we have toothpicks them
welcome to my DIY she winds up parenting
yet she's let him pick up a char Bagh
done look at that come on I think it's
adorable
I think it's wonderful we should wipe
off Tina's failures at drawing or your
failures at cutting depends on how you
look at it or we can outline in black
black so money was in charge of making
cupcakes money made these cute little
cupcakes let me show you them we're
gonna decorate these into Thanksgiving
spirit then instead of Turkey since were
like most of us a vegetarian so for my
parents were having lasagna and
chickpeas noodles in fact I used to bake
before I start making YouTube videos and
I won my first videos actually was like
a tutorial Harry Potter cake and when
that girl was like it sounds Fe she was
talking about my cupcakes I may or may
not make some delicious cupcakes okay
fine they're from a box whatever but
still it takes skill so something that's
very oh I know what you guys would say
this is not humble other people besides
humble here terrific this is my brother
love so that's very Indian is I've
learned my mom we don't like to like
doing things are hot we still touch with
our fingers edge to the other oven
my mom went to make species like such a
Indian thing let me know if your where
your parents from or your culture if you
guys do the same thing but very against
like using you know tongs or my mom just
one times a dish I'm a little bit of a
pansy boom almost done stops tell my mom
they design yeah I say Thanksgiving Day
mom what do you think what are you
thankful for him thanks before I'm
reaching what I have anyone in
particular
every single thing as it was a be so
does that gift it may be a person and
specifically are included in that
Thanksgiving Day dinner
you got some sad you got some rice same
zhonya noodles Hotel Transylvania which
I know if you know about my girls Tina
Gomez is believing their Wow oh do you
know we met oh oh
that videos coming out tomorrow when
you're watching this today okay okay so
get this the balloons my birthday are
still like totally inflated that's very
impressive
the time is 8:30 I have been absolutely
no work today but it's okay Thanksgiving
Day I told myself when you're in a
moment enjoy the moment and I had family
over I was so nice to spend time with
the kids and it was great but now he's
time just rhetoric I need to edit the
Selena club I need do a whole bunch
stuff of the Trinidad show and like I
said my to-do list is a little bit
longer constant debate every time I
achieve something I think back to his
moments are like no Lily you chose to
work over sleep even though you went to
sleep so badly
something about a later Toronto tires me
out I don't know what it is like I
should be more awake right now but I'm
sleepy no no I changed my shirt
I just burped and I'm going to edit this
Elina clap it's almost like I'm nervous
to edit it so nerdy but I like I'm
nervous to watch the footage because I
don't know I feel like I'll feel some
type of way so I just cleared both of my
inboxes and posted a vlog and did some
stuff but now I just need to get to it
so let's strap up and go beast mode and
look at that I changed again cuz I'm
glad I changed twice in two days to make
up for all the times with the same
clothes I am adding the Selena vlog on
my face literally but I got something
cuz you know I like to be honest with
you I don't know I can't put my finger
on what it is but something is bothering
me and I don't know what it is I even
had those feelings like a percentage of
me is upset and unhappy and I don't know
why I'm editing this freaking video I
should be over the moon and I am over
the moon it's soul she's editing I'm the
one remembering how wonderful and
pleasant she is like something is on my
mind and I don't know what it is and I'm
trying to think about her like talk to
myself a lot and I just don't know what
it is okay I feel like I might
irrationally feel a bit lonely right now
and I don't know why I really don't know
why it's the strangest thing
it's not it's not fun mm-hmm we keep
editing this and oh no I think I feel
like I wish I was just like around
someone right now maybe who knows with
people all day still make no sense
hmmm just want to share that with you yo
the time is 4:00 a.m. like half of the
vlog is me fixing my hair cuz it looks a
mess you know I don't care anymore don't
care okay that's a bit annoying but for
Trinidad so we got some rehearsals for
that I'm gonna see all the unicorns
again that's gonna be fun um that's for
it means I gotta leave that was like ten
in six hours I don't sleep I do all that
stuff I finished editing the collab but
is up I'm so excited for you to see it
and I'm feeling a lot better than it was
before and it's just
so it's just so weird reliving the
experience because I literally felt all
the same feelings and emotions all over
again I thought was really cool but I'm
gonna have to bed and I hope you're your
happy place and I hope you're wonderful
and I love you so much
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe whatever everyone's a girl
superwoman wit just wonderful beautiful
fabulous women being Selena Gomez Oh No
thank you so much now if you know
anything about me what you might or
might not totally clear the way you'd
all I'm a huge Selena Gomez fans is a
huge honor thanks for being on my
channel
