baby won't you come my way I wear the
same clothes every day yo what's up I
woke up and there's some like you that
music going outside I was having a party
I don't know morning it is like 12:15 I
slept in a little bit humble is making
breakfast mmm smells delicious
smells delicious delicious morning
morning
so there's like a jam happening outside
of our place and humbling are they
trying to shoot videos and stuff there's
like mad wait a second
now that I mentioned it you can't hear
it by the Jews party it reminds us that
we're really in Mexico we're not in
Mexico ha ha but born is Mexico don't
ever forget that he said that I mean uh
I'm not inappropriate every night from
California will admit that they're
missing it you can leave your thoughts
and comments below in the comment
section you can leave your comment in
the comment section um what are you up
to what are you doing what you working
on I am working on this it's water with
strawberries in it yo San si we are at
the point now where were like Oh hunger
is happening what is this all of that's
hunger so now I was like we the exact
same thing we had yesterday cuz that's
all we technically have or do we get
something else because our options are
we don't even have enough faster
actually to eat both of us see pasta
oh my god nor do we have enough nons I
know we might have enough non-spam pizza
oven
yeah so we think we have to mourn on
stirring pizza nuns we haven't made any
asparagus yeah we just have 10 strands
asparagus each one but no no there's a
joke the fact that he took that
seriously I don't know what I'm gonna
tell you sorry to drop you I have the
tell of something you know what I like
most about humble and while editing
yesterday's blog you have a wash yet why
not by the way yesterday's vlog if the
family doesn't think and responds so up
from do we for example yo our mom would
try pawn cooking record this music yes
he's just like so instantly is down to
do things like that it's great he's game
hundreds on gaming right now to be like
yo should we go to like China hundred
sit-ups
yeah obviously game for a hundred little
all right we're gonna try doing some
situps
welcome to cooking with Billy but we
don't change our clothes we're making
pithan on today which is basically
combining things together putting them
in the oven hoping for the best with the
minimal possibly expired ingredients you
have step 1 take vegetables anything
that grows in your garden is considered
a vegetable if you can't open the bag
just rip it step 2
don't eat the sticker correct don't eat
the sticker usually a normal person use
a cutting board but when you're living
like me out of a suitcase and random
strangers homes you go with what you
have okay
you're gonna cut on the plate Bam Bam
Bam Bam you want to cut that like
friggin my mom cuts lines at a freaking
banquet hall party Bam Bam same you know
the extremes green peppers are actually
more expensive than red peppers the
grocery store which I never understood
because they're like pretty much exactly
the same like you know why trying to
make me spend more on my green on the
greens you got the red peppers ooh ah
coffee green pepper I want pick the
green but the key to cooking is to make
everything ahsoka song are you married
are you gonna clean new green pepper
mooing my shutd green pepper Baba nice
yeah all right look we got a nice
arrangement here look at that look at
that look at that it looks like Diwali
amazing don't you take mushrooms
why Jay not mahjongg I swear I can't
ever cut mushrooms or eat mushrooms or
do anything mushrooms don't thinking of
Mario it's just that's how my brain is
trained boo boo boo Dada Dada Dada you
me me me me Wow we got mushrooms
ah good step um 3.79 ALS spoon knife
you're in the matrix all you do is this
but for us normal people we don't need
to use our hands okay girl yo get on
dissa I don't know I don't even know if
we have enough sauce
look how we living up in here look at
the sausage you need to spread a see
when I spread my sauce I like to
consider is like me and my work schedule
so you know I spread that ish super-thin
Dallas Brian yeah with the minimal
cheese we have what I liked with a
tighter layer there so first I'm gonna
put a little bit of cheese imma go like
that with that if you don't do the
cha-cha slide while putting on cheese
really what are you doing and then I'm
gonna put some Diwali Bam Bam Bam Bam
Bam congratulations with Anya
mushroom mushroom mushroom mushroom man
hell no mushroom mushroom then we will
put some more cheese essentially making
a cheese sandwich on top of a non could
you imagine if it rained cheese like
this oh my god so many people would be
farting so it's good to talk about farts
when you're cooking but look at this
beautiful creation here oh my god way to
put that in the oven
mmm-hmm and I don't have any to have a
trace I'm going straight into the oven
like that cooking round ooh Sallis
sprinkle on some peppers make it rain
with the peppers I'll make it rain on
this noun on this mother ethnic non I
make it mean no no no oh damn I forgot
the cheese balls what do you call a
pizza that doesn't taste good salad you
get it because it was never a pizza you
get it you get it um BAM
buh-bye a pigeon yet I mean when you put
it in your I mean you're prettier than
me if something burning is that me
the pita cleaning is you have one towel
to clean everything you clean your hand
you can the counter and clean fruits you
clean plates you clean your face it's
it's all about really being hygienic is
the moral story good gay sandwich pizza
baby somebody's leaving the best chef
possibly you've ever experienced or that
there's only one chef after eating
Lily's food it's diagnosed it's just
really right
you have our own restaurant if so what
should it call this should be called
Lilly's with two L's oh my god amazing
' is not a suppose hey you mean three
L's right
triple hell I'm sexy and I know it
didn't even thinkin the trey songz of
pizza defin Ryan Gosling of Italian food
right here
bam bam courtesy of and processed within
cheese and the Farmers Market of
California so this is how I check my
mail when I'm not home my mom is on
FaceTime she's opening packages and I
got two packages one is a birthday gift
from uh Nicole and Day for the wonderful
people over a victorious who control my
app and night Nike sent me a whole bunch
of stuff as well this cool jacket and
stuff it's very cool and whole bunch of
other stuff thank you so much mom say hi
wave wave she's gonna figure out how to
turn on the camera
ah but it's time family time I pick my
face and I was bleeding all such a
polish got ordered to our door also
lollies here also Chipotle's here
everyone is here this is the worst thing
go we will never ever leave the house
again isn't dangerous dangerous welcome
to a tourist attraction called the Great
Wall of Japan um if you've ever shared a
rice bowl you know exactly how this goes
down you cheater you rice bowl and then
it becomes a natural divide and then
real the rice but no one wants to break
Exhibit A beside my side this wall that
neither of us such as we decide we were
arguing before this literally what
happened we're arguing back and forth
shut up person here you're wrong the
Chipotle arrived silence silence from
that point on and I would decide whoever
breaks the wall was wrong I feel like
it's almost worth it to break the
all just close up first Jericho you know
why cuz your water bring the water break
number one we're wrestling people you
know what's up
she'll be funny cuz you can't hear the
music it's a silent film so I'm not
being productive right now but I did
like clear out my laptop organize it
organize all my files do you know that
ways feels good when organized files I
made like a video schedule I made a
proper document with video ideas so I
used to have like 700 notes and now I
have one two three four five six seven
so um I did well in that sense also my
stomach is kind of hurting and I'm like
it's because well did you pull an
ice-cream but then I'm like nah it
doesn't make any sense
um are you being productive no he's
looking at wallpapers of Wolverine for
no reason no but I was very productive
no yeah same I feel like I'm at my peak
of being productive for today and my
brain no longer has capacity to be
productive
I'm a little sleepy actually you're like
kinda sleepy kinda I was want to wake up
at a reasonable time tomorrow tomorrow
is video date for me and for humble
that's a tune huh did you feel like that
about a reason to that no hope lit but
tomorrow we but a reasonable time we'll
do videos and we have dinner with Kunal
reasonable time is like reasonable time
is enough time for you to shoot and edit
the video edit it to a degree in which
I'm impressed at the Edit post it and
still time to get ready and go to dinner
that's that's real time real time to be
for you to be wake up shoot your video
edit your video release your video help
me shoot my video then you got in my
video editing techniques humble edits on
iMovie otherwise there's nothing wrong
with that there's nothing good on you
iMovie shaming now shut up um yeah the
situation right now sorry for the
passages do Sina just sit here and these
exact spots wearing the exact same
clothes I showered today I also took a
shower but I still put on exactly
close however I would if I were well I
wondered in the comments already is
establish you insane close about science
y'all ever seen much my six shirt is hot
up in the six there you have it it is
hot up in the sixth you know why why
wear different clothes why people are
always afraid of wearing the same
clothes cuz someone pointed out then
they pointed out and you're like no I'm
gonna read a little bit and head to bed
you think I've said this before Saturday
and Sunday the industry shuts down so
like I don't do much because I'm just
like wait like I'm just doing work and
it's not as exciting as like the
weekdays but because I'm a boring person
uh-huh but tomorrow's Monday and it's
video day and I got I feel just very
organizer enough look I know what's
going on I've kind of discovered I need
a team to do my videos a few upcoming
projects I have what it's like a little
bit too much me to do my own but they're
exciting ideas that I don't want to like
not do so yeah I'm just blabbering out
injured parkour my we're onto the bed
since we're on the superstore oh come on
that was like a double quadruple triple
bypass flip if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe yeah but you better have one
okay break the phone wait stupid for
plan my always over phone bill every day
you say I have no more minute I'm over
data I
