you know it's great you know it's great
let me tell you what's great sleep
double hand emoji double hand emoji good
morning I slept in it is like what time
is it 11:30 I slept in so nice I had
some like really long weird dreams that
like lasted the whole night one was like
I won an award and they wouldn't let me
do the acceptance speech now the one
that there was like a tsunami coming and
I was like saving people it was a we're
out of water really where dreams but I'm
up I feel refreshed I need to stretch a
little bit cuz my body's a bit tense
made some breakfast and get to work
today today we're gonna kill it kill it
leggo
look at this cooker here you don't
coaster
you got to the pen nothing like
California's son though I check out this
view so we got a little view right there
and a pool of course I got my period so
pooling has become complicated I know
you wanted to know that info so check
out this view over here I love this I
love that it's so hot today
you're so hot today is a wonderful
wonderful breakfast good job I'm gonna
take a shower and then go be smoke yo
what's up I'm bout to make some lunch
I'm killing today so far is 3:30 I've
done so much work on through all my
emails sent a whole bunch of important
you must start a long long long to-do
list let me tell you how many things my
to-do list has right now voila and think
what means I mean really ambitious Julis
which is kind of not always great
because it's nice to have to do lists
like oh I finished it I make my list in
a way where you can never finish it and
I know that's like kind of good and bad
but let me tell you how many things are
on it 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14
15 16 16 things are immediately on my
to-do list
not immediately but I hope to accomplish
most of them today so reach for the
stars yo and if you miss then
mother-effing get up tomorrow do the
same thing oh I think my posts mates is
ready cuz someone's gonna deliver a rock
star to me I'm a chef and by chef I mean
I put together very simple ingredients
and cook them at a high heat and now
they taste like something good ah look
at all this natural light right here I
just open that curtain and change the
whole environment it's freaking amazing
I just did a lot of work I finished
giving cuts of the Trinidad music set
that I'm gonna change up to chase the
choreographer and now I only have like
14 or 15 things I might to do this I'm
killing it how many things you got on
your list
left only gonna get done both are this
release the video you just reads our
video what's it about good piece it's
called ego ego is about you no kidding
well I had a second thing which was
still on that couch over there but then
what happened but then but that what
happened so before I you seem like a
tyrant yes if you work with me I do
totally judge you if you start taking
breaks and don't work hard is that
difficult entrance difficult going
missing
shut up you've been sick for too long
you'll need a stick passing through my
voice but would you you find a stick
fast like three days would you prefer I
let you sleep so really what he's saying
is I'm a great friend to work with I
only came to LA like a designer you
could work beside you so you can fit in
this spot Hebrew deli
the only reason my camera angle II don't
see nobody today I'm going over and we
go for my morning walk come back here I
work
hey what's she wear right here so you
could also work with us huh mold my bug
you though you were sitting right here
get what what eat what is we just you
some devastating news I have a pencil
this trip I brought a pencil and it's
out of lead why can I never just have a
functioning pencil it's all this guy's
fault so I just spent a really long time
watching Lindsey Stirling's videos and
Devin Supertramp videos and a lot of
people's videos and all my self-esteem
has disappeared
the time is 3:17 I've done a lot of work
today sorry it wasn't a very exciting
vlog we literally just sat here and did
work well we watched some of Devin's
parkour videos and I feel like I have a
try parkour doing awkward means I tried
to Park grown sofas this video will be
called the time Billy tried parkour
I'm an attorney what what do you want to
give us a general idea what okay
gracefully lavender can I want to
do some Devin Supertramp
camera all right
I want to start from the kitchen we're
gonna zoom all in again still action I
think you know that we should do one
more for safety
hey look we were not cutting the camera
there's no special effects here let me
know you're ready all we need to do is
add a little flow mode for that nailed
it
no yelling it new parkour champion right
hey I'm gonna head to bed now and
tomorrow is just another workday
nothing too exciting happening these two
days Saturday and Sunday I'm using just
catch up on everything and I've been
really productive today so I feel really
good tomorrow's gonna be an equally
productive day hopefully so yeah we just
watch the dishes
now it is bedtime pulling a read a
little bit and then tuck lolly in go to
bed hope you had a great day um
friendly reminder as always if you
haven't downloaded my free or iPhone
Android what are you doing what are you
doing what are you doing
the link is in description download that
issues called unicorn Island got games
and shout outs and contests and exu I
didn't do that also while you're at it
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe you
can't come in because apparently someone
robbed this house no one contacted me no
one said anything now without a place
and they're trying to figure it out
