I'm sick I have my period and I'm in New
York City is there even a god logging
for so many days I was so sick here's
what happened right Miami buzz got
infected and then I was like and I was
like green yellow stuff and then in the
middle of all of it I have a fever I
can't breathe and then in the middle of
that my uterus was like hey live footage
of my uterus right now all the things I
love the journey here was a literal
torture but I am here an amazing event
I'm only for a few hours so we gonna
make a month if I'm cap here's the
mission for today you go to rehearsals I
did it give me the points get my hair
and makeup done where a lot of banks
present at the glamour Awards go to a
dinner slide at home tomorrow morning
aside from all that beside New York you
will not my alarm interrupting me all
that's doing I know wearing a bra so I
went to rehearsal right and like I'm so
congested so like as I'm reading on the
Mon I'm like my name is Nick and it's
like so gross I just took some more meds
and like if I could take away one
element I just wish I also didn't have
my period because I don't wear so many
pairs of Spanx for this dress and my
uterus is already dying I don't need to
squeeze that ish some more like I don't
need to do that but it's gonna have to
happen if it's really really cool like I
went to her so there's like names on see
if you know I hurt her Serena Williams
did you Hadid just so many dope people
are gonna be there and I was like oh
Solange again just seems illogical
front-and-center it's not baked my BAE
straight up and down just the signs of
sadness Eminem's and dayquil next to my
bag that seems alright let's take a look
at what I'm supposed to be wearing today
see these mountains you might be like oh
I didn't know you was in Toronto when
you was visiting the CN Tower
what okay I can't walk in heels already
right and every time I do shows I'm like
hopeless of like standing position no
they got me walking across the whole
stage Rico so it's like I just wanna
start on this side right here in Toronto
and then just present all the way in
I'll walk across the whole death there
can you just hop skip and jump and do a
relay race to get to the damn podium so
I have to walk in these I'm stressed I'm
stressed I'm stressed I'm stressed okay
I need to shower I need to clean my
Bochy this doesn't matter I fall at
least my body has to look clean you are
me
you see this right here these two things
this little side platter of mac and
cheese and they spent $31 30 what you
already have many videos babuji hotels
and I know this mad privileged palms
have this mac and cheese I think $0.99
mac and cheese day is better than this
mac and cheese I just my palate does not
like expensive food every time I've
expensive food my kiss does not taste as
good I just really want a 99 cent pack
of mac and cheese if I eat this and I
don't mean to complain I'm grateful for
the food god thank you for the food but
$31 $31 I'm done are you done I'm done
are you to item I know back again back
back back back again yeah yeah well I
thought you were going to team yeah like
responds to my call and response guess
who's back back back back
swag is back back back
this is goals one Lilly Singh is the one
who's actually making your own theme
song know what our conversation is she
really does care everything would be
fine here's what's actually happening
Lilly
obviously doesn't like walking in heels
so we have a pair of shoes that are
especially dangerous have you showed
them yeah so you guys know what we're
talking about little too big a little
too high and there's an ankle strap no
it's not great it's not great no one's
really happy about it
sometimes Lilly gets a little you know
intelligent is where you're looking for
intense is the word that I'm like anyway
long story short I got her on this one
these shoes are pretty counting for
anybody so we're all gonna cross our
fingers hope that this works out for the
best
tell them what you did so we got them to
me
we enter from the other side of the
stage so I'm closer to the podium right
now is crossing the whole stage now I'm
just and true from the silence she was a
beautiful like Miss America Canada miss
Canada grant and trans across the stage
she was gonna wave at all of the minions
in the crowd and we cut that whole bit
so now she's entering from the fake she
has to go baby I would say six and a
half steps we should still keep our
biggest oestrus I am the director now
are you relaxed let me tell you this a
lot of people watching this they always
believe that when my two other people
are working on me so the goal that's
probably so relaxed it's actually not
when three people are like when you're
here and you're making me happy still
it's actually quite stressful people
don't believe I could imagine that it's
very trust me you're like wait imagine
because like you can't talk and
someone's talk to you you have to like
keep your eyes away than your Harrison
with a not sound stupid but trust me and
that's not experience it you don't know
you keep making some face but it's like
in the Lady Gaga documentary where
they're like she's getting like a full
body massage and I'm like I just cannot
relate to you right now is it because
she wasn't eating kale yeah really
thinks that all Kyle and I eat are
identical they're both bougie they both
have such weird like if you hear them
talking you make oh that's what people
make fun of la this is why it's like
they're so stereotypical la Kyle's not
even from LA I know what makes no sense
you guys are both so la musique
gluten-free kale eaten e12 shot Lincoln
energy boosts whatever the f you guys do
I think that's just called wellness you
have a lot of mental break doing my
glamour shots hmm this is my new friend
Lewis they say right okay can you tell
them what you're saying with my hair I
do whatever does not not stage
definitely this is a million dollar hair
the tongue and you said the longest hair
you ever seen you know this is the
longest hair but not only the longest
the health yes
yes right when I die come from my corpse
uh don't be a lineup there be a queue
dog it's your ticket now pick your
number now dog I'm sorry were you
speaking at today's event
I don't have time no cameras please oh
geez you want to know what I don't like
about fashion Wow
but also just kidding I love fashion
keep letting me borrow all the clothes
thank you here we are
Sara's obsessed with my look also I'm
wearing two pairs of Spanx and the first
pair was like I had this huge love
handles I was like no no no trial two
more so I wore like a short spank and
I'm wearing like a one-piece over so
there's two things I'm wearing under and
I got a period so my uterus is like okay
can we see denna Nana Nana Nana is that
it is a shining blue beacon all told it
became the single largest protest in
modern history the women's march of
January 21st 2017
organizers of the historic 2017 women's
March all glamour women of the year
especially this poster there were really
good friends of mine
please welcome entertainer and founder
of girl love UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador
Lilly Singh good evening everyone I am
so so honored to be here tonight in
support of Glamour's the girl project
which has given over 10,000 girls the
tools they need to get the education
they deserve from pencils to books to
backpacks to tuition fees five years ago
Maysoon was living in war-torn Syria
where her parents knew it was time to
flee her father told her packed
everything that matters to you into a
small bag
what did she pack not clothes not music
not makeup she packed books yeah yeah
yeah yeah you are correct and she
dragged them on the track to add refugee
camp outside Jordan her father told her
she was crazy but books are what
mattered to Mazen she knew if she had an
education she'd have a future now at the
camp she went from tent to tent pleading
with parents to send their kids to
school fortunately they listened she
became besties with Malala of course
squad goals squad and UNICEF enlisted
her as the youngest goodwill ambassador
and the first ever who was a refugee
so mizune it is my absolute personal
honor to tell you that tonight the girl
project is proud to announce a donation
in your name to UNICEF USA that will buy
books and supplies for more than a
thousand girls in need success okay so I
just made best friends with someone so
randomly I went up to her and I was like
I love your outfit we became like best
friends instantly instantly exchanged
numbers already texted Rachel Platten
who sings this is my fight so we're like
I'm like in love with her such a great
night just so many empowering inspiring
women lipsticks coming out look great
there's so many women oh I'm just like
oh I'm so inspired and like encouraged
to go home we're just like work that
much harder and it's everything I could
have worn it my stomach is hurting cause
I'm wearing seven under Spanx and I'll
suss out but it's not the most
comfortable don't get me started on the
heels let's talk about the heel so I
walked in red carpet I was like - Sarah
throw my heels on
like my ankles are going to break the
severe pain she gave me her shoes and
wore like the Hotel slippers Jeff is
back on and my publicist bless his soul
ran across the street and body slippers
from Old Navy these heels because I
literally could not walk in those shoes
so f that noise
I'm officially making a stance hear me
now when I said I refused to wear heels
or shoes that are uncomfortable
Everywhere's is I don't give it a I
don't care how good it looks at the
outfit I don't care what the press is
gonna say I don't give an F I want to
have fun I want to be able to walk and I
don't care how nice or what name-brand
the heels are I'm not even wearing the
mark my word I'm gonna take all this off
now after to cuff yourself he's come on
and so I can show you so much of the
event what the thing is the real talk I
forgot to vlog somebody I was having
such a good time I know it's really
effed up right now I was having such a
good time I actually forgot to vlog some
of it but I went up and I presented it
was all really good it was all really
great the most important part is oh
we're leaving New York in a few hours so
it's all good video today and I also
managed to super sixty so women a boy
like where did you come from also like
like that people are playing too when I
took that wasn't there I landed by my
little I used to mow where did you come
from on the place that was a good day we
know Williams walked by me I was like
yes Queen get it girl
drew Barrymore accidentally bumped into
me and I was like huh got a lot of
stimulus today my ankle the like acts
that you right now still hurt I can't
express your uncle supposed to breaking
on the red carpet like you're gonna
think of being dramatic but I literally
was walking off like this I was like
Sarah I didn't even wait we were like
wet into an alleyway outside I was like
I need to switch my shoes I cannot walk
anymore just a traumatic experience it's
never happened before so yeah me
good conjoint it is hard to blog and
weather bed so much happen I'm so happy
to moving back to LA and I'm not
traveling again for a little bit I'm
traveling at the end of November to a
secret place that can't tell you yet for
one of my 12 clans Christmas before that
my shopping that much which I'm not
static about we're going back to LA
thank you being patient when I was sick
and dying in the blog no the hospital
continued because that's what's the only
thing God they told and if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
another handshake it's okay hey y'all if
you like it subscribe I mean this might
be the Beehive because you taste like
honey and you so fresh like five gum hun
hunt is a short front for honey I
already said that I'm so funny I'm
repeating myself like a broken record
um um water
