I miss team super New York so I just
went through security really tired I
can't wait to sleep on this plane I
rented this airport JFK is so rude the
one of employees that really just took
the tray and like actually smacked me in
the face and said nothing about it I
know New Yorkers aren't me and because I
have many I've had many meetings buttes
in New York and all my fans and friends
have been wonderful and nice but it's
been a trip where a few people have been
very rude to me I've never charges in
Times Square the other day I very seldom
get angry like impulsively
I get angry but if I get angry
impulsively that new said something that
rude is that lottery so I was taking
pictures in front of my district several
patients one is I was at Times Square
and Yildiz impersonator people one of
them came up to like my mom and I on our
fam name is like hey you want to put you
on a picture and I'm very pleased was
like no it's okay we're good for now
things he kept asking and I was like no
like we're good it's fine and then I
guess he got annoyed so he's like what
you guys not like Americans I know just
as a joke because I was like no we are
American I know except me he's like no
you don't look American and he walked
away and I was like you racist mother
effer I was so pissed off then the next
day I was posing in front of my
billboards you know why go words and
some dude walks by he's like yo comb
your hair he walks away and I'm like is
I just in some races bored or something
but it's been a very interesting trip
like that I'm very excited to go to LA
waiting for humble he's still in the
security line but now what to sleep
we're heading to LA is the moral of the
story all negativity is left aside it's
fine you know evil see no evil speak oh
you'll go
before departure
I'm gonna get to sleep for the first
time in four days on this plane this
afternoon will be arriving at 48 a
baggage claim area is area 1 if you
continuing on to Fresno California
that's going in again 44000 44 a no it's
about to go rent a car rent a car and
I'm so just ready to be productive as
soon as I landed my energy came back
everything's great it wonderful husband
do you have it
number part first of his name
protector of
well you'd be a horrible gift those
characters I'm I would be first of her
name mother of unicorns protector of
unicorn Island Victor of flip cup so I
would be Lilly Singh superwoman first of
her name mother of unicorns protector of
unicorn Island Victor of flip cup
nakta holder of the bureau's
no you can say protector of the bureau's
this I rent a beautiful place we've been
45-minute drive into this place and this
chick is like yeah you can't you can't
come in because apparently someone
robbed this house no one contacted me no
one said anything now without a place
and they're trying to figure it out and
I'm like why wouldn't you message me or
something we did no you didn't I'm
looking at message right now what we're
gonna do is go to Chipotle we both all
that is this so dumb we're seeing in a
car we have no place to go at home I'm
on I'm waiting for Airbnb to call me
back so they can book another place for
us so dumb the place we booked for my
social sketchy they like you can tell
they're lying about some crap but mad
lying mad sketchy
yeah you could hear their plans but were
they called again that's this blast them
right now the pillow pillow homes don't
have it ran from pillow homes they don't
seem to care that we're stranded right
now wack adventures that this this whole
trip the landing processes and settling
in rather than very difficult like they
don't want every city that we enter
doesn't want us there so they're just
throwing easier is that us it's late
dodged them all Oh God still no clue
what's going on and our best buy we're
waiting for every mood cause back now
our best buy compass and buy some
headphones but in other news you know
where we are right now this parking lot
is the parking lot of the target that
humble and I decided to make Latin this
is like a walk down memory lane cos
we're literally returning stuff first
shoot walking here this parking lot we
kept saying later like what we should
make a song this is the space that
created lap
finishing moment silence
sitting outside on the curb waiting for
everybody to call me back
this is just I'm so frustrated today
like things happen it's fine but it's
like such a waste of a day we planned
the flight so we can get here get to
work
waste of a day sitting outside can't do
anything can't go anywhere I'm very
frustrated this trip has been very
frustrating everybody just keeps saying
ever call you back okay back I'm like
you understand I don't have a place
right now and I'm like outside like in
my car just so you understand
everybody's always been really great but
today they're not being a whack as f so
I also a migraine hold on okay so I and
they contacted me and called me called
me to apologize and give me a bit of a
refund
it took me tweeting them but I will say
they still call me went out of their way
once my case is closed called me and now
tweeted me saying all unicorns deserve
all the magic so everybody knows us up
with another notch over translates into
means like a homeys name goes everything
but no my love Airbnb just today that
but I generally love Airbnb and I'm very
impressed that they followed up and
actually did something so vile Agulhas
if you know what that means Coppa
we finally have a home oh my god the
person we had to from she's lovely she's
wonderful I love this place she's so
accommodating this is our place it's
pretty dope it's pretty dope let me give
you a tour see like how many other
creators do you watch I give you this
money home tours or different home every
week okay so when I rent places this is
so lame but the number one thing I
checked for is a table there's not
anything else I need a good table to do
work on because a lot of times you go
places and have like small tables or
coffee tables this table is a big reason
I rented the place this is the kitchen
right here the balcony has a dope view
it's kind of dark right now so I'll show
you tomorrow I've got a see here I've
got a little minibar situation right
here that's dope
let me show you my room which is the
master bedroom and you know what that
means two rooms me
I can actually sleep because I won't
your humble snoring I know how can cause
it this desk is all works that
right here I just welcome to it this is
my washroom and then humbles room is
over there but I think he might be in
the walk from but yeah those rooms over
there is dope right it's dope this is
our casa for the next seven days
Hey and yes there is a pool so a hectic
day we're getting massages we had to
masseuses there here kisses over here
and over here this is that we're
treating herself after a long day this
is humbles room by the way
he's already made it messy actually not
really actually yeah a little bit yo I'm
so tired but I massage I wanna go to
sleep
I did no work today totally no work but
you know what
it was an effed up day I'm gonna go to
sleep because I'm tired try to wake up
earlier your day and you smart new day a
new start
all let's do it it's fine I get to sleep
and snore free environments I wouldn't
make the most of that right now if you
liked it subscribe if you liked it
subscribe ok stupid phone plan my always
over phone bill every day you
