I woke up 243 new urgent emails must be
Monday good morning everyone I remember
I was talking about how my inbox goes
quite on the weekend and nothing can
happen on the weekend I woke up to a
crapload of emails today's an exciting
day it is was 11 right 11 12 its 12 I
just had a call I did call from bed it's
video day humbly helped me shoot a video
almost also shooting a video and then
we're going to dinner with Kunal and
much other work things need to happen
full speed ahead first cheerios so the
one challenge of LA is because the
houses and apartments really have
nothing really really have no insulation
um you can hear every noise outside
every siren every honk everything can
hear as if there was no walls we're
changing the apartment into a restaurant
because my video is going to be things
people love foods there like things food
lovers say something along those lines
so we're planning to change the whole
family room into a restaurant right now
it's gonna be magic movie magic yes we
just wanted to eat before she JK movie
magic we're still in the apartment I got
you but this is let's go look like this
is my restaurant
alright so I'm back home now we edited
my vlogging camera cuz I don't know I'm
like useless we went to go shoot some
stuff for my video outside of the house
when did you pull a and he told me I
couldn't shoot in the Chipotle and I
felt like I felt like my child was
betraying me it's not their fault he
just doesn't I'm sure they would let me
I just I didn't go through the proper
procedures to like let them know I'm
coming cuz there's no quick thing I
don't plan my videos weeks in advance
like I should a quick danger polish so
that was a bit of a bummer and a little
bit annoying to deal with but we did
whatever I just took that part of the
video we did what we could do now we're
getting some veggie grill I'm done
shooting I'm having like a little bit of
a frustrating day in terms of like just
dealing with a lot of corporate things
that I don't want to deal with as a
creative I just want to be creative and
I want people to be creative with and I
don't want to deal with anything other
than that and did I I missed half of my
hair while making my button look at this
why why what is this how are you you
might be wondering why I listen to the
same songs every day it's because I'm
practicing
my slang and I practicing just general
general knowledge damn it so close
effect we affect I bet that deck I'll
work on it um so I want to show you
something one of the reasons why one of
the reasons why my mom like hates when I
make videos at home is because I
literally destroy the place
I made one video today and let me show
you the result like I've destroyed I've
made this place into a restaurant I
destroyed the whole house there's food
just everywhere there's asparagus and I
played over here the bread just opened
there's like Cheerios over there it's
just I destroy the place because once
I'm in the mode for making a video like
I just want to get through you're done
get the video out and now I'm gonna
clean but that's why my mom I don't know
I'm going to clean humbles not feeling
toys taking a little nap before we go
out for dinner I'm gonna try to clean up
the place a little bit so it's not a
disaster for when we come home and have
to work everyday is fact that come up
defect I bet we've gotten more than you
and nailed it oh did you know a fan
bought me this I think they made it so
dope I'm wearing it got my blazer
basically when exactly when I wanted my
video trip I got my silver shoes why
didn't you dinner you look at cannot
decide my book if you don't know yet
could not have the book go buy the book
cuz he's a great person I'm sure take it
but what I'm not I'm not taking a bag
those were like hey I think I will let's
take I don't have a marker I'm not
prepared for this so we're heading to
troll knees phonies is our favorite
restaurant in LA was mine I don't know
if I'm speaking up you have you I love
drawings they also have one in Toronto
but it's not the same this one has a
Nutella fritters and their times was
just so good so enter tony's has been
I'm actually not hungry at all no part
of me is hungry at all
what up video reference today but I'm
asleep still because the food's great
and
and y'all look there's a naked man on a
Tommy Hilfiger ad my naked man how are
you the reason we've come the Nutella
fritters are you excited she slapped my
hand when I when they go to grab one I
did I did I did
now you can go ahead
yeah what's up toluene another copy was
booked and I got a regency that's so
cute he signed it for me and he said the
Swedish mussels ever it says dear lily
watching your star rise has been a
thrill but the true honor has been
watching you grow as a person
we'll still staying true to the way you
were raised never change for no one your
brother Kunal
if you had a nose bouquet go get I'm
gonna put a link in the description I
can get it he is honestly when most of
mine is saying this humble without
humble has met him how many times twice
a few times Kunal is one the one of the
most wonderful people I know his wife
and he has equally as wonderful I was
just talking humble at the greatest
quality I love above both of them is any
time I sit down with them they just make
people feel so important and so special
and soon as I sat down they're like tell
me what your tour you were all over New
York and they just like really make you
feel valued as a person and it's a great
day this is very genuine as well they're
wonderful they're great I freaking love
them I'm right or die for them mush up
I'm gonna head to bed I get early I mean
I get tired really early here in LA it's
one I guess it's not that early but I'm
tired I'm gonna go to bed I have so many
emails I didn't do but I'm kind of
sleepy today it was crazy today was
great today was it sorry I'm flustered
because there's so many things going on
in my mind but you don't know about I
can't tell you about but you'll know
soon but I just I'm flustered I'm sorry
I hate keeping secrets but I have to
keep some secrets from you and II hope
you never made a pony I love you so much
we're gonna have an awesome day tomorrow
it's gonna be amazing tomorrow actually
really tomorrow we're going to a taping
of Jimmy Kimmel and I get to meet up
something really super cool um so yeah
stay tuned for that I'm glad we get to
go on these adventures together so I'm
gonna bed and if you liked it subscribe
if you liked it subscribe
I mean I'm not hungry yet but like
getting there mm-hmm did you see that
what was that one of those he can have
whatever he's having
