good morning JK at 6 p.m. Joe I'd like
dirt ball today I just like didn't um I
woke up my friend slept over and then
it's landing and now we're here and
humbles here
here's a year tableaus here proposed
having gold up in for the first time now
if you don't know these are it's like an
Indian food like explain humble this is
is it like a flakey it's like it's like
this flaky pastry type food that you
fill up with potatoes yeah basically you
can't invite you for the whole thing
your mouth and it like explodes your
mouth it's very cool so we're gonna
watch Pablos first so yeah the whole
thing's got going too much here we go
over Chipotle chips that's cool I
started with so much wine I rented a
great time I just after a certain point
once I got a new toboggan bar I'm just
gonna go and I sleep so my bed for
ending the vlog but it was really fun
little special thank you so much for all
the wonderful and I are going to New
York
we're traveling again alright it's
really tiring didn't do any work today I
have to unpack my pack of so many things
to do there's a lot of work today today
she helped me she helped and even help
you that much though yeah well no you
didn't do a successful job go look at
your own I'm trying to make is that I
didn't do anything today I have to still
pack I'm really tired
send our worries movies oh hey you guys
look very what's the problem over time
so let's Pablo it up your butter
in a year No
yo we watched black mass Johnny Depp is
just such a phenomenal actor like I was
watching and I was like had shows
already so good really intense movie
like killing a lot of die a lot of blood
a lot of shooting in people's faces I'm
back home now
it's 12:30 I'm so tired but I have to
unpack so I can pack cuz tomorrow I'm
going to New York
straight after New York and go to LA so
essentially I have to unpack from my New
York LA trip so I can pack for my new
again later unpacking and packing it's
like I'm least favorite thing in the
world
oh you actually did really well I know
that really quickly I open some my gifts
Rick and Joe are so awesome they got me
books and adult and a dope bookmark
having Mindy's new book which I'm very
excited because I'm almost done her
first one and they also got me Knaus
book and Kunal actually told me he has a
couple threes walls and I'll have to you
know a good sign for him when I see him
by the way cause book if you haven't
gotten yet get it there's my boy right
here support support the boy yes my
accent is real and some other things I
haven't told you come on there make sure
you go get that
yeah Mohsen I'm so full I can't even
breathe really corns bought me this
shirt I mean made me the shirt where's
my charger I'm gonna head to bed I can
sleep for an hour in 20 minutes leaving
the house at 4:30 a.m. right no sorry
for him head to the airport humble is
gonna meet me there Diego's gonna stay
awake need to come to the upper with us
cuz his flights like an hour later he's
downstairs he's working and I'm like yo
I'm gonna sleep you do you think this is
going on I'm short vlog again I'm sorry
I'm sorry
um yeah waiting to New York it's gonna
be awesome in here we go on another
adventure just doesn't stop doesn't stop
this weekend has been so weird I feel
sometimes I feel kind of like I don't I
travel so much with there's certain
trips are like oh I'm gonna really miss
my mom
it's one of those trips but just coming
to New York very lovely for life in
America
