it's my last day being 26 yo what's up
what's up it is 11:30 I'm gonna head out
to run a quick errand and just pay run
on me I'm I'm a little hey hey only
three minutes late so not that much late
so I'm not leave enough Nazi I love you
we're gonna have a great day leg up
you know yesterday me always is so mad
at today me for not filling up my gas
and having to do it while I'm late
why oh my god my lolly honestly evilly
can you don't just just let it be just
key not
I just finished a conference call with
astronauts wanted and discussions of dg2
you wide movie which is exciting and
under works and yeah it is through p.m.
I got a few errands to run from my party
tomorrow the bouncy castle I should come
tomorrow not today I wasn't misinformed
but I gotta do that I got a pure graphic
t-shirt I got to finish some deadlines
stuff that I need to do and I want to
finish before like 12:00 so that I'm not
spending my birthday working although
working makes me happy so I my gosh I
just counts my partying to work I'd be
really happy water but maybe not
whatever that's what we're right now I
mean just chilly I went to tell him we
didn't you know we didn't know we're
doing that I'm weird right now
give me your dough me mama gimme yo me
mama good morning come if you know that
commercial Kampala because literally
that commercials most genius my breaking
things that was genius genius
advertising of life is my mom she lives
in the fridge
she's living in the fridge because
nobody else live in the fridge I have
miss my heavy booty I know
are you happy yes you are you shy so
cute so I read your problem in
illustration yet so in my kitchen part
of the kitchen now
I just need
this girl okay I'm the world's biggest
fail at several hours later I basically
went out to the mall to buy a t-shirt
and track pants came back with obviously
a billion things but I'd forgot the
memory cards went vlog camera at homes I
have a lot anything but for Justin can
get picked up some other stuff I picked
up some clothes and don't need but I you
know it's the graphic t-shirt and
trackpad party tomorrow but it doesn't
mean man gravity shirt and trackpad no
gotta be on point
yeah I mean so I bought some stuff I
need to eat I'm starving I'm to finish a
project so before 12:00 I'm trying to
finish it and I need to clean this
because every time I have a house party
my friends always go into my room and
this is like disaster zone so I need to
go to a duper attack I need to go do
those things this is a birthday
tradition always have at least one
friend what Joey has two friends so one
of them has to show up
yes also chase I'm your very real
message she was ok can you look at this
hair it's ridiculous it's out of control
chasing me message me like to listen
like I was any other Craig 4:12 but like
honestly the aquifers going to sear so
let's take a shot and I'm like you know
what I respect that decision I respect
that decision your shots before maybe
yeah uh-huh I've really feel like Popeye
her craving for popping popcorn with 30
minutes to spare
son I just finished that project I've
been working on um and it's 11:30
perfect timing also this guys wearing a
hat I think because I started vlogging
and he wants to look good for you and a
lot I guess that's a resting position
he's May happy birthday everybody this
is how I brought in my birthday typical
me fashion month of Hamelin were
discussing a project and going over like
work and like slowly the time goes from
11:50 till every tree nine twelve total
one and I was like you know your hump
let me call you back fuel economy for my
birthday he's like oh my god people that
might not know where anybody happens
deal with this
back we'll discuss again true true is
that no what happened that's very happen
I was sitting right here waiting for her
to get off the phone you know I like
what most my birth then I can shock
that's Selena Gomez song tell them that
it's not birthday we're in a party like
this is the birthday turn chewing on
toothpicks we're reminiscing about
stories revenues chase chase and I have
discovered that we are we're the same
age what are you 88 or 30 are you idiot
yeah okay
we're 27 which I'm sorry I'm a bad
friend
yeah we're 27 which makes us basically
30 we're having a problem basically
makes us 40 basically we're dead we're
oh we're dead we should be in retirement
homes
we're so all my back hurts all I know
all the time I have a full strand of
gray hair
oh boy a whole strand but do you have
several in your beard that is the
question you know what how beard I don't
know have we done anything to decorate
the garage as we migrate like this what
if a good friend is someone who comes
over spends the night with you of your
birthday like total owners just so you
can talk you jealous chase such a
sweetheart is my birthday
hey I'm going through Twitter and seeing
all of your birthday wishes thank you so
much and making me feel so special
already it just like 3:30 a.m. I'm gonna
go to bed tomorrow I'm gonna wake up um
doesn't matter if it's my birthday so I
gotta do a little bit of work I'm gonna
edit this vlog I'm going to submit that
thang project I had to do
I tweaked it a little bit for him submit
that then I'm gonna set up my party and
enjoy birthday so some you know a little
bit of a work day and then a birthday
day but thank you so much for already
making this day so special
through the appreciate it and tickets
Richard I go until tomorrow also on that
note the Trinidad promoters hit me up
and were like yo overwhelming response
we need to change the venue
so now let's no longer to shows that are
smaller it's one massive show so that's
kind of crazy
and gotta become exciting but dates
around cells I'm gonna thank you for
joining me on another day if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe you
could bring it to nut butter it could
bring it in a flat sunny morning
