damn when we haven't blogged in two days
I feel like I forgot how to do this
good morning I am back home in Toronto
um I didn't vlog for two days because
the first day I was traveling from LA to
Toronto and I was on a plane all day and
the second day I came home when I had
like a really chill day and wanted to
kind of turn off for a bit so I didn't
vlog or back at it the day is Thursday
and today's a super Thursday video
special super Thursday video because I
just gained confirmation on a
destination that eighty to you I will go
to that I'm very excited about no other
time this blog comes out you would
already known because the video would've
came out yesterday if you're watching
this today um okay let's talk about this
real real quick for a second should I
even talk about it I feel like I'm not
even ready to talk about looks like I
can you pack what's right okay let me
have breakfast first I'm not ready to
talk about this okay so I'm notice in
Toronto I have a really hard time
starting to do work like I can do work
once I get into it but as opposed to LA
nike m6 staring at Facebook for three
hours until I actually get to work so
and to get out of that today's package
is this huge thing I just got delivered
to my house I have no idea what it is um
so I'll open it together superlight
though what are this ah my god I know I
paid customs on it so better be
something dope all right
vlog this just in case is something that
attacks me it's gonna be on camera what
is this what okay it looks like a canvas
which automatically puts one person in
my brain hahaha
and I am correct definitely an
inquisitive illustration I follow follow
the middle penis ah ah
it is the illustration Alma made me it
was last year for my birthday it is
printed on canvas cuz he wants me to get
sued we're gonna forget that oh yeah
that's so unexpected of doppio
inquisitive you you know do you that
does you feel me of you thank you so
much as dope so unexpected oh my god the
colors are so awesome
where we're gonna put this oh my god
birthday gifts are ready what's going on
32 days over huh yo what's up it's 5
p.m. I just finished recording my super
Thursday video which is great timing for
me um and I announced the 82 UI show in
it okay let's talk about this I need to
sit down like have a moment with you
hold on okay and I already know this I
don't know why I'm freaking out to tell
you because you're do you know this
you're to seen my video October 17th I'm
taking a trip to unicorn Island to
Trinidad and Tobago I don't hold up hold
up
remember like why this is a big deal see
I've never been to Trinidad but I do
remember since the very beginning I'll
be making videos everyone in Trinidad
has been so so supportive of everything
I've done I've always told myself I
really want to go there because I would
love to see it ever beautiful things I'd
love to say thank you in person to all
people support me and also it's one of
those places where I constantly hear
people saying no one ever comes here and
I want to that dude I'm coming I will
come and I'ma be real with you and I
don't close the door even though like no
one's home but I'm so close the door
this is me being totally honest with you
like look out look out on something
totally honest I'm not saying this to
make you feel any type of way I'm not
saying it for you to think I'm like nice
and all the eff all that I'm just being
real with you you know I like to be
honest with you and maybe other
youtubers you watch aren't dishonest and
that's okay because they're probably
smarter than me but like I'm gonna be
this honest I'm loose I'm going to lose
so much money coming to try that and
it's not about the money than just
explain my touring company fully said
hey we know you really want to go to
Trinidad this is the offer you will lose
this much money and it was it was a lot
of money a lot of money but they said
this is how much you lose based on your
dancers travel your travel all the
things you guys need and the offer and
everything this is your decision off you
want to go and I was like dude we're
packing our bags we're going so again my
singing to make you feel any type away
I'm just saying it's not always about
money money is not my goal my name is
not my priority with this trip I want to
go um and just have a great time I want
to go have a great time put on a great
show and say thank you to everyone that
supported me and
I plan to do this with a lot of other
places like I know there's so many
places that have supported me like
Malaysia and Philippines and all those
things and eventually one day I will
come to you as well
but when I first does trip like this
tour turned out of the top of my list
and I just told them like I can't finish
the tour unless I go there it's just one
of the places I need to go so if you
have internet doing is back to my show
and helped me because I'm go go lose a
whole lot of money to do it but yo now
you can't say no one comes to that
because superwoman and her unicorns are
coming to try that let go let go let go
let go all right so the several hours
later it is 8:30 I posted the video
everyone really likes it Trinidad is
going crazy all the tweets and I
actually called Sara like almost in
tears like real story being like dude
everyone is so happy and I'm I'm look I
am so happy I'm so happy and excited to
be coming and I just hope the shows do
well and I hope they sell out and ah
it's crazy crazy anyways now that that's
happened um I have a whole bunch of
other work to do I can't even think
I'm sorry any of it okay I'm good I mean
I stopped being a nerd um I have a whole
bunch of work to do and then okay no
wait I'm not ready yet okay so I have a
bunch of work to do
also on Monday I'm going to New York
again and it's gonna be cool because our
30th YouTube is taking me around see all
my billboards and stuff and my mom and
my dad and my sister and humble and
Sandy might come and we control my
comment so we're gonna come on that
towards to the billboard it's really
cool having said that I'm leaving again
on Monday and so I got so many things to
do before that just I can't just I can't
I can't
did I expect that come up the back beat
but that but then more than you I so I
discovered I'm actually nervous to go to
Trinidad
after all this nerd out all this talk
because I realized that like I like know
a little bit of Trini slang but like I'm
not a professional at it and I also know
like 20 people are really about their
like partying and dancing and I just
hope that I can live up to that my shows
not all dancing music it's comedy
it's motivational it's deep it's and I
hope you all enjoy that as much as the
partying part of it and I hope you don't
get upset if I can eat when you slang
wrong I know some cultures get really
upset at this stuff like that
like I hope you don't a second to that
for my birthday party on Saturday as you
pull a skater he's me BOM I'm also
getting a bouncy castle that I've note
that my mom's told me is coming from
tomorrow Friday to Monday so all weekend
is me bouncy castle at my house get
ready for those mother effin vlogs me me
me me me all the time at 11:40 p.m. and
for past hour I've been sitting my chair
because I'm doing some creative work and
I'm having a huge creative block and I
can't think in a van idea that I have to
provide someone I'm like beating myself
up in my dog think of anything I'm
literally like brainstorming and
brainstorming I can't thing anything so
now I'm thinking of washing my hair
because I just think of ideas in the
shower so that's I'm debating also
eating all of the goldfish crackers
literally all of them there is no more
fish in the sea I ate them all so that's
that's the status are you ready kids
aye aye captain what up t-shirt
reference mm-hmm
you could bring it to nut butter it
could bring it enough last name on in
okay I'm tired it is 4:00 a.m. I just
didn't get that creative thing done yet
because I just couldn't do tonight but I
finished a lot of other work and I feel
good about it so I'm gonna go to sleep
tomorrow I gotta wake up I have an
appointment at 12:00 I've a call at 1:30
Chase is gonna come over and then it's
my last day to finish a project that I
have a deadline tomorrow um and then I
you start decorating my house for my
birthday that will be tomorrow night /
Saturday I'm gonna head to bed I hope
you had an amazing amazing raising day
um a lot of exciting things happened
today
Trinidad Tobago got a cool gift birthday
coming up got a lot of work done high
scores still four on flappy unicorn
download that app by the way free for
iOS on Android link is in the
description um and yeah released a video
today damnit a plan we do a lot of
things today good job high five um if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe hey
is here way too many college girls right
now
