oh my god there's ten of me good morning
I like my outfit ugh it's really swagged
out um I'm headed to do a day full of
interviews with sorry
Humber was supposed to come but Hummels
not feeling well so he's staying and
sleeping and the parents and my sister
everybody's on their way so it's gonna
be exciting
I'm excited also I think it's cold
outside I don't have a jacket
look at Sarah let's ambush her with the
vlog camera and I got breakfast look at
this amazing yo what's up I just did a
cool thing with MTV and this all these
billions of people watching me no
pressure whatever it's easy it's cool I
did something with MTV snapchat with
snapchat which is launched on October 15
so make sure on October 15th you check
out MTV's Discovery Channel snapchat cuz
you're gonna see your girl superwoman
I'll remind you then too because I have
to say that they're here okay bye
longest Chipotle line of history was all
the way around over there worth it
though worth it
sad phony feeling good with Southfield
series this since I introduced Apollo my
every day at least once a week that's
the really so good it's so good I'm
happy to have changed your life I'm
wearing to my second interview my
parents would have landed I'm excited to
see them humble I think I might she's
not feeling too good but he's still at
home Time Square I'm sure um second
interviews with Us Weekly let's do it
just finish US weekly in this beautiful
studio setup I was on the screen and all
the stuff and then I had to felt lame ID
thing she told me true friends true
friends finish my interviews for the day
now head to Times Square and on the way
to this interview I got carsick like a
huge loser had to pull over I am a nerd
and we're heading to Times Square
leg up he's in Times Square and every
time I come for this forever 21
will be the death of me is so big I want
to buy everything in it so we're looking
for my fans and my signs and all day yes
right now ah let go okay I cannot
believe this check this out
oh my god I can't with that happen to
the pictures I have to be the victor
Hey
apparently those two also switch
some people random people start tripping
the mountain stuff did you know that
girl
oh oh yeah hater have a question for you
bro
do you know what that is
I'm just asking
I just want to know if that if you think
it looks like there you go I knew it I
knew it I need like you did you know
that girl
you neither swear at Hard Rock Cafe now
Mama's here everybody's here oh and go
oh my god
she's kidding every day because we
cheesecake our accomplishments I know
what he said but yeah when he said think
about Times Square's always seems like
it's broad daylight
thanks so much like we're head to
forever 21 to go shopping trainees go
shopping no but when use in Townsville
you have to go to left up 21
almost everything I'm wearing is new
brand new
I don't either there's no no pardon me
school shopping but when in Times Square
what do we do shopping was there yeah
and for Istanbul to come along I'm gonna
wash my face and head to bed I just
posted two vlogs I'm totally caught up
with my vlogs it's only 12:30 but
feeling kind of sleepy something to read
a little bit go to bed tomorrow I have
an interview and have the media talk
with my family on the bus and then I'm
interview after that and then I got to
get some serious work done because there
are certain things that would do a few
days ago I haven't done I fallen a
little bit behind because I took two
days off for my birthday and now my life
is crashing down but I'm tied to bed
thank you so much for joining me on
another day if you haven't downloaded my
app yet you're gonna want a soon cuz
some cool stuff is coming free for
Android and iOS in the description and
if you like it subscribe you like it
subscribe and do like it
your call yourself home company and
second event you have to plan for level
Kinison the open at 9:00 okay I'm a
cloud 9:30 probably be on holes like an
hour 10:30 probably Toki I probably be
wrapped up by at 11:30 hold up yeah hey
listen I'm not gonna get to come to work
tomorrow yeah I gotta call my cell phone
provider
