Oh homie wherever you are we possible
harder apart TV lives here 1001 vlogs
holy crap I don't you thinking why she
have this mountain on her forehead just
look look what ma'am too much talk what
is my natural hairline I'm a bit of cuz
we're about to shoot a video of course I
write videos when I have late shoot
starts and I'm like all the video has to
be shot outside so now we're racing the
Sun but here's the mission for today so
you write a script shoot a video write a
rant or quarter when do the emails be
lit stay healthy
do the damn thing just add three random
things at the nth to-do list that you
know you can do naturally something you
feel like you're accomplished and don't
be in focus even once until now Oh is
she who is she live a little little
nectar who is she it hasn't really fast
yeah but can we can you when your whole
production comes to a standstill well
can you stop okay this doesn't happen
just stopping stop bothering me right
now both of you
there you go that's right Experian was
alive and right a betrayed him and bring
you home when you're grown yes I know it
all sounds very weird to you but I had
to put it into something more than just
words I wrote a little sparkin you
belong with the Lannister as we all know
Queen Lilly love skittles but hates
tomato 1000 video she didn't load
congratulations your grace way to go now
we'll ride in our Tesla dangerously get
pissed when someone spells living with
what it's just with games of Thrones to
the rock this is no thousand my queen as
you sit on your throne now it might be
the final season for the Lannister clan
as Queen Lilly on her throne shall sit
to pee and right now we have to make
sure we give you plenty of wishes
birthday wishes surrounding you so I
bless you with wealth help a thousand
more videos to end violently and of
course we will bring you home safely so
here we say with the spirit animal my
blogs will last forever
fantastic that is the best thing I've
ever seen your grace oh well I have to
make it straight in order to get you
back so I'm afraid I'll have to take it
with me in order to make the train but
you can hug him now while he's here
that's wishes do you all I'm pretty sure
everyone my team members say has seen my
panty and manifold because my dresses
for having a hot bath and I've been all
over the place
claps I don't wear Spanx circulation
hello and welcome back to craft time
with Kyle then we have a lower
production value we have only one light
above me and one camera so we've lost a
lot of our budget over here at craft
time with Kyle we're trying we're making
it through today we're gonna do a doodle
doodle pen paper with all the supplies
you need pen paper start by opening the
pen and draw a shape and you're done is
so ridiculous what a surprise for one
thousand blogs literally a singing
telegram with a dog what the F but now
we need to write and record a range so
let's do it by the way the random
recording right now is for a video
that's coming out today on my main
channel right now so right now as I'm
doing it you're in the future and it's
come around a few hours here a little
sneak peak I'm just to like woke as a
person you know I'm jumping a kale
smoothie right now this is gluten free
cruelty free a recyclable cup this
company named play abandoned puppies
yeah so I can't do all of this plus to
be in a relationship it's too much work
and then she hits you with I heard Kenny
has a crush on you what Oh broken oh
just there's my rank give me the points
let me give an example of how focused I
get remember I told you like when I'm
really focused on something I don't
realize things around me I was walking
to my room right now take off my
lipstick I was like why don't my feet
hurt this is my feet right now not only
in the way through different slippers I
already know how but there's not even on
the right foot there's a left slip
on the right ball and I just been
walking like this for god knows how long
I need to change this Oh God Miranda my
getting sick again I thought also
allergic reaction to the dog I throw
turning feverish all over again I'm like
no I'm gonna make myself some soup let's
do what the hell Danny
God welcome to cooking with Millie
you're missing an L
thank you for watching cooking with
Lilly I feel like if someone who works
so long-term on projects I'm so bad at
instant gratification with other things
I'm very like other pimple tips one
glass of water I should do it same thing
with being sick like oh I'm feeling sick
damn bye
yep should feel better any second now oh
my god literally the biggest mountain of
my life
okay so I've come to conclusion after my
scientific research that a few days ago
when I felt sick and I started my hot -
the next morning was like I'm totally
better that was my pre sickness now I am
officially sick like my throat hurts my
nose is running I feel feverish
I am full-fledged sick right now so
going down it's going take some medicine
Exhibit A into here Exhibit B my stomach
my stomach and my tummy my stomach
Oh
Lily 1001 loves and everyday I'm
grateful for your faces then you join me
on today I might take off my clothes to
them so hot right now and then wash my
face and then I'm gonna sleep why cuz I
cuz let why cuz it's late everything's
lit if you know I refused to give you
poor energy if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe ok ok so this is
my scientific including I'm sick because
all the little amoebas inside of me are
cold because it's winter on it gets
darker faster another dark and there are
Meebo hearts and they're making bad
choices and then my body's saying this
is bad
