the Sipapu brothers repelled well the
web level morning is a 4:30 a.m.
Pablo's going home that glows
disappearing well he's going to New York
as I am
mumbles over there guys what your fun
this week is over here
sleeping problem we made it to security
good job we did it good job
always at dilly-dally
yeah plane is this big how big the
claims huh um-hum buzzing back there
it's like a power pipe pretty much them
sort of duality
sleepytime anything what's up somehow my
birthday party I really got my wrist
it's like a locking and stiff really
strange feelings there's not that stuff
that's not amazing news is not horrible
is not amazing
can I tell how stupid our experience
just was stupid experience ever
so from Toronto to New York is Italy a
15-minute flight 5 0 less than an hour
you get on the plane there's apparently
fog around the New York Airport and to
reroute to go to Pennsylvania we land in
Pennsylvania chill for like 30 minutes
there
Mauricio chill not chills at all we
weren't allowed off the plane because
the customs and then we were in the I
think we hosted it for like 45 minutes
45 minutes to an hour
no yeah so I was just go straight to an
interview soon as I landed to New York's
I missed that then we just landed in a
different Airport now in New York where
my driver I were at all changed the
header report but because it's an
unexpected play we landed near the
hangars and I weren't a bus as it drove
us to the terminal the whole process
that I have been hours hours or really
look at it drove that literally we could
have drove instead of a 54 minute play
eternal power delay I'm here so I know
if you remember my last year trip like
two weeks ago I said every time I land
in New York then what happens a car
doesn't show up or something goes wrong
third time now third time in a row your
arcade suite hates me but I'm we have so
much falafels over ice that doesn't
matter you like pop okay
this guy was this friggin beard at his
pillow I love you I like I mean I'm I
like you I don't think you're like me
after 40 minutes of traveling the driver
had the wrong address the wrong hotel
after time something this is just
ridiculous though this whole morning
been ridiculous
well it's did you deserve the word it
just le8 lizards eat ham Lilly tumble
leprechauns eat hamburgers humble has no
completion of a sentence then they gave
me dried up toothpaste for a breath mint
today alright so we're in a hotel and I
know if you know a little while ago I
was at an event in New York and I made a
video called why hotel room stress
meetings because of holes in the
washroom doors it's the same hotel why
oh you wassup it's like five something
bad 30 p.m. had a three to three hour
nap I'm still not enough sleep but to
get up cuz apparent I woke up and Sarah
messaged me like hey so you ready for
this call and I'm like Sarah Dyson's
beginning of time have had a problem
because our time zones the difference so
our calendars sync differently so
continuously continuously a problem that
our meeting show up at different times
but I pushed it forty minutes over and
if you shower and get on track with my
emails complex released the sneaker
shopping videos I'm very excited about
that but I need to like catch up into
your day and I need to get on it falafel
over rice and has pieces of fries in it
this has turned my whole day around
everything is wonderful and great so as
many hours later we're doing work doing
a lot of calls I haven't made my video
yet it's 10:30 p.m. so I'm behind and
now we're going to get slushies and rock
stars that's the update um also my
commercial is playing during the daily
show the New Delhi - that's premiering
today and we got a rush back to see that
and I'm excited those slushees and rock
stars slushies they're rock stars fan
fest you too so we at the intersection
are where we add Chelsea
I don't know nine and something I don't
know but check it out
hold on let me zoom in hey don't worry
board action I feel the tumble amazing
I don't believe it's the thing I don't I
don't think the thing bact means I'm
greasy Newark pizza waiting for my
commercial come on and then I gotta make
a video man preg
we're excited waiting for my commercial
like a huge freakin nurse are you yeah
right I'm gonna be pulling me Lily a big
booty black girl on girl Lilly Singh in
today's video is all about we go to
video oh I got I got a video ever did
you know I say just one but then I'm
watching video that is video inside the
video I click that one if you click it
I'm gonna get in shop of candy
wait all of the recordings did you see
it I thought a beautiful you're a big
hug
I don't know if we can see us being
hugging right now but how do you feel
what their media reaction honestly I
wasn't happy do you think I don't know
how to respond because I just I just go
like in the state of numbers from saying
they are really cool another really cool
commercials looks good I think a big
spot your YouTube YouTube all your
monkey monster very very cool this is
another cool commercial oh yeah that guy
that movie how do you feel good I'm
gonna make a post that elaborates on
this like Shanna's Google user you're
holding a whole new system down also it
was very special for me because I know I
was while you were working on that I was
enjoying my life in Hollywood yeah every
time I feel that all my I shot this
campaign remember when we had that house
in LA where all the dancers all stayed
together that's what I came to shoot
this is her secret project now is a
secret five so it's really exciting for
me to see and yesterday on your blog you
eat us and other secret projects I did
announce it you said you're submitting
me or something with you guys for a long
time from now
see it and you'll know that this was
already here it was the same thing that
this was a figure project it was a big
deal
next one's a bigger project is even a
bigger deal let's go back to work yes ok
yes ok so online ticket sales trade ads
was one cell in two minutes if god the
internet gods love me that'll happen and
this I won't crash and I also feel like
I'm getting sick I have a little thing
in my throat and I feel like myself
getting a little bit like that can't
happen
dishes I just can't happen it just it
just it's not an option so it's not
happening we're just listening to all
this like Jack nice oka editing like
woke up t like evoke optelec evoke up D
lucky you never know bubbling off major
ah major why why the website is once
again s cup its effing everything up I
don't know I can't handle it this
website cannot handle
I think a team super share today I'm
sorry it's so fast ha Monson you're
stressed
I can't do anything about it I'm
honestly emailing the promoter on my
tweeting the promoter I it's so out of
my control I have no idea I don't know I
I don't know I don't know where she's
trying her best please don't be upset
you don't get tickets I'm literally
trying my best like without you no guys
understand that all these things
happening around the world like I'm
sitting in my hotel room here I'm not
the promoter I'm not the ticket website
I'm not I'm just going by what I hear
and when things happen like this is not
making sure I haven't made a video yet I
feel like I'm getting sick but let's
look for something else today's just
been a frustrating day in general you
know I like rock star energy drinks
right but sometimes for example New York
City didn't have rock stars they have
monsters let me tell you why I'm not a
fan of monsters Academy tear right now
because we tell you I'm a I'll
walk into a store buy a rock star I
either by tropical punch or perfect
berry
which means one of them is going to be a
tropical flavor that punches me in the
taste buds and the other is gonna be a
perfect blend of berries here we have
ultra red okay and assault what the heck
does a salt taste like what is the
flavor
what is ret what does the color red
taste like good what or did the
stupidest thing ever
this is a fancy hotel right I hate fancy
hotels you know how I feel about this
and to the record I know you're sick but
you're staying if I specifically
requested not the same hotels last time
but they put me in a slightly less
fancier Hotel fan we realized the
problem is a nice hotel the problem is
these boutique like when you have holes
in the wall why are they are we climbing
the wall but this is dear guest the
minibar is equipped with touch sensitive
device any items removed from the
minibar snack tray for longer than 60
seconds will automatically be charged to
your room account so the problem is we
can't even like take these rock stars
and put them in the fridge because it
fridge is full but I think we should
play it like a gambling game like can we
like
whoa-ohh in the energy
like a situation stupid chick Lily or is
it like a certain weight no it can't be
that hmm you see what I mean the ball
what kind of what kind of inhumane
people well why do people want to live
like this like I can't even read the
label of a bottle because I only have 60
seconds to do so then you don't charge
me they do the bottle of water that I
can't even look at why why so stupid ah
asshole - Bob oh yeah that's a salt yo
so it's 4:00 a.m. and I just miss
recording my video I struggle to write a
video today I struggle to think of jokes
and I struggle to record it if you still
want to check it out it's called white
bone plans or evil the link is in the
description to my main channel I just
I think today's travels really F with my
mind and I'm like a little bit like not
with it completely under this tool
Trinidad thing is also just like I'm
really upset about the whole ticket the
situation so likes a lot of things that
are like clouding my creativity but I
tried so I'm going to edit this now oh
yeah I suppose the video I'm gonna also
realize I didn't post today's vlog I
generally today was a fail so it was
generally a fail we're gonna shut it
down today we're starting in tomorrow
fresh make it up and tomorrow got a
whole bunch of interviews
my family's landing in New York and
wound we're gonna go check out some cool
stuff in Times Square and any good gonna
be a good day but today we're shutting
it down um if you haven't downloaded my
app it makes you do it what's your score
and flappy unicorn humble but I want to
break it right now in front of everybody
- for if you don't know what we're
talking about my free unicorn island app
for iPhone and I enjoy the link is in
the description download it because
people people have like 200 300 scores
oh yeah I do because you can like buy
you like buy stuff in flappy unicorn
also like I do stuff for a particular
span or make sure it's out of it I
really active on my app so now um app if
you have any let's watch humble they fat
be unicorn
if you liked it subscribe if you like
and subscribe if you like it subscribe
man in it okay I'm gonna sending are you
doing with a lot
