sweat what come sweat what
good morning I actually woke up so
earlier like 10 a.m. and I went to bed
like 5:00 a.m. the Sun light naturally
woke me up then I stayed in bed for a
few hours doing work then I went grocery
shopping now I'm back and I'm going to
unpack my groceries clean my place a
little bit because admittedly I made it
a bit of a mess yesterday get this place
going right to do some work today
today's another easy day where I don't
have any really intense deadlines of
course that's all things to do but I can
do it on my own leisure pace oh man I
bought so much healthy food I'm feeling
good making good decisions it's gonna be
a good day and there's something
horribly goes wrong in which case stay
tuned hmm hey I'm children look at this
I clean clean I clean I wouldn't next I
cleaned I cleaned that room over there
and for the first time ever while
staying in Airbnb I'm doing my laundry
I'm just killing the game right now a
horse I had to buy a whole thing of
detergent to do this much laundry I had
to buy a whole bottle of oil to make
this much food but you know it's all
good um I just edited a vlog it is
uploading now and after my laundry done
I'm gonna shower it's all looks so much
exciting stuff laundry showers this
quality content here um I made my bed
who am i and where is Lily okay yo I
cannot emphasize how good Mindy's book
is I know she has another one L and this
is her first one but I'm late in the
game I laugh out loud while reading this
book it is so well written it's so witty
it is so funny and I'm learning so much
through eating it so I highly encourage
you it's like even if you're not a big
fan of reading it's really fun to read
it's basically stories from her life and
just it's so vulvar and then so awesome
I'm a friggin fan and I want to be your
friend
hey okay immediately I'm having a little
for a hard time getting going today in
terms of works actually but I'm finally
into a comma popcorn right now some work
it's like something I have a hard time
grasping is that the entertainment
industry has weekends I don't have
weekends on Saturday and Sunday I still
do work but like emails stopped flowing
on Saturday and Sunday no one's
available and it's just like I have a
hard time adjusting to that so the time
is 10:51 p.m. I'm going to make myself a
salad I got a good amount of work done
right now I'm happy with it uh but I
think my brain needs a break why so dark
up in the or the lights off is that way
oh oh I'm gonna make myself a salad and
then we'll figure out what you do next
not not in a super exciting day and I'm
sorry about that but you know you know I
made that really quick and I'm really
impressed
I made a big bowl of salad it's got baby
spinach it's got iceberg lettuce to
cumbrous Ellery as grilled asparagus
sunflower seeds croutons and fake meat
sauteed with medium wing sauce I'm about
it I'm about it yo
so it is only 11:30 but I'm debating to
stop working now and lie in bed and I
keep saying everything I'm gonna watch
watch ballers and I never end up
watching it so maybe tonight I will
watch ballers and read a little bit and
then go to bed tomorrow I actually
didn't act like four hours of sleep okay
how I'm functioning right now but
tomorrow I'm shooting a collaboration
with someone I have never clab waited
before even though we've talked about it
a billion times I'm not gonna tell you
who yet you have to wait until
tomorrow's blog but I'm excited by that
because as a creative it's always
exciting to keep collaborating with
different people there's something that
I love clabber collaborating with over
and over like Connor and grace and King
but I really like collaborating with new
people it's a brand new experience a
brand new audience a school I like it so
stay tuned to see one collaborating with
tomorrow and I'll give you a hint
it's a boy
oh my gosh there's like a lot of leisure
days I've been having it's so strange I
thought it was gonna be like really
really hectic until the 22nd but maybe
not I hope you are doing well in flappy
unicorn speaking of which hold on I got
good feeling about this I got good
feeling about this
one two three four oh my god I would
like to thank two super um for getting
me to this point I'd like to thank God
my parents my thumb for leading me
through the crystals basically in the
champion of the world I got four and
four happy what's that you've got 25 mil
Shh this is my moment I got four whoa
that's good that's good end to the night
I appreciate that if you still haven't
downloaded my unicorn island app is
completely free for iPhone I enjoy the
link is in the description download it
cuz exciting these are happening every
single day I'm also I also picked a fan
art to print onto a t-shirt for Monday's
video so cool things is happening make
sure you download it and then that I
hope you have a great night eating
morning wherever you are then you also
love me more and I'm sorry of today's
vlog wasn't that interesting but maybe
tomorrow's would be more interesting for
you so if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I'm not a cool shoot look
who's here looks so beautiful
Michelle also taught me how to pose and
it was like she's gonna teach a class on
this she taught us red carpet oh yeah
like making for this must be common
knowledge a guy shaman sweetie
this should be a mandatory course in
school like literally Mentors
