happy birthday to me happy birthday to
me I'm getting about the castle and I'm
without now my parents woke me up with a
very sweet surprise pancakes and a
candle and pancakes and adorableness
I'll show you in a second they made me
this little frame things are so adorable
balloons or they're just my brother's
ready-made because my parents are so
lovely wonderful and blessed my bouncy
castles being assembled right now and
I'm instantly becoming cooler look at me
look at me and y'all are blowing up my
Twitter wishing me happy birthday thank
you so much you're wonderful um and
tickets for sure and i gon sell in 30
minutes so much going on okay I'm really
excited about that bouncy castle though
I'm really just as like for adults
bullying come on nobody go follow no
rules so my parents are so cute as I
mentioned they woke me up bright and
early walk into my room with pancakes a
candle and these boons and they're so
precious and lovely and now I'm gonna do
a little bit of work I know it's my
birthday but still tickets go on sale in
like 30 minutes so I'm gonna promote
that post a new vlog
send a few emails clean my room a little
bit and then I'm gonna get start setting
up the garage for my party so it's an
exciting day this is how for you hey
yeah I'm trying not to stress out on
this one day of mine um it's twelve
twenty nine thirty minutes after tickets
was gone so - it's on and sell yet and
I'm like emailing white torque I'll be
like hi to get that on zeal can you call
the promoters over and do that and get
them on this because you should know
every time tickets I've ever gone on so
for anything I'm always there on the
dole on my computer being like are they
on sale or if they're not on sale I will
no I'm not one of those passive people I
will know so now I'm like with ticket
set so I'm still good I'm calm it's cool
but I don't like that one what's
happened and if I had a dollar for every
time a promoter underestimated how many
people would go to a website at the time
I announced then I'd have a lot of
dollars right now so I'll keep you
posted with that situation so it would
seem dead churna dead and tobago broke
the website the promoters posted
something that said due to high volume
they need to like do something too
website and basically tickets husband
pushed on Monday does that upset me
yeah little bit but I'm I like super
stretchy but no can I tie something you
sure that um people enjoy that like I've
never been there sorry I've never liked
vibed with them but they're so chilled
they're like it's okay don't worry we'll
go under there just like so going to
flow and cool and make me feel good
about it so that's cool I guess it's a
learning process for promoters to know
that like don't underst underestimate
the power of team super if you tell me a
time your website go and get traffic at
that time so like make sure your
website's standing like mother effin
Sparta okay hey so I feel so special
today and randomly have an accent also
um yeah everyone's like we should music
sweet Cinnabon wish me on Twitter like
if that's not my life and goals I don't
know what is I just posted my vlog I got
that done address the Trinidad thing is
happening on Monday that's all fine and
now I'm just gonna revise that project I
had and submit it
I don't worry I know I'm working but
this is making me happy because like I'm
getting things done and it's only 140
and like my party's way way later so um
yeah I'm just gonna finish up get this
as soon as I'm done this then like done
not just chill um so I'm just doing that
and right and look look what I did I
mean ignore the fact that's all over
there but look what I did
amazing you see my floor and everything
I'm killing it
yo so I am sending this project it's a
secret project that you don't know about
but a long long time from now and I
talked about it know that today on my
27th birthday I sent the thing that
started thing so I'm clicking send said
let's go party in my party I mean shower
and wash my face also my mom's here I
got some flowers this you live from
Ibiza birth this darling little best to
have you milady
it's from Simone
I dropped my phone it's wrong Simone
from Mills my queen you know I love her
you know I'm in love with Samantha's
ransom Thanks
speaking of which I think it's important
for me to test out the bouncy castle to
make sure it's bouncy enough let's set
this party up and then appeared a wild
Pablo oh hey it's a flat Lou somehow
he's been gifted to me on my happy
birthday happy birthday whoa and I was
being summoned to help decorate the
garage it's my favorite cuz he has
muscles mmm the muscles they're just
tiny muscles nose do the exact same
thing on snapchat so Astrid wanted that
surprise me and sent me all the
wonderful bloom and Musa thought my name
and unicorn boo boo hoo oh my gosh I'm a
child right now I am dating women thank
you how the best people ever in my life
I'm a preteen right now I'm a preteen
there's another surprise this is the
cake
that caught broken but yeah about that
couch potatoes wipes yeah oh my god
popcorn is coming out of my cake ahh oh
is this what happened the cake was
delivered from YouTube like YouTube
Sammy's awesome cake with like a
skittles thing coming out it was Dover
their popcorn and then I'm fortunate on
the way here the top kind of fell off
and surprised to love it and so cool and
I am so thrilled that YouTube's Emeka
youtube's mu cake I feel like a loved
child with a lot of parents alright so
pretty much done I'm really happy with
how things turned out so this is now
this used to be a streamer wall which
they used to help set up and they hated
we made the balloons oh I know but after
no one in semi saloon so we got that you
got this set up over here this is gonna
open it's a bouncy castle DJ
be there got balloons we got some
inquisitive illustrations I'm so up so
nerdy of me but I have my own face there
just to cover the walls balloons
there's no cool chillin area like very
Middle Eastern type vibes and then bar
here how we feel about this what cool
and chase about Krispy Kremes this is
how I guess what Pablo jizz do you just
pull such a problem I was gonna wear
this gameboy shirt right I was so
excited about this I'm Pueblo walks in
my room and gets me this plaid with all
this up he brought me this shirt look
how cool it is it's a unicorn barfing
rainbows how can I not wear this shirt
not only barfing and pooping thank you
valid point so not only not sure oh my
god it looks so dumb with your shoes
with these shoes hey I'm really excited
every birthday I literally live for this
one moment Selena Gomez song birthday
you laughs you remember
Hey
oh you can have him anymore when
Chipotle
it was all night you were to give me
your camera cuz so much extra helmet
thinks of me in a bouncy house
Oh
Oh
all right
oh one more thing to all the unicorns
that ball Lily I love you thank you for
supporting her because truly and
genuinely she's one of the best people
that I know on the Internet and I know a
lot
she's always sweet and kind and generous
and you guys are supporting the right
person on the Internet she's amazing and
you love her for the right reasons she's
incredible I love her
very much I always joke about the
lillian thing but like I genuinely am in
love with her so love you lovely and
thanks for supporting Lily and I love
you guys I like okay now I'm going to
give the camera back slowly because this
is going to be the worst blog in all
history
Oh Mike don't go here right now I'm sure
this life has introduced me to so many
people
first look forward to parting with my
real close friends every school year
that love me for who I am is Lily and
not a super mo so thank you so much for
being here I love you all so much and
you're so refreshing and dude you guys
are here to celebrate and I have a new
friends here this really really really
really scary light Oh
underestimate how much you want me to
drink so much every time I'm lonely in
my hotel in LA I think of all the thank
you so much
your inner having a blast I stepped
outside so I can send you this message
because I freaking love you and you're
the best and yes I'm bad friend
yeah we're 27 which makes us basically
38 we're having a problem basically
makes us 40 basically we're dead
we're what
