you know what you are you're perf what
up sticker reference hey yo so I am
leaving my hotel in New York which I'm
not super sad about all those a great
nice hotel I've been traumatized by the
bug situation so this hotel is dead to
me
I'm leaving now I headed to LA it's like
a four hour flight and then I'm picking
up my car since I get there checking
into a brand new Airbnb apartment so
let's hope for the best
because the last one was Christmas I did
book a pretty last minute so we'll see
cuz I don't learn my lesson um and then
we went to People magazine party today
exciting's me awesome my neat packing
I'm in one minute late I supposed to be
the minute Alabi
I supposed to be in the minute to lobby
ago supposed to be in the lobby a minute
ago leggo so I picked my own flight I'm
like five stopovers no problem what a
company paid for my age I'm like okay
I'm a first class right here what up
video reference we're about to buy Dell
doesn't really nice nice plane shadow
Delta's delcass√© shadow Delta I will
thank Charlie and I'm very excited
because New York has given me a new
ticket her anxiety they can't wait to a
cuddle a palm tree so that's what we're
doing also slight
quality content right there quality
quality with a K let's do it
finally finished it
is
be gone to the next one
look at me I'm killing all my fire
already in my rented car okay
and call them in a second check into my
place and head to my place right now I'm
killing it way better than last year
from LA remember I was stressed and like
chaotic I feeling good everyone's so
nice and people are so nice that flight
was so nice I slept in the flat I'm
silly okay let's go check out the place
and hope it's not Christmas or Halloween
or any other holiday place are you ready
it's pretty dope he races the best part
hold on hold on hold on wait for wait
for it this viewed oh I'm really big on
sunlight so like this place has so much
sunlight I dig it
I dig this what is this Napoleon I got
some artwork got a kitchen opera here I
appreciate that
let's go check out the rest of it we're
in this together fam this chairs so cool
AC ok I'm ok with that for now okay got
the washroom okay okay
nice clean-looking bed I appreciate that
as well look at it's two bedrooms right
oh okay this is the bedroom um this is a
way bigger bedroom we got a private
washroom up here this butyl just a
full-length mirror I love it I love it I
love it I love it we're we're doing so
well we're doing so well okay are you
ready the best part you ready the best
part went into my closet walk-in closet
dad dole this is in my closet I'm in my
closet right now oh my god so dope
so dope so don't so No
check out the closets my qslide clothes
get all my shoes and land up get out a
hats lined up mile boat that
organization know you're gonna laugh at
that because of my room but the day I
get a classroom exists to be fair like
the closet I get for my new place
actually bigger than this cuz my clothes
still would not fit in this but it's a
good start if anyone went all the way
around then maybe but this is a good sir
I like the fact that this isn't I'm I'm
very happy my place also has no food but
I'm debating I don't think I have time
to go grocery shopping because it's 5:13
on my carpet sleep at 8:00 and after
toilet a shower get totally ready and
Sarah's gonna come to my hair in a
little bit so do I have time for bungee
jumping it not sure you got to grab
something to eat you all quick here by
People magazine party Sarah's coming
Saturday's coming Julian's coming my
publicist and isn't really fun about it
I'm excited
ah so I'm back in my place taught myself
wasn't again Chipotle because I gotta be
fit for this party but then I got
Chipotle and I decided I watched well
they interesting observation the place I
rented in the last time was a just a few
weeks ago is one minute away from here I
passed on the ledge polish always three
minutes away and a place I've rented
previously as to men's we have passed in
the three minute journey I passed the
two places I've been generally which
means that I must like this area no I'm
thinking shame for this area oh my god
whatever Chipotle burst skg killing it
Sarah also did a great job with my hair
is cute little skirt and it's cute
little top I'm both are from gasps shout
outs guess we're hooking a girl up and
our head to the party and series here
and there that's dope and telescoping
squad goes my life to say that but my
own squad I'm saying it squad one guys
so guys this is the first time I have it
walk slowly down the carpet because our
publicist did
so I'm waiting for her at the end of the
carpet
that was dope why do we talk about
alcohol right here is that a Cosmo
I love this party already I like you
martinis this party super cute
this is a mad squad goes right here by
the way this apple martini is good oh my
god yes so we're back
Timex goddess these dope watches they're
that custom watches show your watch
their watch I'm home and I decided to do
something healthy so I decide to get
cute little salad I mean okay there's
green peppers all in the beat so that
counts
oh no he defeats us there he's over and
I'm fine you know being bubs she's still
excited this but this is serious Marilyn
awesome I love it I love and you again
lack of light this is the only light in
the room
Sarah just left I'm gonna head to bed I
have a really bad headache and I've had
it for like the past couple of hours so
I wasn't able to really enjoy the people
party magazine people party the People
magazine party very much but I'm gonna
wash my face then head to bed and
tomorrow the streamys doesn't meows Mike
I steal my friends lose a couple awards
kidding kidding we're not kidding but
it's not fun time and I'm excited to see
people and Kingsley's my date so that's
cool um I got to go in the morning and
like get shoes though because like you
ain't got shoes for my offer yet and
like it's gonna be a hot mess flat B
unicorn I'm gonna try to beat my score I
got two right now if you haven't
downloaded my app yet go down on my app
is called Unicorn island spread the word
by the way it's not called flappy
unicorn it's called unicorn Island and
flappy unicorn is in unicorn I on the
app so don't get confused and download
the wrong up the links are in the
description spread the word and if you
liked it subscribe if you liked it
subscribe and here's what expensive
things are annoying let's talk about
expensive restaurants first of all you
have to dress all fancy to go to an
expensive restaurant and that in itself
is a
