wake up this morning like what can I do
today to accomplish my goals that is the
theme for today
waking up being like yo I have so many
hopes and dreams and today I'm gonna do
everything I can in my power to get one
step closer to accomplishing them let's
go
eyes woke up I had a good sleep and I'm
gonna make myself some breakfast then
I'm heading to shoot a collab with
someone another cloud with it's gonna be
surprised unless I put in the title
which case act surprised and yeah let's
go make some eggs
alrighty breakfast to serve I've made
myself two eggs over toast with grapes
and strawberry yogurt and walnuts and a
glass of water today isn't be great to
even be such a good I do you feel this
energy it's me such a good day I'm so
full that I still can breathe though cuz
I ate good food I don't even notice I
look at this window a billion times you
can see the Hollywood sign it's right
there
literally just notice today nope it's
off in the distance I don't know if my
camera will catch it but um I could try
hold on okay okay it tight that is it
he's head you also see this nail what's
up this nail that's Hollywood right
there that nails Hollywood yeah okay I
am losing my mind I can't find my wallet
and I thought it was my backpack I
checked the car check the whole
apartment it's nowhere to be found
I'm running late for my club and like
stressing I don't usually lose things so
I check my apartment again and if not
him to go into panic mode it's still
gonna be a good day though I am so
confused I don't understand I always put
it right there I came home from grocery
shopping so I know I had it I'm putting
it in the grocery bag taking it out here
what the hell is happening right now I'm
so confused
so maybe I didn't take it out of the
grocery bag imagine I threw this away oh
my god lilia so unlike me do you know
what new a Chipotle card is in here
forget my ID forget everything else
forget my credit cards my Chipotle card
don't ever do that again okay I'm so
worried about you
I came all the way back down to my car
with my wristlet didn't bring my car
keys hi brain
could you come back from the vacation
Iran right now that would be swell swell
okay I just had a really scary driving
Spearin didn't realize the street was
one way and like totally drove the wrong
way for a couple seconds before someone
was like who's Carrie is f all right so
today I'm shooting collab with drumroll
I like me now I mean I can't see myself
what's oh here here you go
oh no I see myself no no I got what's no
see I don't like this you got turned
back on you there you go i'm collabing
with you on the spot now and this is
that long overdue it is for real this
might be the most overdue collaboration
good to look at our long video we have
to do gap we're just good verse all been
chilling yes Suzy's place is amazing
see his place is convinced me to be my I
won apartment as well cuz I reduces the
live when you live on your own
just eat Ritz crackers and peanut butter
all day long he has been eating rice
crackers and peanut butters it's true my
life it's true he has like Simpsons
stuff over there he's a hoverboard this
is yeah I'm gonna show you this is
hoverboard you gotta go okay look at
this this part of his house I just want
this in my life you see this this stuff
like this how I want my place to be
Simpsons dog a lot of personality and
look that oh my god yes Mario princess
peach Marilyn Monroe oh my god you know
what you can't even see it close up as
from far as you can see that mr. Ayers
oh that's dope that's a Mario stuff you
got a hoverboard up in here
look at his TV it's a globe it's a
circular globe I just don't understand
his place is so dope can I show them the
drawing thing
I'm showing the drawing thing okay I'm
never leaving Susan sells basically as
this dope setup here anything with
boards I love it I see a paper that says
superwoman collab by the way I didn't
read it I private read it I just read
super oh god oh
michelle phan book upper here um but
this thing look look at those k so
basically this is how he does his
animations how do you turn it on it's a
screen as off watch move mouse oh okay
this is the computer this is how he does
animation than I do this part and like
look ah how cool is this
this is the coolest thing I have ever
experienced so this little pen oh my god
I just I'm so motivated to move here
right now and his closet is walk-in and
the natural light my god Susie I'm not
leaving your place so is it also the one
of the selected youtubers that I'm like
friends with as in like I trust and
we're fine with this cool stuff
what am i showing that oh where are they
back to the future you can't figure out
how to turn them on okay the lights yeah
the shoes the shoes on the lights oh so
go once again oh my god I saw these
complex every day these are really
expensive weather back to the future
shoes turning on the lights start lights
it's in the oh my god I like me now ha
ha so cool look at this closet and where
is it right little high right there yep
oh my god you actually ever wear these
yeah really you might like that since
you're a Simpsons fan you to that first
thing top that is custom-made on Melrose
here you can have the steering wheel
back and all Vista oh my god I love it
I'm so inspired I want to move here
right away also this is a monumental
moment and explain why this is a really
big deal hear me when I say the first
time I ever had cheapo it was because
swoozie introduced it to music dude you
have to try to pull you have tried the
first time ever titles with
and now there comes always have it on
standby oh it has a restful district
vinaigrette is always on standby all
right so we add magic only after we're
done shooting it's just has to happen
and now that gogans like Chipotle for
life but she has the car so that was a
rap and I can honestly say adonde over
here can I use your real name
adonde over here is probably the most
patient people I've ever collaborated
with a so helpful in patient not want to
like re take and retake you want to make
sure the director has what they want
oh sweet now ordering to volley from
post mates and we're gonna play some
Mario Kart because she's gonna lose I
mean I can't be friends after this
please Lucy what happened Bessie we had
with Netflix and children oh my god
Netflix into I so smoothly cheated
basically let me tell you how he has
Mario Kart 8 I've never played body not
I have the first Mario Kart everybody I
have the first Mario Kart if you have
more Kart 8 leave it in the comments if
you don't have Mario Kart 8 leave it in
the comments like the original I had the
first one I've never played these levels
now got myself to a predicament where
you talk crap and I can't deliver now to
see you got the only one
oh my god this I've never played this is
it the same like the saying and saying
everything but I must still give you a
few okay so I'm playing Mario Kart and
it's not the one I'm used to as I told
you so I was so cocky in the beginning
that I said that I would tag I would
take good I'm not gonna lie guys she is
really good at Mario Kart do not come at
her because I mean literally I've showed
her the game for like five seconds and
she's already like in second place on my
tail basically I was still talking the
bean that I said I would take a shot of
fireball every time I lose yours and
it's so heavy feeling this yeah okay
it's happening oh my god the first of
you had Chipotle delivered not a
delivered yes how does that make you
feel oh that's mom it's mine
what's yours its weight yeah weird no
but there's no fajitas oh hold on a holo
holo ha yours I'm telling you oh yeah
this is really like what you get I keep
it simple do you want to see me just do
this oh I try to do it sideways
that's definitely mine this is 1,000% is
yours this is yours
so no what were they miss out I think
the fajitas you sure it's not a big deal
though it's not a big deal it's not a
game big in like I told you they would
mess with you did yeah just great
hanging out with Suzy I am a donde I'm
gonna head back home now get some work
done
edit yada yada yada yada yada yada yada
yada yada yada yada yada yeah
oh there's 10:30 p.m. I just released my
vlog
well my vlog was uploading I fell asleep
on the couch and I'm like super tired
something about just going to sleep
after wake up pretty early tomorrow
I have shoots with BuzzFeed and AOL I
think I think those places um so yeah
that's not like 11:00 so I got to wake
up like 9:30 ish so I'm thinking about
going to sleep even those 10 13 really
early I feel sleepy so why not you know
why not I had a pretty productive day uh
productive slash leisure and that's okay
and tomorrow everything starts again so
yeah
release my collab with Susy tomorrow
which is great to shoot with him so
wonderful um such a good friend you know
someone's a good friend when they charge
your phone without asking I was looking
at my phone was on the calendar at his
place it was charging and I'm like did
you put my phone to charge it's like
yeah I'm like you tried my phone without
me
again I'm like yo let this be the new
friendship standards for everyone else I
interact with so great so I'm excited
about that
i'ma head to bed thank you for joining
me on another day before I sleep I
probably try bring my flappy unicorn
score common blue what is your flat be
unicorn score
mine is follow I can download it if you
haven't downloaded yet the unicorn
island app is free for iPhone I enjoyed
the links are in the description I will
see you tomorrow for oh my god
essentially our last day in LA again
it's a billion time if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
one two three four oh my god
