California no SAP all right
good morning look at this view look at
this Bureau huh I am I woke up how to
call us a moan so my days gonna be good
because you know I love Simone I love
her had a call about project IRL and
possibility of another show that's all
I'm gonna say I head to the mall I'm on
a really big time crunch right now I'd
go find shoes for my outfit that I don't
have the bottom of my outfit also needs
be hemmed I also come back and wash my
hair and very very soon Renee Tasha
coming over to do my hair so the whole
day is dedicated to the streamys and
getting ready and all that stuff um I'm
excited to tell my friends that's dope
let's go to Aldo and try to find some
shoes and you know high heels y'all
ready no I can't
you ready no cannot wear these why I
mean it√≠s able to change the game or
ninjas wear just wear like a onesie
should I wear what Cape not the Sun I
love the song
I'm here I love his voice I like I want
to hug him all the time every day okay
so that was a successful shopping trip
it was more kind of like hey I need
these shoes and I really have a choice
so I'm not gonna check how much they're
and just give them to me
uh-huh but I got them I got a lot of
insoles as well because you notice it's
not that I don't like heels like I think
heels are pretty fabulous and I think
they look like boss and some outfits but
I sometimes sometimes I do like my
sneakers and cakes but it's more so that
my ankles are just really weak and I've
had this problem since like I was
younger when I spew dance or say
anything like my ankles are really
really weak they cannot handle a heel
like they start to twist and Bend if you
get half tops oh yeah but I'm gonna man
up or after I'm gonna woman up and wear
the heels tonight so I got some insoles
and I'm just gonna like bill of it
alright let's go home
wash hair giddyup okay so I'm back home
I love this place a little natural
sunlight for you love it I gotta quickly
wash my hair because there's so much
hairspray in it and Renee's gonna what
me I can't wait till he gives me a scalp
massage I'm so excited um also oh I've
got Chico cash again oh sorry I'm having
a brain fart today's Thursday be patient
with my super Thursday video cuz as you
know is chaotic day I'll try to do when
I come home but these be patient Peas
so I took a shower and put on the exact
same clothes these are the shoes I
bought they're pretty boss a pretty
blouse and about all the insoles in the
world to put in them and I also bought
cream the amount of things I buy like
this that gets wasted because I leave
like five days and I don't I can't take
my suitcase it's ridiculous house goal
is to finish all the cream I'll be safe
soft like a baby's bottom
okay so I'm officially losing my mind I
just called a guy to like hey I need two
passes for my makeup and hair artists
who are coming up I rented like 2116 for
me he's like wow like I'm in 21 16 I
rented from you he's like what are you
talking about 21:16 is the room number
for my hotel in the W that I was at in
New York I'm losing my mind I'm
literally losing my mind
look who it is anybody I'm poppy doing
my hair the girl this profession is
right here that Bobby's got I love it
I'm so excited you're eating pizza again
for the second time today multitasking
this is the real reason I go to show
let's try to God you I wish I wish we
filled this creamy cancer ksama terrible
so bad with the cash drop so good yeah
look at this writing my place all the
time it's so great cause I love
different places there was a new
adventure it's a cute I know it is a
cool view I know
alright good how I'm sleek is my makeup
yeah she killed it and look at this boo
right here not only did he hem my alpha
now he's ironing here like my team is so
wonderful I would literally collapsed
useless if they weren't here I'd be
going away pyjamas right now that the
best okay so I love my outfit it's a
one-piece jumpsuit Sandi killed it
Ashley killed it would make you think I
feel so good and it's so different from
anything else aboard and it's kind of
like fun I'm had two streams and we were
excited before I go I just want to get
something off my chest and talk about
something really quickly um it's not a
serious thing I just you're my friends
and I want to tell you how I feel so I
have this youtube marketing campaign
going on so I always tell humble when
he's asking me about YouTube advice I'm
like listen the only way you know you're
growing is if you get hate comments if
you get no hate comments that means no
new people are watching your videos and
you're not growing at all so I
understand there's benefit of getting
hate comments if you think about it from
like a growth perspective it's like hey
a hate comment means someone new who's
not used to myself has come left a
comment that means new people are seeing
my stuff that's fine so the YouTube
marketing campaign I knew my face will
get out there more I knew more people
would subscribe more people would love
me more people would hate me genuine
part of my heart
99% of take comments don't bother me one
little thing that does bother me two
things actually
I understand Tim super is so protective
about me and I love that because I
always get them saying I'm so upset
people are saying this about you and
that means so much to me but I want you
all to understand because you're my
friends and I wanna be honest with you
in those situations it actually stresses
me a bit more when team super tweets me
saying so many people are leaving hate
comments about you and it's really
upsetting me because majority of the
time I don't notice hate comments and
when you tweet that to me that gets me
to think like oh everyone is noticing
that there's hate about me and
everyone's pointing out to me that
causes me more stuff I would prefer
first of all you don't reply at all to
get comments cuz you're not going to win
that battle it's it doesn't deserve your
time or energy but maybe not bring that
to the center of attention and instead
tweet about saying oh my god I just saw
your ad nose great and kind of ignore
the negativity because especially me
like I'm so scared of negativity and
like depressing thoughts and anything so
I don't just I just don't like it to
enter my world so let's focus on the
positive and not focus on the negative
stuff also
um I'll talk more about this later
probably tomorrow's vlog but I think
it's so dope that YouTube and Google
chose me as one of the people to be part
of this campaign and it's gonna sound
really stupid but it really means a lot
to me but my skin is brown and I do with
a lot of racism and I think as a
company's really progressive for them to
be like I don't give an F if she's
Indian and I'm gonna f if ymg has a
scarf on her head we're gonna put her on
billboards anyways and that's a really
progressive thing for companies doing I
don't think they even realize how much
that means to me but like other people
of color to see a billboard and be like
holy crap a person of color wearing a
scarf on her head and like dressed as an
Indian families on a billboard that's
dope and underneath my youtube marketing
campaign there's so many racist comments
of course it bothers me like 1% because
it's really unfair that the only thing
someone would see is be like oh you're
terrorist shut the F up but not even
giving my videos a chances Sox and it's
unfair but it's stupid to complain about
that I've said it from day one the
number one way I will fight racism is by
just being as successful as I can be so
those are two things I want to get off
my chest I'm genuinely not upset I'm
genuinely just like thrilled that
everything is happening my life and
headed to streamys that I'm most excited
about seeing all my friends and
Kingsley's my day I'm gonna pick them up
right now in uber X for life um but
losing is just not going to be the same
without humble alright let's go
look my date oh you guys um okay is that
pretty we're about to watch this car but
right now let's do it
so we're inside it was not so going live
in ten minutes we return on in ten
minutes and never turn off this is
happening
are you ready to small since next two
hours
Rogen and James Franco
what does happen I'm literally over
prepared for everything in life except
this moment cuz I really didn't think I
was gonna win um I really didn't think
so uh I guess I'll start off by saying I
heard to be successful you need to be
the dumbest person in the room and this
is definitely the right room to be in
you're also inspiring and I'm honored to
be here with all of you so you know for
yourselves first of all you're all
awesome I gotta thank team sue for my
fans you are the most loyal dedicated
passionate wonderful people my friends
my family my parents who let me not be a
doctor Thank You um also my team well to
be better every day and lastly I want to
say huge huge shoutouts to Google and
YouTube for not being scared to put a
brown girl on a billboard thank you
Oh
i won
you did not
I'm still like I don't understand like
I'm in a total state of like that hazard
I literally was so unprepared I think I
was congratulations to trivia Award
winner right here we show the motto and
use if I was standing during a whole
speech I was like fangirling I was
screaming and congratulations to lily
and all the uniforms on uniform another
bruh bruh congrats to everyone
for everybody right now I'm home I'm
home I'm home I survived in my heels and
I want nothing more than to take them
off and throw them out the door leave me
feet are killing I survived though I
just bought Burger King I'm gonna
quickly and then we gotta talk we gotta
talk because I don't get it I don't get
it okay okay let's talk let's talk about
this let's talk about this I want you
all to know and you know I'm always real
with you all those times were like oh
I'm gonna lose him to lose it honestly
was not a coping mechanism it was not a
defense mechanism I genuinely from the
bottom of my heart I was like I'm not
gonna win nor was I bothered by it oh my
no tell foreign Grace's guy right on
it's good that they deserve to win they
should win man I was I didn't prepare a
speech I didn't do anything I walked in
and I I treated it like I wasn't even
nominated us again I'm just gonna go and
chill on my category came like cool when
I heard my name literally my world like
turned upside down I was like wait it's
like most like I forgot I was nominated
that's how much I truly believed it
wasn't gonna happen genuinely like I
would be real with you I had no I did
not expect that they call my name knows
like what the hell is happening right
now I can't believe I won I am two
things I am stoked and I'm excited I'm
so grateful and I feel like holy crap
it's such an honor but I told you from
before even though I won awards are
still not how I define my success even
after winning a Streamy I'm maintaining
the best award I have in life is getting
to know team super gang do I love gangs
make people laugh and smile getting to
make myself laugh and smile that is how
I measure my success and winning
streamys not changing that is it feel
awesome to win hell yeah I'm so excited
and it's so wonderful and I feel so
honored but it's not gonna change my
point of view of this you are still the
best part of my job and the best award I
will ever ever get I am really just I
don't know this light wasn't lighting
the way hold on I just I don't I just
really I don't say I asked something
like a huge huge huge shout out to like
all my fellow creators that were there
congratulating me and were so kind I
mean all the texts I'm getting and
Kingsley who was with me all night it
was just such a good friend the whole
night he stayed by my side and he's just
so wonderful and just everyone who like
genuinely congratulate when genuine is
like yo like we're really happy for you
and it was just really nice it was a
really nice day I don't know I don't
know what happened today I don't know I
don't know I I don't know thank you you
are the best thing ever
I'm gonna take my hair out now do my
take my makeup off have to wash my hair
I'm so tired but it's like 12:30 I have
a call time like 6:00 a.m. tomorrow the
magazine shoot come out the YouTube
space and Renee is gonna come to my hair
again and I make a part it's not
actually but Ashley's friend is gonna
come to my hair I mean my makeup and I'm
just I just I'm taking a second to enjoy
this moment also the hustle doesn't stop
I mean we won a streaming more
importantly we have each other and I
love you so much
the journey continues if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe yeah can I get
four sides of wall please start well I
know that walking extra
