all right and doing super 60 I thought I
would put us on my favorite ones let's
do you ready babe welcome back really
think those we hunt the heart a pint if
he lives here it is a beautiful Monday
I'm just in a good mood
I just want take a deep breath I'm
grateful for you here I'm grateful this
is my job I'm grateful I get to share
this journey with you look at your face
look at your face I'm grateful for your
faith and you should be too we're gonna
have an amazing day Scarborough is
chewing on my shoelace right now but
that's okay we're gonna go to a finish
it's a secret Freddie didn't give me
points at least that video do super 60
shoot a video go to the office space set
it up for tomorrow's meeting go through
my inbox Leon's main box is a goddamn
mess are you ready big boy let's do it
and also Scarborough loves carpet don't
you baby go get the ball go get that
ball good but what if a strong smart boy
smart boy wow wow my son yeah bite
mommy's hand up I'll be wondering by the
way about the body he's teething so like
I'm not being too strict about the
biting and also his bite doesn't really
hurt just not really as his first
training and kindergarten class on
Sunday so I know the trainer's gonna
help teach me ways would like to get him
to stop biting out cuz I do believe in
well trained animals and making sure
that they don't buy people especially if
kids are around and stuff so he's gonna
get some training but I'm letting him
bite me for now cuz I thought his teeth
hurt so it's okay right baby I'm gonna
destroy the carpet good boy who's that
who's it who come baby let's go in easy
video let's go in video time
60 I'm I am doing super sexy I thought I
would point out on my favorite one let's
do you ready baby all these people thank
you for the Trish's baby thank you wanna
sweet mommy what
Hey Oh you wanna bite mommy chase Carver
doesn't want to listen to your problems
right now
now my favorite Joe Ben Brown said the
accuracy in this video is unreal log BAM
thank you love by much let's take a
moment to say I have two channels this
one a my main one and I really have a
lot of respect for anyone subscribe to
either channel especially for the people
subscribe to this vlog channel because I
know it's not the scripted comedy and
it's not like sometimes just me sitting
in my house and just doing regular
things and being sad be happy so I
appreciate all the vlogs ma'am and I
always try to show you actual love
during super 16 so shout outs to you can
Mia I hope I said that right Kimmy after
your bids never cease to make me laugh
thank you for that also blood fan show
us love them and that's why I do what I
do I want to make people laugh I want
you to have you know if you've had a bad
day come home but yo let me just free
laugh about something super for a couple
minutes what I want to do hello there
just hello that says that alarm gives me
anxiety you'll sing my alarm is the most
obnoxious sounding alarms so loud but I
refuse to change it cuz if it's the more
calm sound it straight up won't make me
up like ocean noises ain't about to wake
get smarter ephra beca SS just casually
making old ladies in seattle laughs we
love you well thank you all ladies and
see I felt my touches are showing I'm
sorry old ladies in Seattle but I
appreciate an aging but in the mug man
in mother thing so I appreciate you Amy
says Carville's Navy needs to be the
character nameless that's on the intros
of your vlogs dog long swag a hashtag
blogs am I love you your whole team
scrubber know everybody's never felt so
smell my face thank you so much I am
gonna add Scarborough's name Scarborough
has got to have a character in show work
and I were working on it oh yeah yeah
says a we need at nighttime 15 that's a
really good idea I might actually do
that fun fact this morning routine video
was because when y'all suggested it so
when I tweet saying what are your
suggestions why do I do I'm doing these
a lot today when I tweet saying what are
you suggesting actually send it up some
that uh-huh
Debbie Chappelle says finally new video
thank you well if your hard work and
effort in these I'm 10 and a young
supportive you I'm having very hard
times right now so the sixth amendment
again this is why I do it thank you so
much the tender age of 10 I really
appreciate that and I'm so appreciative
that you recognized
the effort that goes to the video so
thank you shall pay you last communist
lazy the cool cat said I'm sorry for
being late
you sound like my period be sorry I'm
just glad you're here Thank You super 60
I love you let's go from the video it's
literally been 30 seconds and
now I just want y'all to know the video
we're shooting says based on a true
story that's not believe it at very much
a true story it's called when your girl
got pit member all right I'm trying to
make a video today I need wanted me to
be my boyfriend announcer yeah although
you have a haircut
they're gonna think you're someone else
he's not Moby ball by the way it's your
location at the top of the script here
internal kitchen or wherever there's
bomb as a flight I want you to look here
sue me it's my channel if I'm here
tell you looking like a sweeter ting
thanks much do a montage of you act
natural just tada leaf thanks love
oh yes yes subscribe subscribe subscribe
subscribe I'm joking
Wow
the point we need to change the cup icon
to a little like spoon of water this is
what masako's drinking all that was very
different and have different abilities
okay
god damn I'm so tired I'm so tired well
we gotta said this office alright so
this is the wall I'm planning out
calendar for this month is gonna go
there a calendar for next month's gonna
go there those yellow file folders are
gonna go there and it's gonna be like an
organization wall I did F up one thing
cuz I didn't line it up properly it's my
life this should be lined up here I
failed so it's not a perfect rectangle
but this will be the organization wall
in the office we have some pictures put
on the wall you know I'm saying I'm
saying no I'm saying no I'm saying so
there's a lot to happen still here I
want to put like a table with the wars
that's gonna go over there you walk
through here and then go like this we're
getting at wallpaper there doesn't be
picture up there how to be a boss a
pictures gonna be up there survive it
survived you know one office their
office in your my office has no lights
yet and to work on that sky route there
you are I see you what are you doing
loves carpet and here's one a.m. so
let's go home and friggin finish what we
need to do well the amount of things I
do in a day I realized that even
mentioned that I woke up this morning
water skipper I welcome early wrote a
script went to a fitting shot the video
moves up the office set up the office
and I'm coming back and doing my inbox
I'm not complaining I'm saying the
amount of things I do in a day I'm so
goddamn tired right now I'm gonna fall
asleep I'll do my emails right now so yo
let's see how we did
look who's so hyper at 1:00 in the
morning cuz what happens when you sleep
all day huh
yeah yeah yeah little zombie little
zombie dog calm no you come no okay okay
baby okay okay oh you're very good very
good bye mommy's hands thank you for
joining us today
yo Frank goddamn we putting in work and
to show one in the pimple zone something
about water no Mauro babe
you
