Oh me no no I just got out of bed and I
was like how did this happen just
kidding halt this habit if he lives here
any Saturday is the weekend which means
nothing in terms of being lazy nothing
in terms of losses me this is another
day to make my dreams come true
here's Tara wake up dude I'm heading to
a Teen Vogue summit to speak I've gotta
make a deck for something I don't mean a
wooden deck I mean the PDF upper desk
I'll go to my tea you've also got to
write some more scripts hopefully clean
on my closet I know I'm lying when I
said closet but I just want my list to
be longer
well a lot of cool people are gonna be
there okay okay okay
survives survives without weight perfect
opportunity Beetlejuice Beetlejuice
beetlejuice
alright so we're here inside the green
room or like some makeup touch-ups I
think Hillary Clinton's got to speak
sooner I'm like I've heard she's a fan
of mine it's almost what happened that
viewed as you know being angry or too
emotional and you know all of the
stereotype I prepare to be composed and
calm no matter what he said
right now is for such powerful women of
color and I'm just here for it oh
there's a little lucky that you have no
I have not let me because I was born in
a privileged place but there's a lot of
hard work and luck does not be faster
and I mean you gotta work really really
hard and I think when people see my
videos you know they might have just
discovered me and they'll be like also
you're famous cuz you made a ten minute
video and I'm like there's hundreds of
previous tech news videos that have been
made prior to the one you discovered and
you know I started YouTube in 2010 and
that was before it was possible to be
famous on YouTube before it was possible
to make money on YouTube and I didn't
start because I was like I'm gonna well
I'm gonna be a billion or not was not a
big I literally started because I was
passionate about something I want I had
a I was singing about things and it took
a little hustle in writing my first
video about seventy views and I had to
really work my way up video Maivia there
was no overnight viral video sensation
that makes me I don't know the boss
telling me how to learn things and what
story I should tell and so people watch
the videos that they don't you doesn't
like me
more than that bird first lesson per
month if you don't listen to me I'm
gonna smack you
no but first lesson from mom actually
was to the independent what a dope
summit so many powerful women are just
like I usually best friends with you
with you when you especially with you we
just finished eating and now you think
is your farm what you think are you
thinking here too far I'm taking you to
a local market so la also your skin
right now and sulfur in water
we are in the most le please let me show
you why alright back home that house is
so unlabeled so lovely everyone use like
their local ingredients and just local
so damn cute now I'm about to take a fat
obese extra-large net because I'm so
tired got to wake up at 7:30 and this
morning sold by E o is several hours
later and I'm sorry I did oh just
chilling with my baby who by the way is
going to be coming here for New Year's
and I'm so excited you know my girl get
it girl you so first nano I get tweets
about you all the time like we missed
nano in the vlogs we miss Daniel I know
and by the way I'm we got her a one-way
ticket so we trying to make her stay
here we gonna chain her up in the roof
just make sure she does not leave I so
much work to do I think my brain is
going to explode section oh look do you
know how much work I just did give me
two points in case you're new here so
first I've never watched one of my blogs
you need to go ahead and click Subscribe
because this is real hustle that we make
each town are we entitled no no no
grateful harder and earn everything we
want you back
will you gonna join fam cuz that so
everyone and their mothers has been like
y'all have you want Demi Lovato's new
music video I have not watched I was
trending everywhere on YouTube i'ma
react to a right now live reaction
breaking news breaking buddy
like not in the action first time
release on Demi Lovato breaking every
record here we go ah let's do it this is
movie I can do Demi Lovato tells me you
love where's my cheese coming from dad
may you you love me
one day ago 12 million you same same
thing
ha okay here we go deme lobotomy credits
credits give me the credits
okay drone shot was good drone shot okay
she looks real cute also who is he
don't do it girl don't do it the trick
is a trap no no no no didn't know this
was a horror movie oh sure come to
brandy oh here come to brandy oh yeah we
don't use iPhones I promise I use this
phone I'm using in this musical I see if
my friends do FaceTime me show me this
ring I would just be like okay I guess
we're not friends no more okay okay
Oh dad Demi Demi Oh Oh who's Eric oh ho
let this be your brother ho it makes me
your first cousin ho Oh
who dad oh you liar Danny can we do it
the active just like sunny with the
chance up in here I am emotionally
invested into this right now
you got a naked woman half of freedom
and independence you cannot be
controlling Demi Lovato did you learn
nothing from Disney did you learn
nothing from Disney Channel let me add a
really long intro to my music video so
he wants to buy the song when you want
to listen to it they all go through this
every single where is the song the song
where is Lily song the song are you
lying
cuz I've never been ready just as a
whole come to with your eyes first of
all can I put your eyes in a bottle and
just keep them forever and just lick
lick your eyeballs your coupons and your
rod and cone cells whenever I know this
okay okay
you cannot deny the remodel vocals
preach yet get me tell him oh you know
we do singing from your heart with your
face gets all messed up you're saying
crap like okay just beautifully shot
though
this fitting though I'm about there I
could do a mad basically Instagram shoot
there she's singing from the heart here
girl yes what the hell's his profession
with the size of that ring can I just
ask besides of that Ringo you kidding me
she's just like this my diamond you you
don't know who you are without him go
you a queen with and without your
getting straight I love you I love you
didn't love you so here come that brandy
Oh Google do oh yeah okay girl okay
please girl please I pretty sure I met
you when you was holding an iPhone
please so Eric this hope the visuals the
aesthetics that acting the passion the
props the settings the color palette I'm
feeling all of this take me to church
girl I ain't even Christian I will kind
of work right here for this phone oh
those pastel colors neutral colors a mom
on her
oh no you did not you will not walk away
from Debbie LaBeouf no no you are rude
that is rude
no no no no where is Alec don't you
don't you fade to black right now it's
so good I actually liked that it ended
on like such a note that was not
possible real and painful and wrong I
was really aesthetically and audibly
pleasing aren't audibly audibly pleasing
that was really goddamn good I am
Jacques Demy
episode 1 of this documentary so cool
it's about planet Earth and like it was
called from pole to pole all the
wildlife and trees like everything I was
just like holy crap this job job so high
dude I like sound like someone that
would be high but I'm not high because I
don't know that feels like but like I
was oh but it was really pretty cool I
highly recommend to what this learning
is cool being smart is cool being
informed is cool and appreciating our
awesome plan is freakin cool
Oh sick day let's see how we did
don't with me for now so decide to
sing but I'm telling you it's goody to
surprise you wanna do a back to back and
put I'll change the toilet ah you know
y'all be sure Co it's gonna go away then
she but for now little Baskin Lee army
Lana's the way they talk when you watch
us today I'm doing something so cool so
I stay tuned for my vlog tomorrow
because it's about to be late I'm not
gonna give you any type of a night if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe and like it hail straight up
if you're watching this right now and
you're like yo she did a lot done it's
just working I'm about that I wanna do
that
subscribe this fan the blog fam is all
about working hard making our dreams
come true just being the best we could
possibly be if you're down with that and
you wanna hustle harder so scribe it's
bloody free
