I am NOT okay I'm not okay I am NOT okay
okay oh my goodness
oh my goodness I'm gonna frickin die and
have a mental breakdown right now I
cannot I'm late for my call time I walk
into my washroom oh my god I was so good
there's a freaking huge beetle like okay
yeah yeah okay yeah oh my goodness oh
I'm crying I'm okay
there's a huge beetle like this big on
my washroom floor I was so close to it
I left the tap on I can I cannot leave
this bed I don't care if I miss my shoot
I'm kind of late I am someone needs to
help me right now I am NOT okay I am NOT
okay I was so close to it it is so big
and disgusting oh my god oh my god I'm
dying I'm dying
hey guys reporting live from the 21st
floor of the W Hotel Lilly is in fact
still alive barely
that attack I have been tasked with
disposing of the Roche richest disposed
still living
not gonna make our call time though well
I was threatened my life was threatened
I are shoving the step I don't care I
don't care if she says it's gone what if
they're laid babies what if there's
others I can't I can't get off his bed I
am this is the end for me this is the
end for me
I missed my call time just be downstairs
in the lobby ready right now do I look
ready know your Cates me and you just
want to be safe no y'all might not
believe me
my hands were literally shaking do my
makeup I'm so late because I was like
I'm affected I am truly effective right
now this is my getup
Sandy's jacket my new Stan Smith's hey
and I'm headed to Busbee right now to do
some cool stuff okay to make me feel
better about life this is pretty cool
hold up
I've also come to the conclusion that is
it is in fact very hot in New York just
my hotel that's freezing cold cuz I'm
burning up right now I had mad frostbite
when I woke up now hotel is really cold
right it's freezing why and it's also
haunted and the devil lives there what's
on my buzz feet just did a really really
fun shooting about do another one right
now look at this awesome room you see
this not even place to be decorated all
the colorful stuff makes me very happy
about this also spike is here I'm here
everyone knows about the traumatizing
story from this morning I'm settling
down a little bit of a spike say she's
never seen me like that I've never seen
you visibly react about really anything
in life but unless it's positively like
she's mad at me like cry yeah it was a
situation to tears yeah it was a
situation every one of these offices so
cool could all these people doing cool
creative things
it's so awesome oh my god I'm sorry I
don't know whose this is what I'm
touching this look at this tape
dispenser carry on so awesome that's
really find do we know when this stuff
is coming up next week within the next
week keep your eyes peeled of course
I'll tweet it and all that stuff so yeah
but no we just had lunch at this fancy
place and it's so funny literally
everything I talk about
why I'm chief
specials
domitius lighting word-for-word
everything happy news jokes and now I'm
so kind of immigrant
you know now I'm headed to do a
last-minute thing that came up sure I
wasn't supposed to do but Kingsley
couldn't make it to do this shoot so I'm
filling in for him
sacks so we're headed now shooting in a
laundromat another video in German I
feel like I'm in like a nineties hip-hop
video this is great so I kiss your also
she's Mike cam guys it's just you and me
now
yeah yeah all right thank you hi this is
Nora I wanna shoot together today she
don't he's awesome computer hurt you oh
um this is who we're shooting with today
it's a sheep don't think that she might
be busy right now I see her baby you she
she does your name that's what's up
you saw I ordered a grilled cheese and
fries see with that oh this is a brown
you actually are about to I'm going to
do some work haven't easy nights my last
night New York and actually it's like
sleep and I'm a billion things to do a
half a billion things to do so that's
pretty cool take it easy
maybe watch some ballers so there's
Lilly corns one of my fan friend groups
has made this video called a Lilly coin
store and they were trying to get from
me me to watch for a long time but I had
a chance to properly sit down and watch
it and I'm gonna do it right now but to
watch a little Lilly corn story and
asked me mad emotional you mad catching
all the fields but I got fries I got a
little cards they got team super it's
gonna be great it's gonna be great
my name is was dope and that made me
really happy that was so good ah I hope
it feels right now ah thank you so much
for making that that is a point of view
that I honestly don't get to see enough
the fact that so many of you have become
friends is so so cool like real friends
that's really really friggin cool I'm
gonna treat this video and I'm gonna put
the link in the description the waiting
little accordant story check it out it's
so
wonderful and great thank you so much
for all your hard work and making it I'm
honestly gonna send an email right now
to everyone that works with me and
everyone at YouTube to watch this video
because it's so this is what we stand
for no it was I could talk about the
September's with that thank you so much
that was so so so meaningful to me thank
you
I still not turned my room into this
let's hang on outfits for all the events
I'm coming up I also have way more stuff
than when I got here like all the stuff
complex gave me and stuff so don't
really know how I'm gonna be packing all
of this but stay tuned to bet I'm gonna
lie in bed for a while maybe watching
episode of ballers maybe read a little
bit maybe do some emails haven't decided
rocking up everything haven't decided
yet I finished packing on my step today
was a really exciting day I shot a video
with a sheep got attacked this morning
by a thing that shall not be mentioned
went to BuzzFeed oh my good day good day
well you're dead I appreciate that
we are headed to LA tomorrow I am
leaving New York heading to LA tomorrow
is a People magazine party which I'm
attending and I'm excited I'm gonna
dress up and gonna be fabulous and fun
so that's plans for tomorrow but as for
right now oh oh you know we're gonna do
a hold on hold on hold on hold on hold
on you don't want on an app flappy
unicorn my score is one here we go okay
hold on hold on
okay
oh my god now that I'm mother-effing
champion I'm going to sleep you haven't
downloaded the app yet it is not don't
search the flappy unicorn in the App
Store search for unicorn Island my app
is unicorn island flappy unicorn is in
there so download my app unicorn Island
the links are in the description do that
and I'll do also what else to do if you
liked it subscribe if you liked it
subscribe don't like it subscribe for
the game of Monopoly I wouldn't care
about owning all four roads no no I'll
just buy one bike and get around that
way and more don't confuse cheap with
don't care about money no I care about
money I enjoy making one
