let me explain to you what just happened
clarenbach yesterday I basically took a
22 hour journey home from Australia
landed rushed home spray after the
flight got ready for my friend's wedding
reception went to his wedding reception
came home unpacked packed slept for two
hours and now I'm back at the airport to
go to New York from New York I went
straight to LA I don't know what I
packed I don't know if I packed anything
proper I'm so tired my brain is gonna
explode I have a whole bunch of shoots
exciting stuff I'm going to New York
Fashion Week so that means we're going
to New York Fashion Week I look like I
swallowed a hurricane basically but I'm
literally was home for like 12 to 13
hours and I may be good but you we said
this month was gonna be hard let's just
do it
welcome to New York their type of my
curse to JFK on more than one occasion
it seems like every single time I come
to JFK for anything work-related and her
cars was picking me up
the car is never here to pick me up this
is like the second or third time
Aladin JFK of course was to be here no
car and say and I always it strand he'll
say this Airport every single time this
time is no exception or after good start
all right finally got to the hotel I'm
actually not staying here I'm just
getting ready here I'm shootings in this
complex magazine which is really cool
they got everything set up I ready to go
and like alive I feel super sick and I
want to puke the cab driver was so
aggressive my flight was so rough and
I'm so tired it's one of those days
where I'm just gonna shut the F up get
it done work hard and then come home do
I need to do and have a good night's
sleep and just not complain about it
that's what's gonna happen right now New
York New York kind of New York scares me
Fashion Week
dressed kicks hat about it I'm about to
head to the knee cap and OSHA and we're
excited about it module II don't know
much about fashion but this gonna be
really educational experience and
complex everyone airs like so awesome so
like yeah yeah this is like a totally
different world that ever I used to so
Neko pandas show which is like a display
of people in this room is so intense
check it out
cool
casually Lady Gaga just walks in
casually think it's not a thing yo set
the rap on day 1 of New York Fashion
Week uh supposed to shoot one more thing
but we moved it to tomorrow which I'm
very happy about because I can get an
earlier night's sleep today and now much
bullying
my pride and joy I love Chipotle I'm
here como no this is my fashion beef
right here just struggle to stay awake
it's several hours later it is 8:40 I
kept falling in and out of sleep
basically I'm trying to get flappy
unicorn to trend on Twitter because it's
the new game that I showed you a couple
of logs back that's gonna release in my
app but it can only get unlocked when it
trends or so I've decided so trying to
get to trend it's proving to be really
difficult because I guess there's a
football game going on and all the
Twitter trends are taken over by
football also my voice sounds like death
I want to rant about something really
quickly you know I like to have these
heart heart rants and I feel like having
one now so I hope you don't mind
listening and if you do then just I
don't know fast forward I guessed um a
new episode of the fine brothers react
came out and it is me and a whole bunch
of other amazing youtubers reacting to
kpop and there's three groups two male
groups and one female group and the
first screwballs like oh yeah I love
them they're dancing so sick the girl
group that I like the song but I
commented saying it was a bit too sexual
from my liking and third one I said it
was like too violent or whatever
basically a few people not many a few
people have tweeted me mean things
saying you're slut-shaming and you have
double standards because you thought the
guy group was sexy but you thought the
girl group was too sexual and I just
want talk about that for a second
I understand it's so tempting to be on
the internet and pick out sentences and
things people say and judge them harshly
because of one line without actually
even knowing them but I'm not saying
this in defense of myself I'm saying
this solely to encourage all of you to
be critical thinkers obviously when we
shoot any react video with the fine
brothers or anything even wanted to
react reduce my own channel we have a
lot of content and we pick and choose
certain things put an actual video or
else the video would be 15 minutes long
when I was discussing this the first
guys would call BTS I believe had a lot
of hard-hitting choreo so I was
mentioning this in the react that wow
they're choreo was really on point
they're not doing easy
they're really hard-hitting I even
pointed out their pelvic doesn't know
okay their pelvic dusting love but the
core is really hard-hitting then because
I watched that very first I watched
started to watch the second and I think
it's a I don't even know if I'm saying
right exid exid I don't know in this
girl group I know I was loving it and
they're all hot in there cool and beat
dropped and they didn't do any hard
hitting choreo and said there was like
close-up shots of like their body and
stuff like that and I was like oh it was
a little too sexual for me and that one
sentence got put in the react video not
including any of my other explanation
which was yeah I was expecting expecting
like harder getting more complicated
choreo but instead it was like a little
bit too sexual for me so I wasn't
slut-shaming nor do I care if they're
sexual I don't care at all they can be
as sexual as they want my point was as a
hip-hop dancer I was expecting
hard-hitting choreo and the choreo was a
bit too sexual for me that's all that's
all I said
and I guess why I'm frustrated right now
is because like one of my favorite music
videos of all time is partition from
Beyonce I love Nicki Minaj's anaconda
those are all very sexual videos I have
never in my life
 shamed someone I've never I I try
my best I'm very positive or online and
always preach positive vibes and I guess
frustrating that one sentence of mine
taken out of context put into a video
has gotten a few people to judge me and
it's not a big deal I guess that's only
a few people but I just want to
encourage you guys to be critical
thinkers and if you ever hears they hear
someone say something kind of like think
about it and don't be so quick to judge
them on it that's it I'm gonna shut up
now and actually even listen to some of
their other songs after I shot the
reacted on their dope I think they're
hot but that's my rant for now let's go
back to flappy unicorn a few things one
I'm feeling better life is too short
epic smile be silly learn things that's
cool we're good I sort of room-service a
whole lot of it and I'm really excited
about it also do you recall the last
time I came to New York my hotel room
was freezing same thing with this one I
called the guy I'm like there's no hot
air like a nurse Isaac will you just
turn off like but if I turn it off
there's no heat so yeah but it'll heat
up naturally ha how is gonna heat him
naturally what is nighttime so now I'm
freezing again third are the room
service my brows are here and guys
thought and I'll
she showed it to you so okay see
I scream
I'm gonna have to bed at 2 a.m. I'm
gonna keep doing some research for my
shoot tomorrow fall asleep while doing
that trades has been an emotional roller
coaster and I think now that like I'm
out of that mindset I realize how like
maybe silly it was to be upset not silly
but like I don't like to be too affected
by things but I'm human and it's okay as
long as you learn something new tomorrow
I am shooting with complex again they're
also taking me sneaker shopping which is
gonna be dope so I'm excited about that
and it's my last station with them
tomorrow
what else is happening I'm going to
Jeremy Scotts fashion show doesn't be
dope and the video day oh my god it also
asks if I'm alive okay how would you get
a pet if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe
oh also flappy unicorn oh my god how
could flappy unicorn officially got
released let me show you this it is so
dope it is so so dope if this doesn't
make you super happy then I don't know
what will check this up
really bad habits all right come on damn
it I literally haven't even passed one
yet
download the app the links are in the
descriptions for aiya iPhone and Android
tweet me your high scores using the
hashtag high-score and hashtag flappy
unicorn and download the app because new
and improved now and it's sick
freaking downer right now our goal is to
get as many registered users in the next
30 days so go do that T to put conquer
yeah if you like it if you like it
subscribe
I don't like I got school I got work I'm
barely keeping up with my snapchat I'm
doing me and I'm you should because
realistically no when else are you gonna
do you what
