I stole the smoke from your darlin good
morning we are headed to the venue to do
another stage rehearsal
I am downing the water and honey because
you can hear the situation in my voice
right now uh what's gonna be good when
you have thick nails and today's going
really crazy
today's before mistake so I headed to
stage for another rehearsal I'm really
concerned about my voice it's like the
tour all over again I'm like I haven't
worked it in unless like trying to do a
one-off thing again it feels like a
really really weak voice so because
YouTube FanFest
organised massage for creators a
freaking love them felt great I'm not
gonna like today I feel a little bit
under the weather like you can tell my
voice is after my throat kind of hurts
and just generally I feel like a little
bit fatigued and exhausted which is not
good because today's a really really
really big day and I got um a brand Cass
speech and my performance and during
rehearsal I was like winded and so
during my massage I was like oh my god
it was so super stressed I'm like I
cannot be like this today and I'm like
no you know what it's all mental you're
not sick you're not getting under the
weather stop acting like you are because
you're just making your body listen to
your mind so and this point I'm like
normally to eat I'm gonna drink a lot of
honey and water I'm gonna get some work
done I'm gonna freakin kill it today
stop acting like you're sick Lilly
you're not sick let's we can do it I
need to get up I need to stretch
I need to meditate okay today's a big
day today's a big day today's the day
where you're not allowed to feel under
the weather you were not allowed to feel
this way yes do it
so apparently Oh shiny like holds down
cooking and sounds like you're shot
anyone we've met eggs and stuff I'm
expecting some like pans a little piece
of toes oh look look at this look at
this ensemble bananas strawberries total
later this is good
I usually keep my so as a keeper thank
you so much oh dear what
so I took my brains out I gotta wash my
hair because for brandcast
um I don't want to rock braids but I
want to rock braids right after for a
fan fest so oh I'm gonna wash my hair
curl it right after get a shine to braid
it again so I'm gonna change up my
hairstyles for the whole day it's gonna
be good I am feeling better
I'm feeling good my voice is still
hundred-percent but you can feel like
it's like a little bit it's not cracking
at least so I'm feeling good went over
my speech like I said I'm a bit nervous
about my speech in raqqa life one of my
things I like about myself is I I can
hide when I'm nervous really well so a
lot of people assume I'm never nervous I
was a girl you're like never nervous no
no I'm nervous I just hide it really
well so for broadcast I'm definitely
nervous because it's more fresh love
event and I'm like I'm speaking on you
know about YouTube and things like that
so a little bit nervous when I'm good
I'm going out of my you know Lily Flair
bust some jobs kind of like you all suck
up let's keep down let's turn down let's
turn up um but yeah I don't know how to
dry your hair into ghetto I never dry my
hair quick fact about me I never dry my
hair very rarely like maybe a four times
a year that's why I always just that air
dry feel so good if you're never done it
feels real good um I've had a moment
that I want to share with all of you and
it is that like first of all because of
you like what what is this what's
happening here secondly I'm not wearing
a bra so I'm doing this um I just wanna
take a moment to say like I was actually
looking at me through a window
I am I don't like when people call me
lucky and I think I've spoke about this
before I don't like the term lucky and I
don't believe in luck
I believe in working hard and hustling
until you accomplish your goals and so
every time during an interview anyone
ever says well you're so lucky oh no I'm
not lucky I work really hard you know in
a nice way but I will said that there is
one reason that I am blessed and that is
that I have the privilege of seeing my
hard work and turn into something and
not everyone gets that and I mean like
I'm in Australia right now and I'm
getting pictures from New York and LA
and Melbourne different part of
Australia with my face on billboards and
buses in the side of buildings and bus
shelters and I feel so blessed that my
hard work gets manifested in those ways
not that being on a billboard is the
biggest you know that's not what my
goals are but it's just it's really cool
that I get to experience this wild ride
and a way that I can oh look I have a
movie and look I have a tour and look I
have very like miles I don't know what
I'm trying to say I guess sometimes I
feel very blessed and I do feel so happy
that I can share this journey with so
many people and it's just I think this
hit me because yesterday I was doing
YouTube hits the show and this
sweetheart at Disney is Marty and he was
like yeah you know just really news
going on about how he really admires my
hustle and I really appreciate when
people say that to me and when they
genuinely mean it because I feel like
and it's not cocky just confident me
saying that I really like my hustle as
well I mean I'm not perfect I have a lot
of flaws but one thing I love about
myself is my ability to hustle and I
think why that is is because like the
more opportunities again and I just sort
of Instagram post about this the more
opportunities that get more milestones I
hit more goals I accomplished my
response is not to think oh great well I
finished that so I can like sit back now
my responses be like dude I'm gonna work
even harder to show how grateful I am
for every opportunity I get and every
milestone I pick and that's my response
to it so I just wanna say thank you so
much for your support and helping me
reach those muscles and helping me
achieve those goals and
I'm having a moment where I'm like I'm
about to speak at Brian cast a really
big event I'm about to open the YouTube
FanFest and I'm just like really having
a moment where I feel really really
really grateful so from the bottom of my
heart thank you so so much and I love
you and I'm gonna go put Ron now okay
goodbye
okay I just found a new way to dry my
hair are you ready come on
yeah so I'm here back at the venue um
this is the cute dress and wearing it so
cute and I'm wearing this white blazer
on top with my silver shoes so yeah it's
like a cute profession thing yeah
everyone's complimenting up
complimenting me I don't like sandy but
sandy has nothing do with me she did a
good job
once again killing in skg um Sara's
about to comb my hair then I'm gonna
into zone my voice is so loud how 2% but
doesn't matter matters about what I say
dad so I'm a couple minutes away from
making my speech and I'm nervous but I
am putting it together and keeping you
together and it's gonna be great
killi killi okay hey-oh
guys you know this is my favorite part
of the day sweat cam is happening she's
so good I'm so proud of her I knew you
were gonna do good because you've been
practicing like crazy she kicked me out
of the dressing room earlier it's just
like get out I got a practice so I'm
like okay cool what am I gonna do just
paste around like an anxious parent
waiting and you killed you did such a
good job there were a bunch of like
Advertiser sitting behind me they're
like 60-year old bed and then Lilly made
a really funny joke and was she was in
propping and they were like and she's
good and I was like we got
okay per fan bring me the money
that's one down one to go what time is
it Tom bro Brito let's do it that
transformation though this is my outfit
even my kicks this was going on welcome
to dude
truly lost control
red carpet was dope it's almost
performance time how y'all feelin
reunited in Sydney it's gonna be awesome
just have fun just have fun we used to
do our shows it's 15 minutes this is
have fun with it right now no costume
changes no nothing
unicorns killed so much fun
that was dope though I know that's go
right and we don't pay the way to happy
right now I'm so happy right I'm so
happy so Lily you had the idea of having
fans come on stage while we perform and
she did but then after the performance
immediately Lily had to go back and say
to a Q&A and then obviously it makes
sense to cure get to shuffle them back
into the crowd then Lily went back and
pulled them all out of the crowd and we
just had her own me angry I thought that
was very sweet
thank you I was like stressed as I saw
them leaving side stage I was all in the
stage I was like none of you guys we've
got a fully other cars that you're
talking people on stage but I think we
met every one of them remember you don't
mess with the leaves relationship with
their fans right god you're the foreign
one we'll go through your neck like this
dancing the cars
yo today went awesome I'm so happy
without everything Lent
you can still watch the show if you
missed it is um youtube.com slash fan
fest I'm sure the whole stream will be
up it went so well I'm so happy I'm so
so so happy thank you so much team super
for making this amazing for me there's
an after-party now everyone is so tired
but we're gonna go there a bit I'm not
gonna take my vlogging camera just
because my outfit doesn't have a
functional pocket and I don't want to
I'm too tired to be responsible for it
so I will talk to you when I get back
you back from the party it is what time
is it
214 it was like interesting mmm strange
a little bit but I got I became really
good friends with um Kevin from walk the
moon he's like so cool he's sick so
funny so we chatted up a bit
um and now I need to pack which I'm not
looking forward to because my place is a
mess my place as in my hotel room is a
mess but I want to do that I'm head to
bed thank you for an amazing days so
surreal we're heading to the airport at
like 7:00 a.m. to catch our 22 hour
flights back to Toronto in which case I
will be home for 10 hours to go to my
friend's wedding reception and then fly
out again so we're going home I'm gonna
in the log here and I may or may not
walk tomorrow I have to see just because
we'll just be on a plane so I know I'll
figure it out but thanks you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe I've
never been given before it's a bouquet
of lilies and humble bees if this is not
art then I don't know what is thank you
so much
and Emma and Shane I've got news
wandering through
