and nobody to pass we are just so
patient cliff seok-ki good morning how
are you hurry I hope you I hope you're
wonderful
if you're not wonderful let's pause
before we start this video before you
start your day after an even evening
pause smile I hope you have your great
day today it's me a great day today
shopping day not by choice more so by
force I am being forced to shop my God
my life is so hard now I have to go
shopping with Sandy today we got to pull
a lot of outfits and sandy styling
styling me for the streamys I got go to
a People magazine party um there's so
many things coming up and I need so many
outfits so Sandy's gonna do what she
does best
that's catchy and style me I'm already
late as per usual horrible habit I need
to fix Oh Lego alright so the first
storm are stopping at is Sandy's closet
this is where we're going to do her
first bit of shopping and if I break
anything I'm going to say this what a
poster reference okay skg tell us what
outfits are of wanna here and I know
you're gonna ask so you got there oh my
days pulling outfits for I'm speaking at
a YouTube event um I'm also into New
York Fashion Week which is very very
exciting
um and OH People magazine party and
screaming so she's pulling for outfits
for me
yeah so for brandcast she's going to
look absolutely fabulous very
professional something that we don't
really get to see Lily wearing that
often um probably something very fitted
and good
accentuate all of her features um like I
smile okay yeah and then for New York
Fashion Week I want to go with just a
very like street wear by because the
brands that you're gonna be working with
are very high-end sweet we're totally
cool and totally OD adidas because we
know Lily likes color and fun cake let
my favorite brands exactly so we're
gonna try and stick with some of that
and then what do we have with People
magazine I know you guys really like
Teen Choice so I think I want to do
something Teen Choice for People
magazine as the night no five the
colorful dress yeah we might throw some
heels somewhere they're just a little
heel you know you know and then for the
streamys it's gonna be like so fabulous
yeah carpet Oscars super fabulous um
that's it
yay extra mix design you're all just
every time I stole Silas you every time
she Styles mega the most amount of
compliments Teen Choice everyone's
complimentary I was like let's go dude
let's go drew
putting your shoes on and off the change
room
I can't I can't it's so much finished
our shopping trip we nailed it and by we
onions and you beyond beyond we got
extras this time
sounds like five events in like two
hours
kill it it's mostly her she kills it I'm
just like huh uh huh huh ask lots of
questions today I asked as I I want us I
was trying to find out how her brain
works now as you decide something nice
about somebody like this chick knoweth
why why don't you think it why do you
like this one just like she's trying to
figure out because sometimes and those
rare occasions I'm stranded somewhere in
the vent gets thrown I mean oh my god I
do myself Janoskians premier and refer
to that vlog and have a mental breakdown
so I'll try to learn you guys need to
watch her Instagram now and see all the
crazy things she's going to be wearing
yo that's for says that except for all
the times I post pictures in my pajamas
which also will happen and I will also
look fly so exact same oh oh finally
home
hi baby finally home
I'm so tired but no I have a lot of work
to do Thursday imma make a video I got a
bunch of other stuff to do
I mentioned this previously involved but
sometime present be a crazy crazy crazy
month I have so many things to do i'ma
update you a little on that in a little
bit when I actually have like my
schedule in front of me but it's gonna
be a lot of exciting stuff a lot of work
challenging if I see something's
challenging like usually I push myself
so much the vices of this challenge that
means it's truly truly challenging at
least when I'm referring to myself um
truly truly a challenging month but it's
just gonna require a lot of focus and a
lot of knowing what my priorities are so
I'll talk more about that I'm gonna like
lie here for 10 minutes not fall asleep
and to prove that in 10 minutes I'm
gonna vlog again and my next clip will
be me not sleeping it's not gonna be one
of those Oh give him a nap thing
hopefully no I was like seven minutes
and I'm up eating a salad
so just saying Here I am sitting on this
chair but record is super Monday video
it's a little bit late is 10:14 p.m. but
I'm not tired and I'm actually really
excited to record this video there's
nothing else I'd rather be doing it's a
rant and I haven't done a rant in so
long
I haven't done in my room for so and so
long because I can't stand there but
today I'm gonna make an effort to move
that at least out of the way so I can
stand there because I'm sure you all
miss this wall just like I miss that
wall so I'm gonna make a lot of effort
to try to shoot there I'm also gonna get
trouble because I apparently sleeping
but I am committing to this today the
video will happen here today because I
missed this I never done a really long
time I could set them excited about it
as five reasons buying clothes dresses
me I start shopping so it's really
relevant la leaks damn it's not a collab
blah blah lyric guide watch your own
channel your own channel okay I'm gonna
upload for you I'm happy I'm talking to
mayor also can I just say that Taylor
Swift's wildest dream song I feel like
it has one of the most beautiful
melodies I've heard in a really long
time and I'm obsessed I'm literally
obsessed um when she goes wow this
dreams huh wait doesn't sound like that
because
wild it goes right thank you the point
I'm trying to make is I can't hit the
head but she goes huh like she doesn't
you'll note I'm talking about doesn't
sound anything like that because I don't
have a voice but she just was really
high and then like Cyril
feels like a really really nice melody
I'm obsessed with that part I love it so
much
um I'm debating to make that the dam of
the month or Justin Bieber the Jama
month in my newsletter oh my god the
vision ah ah no no let's shoot this
video let's shoot this video I made a
little bit space that i'ma stand right
there you did really yeah
hey man I haven't done a rant in so long
I struggled so hard to do that like I
couldn't get the lines out or anything
with such a struggle whoo but I finished
it I'm about to edit it um and it's
freaking hot as hell and the hell and I
love it it is hot as hell and I love it
and I love it you the amount of hustle
that is happening right now surreal this
t3i man I am killing it you me me me me
me me me me me so I totally forgot to
mention today in the excitement of
everything else happening that because
of y'all wonderful people again team
super freakin killing it were nominated
for two streaming so first person series
as you're eating you and now entertainer
of the year
that's fan vote which means you all did
that super awesome if you want to vote
voting lasts until September 17th on
Twitter you can vote 100 times a day so
it's really intense by using by tweeting
and using the hashtag streamys hashtag
superwoman not iisuperwomanii soup woman
and using the word votes like I vote for
super posh tag Superman hashtag streamys
that counts you can put a hundred times
a day you can also vote on the Streamy
website I'll put a link in the
description so if you want to vote and
like make that happen and stuff like
dope dope dope dope but you know how I
feel I always love being nominated I
think it's such an honor to be involved
in these things but should we not when
these things don't ever feel like it the
disappointment because although winning
is great that's not how I measure my
success and that's not how team super
measure success so of course we can try
but this is to try to like you don't
participate the fun with it
so thank you so much for getting us
nominated y'all just friggin surprised
many ways every day you're the best I'm
going to do my nightly reading then go
to sleep
tomorrow is I gotta unpack these two
suitcase I got a pack because on
Saturday
we're leaving for Australia so I need to
pack tomorrow and you do my last-minute
errands on get some stuff like mouthwash
and all the other stuff I need to travel
so thanks for joining me on another day
and if you want to join me on another
day another day another day then if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I feel like a subscribe but
this does not mean every person who has
appeared interpret awesome let's help
them with their thought process so we
did it you see a beard you see a turban
you think home but that's not what you
should think
