let's go to Melbourne also my shirt is
kind of see-through hey good morning it
is a ridiculous literally it is like 6
a.m. right now you're heading to
Melbourne just for a couple hours for
like six until like 3:00 p.m. so it's
quick trip my funky outfit I dressed up
just for you album because I'm trying to
impress you um yeah we're going to check
out the billboards and all the stuff
there and now I can officially tell you
all the things that are happening with a
secret project I just got permission
basically that secret project I shot a
while ago that couldn't tell you about
is a YouTube marketing campaign that's
really cool I'm really honored to be a
part of it it's in Sydney it's in
Melbourne it is also starting today in
LA and in New York so if we live in LA
or New York go find a billboard with my
face on it
our bus shelter our side of a building
in Union Square my face is being painted
on buildings but it's so freaking cold
you guys don't understand how long I've
wanted this and how awesome this is and
I think my family and I are you gonna
take a trip to New York to see it my
face some sign of buildings but um you
do this on the side of buildings when
Jeep is on the side of buildings so if
you see any of those things take a
selfie and tag me because your team
super we taking over making
international connections you'll need to
exit the domestic terminal and make your
way to the upper level here the
international terminal to be careful
though when opening those overhead
lockers is your luggage Mabel have moved
during our flight this morning
and finally on behalf of all the crew
here we'd like to thank everybody
including our frequent flyers and
OneWorld customers are flying with us
today and
as always we'll put it's called scraping
head I saw my breath I knew Murray
jacket this is dislikes Jack hairy dude
I would have died everything get over
obvious though fast shut it down I do
she loves it she's like I'm an idiot to
blog today Mike can later today I know I
love it I love it
soren Southern Cross station me is me
it's me and Lauren Laurens also over
those matters she's a sweetheart
check it out
Southern Cross
the stairs
now we're at Flinders Street Station
it's pretty very British very pretty
very wonderful and apparently the
station is also a really P I'm gonna
hold it in graciously oh my god you
can't compete with the puppy the puppy
is so much better than me look at this
puppies I would want the puppy I would
not want my face this puppy is my
everything right no you do your puppies
I got my BAE Oh
properly
that's the cheap
Oh get out of here you want the puppy
you bring back the puppy get here
okay yeah Caro is also an acceptable car
and I are friends
as Miss looks me a car that's anything
all right I always have enough cara cara
cara not until our car car delivery
delivery time
I'm so flattering yes
quality content right there BAM about
this restaurant and they just keep
giving me food I've eaten 700 things and
yet this is just came in front of me
I've eaten 700 things that are also
Lauren's also vegetarian so I just
finished lunch and now we're heading
back to the airport really cooked really
quick trip to Melbourne and then I'm
heading back and as soon as I land after
the rehearsals and then they had this
like welcome drinks thing so my goal is
to go sleep pretty early every night
because I'm really really called times
but get a lot of work done like I said
this months can be challenging so it's
all about focusing sleeping when you can
prioritizing having zero FOMO and just
like getting to it also the car
beautiful suit
not as beautiful this dish I meant to
tell the other way around damn I sent
her coffee I meant to say that's more
beautiful than this but I mean if that's
all came up I'm okay with that dude yo
so he's back in Sydney now and I'm gonna
go to the hotel for like 30 seconds and
then head to our rehearsal today that's
what's up
we kind of use a massage the universe
you watch England right
I usually close the show or opening you
this time which is like really cool and
really big so this is or we are
we are and Timothy's here Geneseo
Bethany see everyone's here
I don't want to give anything away
yes sir
I'm a little bit incoherent but we're
about to have this soup and this exact
same soup I used to eat on tour so I
feel like I'm on tour hum doesn't have
them taste great examine what this I'm
so tired right now I'm so so so so tired
I'm gonna have to VAD I'm gonna quickly
change I'm so tired I'm a wiggly change
go to bed cuz I gotta wake up early
tomorrow so tomorrow I am doing
rehearsals a whole bunch of inter new
interviews releasing a video to me crazy
um today was insane today was insane my
face is all over Sydney and Melbourne
and it's crazy and I flew to Melbourne
and flew back and it was like what is my
life I don't understand what's the
opening Fan Fest which is like crazy I
don't know you are the best team super I
freaking love you if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe be
there like ha ha I don't even want the
commitment I just want emojis yeah
mm-hmm when was the last time you ever
use
