this changes everything okay so I woke
up I had a conference call it's a great
conference call and today's my dad's
birthday were throwing a little mini
small little surprise party for him we
thought with who's coming over like five
six he's coming home in less than an
hour so now to run around and do
everything cuz the chatting is
everything so now I'm gonna head to get
some balloons and order some food and do
all this stuff but the closest I come to
being a parent you ready kids on boo-boo
okay let's go okay pay it back in time
you know my mom's acting skills are
jokes so we just went over the script of
how we're gonna do this I'm gonna
suggest we all go to the movies my dad
hates doing anything related so then I'm
gonna be okay before I go have to go
check my field box mom come help me and
she's like no we have to do something
for the movie eventually the moral story
is I'm gonna tell my dad to come with me
to my PO Box in that brink of time
people come to my house set up and then
open the door that's a plan I need to
edit my vlog but waiting jump am I in
charge of music today am I in charge of
musically you what up tank top reference
just to the surprise went great I had to
stall so much at the store so dad I need
a magazine I need an article let's go
through all of these magazines and finds
article came home surprises a success
and now I'm gonna go spend some family
time
woo the birthday boy
we got to be kind of new but it's okay
he's over stimulated he's growing me
okay so I watched I octrees was just
like I don't know what's up what's up
would you say Indian Indian well you tie
threads sacred threads on to your
brother figure than you supposed to give
us something sweet return like Indian so
we have Twinkies that we have graham
crackers modern modern day modern day
mad barbecue one and this is my and
she's professional
my nephew also stabbed me in the face
professional barbecue me right here
gotten shot did 90 year I also have this
thing one of most that I don't like
wearing shoes
I'm celebrate dad's birthday an outside
tie rock Korea and his brother he's my
brother but I was we're gonna cut a cake
now you've no know there's all Indians
by the same cake it's either fruitcake
or mango mousse cake 100% guaranteed
it's gonna be one of those two kicks
let's find out mango mousse so my nephew
and I have this game where we throw
these on the table but he does this
count that goes beat do me one more time
yo yo yo yo yo the time is 10:35 oh my
nephew drool all over my sleeve I love
it
times 10:35 everyone left I'm we're
staying over but I got some work to do
oh look it's history's log where I'm
wearing the exact same thing um I got
some work to do so I'm gonna do that and
then I'm gonna try to go sleep
relatively early because tomorrow I have
my first meeting with my new intern and
of jazz yeah it's gonna be exciting I
don't have to poop in it okay I have to
poop Oh another shirt change
I check my peel box today that was my
way of getting my dad to leave the house
with me I got this box I'm pretty sure
it's just full of letters because they
always like the people at the peel box
know me so though I was like put my
stuff to one side and don't send it
back.you if I don't show up after like
months and months cuz they know I'm
traveling so today's packages
thank you so much just so you know on
the north end no I'm gonna be honest
with you I don't open all my fan mail
when I get it
I'm bluntly telling you you see how many
letters are in this it would take me
hours and hours to go through this I
have piles and piles of unopened fan no
and I'll tell you why if you read letter
after letter off the letter after letter
of admiration um it's an amazing thing
but I don't want to ever feel like the
letters are merging into one or like I'm
not genuinely feeling each letter so
what I do is when I'm having a really
bad day then I open letters but when I
really need some inspiration then I open
letters so when I question my crazy life
and what I do then I open letters
because I would never want to just go
letter after letter top letter okay
another one no I don't wanna do that so
and as humble makes fun of me I do one
day believe I'm gonna crack a crazy cat
lady that's old and alone and it'll make
me really happy to go through all these
editors of Tanks you comment below and
let me know which video this is from if
you know you know what's in the combo
I'm gonna head to bed at the time is
like - - ish a.m. yeah the time is 2o 7
a.m. I got to wake up at about 10:00
10:15 so about 8 hours of sleep I'm
gonna watch it up a soda ball there's oh
and we a little bit just saying um and
tomorrow I'm meeting my intern intern
and we're having a meeting with my
intern has the same name is jazz so I'm
having a meeting with jazz and jazz
tomorrow and I'm really really excited I
got a whole bunch of cause tomorrow's
one of those days that's like jam-packed
back-to-back lick with cause like right
after this call you got a meeting where
if this meeting you got a call right
after Scott is so it's gonna be fun it's
gonna be intense and then the evening
I'm going to be having a writing session
with humble to work on some why tff
stuff so it's all exciting it's all good
I love it and I'm gonna make sure I get
through it solid as a rock
what up t-shirt reference I've got a
great day I had a much better day than
yesterday and thank you so much for
joining me on another day and tomorrow
will be another day and how yourself
every time I say another day another day
another day
the day another name and the damn if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe okay so riding horses way
harder than looks that's what I learned
today I'm pretty sure about the JJ is
like what Angela to me
