weighs in straya yo what's up my little
the end of my last vlog two seconds ago
and now I'm starting this vlog we all
just landed a little while ago and we're
headed to Nando's to eat something the
jet lag isn't hitting us yet it's like
11:00 a.m. we're going strong and we
promised each other what you promised
that were not sleep until that okay I'm
excited to tell you about overcoming to
FanFest if you're coming to fan fest if
you are holding a sign as this team
super super oh and Lily anything related
to unifying your neighbors or anything
relation to me or any of these people
there's a chance I'll put you on stage
basically I've arranged for a lot of
fans we pulled on stage only if you're
holding a sign that's a Superman Lily
unicorn something like that so you're
coming to fan fest make your signs and
you might get pulled on stage oh we can
like hang out together so do that and
I'm gonna eat some Nando's now also guys
in my room there was Tim Tams and
caramel caramel qualifiers the hotel he
lied to us our own and Oh sir I'm mad
mix right now now whole bunch of food I
look at this chandelier it's dough made
from Corona bottles even an Australian
lolli really stop it
so we're in this dope store called pop
shop and they have all this stuff that's
like not necessary but just amazing and
they have this sensational inflatable
mail date that you can play okay
it's self inflating non-talking kills me
and a prisoner you snot get in place so
I think for jokes we're gonna get this
and we're gonna
Jenny we're gonna bake this thing yes
I'm gonna date this man right now
also in case you know this also and
Jesus as well but we're gonna get
business we're gonna get this inflatable
mat and there's like book of like a book
of excuses and lies I love everything in
this story I need to discover why this
door is wicked oh look at this sign what
used to upset about that that was like
five minutes ago oh my god that's me
people say to me I love you
what happed a reference so we were
just talking in my room for a while
going over schedules going over things
and now today's my only day off so we're
gonna go to a movie Sydney has the
largest IMAX screen in the world so
we're going there to watch Mission
Impossible humbles already seen it but
it's the only movie that's playing at
this time so we're gonna go excited
about that first thing I'm gonna do is
fix my eyebrows Lego
I'm playing music
Bethany text me she's like because I'm
like she'd come to movie this and she's
like what floor you want I'm like five
she's like are you playing Bieber
because I hear your music
oh yes that's me darling harbour just
see a movie and okay violet forgot to
tell you this on our flight to Sydney we
experienced the worst turbulence I've
ever experienced in my life and it was
so scary I was at least leaping and I
was awake awakened and was so scared I
thought the flight attendants are
swearing and they went into like safety
position they drop to the ground of the
whole dependency the flight attendants
were like serving some of the trade
which many went crazy and then they put
it down they're trying to control and
then this drop to the floor it was crazy
it was out of this world anyway so
watching Mission Impossible on a more
even though experienced Mission
Impossible I'm a plane now we go watch
it in this world's biggest
IMAX Sakharine also my sugar mamas here
and she paid for the ride here that's
right
okay so they don't believe me when I
said the screen was big at the screen
big it's the biggest we in the world you
guys ready and this is a fisheye lens
keep that in mind so one needs a builder
but Dubai what's good we have this joke
device the number one biggest largest
and everything so it's like you're the
bike you know Sydney has this get on it
okay help us solve this debate do you
say data or data when referring to
American data and Canadian data
comment below data is option number one
no scratch that
Dada's option option over to comment
below let us know also minor detail we
took the over to the wrong hotel amazing
per second taxi to get to one place it's
also so cold and I didn't pack a jacket
I don't know I just think didn't think
austere I don't know what I was thinking
yeah I don't know man YouTube is
spoiling us someone just dropped off
another bag full of goodies
umm I got so much doesn't bring some
wonderful looks like I'm a little bed so
there's only 10 10 but the jet lag was
during the movie kick so three of them
fell asleep in the movie like stored out
loud I was retired like but I stayed
away can i watch the whole thing but
Emily tired I'm really proud for not
taking a nap today and soldiering
through and now the jet lag is like
a great time at the movies shells out
tomorrow my call time is 9:30 I'm
heading to the beach to do some
interview type stuff it's a really busy
day and I think today was my only day
off and now I'm starting to meiotic go
go go starting tomorrow for the rest of
the month is like crazy so anything as
much rest as possible I'm uploading my
video is only 8 a.m. Monday in Toronto
so I'm so out of the game I'm done both
my videos for this week I'm uploading it
as the collab with grace so I'm really
excited about that and yeah that's
pretty much what's going on I
think I'm gonna end the vlog here so
that I can transfer the footage onto my
laptop in star breaking night maybe if I
fall asleep
we'll see anyways um thanks for joining
me another day worries in Australia
y'all Sydney is saying it crazy it's
kind of crazy so I said crazy where
you're together and we're in this
together
teamwork makes the dream work team super
so if you like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe Australia's been an already
started because for them it's six days
oh my god like all of their posts of
course because we're not a fan club
we're a family
