in the Ferrari and Jaguar switch foul
lane JK I Drive a Honda good morning it
is so early what wait one second you
just 10:17 and that's early for Toronto
time because in LA time that's 717 and
I'm only always into that conversion of
my brain to make me feel better about
myself so we are headed to my cottage
I'm seeing for the first time my workday
as I mentioned yesterday's vlog of
creative work day oh just go get it what
about to leave the house I need some
breakfast no like some bagel some cereal
maybe some pancakes in again in the car
we've gotten timmy's you've been booked
yelled at for getting tattoos are you
argued about q-tips and cup holder yes
alright so see my cards for the first
time it's so dope and humble I haven't
seen the rest of the House of York
decided to swear it's like it's only 40
bits of my house the waters right there
it's like dope always this is a Wi-Fi
but if we really need Wi-Fi we can
figure it out I'm sure what is this hmm
interesting
I bought this yo how mighty we're onto
something here
check out the view okay the one bad
thing there's spiders so big everywhere
and I'm one almost touched me and I
freaked the F out and I like
hyperventilate and I had a moment to
myself but like that's the one fob like
I'm like yo this is like dog works make
sure you've had all our friends over and
like just like work it up here it's so
dope minimal distractions like
inspiration all around I'm really glad
you like this welcome welcome I'm so
glad you came with this mmm spiders no
spiders please don't eat me vice for the
spider almost Amy hey check out this
office space view right here you got rid
of the little concoction showing that oh
yeah I couldn't
so when I decide created a little tent
over my laptop with a sweater but then
humbles I don't just turn your laptop a
little bit to the right and I did that
and then it was mine
I'm Moses into concentration music also
can you guys hear my constant where's
this be good sounds like some hypnosis
yes so bright my quick back of a lily my
eyes are super sensitive to brightness
especially in the winter when there's
snow white snow I'm like yeah people
don't realize that that you can get
sunburned from the snow yes it was like
a big mirror think about it you should
know this very few things in life make
me happier than a curly fry curly fries
make me so happy I don't know what it is
okay so get this we sit in here on these
rocks I'm gonna normal conversation is
to human beings you know knowing our
position in the food chain and this
creature comes right here runs here run
the right beside home boiling right
beside him an effing meerkat and then
how much bones what he thought it was
just the appetizer ooh yes
a meerkat just ran right here
not giving an app that we're bigger and
scarier that it like it gave her a mole
that's a meerkat yeah no I know that's a
meerkat because it look like the app
also know America but it also look
exactly like the app if it was yellow
you would've recognized it it was it was
pre cute but he just didn't care he was
like on my lap it did not care yo host
feedback on my house we ordered some
food but watching VMAs and watching just
music video that she's premiering all
the Taylor Swift music videos have
looked so on point like visually just
astounding so so good she what is she
writing I got the lion
freaking so sick we're getting some work
done watching this VMAs but a forced
humble to watch them he doesn't really
do pop music I don't think or like that
kind of stuff he's like pretty hip rap
hip-hop
we're gonna get them up to speed right
now and I'm live tweeting as per usual
so the Vietnamese are intense oh they're
so intense it's like a drama timid
surfer that's Kanye West nor Nicki Minaj
and Miley Cyrus had a little beef to go
on Kanye West he's gonna run for
president like this it's causing me
anxiety it's causing me severe anxiety
also the trailer for this movie what's
call home visit I'm not okay with it
it's about like evil grandparents I like
are killing people I'm not okay with
that first of all it's creeping the F
out of me know pretty fast what he wants
yo I'm so happy Kanye with me an amazing
speech he did I will say he did I like
our newest I'm just not the biggest
family I can't say with diehard fan of
cornu is I don't know all the songs I
know I just think it's important because
I do understand I do it myself I think a
lot of people do it we have we do
doublethink our actions we are concerned
about what things mean look he's just a
wonderful example of somebody he just
does what he feels thank you ladies an
gentlemen home of the poet who's also
making fun of me on Twitter right now hi
honey do so who humble left it is 12:30
a.m. I just finished editing my video
for tomorrow I know it is the cloud with
Connor it's coming out I really like the
way that's really cute i love club and
with him is such a sweetheart
so that's gonna be coming up well I
guess when you're watching this it's all
right now so check it out up with a link
in the description um it's very funny
it's if my phone were a person cuz
Connor always has to play the role of
being my something I bring my period
whatever I think it's really cute so I'm
just editing that and uploading that
right now Yannick Timmy
yo what's up us 2:30 a.m. so important
on my vlogs my cell phone felicia became
tudor friends today he sent me her book
it's dope and i can't wait to read it so
if you want to check out her book check
it out he's dope and she's so cute and
pretty on it it is called you're never
weird on the internet brackets almost so
you can check that out someone pointed
out in my vlog and you tweeted and then
we now phrase and stuff all my shoulder
just got um I'm gonna wash my hair has
inductee then I'm gonna go sleep I just
had a whole Twitter rant so if you don't
follow me on twitter feel free to do so
act
my saloon I I basically about how people
confuse facts and opinions um and this
is just something I've been noticing
online and I'll do a little mini rant
right now how people present information
is not always the same thing as how you
perceive it
I can tweet something has nothing to do
anything and if you read it and take it
a certain way I can't control how you
perceive information you know I can only
I can only control how I communicate
what I'm feeling that applies to me like
I'm thinking about my thought process
you're thinking about yours and that's
fine but like this one Ganga as your
opinions are not facts I feel like so
many people read things on the internet
and then start arguing because they feel
entitled to on social media that
everyone can tweet everyone can post
things so let me just argue about
whatever I want to argue about and say
something for the sake of saying
something and not realizing that hey
everyone has their own opinion and just
because you're really passionate about
something it doesn't make your opinion
facts it's okay if we disagree as long
as you understand there's alternate
perspectives and there's different ideas
aside from the idea in your brain and
this is prompted by so many thing that's
prompted by some of the tweets I've made
and then people have like totally twist
into something else
it's prompted by the fact that I just
read an article but Cara Delevingne
and cara cara go in the zubur name i'm
sorry it was a writer who will this
article there's like bashing her because
she said something in an interview and
she she said this and i can't believe
she means this isn't this like dude just
because you are perceiving her words to
be something else that's not her fault
people cannot be held accountable for
all the insecurities you have and if you
take information and misconstrued into
something that affects your insecurities
and offends you
that's no one else's fault maybe you
should look to yourself and think why am
i bothered by this a while i feel the
need to speculate this person's whatever
tweet pose whatever like honestly the
moment you blame other people about
things is the moment you give yourself
less control blame other people and take
the control away from you if you look to
yourself sometimes they think wait why
am i acting like this and why am i think
eysan what can i do you actually give
yourself control to change the outcome
of the situation just food for thought
anyways I'm gonna shut up now I'm gonna
take a shower so
bless me I realized in the whole
previous part of this vlog my bra was on
the bed so you go you get in midian I'm
going to go to bed now I'm not getting
sick because I keep sneaking it's moving
but I'm in my bed tomorrow is really
exciting tomorrow's Monday my videos
already done hey I might have to go to
my accountant again I'm really hoping I
don't but I mind and tomorrow I'm going
horseback riding and then Denis I don't
know if you saw my tweet a few days ago
I was like oh my god you know horseback
riding so now we're spec writing and
we're excited because I love animals and
I'm gonna go play with the horsies so
that's exciting
um for now I'm gonna bed tomorrow's
another adventure thank you so much for
including me today and spending however
X amount of minutes being part of this
wonderful family and if you have not yet
subscribed if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe our Suffolk
allergies randomly I think it's like the
temperatures which is on or off these
bullies you may know I want you to know
that I did that clip and there was
actually a booger in my nose so I cut
that clip out so there's booger nose
