three two one Gus boom is going down
good
just kidding thank you I read you think
it was buffering but it wasn't but we're
too late to be buffering here's the
mission for today - Tripp shoot the
video do the emails right drink the
water
release the video do super 60 it is
gonna be a day full of hustling harder
practically lives here are you ready to
do all of the things again all of the
points memnos and who run the world
curl I decide to curl my hair for my
video because like I mentioned yesterday
my long hair driving me a little bit
crazy and when nothing is done - it just
feels long and icky today's video we are
shooting is about when someone has a
crush on you and then a lot of videos
about having crushes on people but I
haven't done videos about what it feels
like when someone's crushing on you why
because I don't know what that feels
like so I do a lot of intense scientific
research but for now we curl alright
halfway done Midway stretch leggo
alright and done the key is to have a
middle part when you curl and then we're
done girl I flip it over for that little
mini piglet right there welcome to the
team closet tutorial amazing please
observe that everything has a label
sound equipment means a lens doesn't go
there they first direct as label cases
Oh lens caps cleaning it wear lenses get
dirty we actually had a cleaning kit
don't know what this is that's to block
light yeah there you go
block it mother card as fast as you can
everything is labeled each bag has a
hole punch in it
on set is here this is really the only
no no let's go over here it's so
exciting everything every small prop has
been categorized by the occupation like
a doctor it's a murder mystery prom
murder mysteries that caution tape guns
knives okay you got miscellaneous props
kiddos RPGs Christmas helping evil arm
right okay everybody be disappointing to
me and that'll hold a double skill there
is a whole table ski because the way I
write scripts and because of the detail
the detail I put into the paragraph to
let all of y'all know what my vision is
and now we're doing a dramatic reading
of one of those programs Lily looks hot
AF with the assistive speed ramps and
dramatic shooting it is exiting her car
she is slow-motion walking towards the
camera I can make the battle over the
instrumental we hear repeatedly I heard
Kenny has a crush on you
this daydream is interrupted by a mom
what is not completely professional
about nice I totally see it
Lily walk the camera let me make the
batter so if I did not say bad as told
you'd be like oh she's using a cane
which is she's littering what did she do
what how was she approaching the camera
this way you know bad vodka vodka no
friend fish but gems alright so we about
to shoot a thumbnail for this video
Instagram photo shoot this is what I
want and then I want to be like throw
one like BAM like BAE serving everything
we're almost fan to blow my hair as a
question can you
a star team member drawers man you
wouldn't know about you've gotta be
everything I want you to look at what
I'm doing with my dresses hey boyfriend
so we just wrapped it with my boyfriend
you're my favorite boyfriend of all the
boyfriends I had what do you think
hasn't liked working with me what do you
think she touches me what's your
favorite physical thing about me get
details I really like your hair it's my
hair no okay okay stop being superficial
tell me like okay my booty left you go
right to the gym so red in the Sun
you're so white I love it so much
what's your favorite thing about working
with me it makes me cry afterwards I
love that thank you so much I'll text
you later
can we FaceTime
did you not go bomb shag the impression
is really fantastic
these chimp but I really want the next
person to be able to enjoy them what
should I do and then place the chip clip
on this bubble cloud my mind is like
this and now the next person can enjoy
them that they won't be stale it's not
me that does it it's so do you think
we'll win an arm wrestling match Lily or
Ariel oh definitely Ariel
hey Elizabeth so you know our mercy
match was gonna win Ariel or lily area
so an arm wrestling match do you think
will win Lily or Ariel Ariel do you
think we'll win Ariel no okay well my
money is also an Ariel but I was like
without hesitation I think you might be
me I don't appreciate the sheer
confidence in the response
so we're almost beautiful thing and it's
not excuse most of my strength is in my
legs so if you totally lift a couch I
could do that I get a little more than I
can lift furniture more than you're like
practical real-life settings you know we
had to switch tables because Lily wasn't
confident
you're so strong Willie Oh pleasure way
to hire new DP yo I don't think you like
your leave you crazy why do you want the
cut
I'm in a class cuz this is why I do
voiceovers as you know I record here as
well but every time there's a voiceover
in a video he and my sound person we sit
here like this of the closet and we do
voiceovers as you'll see right now
scene one Act one romantic I can't tell
you the lines with video get out of here
you're a big news you see this book
right my boy my homie Jason Segel
released his new book is a book tour
right now doing signings and ish look at
the book feel the book be one with the
book support the book he's so lovely and
so wonderful
he literally checks up on me since we've
met a family checks up on me more than
all of my family members all of my team
members and all of my friends combined
and really on social media note about
that what it is we don't let him know
shoot rap give me the points I now do
some emails some scripts all things
first I'm gonna take all this up so my
skin can breathe apparently my subpoenas
pregnant my screen wow my skin is
pregnant I can't even I suck at jokes
suffer when I was born that was the
biggest joke what up self-deprecating
humor up shit I love myself myself gonna
miss you but if a girl myself feeling
much okay this is my liver and
inappropriate
yes no I will take 10 Wednesday Gmail
you know real whole nail right now okay
Tom's want a rampage and email my team a
thousand emails I had a question for you
are you ready sorry I'm just kidding I'm
not typing anything
okay now you doctor do some work mate
holy crap just finish my email that took
me so long live footage of God and evil
but now it's time to write some craters
I'm going to do this in bed that's right
I'm doing it in bed and by it I mean
writing scripts a couple my life is the
fan by the way I forgot to plug this but
of course I've loosed my video and I did
super 60 I love the video I don't even
care how many views it gets I know the
thing is a lot recent videos come we
will talk for a second my recent videos
have been getting overwhelming feedback
like my friends are messaging me he was
like yo man these last few days have
been dope the views do not reflect that
and I resize like I don't give an F
yo I'm making some dope Clinton I'm
really proud of and that proudness feels
really really great so thank you for all
people who positive comments or any type
of comment I hope you like the videos a
little different but like I'm enjoying
them so talk about my self control to
make you wait to acaba just real quick
just real I just want talk about it real
quick today I had to wake up by the time
that I had to have to wake up on 10:15 I
hope about nine voluntarily and I was
like let me get a head start on my day I
have not watched The Walking Dead yet
because I was like no I need to sleep in
to prioritize my work I am killing the
game are you killing the game I want you
to stop pot
look at your game won't you look at your
game right now are you killing it if
you're not killing you ask yourself why
because you should be killing it coz
this moment right now on this date this
hour this second you will never get back
again you're using it sorry I mean right
now you watch my blood and it's okay
it's late y'all want you to subscribe
I'm gonna give you a second you might as
well subscribe do the thing all the
things and do the thumbs I'll do that
they do the thing other after this
though after this you best kill the game
speaking of game Game of Thrones killing
Jon Snow stabbing dead blood point 20
things points let's say me poison up
today
longest say whatever does this is my 999
vlog and I know that because I just
counted tomorrow is my a thousand vlog I
have a really cute idea of something I
could do to celebrate I hope I can make
it happen just tomorrow my day is crazy
I literally have like a hundred things
back-to-back I'm gonna go insane but I'm
gonna try my best to do some I know but
especially if I want to see things my
socials just in kitten burped it tastes
like you're polish yeah it does well if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I'm handsome girl what do you
welcome back for another my hair good
morning welcome my
