maybe we found love right where we are
lolly lolly lolly lolly yo what's up the
time is 4:30 p.m. I got up a while ago
actually at a decent time but doing work
since then but I've already edited
today's vlog so I didn't vlog because
the memory card is being used so J's
logs uploading right now I got a call in
about 40 minutes with some peeps and I
got a due and I'm just kind of like
having a day where I'm like this and let
me tell you why I'm like this
this is gonna be a little mini rant not
even rad just telling you my feelings
basically I went to school for
psychology I have a degree in psychology
I know about Freud and about conditioned
responses and about all those types of
things not business things anything I've
ever learned about business has been
through observing people through going
through experiences on my own and just
through trial and error so obviously as
a creator on YouTube I love creating and
my passion is creativity and being on
camera and being behind the camera
directing all those things but
inevitably my job has forced me to learn
some business stuff and forced me to
kind of be okay but there's a whole
other side of this that you need to be
aware of and if I'm totally honest and
maybe you've never heard another creator
say this but you know I like to keep it
real I'm oftentimes totally unequipped
to deal with that stuff I know about
basic business things but I don't know
much about it and it sometimes if you'll
really under qualified to deal with a
lot of things so this morning was
definitely one of those days where like
Frank I wish I knew more about this
stuff and so as of late I've become
obsessed with learning things I know
that sounds like a very vague statement
but literally I'm obsessed with learning
things I have become obsessed with
reading books and articles and having
conversations with different people and
asking for their opinion and their
advice and how they think about certain
things
a prime example was yesterday I was
shopping with Sandy all the time
yesterday was the first time that I was
like well why don't you like this tell
me why you don't like this like just
learning things to better myself because
I feel like I really will need as many
skills as possible to success you know
what I do why I'm telling you all this
because
I don't know you're my friend I like to
tell you things so that's that's what's
happening I just want to be as
knowledgeable as possible when it comes
to things and sometimes I'm opening up
to you and telling you that sometimes I
don't feel qualified for that or
equipped for that so take that as a
synonym for hey you might suck at some
things and guess what you can get better
at them if you work hard that's the
moral of this story now I'm going to eat
some lunch
Oh God that was two minutes no shame I'm
wearing this shirt again I don't give
enough headed to involve my mom to grab
a bunch of stuff I need for Ozzie land
and to buy a new hard drive the hard
drive I currently have people make fun
of me all the time I make fun of myself
it needs to be plugged in very
inconvenient she was on like a plane or
like a situation there's no plug near
behind so it's like huge also like this
small it's like I need to upgrade I'm
getting a new hard drive I'm sure to
copy my old hard drive on this one kind
of date kind of date all right
I'm also think about buying a new
backpack which is kind of stupid because
I have a billion bag practice another
one those things are hoard but if you
like none of the backwards to have are
practical like they look really cute but
I want a backpack that not only looks
cute but also has like you know a pocket
for a laptop and like all I'm I starting
to have one pocket and then another
pocket that like holds two things I want
those like backpacks one battery deck
school back I said I like many pockets a
place to put my water bottle like I
travel more travel friendly backpack so
that's what i'ma go do I'm gonna improve
my life by spending money what I do best
you can leave me inside the pocket of
your ripped jeans
why so dark you there we go light
alright I'm back from the mall but a new
hard drive bought a bunch of things that
I needed
okay this unpacking and doing laundry
and packing right now is giving me
stress but whatevs I didn't get a
backpack I got wanted to because I know
this a backpack this is the ones I have
like really cool designs at once I like
they're actually not practical like
although practical ones really boring I
want that starting getting but about got
a bunch of other stuff I needed um now I
need to make it to do list to figure out
what I'm gonna do and I'm not trying
right here Chuck it's a trip down memory
lane
I am checking in for my flight right now
and being homeland I've been trying to
coordinate like checking in so we can
all sit together like shed a tear but on
Tom guy chicken oh wow this angle really
shows how messy my room is ah that's
better
um I'm making my Australia packing this
yes even though I travel all the time
and I have packed a million times in my
life I make a packing list every single
time and still write down things like
camera passport phone charger toothbrush
I have problems so that's I'm working on
right now the time is 10 p.m. I got a
lot of work to do so I haven't been then
semi productive thus far I've done a lot
of just like staring it on Facebook on
like wasting my time so now I'm trying
to like get packing god I think I just
know that I have to address all the
situation right here so I'm like
procrastinating I just can't with you I
can't with you ok so I didn't do
anything I took a nap okay I know I'm
the worst you know I don't know what it
is spontaneously this happened not
yesterday the deeper a wave of tire hits
me at and I'm like um I need to lie down
and I convinced myself some be thirty
minutes oh it's that norm but instead
it's like three hours that just wakes me
up every thirty minutes cuz my snooze
button or waking up like every eight
minutes so not even like I can rest
properly because my snooze cuz I smoke
snooze button keeps like going off I
just keep convincing myself when I wake
up but if I just like ignore my teeth
two-hour nap that's well be way more
effective because my alarm won't go up
it's 1:00 a.m. whatever I'm up um I've
decided you're gonna laugh but I decided
I'm gonna do everything else I need to
do it unpack tomorrow if flights at 8:00
p.m. so out some time cuz do laundry and
all that stuff right now I just cannot
but if I finish everything else well
that's the only thing I have left to do
tomorrow that would be good so let's do
that
I just ate all the goldfish crackers uh
hum the time was 4:16 a.m. and when go
to bed I did a lot a lot a lot of work
in the last few hours to make up for the
nap but I still have to do my laundry
tomorrow and pack which is like oh my
god I wish someone could just do this
for me all the time I'm just so bad at
it but that's what's gonna happen
tomorrow
flights at 8 p.m. the long flight it's
22 hours with a stopover in Vancouver
that's like not even like a stopover is
just like letting people off the plane
and letting people on the plane so I'm
hoping to get a lot of work done from
Toronto to Vancouver humble and I are
having a work session on the plane and
then for the rest of the 18 hours I
don't know I'll figure out I'm not
looking forward to it yeah that's the
plan I'm gonna head to bed thank you so
much for joining me on another day and I
hope your day was wonderful and
stupendous and the newsletter should be
in your inbox because it's been sent out
and streamys go ahead and vote if you
want if not whatever you can just plug
me that's cool too um what else you have
to tell you I love you if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe sorry
what yeah oh okay I have 27 you can take
in 6 and leave the rest here no no no
I'm sorry because you don't understand
I'm not holding clothes
no no I'm holding outfits okay I'm
holding creation I've assembled in my
mind
