good morning it is actually morning it
is okay with 11:30 very close to morning
I hope an hour ago I woke up to do a
call and I'm getting ready to go to my
meeting I am tired I am ignoring it
because today we are hustling and look
at the stabbings for my nephew yesterday
today is gonna be such a productive boss
day that is the goal productive boss
no stress enjoy every moment for you
have a good time that's what's gonna
happen say first I'm gonna do eye makeup
and I'm gonna believe Lily you're gonna
leave in like math 15 minutes you hear
me don't freaking be late okay god
dammit you might be wondering really
when you have a million clothes why do
you wear the same ones every day it's
because I can't access all my millions
of clothes I just pick up the last one
that's on my bed also breakfast on the
go mmm
driving at the same time oh that's cause
I'm barely driving because let me tell
you something later on in case you don't
know I have complained about this before
I'm not complaining it's not even
complain time I even stressed I'm just
educating you have a highway called the
DVP Don Valley Parkway people joke
around and say it's called the Don
Valley parking lot because it doesn't
move no matter what time it's 12:00 noon
I mean see they're already at work
there's no reason for this to be like
this but it's just always always so full
of traffic no matter what time you leave
no matter what time you're going
anywhere no matter where you're going
always it's just always like this this
is it may I look about that bad in this
fisheye lens but it's packed like
bumper-to-bumper a slow car jam up in
here my chef de bomba I'm sorry I'm
chewing my gum quite unconsciously
the best part about working with YouTube
as I said sorry
I need like a place to do a meeting well
YouTube let me borrow a room but the
YouTube offices and they've given me
this amazing room for three people
freakin love them they love you YouTube
I love you the color of this chair I'm
Morty
fun fact about me things like this
colorful chairs and the simple things
like that make me so happy like my fries
being curly things like that
I'm really happy in a day small things
Boston Pizza I got my favorite
restaurant here one of them besides to
blow away time so I can't remember the
first meeting me was great love my new
intern she's wonderful she's marvelous
has the same name as Jess and I work
with Jess and she has we're headed home
jazz gonna come over as an assistant
jazz not interests and doing some work
don't ask them back-to-back calls and
you guys haven't seen jazz and soul oh
my gosh she's back so I'll show you in a
second we're gonna be at my house but
I'm so full no you said go focus
remember here we go focus back so I just
finished my first call I have my second
call in about 45 minutes I'm gonna work
on some stuff in between there there's
this random girl in my house jazz is
back and we're doing some work and yeah
I lollie honestly it's been a long time
since the last vlog this guy's here
we're working on our YouTube FanFest
segment if you don't know we're
performing at YouTube FanFest on
September 11th and we're flying to
Sydney on Saturday ordering a bunch of
cool things and we're working really
hard in our segment you know me I hold
that when I go on stage just by and go
hold down with me I like our segment
it's something we've never done before
it so you can see some stuff you're
familiar with but some new stuff that
you we've never done before
we really Harden and I think it's really
cool what do you think what I think that
you guys need to need to need to watch
the livestream wherever you are I don't
care what time it is I have noticed
after going on a world tour with Lilly
no matter how diehard a fan you are none
of you guys seem to understand what you
actually capable of so if you didn't
bother coming to this show you don't
know what she's capable of so you have
to watch the live stream then if you're
fortunate enough to see her perform live
you have an idea of what you're getting
installed this guy suggests we are
paving the sky sections firstly this guy
but no we're putting a lot of effort in
we're trying to you know I'm a big
believer of like making things specific
for audiences so I like to like cater to
the audience I'm I'm really excited and
I should be dope and it's 1:17 a.m. we
each had our own like a popcorn also
okay this damn Ellie the goddamn lolly
okay
this is a public service announcement my
vinius fries log someone commented
saying humbling the background with the
baby that's my brother-in-law there's
nothing below
oh and let's talk about this for a
second this is humble humble you move
yes humble has a beard you're very
humble often wears a turban show them
where your turban would go you wanna be
on top of my head yeah so he hasn't been
interpret but this does not mean every
person who has a beautiful let's help
them with their thought process so we
get it you see a beard you see a turban
you think humble but that's not what you
should think you should ask you
shouldn't say do I see a beard or see a
turban isn't humble ask yourself three
questions is there a beard
turbine is she is he being nice to Louie
yes then it's not humble yes awesome
people look different if you look beyond
the beard and turban almost nothing like
my brother-in-law I don't upset I think
it's actually for you know areas because
countless times with humble and
literally people come up to him and
they'll name any literally any other
person has a beard in Germany like oh
hey aren't you that guy and we've heard
a range of names and it's hilarious to
me every single time you just like know
so if you do mistake me for somebody
else and you get humble works
he's kidding he's actually really nice
and obviously doesn't care but his brain
today was a great day I had a great
meeting with both Jazz's I'm really
excited about the way things are going
so that's really awesome
had some good food today it got a lot of
work done just now with humble figured
out the whole YouTube FanFest thing and
that was like a huge relief and weight
off my back because people have been
hounding me for that for a long time no
Mike I gotta figure out I said this
before one of the hardest parts of my
job
oh well so wonderful is being creative
on demand having so many creative
projects due at the same time like God
man Frank creative block creative luck I
don't know I don't have an idea and to
like finally get that idea out there in
like something as awesome as we came up
with and something I feel really proud
of feels really great so I'm excited
about it
you don't know September 11th YouTube
FanFest Sydney Australia I'm leaving on
Saturday um that's for now I'm gonna do
my reading I've told myself I reading
goals every night so at least one
chapter every night I got a read so that
I like reading I just sometimes I'm too
tired out of time but no one chapter
nights I'm gonna read my chapter go to
bed thanks for joining me on another day
tomorrow I'm spending the entire day
with Sandy um we gotta go outfit
shopping for a whole bunch events I have
coming up and it's also Pyro's birthday
so I'm gonna attempt to make it to his
birthday dinner it's also a video date
so we gotta do that so there's a lot of
things to do tomorrow
but thanks for joining me today on
another day also the newsletter is
coming up very soon so if you've been
signed up the newsletter is completely
free triple w dot team super dossier the
link is in the description as well so
make sure you do that sad the newsletter
and if you like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe he does this count
let's goes deep to beat the day
