oh my I'm still back home it still feels
good and I'm home and tell September 5th
some home for a while I am headed to the
bank right now because my mom has been
waiting for me to sign some papers that
I haven't been able to sign because I've
not been here so I'm going to do that
and then I have an intense workday I
don't think there's just stop saying
that because every day I make it an
intense workday but everything exciting
projects I'm working on part of the
secret project I have been working on
has been revealed there are these huge
I've done this really cool YouTube
marketing initiative and you can find in
Melbourne and Sydney so far or like my
face is on the side of buildings and on
billboards and bus shelters and it's
coming to other places too but I'm not
gonna tell you where yet so that's
really cool and I'm gonna try to see if
I can do something the leisure today I
kind of feel like watching a movie
so we'll see their day is ours to
control so today we're gonna have a
great day
it's gonna be amazing I can't I can't
express how happy I am that you're here
with me hmm
also I will say Toronto is significantly
colder than LA in LA oh my god humble
and Ric would be so proud of me I
actually became that person that like
was getting hot so like I turn on a/c
and when we went places with AC was
blasting I was like oh yes it feels so
good we just so unlike me but maybe my
body temperature like improved in LA but
now I'm back home and I'm like where's
my winter jacket
I'm just heard is just the bank came
home to this package that I'm really
excited about height this clothing line
I really like sent a whole bunch of sick
stuff and obviously know I got some
stuff for home because I'm a good friend
Simpson stuff backpacks Simpson sweaters
all my god I'm so excited you'll buy a
giant scratchy sweater all this - I was
so excited about a shoe shouts hype oh
my god I'm so excited I'm gonna look
more closer so cool I'm so excited
they're close Simpson one I know hey
look at my shirt I freaking love it
thank you so much oh I was all gonna
wear these shirts all ignore
I'm headed to humbles house I need to
like wash my hair it's all I got - but
whatever home for another time lighly
stop hanging tumbles also gonna do some
work there were gonna watch trainwreck
because I haven't seen that moving at
her - amazing things about us and that's
we're gonna do i all stuff like
allergies randomly I think it's like the
temperature switch is on Ralph
he believed him I know I want to know
that I did that clip and there was
actually a booger in my nose so I cut
that clip out so there's a burger my
nose so I went to the movies I left my
memory card at home could I'm blog for
the past like gazillion hours book
watched train wreck
please it was you guys definitely should
watch it not only the name Amy Schumer
yeah
not only was you star in it she wrote it
and she did an amazing job writing I
think if she were me it would be the
only reason I would I wouldn't say it'd
be better because Lily wouldn't need
some swearing swearing I could do that I
would always tell my favorite landed a
role without quiet which is where I
would oh you're writing the movie I
understand the buddyfight
additionally you like because I have a
little character a movie how it's with
Lily isn't swear but if I'm playing like
Jessica in a movie she goes I'd be dope
I want to see that I want to see that
they like when like Zach Galifianakis
said that one serious role in Birdman I
want to see that one role and had to
realize my mom and the thing had so much
swearing in it and I was waiting for my
mom and I couldn't do it I was like shut
the F up I swear you pansy and I'm like
I can I hit and when that movie comes
out you're gonna see my name can be
squaring coach
who'da train you're not a swinger
I honestly was so bad at it like I can't
but when I'm alone sometimes I say to
myself yeah I've never heard her swear
that what she got me thinking tell them
what you knew because of actually my new
video is called you were not special
intriguing up with a link in the
description
hey yo what's up my bad I'm like sucking
at vlogging today and yesterday um I got
to the movies then I tried to vlog and
it was like no memory card I'm like dad
that was my reaction I'm gonna head to
bed um I got a little bit of work done
trainwreck was so good it was so funny
I'm so inspired by you
humor she's so hilarious such a natural
actor and like actress and I'm
astonished that she wrote it as well
like I must seriously impressed I'm
obsessed I'm a little bit obsessed so
that was really cool I also just pooped
that was really cool probably because I
eat the whole bag of popcorn hey I'm
gonna read a little bit head to bed
tomorrow I am going to my cottage my new
family cottage I haven't even seen yet I
was gonna join us because we figured
it's a good opportunity to get like some
good work done in terms of like there's
no Wi-Fi so we can get creative work
done because Wi-Fi although helpful for
work is also distraction when trying to
get a creative working like writing
scripts and writing things having
Facebook through all that's of the
distraction so no fun no Phi Phi no
Wi-Fi tomorrow hi hi
no high five tomorrow straight creative
work next to the water at a cottage
gonna be dope so I can't wait for you to
come along with that also I'm gonna here
for a few more days I'm only played four
more days for five more days for five
six six something like that days I'm
leaving pretty quickly sound like very
limited time do a lot of things uh I got
tired I got anything else pretty much
just that I'm working on a lot of really
cool projects that you know nothing
about and I'm really excited I'm really
excited I'm working on some cool stuff
and I'm having a good time I'm gonna
shut the F up read some books and then
go to sleep if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
I get subscribers I'll do better
tomorrow
pencil pencil all the pencils
