there's no place like home there's no
place like home
yo what's up so I landed like two hours
ago by stuck in two hours of traffic
actually I landed my parents forced me
to go to my accountant my favorite thing
to do then I got stuck in two hours of
traffic I got home as soon as I got home
I had a call I did the call and Here I
am and I totally forgot that it's a
separate day to me it's still yesterday
so I was like I'd like to vlog I'm like
no no I end up my blog but then I'm like
wait the end of my vlog that means a new
vlog started I'm disoriented but I'm
feeling good I'm back
I stopped kind of on the plane not
really but I just want to get to work
right now I got home I would get to work
I'm feeling I don't want to go to sleep
I don't want to add for my sleep
schedule so we's home
what no mostly really no Wiis home let's
get to it all right
so the lack of sleep is slowly catching
up with me is a 15 I told myself I just
have to survive until 10 and then go to
sleep also are you ready for this moment
pencil cool look it's like wait it's the
pen that looks like a pencil eye so time
is ten thirty eight I've survived it got
a lot of work done and I'm gonna eat
something because I realized that my
schedule so off like I don't have
breakfast only at lunch I've got dinner
so I decided to be an adult and have
this Disney Princess spaghetti you can't
speak anything so I guess I'm gonna bow
and what's her name again
Ariel Cinderella Sleeping Beauty hashtag
adulthood okay so I got to know in what
world is this a Disney Princess this
looks like a piece of hair you find on a
wet floor that's all ring air duct
t-this looks like a jalebi this looks
like SN a paper clip that was like too
ambitious like I don't know
there's not mmm
Cinderella jumping ahead so I have some
serious game of Thrones withdraw and
humble has encouraged me to start a new
show which to be honest makes total
sense as you should know Dwayne is in a
show called ballers and due to my hectic
schedule I haven't been able to watch it
yet but I'm gonna start watching ballers
now so be prepared for me to be obsessed
with a brand new show I've heard it's
like Entourage like better and I was
obsessed with Entourage no it wasn't
like on top it was like similar but more
depth
that's what humble said so I'm really
saying star watching it and this is
gonna be our new thing that we watch
together but I'm gonna watch the first
episode bays in it so stay tuned okay
first episode was bomb as I'm not
surprised at all she's doing such a good
job in it
Dwayne is killing it killing it I'm so
excited I feel like I'm waiting on the
show but i'ma go to sleep I'm not gonna
binge watch too much tonight
it's 11:40 and I told myself I'd see
about 10 I want to see I mention this
before the hardest transition I ever
have is LA back to Toronto even though
it's only 3 hours it just F's me up and
I always end up sleeping really late
I'm trying to sleep now cause I'm little
bit tired I don't want it to pass and
then I can wake up kind of early I gotta
go to the bank tomorrow it's a workday a
lot of things to do and I kind of like
might go watch a movie or something I
want to do something semi leisure with
like a friend or something we'll see
what my parents Mabel take her parents
out all right my parents breathe my
prayers already not to the prayers out
partying ish some of us gotta work no
kidding my parents work really hard and
also they watch my blogs and also I want
them to kill me and also I drop
something okay if you liked it subscribe
if you like it subscribe so if this is a
short boring vlog I just you know flu
and then yeah it's still falling okay if
you like it subscribe
we did a makeup tutorial nailed it
