it's our last day the lane hey yo what's
up good afternoon it is around 12 p.m.
and I woke up a little while ago I'm not
wearing the same clothes as yesterday
but I am but like I got up and I took a
shower clean my body and then I put the
same clothes back on because I was like
yo new shirt I love it
last night was awesome telescope concert
had a blast to sleep I slayed my entire
life because maiming grace was actually
a dream about me and moon Grace we're
all in India I was riding a horse I went
to this haunted forest like all these
demons start attacking me I was telling
them about it and like I think grace
believed me madly mamrie did it was
weird it was a weird dream I'm shooting
with grace today and a little bit first
I have an interview with a potential
intern that I want to hire to help me
out with some stuff so that's really
exciting I'm gonna have that interview
I'm going to write a script for Mike lab
with grace but a shoot with grace I
gotta meet up with Shay's EP as well to
give the pizza shirt I gotta fix this
house when I pack my stuff I don't wanna
leave but okay I have this interview
let's do that first
here we go you know what I like to do
one step at a time rah rah rah rah rah
rah rah rah rah one step at a time what
close talking about yes the interview
went great I did sit outside but think
it's so you know what my concern is when
I moved to LA I always keep my hair open
because I got like the way it feels but
it's so hot that I can't keep it open so
like imagine I always have my hair in a
bun like a grandma that might be the
case also okay I tell you a dilemma I
still don't have a pencil I need a
pencil
why that's a one reason we're excited to
go home I love a pencil I know you think
this is ridiculous like I don't want to
go to the store just to buy a pencil
where do I want to buy a pack of 20
grams I just want one pencil someone
give me one pencil so the time is 2:00
p.m. and I'm shooting with grace in two
hours I just finished the script before
grace I like to be like I'll tell your
story I like to be super prepared for my
collaborations um because one time I
wasn't and I felt like crap but first
time ever collaborated with Davey wavey
I actually canceled on in the first time
and then I met up with him and he was so
prepared oh so unprepared and have an
idea or anything I felt horrible about
it and ever since that I've vowed to
always be super prepared so I don't give
other people come and shoot with me um
obviously it's nice some people don't
but I don't care if they come in they
like want to talk through it I do
don't have an exact idea but as long as
they're like you know excited about it
so I'm not at all like doing this so
that they return the same type of like
preparation because this is a little bit
much to be honest like I write an entire
script I try to email to them in advance
like format it and stuff so like I mean
it would've been cited to how I did it
the video I'm doing grace it won't be
released for a while but it's called
stages of becoming a fangirl
so I got my documentary stage of payment
fangirl you know write it all out and
then I'll put like the skit bit so that
she can read it in advance like feel
comfortable and just in case like you
know this was not awkward so I'm gonna
send this over to her I don't know what
her channel idea is yet but I'm sure
she'll come up with something awesome as
she always does and I'm excited about it
I just wrote I really like it things fun
so hey okay so everything is truly
bigger in America because I just went to
7-Eleven to grab a rockstar I want the
smallest size look I was really tired I
want a small size look at the size of
this it has like got like what like it's
bigger than my face like I'm not gonna
drink all this and take a few sips and
pretty wasted but like that's a small
says that
we did a makeup tutorial nailed a but
I'm so excited I think I read is gonna
be really cool cute actually I loved it
I think it all it'll resonate with a lot
of you guys and by that she means me
it's about my life and it's gonna come
up too soon and it should not be great
yeah I love this lens I always feel like
I'm gonna miss the Elliot music video
there you have it
professionalism okay so get this I like
forgot veg you feel existed and then I
just remember it's not my veggie girl my
girl Skye cuz I gotta go Pizza sweater
and I got my cool stuff I'm so excited
for you stop by so use that veggie girl
right now and I'm so excited to have my
buing salad this one's broken
I'm so full I can't even breathe I feel
like I was gonna explode I ate the
entire thing I never finished the entire
thing I finish the entire thing I would
really could be like three months
pregnant right now that's how I feel um
see ya guys she's joggers yo I'm so
excited so excited about it they're try
them on this when I get home and put
them in my suitcase somehow made at home
not that clean that apartment got a pack
I got work to do let go I gotta leave
like 4:00 a.m. so might as well stay
upright
right is that we're saying we're gonna
say that yeah let's do that Shay I love
you I love you thank you so much
all these dope stuff vegan look at this
it's friggin amazing it's it's ah
not enough it's not enough fans
basically it's like pants and it says
it's all about the journey not the
destination inside like hazmat positive
ich kaufe tawanda I freaking love it
thanks show you the best give me more
give me all of them I'm gonna I don't
want to wear anything besides this
because then I can like conceal all the
popcorn I eat within these pants okay
also how do you have another pair track
pants to wear bum and no she is not
paying me to plug this I swear to god
I'm just really happy that I love track
pants and joggers like if I could live
my entire life and this way
I could I would I would no zippers no
buttons it's like silly after that yo
what is 11:45 p.m. Sarah just left she
came over we had a quick meeting and now
I'm packing I also meant adieu listen I
realize I have so many things to do some
like jam-packed my schedule still
without a pencil my no it's fine so
funny
I hear the trip I have a million pencils
in my backpack but this time I did bring
one cuz I'm like this so stupid why do I
pack so many pencils this is I'm never
again but I leave without a pencil never
but I'm packing and it's happening so
the time is 1:30 I'm gonna leave for the
airport in two and a half hours leaving
so much food behind like this huge thing
of rice I bought this for a video video
shot with Connor and I'm just gonna
donate it and I've packed my stuff it's
ready to go
breathing you sure I feel but I am
excited to see my mom and dad I'm
excited my friends and I'm excited to
share all the cool stuff that's happened
to my parents so that's all good it's
just you know the constant changing it's
like I should be used to her cuz my life
is always changing but it's like here I
can make a video at 4 a.m. in the
morning be as loud as I want in this
matter I'm not gonna go back to like the
hole okay let's go do this around my
parents schedule it's just my
complaining is just difficult it's
difficult to sleep keep switching my
work environment I guess but it's all
good such as life and it's cool and we
got a lot of exciting traveling coming
up by the way let's buck this down
that's my macaroni yeah that's what you
beep mm-hmm I'm debating between
priorities where I wanna keep doing this
eat my macaroni fine I guess you're more
important I say more important than
macaroni I mean whose damn important
this was going on yo if you haven't
heard if you live in Sydney and
Melbourne there's mad billboards and ish
going down let me show you for example I
I part of that secret project it's
slowly getting revealed but check this
out if you live in Melbourne you can see
me the side of buildings and the same
goes with like Sydney I'm on a lot of
these
shelters so like take selfies with them
and send them to me so that's happened
it's really exciting I'm also going to
Australia and like a week and a half
going to Sydney for YouTube FanFest I'm
also gonna have a can unconfirmed can't
say it nevermind I'll tell you what it's
good for it I'm sorry that was mean of
me I'm doing that then I'm gonna go to
New York after that I'm going back to LA
after for the streamys so much traveling
is coming up but you know what else is
coming up meeting this macaroni okay bye
alright so I knew this would happen it's
to him and I'm getting sleepy and that
can't happen cuz in two hours I got a
drive to return my car back and I know
if I go to sleep right now and attempt
to wake up in two hours probably even
more sleepy so predicaments I tell ya
there we go alright friends the moment
has come we're saying goodbye to
Christmas goodbye thank you for the
memories
yet another apartment down and now we're
heading home
that's far I am heading to turn my car
then head to the airport for a 7 a.m.
flight back to Toronto here we go
we are getting devil it is very
comforting that makes it thank everybody
there into the penalise home my parents
took me from the airport now they're
taking me straight to my accountant
probably get me to do these things I'm
gonna hoist now anyways I'm gonna end my
vlog here I'm back home and I'm ready to
also work your and adjust and do
everything so thanks for joining me on
another adventure tomorrow's another day
back home so if you liked it subscribe
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
