hmm I gotta leave my house in 12 minutes
my name's a card as well as 848 and
leave my house at 9:00 to meet my 9:30
meeting I was deliberate but but then
this happened and I'm still here now I'm
instead of getting up I'm vlogging and
there's this stuff all over my eyes I
boogers okay I am pretty late right now
I'm 12 minutes late okay so I'm gonna be
like 12 my segments meeting it's all
good this is my altar today my shorts
with my super moon but these white
things and my legs are super like pale
and girl's not gross actually I'm proud
of the color of my legs talk my legs we
so peel the bottom right and whatever
it's all good and then that you can do a
shirt okay let's go to this meeting that
we'll talk more
stop it so my first meeting out I'm like
I was like the first one here dude I'm
like 33 whole minutes late check this
out look at all this stuff they still
got me
positive reinforcement even though I'm
late
yeah ah shut it down I was like shut it
down
okay so right now I'm gonna meeting in
regards to my unicorn Island app if you
don't have it what are you doing
download up with the links in the
description Android n iPhone and we're
talking with so many exciting things and
a game is one of them flappy unicorn you
ready I feel like this might just be the
best thing ever associated with me you
ready here we go here we go we go whoo
no oh snap
ah I'm done my first meeting I'm headed
to my second meeting at three meetings
in total I was also supposed to shoot
with grace tonight but that got moved to
tomorrow we're gonna do tomorrow tonight
imma never work night unless I
spontaneously randomly get tickets to
Taylor Swift with which case I would be
ecstatic
there's a really low chance of that
happening though where did I park damn
and I always do this see I feel really
bad I came to this meeting thirty
minutes late I was only gonna be like
ten minutes late and then I can't
fainted like I can't figure out the
traffic in LA because sometimes I leave
so early and I get there so early and
sometimes the traffic's like I just when
you're not from somewhere you don't know
which highways to avoid or like it's
just it's a whole thing okay anyways
second meeting second reading yes my car
alright so my astronauts wanted to have
another movie meeting
and the guy hates because I pulled into
the one way of valet so I'm just gonna
walk and pretend like nothing happened
what we wish I let me happen to know
about what's up mommy I would had a
woman tell me get in spoiling all my
meetings mm-hmm you know we're back here
okay they're showin up just walking into
the room bossing me around
Oh Sarah you're such a swipe honey by
the way her new name is all whites white
even though you're not following it
today you all like some of her so we've
had a great meeting about the movie look
at all the stuff behind us this what I'm
meeting with I'll create a brainstorm
well how to give you the best possible
new movie movie I was gonna say movie
and who was this thing now it's called a
movie because it's about you will try to
give you the best experience and I'm
really excited all the ideas we have
it's really um and and then I got
tickets to Taylor Swift
I'm so excited one so I gotta go shoot
something really quickly do a whole
bunch of work before we go let's do it
get ticket yep too sexy for my shirt how
long I've been planning to do that
literally the entire meeting Daniel I'm
so super done cuz now we got bad blood
just getting pumped
you used to be mad love elevator party
huh deadlines deadlines deadlines I have
another barrage situation it is so hot
and if I say it happens hot it's hot I
love it but it's hot
getting pumped up getting ready I'm
finishing all my work it's gonna be good
yo what's up what's up so I make myself
another pizza on I saw one day like 24
hours to finish all the food in my
fridge my flight is actually not
Thursday night it's Friday morning now
so I'm here for a little bit longer so
made my pizza night I'm having
strawberry grapes and yogurt dessert
no how about grapes and yogurt if you
haven't tried it who needs to try it
life-changing literally tumblr quote
life-changing okay that's how these
grapes in your witness
did I mention when choice of tonight I'm
so excited did I mention that did I do
that engineer I think I think I did so
sure Brad yes please oh this is not even
a vlog I'm just doing random crap and
just putting it together I hope you
enjoy because I just added like myself
let me get ready I don't even like 15
minutes and kill ya like a mess so um I
need a raise so high everything like
melting Amida and you do my even speak
English anymore look at this room wine
yeah okay let's get ready tea squeezy
tea Swezey I need to go there on time I
need to get myself a tea squeezy shirt
maybe two shirts goddamnit on my biology
shirts I don't want no bad blood with
nobody okay so I had very limited times
try to look cute so I'm just like
chillin in my shorts I'm a thing I'm
gonna buy tailors for sure anyway so I
just wore tank top to throw over it's
hot
anyone do my eyeliner cuz I'm like it's
gonna melt off there's no point I know
I'm just kind of jam out I don't care of
just of way too much in the past who is
buzzing up my phone door I just realized
it's been recording for five whole
minutes in the back of my own but I'm
really excited I know I said you are I'm
so excited
maybe we need okay so let's talk about
Taylor always brings out surprise guest
her show and I'm hoping and praying that
she brings us we're gonna go mister day
because as I'm serious as drivers I was
spontaneously combust it's gonna go my
phone's on that stage I will die I will
literally fangirl so hard I will die
that day
hey I know I think it's really sweet I
don't think she's brought a singer yet
I'm for feelings about it are you ready
for this hearing this I am ready by the
way people since Graham Victor never was
like your eye pastor to filter drivers
to dark okay basically can't find my
normal color to music darker color so
I'm filling them in the exact same place
to darker color I know his friends just
let it be let it shake it off really
okay so Grayson memory are down there
they met trailers like it like she's
amazing and I'm so jealous where they're
down there in the right now there's two
seasoned side them there
they're hoping on stairs that we can
move to got the next to grace' memory
and I watch me
a person about to come out onto the
stage
beautiful they don't fit
Greenup and sweet winner and tell
do not it and more time
mommy
to me
I'm going to communicate all the fields
with you but first of the school for I
basically Taylor Swift on her stage
shake it up shake it up just saying oh
my god
Selena okay I know tell sponsor and she
did great and I'll talk about of us
Selena Gomez slave my life a scary I
wish I was
she decent least I was nice I was done I
can she's just radiant and gorgeous and
amazing and I can't I cannot even with
her I'm home I'm home I'm home uh I love
concerts if I could just spend the rest
of my like going to concerts I was so
happy I think there was like
motivational inspirational thing ever
it's my favorite thing to do if you ever
go to a concert with me you'll see
member standing there like and I'm in
total awe Taylor did such a good job
she's such a good performer so genuine
so authentic so wonderfully awkward that
she just embraces all of her awkwardness
is so great Selena Gomez
he's a Kudrow Lisa Kudrow by the way is
like a genius guest appearance by the
way Justin Timberlake what case Selena I
can't like sad this theory where happen
to Selena's concert and I've like
sometimes been in the same vicinity as
her and like I promised myself I'd never
want to meet her just like just like
Duane the exception is when I was
younger before I started YouTube I did
wanna meet Duane like at a mean green or
ever like I don't want to meet Selena
Gomez or any person I really look up to
as a fan not that anything's wrong with
me in them as a fan I only want to meet
them in an environment where I can be
like hey this is who I am and I want to
tell you how wonderful you are properly
and if I can't do that like I don't want
do a quick selfie type thing no so like
I just I refuse I refuse I can't wait
for the day not if but when I get to
meet Selena Gomez it will happen and my
life will be complete and I cannot wait
for that day now I work so hard until I
get to that day I love her so much she's
just radiant I love her yeah I'm feeling
also have some inspired I'm feeling
great I had a great time with Siri
mmm so wonderful ah I feel so amazing um
I'm gonna do bunch of work right now I
am pretty tired as well I'm Michael I so
I'm gonna plug fall asleep while doing
work and so last day in LA I can't
explain to you what my brain is going
through right now and how I don't want
to leave just
it feels right it just feels right but
Obama says I can't be here
yeah so man keep joining the adventure
if you liked it subscribe if you liked
it subscribe
oh and wait yesterday I did it like a
three minute rant about my video that
got blocked it's back up it's good to go
the claim has been released you can
watch my video my parents reacting to
one direction drag me down watch it
enjoy it if you like it sounds good
he's on his red carpet it's not day ok
brother thing we're low-key matching
yeah just say
