I slept for four minutes okay JK maybe
like two hours okay maybe three hours
maybe like two and a half hours I'm
headed to the airport the time is
because I don't know the time I'm just
talking grab it's 5 a.m. head to the
airport San Francisco here we come
say Francisco ok so this is my first
ever Virgin America flight and it's a
club I feel come in club right now I
don't know if I should like sit or to
whine right now like I'm having problems
I like this I like legit clothes I'm
like here with a bottle that Louisiana
but bet you Irina I'm Jake and we're
asleep how we made to San Francisco and
I'm probably only douchebag on the whole
flight that checked a bag I know waiting
for my one bike all right I'm excited
we're doing a lot of fun stuff at the
YouTube headquarters today that I've
never been to so I'm very excited about
that
I don't know if I even get to check into
my hotel casa so early so I might have
to get ready somewhere random because we
have to go pretty soon so always out go
everything's always go go go
it's never like eat relaxed heap scratch
your butt a little no just go go go
so this is our hotel ours and isn't my
hotel room um got two beds because I was
only room that was available right now I
can sleep like an hour before I get
ready and head out oh hey Liam back into
hotel mode yes we're asleep about an
hour and then we gotta go this bunch of
cool stuff happen look I've never been
to the YouTube headquarters here so we
need a tour I'm speaking with the CEO a
little bit doing some interviews stuff
and then just like having meetings the
bunch of cool people which is cool
because like it's nice if you like your
feedback and your you matter so like to
be able to talk to people that create
the products that I use every day from
YouTube and like people to tell them my
feedback and have them listen super cool
and y'all know how passionate them but
like my job so it's like really fun I'll
burn myself up and take a little sleepy
mama took a little nap yo I'm so
weird are you good can you come up no
stop right now comment below let me know
like are you as weird as mirrors it just
me if it's just me that's cool but I
don't really weird things like for
example even if I wasn't recording right
now just like when we're like that's
what you are you also this weird comment
below let me know the weird things you
do okay
heyy ready to keep escape ekp so this
trip has been like three four days long
and I've worn this sweater three or four
times realizing I haven't actually
talked anything else I only packed with
Teen Choice Awards backflip to sweater
doesn't that have literally wore this
sweater three times judge me judge me
judge me okay I once in there with it
I'm not ashamed to admit my doors broken
hello hello unki do Kiwis heading to the
YouTube head course and Sara told me I
know she's right or not but she told me
that it's the same place of movie the
internship they should have the Google
what I thought like that place that's
where it is that's pretty dope I'm
really excited yeah I'm such a nerd
Butler excited look at all the youtubing
bother you tubing happening they have
some dorky person here
yeah good fat look at that ha ha ha
one of my favorite things are YouTube is
they really not made me feel special
look at this no you know I'm really cool
look how close God is moment okay
everything went great but that doesn't
matter most important look at this
this conveyor belt is taking this trip
mom this is what I'm gonna get you this
is this is gonna be you I'm gonna get
this for you this is great
everyone great um add a little bit into
doing great and I think I did okay she
did so well this one Griffin yeah okay
I'm just covered a secret Allanon by de
prony I'm good at this game
i won Sarah Sox I won Sarah sunglass in
salfi sleep which wants a Rubik's Cube
it's very hard to get so I just been
listed and it drops even the good times
will travel more time with a pasta Sarah
cause come on out you're looking at all
the angles now that's all the things in
the wind you know no no no Sarah wants
this depression wanted I do nope sorry
but you've got is I'm going to John
beach house for dinner
these two are having a date night but
what would have so much more fun than
them so it doesn't really matter
look at her China purrs friend she's
doing work right now we can avoid smell
just like you I just absolutely does
nothing whoa ha ha ha um yeah we're in
San Fran Cisco um tomorrow I don't know
who's down but I have to see the full
House house yeah we're look I have to
see the full House house it has to
happen Jami come see the flawless house
tomorrow yeah yes so I'm home um has
such a great time with John view in her
family to family days in a row feel
really really good um it's so sweet and
vlog because I was chilling it like yo
but I'm back home I'm so tired
like really retired I think the lack of
sleep from last night's catching up to
me it's only not at 10:30 but I'm with
you I just go to bed I didn't post
today's vlog but whatever I might
combine today's and tomorrow's vlog
together because I didn't vlog on much
it
a lot of like secretive stuff that
YouTube's I can only blog it but um
that's what I'm planning on doing good
morning San Francisco what's up so I
woke up in San Francisco I slept in and
I feel amazing and we energized and my
Game of Thrones shirt and everything
just so good right now
we're going to explore a little bit I
think do some work and head back at 7
p.m.
Sarah and I um I slept so much I feel so
good oh my god oh my god oh my god this
is my childhood coming to life it's the
fall house house this would be a hill
somewhere
yes that's over here we'll find we'll
find it but wait are you sure this is
the house because the hill is in front
of the house is this house hold on okay
we've confirmed it is in fact Abul house
house is in fact full house we just
watch the intro everything is right
there I'm good I'm good
okay so now Sarah is taking me to the
seven Painted Ladies which is the houses
behind them when they're rolling on the
hill like running down the hill like a
full house super white family and stuff
um I'm so excited I got this like a
legit dream come true for me right now
oh my god yes yeah oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god all right Sarah our
holding hands gonna run downhill
it's a monumental moment
hey got real seat hey got real steep
that was a life-changing moment please
Uncle Jesse what do you say no yeah so
we're at the Brixton but my 30-day oh I
wish our artichoke on Spaceship and it's
like nothing I've ever seen before
ah
it's on pop it pop it like my booty yeah
I know it's like the cauldron cauldron
are you ready there's a ravenous
so we're exploring San Francisco one day
what up hat reference and Golden Gate
Bridge and my dad's with all his gold
it's got it
collagen pretty : ooh you can barely see
it all that seriously on some facts here
was educational free
crash course log version okay we go
October 1 the Golden Gate Bridge was
created because there was a dude on this
side yeah I saw a fine girl on that side
and was like yo how do I get to that
side construct this entire bridge just
tap the booty the Golden Gate Bridge was
built in the 20s 30s 40s for 70s
I forgot all the options corrected tired
any lanes are on the golden game 7 600
nice clothes how many times did you tap
the booty but incorrect wait wait wait
I'm sure this bridge has been in many a
movie just collapsing like in terms of
like action sir
san Andreas was that not okay are you
just trying to find a way to like I
think it was well I'm not sure but just
in case this is the bridge I'm sure
there's even like final destination
wasn't or there's like some Will Smith
now you know that it's actually fine you
heard it here first at the bridge is
fine breaking news appreciate you
straight you should make youtube videos
I mean she's funny the so Cypress it's
cool it really pretty it's like the way
how's your is the hells are different
colors that's what it is and you notice
every time i come to his place and i
realize that they don't have to worry
about snow I understand why they cannot
things like this why their houses can
look like this and why they can like
have colorful houses and all these
things very interesting looking and it's
also like hot and cold at the same time
also why didn't you tell me this was
like this
hey my slag
oh it's leg so I am back at YouTube
today because I had some work to do
we went sightseeing and now about
Caesarea and Sarah doing some work just
posted a vlog and I love being at the
YouTube spaces and YouTube offices and
Google offices there so like meant to
work in the environment to select work
and I love it and also you can do things
like this this is a wall more did that
the market to get the marketing work
that was any together it's pretend I've
added a Panola yeah we had YouTube space
and I do things like this where do these
matters not what God Danny and then you
can do things like this major never saw
that coming up I'm just confused that
every time we fly with Virgin America
it's a club like it's just so good like
it's a jam like it's a rate like go
check your hair - huh I fly was laid 15
whisk it out that me China stresses like
what was it
hide them in the bin with a wheel door
handle take in the aisle any other
smaller secondary items which is laptop
backpack smaller bikes vs. please make
sure you do places under the video for
news we're heading better be on late I
think there's a good chance I'm gonna
crashes serious try to get everybody
everything blog I'm super hunger empty a
pothole there's also no magic bullet in
rows 1 and 3 hes on this club black
Virgin America sign it's sad yeah they
got me so much fun except people looking
at me like I'm crazy right so you all
this is like not an empty play and she
going for it god bless yeah yeah you see
he knows what I'm talking about high
five right here that's what's up you see
you gotta make friends when I'm done
shut it down we made it
just remember on the plane it's Thursday
like I had no recollection was Thursday
I was chilling thing goes Wednesday
night or Thursday start panicking so now
I'm I see what I can do
um stay tuned you seven my temporary
home for today Sarah's place she's so
sweet
it's just Thursday beside to not make a
video because even though Sarah said
it's fine I can do it yeah like she has
a roommate that's probably sleeping and
I don't want to be rude and I want to be
loud even though Sarah says it's fine I
still don't feel comfortable doing that
inconveniencing them so I'm gonna try to
post one tomorrow and this is another
reason I don't a list of why I need a
place in LA do I need to move here
you gotta watching my show the first
time Wow oh my god
