there's pizza on my shirt good morning
look at me all did up not looking like a
mess what a pleasant change for you
so today I'm shooting another club with
someone very exciting who have never
shot with before I think I'm gonna leave
it a secret until I actually get there
but it is me it's 12 o'clock I'm ready
to go
today's gonna be a crazy dates video day
I am going to post a video today it's
gonna happen it's video day I gotta also
send a video to Dell
I gotta also shoot this club I also have
a dinner meeting I also have like to do
I have a lot of things to do Jay stop
chasing me one those days I was like all
right you know what today's gonna be
challenging prepare yourself
and now straddle up and let's do the
damn thing whoo okay I'm here and I'm
like 1% nervous uh collabing with people
so it's interesting
and yours hope it goes really well I
have a really good feeling about this ah
today's goal is gonna be to get
everything I have to get done done
without getting flustered and frustrated
look calmly to have fun and just focus
and be productive that's the goal for
today that's the goal either that or I'm
gonna eat the pizza off my shirt Hey
okay I'll give you a little hint as to
who I'm clapping with
stay tuned because she's so hot and
fabulous and fellow Canadian hmm look
who I away hello Canadian humans here
sup we're gonna shoot some fun things as
a tighter bag of popcorn priorities all
mine this is really why I'm here
yeah I love and Justins here hey what's
up I've been gonna knock this out the
park let's do it
Shay might also steal my sweater by the
end of the shoot I'm going to amazing I
love it see how it's like so easy to do
everything yeah yeah no you don't look
weird anyways been a great time shooting
yes she's amazing it's amazing when you
meet someone because I'm Michael I was a
little stressed why because I was like
oh my god what if she hates me to be
bitch I mean no no but like I knew you'd
be nice when I was like what if she
hates me no I definitely don't eat
anymore Pizza shirt love at first sight
and she invited me to do it with shake a
shimmy yeah well obviously this is gonna
be the last time we hang out obvious
when you come here I mean we're
Canadians we stick together yeah and
that's what's gonna happen I got ship us
so come up with a ship name come on
below that's what's up amazing when
you're at a class so clogging is I know
any so much time did you had a vlog so
it's amazing well so exciting and this
cameras good because you can do this
yeah I would you look yeah and she's a
channel check it out with the
description below she's a channel it's
amazing yeah and it's Degrassi yeah and
everything I'll put it up put it all
down I just it's way better than my
craft okay let's talk about how I match
Shay's door like we're soul mates I
don't know like we're soul mates and I'm
gonna say the exact same thing on
snapchat hold on
and now is that Chipotle that's how I
pay my friends in Tripoli there's no
better way really shoot all day yeah the
tongue here bites mine phone some talk a
big sound all that cool burrito yeah
will change doors you so I'm back at my
place I'm just winding for a few minutes
I've got stuff to do
some of my things Arkansas today which
makes my today a little bit lighter but
my tomorrow a lot heavier basically in a
situation where I really need something
from home to shoot a video I need to do
so I'm going to tell parents to
overnight ship it to me when it's 4:30
in the next 30 minutes my lawyers gonna
call me I got to go over a contract
that's really really important I gotta
do that I could do Monday video then
have a dinner with my agent and Sarah
and I by the way I love Shay Mitchell
I think we're so I think we're like I
know I say this often Beckett a lot of
people I'm meeting this trip I can tell
when I make a lot get along with someone
she's like soul mate level she's my
spirit and she's so effin show and she's
so caught and gorgeous and I love her
and she hustles like a mother f oh I
love meeting people who hustle cuz you
know I feel about work ethic it's when I
meet people who like surpassed mine it's
like so inspiring for me so inspiring I
love being surrounded by the energy so I
had a great time and I'm not flustered
so we're still we're still keeping my
Laura's calling in 30 minutes so I'm
gonna relax for like 20 minutes
basically basically so I'm wearing this
shirt again because I discovered like
I'm ready to go out I still have new
clothes where it's fine we're done
complaining but clothes we're not
complain once anymore I'm a Hannah
ponytail because I don't want to get
stuck in my piercings and it's hot it's
a little bit hat got my silver shoes and
my bling bling bling I'm going out to
dinner with my agent from WM use name is
Chris and I went with Sarah as well
we're having a little quick dinner um
I'm gonna come home with my Monday video
we're complex ed we're going to
accomplish how to call my lawyer I did a
collab with Shay I'm gonna release the
Monday video I think is going great I
have un mundo flustered probably a great
day it's a great day how was your day
I hope your days fantastic I'm airhead
oh I'm not gonna over it so that I can
drink a Cosmo because drinking and
driving is not cute all right let's go
Oh anyway what's up what's up I didn't
vlog during dinner it's a professional
dinner and it's not like the most
appropriate things you'd like oh my God
look at this past that so cute
the time is 841 and I'm supposed to
chill with kind of tonight I told her I
gotta do a video and I'm going to the
video and then we'll see what time I
finish and have to really P also I'm
thinking about for
we have to do my parents reacting to the
new One Direction song because people
been asking me about it for the past
like 20 days I think it just came out I
watched the video it's cool but there's
not much to commentate on I'm gonna try
my best people have also been really ask
me for reaction to a Rihanna
but um money and I really want to react
to that because there's so much to
comment on in that video but the reason
I've been hesitant is because there's no
way for me to display a censored version
of that video the video is so vulgar
aside have to like a disclaimer because
my channels obvious very PG I'll figure
it out we'll see first that's P so
haven't done anything since I last blog
and I'm procrastinating and it's now 913
and I just remember the goal for today
was to finish all my tasks with focus
and determination I'm shutting the F up
getting up and making a video let's do
it Oh goodbye Lee hello
cha okay goodbye you loo here hillock
what's up ese huh yai let's edit this
thing I I posted the video it's out we
did it we finished everything we had to
do today if you wanna check out is my
parents reacting to drag me down by One
Direction link is in the description
i'ma go to bed now by bed I mean and we
were like house shop I'm just obsessed
especially for seeing like Bethany's
places today I'm like oh my god I'm so
excited I get my own place and if I'm
like gonna have some real talk with all
y'all like it's gonna somebody bad I
kind of want to go back like y'all my
friends and family there I miss him so
much like this trip in particular I just
feel like I really don't to go back
there's so many things we keep doing
here and like so many clubs I can do it
I'm just like so in the work zone and
I'm so like I think my mind is just like
made up that I'm gonna move here so like
it's like really difficult to go back
because oh no I love home talking me
wrong I love Toronto so much my favorite
place on the planet but I'm so
productive here anyways whatever I'm
gonna go to sleep will forget out
tomorrow Wow my freak kid I forget
forgetting our piercing I keep
scratching it um also my tattoos I
totally healed like not even thing I
basically have superhuman skin I'm gonna
shut up now ready thanks for joining me
on another Duty was awesome tomorrow we
are going to go shopping for an outfit I
know I know I'm going to the Janoskians
mockumentary premiere and this red
carpet I mean I don't
again don't out of it so I'm after grab
something for that I do want to work I
have a few phone meetings and everyone
to the premiere and I'm going with King
King is my date so yeah if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
do you miss my camera excited and I'm so
great and we're getting our ears pooling
together holes in the body I was its
first time we've legitimately chill
together now is getting seven million
piercings
