I'm strategically standing here because
the lighting is oh boy good morning how
are you I hope you're well I hope you're
swell um today's gonna be an exciting
day I'm wearing a shirt you see before
because I realized a lot of clothes I
bought yesterday like I'm not
appropriate to wear anyway because they
kind of like long sleeve sweater type
things I'm actually heading to Connors
house
Connors house I'm very excited what I'm
clapping with Connor I mean although the
video will be released like next week or
the week after that
I love clapping with Connor let's talk
about this for a second I love
collaborating with people that like to
try new things and respect someone
else's vision and for the most part a
lot of people are like that but there's
a few people that are so he's always
open to my ideas I'm always open to his
and I feel like we have great chemistry
we work together a lot of fun and he's
just an absolute sweetheart so I went to
his house I'm excited about that
clapping with him then
I've decided today my goal is to do
something productive do something fun
and do something spontaneous these are
my three goals today so productive would
be shooting with Connor coming home
doing a bunch of work uploading my vlog
sending a bunch of emails writing some
more scripts something fun I'm Beth and
I are trying to coordinate chillin today
so hopefully I get to show with her and
some spontaneous will see I'm gonna try
to figure it out but for now I'm heading
to the grocery store got to get one or
two things for my class with Connor some
props and then we're headed to
yourselves lag out it's gonna be
fantastic it's not every day that you
receive a relaxing field scape with
wheat but when Connor sends you know you
do try to make people comfortable I'm
gonna shoot another amazing I'm self
programming it is amazing class because
you won't like lyrical app so much so we
decided to give you what you want also
write rice that's that's really nice
rice you got there stop it this this one
always complimenting my rice
look who's helping us shoot and YouTube
talks she's so nervous but she doesn't
need to be nourishing be so great but I
think this is good this is good
it's like learning all the tears of like
you know yeah good I got it we did it we
finished shooting and both these videos
released next week we did a mole of
super oh we also mentioned some Conners
video but we feel like we love collab
and together because we feel like we gel
well and we're trying to think of a
collab ship name so combo if you can
think of like and I was in frame I was
like wow our flash of name I think is
Tom Lee or Lana Lana
mm-hm legit something blow my friend
Tess laughing super fantastic fantastic
woman yeah so I done did something
productive and now I'm looking to do
something fun that was fun as well
actually saw those two birds one stone
but something else fun I think
spontaneous was that spontaneous
goddamn what a frustrating few minutes I
was like some of my biggest stresses in
life are carrying too many things like
gay and my car carrying my keys which is
like the key thing is huge
getting my wristlet my phone my charger
the drink might think I was mad first of
all problems but let me just break you a
little teacher though some of my self so
I'm carrying all this stuff kept falling
out of my hand and I was getting super
frustrated you know one thinks he
following my phone fell and I was like
getting together my hair is like in my
face like this so what I do in those
situations I automatically like force
myself to stop I get frustrated or flat
stomach stop do not get upset instead
problem solve
use your brain take this in this put
this in this bag take this in this plus
in your pocket walk up the stairs my
phone falls in my pocket box problem
solved what can you do differently to
change the situation so um I'm telling
you this because that's actually one of
the reasons I sometimes don't get along
with people I know I'm a eunuch um but
sometimes it's a very strong trait I
have so if we're in the middle of a
stressful situation and someone gets
really emotional about it it's not that
I don't care it's that I prefer to deal
with emotions later but in that monkey
okay instead of getting upset and
emotional
let's problem-solve but sometimes you
know you're being fitted no problem salt
palm Saul first see how you can improve
and be emotional that's my one minute
right before I you my chipotle huh let's
go do something spontaneous we're about
to do something spontaneous what are you
doing say oh my God we're getting your
ears pierced I try kisses are tragus so
right here this little single-a barber
you get pierced hi mom hi lovelies mom
it wasn't my idea I'm gonna get a little
silver sparkly ting ting right in this
little part meter in this little part
don't play in digit cheeky slide so the
two girls around is my turn next but
bath text saying she's on her way she
must've you when I get my ears pierced
and I'm gonna call her to get her ears
pierced as well so that's the plan for
him that comes we just waiting for her
you may open but apparently like I've
been here that's not that bad but you
know me I'm no flinch zones and you
remember this you remember this no Finch
zone
no no flame zone so I haven't even
gotten this pierced yet and Beth showed
up and almost hitting this pierce not
getting two piercing because I saw her
smell like yours looks fabulous
so we go with small trivial sponges and
as there is also debating another one
right we just getting everything Pierce
Rena can do look at this kind of doing
look on my cartilage which I've already
gone piers twice before and close both
times we're gonna try it this little
compact camera exactly the side down
through my makeup do you miss my camera
are you traded and is all great and
we're getting our ears pooling together
holes in the body I was first time we
would generally chill together now is
getting seven million piercings leftism
is standard for every other time to
chill I know we didn't like keep upping
musial tattoo next
okay everybody finish and now is my turn
no flinch zone oh yay
she has been hearing first kathandol all
my goals will mold no flinch Dylan right
no first absolutely
that's it you're knowledgeable swaggy
and physically swag
hey we doing both agree to go look and
you wanna take a look I would like you
to do whatever makes you happy
okay this'll look cool funny happy
they're taking people to the new corner
we got three one day yet I like it what
you like it I do that would definitely
work which one the other two guys really
see I can't dude you can see it boom
leaving here killing it killing it
killing it so I'm back home right now my
hair is already gotten all caught up in
my purse things but I had a great time
shooting with Beth I went to her place
check it out it's gorgeous
and I feel like a human being I was
telling her and I think I've told you
this before any time I do leisure things
I have this overwhelming feeling of
guilt for not doing works now I'm home
I'm like Frank I'm so much work to do um
but I'll I'll get better at that I'm
back home doing all the things I need to
do now which are a lot of things because
tomorrow is a really jam-packed day and
it's super Monday and I want to f it up
again so work cuz anima kindness mmm
steak up for weakness and i'm ba five
seconds from wildin mmm I got three more
days til Friday
mmm I'm trying to make it back home by
Monday Sunday Friday Saturday I don't
know anyways I just finished posting of
all it is so my laptop so I was on
Toronto time and my phone's always on
other day time so I'm always looking at
two times I'm moving a split life I tell
you it
I just 1250 am obviously not ideal time
to post a vlog so I've decided to enter
these vlog today so I can edit it for
tomorrow the tomorrow's vlog is not
posted at some rigid time like this so
I'm a nerd here thanks for joining me on
another day and glad we could spend all
these moments together I'd a really good
I saw Conners I'll back up piercings
that are already stuck in my hair
already gonna kill me not gonna be able
to sleep on this side of my face for
good six months but it's all good today
we said we want to do something
productive something fun and something
spontaneous and we did all of those
maybe I'll do this from now on like set
a mission the bidding of each day and
try to accomplish it if you liked it
subscribe if you liked it subscribe
we've hit nine hundred thousand
subscribers let's try to reach a million
if you like it subscribe
mary-kate
