today are the Teen Choice Awards good
morning I had to go downstairs and pick
up a parking pass who I have going mouth
I'm Russia but like I want to be staying
so put some gum my wagon outside yeah
what's up I've been approached talking
about um Savannah Teen Choice Awards I'm
very excited to go I wanna be walking
the carpet with my new publicist who you
may or may not have met but if she's
comfortable on camera we'll introduce
you to her she's wonderful and splendid
and then I might actually sit at the
show with Sarah which I haven't seen in
so long I'm so excited to see her so I'm
excited unwind have fun when I come back
home shall we have lots of work to do
but we'll talk about that later let's
enjoy the moment first Ashley and Renee
from Lana Steele you know these do my
hair and makeup remember I'm gonna come
over and do my hair and makeup first
thing I do you have to take a shower
because the black tea happy be clean or
if there's like a best party award I
feel like most cream ba to you like I
want to win my washing is converted
instantly into her work space I love it
so we're gonna do some fresh bomb make
up is actually always done I love it
let's do it I collect it all around no
all right so Ashley did it up as per
usual you know you know I look who's
here it's looking on hand some of this
Harold it is written is poppy yeah
before we do anything you have to say to
polar Chipotle ah all right let's do it
it's that time it's that I swear to god
this is the only reason I'm going to the
Teen Choice Awards so I get a call that
you could've done this best ever
look at Renee go so the beautiful part
of this dress I didn't realize when I
put my hair over here you can see my tat
just speaking out so this is the outfit
it's flowy the arms are like really cool
sandy did great job isn't that cute
little shoes flats for life that's
necklace got the swearing got these cute
little earrings every day held it down
puppies are sassy dream team and I'm
gonna take 700 selfies so Sara's here
we're gonna put the puppet a minute then
fun bit and look look at this look at
this on point on point kill it no
worries okay okay go to the sorry texted
okay
yeah I love this and the wrong idea
right now so this is the one fiery
towards Oh Jillian this is Jillian she's
wonderful and I love it which is a mini
fan got prepared she is right now
friggin great I love it I love it oh boy
when Tyler's here beauty pie hi oh my
god a music are you laughing - you look
so good it's my scarf a bowl a'chili ya
know what's going sounds good let's do
it he's so cute
it is so hot the highlight of the so far
that I saw paging shimmer Bay but it's
so hot and I'm sweating in all the wrong
places
smelly can't you make a new face
some people like all she's trying to do
right so you just play it how was it go
see yours
all right so he's walking in right now
I'm so excited I'm very happy wear flats
also Oh
every time I walk into when these things
they show weirded out by the fact that I
was the whole screen
like definitely cool though I'm
impressed possessed what show members
so dope
we're just chilling here I mostly came
because I heard those bar true true true
it is hot okay there's some big fabric
title stars near me and you don't have
no chill with this like life with
Derrick the job right over there
Brigid I can and frigging or Wizards of
Waverly Place Melina and I she is but so
many found the channel started
she's getting
she's talking a flash is John aha
oh my god PETA
it's PETA
thank you guys so much these award of so
much fun it's cool because you guys vote
on something I can't say not some
Academy and network or whatever that
happens but you're real people to get to
vote and that means a lot to me no The
Hunger Games you've been a huge part
about this kind of laughing at me
almost five years now and comedian is
kazow
simulate the commercial great
ah
so they announced web twice our comedy I
don't win but Miranda won and I'm so
happy
Miranda they're different people right
I love your choice my snowman is
choice web star female be bigger screen
that's debatable babe oh good that's is
babe look a clean she looks mad hey host
Teen Choice by just holding post wisdom
I love it there's another loser over
here - oh you also party - a people the
losers let's do one before a lot oh no
we're all winners
damn Internet post Teen Choice drink
going down yes
and I want to take an opportunity to say
I'm not bi thing as cameras I just told
Sarah this
I am literally honored to have lost to
Miranda I would have it no other way
I think Miranda deserves that award so
much
she's been newsrooms like seven years
six seven years something yeah she's
supremely talented and I even messaged
her and she's like oh my god she's
totally deserved when she does to you
- Miranda code yeah I freaking love you
so proud of Bethany as well so put a
bracelet also brought all my friends so
cool so awesome I'm telling them it was
so cool that were nominated but not to
be bummed if we lose because Awards are
not how we measure success the amount of
lives we change is how we measure
success I mean I measure success by
awards but what we do not do super I'm
so proud of all you dogs amazing
congratulations to all of you for being
nominating choice I freaking love you
all so much love more sentimental talks
later when I'm alone in my pajamas over
there Sarah took me to believe food
because I did such a good job today you
did you can eat hi Jess yes this is what
we're eating wrap mallow or it's my
second Malo now yeah that's the one
we're at a Mexican place and we're
eating food and this is what happening
zoop zoop and Sarah how do we measure
success or at how do we measure success
through the amount of live food catch
team super four days that's tough know
what stop him back home I just had
dinner and back home I got so much work
to do at the shoot but I'm G dis track
ah I let's talk about Teen Choice I'm
looking on Twitter a lot of you are
really upset I want to tell you
something and I hope you can genuinely
see through my I genuinely see through
my eyes I'm not talking crap if I was
talking crap you'd be able to tell I
don't talk crap well I only talk we'll
talk I am so I'm so happy that if I lost
to anyone that it was coleen coleen I
are great friends she's a great friend
she's a great human being I had I had
beat Coleen I genuinely feel like I
would have felt like I robbed her she
has been doing YouTube for way longer
than me she is so talented she's so good
at what she does and she totally
deserved to win and I am thrilled that
justice was served and that she got to
when Colleen gradually
girl I love you so much and I don't feel
any type of way losing to you if
anything is an honor to be nominated
alongside use those such a privilege
thank you so much don't feel
disappointed I'm not disappointed at all
in team super I never thought in my life
we'd ever be nominated for Teen Choice
Awards that in itself is victory do not
feel bad I can genuinely promise from
the bottom of my heart pinkie swear I do
not feel any type of bad
I don't feel disappointed I don't feel
sad at all I feel happy for my friend
Colleen I feel happy for everyone that
was nominated I feel happy for everyone
I'm just I'm so happy I got to be
involved in this so thank you so much
from the bottom of my heart for even
getting me to a place where I could say
I attended the Teen Choice Award that
makes no sense to me it really makes no
sense it's gonna go onwards and upwards
from here so thank you so much I'm so
proud of you team super you make me so
happy like so happy I love you so much
thank you I so T's days are done I'm
back on my hustle and grind I built the
tripod here and I got to finish the diss
track against bottom G that's what's up
all right so stray M I'm so tired I'm
not done the diss track I'm trying to
edit him trying to make it amazing and
I'm kind of realizing that you all four
have ideas ambitious like really need to
hire an editor there's no way I can
shoot by myself and edit projects this
big by myself like my rants and skits
and stuff I can do but like am i using
me a bigger like I need help there's no
way I can do this right now
so I finish as much as I could I'm gonna
fish most tomorrow I might get posted
really late on Monday but like this is
me learning I need to get another if
there's I tried to everything about
myself it's just it just can't happen
I'm or to sleep tomorrow I'm shooting
crab um can I tell you who it's with I
think I can tell you what's with know
saved us Rob I'm gonna shoot your club
tomorrow and tomorrow I'm also going to
Lindsey Stirling's show which I'm so
freaking excited about it sounds really
cool I'm ready to bed and then wake up
early and try finishing this but if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe congratulations I'm surprised
it if you liked it subscribe it's right
here the guys say and by the way nice
boobs I'm like what woo-wit
whoa I don't like uh and I was like so
confusing elevator closed Mike did that
guy really say nice boobs inferno
girlfriend on
