the airport is a zoo okay check out how
rammed it is okay - think that rammed in
this shot right here but it's so rammed
oh my god and I'm so tired sleep is no
longer like a want it is a necessity I
feel like I'm gonna die I need to sleep
on this plane right now look how ramped
it is stupid Air Canada finally through
security one thing I did not think of
when I got my new tent - was wearing
backpacks I've been for everything on my
right shoulder and it is painful because
I don't want to put anything on my left
shoulder I don't actually know what I
said first for my vlog I think I was
half asleep
I'm really tired like I don't remember
what happened five minutes ago just
looking around I'm in a daze I'm like
dunno what's going on these people over
here talking about me um yeah that's
what's up I need to get on this flight
sleep on this light get to my hotel
sleep motel that's what sir awesome my
shirt has Mickey Mouse on it uh-huh
can see by my eyes oh boy okay bye bye
alright I'm on the plane hit by seven
trucks I purchase a full flight so I
know I'm not gonna be able fly down but
positive thinking I'm a bit concerned
that when I get there I get there so
early that I don't think my hotel be
ready and II feel like I'll be homeless
for like three hours which I
what I need a bed that's situation right
now look like the
there is
so I landed slept the entire way I'm so
disoriented I just go to my hotel sleep
some more
we made it wearily California buddy I'm
very unhappy right now the place I
booked apparel is not even hotel even
though I booked it on hotels calm it's
someone's privately owned apartment
which is like whatever cool but like I
booked a hotel on hotels calm and since
clearly someone's apartment and so I
can't even like deal with hotel staff
it's the person directly I'm dealing
with which again I don't know why your
place we've got hotels calm we should be
on Airbnb or something so I have to
checking that for now it's 12 so for
four hours I've nowhere to go it's not a
hotel so I can't leave my bags here and
walk around movies stranded here
messaging everyone I know family and no
one is responding
I'm very unhappy right now I'm literally
sitting on the floor outside I don't
know what to do
my brains not working cuz I'm too tired
I'm very frustrated I've texted a lot of
people a few people just me back but I
feel like alyssia's gonna come to my
rescue so I was I'm gonna go to Elysian
house which is like kind of
unprofessional of me but like we're
pretty for friends at school but now
uber is down so my uber apps not working
so now I'm messaged humble all the way
in Toronto see he can send me an uber
and he just said he got it this is why
I'm so scared to move to LA cuz like if
these situations occur like I really
don't know what to do or who to call or
anything like that I'm stressed I'm just
I'm not happy right now but okay moving
on
I found shelter Alessia my Lizzie's
house and I'll have a sentimental talk
about this later but even on the ride
here I was like I just need to sleep I
need to sleep I'm gonna sleep
I'll speak soon alright I slept for two
hours hey this is a hero hey my friends
hopefully um maybe not
I lose he's so cute hope you got some
wrestling snacks in the fridge so
freaking cute I'm gonna head back I'm
gonna head to my hotel okay and she even
left snacks for Hiro just in case he
barks I am so unimpressed with this
booking right now it is five the
check-in time is for the call the guys
okay I'll be there in five minutes sick
gonna wager all days check into your
place that's not a hotel I was on hotels
calm you know your hotel that's not a
hotel I was on hotels.com this place
better be amazing inside
amazing better have a friggin yacht in a
unicorn and a friggin hot tub filled
with friggin sour cream and grab fine a
freaking ly okay this is the place that
I got just cool I can go grocery
shopping the thing is nothing is nearby
you
I can't walk anywhere what he spent more
on uber than a car would have been
because it's back and forth getting
strategy I'm so frustrated I'm sorry I
don't mean to be so negative I'm so
frustrating and this is the place it's
nice to cool place cool washroom got a
little balcony over here right see with
nearby here see a liquor store that's it
that's a good start right not to be
honest okay so we definitely had a bad
morning that's probably the worst
experience I've ever had in my life um
bad start to the trip half my day is
gone I suppose got so much work done I
still feel sleep because my sleep isn't
on off on off because I haven't been
able to just sleep properly in one place
I'm what are you sure wash my face
change the day turn it around and and
graduate and be like I control you here
we go let's do it okay I said it an
opinion showers fix my face a little bit
wash my face I'm going with some
groceries it's a stressful part about
this this place has no oil no salt no
pepper nothing so you only cook much I'm
not gonna buy like oil and salt and
pepper and like spices for three days so
I'm just gonna buy ones like
microwavable stuff um and things I can
snack on and I'm just determined to turn
my day around because there's too much
negative energy going down right now so
huzzah here we go
where your gross stuff go back go killer
it's only one things about to turn this
day around
jeepers he's doing we are gathered here
today to witness the union of two souls
I do
okay I'm back I'm officially losing my
freakin mind I think I don't you can
playing I'm tired like my short-term
memory is just like my ability to
function as a person first of all I want
to be here alone it's so hard to do
anything Carrie grows to do anything and
my neck and shoulder killing my one
shoulders were heard he gone I'm outside
in front of the apartment complex and
I'm literally just standing there like I
just came from here I told myself to
remember where to go but five minutes
outside being like I don't remember the
places that was in front of the
apartment thing I'm like I don't know if
I go left or right I don't know which
door or not the entrance
sounds like beating myself for that
because I'm like you just did this like
are you is your short-term memory that
like effed up then I'm in the elevator
holding this cake for reasons you'll
know soon why and holding these
groceries and then these people come in
elephants look oh cool cake he's someone
written like nine ounce per video yeah
and right so a girlfriend and boyfriend
so my god I'm so friendly so nice I'm
leaving I swear I hear the guy say and
by the way nice boobs I'm like what woo
whoa I don't like uh and it's like so
confusing other very close make to that
guy really say nice boobs in front us
girl friend I'm like y'all okay maybe
they have that kind of relationship
maybe maybe they have an open
relationship
I want to judge but I do call nice boo
maybe she goes to like guys and goes
like yo nice nice nuts and stuff I don't
freaking know and then I realized oh he
said boots long story short I'm losing
my mind losing my mind
ah God god dammit I forgot to buy rock
star ah dammit I'm gonna see if I can
walk somewhere close by I find it I got
where's this thing also as much as I can
I've gotten a bunch of band-aids and I
gotta put a new one on every day I'm not
gonna wear to see any choice oh don't
worry and it goes do you haven't heard
you guys came ask me what I was gonna
talk to a teen choice
I forgot I'm so excited to go there not
televising any of our stuff and I'm not
like they did the same thing last year
whatever ah my mad about it I'm cool
whatever I'm so excite to go either way
um dude effort we made it yo we made it
to Teen Choice nominations that's enough
for me yo f reject our log actually was
to show you something about la that I've
learned so rooms here don't have lights
like I know in Toronto like we have
lights in every room like not lamps like
lights like just just like this
these are rare like if you look in this
room there's also no light everyone
functions my lamp
here it's the strangest thing and it's
not good for videos um biacky rock star
x time next day man my neck is all types
of tense and freakin stress and you like
run some hot water over something's so
tense the time is it's actually not that
late well it's 12:00 midnight here but
at home it would be three so imma tired
I was supposed to do a bunch of work
today and I did a lot of stuff didn't
shoot anything I'm trying to I know my
limits I was like Sarah Mike can we move
around some things this week to give me
a day off because I feel like I need one
day to like kind of you know so I'm
trying to move some things around and
hopefully that'll ease up my schedule a
little bit tomorrow the Teen Choice
Awards
that's exciting actually when they're
gonna come over and do my hair and
makeup I'm headed to that like I said
nothing's gonna be announced at the
awards so you can still watch it reveal
see me I don't know either way I'll be
live tweeting it vlogging at
snapchatting it all that stuff so join
the party I feel like there's something
I had to tell you
alright alright I'm really sorry I know
I said that I was gonna post a superstar
a video Super Sunday video because I
didn't post on Thursday and y'all saw my
date today I was posted today y'all saw
my day today y'all saw a situation I'm
probably just gonna release a diss track
on Monday assuming we got her channel
back okay cuz coming some slack I'm so
sorry I've been dealing with chaos no
bruh I don't mean some lucky charms my
new copperheads
and then I will see you tomorrow a Teen
Choice Awards duck we made it we made it
we made it we made it we made it we made
it only we made it if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you're like a subscribe
no flinch zone
no Flintstone
