goodbye apartment I strongly dislike you
I am leaving this place I wonder when
it's Sara's friend's house who I just
met yesterday I don't like this kind of
trip I like to be independent and not
relying on people but the issue with
hotels I can't check in till three and
every time I've released somewhere it's
like 10 in the morning so this trip has
been not the best in terms of
accommodations and organization but
we're leaving right now the highlight of
my day thus far is that those two zebras
on my shirt making a heart this is the
home that has taken me in I just
finished editing my blog look who's here
if you'll notice there are only wears
all black or all white
I survived she only wears one of the
other and we have a meeting in a little
bit with astronauts wanna with Alicia
was my savior from a few days ago and
I've heard they're bringing me Chipotle
to the meeting is this true that's how
they get me there you see yes see I also
got this Nikki's new really cute about
it before I left her on him oh my god
like God I'm gonna go fix my face now
they met here also oh my god longer they
died
yeah well ashes one office we're gonna
talk about documentary related stuff
which I'm very excited about
I saw the Chipotle chocolate Chipotle
that's Alex Boye I didn't pull my weight
anyway we'll talk about that a second
look at this view though Wow
oMG so pretty and look at this they know
me so well how are you good to see you
look at this look at this look at this
that's how you win my love right here
okay I did not know baby was gonna be
here but there she is there she is I've
just got weird like I have a lot of
really cool friends here I was thinking
about friends here but like I have a lot
of really cool friends I dreamed of this
day I would sit in a meeting with the
Safinaz rice bowl with the head of a
table and it would talk about my tour
and documentary this is a dream come
true from arena brain to activate clear
that I'm acting right
shut it down shut it down right now all
right you know what's about to happen
right now I'm about to see a rough rough
cut of the virtual reality piece for the
tour dog I thought it excited Oh God
thank God no no oh my god oh my god so
these are signs use of Flash moss
wonderful yeah and I'm gonna sign them
so we can give them away I bet you're
not falling on snapshot there's the
information the Twitter and the hash tag
and map a Chavan but I'm Avril playing
along not a little more horrible okay
Rhett so I've been weird a place and
it's so la they have like weird energy
recovery shop boost is excelling okay
she got this what is this energy shop
this dish I came up for coffee is she
got a thing of salad okay
maybe drink that yeah actually no I'm
good I just make seeds smells horrible
not what I thought it was love yeah
that's really not good
god I'm healthy now hashtag marketing
thank God I with the marketing aren't
these people so sweet they let me crash
in their place and work here and now I'm
also gonna steal all their drinks they
don't even know it yet it's me great Oh
walk I mean over the Nisha ice looks
like to see any shame though I
technically just saw her in virtual
reality I wouldn't see in real life is
the whole thing um so I'm gonna chill
with her that's the stat you know this
lighting moment mask you look real
flawless right now yeah yeah I haven't
told her on camera can I just saw what I
just watched the virtual reality of our
show how was it dude I saw the show like
everyone else sees it like how big they
see you watching the show I saw all of
you guys I was like holy guys on the
huddle I thought everything oh my god
wicked I'm done very good some ad Tour
nostalgia going down right now with the
song yes way
maybe just the view of a screen
that's every time in the word Northridge
right mall called Northridge it's in the
valley and religiously every time I see
this store you know I gotta check on my
babe so hold on hold on look at me she
brought me gonna call the yard house
food at the yard house was a yard Osiris
was so good that vegetarian buffalo
chicken wings and like these truffle
fries and it was just we didn't walk
consumers have a good time back Anisha
salsa now we're gonna go in her jacuzzi
she has a pool jacuzzi so we're gonna
sum the jacuzzi for a little while I am
NOT opposed she's also gonna drop into
the airport I like 5:00 a.m. so she's
being so sweet I love her
um also her family so cool her dad
please look at the tar I was like in a
band and like her house is beautiful I'm
just I just cannot I'm just I feel so
lucky to be here and I was telling you
sure this like the most relaxing day
I've had in like a billion years I'm so
excited I'm so relaxed this is like what
it feels like to do leisure things oh my
goodness oh my god knows all so excited
oh my gosh his boy shorts where I don't
know what your kind of stuff I also our
boys oh that was he's just so cute her
family I felt like I was for the first
time ever home in LA like I felt so
great she's so sweet hospitable she's
even waiting about 4:30 a.m. shopping to
the airport such as we'd heard I'm gonna
go to bed today was such a good
much-needed relaxing day I feel so
re-energized and refreshed and ready to
take on all my work I gotta do in the
morning myself Syrians are heading to
San Francisco to do some things with
YouTube I'm only there for a day and a
half I'm really excited because I've
only been in San Francisco once for tour
but I didn't get to see you properly and
I didn't get to see the full House house
that's what we but for now Manhattan bed
thanks for joining me another day okay
cooking things to do while the things
are cooking
