what up t-shirt reference good morning
it is Monday and the weather is I don't
know what the weather is this beautiful
in it la it's always beautiful I woke up
at a really good time I wrote in a
complete script for the collaboration of
today that I'm shooting I'm not gonna
tell you with who yet um
you have to see when they get here I
posted a vlog and now I'm working on a
main channel video I'm being so
productive and awesome I even had
breakfast
I'm on a roll right now I even cleaned
the place I did the dishes I'm killing
it
fix my bed Who am I Who am I
taste fund a got a collaboration then
I'm going to Lindsey Stirling show which
I am stoked about because I'm a huge
Lindsey following Lindsey Fallon Club
Lindsey Stirling fan that's really
exciting I am so cool and tomorrow you
have a day off okay well I don't have
complete day I've have a meeting but I
uh
ease your day so okay I'm gonna edit now
get you I recorded this clip just to
tell you they didn't love you alright
let's take a look at my fridge
shall we it's over got my fridge left
over and gelatos two plums a rockstar
milk and sprite okay
amazing ice cream pasta woo I'll pockets
lunch
oh I do cooking welcome to another
cooking with Lily who I welcome to
another cooking with Lily today we're
cooking hot pockets
freshly made from the freezer what we're
gonna do first is you're gonna open it
up like that what that role is the sword
yeah Graham cooking the help Chris and
kit there's that Kerry thing oh my god
what will they think of next
I'm gonna want to get a plate okay cuz
if you look at a plate in touch with
your hand you're gonna bun up your
fingers okay
and all the time you should bun up your
fingers is when you touch your booty cuz
it's Diane by pupi fans get all that
cooking okay what do we do how do we
make this what happen unwrapped sandwich
cooking time make it hot what huh oven
oh no I don't wanna make this in the
microwave this is a toaster microwave
three minutes ten seconds don't tell me
what to do three minutes and ten seconds
still longer than all of my
relationships I'd like to know what if I
just put on three minutes and I don't
put the ten seconds well everything fall
apart my nose is it a cookie cooking
cooking cooking things to do while the
things are cooking
here we go cooking cooking BAM slam
that's what's up
call me Chef Boyardee but I got a
vajayjay so I'm chef girl Rd that's that
I'll be here all night folks that's
right alright so there's been a change
of plans I'm not shooting a collab today
I was very excited to shoot this club
and so I'm not gonna tell you this with
because I'm excited about clobbering
this person the reason why clapping says
I made a creative um long story short I
made a creative I realize not the best
creative for this person and I can't
think of a better creator but I don't
think I can do was in the next 30
minutes and it was suggested to me they
do a challenge video but you know I'm
really not a fan of challenge videos I'd
only do themselves like y'all let's
postpone this so that I can make the
best possible club and that I can like
do justice to it because I don't like
just going on this to land on something
I'm not about it so we're gonna postpone
that so sorry the anticipation soon
after work my bad I was gonna happen
those are my kicks some work done I can
post on Monday video this is good um and
I'm going to Lindsay showed a little bit
so I have the next like two three hours
to hang out which is like really
freaking good and cool and I'm down and
I'm bout it oh my god this is like
definitely my least favorite apartment
I've ever stayed in it has such
firstworldproblems that I shouldn't
complain about it's like everything
you're just so frustrating like there's
no vending machine there's no nothing's
like and I there's nothing walkable so
like I am so thirsty I have nothing to
drink I can't do the tap out here and I
can't open this bottle of sprite because
it's like sealed shot and I've been
trying was broke man so now I'm
literally gonna walk to the closest
Burger King just to get a coke I'm so
thirsty what is happening why
Oh should I get a burger - you see what
yes see what happens
oh my god I'm so excited that slushies
same thing happens for a reason I know
what you're thinking why'd you go slushy
guys not gonna quench your thirst gonna
be thirsty that's why I got glass of
water
looking at genius right here I let's
release the diss track doh let's do it
ha ha ha
also say f1 really is really sweet and
nice ever tentacle I know why people are
just so polite I don't know there's like
oh thank you after you knock he's really
good
wow what a pleasant day it's been mildly
relaxing I haven't been rushing around
everywhere I even lie down for 20
minutes not me get ready to head to
Lindsey's show I'm stoked about clear
this is a cat stop talking about it
look at my face did a little bit jam for
some Selena Gomez you know you know so I
got here my phone does that stop working
aside to borrow someone's phone to call
Sarah check it out Bay and everyone's
here Gracie rochester's your hand is
here Ingrid's here every shirt
it's gonna be so much fun I'm so excited
it's my phone work I'm always I'm always
stranded you know I'm always trying dude
this is our new thing vlogging each
other oh darn you understated me being
like I saw yours looks like a little
projector screen ok yours is way sexier
than mine though for sure well duh
I'm so excited for the show though I'm
at grace I saw grant since I had no
second grades I tested all times they're
here support it I got reward its two-day
party
I'm there's a lot sighted Joey's no no I
know if I showed you yesterday
oh no oh god I believe I'll true God
diamond he's better than me at
everything
hahaha look who it is it's me Jimmy and
his menus really cool I've never been
here
alright the Greek jaw really yeah that
Lindsay show and they already know how
much I adore let's go it's like a whole
thing the whole thing right now
they don't have hard liquor here so I'm
drinking a beer here I hate it so much
my goal is to finish this beer that is
like forecast normal for you
is that you so freakin cool it's like
well vo was in Toronto it's so dumb I'm
too excited I'm fangirling for Lindsey
right now
I love
My freakin God the best day of my life
holy crap I'm in the washroom right now
so I can't talk too much but I must tell
you so many things about Lyndsey show
I'm gonna have like a three-minute
inspirational round when I get home I
swear to god this is the best day of my
life I swear to God look one way it is
Oh God boys it may call it I don't know
how to perform in the same way for the
camera I'm spewing advice I'm giving
advice that's what they do your
knowledge so I'm home okay stop
everything we need to talk about this
right now we need to talk about this
right now I need it to be known and I'm
gonna have to ran for like three home
and it's about this I needed to be known
you heard it here first and probably not
the last time Lindsey Stirling show was
the best thing I've ever seen in my
entire life I'm so big on performance
arts I was at the edge of my seat the
whole time I turn into an ultimate
fangirl I was screaming my head off the
production the costumes her energy her
dancing her passion everything I was
like holy crap I was so inspired by her
and I was like the whole show I was like
I cannot believe I call this person my
friend I felt so honored and so
privileged to call her my friend she's
so friggin talented and I was like holy
crap she's now my favorite youtuber if I
don't ask me who my favorite musician is
I'm gonna say Lindsey Stirling I in
whatever even told us in like in
whatever small way that I can help you
like I will support you till the day I
die I will retreat all her videos I will
buy all of her albums like she is just
so frigging talented and she blew my
mind today I do things for two reasons
to learn things and to gain inspiration
I got both of those from her show I left
her show feeling so inspired and so just
like out of this world being like holy
crap of one day I can be 1/8 as talented
as this girl she deserves to have a
billion subscribers and views like holy
frickin crap and I also really vibe with
her as a person like we get along so on
I feel like she's one of my soul mates
I feel like when this joins one of my
soul mates it was so good it was so
freakin good holy crap holy crap holy
crap she's so talented I'm so proud of
her I consider her one my youtube
friends but like admittedly we haven't
hung out that many times but the first
time we ever met like we just clicked
medicine you but like it takes a lot for
me to get emotional about things but
watching her show like even even though
I don't know that much about her and
like we've only hung out a handful times
like I was getting emotional just being
like I am so proud of this person like I
was just so proud of her I just can't
like she I just can't anyways that's I
need to pack my things I just check out
tomorrow I have no idea where I'm
staying tomorrow I have no hotel nothing
booked I have no idea I don't know this
trip is a disaster it doesn't matter
because Lindsey Stirling oh yes I'm
living that good life god bless Lindsey
giving me cheese and crackers this is my
dinner now and the water I got from the
uber uber that Ingrid Nilsen was glamour
Ozzie paid for I am living that baller
life right now mm-hmm
all right I'm all packed up for the most
part I'm gonna head to bed then wake up
and figure out where the hell I am going
as I do not know thank you joining my
another adventure um today was a good
day we kind of chilled out which was
true collab we don't really do a collab
we you know we got some work done we'd
Belize to diss track ins but um jeath I
saw Lindsey show I fell in love with
Lindsey I am a Lindsey Stirling fan a
Stirling eight I believe she calls them
um I said all the new ice cream so it's
been a good day it's been a good day if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
I was so weirded out by the whole screen
