humble dish mowett today we are shooting
a video I am playing the cameraman and
the leaves doing all the work
let's take a look at the disaster zone
known as Lily's room so if you figured
out a place to put some of our hats and
then we got more hats here is the famous
wall that you probably never see why she
ain't got nowhere to spend them I'm just
explaining so then why they never see
videos behind your popular background
anymore and then every gift that she
received on the world tour has arrived
in boxes Oh more boxes for comics so
Lily's theory is when she's an old crazy
lady as opposed to the young crazy lady
she is right now she's gonna sit there
and read all your letters open all your
gifts again and enjoy them because those
will be her glory days I know you're
trying to do shooting but cannot happen
why Cannot you see you know my parents
are upstairs right now and it's kind of
difficult when people live in the house
to be like stop existing and walking and
breathing and talking so now we're just
waiting difficult as I explained to
humble that when I moved to LA this is
one of the benefits is that I'll be able
to shoot if you hear a random noise we
also made a promise today
humble and I then we're gonna spend more
time in my backyard sitting on the grass
yes I as you heard before I love sitting
on the grass and I love connecting with
the native songs are no bugs nature okay
so we're gonna spend more time in the
backyard and sitting on the ground
you're spending fresh quality air time I
always go barefoot I never wear shoes
you're both about that life
yeah man what a chaotic day so I
finished shooting the humble right after
I had to do my have interviewed People
magazine so I did that I'm supposed to
add at the developer don't give it to
them but now me and sander you're headed
to go shopping for Teen Choice which by
the way I'll update you on in a little
bit but that's what we're doing right
now Sandy's gonna pick myself they
talked to them let's inspiration what's
the idea what do you think and what's
going on she knows I can't walk in
yellow so so we're thinking of something
obviously bad money because lily is bad
my bonnet color lots of color because
it's a Teen Choice and Teen Choice is
always colourful flats something yeah
I'm thinking two pieces I want to stay
away from a dress this time because we
did a dress already so I'm thinking of
two pieces where am I supposed to look
oh but I look at their all time okay
comment below and let us know what you
guys want to see Lily wearing hey let's
do it all right so our progress thus far
is I got an outfit got jewelry
Sandy's holding it down literally I just
stand in the store cluelessly and she
just goes around picks out things looks
like yeah that's cute I'm not a fan I
like that is she just a bomb it just
makes my life so easy some great doing
great he's gonna look
you guys better all be I'm gonna look
like butterflies now I didn't even hide
and you would know it's a sign maybe go
and ask them something now have your
shoes and a clutch okay you saw my room
right you saw I can't afford to get any
more things cuz no space okay tell me
why I'm buying the shoes right now do
any of these shows no are they look for
the word show no absolutely not I just I
just really like the shoes cuz look how
cool but they're so boss and all my
visions and also sandy does not own this
hat which she's been wearing your heart
on this tour wheeze back home kg killed
it killed it I'm really really excited I
didn't show you in the vault I'm wearing
I'm not going to you have to wait until
team choices yeah humble stayed home and
killed it with some work like an old you
killed it like a sick guy is the same
guy right here he's a sick guy he killed
it never good on you pizza to celebrate
all of our accomplishments my my eyes
love what up cope we're friends so yes I
wear that wear the same clothes every
day uh even though I have a billion
guess what time it is I am so eleven
thirty already I just got back home and
it's work time I got edit yesterday's
vlog that I haven't done yet so I'm
gonna do that then I got a whole bunch
of other work to do then somehow my room
has turned into a disaster again I just
II Mophie son shout hoped so tote so
like I said yesterday's vlog trace that
day where everything gets chaotic I've
so many deadlines happening right now I
gotta send this video to tell I gotta do
so much stuff for you to fan fest like
all the these are stuff to get like and
everyone keeps emailing be like we're
waiting we're waiting on my ah Tony
deadlines half of your ones I what you
don't mean do I'm just gonna my left and
kill it right now
let's do it beast mode rah you know I
always try to this light I always be
trying to like it's just it's just it
just it just wants to you
to be part of the team super family it's
okay you know what you're there you go
you're part of it that's time no I got
work to do
that's right holy crap man there's so
much work to be done in Sapporo yeah I
mean I'm like feel like I'm rushing as
if I had to I say that's like due in two
hours or something um just finished -
Trillian visa stuff just booked my
flight for LA the problem is jazz and
Sarah both on vacation Sarah's still
messy you mean stuff with jazz like who
knows where her fault Wi-Fi is like all
things I would do plus all things she
would do or falling on me like I'm not
as fast booking flights and doing all
these things I'm not used to it so I'm
just like the vlogs and stuff that
facebooking stuff I can deal with all
that stuff is just like the flights and
logistics and visas and stuff like I
usually don't do that stuff so sure man
break
I always smudge my mascara I just
totally forget I'm wearing at you oh
okay it's 5:00 a.m. 5:05 a.m. usually
I'm in bed trying to sleep at this time
I've got a schedule so posts and then
I'm gonna jump in bed accomplished a lot
of work today it was like working like a
wild dooor me just like company's going
I feel like I could pull it all later if
I wanted to but no tomorrow I got a
tomorrow is different I do a lot of
things I want have time to do later so
tomorrow I'm gonna work on my Thursday
video because there's they have a photo
shoot and I won't have time to do it
hopefully if all goes well it's gonna be
the bungee put him take the diss track
that she's gonna write I mean that
Lilly's gonna write about bottom G right
I'm movie right I'm Lilly write that
Louise get it right how's that that's
gonna happen I gotta go to my accountant
to get some paperwork that my lawyer
needs I have to oh my god I've been
doing nails at some point after prepare
for the photo shoot which is the next
day um I have to do something for a few
clubs like I need you something for a
rhett and Link I do something for Jack
Douglas as well a lot of things to do
basically but for now I'm gonna finish
up and I'm gonna head to bed thank you
for joining me on another day or you're
also my hair is falling out also huge
shoutouts to Humble and Sandy for coming
over and helping me today good friends
hard to find for absolutely nothing
humble came over just taught me shoot a
video
sandy came over just to help me salad
outfit they don't have to do those
things they do them just because they're
great friends get off my show so huge
shouts them thank you so much guys
I'm gonna head to bed join me tomorrow
for another day thank you so much for
the honestly thank you so much for
taking the time out of your day to watch
my vlog and see what I'm up to and enjoy
the family and spent a family time means
a lot to me so if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe
the one time I straighten my hair you
know chop
