hi honey Inga morning do you know
Happy's to wake up next to someone you
love is that a song I know I made it up
good morning it is not morning like
usual it is actually 2:45 p.m. you last
night I struggled struggle to fall
asleep more than any other night I think
I was awake until like 7:00 a.m. or
something just tossing and turning
tossing and turning
I'm finally up to have an interview so
I'm going to picked up at 4:30 p.m.
driven to a studio and I'm going to be
alone in a room speaking on live
broadcast to people in Australia so I'm
a little bit nervous about that because
it's a bit different but I've done
something like that before as well so I
think we'll be fine I'm more just rest
at the fact that I'll just shoot my
whole day because it's gonna take so
long to get there and so long to come
back and I see you all I have work to do
I probably get up take a shower and look
presentable I'm thinking about
straightening my hair even though like I
haven't done that in so long cuz it's so
much work I'm debating that's beer I'm
gonna wake up not do anything let's
see-oh process straightening my hair I'm
sweating it's such a workout um but
listen listen told you the song so smart
and my jeep's
I'm at my interview and I'm already lost
her hello hello
basically I read 30 minutes early so
noms Kristen's chair for 30 minutes but
this is why the interviews gonna be one
way in this very fancy room alone by
myself no I'm like so weird so weird but
whatever also fill my chapstick I don't
I forgot my chapstick at home and now I
just feel like I can't do the injury
it's basically was gonna happen is I
have this thing in my ear where I'm
gonna be able to hear them from
Australia I'm gonna speak into my mug
mic and they'll be able to hear me but I
can't see anything it's gonna be tricky
I've done this before but I've always
been able to see the people so new
experience hey let's look at the magic
of green screen this is what it is what
this is gonna look like Wow magic thank
you
my Eugene it's good thinks I'm so weird
all right I'm all done I'm not gonna lie
that was super super short I was like
three questions it was like really
Elementary I was like how do we make
videos and how do you feel when you see
fans and all that stuff and sometimes
during those interviews I kind of want
them to ask me like larger questions
like asking might or asked me what my
documentary ask you it was fun and it
was cool I'm definitely in you thank you
so much definitely a new experience
because it was challenging in the sense
I can usually I can see myself and see
them like I mentioned that sunshine in a
mango but I couldn't see myself or them
and I was like really stressed because I
was like dude I don't know if I'll be
able to understand their accent just
through the headpiece because I can't
even read their lips then right
it was fine and it was fine it was cool
and it's over and now this sunshine just
takes them selfies be heartbeat all
right back home time to go back to bed
JK I have way too many ambitions for
that please let's get to work also I've
discovered why don't like straightening
my hair I know it looks kind of like
cool I stopped straight my hair like
years ago because I let it get wavy and
wild and I just do this kind of crap
when I don't straighten it um so I told
myself this whole frizzy wavy thing
that's my new thing and I agree with
that reason why well my hair straighten
it's like stresses me I know what it is
it like I always feel the need to keep
doing this to it because I need to look
a certain way I can't have that same
wild appeal unless I can and I'm just
like tripping out maybe I can and I'm
just confused but like even doing the
interview like I'll keep my neck super
straight because I want my hair to like
get out of place because like I fee like
one is straightened it gets out of place
it just
maybe that's just me you tell me I never
straighten my hair because I like to do
this to my hair and I like it you like
wild and crazy but maybe it looks okay
straighten like that into combi what
chucked it what do you think yeah okay
so I just spent the last 20 mins crying
because I was talking to my mom and I
got emotional about something and then I
went to fix my makeup when I'm okay now
back smiles um I've started I'm gonna
bring my computer back upstairs
so lolly what you say and Oh lolli what
you saying yeah you don't want to get
straighten lolli nah nah I remember my
computer upstairs
um and I'm gonna get some work done it
is 7:30 and I haven't done much um so
that's what's happening all right change
of environment here we go this is the
new workroom for now at least I don't
have to stay at home I do have to
conserve for I can have any story of my
life story in my life so I just sent a
massive email to sandy Sharon and the
photographer's because I'm arranging a
photo shoot for August 13th because I
need some new pictures because I've used
all the pictures a million times I'm
really excited um so Cara Delevigne has
become like my go-to for everything and
I referenced so many of her pictures and
so much of what she does so um yeah
that's the vibes I'm getting work done
change of environment I'm telling you
that's what's that's - with you
that's my hammock action and now I'm
gonna do a little bit more work um
tomorrow is video date she'll tomorrow
is also my sister's birthday
ah it's 12:06 oh my god hold on okay so
I wished my sister I have no idea what
to get her I mean she's so hard shop
workers she can't like she has
everything and also like every idea I
think I'm like she has three kids how
long's she gonna go here how long she
gonna do this she's a newborn baby like
I'm thinking I gotta get her tickets to
something like be able to go um yeah I
don't know I'm really struggling you
guys get her food can never go wrong
with food hmm so you might have realized
I'm like the least fabulous person
around like I like don't know what name
brand so I mess with my cousin I'm like
hey like what name brands would TLA cuz
t like
likes fabulous stuff so my going through
Tiffany and Co right now and the last 20
minutes I've been going through like
bracelets and then I'm alone I snuck the
price I'm like why what it's not okay
I'm blessed enough to say that it's not
that I can't afford it it's about I
would never spend it up but like I'm
looking at this bracelet it just looks
like a regular bracelet it's $1,200 I'm
like why why why is this a thing how is
this a thing how why and then there's
some bracelets that are just like some
necklace I just literally just lace just
like a like a necklace it's like there's
nothing which is 800 ollars and what for
what like okay maybe this is me and I
don't get it
but I don't get it I don't get this I
want to buy her cupcakes that's I I just
don't understand you what's up hours
later I'm still in the same spot I send
a bunch of emails and a whole bunch of
work I read an entire film script oh so
I did a lot of oh what's up baby what's
up yeah yeah okay Mama's gonna be tears
and oh I'm sorry Simone if you are um
what was I gonna say right I did a whole
bunch of work um it's what time is it
3:09 course like usual my head's
starting to hurt so I'm gonna lie down
for a bit
chill off a bit read a little bit go to
bed um tomorrow is video date it was
also my fault today technically his
video day it's also my sister's birthday
so I'm gonna try to get her a gift um go
to her house probably make a video for
super Monday um yeah a whole bunch of
other really cool fun things and I'm so
glad you get to join me um yeah I'm also
going to LA on remember house like I'm
home for so long oh my god I'm actually
leaving very very soon so on August 15th
I'm headed to LA because the Teen Choice
Awards on the 16th you haven't voted yet
make sure you vote um I'm kind of
interested into how they're gonna martyr
these votes and I'm like a lime a little
bit a little bit skeptical about this
whole process and how legit it is but
positivity always I don't care it's me
cool to go anyways um I already
explained to you why winning would be
great but it's not everything
but we won't get into arena um so that's
what's happening and then yeah so that's
happening in a photo shoot coming up and
I feel like these days where I don't
have much to do even though I do a lot
is they're gonna come to an end very
quickly because my life is gonna go view
again so I'm glad you to come on that
ride with me one more thing
third thing if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
