Oh Aloha welcome to leasing Casa we
hustle harder and sometimes house alone
a because absolutely do we up here in
Hawaii and here's the mission for today
you guys gotta go through my inbox I
gotta kick them created for twelve
collapse a little bit tipsy you know I
gotta do a basic whole photo shoot I
gotta spend some time on my team and I
gotta relax a little bit so whatta
please leave over the authority so
productive welcome to Hawaii
even on the beach we got to work I'm so
grateful to call this my office today
I'm about to write some creatives and
then as soon as I send that email egg
conquer and all the friends
oh right just send my first bit of
creatives give me the points and all the
love of my team the back there right
look at us when Hawaii is amazing view
but they're still all doing work but
they're all like going up to each other
beer and they're happy okay so about
this thing about this video and hey
about this environment is where you can
all be passionate about something a
matter where you are one of the office
or why and still get worked and still be
productive
way to go your family is migrating you
need this water is colder than your
mother effin soul and heart hole I swear
to god these Baltimore melted in this
damn water I swear it is so cold
do not be fooled homie oh it's that time
we I think basic hopeful sugars waters
hella cold but I'm gonna pretend like
it's not here the BTS it isn't Black
Friday anymore why you serving us those
discount looks hot fudge sundae it's
also a full beach people looking at this
Cinnabon oh yeah hot fudge sundae new
pose
Oh with some whipped cream on top Lily
there's a hot guy on the beach
this is two more lines on Hawaiian
making more memory things that matter to
people you love and make you happy
cheers to all of you thank you for being
here I adore you all for life these hoes
right here he chose his peeing in the
water right now these hoes is peeing in
the water right now nasties hey yo ho
how's your bladder
how's your bladder this is not the
previous take just loop it another shot
many hours later many drinks later let's
do it stop Jack Jack Jack down down down
down more lies more lies more like take
a moment and listen to natural birds and
ocean why not listen you you too when
you try to fall asleep I'm so privileged
to be here my mascaras running but I'm
gonna shower up get ready were about to
learn how to make some drink and then
we're gonna go to work mode because yo
12 claps I know if you're talking about
it I wish I could just tell you
everything my brain but I can't I can't
let's get ready
when you imagine
all right who's gonna make me a dull
flower crown beautiful it says it's so
beautiful I think you're the prettiest
flower here Denton did it and didn't did
it and didn't yeah your snapchat realize
now one of the hardest parts with my job
is walking away from people that are
having fun to go do work it all playing
pool right now I really want to play
with them but I got to write some
scripts and I have to do it and you know
what i mighta complain about it cuz in
my life in Hawaii and I get to do
wonderful things because of my work
ethic so I don't want to make it weak
right now let's get to work me writing
this trader right now let's see how many
times it takes to do that from here to
follow what the answer was for all so
sudden gay speaking of days tomorrow is
our last day in Hawaii like how this
time fly this is live footage of time a
little bit of writer's block with
writing this creative but I'm gonna
stick to it and then I'm probably gonna
fall asleep while doing is I'm gonna end
the vlog right here today no work is be
putting we had a good leisure day though
not all our drinks with a little bit of
pool a little bit hot hovering all
dressed up for you let's see how it
Donna stop when you're watching this
video you're what's good pimple of good
pimple y'all good y'all feelin good how
would your dad we did was terrific
comfortable every 90 day was I actually
read through almost all the comments on
my videos like maybe not all minute
saturation but I always go through the
first several several several several
several comments or maybe this'll be
good several but I check out come let me
know I will check it out just mouth if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
ohana means family
ohana means family ohana means family
ohana means family
ohana means family
ohana means family
