one of my least favorite things to do on
the planet is pack a car breakfast
Nutella on the go okay so I am running
late as per usual actually woke up
thirty minutes late but I told him I was
running 30 minutes late what happened
was I do one of those classic let's
press snooze and then wake up and then
friggin I ran but just took a shower
have everything packed this is another
one of those things that I'm convincing
myself oh if you live in LA this would
be easier because you're gonna pack last
night and then as loud as you wanted to
be it not had to be quiet okay stand by
stand by okay I'm extremely followed
right now so I put myself I'm gonna calm
down for a second cuz my energy is bad
my energy is bad it's okay if I'm lay at
the shoots not gonna be good for my
Energy's bad so bring it in I woke up
with like allergies woke up was like
things all over the place that I
couldn't organize last night because I
couldn't be loud not an ideal situation
it's okay it's gonna be a great shoot
it's a big good day this is in my
control I choose how I feel I am
choosing to feel happy and calm it's
called me drive there it's gonna be good
so good let's go to a photo shoot let's
go all right so I made it flawless right
here
Sharon you Megan she does all my
fabulous makeup she's doing my hair in
August Andy's not here yet cuz there's
like two and one combo my friend I am
bam bam
and now he's about to do my makeup so
the first look we're doing is like a
soft very like natural refresh type of
thing right that's what that's what
that's what we do look at this flawless
artistry a girl she kills it every
single time every single time kills it
I'll put her link in the description
obviously then look who it is it's the
photographer's y'all and the hair is
good longer every time I see this guy
over here trying to compete with me
alright we bout to do this tag
and I'm a just a second Thanks okay so
tell them I the hardest shots for me to
do the ones where I look like a normal
human being like I can't look like a
normal human being and smile in a
picture that weird look and do stuff so
it's like so difficult I love instant
pictures and these guys I'm making me
look awesome and this will make me look
this is all them all the many double
taps are gonna Instagram with all that
right huh I'll show you a sample one so
my good one where I don't look like a
hot mess he's like oh I don't know like
I'm so innocent in these pictures though
do they know okay so now we're changing
it to a more dramatic fun less soft look
and what are we gonna do here I keep
using the word smolder I don't actually
know what it me or that I don't really
know what it is but is that the term
smolder shadow yeah politically true
true true true also if you can see
yesterday this phone case doe this phone
case also look at this one I'm gonna use
in the shoot you have all my stuff laid
out here it's got these teddy bears ago
shoes okay sure just leave this also OG
right here
the queen of organisation y'all this
stuff goes funky in here as well have
you got clothes and stuff lined up this
is like a whole thing very important to
surround yourself with a good team they
seal it off fabulous to work but that's
why I loved I loved I loved all right
let's do yo second look bad her day we
went over all panty line is here skg
stand it up we got a great backdrop this
time and we gonna be a fun now
it's like a hood music ah now yo so he's
done with this look and now we're doing
a photoshoot that kind of mimics the
style of a photographer named Terry
Richardson which admittedly is known to
do some pretty x-rated stuff but that's
not what we're gonna do today right
there's no one who today but it's like a
type of like lighting and vibe yes - so
tog Rafi it's like really like
rebellious and like edgy and stuff and I
got my dream - no my shirt there's no
filter what a powder Hannah memory grace
reference so finish the photo shoot it
is time I always look at this is it a
thing what time is it over time a good
time a good time why don't I freaking
check my phone it's 5:40 so we're still
send out five five forty that's amazing
time
headed home it is videoed a guy do a
video I really enjoyed this photo shoot
because I loved working there friends
like I love working with I've been
working with so many new people recently
which is awesome that I love meeting new
people but once the last night is like
good yo also I told my crew
have fun and take pictures and it's good
because there was no like rigid
deadlines like I need this amount of
pictures this amount of look there's
like y'all let's go much the Cantor cell
phone with it I don't lay a good time
with that so alright so I got home and
so help me God another package for me
and it says adidas Canada so it's gonna
be another first I'm not complaining
because these are great
misuk Pharrell's you think yep Pharrell
Williams you think anything you think
alright I see something colorful already
cool
I see that's pretty cute
they're black shoes the Pharrell's new
shoes and have green laces inside
there's a cool pattern alright inside
they have like the know you massage
one's foot and controls all the parts of
their body
so apparently suppose to be like really
good for you to me my god this is a cute
shoe thanks Anita scandal mom okay super
cute I just realized what is green one
is yellow that is so cute I love it oh
man the struggle is real right now I
just ate something I really want to lie
down real lie down for 15 minutes then
video and I got a lot of work to do not
to tell you by the way tomorrow
tomorrow's vlog actually not tomorrow's
a lot cuz my gloves one day behind but
tomorrow I'm getting a tattoo humble and
I are getting a tattoo I'm gonna join us
as why was getting one I'm getting
something right here just have to wait
and see what it is but yeah that's
exciting
mmm you what's the time is 11:00 and I
just woke up from a nap and accident on
that because I was absolutely dying I
still feel like I'm dying I feel so
tired and I am so tempted to go to sleep
and not do video because I'm so tired
that I actually like puke you like I
feel good about the situation some
debating I might go to sleep and post a
video tomorrow but I have so much things
to do I just definitely don't be tired
tomorrow morning and miss my tattoo
appointment and also I don't want to be
falling asleep during my tattoo
appointment cuz I think I should be
alert without happening but I'll keep
you posted
alright let me break down the progress
for you it is 2 or 9 a.m. I woke up for
my nap totally disoriented fully saying
that you know I'm not making a video I'm
not doing ever I have to receive um and
I wasn't gonna do anything I am dying to
release the diss track towards bottom
jeath on Monday but for me to shoot that
I shoot tomorrow with my friends I'm
leaving on Saturday so I knew if I don't
record the song tonight it would not
happen even on Monday so close to me
like f everything I'm glad to sleep I
don't care then I was on Instagram and I
thought Dwayne's caption and he's like
multitasking working and doing this
doing that and I was like Greg Duane can
do it I can do it so I got up I shut the
F up strapped on my big-girl boots and I
wrote the entire song and now I'm gonna
move my computer back downstairs to
record it cuz I can't record my room for
the parents sleeping
then I'm going to respond to some urgent
emails then I've told myself that if I
complete the song and send it I'm okay
with the possibility of not releasing a
video today because I can still release
a video tomorrow however I can not send
this song to Ellie tomorrow so that's
way more detrimental I'm not doing a
video video I could always you know post
it Friday worst case scenario because I
feel like if I do the video also tonight
it's just to be an all-nighter and I
don't think my brain has a capacity to
do that so that's my current status I'm
really tired but it's got to get done so
I'm gonna shut the F up something
waiting about it and let's make it
happen
all right let's do the damn thing you
know wear the same clothes every day all
right it's 347 am I just special corn
song I'm gonna send it to Ally now I
really like it I really like I'm really
happy I waited a little bit more and did
it really sit today I'm really happy
about that
ah yes that's progress alright it was
4:30 I need to be up by 9 that's 4 and
1/2 hours sleep but I really think I
should wash my hair I noticed on the
merge station but the amount of
hairspray it's absolutely just like
fuels gross I have a lot of makeup on me
and stuff I think I should just quit a
car
hop into bed and I'm just gonna do
emails until I fall asleep I also to
print out my tattoo okey-dokey smokey
the time is 450 - I'm math check emails
until I fall asleep
and tomorrow I am waking up early to get
a tattoo with humble anamur then I am
debating when to do ask Superman live I
already announced 5 and I'm thinking
threes I go way better idea
no not 3 sorry actually no I'm thinking
a lot sorry so how to tattoo then I'm
meeting with ugly because he wants to
introduce me to his friends then I have
asked super own life also I'm gonna
invite over some friends who I don't
know who they are yet but to be part of
my district a lot of things happening
wrong I also prepare next morning really
early I go to LA oh my god I would have
to leave my house at 5:30
which is when I sleep so I probably
won't sleep to head to LA then I'll
sleep on the plane and Sun all right
then um thanks for joining me on another
day sorry my brain is broken thank you
for joining me on another day and I hope
you join me again tomorrow and you hope
you're watching this and you haven't
subscribed yet to the second channel if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe so I'm looking for a suitcase
to pack stuff for tomorrow shoe and I
find a suitcase I'm like sick I open it
it's full of my clothes
