I woke up like this I woke up like this
okay wait dinner wake Levison and kind
of didn't wake up like this I woke up
like this because I woke up with that
but I've since gotten up taking a shower
done my makeup fix the bed then I came
back here with the bat to do this scene
so like I did wake up like this but like
I can't cheat it at the same time so it
is the next day I am still walking
around with a bat even though it is very
clear to me that no one is in my house
because I've been around my house many
times but still now I just feel like
it's an extended part of my body and I
can't let it go I woke up and I just did
a little few work things I had to do
because I have deadlines and now it's a
workday I have a call with my lawyer
about immigration to move to LA and how
little time is like she did I miss like
all the time is it it's 3:15 okay so I
have a call for 30 ask that today I'm
going to Rick's house cuz he's gonna
haven't worked with Rick and so long and
I miss working with him he's probably my
favorite one my favorite video people to
work with so I'm gonna go to his house
we're gonna have a little bit of a
meeting about an upcoming video that I
want to do and yeah just it's a Friday
so you know we're going to be gonna turn
up
we'll use some final cut if you have
some popcaan I maybe do some emails turn
up that you know what's up unless
me and Rick get drunk in which case none
that will happen but you'll stay tuned
we interrupt this program for a paid
commercial nature
think about it and we're back time to
make breakfast should I live in the
fridge what happened welcome to another
episode of cooking with Lily today we
gonna make a nice combination of things
Paula what's up what's in the combo what
up t-shirt reference add whoever bought
me this shirt though that's what we're
gonna make right now we're gonna make a
fake meat but not fake turkey a fake ham
that thing I got basically I got
cardboard right here I got this cheese I
don't know what type it is
it's is white I need to learn my cheese
this monster comment below this
mozzarella I'm precious matzah
it's white cheese it's Justin Bieber
cheese we got here okay
I got some whole-wheat Weight Watchers
bread because my mom doesn't buy a big
nice fat in it or thing in this house
got fat in it is me so what we gonna do
we gonna take off this little twisty
thing okay you're gonna take out two
slices you don't put it in the toaster
over there now you press that down yet
because I don't want that H to get cold
I don't press it down when my egg is
almost up what my egg yet oh I'll put
this egg right here first thing we
through this pan right here this fancy
pan with this red dot in the middle of
us B Indian where you gonna take some
off we're gonna put a little bit of oil
because we don't want no egg sticking on
no pan giving me no type of grief later
on okay oil if you don't have oil just
you know squeeze it out your hair we
want to get all over the pan now
suddenly I'm British we want to get that
out of the pan just like that like that
you see that look at that marvelous okay
my turn on this terrain fire fire fire
yeah yeah look at all that cooking right
there cooking I never pressed cord oh
thank god then we take this end bam and
bam
nothing all right there's a shot there's
a shell in it no problem Oh what show
would you call my no shell and this one
I use oh there's another shell hold up
what shall we try the Martha would know
tomato shell upper here what I usually
do to not mess up anything is I usually
take literally is what I do I don't know
why I take the egg shell and I hit the
yolk so I have to waste a fork to break
it huh and then you wash your hands okay
because Basia
now usually I would have like no fake
bake your mind gotta go like I guess my
food up I guess amuses hand I know which
ones hand but I'm guessing again haha
nobody gets shot mind an Apollo would
you do you mind your business over there
okay friggin sink fold out there's so
many things happening okay plankton I'm
sure you got the exact same place
because be real all of humanity has the
same plate you're one side you burning
on the side
like nah ok back ok let's get that
beauty right there look at that beauty
oh my god am I an entertainer or a chef
you tell me
alright now we wanna we're gonna get
there cheesy cheesy cheesy I'm a big
fish so cheesy
okay you won't look at it and think you
watching Twilight oh sure I'm not 50
cent we go
PAH okay that's my booty during a
friggin Ludacris song ham is smelling so
good it smells so good Wow yeah it's
getting all like crispy around the edges
that's what one crispy around the edges
okay like my elbows when I'm out in the
Sun or at any given moment I actually
learned this when I used to work at
Harveys yes used to work at Harveys my
first ever job okay I'll put the egg
back I'm gonna put the cheese on the egg
I I'm gonna fat amount for a second if I
had a penny for every time I was waiting
for cheese to melt my vlogs I would have
two pennies now to avoid the cheese
getting everywhere you already hold the
piece of bread Kim is what you do
another ham on top of that you find one
on you fly one on you won't lift it up
put the bread on top okay and then you
want to put the bread on the bottom look
at that sandwich no mess no cheese in
the pan I burned a little bit of egg but
whatever and there you have it
alright a ham cheese egg sandwich fit
for someone who accepts mediocre type of
meals actually might even be damn good
hold up members where's my water I do
not goddamn Matt take two advils already
woke up more I'd advil for breakfast
okay for you won't go with my period
boys you know what I'm talking about you
think I can't I can't
Cheers
mm-hmm-hmm-hmm everything's got a nice
crisp glowing ion that's what's in the
combo mmm such that a great call my
lawyer it's actually Nuala and she's so
helpful and wonderful I'm really happy
about that right now I'm doing Apple
support chat because my computer keeps
saying my storage disk is full but like
it shouldn't be I keep deleting things
um and every time I'm doing these things
and was like cracking jokes of the
person and the property said okay she
should have open this and I'm like oh so
like this dog and cat walking okay I
don't go that far but I cam I would try
to make you friends and stuff you by the
way Apple support I am I am continuously
impressed with you freaking amazing
support amazing look he's like drawing
things and I'm listening to anything and
clicking on those things so dope so dope
and my computer's fix just like that
freaking app sky interrupter bot buy a
jam it's like what my favorite songs of
all time oh yeah yeah well I don't have
a them
I feel chick come close to me she ain't
no magic past babe oh there's just so
many Somoza in this written spread right
now where could we be rick and i having
said detox sent you - i'm chavez guy and
so long man
sandy talks talking about our feelings
in ich good now I think we're gonna eat
something you're gonna be and I think
samosa is my only option
you won't make samosa maybe but if we
what if we like stop the samosa with
something different than this oh I see I
told him we should make a Chipotle
samosa in the works I told him we should
do this gonna be called Lily what would
it be called the lily I don't know
Cooper samosa super samosa mhm my god
really
Bing sound effects included included so
that last clip has inspired cuz I said
this when I said I'm like I'm Nigerian
but I feel like eating something like
chicken wings right now so now Rick is
gonna make something that's gonna remind
her of it this is that cooking blog I
cooked out earlier on my blog as well oh
sweet would you cook eggs impressive you
know remind you of a chicken wing
because I'm gonna bread it fry it and
I'm gonna make this beautiful
hot buffalo hot wing sauce and coated in
it and it's gonna be a party in your
mouth
but I love parties we're gonna we're
gonna I'm never invited to parties
let's have some fun oh my god I love
that guy's a genius he just made this
mush up right here it's mush up or
bricks that a reggae Jam he's a DJ with
food but up I said you're much more
focus on top so now he's afraid no you
know bread a fresh bread I'm gonna bread
it first and put a nice coating outside
I'm gonna fry it and then we're taking
that we're gonna toss it in a buffalo
wing and I'm gonna put it in my mouth
yes I'm never gonna enjoy I like this
idea Cheers
yeah okay yeah you know that let me
cheers here where's the camera
cheers if you're of age if you're not
then stop it so it's got bucket I all
ingenuine let you know that I only drank
when I became actually way after I
became of age way way way after I became
of it moment of truth I try this little
piece right here dead dead dead Dane
Dane Tintin Simon shirt like a
Manchurian ball Oh
yeah it wasn't a chicken wing that's
melting them all I could see no bit of
that like that yeah it's like a a
chicken wing for easy people I mean for
lazy people
I mean same to same um it's really good
yeah I like it I start frying them
alright I'm stopped accordion until my
copy was no kidding yo Rick how does it
feel to fart all the time feels great
and it feels great that you appreciate
my farts all the time this is one my
favorite human beings on the planet by
the way I love her
going to show up and she's so wonderful
and she's like the most jolly
spectacular person ever appreciated for
walk around like a pretty buzzes - y'all
know teams are my pillow I'm in love
with I think I should just before but
someone got me shorts that match my legs
are in shape so don't look too hard
uh-huh I'm homing out my stomach is
hurting girl problems hashtag I'm I
would have been I into a lot of work
today that's okay I had such a good time
catching with Rick and Joel I love him
so much Oh Damon down there my homie
since like back in the day like so
they're awesome and they're really good
people are so nice catching up with them
um that was pleasant tomorrow has to be
a work because I have so many demos and
stuff to catch up on
Sarah just might kill me if I don't
respond to so that's what's happening
thank you so much for joining me on
another date I hope you had a wonderful
day
and if you liked it subscribe if you
like it if you like it subscribe ok I
swear to god I'm not biessing right now
my heart is friggin racing I'm home
alone and I definitely hear something
upstairs I swear to god I'm not freaking
plagued right now
