Lenny was good morning he's 3:30
actually look about 12 and I've been
just lying in bed doing work chilling
out so hopefully like the falling asleep
at night is getting worse and worse and
worse last night I was up until I seven
went to bed at like three though so just
tossing and turning until 4:00 I'm
wearing some disoriented outfit right
now it's my sister's birthday I have no
idea what to get her I'm heading to I'll
sit a little bit I've decided to get her
Donuts because come on dullness Nutella
donuts a Pandora charm I did eat a
sweater and like a book that's what I'm
after hours of thinking that's what I've
come up with I also have a package here
and I think I know what it is but I
don't know if it's it no I don't know if
this is so late oh hold on damn it this
is an actor
what is this okay I'm so confused I
don't know what what is this what what
even is all this hold on hold on it's a
whole bunch of oh I know what it is this
is probably YouTube FanFest because I'm
going to YouTube bad words I think I
hold up women what is this a the only
way they would know my address
yes I can't yam turns over two
Australian things basically if you don't
know I'm going to YouTube FanFest what
is this hand painted dude dude
did you redo these room Australia
comment below alright there's a letter
here hold up hold up
welcome to YouTube FanFest Sydney we are
thrilled you be joining us again this at
this year's mega YouTube fan fest event
want to give you a little advance taste
of Australia to remind you of some of
our local customs awesome that's awesome
so as I keep saying if you don't know I
am coming to Australia September 11th
for YouTube FanFest
you can buy er tickets up with the link
in the description there's a custom
ticket link just for me so go grab your
tickets I'm so excited that might be
bringing some familiar faces with me but
okay that I'm allowed to leave now
because I'm actually waiting for another
package
oh my god lasagna for breakfast I am
I am down saw game gummybear 100 yeah
what's up I'm ready to head to the mall
it's my order
this chillin straight up you know
keeping it simple keeping it camo in ich
head to the mall it is raining so hard
outside I'm not a big fan of the rain
not gonna lie no some people are like I
love what it means I'm not about it you
know it's all like there's worms and
stuff and smells and stuff like maybe
like twice a year I'm okay with that but
like more than that not about it my name
is rain and I'm so stupid and I poop and
I'm dumb and I like I smell it
Selena never gets old okay so this -
choo-choo hearing grab my wrist Lee grab
my phone get ready to run when your
wipers freeze like this that's what it
look like my wife isn't like this and
you know how much go outside and vlog
cuz you know priorities okay you ready
Oh
the one time I straighten my hair you
know chop it's several hours later I've
already gone to my sister's house and
come back
basically the rain ruined - my camera
wouldn't work and I was like I am the
dumbest human being in the world why
didn't I think of you at water damage
I'm like sitting there trying the screen
wasn't working and it just worked for
the first time now I'm a genius is the
moral of the story I went to my sister's
house I ended up getting her the charm
bracelet pen it's like actually got it's
like a cute thing it's two pieces I got
one piece so it's a charm that'sthat's
in half and I keep one she keeps one and
says my sweet sister so is like a charm
her charm bracelet
I've got her a book that she's already
read and I got her Nutella and Oreo and
Reese's and sprinkled doughnuts from
Jimmy's that she really likes um I also
wanted a book haul I've got a bunch of
books I bought my sister the Mindy book
that I'm also gonna start reading but
she already has never exchanges like
about Tina Fey's book I cuz I'm almost
done girl boss I got any folders book
Amy Poehler sorry folder polar puller
and okay so ASAP science you know I love
them they sent me a book to Sara's house
a long time where I never ended up
getting it so I just bought it a step
science support support your friends so
I'm so excited to be a complete book
nerd bubs so how because I think that my
camera's working I was gonna like dip it
in rice in this right now okay so we're
home
it's Monday haven't done a video yet and
it is 9 p.m. so I'm gonna do the vlog
from yesterday then I'm gonna work on a
video already
video idea it's going to because my mom
technically still has my channel it's
going to be my parents explaining why
girls get their period or something
along those lines I think okay oh my god
of happy I make you human boom boom all
right so I released the vlog it's 10:17
after make a main channel video still
and I'm so lazy I'm at least you to work
I'm so lazy to make a video I mean what
they're real people what we do okay that
was a joke obviously God okay I just
woke up from a one-hour nap but now it's
midnight
every other day I say wait till 7:00 and
I can't fall asleep video today I'm like
it's done be all mental ish now mopping
have some design I'm gonna make my video
focus hello hello from indeed to Antonio
real quick alright time to edit this ish
what time is it - 12 I said I'd be done
recording bye - Tom - late this is weird
for you it shouldn't be Antonio here you
wanted something not pleasant because my
light is on all these moths or at my
window rolls I mean you're beautiful I
love you cuz you're living things but
girls
note to self when you move Shelley buy a
bookshelf I keep all my books just like
beside my head when I sleep videos up it
is my parents explaining why girls got
their periods it is in the description
my main channel is right there in case
you only watch my vlogs and don't know I
have a main channel where I make videos
every Monday and Thursday I think you
check those out
um the time is a 4 a.m. or to sleep
hopefully hopefully I know I'm not gonna
but I'm gonna read for a bit try to fall
asleep tomorrow humble is going to come
over and help me shoot a video that I
need to do for I'm doing this
partnership with Dell which is really
cool so I'm he's gonna help me shoot
that and then I have an interview at 6
and then really cool interview actually
it's for People magazine so it's pretty
cool and then Sandy's going to come over
and help me pick out fits for not only
my photo shoot but also teens
to sanity my stylist SKG she's really
fabulous on what she does so that's all
that's happening this is gonna be an
exciting day and like I said in
yesterday's vlog like these days I'm
kinda home doing my own thing like
they're gonna add because starting
tomorrow things is picking up you tell
you I hope you had a blessed wonderful
inspiring day and I'd be so much
positivity your way if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe what
it is what this is gonna look like Wow
magic thank you
my ill junk sky thinks I'm so weird
