chillin outside with BAE morning so I
woke up at 2 which is way better than
334 I have been waking up I actually
look about hate initially stay awake
till 9:00 and went back to sleep
today is a workday I said everyday so
it's not new yesterday I didn't post a
video and no matter what you say every
time I don't post a video it eats the
guilt eats me alive what happened
yesterday ceccolini of deer came out and
then stopped my car and delayed my whole
day because I was gonna come home and do
work but the deer which I went to ovo
about to turned it's a good I know it's
not a huge deal but it is to me and
every time I feel really bad after so
today I'm gonna work really hard to make
up for it my first time eat this
sandwich and I thought I eat it outside
and enjoy the fresh air and as you know
yesterday before ovo I was gonna
meditate and write a list of things
bother me eccentric cetera so I'm gonna
do that before humble comes which is
like an hour and a half and then we
gonna work session upside so I sing in a
backyard for like I think Garland's in
an hour maybe writing down my thoughts
and feelings feeling good feeling a
little better
I've made some promises to myself but
I'm confident I can stick to I love
sitting outside by the way I love nature
I love but my feet touch the grass I
love with my hands touch the grass I
love it all so I'm gonna go inside take
a shower and start my day of
productivity and self-improvement ha ha
ha game 100 also easier and I forgot
that what you working on I'm writing I'm
finishing up a verse that I started a
long time ago on there's about girls
know about heartbreak know is it about
this mmm
I can put pandas in it well run as a
panda can de san de Amanda has been a
win what you can say that and add it and
ah ah is just like that the the emphasis
give me arrived I
pandas live in trees they don't live in
sand Oh money you know say you just say
like that little you know it's like that
ha it's like you just add that you're no
longer allowed to write my rhymes
anymore you know she wrote my rhymes for
both learn I VI she's such a life mrs.
humble left am I've been doing work and
I much but I won't have a moment of real
talk with you because you know I like to
be real with all of you um actually two
things I want to talk about one is Teen
Choice Awards I'm looking at so many of
your tweets and seeing all of these
nominations and it's just so
heartwarming you guys are really putting
your heart and soul and into a non
nomination sorry votes you really put
your heart and soul into voting for the
two categories we're nominated in which
is choice youtuber and choice web star
comedy so long you know um so thank you
so much but I wanted to say that some of
you have been getting a little bit upset
because you're seeing other youtubers
promote their own categories then go be
like oh I'm gonna follow you if you do
the cetera and you're getting upset
because you guys think it's bribing
their fans whatever I wanna let you guys
know
don't get upset any other youtubers
everyone's just trying to hustle their
own game and want to talk about that
real quick obviously it's awesome to be
nominated for us to be nominated if we
win amazing if we don't and I mean this
move bottom of my heart life is all
about what your goals if I'm talking
life is all about what your goals are
and how you measure success and I've
learned that through my journey how you
measure success now you can either
measure success through subscribers and
views and awards whatnot and those
things are all awesome like I my goal is
to reach 1 million subscribers and then
5 million subscribers and I got that it
felt great but I've noticed the things
that actually feels the best are when
I'm performing on a stage and all of you
are there with me or when people come up
to me and say you've changed my life
like I've learned to measure that as my
success so as awesome as it would be to
win a Teen Choice don't feel
disappointed if we don't and don't feel
obviously keep voting and we'll try to
win but if we don't win and if other
youtubers are promoting their categories
don't worry because there's so many
other things like to find a set
success and actually drinks this is the
best he says in one of his songs he goes
I give an F about who got a Grammy I
just gave away Grammys on my Instagram
like and I'm not trying to hate
obviously again I'm so many disclaimers
I'm not trying to hate obviously I love
the award show obviously would be great
to win but like Awards numbers and stats
will never define our success together
those are just cherries on top of an
already awesome Sunday and we'll try our
best and that's it and if we don't win I
will be the last person to be
disappointed I promise you that's the
one thing I want to say the second thing
I want to say this is some real real
talk which I know a lot of other people
might not talk about this openly but I
want to talk about openly I'ma be real
with y'all the tour was such a financial
burden on me because I didn't want to
sacrifice any of my ideas I said eight
dancers not four I want cost in a
certain way I want this to be a certain
way this tour was an expensive tour and
I will definitely when I get that bill
in my email be like oh so you already
know youtubers do brand deals they do
them do I've done some with MTV I did
one with coke we do brand yours it's
cool I might do a few more in the near
future I wanted reassure you that I will
never work with a brand I don't like I
will never say anything I don't mean
and it will still always be authentic to
me and I'm very particular who I work
with but if you start to see me to do
more brand deals I'm not apologizing for
I'm just giving you a heads up because
homegirl don't wanna be living on the
streets because there's toward them make
her broke in yeah so just bear with me
on that sense this is about a three
minute and 30 second clip I'm gonna back
to work just want to have that real talk
with all of you
um I'm too upset right now
bisque what happened was how I write
music when I want to write rap songs as
I write them and then I said on them for
years and years and I revisit them and a
song would be a long time ago that are
really freaking like is nowhere to be
found and now I'm thinking it was
probably my computer before my computer
crashed which means I probably I'll have
it anywhere so I'm like thinking should
I rewrite the song that I wrote like two
years ago
I'm so annoyed right now I'm so
heartbroken I get annoyed I'm
heartbroken mm-hm
are you betting that yeah yeah oh what's
poppin nah I just did a lot of creative
work that I'm really really happy about
and I also learned something new today
humble kind of said to me as well you
got people working at your trade and in
just at your skill and your craft get
better at it like I haven't written raps
in so long so weird I'm trying to write
well right now I'm really struggling but
before I used to write stuff every day
you'd if I'd released it not release
whatever there's just a right stone
every day same of the video ideas like I
used to write keep writing ideas and
that guy stopped because I got so busy
doing things but I think just keeping
that creativity flowing and not worrying
about if it releases or not and just
keep practicing is really important so
today I had like a really good writing
session of like videos and concepts and
in the process I came up with an amazing
idea well at least I think it's amazing
a video for Thursday Tom this whole food
but now I'm go to sleep what time is it
3:30 4:00 I'm gonna sleep hopefully I
don't wake up too late and tomorrow much
gonna work on Thursday's video good
awesome I do tomorrow that may be yet
I'm planning a whole bunch of video
shoots and photo shoots and stuff so I'm
being productive way more productive
than but in the last couple days so
finally getting back on my how Lily got
her groove back snap snap Indian head
nod uh-huh I'm gonna see if you like it
subscribe if you like it that's good
yeah so you know I do a quick check is
there toilet paper check is the seat
decently clean because that's me real
even if you hover which you should okay
sometimes we'll be hovering your left ad
gives down
