and the worst okay so it's three I don't
I'm like I looked at my alarm says one I
was like I found I got one I'm still
happy with it
well I'm didn't go off but still says on
my parents also came into the room and
closed the blinds which is like death I
can't wake up on his door so a lot of
things has put me behind schedule
um but today's video day I get up and
have some Froot Loops I didn't wash my
face yeah I look a mess ah Sarah message
means saying there's a possibility I
might get ovo tickets but it's three and
the show starts at 7:00 and to get
downtown is gonna be like hectic so she
needs to tell me ASAP but if that
happens I'll be sick that's gonna as I
said yesterday I will turn my whole day
upside down if it means going over you
um but so I'm waiting on ovo tickets
patiently being like oh it's gonna
happen it's not I feel like it's not
gonna happen because like I said it's in
four hours how would you get
confirmation in four hours I don't know
either way videoed a possibility Oh yo I
need some Froot Loops gel egg is the
death of me it's ruining my life my leg
is kind of itchy
that's that's what's happening right now
yeh so the time is five and haven't
heard about the ovo tickets it's I don't
think an happen and anyhow I get a
message that right now saying it's
happening there's no way I could get
downtown in like two hours
um either way it's cool I've done
nothing productive um and I'm had a
moment to realtalk with myself and I was
like this is like for the past couple
days I'm acting so unlike me I love
working and I wake up excited to work on
projects do things and for the last like
three days I keep thinking it's because
I'm having a hard time adjusting from
off tour but like I'm not being
productive I'm literally just sitting
there doing nothing like that's so
unlike me so then I thought okay let's
take some steps backwards why are you
not doing anything and I think I have
concluded that I have too much on my
mind because every time I'm starting to
do something I just like start staring
into space thinking about something else
I've too much on my mind I think what it
is is that leg I'm struggling with off
tour yes I'm struggling with feelings of
like
randal we've had this conversation
before I'm struggling with like just
like a bunch of things that I need to
address first before I start doing work
I can't do my best work because I've so
many little voices in my head right now
so I need to like meditate or gain the
same pages myself some house I'm
thinking of taking a shower um taking a
walk to a park maybe sitting in a park
for a while that's I'm thinking of doing
because like I need to befriend myself
right now I don't think I'm friends
myself but I need to befriend myself so
that's what men do right now um maybe
I'll write down everything on mind that
addressed them one by one
this is what I do this is my life okay
that's weird of course I just got ready
to go to the park into my own meditation
thing Sarah calls me I got tickets Rovio
I know this is a bad thing to complain
about but it's like ah there's an I
literally have to leave right now and I
only - I don't know who men take that's
like I like I don't like I have but now
hold on I don't I don't know I don't
know I I'm so late right now I decide to
take scheana because uh Nunley just
landed and still on the plane I know she
didn't reply she does come with me this
is what I'm wearing I don't know this
will people wear to ovo wearing a jersey
dress numbering in tights just in case
you get cold um try to like in the black
and gold
you know ovo colors from meditation to
ovo and it's video game I'll do a video
when I come back but I'm gonna go unwind
get my mind off everything turn up have
a good time and you come in with me also
realizing that it wants exact same
Jersey two days ago to trench show but I
need to come back I said this is
situation it is 6:30 - right now she has
two minutes away the uber is outside he
just called me babe by the way so like
pray for my soul um downtown at this
hour like the show starts at 7:00 at
6:30 - it would take us like an hour and
a half to get downtown so literally
we're so late I don't know to do we're
just trying her best like this is such a
last-minute thing and she's that she
knows that you know oh yes you know but
so who's the biggest boss that I've seen
thus far
BAM look at her hair isn't out so I kind
of want to do this to my hair I kind of
won you can but she
nina actually put any extensions in i
don't you know extension she don't need
it she's got it again yeah I'm the
little bodyguards oh ho we go over your
spontaneously right a minute yeah like
it ready like believe so got ready now
yes we use much lvl as I was gonna drink
on the way I don't get okay oh that's a
good idea yeah so I'm like an hour away
days we've got in the old thanks wvi
levy WT thank you
we should I find a wash it right now cuz
he's a potato pretty bomb C's thanks W
me
Moulson k navigator here
a little different from meditation just
a little bit and she's here
what do we looking at this
I'm so excited
my name is dragon I wanna see
I'm loving God
my holy
I meditate to have way up Sheena's way
out right now
can we see
and you cats you pass him hey Dale
okay
new friends new friends
you get a car
okay
what
what job
working on the falls that adrenaline
running water making food that is
five
Oh
Oh
you have no idea I appreciate the loving
support man
 I'll see you
Holyoke
I'm so tired I'm gonna die
it's 333 P am so tired I'm an old person
basically an old version this well let
me tell you what my night I didn't block
the second half of it but what happened
was I went to an after party and they
bb's dude which is also jerseys friend
like it was the craziest thing we're
standing outside the club and there's
like mad chaos to get in literally Drake
pulls up we walk in with him what party
didn't like the section where he is and
then Kanye's just standing right next to
me know what I didn't get pictures that
have a rule where it's like if I can
have a proper conversation with someone
like meet them properly I don't want
like I don't like to fangirl I don't
know dude I don't like to like just pull
up my camera a picture so I don't get a
picture of log or anything but it's just
surreal like partying with them nearby
and it was cool um let me got tired of
his mode uh and I know my said I was
gonna come home and make a video but I'm
really tired and if you live in crappy
about it because I've been on such a
good streak the whole second leg of the
tour and this whole time I'm like no no
no but I feel like today I just just
can't like I might just collapse and die
I'm so tired
for no reason about 3:00 p.m. but I'm
sorry I'm gonna be that person that just
goes to sleep relaxes a little bit
and yeah I know I keep saying it but
it's like me and scheana are both like
wow oh my god I'm old on the field lolly
stop stop sticking out I'm sorry to see
maybe I'll make a video tomorrow maybe I
should wait til Thursday at an Aussie um
I'm gonna go wipe my makeup up and then
go to sleep we went over your randomly
we went to oviya or it was awesome it
was friggin awesome Will Smith was like
behind me it was just it was just crazy
it was crazy it just was just crazy um
but if you liked it subscribe if you
liked it subscribe yeah so you know I do
look quick check is the toilet paper
check is the seat decently clean because
that's me real even if you hover which
you should okay
sometimes you'll be hovering your left
ad gives down your left butt cheek
