I am the worst human being ever what up
good morning kidding it's like good
evening this is what happened can let me
let me explain what happened I woke up
at 12:00 because my nephews are over
screaming in my ear for three hours I
look about 12 and like yes perfect
jetlag destroyed woke up you know kind
of slowly ate some breakfast whatever a
little bit sloth leg and then the
tiredness would not leave me even though
I was a pastor like oh again after
taking up eventually I succumbed and at
one I friggin took it it's a come to
succumb with the B right is that a word
it's a word okay anyway I took a nap
welcome back for 30 did absolutely
nothing today have to go to a birthday
dinner it's my friends my sister's
friend who actually become my friend her
name's per me she comes to all of my
stuff let IV i v-i every shoe she sews
parted some going to a birthday so my
guy I'm always white sweater BAM do you
see what I see makeup on white stuff
forever I am the worst at this I don't
know how to keep my white things white
and I have to change I did nothing today
and now I ruin the top I'm in the
negatives right now the negatives thank
God I have almost the same sweater in
yellow also it is like a hurricane
outside I can just feel like listen look
in here this
stay tuned yes anyways I left my house
my mom's like oh why you wearing a
sweater it's so hot and I was like now
it's like raining outside it's so hot
outside why you know it is I can't find
any my clothes because there's just you
know what I need to do I think why I'm
not productive is like my life is just
too chaotic just like clean my room
clean my office downstairs create a
functional frickin space right now I'm
just like procrastinating like oh no
he's got up two words okay I'm fine no I
need to like fix the rest of my life now
like tour is done and now I need to
focus on going back to like my
functional self like I feel like this
was any other time I'd be starting new
projects and doing things but I'm just
so in the tour mines that like I just
had mr. noodles soup like the cup noodle
that I had that on tour why why aren't I
eating normal food I'm like trying so
hard to go back - stop it stop it let's
go to the dinner come home by Rockstar
sort this issue because you need to be
productive
all right
like you know you're dating Ross by
probably right like why can't you pull
your face okay I'm here I'm balancing my
camera on steering wheel so how to do
your hair in three seconds you ready
yeah
one two three oh I was Phil wait hold on
three pick up yeah yeah I actually don't
do anything to my hair
I take it out of its chaos put my hair
everywhere put my finger stood a few
times you know in the mirror
yo what's up this has been a makeup
beauty tutorial with Lilly Singh goals
on point and the kind of ratchet oh I'm
okay with that second time this week
look at me lucky right here you so lucky
dog who sky was required using a quality
time my sister's here also with her kids
same kid that won't forget this morning
in the causing destruction the ROC
housing structure is actually behaving
very well I'll show you them in a little
bit on this birthday girl birthday girl
you may recognize it from that IV i v-i
and every other single video I pledge to
support spean that's right view
oh hey kaliesha the best part of the
night right here hey how is it right
here the best part of the night good
luck is it magnificent what I you know
hmm
oh yeah so I'm home and like I said I'm
trying to make my space a bit more
functional by definitely not too bad but
it could be better so abracadabra let's
do it wait wait before I do this okay I
just found us is touching my heart
audition pictures of must remember Oh
Johnny's hair was like this of my
fetuses look how far we've come since
this moment when they handed me their
pictures to like try out I mean to
audition like look at anyone elses
pictures I don't know if I can find
anymore
it's just like we've comes look at this
we've come such a long way
turned into family oh my god it feels
okay back to work better better better
better by the way this is my wallpaper
oh that's when you profile picture but
this is my wallpaper yeah yeah all right
honestly I need some serious work then
to feel good about myself let's do it
let's have a critical conversation okay
as you know I like to do I love critical
conversation so I made this post you
might have seen it it says people often
ask me why haven't you found a husband
for yourself I respond
I'm too busy creating myself and I wrote
this post basically saying you can read
it on my facebook facebook.com slash
iisuperwomanii
knowing it would be controversial you
know me I posted something basically I
was trying to say is that women I feel
are trained to have his mental checklist
in their head like um go to school get
married have kids like everyone harasses
you no ma'am not everyone that's that's
ignorant thing to say at least in my
family and I know a lot of other girls
like
they get bothered once again certain age
like are you getting married yet or are
you getting married yet
am i posted basically about like if
that's what you want to do in life do it
like all my friends and people are
getting married do you I have no right
to say you're doing your life but like
if I don't want to do that don't make me
feel like because I'm not getting
married like I haven't accomplished
things and it was kind of like I don't
feel like we should teach young girls
that that's gonna be the highlight of
your life um
and I knew I would get backlash as I'm
getting of course many married people
are commenting saying you're basically
saying if you're married your life is
over and you can't accomplish your goals
and that's not at all what I said but of
course it's the internet and people will
interpret things how they want to
interpret the basically I just want to
reiterate this is something I'm really
passionate about I even say right here
one day you may become a wife or a
mother and those are special positions
to have which I totally understand being
a mother is like I can imagine how
fulfilling um but please do not live
your life thinking marriage and
motherhood is your purpose on this
planet and that's what I want to get
across like I feel like when you meet a
little girl you I say oh I can't wait
till your wedding day when you get
married sort of you don't say that to
guys like I could literally accomplish
anything in the world like do a world
tour be nominated for doesn't matter but
still an interview you'll be like so
have you found mr. right yet I'm like
are you asking all to do the same thing
like why is it why is success equated
with marriage when it comes to he knows
like it really irritates me I think
marriage is if you're into that a very
special thing motherhood like I said a
very special thing but you should not be
thinking that because you're a female
like that is what your life is building
you up for if you are a mother and
that's what you do friggin kudos to your
MA taking anything away from you but I'm
saying for those people that maybe don't
want to get married at that certain age
nothing's wrong with that so I'm not
taking anything away from wives and
mothers
I'm simply supporting the people that
don't want to follow that path because
nothing's wrong with either of us so
it's kind of like and it especially
breaks my heart for young girls I swear
it bothers me so much that young girls
grow up thinking like daydreaming about
their wedding day James are like
daydream bother that's fine
I do daydream about being president man
daydream about friggin anything you want
even if it's at and if it's marriage and
you want something great but if it's not
and don't feel bad about it this is my
three minute rant I'm sorry I'm done
this is me making up for not going
Caribana we are on the road we go Hugo
hey there's party we're turning up here
is BAE okay I need human interaction Wow
one popcorn popcorn without food
reference I'm so just 2 a.m. I feel like
I've got a lot of work done I'm just
like staring at my screen now I'm not
tired at all because I slept all day
remember going upstairs and reading I'm
watching some interviews um possibly
eating a chip or two these are my plans
and the basements getting kind of cold
so that's my cuter do upset your derpy
hunt since that chips I'm eating cereal
I love eating cereal at night
my two favorite cereals of all time my
two favorite cereals of all time are one
is Lucky Charms and one is for loops and
I'm about to eat Froot Loops and that
makes me very excited um particle
phenols but jazz is going to Europe in
like two days and she's been gone for
quite a while which means I'm gonna be
running the solo with super one stuff um
which to be honest I'm I'm not that
stressed I'm okay let me tell you why
I'm not that stressed um I noticed we
have a lot of work but I'm kind of
excited for the challenge because jazz
been working for me for about a year
and it's been great and it's been
wonderful and she helps me out so much
and she's a savior and she's so good at
what she does
um but I'm kind of curious to see how I
will function without her if I'll be
able to handle it um of course when she
comes back I would be so happy Vicki but
um I'm kind of up for the challenge and
you know it's good it's good to put
yourself in those situations where you
gotta like hustle and learn and get like
Oh frig this is gonna be hard and then
just like face it head-on type of thing
but Jos gonna go I'm very excited for
her because she's been dying to do
something like this so I hope she gets a
good relaxation type situation and comes
back all fresh ready to continue the
world domination I didn't fart that was
my chair I promise I look like a crazy
person okay whoa
was it talking about oh yeah jazz
shouldn't have a blast
um you have a blast um I'm kind of
jealous so I'm deciding to sleep in my
parents room today because my dad's not
able to sleep on the bed cuz too high
and you can't like get up easily because
of his surgery so they're sleeping in
the other room and my pet is like
covered with crap and I was sleeping a
corner
so I'm asleep ear and head to bed God
knows I'm not gonna be able to fall
asleep for another three hours but i'ma
try tomorrow is video day and other than
video day I don't want to have other
plans
so hopefully can be really my first
really productive work day because I
haven't had one for a while um ha unless
I miraculously somehow get tickets to
ovo to see Drake but if that doesn't
happen which it probably won't then his
work day if you like it subscribe you'll
actually if you like it subscribe try
and get the child to Emilio so if you
like it subscribe yeah I know I do this
quick check is there toilet paper check
is the seat decently fee because let's
be real even if you hover which you
should okay sometimes you'll be hovering
your left ad gives on your left butt
cheek touch to the scene here like home
it happens to the best of us okay
