good morning I just woke up from a nap
because I if you watched yesterday's
vlog you know I pulled an all-nighter
editing and my sister gave birth to a
healthy beautiful baby boy her third one
and I've not seen yet cuz I was sleeping
also because we can't go to the hospital
but I'm headed to her house very shortly
but let me tell you about what's
happening first
I'm so tired they're going up the stairs
wouldn't did me so let me tell you what
I were working so hard on okay I just
been working hard on nuttin this is my
master plan today super Thursday right I
released a video on Monday so I'm gonna
make up for it with oh please know that
very little sleeper yeah yes bear with
me my master plan is everybody these
days talk about diss tracks Meek Mill
and drag and good a little bit some of
yo I have a wicked idea I'm gonna make
bottom jeath make a diss track about
Lilly right but how am I gonna promote
this like I know what I'm gonna give
everyone a scare I'm gonna make it seem
like it's legit I'm basically about to
post a status right now convincing
people with this picture that my YouTube
account got hacked I'm not a prankster
but I'm really excited I'm gonna set my
YouTube account got hacked i order you
to unified I've already notified YouTube
that it hasn't gone hacked not to take
any action because I know some of my
fantasies as you lovely see this you're
probably gonna be like sending Ravens to
you to be like yeah again so I've made
it seem like someone got my password
it's been hacked and that there's no
super Thursday video but that one gets
uploaded it's gonna seem like someone
else upload the videos gonna be bottom
jeath with a diss track against me come
on I'm so excited I kill that let me
just write this up hold up hold up I
feel evil doing this but you guys as
soon as I upload the video in a couple
hours I'm only gonna let you panic for a
couple hours you'll see why it just adds
to the video so much because in the
beginning bottom sheets like changing my
password and all that stuff so it's not
a creative way I hope no one's bad about
it I don't think you should be mad at
but I think it's really funny but it's
the caption I never thought I'd say this
and it absolutely breaks my heart to
type this it seems that someone has
managed to hack my YouTube account and
change my password just reading that
like even though it's fake is Gary I
cannot explain how Dev
did I am right now I've already
contacted contacted YouTube and they're
working on it right now with all their
effort even though I'm freaking out I
don't want anyone to panic I have faith
in humanity if you see any activity on
my channel please tell me ASAP its link
to my Twitter so should be easy to keep
an eye out so when I tweet the video
you'll see it I will not sleep until I
sort this ugh whoever has my channel
please do not toy with my hard work
please I'm I'm sorry if there's no super
Thursday video ready okay here we go
Facebook Twitter Tumblr are you ready to
stir some chaos right here ah it's out
exact I'm so sorry for freaking you up
but just know that it's all with the
purpose that it's all with the creative
purpose alright there's only been a
couple of minutes um cm this QT team
super UK is like analyzing my playlists
being like people changing your plays no
one's changing my playlist it's always
been like that and the best part is
someone is claimed that they've hacked
my account now my eye dark blue eye eye
it says that people are saying this
person claims it hacked account on if
it's truth I'll let you know um so
that's just a little insight into how
the world works cuz clearly this person
didn't hack my account but the people
things will do things people do for
attention though this is oh this is
gonna be an experiment and a half
experiment and a half okay so I haven't
even talked with my friends this is all
my friends are messaging you freaking me
out I feel kind of AG is everyone's
dressed like I feel most bad that
you guys are stressed but I'm confident
that you guys don't think it's funny um
so humble and I've decided because
humble knows I'm gonna like a video from
my channel um and like leave little
clues so I'm about to like a video um
call called best washers and dryers of
2013 oh god this is hilarious okay
I'm going to like it right now ready
okay that's why I'm talking that it'll
go to my Twitter feed I so shadows decay
legs that best washers and dryers I
definitely say this was a hack maybe
this is your mom hinting at you to do
your laundry
you are the something girl quite amusing
to me there's
guy threatening me he's tweeting my fat
and saying this is too much fun which
video should I delete first do you miss
your videos nah because I have my
password you you see how people work
here it's this so interesting you gonna
look so dumb my god I'm I need to frame
this issue right here I want to just say
I knew when I did this I knew exactly
should say and exactly how you'd react
and you reacting Lee exactly yet it's
still like I know it's a joke but yet
it's still like painting me to see you
so concerned and it's really really
touching my heart goes between the
sweetest things it doesn't matter what
this person post we still love you will
everyone know who you really are just oh
my god this is in a way this is a grease
Park my passion for you - just seeing
all of you so committed to our team
super community some people that are
like leave her account alone hack my
instead I won't say anything and like
trying to trace people and just like you
care so much and it's I hope you loved
this video I you deserve my I hope you
love I want you to I pulled an
all-nighter I also let you go to this
video
I called talk back to me Lily dis I
recorded the song Accord the video and
edit the video all in one day so just
take that in I'm meeting breakfast right
now it's 4 p.m. I've worked so so hard
in this video on this whole plot to try
to make it exciting and different
because every Monday and Thursday
release a video is cool but one
stressing different ones like yo let me
make a story here let me make it feel
real um I was based on a true story my
parents always always always just the
other day like we're gonna make a video
and tell everyone how you are and they
always joke about that like that's what
I did that's what I inspired it's like I
wanted to like keep this going for a day
but I can't even like last another five
minutes seeing all of you so worried so
I might just like give another hour at
most
God okay okay tell me that you'll just
now chat just make your phone die like
literally been 100% open snapchat my
phone just dies I'm so impressed with my
acting skills on snapchat right now this
whole block is my baby nephew was born
but this whole vlog is about this that's
because I'm waiting to go see I'm
waiting basically
I'm basically waiting for my mom to
leave the hospital to go back to her
house so I can go to the hospital
because kind of a billion people there
and also then something to watch the
kids like the whole thing I'm just
patiently waiting to us Matthew but this
is keeping me entertained so that's good
but you guys check out my acting skills
on snapchat we being so upset right now
I thought me get straight going I'm
gonna release in 35 minutes and that was
big I hope you guys are don't be mad you
wait family friends you that right ever
say this but okay somebody hath late
YouTube account has change my password
don't know why they're liking random SN
videos and of course my YouTube is
linked to my Twitter and Facebook which
means that whatever they do we broadcast
it to all of you so that Golf know that
Dad golf Doh okay okay as I go ready I
think I read this is the thumbnail I'm
me um that's fun nervous okay how can I
do this properly I have everything ready
on the upload um
snapchat and I got all my stuff ready I
even made some memes for bottom due to
use against Lily hmm okay hold on making
a public I attached it to my Twitter oh
I'm sorry team super don't be mad I just
want to make you laugh okay I'm done is
done okay now I need to post on Facebook
ah
she always in the wrong way what it's so
cute as soon as the video you honestly I
think this experience is so nice oh
you've taught me so much as soon as the
video came out all I saw is dislike
dislike dislike dislike dissing all my
all of you all my peoples like dislike
the video cuz I was hacked and they're
like us didn't even watch the videos
like us you can only watch it they're
like wait what y'all are so adorable I
love it hey I got y'all got oh god
unicorn on my shirt just keep my body in
the shower now I'm gonna go see my baby
nephew what's up
ssam about to go see my new nephew Matt
the hospital I'm not gonna take my
vlogging camera because I don't think
it's like an appropriate first reading
so I'll tell you how it was and saying
okay so I just several hours later and
my nephew is perfection she is so
adorable I've named him muffin okay
I'm human muffin he's so adorable and
small and cute I love him so much I'm
headed home now I have a little bit of a
migraine my sister's doing well the baby
is great my parents are staying at
Tina's house today yeah Tina's Oster day
so I'm headed home and I just realized
in the excitement of the baby and then
the whole video thing you never happen I
didn't upload a serious look and I have
to do that now because just gone so I'm
gonna go home and upload yesterday's
vlog um cool no okay I swear to god I'm
not biessing right now my heart is
friggin racing I'm home alone and I
definitely hear something upstairs I
swear to god I'm not freakin playing
right now I have worked in this room for
nights at a time and I've never heard
anything like that before like so much
that I just locked my door like it
sounded like an animal so I'm like okay
maybe there's raccoons or something but
the things I'm in the basement so the
next level up is my main floor so snark
is the Attic I swear to god I sound like
things running back and forth yet I'm
vlogging about I'm not doing anything
are even message my I would message my
parents okay I didn't have a weapon
breaking with me stand by
I swear to god team super if you're
playing a joke on me this is not funny I
literally have my lights off because
there's two-way glass in my room so I
can look outside
I call my dad I welcome out these are my
sisters
and he's like maybe it's a mouse or
something like it sounded pretty bigger
that'll break your mouse I'm confident
that had to be an animal cuz I heard up
there and over there which means it must
have been something in the walls or
something I have no frickin idea I want
to like carry a weapon with me and I
know there's a weapon upstairs but I
need to get upstairs I don't know how to
Oh
so it's several hours later I'm okay I'm
fine I'm sorry for freaking you out I
was genuinely so scared likes okay my
case just came off my laptop so scared
you weren't not scared I was I'm still
scared I basically locked myself in my
parents room right now I'm pretty she
was like a raccoon or there's some
animal in the walls but at first thing I
thought it was a person like I was
freaked the F out so what I did was
after just standing there for 20 minutes
I didn't have anything in the room so I
literally brought a tripod carried it
like a bat up until I found this bat and
I walked on my whole house with his bat
and I'm gonna sleep with his bat and the
doors are locked like that so scared I'm
right now like holy crap but it's been
several hours later I'm calmed down I'm
convinced it was just a there's an
animal on the walls or something mmm in
other news look at my desktop like what
is my why is it why is my desk lock my
desk talk why is my desk talk why is my
desktop my room I got so my desktop
didn't unpack from core either okay um I
get some sleep it's been a crazy day I
walked in her room right now everything
from pretending my account got hacked
which I hope you're not mad about truly
it was just again I want to emphasize
I'm not a prankster like don't expect me
to do prank videos from that one it
wasn't a prank there's just me trying to
creatively introduce the video to you so
I really hope you enjoyed it and I hope
you're not mad and if you were I love
you having you baby nephew and he's
perfection and wonderful I love him and
I may or may not be being attacked in my
house minor detail if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you're like it subscribe
ah are you freaking kidding me right now
okay yeah 2:43 a.m. and my sister
messages saying her WaterBrook chicken
up kid like really soon I think oh my
god
