I woke up at 3:30 p.m. story in my life
what up t-shirt reference morning so I
woke up quite late that's the current
fall asleep for so long good news dad's
operation was a success he's going to
come home either tonight or tomorrow
morning so in the meantime I've been
summoned with the duties of doing
grocery shopping and buying a few things
so that's what I'm booked
that's what I'm about to do right now
got my milk and stuff for sandwiches
um chips get their money chips oh and
chocolates up so I figured all of these
things um so that's the first task of
the day I'm gonna adult I don't think I
wash my face properly also kinda looks
like I got one eyebrow that might be
true I should deal with that so I'm done
my grocery shopping um me calling or
talking with the other day - I'll never
understand how people come up to and go
oh you look tired as if that's not
offensive like you look tired as a
synonym for you look like crap
did you always say to me I'm just like I
should be tired I work a lot but thank
you for pointing that up so grimy
I was almost - one you want to comment
on that as well I'm busy I'm at at home
I don't make myself a sandwich actually
bought everything to make the same
sandwich we had in the dressing rooms
during the tour so I can feel like I'm
on tour I'm crazy
we got hummus
we got honey mustard we got barbeque
chips we got veggie ham veggie Turkey we
got spinach we got um cheese do you
think that's all um and yeah and we got
some rye bread it's on but in the change
room I like 10 minutes Otto ah also look
who's home awake he might be like votes
Michele is it functional right now
that means close your shirt it's fine
look who it is
hey Mikey meet Ivan well I'm another 100
year you hundred years yeah he's not
going anywhere anytime
oh no no no he's chillin I'm chillin
baby yeah I'm Heather sandwich after ate
my sandwich I am me in San Diego spend
some quality time together we are going
to rick is doing these pop-up shops all
around the place where he's doing these
like really cool samosas like butter
chicken samosa he did like like a
cheesecake some was like really cool
stuff so we're going to support him and
check out his pop-up shop buffer oh well
mom is randomly raining why why why all
right so I got here before sandy she's
nine minutes away so I'm waiting in the
car for nine minutes I kind of fixed up
my eyebrows a little bit so hopefully
they're a little more on fleek this
azusa's is got my bob my leash era your
this shirt I got from London
Primark I think it's so soft it's a
great it's like so soft we should be
touch it touch it touch it right now
that kid
the weather was so random on the way
here was like raining so hard and the
next second was bright sunshine that one
put it was raining so hard but the Sun
was shining so bright it was like
basically heaven was opened up heaven
was opening up maybe Channing Tatum came
through
so wait here I'm here with this hippie
you're just amazing it s kg Stiles Baku
it isn't still hot it's the man of the
hour right you look at this
sup guys see Michael I know it spineta
and these are all the samosas butter
chicken this is a Punjabi cheeseburger
Punjabi cheeseburger Samoa what dosa
creamy Jenna masala an awesome alight
cheesecake I don't even like I don't
even wear my stretchy pants I failed I
failed all dressing ah dog started oh
and all of them I guess except the
butter chicken okay it's like you had it
are you wearing it okay hold up either
way this baby here we someone comment
below saying call it Lali
and I think there's a great idea base my
name according to a bone Islam is Lally
is Lally congratulation to our common
dead dad Oh dad okay so what is when did
you get I got the general I got the
general massager okay ready this
authentic authentic reviews here GS
years okay damn good wait
he's got me try the other one real
smooth I got me didn't trust is me
doesn't know rest my eyes like a dessert
it's Russell my cheesecake understand
this guy his brain Howard's okay I'm
gonna I'm just talking a bit I need my
smiles are in him let me explain to you
one more actually not ask me why am I
even talking explain what this is enough
okay so this is a collaboration between
wake-and-bake and I and it's Russ malai
cheesecake samosa
so we took a cheesecake with Russell my
flavors stuffing this mosa
with some cinnamon sugar on the other
side that's it tell them if they live in
the Brampton areas of gt-r's how can
they experience this right here this
every Friday we're at brisket at 160
Wilkinson Drive from 5 to 8 or you can
go to WI the means rose or a road
or you go to WWE Mossad today and you
can find out exactly i order them and
i'll put that in the description as well
and do it this bag daddy you ain't
experience the most unless you see I'm
taking about right now hold up hold up
hold up I'm like I'm so excited I'm
scared you know you're so excited scared
I'm scared you're Jace's I'm scared is
gonna be delicious and I'm fat you seven
hundred more for you like they're gonna
curse dad yeah we make a cheer all cheer
shoes I'm ready for getting my friends
my creepy janitor records there goes my
hopes I've ever have I could be anybody
okay they're chibi oh that's what we
sell them on Fridays cuz on Friday is
usually she meals on Saturday Sunday
I didn't want my garnet wait you don't
go up my hair
I don't comprehend how this is happening
my mouth that's what I was I get the
description for them like what tip I had
explain to people what I best my cheese
they went like it's good think about
anything to do I it's the best way to
think like being credit and they'd
invited you and make sense it makes
sense right but also kind of in a way to
me tastes like glob German I don't know
why I don't know maybe yeah they might
like a spicy a little bit oh yeah this
is amazing I check it out then we
started raining again as you can see we
want to watch Ted too
techno music I love music it's probably
to be done but I still love it
I love that kind of humor so thanks for
doing she's wearing her shirt as a scar
Rondo skg still around a date
spending quality time together quality
with a cake all deep finding so by okay
that movie was way better that that
would be I actually laughed our lights
laughed out loud several times it's
really good it was funny I was like yo
they probably should all the best parts
in the trailer but they did there's like
a lot of parts I laughed a lot too so I
want a teddy bear
I'm great maybe my Thunder buddy I'm
scared of thunder this you should just
get a thunder oh my god your buddy I've
been looking for one I'm right here and
everybody's life uh-huh
let's bring colder funky guy so
basically in Toronto is caravan if you
don't know what that is is like Weston
is y'all Satan IV i v-i I say um shout
out to the Boyd I'm winding up the way
sorry it's Galvin but I say boy them on
in the show shadow to the gallon winding
up the waist up and carob and is the
place want to taste on Iran we have
Caribana
a huge weekend long parade thing I'm so
musics all like like you know that to
wine in ting which I love um we're
thinking about maybe going to a party
this weekend some point gathering the
posse going to a party is basically get
this I'm in front of my house and I'm
trying on to my garage but there's a
skunk there and I don't want to open a
garage because if the skunk gets in my
garage gonna attack me so basicly I'm
being held hostage in front my house by
this skunk I'm looking I see you I go
don't be acting like oh yeah I see you
I've never been sprayed by a skunk and I
don't plan to do that today but like I
see I see right there you meant fooling
me I seen you from mile away
I see using your white stripe
uh-uh-uh-uh my hi Bri I'm a hiding you
right now I see you I still see you
mm-hmm
I stay out here all night if I have to
Shh
hey can you please move by just chillin
I see your little eyes your little eyes
fightin love animals you know I swear I
damn anyways how are you how are you all
okay so by the way on the way home my
house was located an area where I always
get a ride check if you don't know what
that is I don't know if how many
countries happens in Canada we have some
called ride which is like the cops will
block off the road and they'll check for
like you know drunk driving and stuff um
and so like I just went through one is
okay ma'am you anything drinking like no
I haven't but I'm used to this I live
right there and I was getting okay cool
but all that no like I think it's kind
of awesome day to do that but at the
same times really sad that drunk driving
needs to be like enforced like they need
to check for that like that should just
be compassion of humans to not drive
drunk like there's nothing wrong with
drinking I drink I'm of age adult who
drinks I have there's nothing wrong with
that but to drink and drive like I am so
auntie anyone who thinks that's even
remotely like so many people think it's
like cool okay to do like not cool not
okay it breaks my heart that they got a
check for that stuff cuz that is just
straight up wack as eff almost as wack
as this skunk what you building a house
hold on hold on let me just drive closer
that's still good wait is that a shadow
or is it my turn my car so my lights can
see you know hold on yeah I see you I
see you got oh I'll be here for a while
so this skunk gives zero apps I'm gonna
leap on my car right up to it it does
not get let me show you this gum cola
can you see can you see that little
spunky right there not give no type of F
major and up mush on the whole night by
John Muir to me
it's literally been 15 minutes I'm
sitting in this car so I'm thinking
basically skunks there and my garage
doors over there I'm I'm refraining from
open the garage door
I'm scared the skunk will go in the
garage and the skull goes in the garage
and it's game over
so now I think I wanna open garage
analyze with the skull analyze what this
guy's gonna do and things if I start
driving into my garage I won't be able
to monitor anymore watch like trails in
behind me you know I mean my god it's so
like I don't want to say ugly because I
love all things but right now it's not
pleasant to me only some in the garage
the garage is closed now I I don't know
if it's in here so I have to put my way
I don't see anything I don't think it'd
be stupid enough to come to a garage
like okay we're clear I made it I'm
alive time to get to work so I'm going
to read a little bit and then I'm going
to head to bed my goal is to read two
books in this upcoming week ah that's my
goal um yeah that's how you think I
don't think so I didn't love you so much
in you in case you waited if you liked
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
like it subscribe and actually like
actually if you actually like the
channel it subscribe
yeah so you know I do a quick check if
they're toilet paper check is the seat
decently clean because that's me real
even if you hover which you should okay
sometimes you'll be hovering
