I woke up and there was boogers in my
nose morning I'm sorry I didn't vlog
yesterday I literally got home and slept
the entire day well no I had a
conference call and I did some work but
like I took a legit like nine naps out
the day cuz I need to catch up on sleep
which is why I woke up so late today it
is 2:17 p.m. and I'm just starting my
day that's okay a lot of things to do
today
so many things are happening on
yesterday my dad was swimming with he's
sick and so I came home at 7 a.m. I went
to sleep and I woke up and no one was
home it was like no my name is hi to mom
barely my dad had called the hospital
has got a really bad pain in his stomach
and he's still there right now overnight
not he has to go for surgery I think
this has been wrong with his gallbladder
something I don't know I haven't gone to
the hospital because my mom said not to
come yet but unfortunately that's
happening and I'm just like I don't know
what's happening I hope he's okay but
I'm sure he's okay so that's happening
my sister could give birth at any moment
she's so close to having a baby so
that's happening so there's a lot of
hospitals and medical things happening I
have so much life catching up to do
since I'm finally back home I have a
parcel that they wouldn't give to my
parents that I got picked from FedEx
billion emails to do and this boogers in
my nose so you know oh and today's
Thursday
so video today so it's an eventful day
let's get started
FedEx is gonna become the new air can
drop momentarily Wow the amount of
things I gotta do to get this package
right now it's actually from Birmingham
literally go here print these papers
take it here stamp at there go drive
drive to another location pick it up
freakin give a urine sample give a blood
test what's up I just walk my unicorn
daddy make that my pants got me why is
it so difficult I'm actually more
annoyed because my parents told me that
they want to go pick up this package and
like FedEx refused they're like no
you're not Lilly refused and they tried
to explain that she's on a tour we can
give you her IDs we can give you
everything like don't send it back and
apparently there was super rude to my
parents and one guy and I quote said to
my mom what did your daughter do that
she's so busy and she's like she makes
YouTube videos like she's not twenty
saying oh so she makes YouTube videos
she can't be that busy I'm gonna go find
this dude right now I'm be like hi I
just want to do that world tour who
would have month world tour what did you
do mother ever and you know I don't like
to be like that well you do not speak to
my mom like that I'm so protective of my
parents I'm gonna go find that boy right
now first I gotta go print these
documents God God I'm necessary look at
the sky how Pixar does that look um I'm
headed to this FedExed place I implied
any makeup because like I just don't
feel like it I'm also wearing the same
clothes I wore a lot my clothes are
packed up and Odyssey is a part of
coming home gives me anxiety because I
see my room and I see the state of
everything and I'm just like I forgot
about all this I also have enjoy my car
in like two months I'm sorry baby I love
you I didn't forget about you may I'm
headed to this FedEx thing it's like
literally an hour away I don't
understand that bloody hell I don't get
it but yeah
leg up forget this when I was on the
phone with that lady I asked her I said
okay I'm gonna grow this customs place
I'm gonna clear this and then I gotta go
pick it up from FedEx I'll go to
different places like how far is it she
coats around the corner it's 25 minutes
away how big is this corner there's
Shrek live on this corner what is this
go on
you know but it's okay you know why I
guess it's a small thing the sky looks
beautiful look how beautiful this guy
looks it's a good day this is not gonna
this is fine let's do it twenty five
minutes here we go okay so now I know is
Birmingham this huge thing so that means
all of the UK shows are in there so I do
get your fan mail and all the stuff you
guys can get meet and greets so mission
the gap but I got it
I did see one guy and there that I think
was the route guy with an everyone else
and there was so nice and they'll watch
my videos and stuff so I was like you've
made up first sign that's a good we long
time it's 5:15 p.m. I'm going to head
home have a bunch of work to do
including we work on newsletter I got a
video and a bunch of other secret things
but I'm kind of hungry like let's do
what I always do what am I gonna do
comment below pause comment below and
let me know what I'm about to do right
now let's see how well you know me fan
yes you wanna close this Chipotle's
let's do it oh you know what actually
it's a rush hour and I think going to
Chipotle will set me back a lot of time
because I get stuck in traffic so my
head home and see if there's one closer
to my house I really don't think there
is public 20mins with my house but if I
have to pick work over to polish they
remind me of this moment if I ever hit
another mile soldier succeed with you
know why it's because that time you gave
a Chipotle that much I love team super
so let's talk about how cute my mom is
come home food this is what I like how
cute she's still at the hospital my
dad's been there since yesterday now I
think he's going to surgery she's not
really responding I think because
Possible's phones feels like that but
knowing my dad he is such a trooper and
he'll be just fine so I'm just waiting
on updates regarding that and trying to
keep myself busy and not think about it
that's what I'm doing as I pull my rice
poor nice it's all gloomy okay just
finish eating but I really want ice
cream now so I'm gonna go get some ice
cream now you see how I problem-solve
into it
hi can I get a recess blizzard please a
recess blizzard
I guess the medium can you put extra
happiness in it and extra happiness yeah
that's it no no the normal that's okay
just a normal one extra fudge bonus that
could be extra happiness home silly so
every time you buy a blizzard they do
this thing it only scared to do but they
always do it but it's kind of melting
down scared but I'm gonna do it haha you
do this to show like up just your how
thick it is but I'm like won't all ice
cream do that we spit does a Reese Reese
is what I know English so I've been on
snapchat to the past forever that I
don't remember if I said it in the vlog
and if I did I'm a bad for repeating it
but we've been nominated for two Teen
Choice Awards and if you're in this for
the second time then that's how good my
memory is so you can vote every day
actually three times a day once per
platform once on Facebook once on
Instagram once on Twitter using the
hashtag choice youtuber and tag me at I
suppose I I or choice web star comedy
and then tag me at iisuperwomanii so I'm
nominee for both of those and so is my
BAE Miranda for comedy and a whole bunch
of other wonderful people are nominated
I feel so honored to be included but you
can vote once a day I'll put all that
information in the description as well
so yeah that would be awesome if if we
we won that'll be pretty cool but it's
an honor just to be nominated
I know y'all deserve this so go vote for
yourselves team super huzzah building so
much stuff is around that time of the
day where I'm jet lag and you might
think you know try and at least that
there's not much of a time difference
but I've noticed that when there's less
of a time to
actually struggle more when it's like
India and 12 hours that oh I just
literally have to pull an all-nighter or
I have to sleep all day but with like
three hours or five hours even London
everything our time with that slight
adjustment screws me over so much more I
don't know why
no really sleepy it's 8 o'clock haven't
started my video yet so I've decided to
get off my bed and walk over here also
I've received news from my mom that my
dad did have a surgery and apparently
went very well
um I think as I stay at the hospital one
more night and I haven't seen him yet so
um well wishes from Papa Bear and I'm
sure he's a superstar as per usual why
am i opening the fridge did I say I said
I was going to work why am i winged
fridge god I guess killing me I'm
sitting you're trying to think about
video idea and I'm like I'm dish I'm
debating if I should take it not but we
both know that's a bad idea
my eyes are all watery uh they both know
that's a bad idea it's 8:45 p.m.
should I sleep until 9:30 I don't know I
count function maybe I will stay tuned
in case I slept for an hour and 15
minutes I'm still so tired but I need to
get up I swear I thought of a video I
did before I fell asleep and then I fell
asleep and I don't know what it was I
swear I had one and it came up with a
whole ID like whole video while I was
falling asleep and I have no idea so I'm
back to not having a video idea okay
11:45 p.m. and I still don't have an
idea I don't know what's going on my
brain is not working I cannot think of
an idea and I'm trying to ask people for
suggestions on Twitter but but I'm
listening to me cuz they just keep
voting which I guess is a good problem
but Wow I've never been this stumped
before I don't know what it is I can't
think of an idea my brain is bulking oh
okay just finished recording my video it
is 118 am i mix struggling to speak
these days I think I speak way faster
like I generally speak really fast but
recently I've spoken I start to speak
way faster couldn't always yells at me
for this is good you speak so fast um so
we're gonna slow down the way I speak a
little bit I can't like control if I'm
gonna try because I keep like messing up
my words in my Hagen in my video and in
life and as someone who does a lot of
public speaking that's probably not a
good thing
having said that I don't think I speak
fast on today on stage at my video now I
am Adam and India
oh hey puppy mmm ease I'm gonna have to
bed now it is 4 a.m.
sorry it was an eventful action out
sorry that's what I did today what we
did he what do we do we all right we
spent all day getting a package that's
ok I released a video it is called why
public washrooms trust me the link to a
main channel is in the description to go
check that out also I want to be
standing on my newsletter in like 24-48
hours so if you haven't signed up for
that completely free go to triple W team
super dot CA and sign up for that cuz
it's called me awesome says other than
that um tomorrow I am going to chill
with Sandy
we're gonna go visit Rick has this
little pop-up shop where you selling
samosas and he's
doing this crazy things muscles up I'll
show you all about it tomorrow for now
hope you have a great night morning
evening afternoon lunch brunch dinner
wherever you are and send you lots of
hugs and kisses
we're nominated for a Teen Choice does
it even matter if we would wear nominate
who what how if you liked it subscribe
if you like it subscribe which you
should
okay sometimes we'd be hot bringing your
that ad gives out a left but she touches
the senior like it happens to the best
of us okay so you get a make sure the
see in a hotter finesse my booty hit the
seat once my booty hit the seat
spread about this close to burning my
booty move girl like that
Oh
