good team that brings breakfast down to
LA because you could never be goddamn on
time pairs before today we are heading
our excursion to visit the set of
Jumanji
ATVing some waterfowl thing come back go
to my email i gotta finalize the script
today for a clap who should he want to
get back to LA let's do it welcome to
the jungle
- the jungle sucks I have no idea we're
doing also I have no idea I hope there's
a rhinoceros and a hippo I want to eat
my hippo you ready buddy Jenny are you
boys super egos out here we also got
another super fantastic person here 84
years now - you know I've been 83 a
GoPro to capture some footage with and
testing in the head thing we're gonna
capture so much nice things we're gonna
share experiences dope experience some
great memories why because hustle harder
and we get these things or I became a
nun so help me out here doing the
sexiest closure with a fanny pack in the
history of ever
what to be a huge adult
all right mate so here's the thing right
in the movie they have to return the
jewel to the eye of the Jaguar and the
Jaguar up there all that little thing
that it's I just learned not real and
CGI when you're in the jungle you still
got to make that coin we're gonna get
you guys up to the warehouse scene
rpts seen from Jumanji here they also
shot a see from Jurassic Park on that
long where they jump over that log it's
right over this truck and you much wait
standing where history has been made yes
I'm such a nerd I'm such aa robot
interesting park
it's not that Horsham horsing around
Bojack oh my god Bojack I'm such a huge
fan oh my god I loved you in that one
episode where saralyn was liking like a
brad and you were like I'm just horsing
around you she was it's a good boy don't
move away from me like all other men
okay thank you come back what's up just
woke up from a nap much-needed ways away
it was so early but since then I've
released my second clip of Christmas
with Chelsea Handler and I did super 60
so give me the point snapped and did the
release and the super 60 and now I'm
bout to do my makeup and I order some
food cuz we have a cocktail party to go
to let's get ready okay so like I kind
of dressed up and instantly got a man
it's the weirdest crap ever and we like
totally laid and I ain't talked about a
flower garden that was great oh my god
I'm exhausted but not really okay let's
go to the cocktail i got the tail
covered and every other I got a vodka
raspberry lemonade extravaganza and that
will aid me and my embarrassment in case
my nipple pops though because I didn't
realize how low my shirt just unwrapped
you need like a thirsty
everybody what time is it cake - I
don't know these people can be getting
used to replay on that minimal movement
that does happen
jailor just has the sweetest thing I was
talking about some nightmares I'm like
you just have energy bugs in the world
hands like that's you for me back I'm
getting a pimple there in there oh joy
I'm gonna watch the face to go to bed
what an eventful day oh my goodness what
a good day let's see how we did
so I just I can't believe this toilet
isn't making this noise right now what
is happening but I also can't believe
this is my life like it's a really cool
thing it means so much to me truly they
get to come along with me I don't think
I would enjoy it as much if you didn't
get to come along with me and be part of
my journey and be part of all those cool
things we get to do and I really hope
you do feel part of the experience
because I really value you being part of
the experience and I hope you feel the
same way and I just I love you so much
I'm so so so so so grateful so thank you
for being here thank you for supporting
and so tomorrow we're gonna cruise on
beach in and some relaxing some alcohol
consumption children who if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe also
like I'm so heavily impacted by movies
after watching Jumanji and like visiting
the set now I feel like I'm in the
jungle and I want to be like on an ATV
and just like I'm pretending there's
rhinos everywhere like the movies so
good I can't I can't express how awesome
and fun I'm not just saying that because
Dwayne's ending you know I know I'm
biased right it's seriously oh look at
that
there and I'm here but it's dope
