yo what's up good morning I'm sorry to
vlog yesterday I'll tell you why in a
little bit but I am right in early with
like 10:30 a.m. I am heading to an
audition which is very strange this is
this is a situation really big really
hard audition not even trying to be
humble I'm not gonna get it but the
auditions really like intense and
interesting so instead of shying away I
was like okay let me go to this really
difficult really intense audition that
I'm not gonna get but at least it'll be
a learning experience for future
hydrogen so I'll tell you more about in
a little way but I had to park like 10
centuries away someone's read Wallkill
speak to you soon I did it I did it
today today did it I did it and it
doesn't matter if I did it well or well
I think I did pretty decent but it
doesn't matter the point is I did it and
let me speech you properly because
before I was I like it's basically a big
audition I can't tell you anything about
it because I signed a nondisclosure
agreement and stuff but when I saw it I
was like this is so huge there's no way
I'm getting this and I'm not I swear to
god I'm not being like oh you know I'm
not I know my limit and I was like this
is like a really big thing and it would
make sense for me to get this but I was
like you know what the and I was so
proud of my thought process here I'm
like the audition seems really intense
I've only been to like a handful
auditions and this one seemed really
really in towns like they wouldn't give
me any information I really had to go
here like early memorise everything
they're in their office was really
really intense and I was really
horrified and I was just like yeah I'll
do it just so I could experience it and
like learn and be like okay well let's
do this for the first time try something
new every day let's do it so I did it it
was intense I went into actually really
nice and supportive because I've been to
some auditions where they're like really
like intense and not welcoming and very
nerve-wracking but I did it and I
honestly don't even care I generally
don't care if I did well or not or if I
get if I don't get it which I've I've
done the most important part of this is
that I did it and I learned something
new today which means gonna be a great
day I literally took 14 steps out of my
comfort zone so good day I'm moving on
from that yesterday I've logged for half
the day and then I stopped volleying
what is that what happened was
I'm not gonna get too many details cuz
not my place to say so this is car gonna
hit me you know it's not my place to say
so but yesterday I found out that
someone I know admittedly don't know
that that well but I know a lot of
people that know this person very well
passed away in a very tragic awful way
and I just the whole day I was like so
heavy hearted and so I couldn't I didn't
feel right vlogging and I feel right
doing anything and I just I still feel
like I can't get it off my mind the
person was really close to and my
friends and one my cousins and I'm like
trying to message them but I'm just like
what do you even say to people in those
situations so I'm super heavy hearted
about that and I still am but I'm trying
to be productive and do things and just
my mind is all over the place but I
think my head to the YouTube space now
and do a little bit of work sorry if I'm
a bit scatterbrained today so I'm going
on up here so I don't know if you
remember but I used to space all the
time and so many things have changed
they have this whole hall that's like
full of inside out stuff now over this
like they knew I was coming good this
cool thing it's so dope let's find
Hubble for example since I'm bored
no I'm kidding humbles like the happiest
person of life but this is so cool so
many things have changed and I got to
see John B and I'm happy but I'm
actually shooting with finebros today
for youtubers react so I go back to the
hotel pick up some clothes and head on
over there and it's on the opposite side
of town so I think I'm gonna do that
soon
I'm gonna send like two more emails and
I'm on my way
check this out YouTube space is having a
Western VidCon after-after-party that I
do not know about or else I would stay
and totally throw down a hoedown you
know Hannah Montana is that house uh but
I gotta go shoot fun goes right now so I
will go to that I stopped by my hotel
for did I tell you this I feel like I
just told you this I'm pretty sure I
just told you that's okay and stop
vlogging now so this is my hotel and I'm
not mad about it
I tweeted this a while ago too but I'm
gonna vlog it too I feel like I'm the
only person that will ever say actually
really enjoy driving in LA yeah there's
some traffic but like it's so pleasant
the radios wicked here
weathers Pleasant also on a completely
unrelated note I freaking love bugles
Hey comment below if you could relate
this is not a brand deal I'm not gonna
be I just really freaking love Buell put
them on your finger and make a little
fly out from where all of them look
where I am
look oh my oh we're okay you're gorgeous
Oh gorgeous yeah you look at Ryan
clipper go where to look I know where I
was I see myself this is what you
already yes it's a starter we just fell
mat youtubers react and we watch JK no
yeah okay we're not telling you but stay
tuned because the come on and these
wonderful let's talk about how they did
a teens react to super one video so good
that I'm going to react to today oh yeah
obviously I got a react to it and I was
so nervous I was fine the most so
nervous to watch it because I was like
bracing myself I was in like breathing
exercises and like oh my god we so many
mean things but it was overwhelmingly
positive
well it's our honor to do that we look
at those like love notes to these
channels thank you or thought we won't
have ever you guys people did love it
thanks man
so you didn't like pay them oh my god
not on your behalf you you aren't any
Air Farce to just finished shooting with
the finebros two of my favorite people
honestly they're so cool they're so
awesome they're so social likeable and
approachable and just rad but check out
this view wowzers Wow fun fact a video I
made a long time ago I think I remember
what I was wearing I was like a
button-up I think it was types of burps
haven't made a video like that oran
types of sneezes types of sneezes I
think I'm gonna denim button-up I did in
the same hotel I'm in the exact same
hotel and remember ordering a pizza that
was the best piece I've ever had and I
recognized as the same hope talked as I
was going to the menu and I was like is
this that pizza so I order the pizza
I choose that which bowl today because
of my polish mom okay no it's Monday -
no this video day and I know it's 8
o'clock p.m. in LA which means it's like
11 p.m. in Toronto but I am about to eat
delicious pizza eat french fries and
watch TV and I'll make my video after
but I'm more relaxed for one hour and
I'm too excited to check this out right
now I don't look simple but trust me
when I say it's so good and you know
whoa and I got a dessert in the fridge
it's a bloody good moment this one piece
of growing here it's just just why the
time is 9:30 8 p.m. I have not started
working on my video yet I'm actually
didn't know if you remember in the LA
house I got a massage I told Sarah to
call me that same massage company
because I've had a migraine all day and
I thought maybe since I'm hungry which
is why I ordered food first but it's not
going away so I think I need a massage
even though I got only 2 days ago um and
I'm hoping when Migron will go away uh
yeah and then I'm gonna make my reacting
video to teens reaction saying I'm
thinking about doing with Manjeet and
bungee just make it a little bit more
exciting so stay tuned you was sub just
got out of the shower migraine is still
not completely gone but I'm feeling a
little bit better I think I'm just gonna
sleep still makeup on me yes like I
didn't even look in the mirror um Wow
look I got punched in the face ignore
that we're all comfortable here but yeah
I posted my video me reacting to change
reacting to me link is in the
description of my main channel I
included my parents but interestingly
enough the comments were like a lot of
comments were oh I would prefer to see
just you react and that kind of like
made me feel special I included my
parents because I was like oh people
aren't gonna like it that has to be like
funny but a lot of you just want to see
my reaction and I do have that so maybe
I'll upload just me reacting as well in
like my blog town or something but
either Notah been it's been a eventful
day got to stay positive I think we
going tomorrow I got a meeting in the
morning
um I got to figure out how I'm getting
the risk abroad on the floor I'd figure
out how I'm getting all this stuff home
I got to ship it or do something I don't
know I figure it out um and I'm flying
home tomorrow night so Wednesday morning
I should get home after like a month and
a half not exciting
for now we sleep did you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you liked it subscribe yes poor Danielle
the types I'll delete the house of um of
communication ages my life all day
tick-tick-tick are ya ready Callie's
talking about
