87 it has no relevance in my life
good morning not really it is like 4:00
p.m. I woke up at 2:00 I'm struggling
with the jetlag don't know what to do
about it um today's exciting
there is a motivational speaker I guess
that's how you classify him if not most
sorry for my ignorance but his name is
Trent Shelton I believe my following his
stuff on Facebook for a long time
because he's all about like positivity
and like he has thing called rehab time
where he's like all about like loving
yourself and confidence awesome all the
things on Unicorn Island so like I
followed her stuff for a while and I saw
that he's a show in Toronto so a message
and was like hey and he watches my stuff
too so now I'm going to show with humble
I have no idea what to expect its
downtown but I'm really excited I've
never met him in my life but it would go
to a show and meet him today this is how
I make friends these days I just
messaged strangers on the internet and
then we meet up don't follow my example
so I'm just waiting for humble and yeah
so traumatized when that skunk
experience history by the way also we
are sending out the team super
newsletter today I think it's my
favorite one I think it's my favorite
one um jazz my work grey as the team and
jazz killed it in terms of like the
layout and stuff and even like the
content I think is really really good we
have some really good ideas for making
the next one even better so if you
haven't subscribed to my newsletter yet
you lose nothing it is absolutely free
it's not spam it's not a virus you'll
just get like I'll tell you what's in it
so there's uh exclusive selfies no one
cares about that but um visit QAS with
me there is what happened last month
what's happening next month I give you a
little hint any secret projects I'm
doing there's advice from bottom jeath
and when teeth as well there's the jam
of the month which is my favorite song
this month video of the month a video
that you might have not seen what else
is there all this all this all the times
we've been in the media there is
there's a new section this month called
monthly missions this is a bit of hope
like if you're interested in being part
of the community and part of the family
and part of the team sign up it's triple
double team super dot CA it's completely
free team super dot see a it was hot
hope humble lets us get slushies you
look who it is
it's humbler whom Little Italy poet
we're at this thing we have no idea what
that F to expect right so it's gonna be
interesting we are also starving we both
just had cereal I thought I would only
just have cereal but they say where do
you have cereal we both have wack
actually no we don't have lack food
priorities why did I go cereal and they
wake up look at him movie we'll go play
he's grumpy because I'm not room the way
he sees it he's be forced to go to
weddings he's grumpy over here
and I initially I was like oh I don't
think just convincing like he has a
different demographic whatever when I
would start every night over super
awkward
I'm told you see my videos I'm not gonna
be easy
they're gonna stay here I can say yeah
nothing what you're like for me
the man of the hour Trent just in case
you're watching this and you don't know
who this handsome fella is he makes
amazing inspirational motivational
videos I'll put his link in the
description what does the facebook.com
slash this gentle face become like Trent
Shelton
like okay there it is I won't put the
description you gotta check them out you
feeling down my sting let's check him
out and then check me out after
bezzerides damn the automated often
gather operation have any more shows in
uh yeah just go to undies influence that
order yeah everything's under there I'm
gonna come out more to Canada man shame
alone right through the struggle
Boxing Day was today
that was crazy I'm sorry about her she's
done thank you
thanks so the shows the show was awesome
he is like the mean humble have is one
common thing we love one-liners like
one-liners like yeah so yes a lot of ly
good one-liners of great charisma great
show I really enjoyed it it's such a
nice sweet person as well um we are
finding probably now obviously as we
would and I love that it's 813 and still
bright outside it makes me very happy
also it's the busiest weekend ever in
Toronto because terabyte
Caribana ovo valve
no one does long weekend is long weekend
so there's so many things our walk
around is that Caribana party I really
want to go to Caribana party I've never
been I'm just a caravan a party they're
a lot of fun really want to go when I
dance I'm so gone ready yeah I haven't
been productive yes like past like one
and a half days he's really been
bothering me like I feel dirty
so we need to pole and thing we're gonna
work session my house were a little bit
of a humble can't stay too long cuz it's
a wake up early for a wedding he's so
excited so he's about to work sesh
humble has inside he's not going to
sleep because there's a woman he loved
to be there for 7:30 and you know no one
else is gonna be there 7:30 are you
gonna be the reserve authority so he's
about to work session up I'm teaching
myself how to use tumblr right now learn
things that promises that I'd be more
active on tumblr so if you don't follow
me already follow me on tumblr its
iisuperwomanii dot tumblr calm and I'm
planning to become way more active
because I'm teaching myself how to use
it I just read blog some things I me
profession profession so the time is
what time is it it's only one humble
left he didn't end up staying to a
because he was getting tired so he left
um I feel like the last couple days I
haven't been too productive like I've
still done stuff but I know I feel like
it's hard to adjust from tour life to
this cuz no matter what I do in a day
feel like I'm not doing anything um
that's okay it's cool we chillin it's
fine take it easy but there's still lots
of things to be done um it's fine
tomorrow we'll have a work day tomorrow
we also you know it is I'm doing a lot
of like leisure things and nothing's
wrong with that because like you know
balance but I think I just for two
months have been like tor tor tor so
it's kind of like just taken a toll on
my brain tomorrow I do have a birthday
dinner as well so it's not even like I
have a full day to do work but I think
starting Monday things should even up
it's good to do leisure things sometimes
I'm just talking to myself right now I'm
just not even you're probably I chopped
I thought by even I think these popcorn
stuck in my teeth because it hit some
popcorn and now I think is ticking my
Keef
I should go wash my face
I'm also halfway down this book girl bus
and then after this I'm going to read
humbles book and then I finished Grace's
book my goal to read these three books
so within the next week week and a half
and I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do wait
you may know ahead Disney's I'm sorry
for wasting last minute and a half of
your life good I might it's it's
nighttime um I'm gonna head to bed it's
1:30 so we're you know I'm I could fall
asleep till 4:00 or 5:00 a.m. and then
you screwed over and wake up late but
I'm gonna try my best I'm gonna try maps
the best I'm gonna read a little bit go
to sleep tomorrow is another day and the
day in of the challenge what updates
drawn reference um like I said I brought
the dare to go to UM nothing's gonna
work maybe I'll make Monday's video we
all know I can never make a video in
advance um today was awesome tables cool
pretty laid-back pretty chill
I met Trent I was awesome I love making
new friends that was really cool right
now I'm going to have sweet dreams and
then wake up and work hard to fulfill my
dreams if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe yeah so you know I do the
quick check is there toilet paper check
is the seat decently clean because
that's me real even if you hover which
you should okay
sometimes we be hovering your left ad
gives down your left butt cheek touches
