I woke up here with all these people
JK yo today's VidCon wearing to VidCon a
voice then my body is dead but the
hustle continues today is super exciting
surprises that we can tell you book is
gonna come tomorrow right we can do that
yeah so we're doing a surprise flash mob
at VidCon or all of these people we're
going to be unicorn onesies to my uptown
funk parody as we be so freaking awesome
and now I'm gonna dance dripping buckets
and so hot I'd know how much reason
onesie I barely know the dance but could
do a few performers you know how to
freestyle you got this brand-new fresh
onesies right here
I've never been dancing always will do
this flash mob VidCon of get shut down
we still get into it we still gon do it
here we go it's my bed I learn I must do
this flash mob piece you're supporting
me like a true Bay
it's ghosting me pretend like I know the
dance I'm good it was my first class I
need to deliver
does anybody have some vodka no kidding
back have fun yeah go to VidCon so yeah
done three one two that's doing
yeah
because
really matter what the choreo for first
time is like fun yo shout-out to my you
corns I just can't and humble for
holding down humble in Jessica humble
and jazz for holding down the recording
literally like ill vlogging one hand
snap chops all that he like bags on each
arm
some kids box it'll either wasn't an
accident but definitely just be how was
fun haja first VidCon experience imagine
inside the convention that's just a
small there's like doesn't crazy number
15,000 people here's my gum it's crazy
um but we can order some room service I
mean establish where we had in yeah
headed to go see the Paper Towns
premiere at VidCon not premiere
screening but screaming listen oily we
will see the screening of Cape Town and
afterwards there's gonna be a panel with
John Green well the other actors little
over the present let him by meeting John
Green is like my favorite you do I try
to pull some strings but we won't get to
out up until you action meet him because
I don't want this point but that's what
I did let's get me bun
not the real violent violent house
what's not right now get it on
Thank You Jess even car odd Matt Alex in
Toronto and here in Anaheim John wick
Jake Halston jazz thank you so much and
him some movie was great
there's so detaining so insightful very
very insightful um and now we're waiting
to go say what's up to John backstage
backstage the show stay sure you've in
the back in the back but uh risk all in
the foils everybody else I built the box
yeah no idea but as we're waiting for
it's a reunion way to visit data on both
um I know you're kind of like what I was
going on but yeah so reunion we all went
to yoga actually if you remember it was
because of you I started vlogging really
oh yeah they convinced me I walking in
Europe 100% 100% listen see dodging what
happening oh my god everybody don't care
what's happening resourcing right
welcome back how much beer is his first
VidCon party I was it was interesting
oh that's fun no it wasn't but I'm like
are you okay I was so protective yeah
she was very protective right but the
thing is I don't get bored you want to
know why cuz only boring people get
bored but I know so many other friends I
haven't seen in so long it's so nice to
see them we are in this hotel we're
heading back to our other hotel now
because we are throw down for some
reason all my stuff is over there so and
I don't want to stay at the VidCon hotel
because it's gay also yes literally
little kids this literally little kids
like zombies like this selfie and mad as
medicine but I went back to the hotel we
just fish eating del Taco is my first
time in Del Zotto
would there's no me I liked it I'm tired
as f now no more sleep I want to do this
but I can't guess we'll just look at it
yeah it's a maggots unicorn mug one of
you Wonderful's bought it for me thank
you so much I have so many gifts to ship
back from the last three shows so I'm
really excited about that
my room is officially a disaster because
this morning also wait the hell do you
get this wristband off it's so annoying
yo that was bad could be tighter and
tighter and I think I'm stuck with it
for life I know crazy had such a good
time seeing all my YouTube friends um I
want to give a special shout out to a
few the memory is the memory so dope
maybe is one of my favorite human beings
on the planet
yeah I love me me like we couldn't get
into one of the parties because I didn't
have my lanyard thing and she like went
and found someone in like she's just
she's really real and true and I real of
her obviously called me now that was
well I got to catch up with Bethenny
that was really nice
gotta catch with Hannah and grace it was
nice to see everyone owes and I said
who's humble to everyone yes first time
a lot of it was very it was very nice to
you when you want to LA and you met John
Green we found no we made it happen we
got to meet him extremely briefly but it
was a wonderful encounter I just want I
needed to keep my promise or I would've
gone crazy so you're crazy
okay she is so nuts so she promised me
that I would meet him and I was like
wonderful great the person people I
relied on to get that meeting to happen
didn't happen they didn't have but we
saw what has that happening we go to up
the paper town premier or whatever it
was so we watch paper town he was there
and the plan was to go see him after but
I guess they were in a rush and he
literally from the movie left not like
it's okay I'm over it she's like no
we're gonna find them
I promise it so now we're both stranded
in like Disneyland I don't even know how
we made the Disneyland restricted in
Disneyland with no phones
we walked his hotel charger phone then
we go to this party where everyone said
he was at we walk around the party
multiple times nearly 10 times 3,800 not
as party as free food I just want to eat
some food like no you may not eat no
food I doing with John Green and we met
so many people and every time you mess
unless you like did you have you seen
John Green we need to find John Green
and he wasn't even at the boy he left
the party then we finally got there we
go to another party not someone that
maybe helped us get into and then we
finally met him but at that point he was
very late in the night and it was a
quick encounter and I really appreciate
it cuz she's a sweetheart like that she
does sweet thing and this is why she's
successful she puts her mind on
something whether it's not her work or
something simple like oh I want humble
to meet this guy and she could have met
him tomorrow I could beat him next month
but no she said it she sticks with it
okay actions scream words words for a
lot of people say stuff don't listen to
what people say just pay attention to
what they do and with that I'm the doer
oh thank you with that I would say if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe check out my documentary
teaser on my main channel video go right
now spread the word and if you you like
and subscribe
- no Lily like her fans know or know
that she's incredibly driven incredibly
driven when you have that drive than the
future
