a final check in a final everything as a
group morning we are headed to Anaheim
and I am not feeling good at pain in my
side / stomach feels like it feels like
burning umm and I needs me a head at a
time for our last show our 30th show I
have no idea what to feel what's
happening right now um this is the vibe
so it's clearly not just me everyone is
collapsing and dying today observe we
don't need a betting anything you're
just collapsing everywhere we are so
tired and of all days today I alone have
a very early call time oh my god I can't
stand so good and yo so today no sleep
happened no sleep happened there's so
many people here
Sarah's here yeah this year Simone is
here series coming but first I'm doing a
shoot with del which I'm really excited
about cuz you know I'm a computer geek
nerd technology person and they're
helping me out with some of my tour
stuff so I'm gonna do video with them
watching window right now and like I'm
gonna pretend like I'm not dying of
sleep deprivation that's not yesterday
that's the key sorry I'm gonna interrupt
this whole shoot right now cuz I'm too
busy hitting 6 million subscribers I do
child
ah okay back to work
so today Simone has blown my mind
because I always say she's a different
person at the hair down and her up she's
done by now what are you gonna do I
don't know what to think and she just
kept on my show I'm in I'm in for
station also I'm gonna force it to be my
friend Iman stores also I her forth okay
good you have never ended I care what
you say you're in central French yeah
yeah the safest type of man Jack get how
normal this is so I didn't you doing a
show in Anaheim so if you were flaking
flop because I such as the nature here
but grace couldn't come and she sent me
this edible arrangements and where's the
house she's such a sweetheart that grace
I tell you it says it says sorry I
couldn't make the show I'm sure you will
did murder all of it dead
see you at VidCon vodka shots on me with
deepest sincerity grace helping and it's
a boy this book I freaking love it thank
you so much grace you're so wonderful I
appreciate that sentiment a lot so about
to our last meeting group I mean this
super rad shirt is Banksy yes John
bought it first I copied her
Love Wins um let me go now I'm not
eating a whole rice before I perform
because I learned my lesson from
yesterday we're not doing that oh look
look the vlog about nothing new jazz
cares about what are you know what this
is yeah eat the marker food anything
maybe I leave another banner will see
all these people here look the dot cast
brassiere look Scott's here a blows your
supply boy such a pilot in such a
problem is Pablo and all these people
cuz I don't know will well an amazing
all here there's mad people here today
mad people so let the claustrophobia
begin dad what show is this the last
show show 30
it's so bittersweet I can I don't know
how to feel right now I feel like my
heart is being ripped out of my chest I
don't know how to feel right now oh oh
but it's a ha no sighs that's nice okay
it's Joe 32 men emotions too many
emotions are going through right now so
what a last show at do a big you have a
live projection going on
so you can see me live on the screen I
love that
this is the first I've never done this
is Gianna she's adorable in gorgeous and
I am signing her bucket list right now
right here and number one is talk to and
meet subbu and I'm gonna check it off
right there and I'm gonna sign it and I
feel honored to be on your bucket list
girl mmm thank you so much just finish
my last meeting read and look at all
this stuff like on all the fields all
fields I need to go back and I talked to
myself that bald feels right
Wow
whatever wanted to go soup moving having
SoCal check
luxury what is my favorite people's we
came to show so last minute so sweet you
guys like it why it's you did
I'm not grandma's thank you so much for
coming and just told me other cool
people got my show I know I keep saying
this one my favorite people is here oh
my god the big sister this was awesome
this was like a girl sent out I'm
hanging out with the big kids guys
moving up in the world
no so soon wonderful things are becoming
some of a is here I just saw your guys's
superwoman rock my world
she's amazing my year superwoman what I
said but you're mais the woman that I
love and she's amazing super
inspirational and he just did an amazing
phenomenal job and you did everything
that you
thank you tell me if you recognize this
person
maybe when vanillin candidate came to my
show
let's go bought a ticket how CIA giving
you a ticket well your sweetest ever mad
support thank you so much for coming and
I hope you liked it you leaving and I
loved it
thanks girl it's not a good before you I
kept all the feels I can do this so
something amazing is about to happen and
I don't know what it is we're gonna find
out one love superwoman that is a wrap
and Zoop
look at that choreography I love it
that's a long time one welcome to the
final powwow that's about to happen it's
a wonderful thing someone gave me sick
I'm at inside I'll give some very I
think the most because I've ever gotten
before was that this me angry um I
obviously have so many emotions and
feeling but I will discuss them with you
later first and foremost you said these
people are your killed the show did so
well they surprised me on stage with six
million teachers with an subscribe these
sweethearts and I had no idea initially
initially I thought cuz I knew something
was going on I'm like you are these lame
people gonna bring a cake on stage as so
lame but they did it and they surprised
me something way cooler so I was very
happy about it
and McGee and chase for commas - Hey -
am I called time tomorrow is ten I know
what the tour is done but we still call
time tomorrow because nothing really
exciting going on tomorrow
it is the con and I'm taking part of it
con and I think I'm allowed to say is
and if I'm not there Missouri um we are
doing a flash mob with all the dancers
and like 50 other people in your onesies
to promote 82 I at VidCon basically
VidCon I'm going to promote the
documentary that we'll be releasing for
my tour now which will be uploaded on my
channel on Friday so excited about that
and the dance is over there turning up
attempting to get me humble to come
equal you know it may not be glamorous
but it's equally responsible yes that's
accurate
great I'm gonna go show fish out the
little party over there and then I'm
asleep so I'm gonna see everybody else
on Friday because we're having a party
for VidCon but this guy is not coming so
I don't know when I'm ever gonna see him
again but I'm sure I will
you wanna see me up Friday either
discharge em he's great you know he's
wonderful
I mean the bestest Tarzan ever yo so I
know sounds become so smashed right now
but I'm actually really really tired I'm
like so tired I'm delusional they're all
chillin over there and I just was like
hey guys have fun I need to go to sleep
tomorrow's another workday another day
another challenges because a torrent
today doesn't mean tomorrow we sleep in
it because now VidCon is all about
promoting the documentary and the
documentary is the only lasting piece
from this first part this the store it's
the lasting peace so I really want to
give it all the work and attention it
deserves because as many people came to
the shows and is amazing as it was and
all 30 of them were so wonderful uh more
people will probably see this
documentary and that's just another way
for me to spread the message of unicorn
out into the world so I really want to
put all my effort and energy into it so
it's fine something I've learned to this
tour
is you can't have FOMO you can't have
fear of missing up when people are
partying of course it's okay
and I party sometimes and I let loose
sometimes but I don't want to ever look
back on my life and think hey I could
have done this really great project
better if I just didn't stay up and
party one night I don't want that to be
the reason and they're not even partying
there just like drinking chilling out
and I think I prefer sleep right now um
yeah
they're all great I freaking love them
so much um I'm not making sense amar
because I'm so tired I'm so tired
just tour has been amazing and tiring
and now I don't even know what I'm
talking about because I think I'm
falling asleep but this is but I just
did 30 shows around the world and I
traveled through so many time zones on
so many planes from India to Australia
to Dubai to Hong Kong to Singapore to UK
to Canada to America and it was tiring
and it was amazing it was wonderful and
I'm so sad it's over but I'm also mildly
relieved because I know I don't think
I'd be able to another show after this
one my voice and body I mean I could
with a little bit of a break but um it's
been such a wild ride and today during
the huddle I pretty much cried and I was
just telling them like this unicorn
island which is a place that was in my
head and this tour brought to life and
she changed so many people's lives
including my own including all the
dancers and it's just was such a magical
journey I'm so thankful and so blessed
and I am in a state of being known
because I don't know how I was feel so
I'm sure I'll talk about this in many
more vlogs to come oh damn it's a
three-minute clip
I'm sorry jazz I'm gonna go to bed
tomorrow I gotta wake up early flashmob
Tings tomorrow we hit VidCon another day
and that the challenge
um the hustle don't stop and it's worth
it if you liked it subscribe if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
yeah alright you ever will even be on
sea level dad's back
oh snap yeah one - more time I drove in
my whole life or my whole life trip to
you
