this is just mayor what up was at VidCon
and how I wish I was here right now but
I'm here right now that's okay I did
something really cool I did the Jimmy
Kimmel youtubers reading mean tweets it
was really cool hopefully they use me
they might not use me hopefully they do
um it was difficult though because I
don't swear so since I went in I was
like this one let you know that I don't
swear so I'm sure these two test
swearing and they're like oh and I
couldn't do a lot of them and I was like
I was apologetic cuz I'm like I'm sorry
that you weren't told before but at the
same time I wasn't willing to like
sacrifice it I was like I'm not gonna
swear it's it's just it's not a huge
deal but it's like if I start making
these sacrifices of what I believe it
now like that's not gonna be good for
future so they still let me do it own
was really cool I have a signing in a
little bit we're gonna eat first and
then I have my party today and my teaser
released today for my documentary which
is absolutely awesome there's a lot of
fun things happening but first I need to
eat oh yeah I just remember funny story
I wanna share with you based out the
whole swearing thing this happened once
I don't if I ever told you guys
once my audition I had to swear um and I
have this rule were like Lily as a
person I don't swear but if I ever had
to play a role in a movie I would swear
because I do believe when you're playing
a role you're playing a different
character and you're not yourself so
although Lily doesn't swear like if I
acted the role of someone else I would
and so I had to record an audition tape
and the only person that could read with
me was my mom and I was trying to swear
and I could I was like not used to it so
I was like transfer and my mom she's
like shut up and swear like she was
getting so annoyed at me and I couldn't
I'm like it was like the funniest crap
ever but anyways I just thought of that
one tell you jokes okay feels so strange
because I'm heading to a meet-and-greet
and dad what show is this dad's not here
because it's not one of my shows feels
so strange going to a meeting group
right now that's not one of my shows
hurting he actually it's physically
hurting me but I'm still very happy to
me whoever comes and it's gonna be fine
so let's do it
so my signing is about to start and so I
decided to stretch I just rip my pants
in the crotch area sometimes people are
gonna get us extra special meeting great
sorry am I really vlogging we're talking
to me like wheeze about to do this
where's dad juice is Hashanah hi
question Hong Kong yeah and she Hong
Kong a little bit con and still waited
line to meet me I love the little boy
you met me already at Hong Kong that's
very sweet I play so much
she's a job Sydney hi I'm sad this
really cool poster it's found online
it's not one of mine but I don't care
because it looks really cool and I'm
deciding for anyway it's really cool
thank you very cool shirt I'm having
lunch with beautiful people
I'm so lucky and we ordered for cosmos
you I'm like Oh priest and then a bad
one anyways ah look at us already good
boy 82 I launched we're gonna take my
pedicabs amidst these rickshaw things at
VidCon that have a TTY wrap all around
them and the people driving them are
wearing like my merch and stuffs really
cool um since I smell very good are we
gonna turn to F book and when I as I do
to make up for my bad personality
are you ready to see the cutest thing of
a life right now all the life
only I think how much he got to go to
sponsor Louie finger was enough space so
I'm a bad priests in ago buh-bye I'm my
sponsor I'm doing my ears making your
face this is hilarious I love this we're
winning races hundreds I love this I
don't how pretty is this is magical for
me right now this is magical such a
pretty view as I'm going to unicorn
Island for real oh look no not not not
not not not go further
always exist when I said let's make you
exist
probably my thirties I'm watching it
I'm gonna
for now for now
ah maybe like 60 or 100 times
already so it's also a pretty yes the
beating the moment has come when I'm
saying goodbye to the unicorns are
leaving oh I love you thank you so much
I'm a Fed wonderful RSO it
so much like dreams
I like
Hey I'm so sad to leave my kids I'd be
like a mother with laughter kids and
again with spurious jazz asleeping
emotional reasons right now yeah Venus
is the only thing worth fighting for in
your life
