I've never beaten before is my first
time and I'm very tired as you can see
so Lily's claiming that she drank that
and it's verge of dying hi drink all of
this half this water and you cut me
right now the ocean will come out of me
I'm full of water I'm full of water
i right everybody welcome to I read
Airlines here and make sure you put your
bumper clad seatbelt fastened and thing
if I feel that turbulence that just be
bumpin and grindin mine your booty no
big deal no need to align yourself a
little bit of this right here is the
turbulence tell them a bottle wine one
time break it down one look at me oh oh
yes yes yes
you know like Oh sister is the woody
dumb ones bar across the road
Jerian and every airline hates you and i
gave me some salad chips green and I
don't trust them Alex salad after
sleeping like this and this
we're almost in Hawaii
we discovered something crazy I thought
everyone in the world said never eat
shredded wheat to figure out which
direction you're going what is yours
never eat soggy waffles your work one
just doesn't boil over from Iowa we're
weird shredded wheat weekend
welcome to my home for the next few days
fire oh damn son diam son okay hold on
hold on
if body here come all the way the F
through o come through all right so let
me ask you some questions why are we I
will do mine G let me show you do mind
you was kind enough to fly so to visit
the steps to promote the movie what not
but I love the original you mind you so
get to visit the set a bunch of cool
things I know one of the days maybe kind
of camp stress can talk about this one
of the days Duane might be here might
it's not a might be able to say what up
to him but it's not confirmed yet I
don't even care if I can or can't it's
not about that I get to see you mind you
today and I get to see the set and all
that stuff so if I could just see you
bonus points if not it doesn't matter
oh I've moved just smashed against each
other my boob just exploded look at
there it's a very small human being
transfer student this is not the lanka
factory this is an oompa loompa in a
tropical place oh ha ha ha ha
Aloha did you get laid I got laid I got
laid I got laid good I got laid really
well I mean a friend Oh Dan that's
always good after you laid
this view was I I mean it's I've seen
Windows XP wallpapers that are better
than this put them with edamame some
guac and some chips that's gonna be sick
also loved ones
it's really good news also Rob and I
don't drink or perhaps your tongue says
I'm like they really should get it
I love edamame like up
you know I green yo we're about to go
see Julia and she also likes I need a
zombie
what are you doing certainly have fans
and wife
- your party it's so good to see all you
never wanted to make the movie honestly
because we loved the original the
original was so impactful for - you're
one of the first audiences to see it in
its finished form it was so much fun to
make I hope you enjoy watching it as
much as we did making it guys we love
you enjoy Jumanji thank you
you wrote through use under also the
movie was so much fun is like
entertainment value through the roof I
was laughing out loud on Taylor's
mother-effing laughter in some parts of
that movie also I have to give a shout
out to Nick we back movie was sick I
started waiting for a couple seconds my
trip is may I have what happens now it's
just so cool - Bobby gets a visit actual
set of Jumanji and see where they shot a
lot of it was just but now it is time to
do some work because I need to go
through my inbox and write some issues
like a few hours collab number two on my
main channel of all it only two seconds
and you'll see who wins and I can't be
giving you that type of information and
ever now that I have to kill you ever
till you know I don't wanna be the stay
tuned
cuz super 6 is gonna be popping up and I
have a feeling that the person I clad
with is also gonna do super 60 so my 1
get so calm and she's bread you know I'm
saying is like dang you know I got me
feeling a little bit kinky right now
Channing Tatum lay another Late Late
Late sure baby
genuine ijen you find you later Cinnabon
load mac and cheese you Late Late Late
dunkaroos late but this organized shelf
right here laid I mean you got to love
yourself oh you know I love a window a
sees off leg lay like I'm exhausted all
that stamina though what a first good
day first a good day what a good first
day in Hawaii I'm so excited to be here
tomorrow it's gonna be such a jam-packed
day but starts so early at 7:15 and
right now is 12 so we don't go to F to
sleep after we write a little bit more
or less yeah we did today
can we talk about how this toilet seat
is heated it's a heated toilet seat my
butt late Oh
toasty warm talking about Cinnabon nice
I'm toasting bonbon here
thank you journey behind the dancers
they take you along this journey don't
forget second collab and drop it on my
main channel during super 60 let me know
the Block fam st. you like to show you
some extra I'm gonna write some younger
to see if I see tomorrow if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
Late Late Late Late Late Late Late Late
Late Late Late Late Late Late Late now
I'm just saying something just about 20
seconds y'all over here click all the
things the things that they work on your
phone click the thing subscribe good
thing the last laws other things stick
to things things things things things
things
