today's gonna be a not interesting day
dry day yeah I'm okay with that I'm okay
with that
dry day tree said no John good morning
let's go to sport they look good Matt my
wall just hit me in the face look at my
hat
Chicago somebody got for me Chicago
you're so much fun last night literally
broke the sound system turnt way up we
are headed to Vancouver BC in a few
hours but we have a later flight it's
like a 6:00 p.m. play which is like
different from our usual 6:00 a.m.
plates so we're checking around hotel
and now we have nowhere to go so
naturally we're going to do it and
that's a situation I'm so hungry
happiness happiness
happiness special every time oh no
special everybody may be worthless
every time
oh it's a good partner something like
that yeah
so try going to the beach because hum
will set from the window look it was
really close by it's actually really far
there's a little river a highway that
separate us in that water they're like
the gatekeepers yeah if you're not if
you're not from Canada you're not gonna
look amazing
these are dangerous yeah it's a little
really hot I did not think would be this
hot obviously I'm not complaining but I
just feel like I just need to like sit
down I want to sit under a tree yeah
let's go sit under a tree see ya simple
needs are simple needs low maintenance
so my fans have been talking about a
team super secret project forever and
humble just told me what it is he
discovered it basically leaving a
website called where the team
superficial yeah and it's so wonderful
we just went through it as a bio bomb he
has my latest video it has fan fiction
as means as gifs it has what else is
that pictures and collages videos it's
so wonderful in queue and so much effort
was put into thank you so much I'm gonna
properly go through it one in front of a
computer but there's the best so much
efforts like best fandom ever best best
I'm both thoroughly impressed to I'm
extremely impressed a really good job so
what I'm gonna recommend in the future
is as few chips as possible gifts or
gifs just so it loads up faster
I was the only thing I know there's a
lot of time to blow it up just beyond
that I think it's perfect
so remember when I had a panic attack
yesterday today I sat under a tree I was
amazed and I was amazing I wouldn't even
talk I get here we're checking in and
one of the dancers forgot her passport
at the hotel which is an hour and half
away she's probably I must apply it
I have called it over begged him to go
to the hotel get the passport drop it to
us so now it's literally a movie where
we're watching the uber move ever so
slowly on the app ticking against the
time of our flight to try to make it not
to mention the uber is over 30 minutes
away and we only have 30 minutes
Internet
yeah that all airports in America will
give you so now I'm watching you inch
inch inch and my anxiety has gone from
zero to hundred real quick real real
effing quick no one surprised I was
telling how about I was saying I'm not
trying to have a pity party for myself
everyone's working very hard on this
tour but this it's my baby so I feel a
bit more pressure a bit more of the
heaviness and I just need people help me
out right now I just need people value
all right we obviously understand as a
first tour we're all gonna enter
encounter problems with really to kind
of problems preventable problems in non
preventable and when you can prevent a
problem you roll with the punches but I
got to deal with so many I'm the
problems we can't prevent the government
organization awesome and every
preventable poem
should be prevented rather yeah small
small small things small
I don't ridiculous the way I feel in my
heart here's a meter this is literally
Highbridge this a meter
it's like not a big deal then didn't
tell me that okay it's dumb okay but
they know they add up that wasn't that
last or course is gonna be like things
that up and then once we're on stage I'm
non preventable problem like the
speaker's blowout happens then at that
point Marty at the top side right deal
long story short so I got delayed
we got the passport we're all on the
flight just had some fries all as well
all this well for the moment because
right now dr. Murray says gonna be a dry
day
Oh
so because our first flight was late
were in Calgary right now we are
hustling to catch our second flight and
make our connection pretty much every
person for themselves right now as we're
trying to find sorry
dried a tree said hi John all right so I
don't know if you've been to the show or
not but if you've been to the show is
the intro video coming to life right now
a threatening
tired in real life we just missed the
plague
we made it last people on the plane but
we've made it bein city who we come this
is us coming to Mancini the thirst is
real right now - okay guys I'll apple
juice up in Cooper room Vancouver and
this is Kiana the hometown I'm sorry son
breakthrough island to the CEO mummy and
daddy cousin the show is gonna be all
about her I'm so happy I'm so happy
whoa way to go what took my side she did
much less she you feel my classy before
we got forgot in the plane I was dying
first last year I'm with a several other
side we haven't seen one all trip
I love slushies
love love love slushies I mix all the
flavors bring the room but just in case
this is my home for the next few days in
van city Kiana's room had a microwave so
I just want to made some mac and cheese
cuz I'm lovely gifted me with mac and
cheese at the airport you know that's my
dinner love it it's 2:20 a.m. I'm going
to eat some mac and cheese take a shower
and do emails in bed until you fall
asleep and then tomorrow's our show and
thank / fun fact I feel like my memories
disappear I don't know if I said this in
the vlog the first time I've ever come
to Vancouver was years ago with humble
abode and we were like barely friends
and now we're back again like such good
friends but that trip was so important
because it was a huge milestone my
career is the first time I had a
meet-and-greet for people lined up like
around the block and I'm I was the first
time not I just said whoa and I'll never
forget it I will never forget it because
it it was such a big deal for Suppan and
so I'm very excited to come back and
perform with my own show well I'm
heading to bed now and I'm really
excited from tomorrow and I get to sleep
in a little bit so yeah and there's also
donuts on my shirt if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
goddammit now the reality is you will
never control people and what they do no
matter how hard you try and
