I went down and yelling tumor today is
the day of our San Francisco Show and we
are shooting virtual reality stuff gonna
be so cool which also means our call
time was way way earlier usually it's
through 45 today it's 10:00 a.m. so I'm
raising my children cousins there's you
know meters for the show II it's gonna
be a tiring fun and exciting day
positive attitudes let's go what's up
full speed ahead hop lost this way this
way
Wow
Wow so we're gonna go try to find the
front of the theater Oh getting my booty
rub my knees don't adventures right now
quite a lot of interesting characters
out here in San Francisco I blend in a
lot here
Wow look at that so we are here outside
historic Warfield
pull a friend with the nation and pyro
what's up what's up we ready for today
second last you on the tour
state in the world supplier hurt his
back power is back two days ago doing
was that move home we're not doing a
windmill we're he pretty much spins
around on his head is everything so now
we are getting the necessary I icy hot
so pretty much it's gonna spray that on
his injured area and a patch Shaquille
O'Neal says it's good and he says it
like icy hot back touch so literally
every point in the room wasn't reported
so I was got to be on point all right so
I'm not gonna show you any of the stuff
we're shooting virtual reality but I
will say that this theater is dope as
hell the Warfield and San Francisco I've
got a pretty packed show and John's got
some pretty nice lights to play with
today we gonna have some fun tonight
that's what set how y'all feelin your
second last show
so yesterday in the huddle before the
show Oh shiny cried I did
volley I really second less show all
right so just finished shooting some
virtual reality but you said for wait
and see what it looks like right now
we're doing or are always doing which is
finding out where the closest Chipotle
is let's go let's go partly whoa best
date ever gibberish particle one yes
welcome to sound test Toru everybody
works so hard and I appreciate
dad is the best I just went oh he's like
Lily he took so long Ange pull your
slushies are melting like shut up don't
I go to my change room there's no fridge
that was not here before and you put two
slashes in it with my rock star and a
call what's in here actually what's in
here I said I understand my god he's a
precious so I just so I just realized
you never really seasoned my date when
I'm signing all these posters and all
this merch for my shows and how
efficient this process is so enjoy this
very anticlimactic shoppers and then dad
provides us markers and explains every
single time not to open certain ones
every single time all right let's do it
this is jazz she does a great job and
laughs I'm you and I forget the why in
my name which is quite often like right
there and you Mimi means this fun
jazz what your pair for the show show
yeah what's your favorite part of the
show
jazz was announcing the show today's
gonna be the 29th time tell me more than
that
No oh yeah by 90 time officially the
29th times its favorite part
can't pick one probably I wanna see
everything like the intro okay the intro
up is like I don't know I like as a
whole I like how it goes so well
together
okay did she have favorite part I also
really bench I think our intros really
strong and I think that part where you
the this part yo the safety double yeah
yeah you do you know we're talkin when
you don't we talk when you've been to
the show comment below and let me know
what your favorite part of the show is
because I love to know these things
this is my pride and joy so I could talk
about the show all day long for hours
all day all day and I out my favorite
part the show personally I think our
intro is really strong I think if I was
I made it in a way where if I was in the
audience I would lose my ish because
it's so hype about how I made it and if
you've never seen one of these posters
showing this poster do that that's right
oh snap that's nice alright so I am
ready early from me angry because my
face was already all did up I am really
tired I think that bowl of Chipotle all
to myself was not a good idea
I definitely am feeling sleepy food coma
one but I'm I mean green 15 minutes and
then it's show time
it's a big show it's a second last show
oh my god the second last show oMG
normal ugly right Noel the world
you're right a good dog where I'm good
let's say here what up haha dad what
show is this
this would be show 29 the next last show
I'm not okay
the second last show of this tour
Beyonce level dad's back oh yeah yeah
why - my torment over my whole life for
my whole life
let's ship to unicorn Island Miller
Strikes Back let's do it I'm really
tired let's do it
whatever diamonds
where
what a great show and really the
beginning of the show I was not feeling
good I felt like throwing up the whole
beginning part so I'm glad back to that
encore because I just ripped that how I
wanted to it was everything I envisioned
so I love doing those encores I can go
stay on stage it was up to me I would
stay back and like chilled you guys
forever if it wasn't for like timings
and menus and all that stuff um tomorrow
it's our last show what's going on John
Key's up the show though so we're gonna
say what's up to her in a little bit I'm
gonna not be so sweaty right now I'm
gonna meet all these people someone made
the eyes unicorn horns I appreciate that
my voice is literally at its breaking
point I know when I can admit it my body
and voice are at the time I was a last
show but if they were like many many
more consecutive of it I would
definitely need some days off because
the exhaustion and the voice and
everything is it's common and hard right
now but I'm gonna chill out for a bit
have to go pedo little cow shoot this
gift is adorable
oh my god the need for sleep is too real
right now
I send a few emails cuz obviously for
nighttime show a billion comps if people
are coming so I had to do all that I'm
gonna quickly pack I'm gonna actually
take a shower I'll call this 4:30 a.m.
it is 140 shut the F up just hurry up
and do it alright so the time is 2:14
a.m. and our call is at 4:30 so I'm
gonna get 2 hours of sleep and then head
to Anaheim I cannot believe it is the
last show xxx show what the hell is
happening I just gave a little speech to
all the dads to be like don't be sad
tomorrow do not treat it like it's the
end of something
we just gotta kill it the last show we
gotta kill it
that's all excited it happened don't be
sad that it's over and then we're all
gonna also be a VidCon so tomorrow
there's a lot of things going on it's
gonna be
man it's gonna be around wild ride
tomorrow and I'm so glad you could join
me if you liked it subscribe if you like
and subscribe
you
