Jemma's whatever casual sleeping over
tougher than you know but a video but
just casual you know just friends posted
for each other I didn't know big know
whenever you we therefore we are going
to San Francisco right now yeah I am me
finish the arrow on our way to San
Francisco all these people they SHINee
has a passport today I do how it's a
good day good day please on this plane
for the first time ever I'm sitting
beside Kiki I'm also teaching cheeky
bugger every day to j1 she's sick she
picks up things like this I even knew
from her addition I was like I cuz we
don't work on it cuz she so good next
two biggest ones I swear be able to keep
up a lily one you know actually
surpassed me straight up just so good
like I could even tell her in addition I
was like yo let's go she got positive
but he's doing let's watch him
actually I put my backpack up wait is
this even apartment hey we'll play this
again where we going wait what is she
doing she's not because I'll shanty I
want to put my bag there but what if it
gets stolen wait how long was this plate
wait wait one day I'm gonna figure wait
hold on we have my passport wait on its
my seal I use this color I do one of
them to live in this thing shut up damn
chef put this in my bag before I put my
bag up here yes I should yes I should
hang down my back in it I'm gonna put it
in like that because I didn't think of
it before because before I was too busy
thinking about climate change
manufacturing the daily life youth watch
the VR mute and tell me if you did not
do it daily comment below everyone tweet
humble the for right now saying you
dilly-dally go do it right now do your
longer wheeze in San Fran my ears are
plugged this happen for a few flights I
don't know how this happens as soon as I
landed the pilot on the PA is like oh
welcome to San Fran we like to give a
special welcome to super Orem to Santa
we felt really special though I'm not
good wheeze in this shuttle right now
headed to a hotel
we literally have like four seconds
there before we worked with herself for
our virtual reality stuff
it's me sourcing I can't wait for guys
to document you speaking of which are
you ready are you ready this Friday I'm
releasing the teaser for my documentary
on my channel I'm stoked that the one
that I haven't cried over that teaser
all of teams are forever watching this
if your team super spread the word
Instagram Twitter the basics spread the
word this photo was the date on kind of
just you know twenty thirty isn't it 25k
fourth yeah sure yeah okay it's a fight
of the twenty fourth teaser of a t2i
documentary it's coming to my youtube
channel spread the word spread the words
but that way yo what's up just got to
San Francisco this actually my first
time here and I've been waiting to come
for so long this is my home for the next
day and a half it's really cool got
school view of the water right there
that's very pretty and there's a
microwave in French so I'm about to eat
all the mac and cheese right now oh I
don't even see the washroom yet oh cool
very cool
I feel very blessed and grateful to stay
in such places sweet so we got an hour
before we go to rehearsal if you are
watching this and you don't have tickets
to San Fran you need to buy tickets to
San Fran because we're shooting virtual
reality things we're really cool and
we're also shooting to last show Anaheim
we're doing some stuff for the
documentary too so the last two shows
that are there it's gonna be like really
cool shooting stuff so it's gonna be
really dope if you could come mmm
Oh they've arranged the pillows quite
interesting with check hey why is it
like that I didn't understand it because
should I go like okay that's why all of
you bless all of you because they really
what I'm starving
you saved my life all right and so time
free cookie yeah that's all that matters
we're heading to harissa Huizar way to
rehearsal
in this now it's right on the cold why
we are away to rehearsal and chase full
of things our choreographer is going to
fix everything for virtual reality
because the camera on stage a freaking
cool
it's just his favorite thing to do to
alter this favorite thing to do great
yeah he loves it you love it especially
when people change things he has to
refigure out formations and everything
to do he gets him so excited and Tom
David is the virtual reality I like to
keep saying geeks buy less food no keeps
my geeky stuff now we're gonna do some
virtual abyss and cool I usually like to
be that it yeah
so this is a practice spot it is like
behind the it like it's inside a Burger
King it'll burn cubes rather you can
smell the burgers we're practicing this
different kind of day kind of exciting
I'm excited they're getting a
demonstration guys get around 360 I want
to show you kind of what we're doing
because it's really important for people
to see what this technology does because
it's a little bit it's not a little bit
different it's a lot different
it's over your regular film camera right
everything we all do the same thing that
noise are so cool it's like r2d2 mix i
just forgot all right so check it out so
it's already stitched from 360 you know
we're gonna do this we're gonna pop it
in there no we're not these are the sick
little goggles here
hold on I'm gonna bring it up and then
everybody can look at colleges scares me
don't be scurred I am intrigued and I
look around everywhere no you look up
look down okay now wait a minute bear in
mind this is a really crappy version so
we're doing a new and this one's like a
horror movie scene and it looks so real
and actually this is the scene from Evil
Dead which isn't will be watched in
India it looks sick it looks exactly
like it oh I'm so excited
look who's here in San Francisco look
who's here when my favorite people in
the world yes yes yeah yo he's back in
the hotel after a great rehearsal and
we're doing some work now I made the
room a sauna the Wi-Fi is so slow so do
keep my promise I'll post a video I
don't know what the video is about I
have two video ideas that require like
someone to help me and I just will have
time during the day to but I'm gonna
think of an idea I post at the time is
10:54 p.m. always getting our work on
but we both really want chocolate but
the chocolate is in humbles room and
humbles not here so our options are do
we break into humbles room what do we
buy chocolate great I'm also feeling we
should break into humbles me wait tell
them why you're crying oh my god
oh my god this teaser for this
documentary is just it's oh my god it's
not you I just give you amazing I can't
like I'm gonna bomb ass you'd be like
ten Kleenexes yes you freakin watched
the teaser it's so crazy it's very good
tired but I'm about to accord my video
it took me so long to write because my
brain is not functioning but I'm in jazz
room shooting because I'm gonna sleeping
in my room so I'll shoot real quick oh
yeah I don't take so long and my video
is called five reasons your phone sucks
so I think it's something we can all
relate to I'm about to record this thing
I'm gonna open up this hurdle because
it's it snappy and it is 3 or 4 a.m. and
my video is up five reasons your phone
sucks check out my main channel if you
want to watch it um I think damn have to
watch me it's the struggles of my hair
is that I take it out then have to wash
it so every two shows I redo it and I
pull wash it's like washing hair in
hotels like the small shampoo bottle I
can't but I'm going to you know wash me
or not Sh'ma call time is 7
that's in 7 hours sure
i'ma go to bed now and your call time
tomorrow is 10 so I can get a decent
amount of sleep but I'm so excited about
this virtual reality thing tomorrow I
can't wait I'm so glad
