so we are going to just Seattle over
sunny day to be a lot of fun and my ears
can plug I'm very tired of my 45-minute
laughs hardest thing about these small
plates is like gather just 45 minutes
and you get a proper noun literally like
I can still see the ground floor
my playing buddy for today Charlie sexy
to the camera in four seconds then was
so small all the luggages come on the
luggage about is Oliver good we took
over the plane dad record y'all good
okay apparently this okay okay I heard
you a wonderful unicorn you know I've
been you like smile oh yes I do you
addicts master smile smile got worse you
think this is no friend zone if you
found you'll be banished so this is my
home for the next few hours there's a
microwave which means all the candy and
popcorn isn't be happening but my room
is the only room that's ready so the
kids are sleeping in my room there's how
many of us one two three four five five
or six people that are gonna sleep in
our room
yeah that's good nap ready to head to
the venue
I've never been here before but it's
very pretty just like a member of hands
into it you know who Hansen
please - I was just about to buy bread
lettuce vegetarian smoked Hickory turkey
cheese cheese again chips inside my
sandwich chips on the side of my
sandwich and most importantly a smile
and mustard I got mustard on my hand
story time with Lilly okay so this is
what happened so I got into the venue
the venue so really nice and then dad
was like hey so like let me tell you
bout ticket sales and it's huge man you
said you the cells weren't like gonna do
extremely well cuz the venue's massive
it's like almost 2,000 people so he's
saying it's only up to Rho G he showed
me ro G I was like that's really empty
and then I was really sad about I came
back here and I told hum balls like
homeland my lips that I saw so-and-so
and zones also and like homeboy is good
fashion I love though his brain works he
went outside he did the math and he's
like this doesn't make sense that it
would be this much now I'm sitting it
all side he went to the box office
double check and they made a mistake
it's actually the bow thickness of
taraji in the bottom completely for this
guy it's such a guy I love this guy
this guy he solves problems right just
for the record even if 15 people showed
up hey what about it you would have been
happy mm-hmm broke be happy but this guy
you're a good guy I like this guy he's
at you the good guy
yay look at these spaceship beings is
really cool cool and if you could show
us on the phone cause he's a lighting
designer boop boop fun toys that's
really cool I like that a lot
this is the theater it's very pretty and
I'm excited but put your sound check
then I gotta fix my makeup because we
got a meet-and-greet
ah I hit myself in the face once a vlog
and fun fact me humble always hit
ourselves with the microphone while we
perform yesterday hit myself so hard
that my chin was swollen it's like I'm
an amateur no my point of view during
sound check
Hey
shake your booty dad what show number is
it today 28 28 oh my god
let's do it alright let's do it I need a
nap every once in a while get the
pleasure of meeting a fan twice
we had a came to my show yesterday yes
and she's like a black Vulcan Friday
almost
whatever let's go superwoman I don't
check out
venya was no AC has a hot show but a
good show i got the finale pyro pulled
the back muscle and couldn't do half the
performance but like a team we all
pulled through made the adjustments
chase his great backstage no as the
choreographer here's I can switch the
switch let's do this so he's grating
holds it down is that it's really hot
and I'm really hungry and it's hot I'm
hot and it's hungry but I'm grateful
most importantly what I just told David
was we took the girls to both Justin
Bieber Justin Bieber like and Miley
Cyrus and you guys first were passed I
mean it was the most wonderful wonderful
yeah I mean I I just can't speak I'm
just so excited and now I'm a follower
of Little Miss Lilly Singh it was
amazing thank you someone else I want
you to meet sure could you come over
here I forget your name I'm sorry I'm
Christine Christine now Christine really
enjoyed the show as well I'm a
kindergarten teacher in Seattle and I'm
here with my daughter Sophia and she
loves you and I really didn't even know
who you were and I bought her a ticket
and we wanted to get the VIP passes but
you know they were kind of expensive but
worth it but so I really love thank you
I love your message throughout the show
I it was throughout in just woven
beginning middle and end and I really
think you are I think you are really a
good role model and I think you are
really going to help a lot of kids
rough times in life and I like how you
focused on and I believe in yourself
love yourself you don't need a
relationship and just that if you are
kind of at a low it's not gonna last and
I just I just felt it in the audience
that message really I think was
wonderful just fabulous and you're
dancing and everything I love you thank
you thank you of course I'm I haven't
got to meet you so check out Sophie
escape with with my logo on it that's my
logo not the other one this one Sofia's
actio day
thank you which is like the show yeah
what was your favorite um I like your
baby they're dancing I'm not that good
of a dancer compared to them though
right it's okay I know notice what
happens after the show
Tarzan does all this work and he does it
while doing and all these wonderful
people take down everything and the
theatre is empty it's the calm after the
storm
that's what happens yes
the deconstruction of unicorn I never
because unicorn I lives in our hearts so
we got a few skittles skittles all
mosquitoes all skittles
so ease at Denny's right now 24-hour
diner serves breakfast all day but all
about that there's a 45-minute way for
the kitchen cuz I'm one chef we still
decided to sit down daddy's here and
this year and humble is here and yeah
and this year you and Jason make you are
coming and I think a shiny coming is
coming today
pancake puppies from Denny's if you
don't know jazz and Kiana and gave the
0x the body jiggle okay I'm so far I
can't remember it oh my god get this I
thought all my gifts got left at the
venue and I was like so traumatized but
I just found the ball and I found the
sickest game I've ever seen in my life
it's so cool so if you know anything
about me know I'm obsessed with Kings
Kings my pillow I'm in love with teens
my mom made it for me my favorite thing
in the world someone somehow found the
exact same a literally exact same fabric
and made me shorts it's been a while
since I've done that I'm gonna head to
bed right now we are heading to San
Francisco tomorrow I've never been to
San Francisco so I'm very excited also
it is on my bucket list to freakin find
that full house house into your picture
in front of it for all of you comforters
coming to the stamp at this time of
night I can never speak English follow
people come into San Fran show orders
look very exciting we are shooting the
virtual reality component to my tour dog
which means that just like the Boston
show you will get an encore as well so
if you're coming to San Fran show I'd
love for you to stay back for those
anchors if you can so arrange to stay a
little bit later than the original
ending time yeah and there was some cool
stuff going on I'm excited about that
and we have the rehearsals for that
tomorrow when we land in San Francisco
and our call time is not super early
it's 10:30 a.m.
freaking it and spoiled up in here I
never been
and yes and see if you like it subscribe
did you like it subscribe sound check
