good morning today is a casual day so I
woke up wearing the shirt you want my
rock my plane my Johnson and I was like
what up t-shirt reference I am in fact
her Johnson hi Dwayne I'm Iraq we are
here on set Central Intelligence and I
am blessed with the presence of Lily
Easter I am blessed I am buzz we're here
he's invited me on set he's phenomenal
and the movie looks phenomenal I have a
phenomenal he is phenomenal she's
amazing she just killed it last night by
the way in Boston incredible show I mean
really incredible show if you haven't
seen it you've got to see it got the
rugs certified approval Mart drum layeth
the semakin sat down with her fun
alright so we're gonna take some selfies
now oh babe what a way to start the eff
and vlog ah ah this is the whole largest
me this well talk story well tag you
were you ID chip ey you chip it we'll
talk on camera now I had my phone
earlier and had my camera but exciting
day basically Duane invited me to set he
shooting Central Intelligence with Kevin
Hart and he invited me to set and I won
and I hung out and I watched some shoot
a little bit and he was telling me that
Simone had such a great time last night
and we're talking about my show and
we're just like hanging out we have like
a really in-depth conversation I was
telling you about myself when I was
learning about him and it was just it
was a really honest in-depth
conversation like more so than I've had
with public any of my friends it was
crazy and amazing and then you were
unicorn shirt and I wore his shirt and I
was like what is my life it was really
cool he is so freaking wonderful
everyone I've met in my life who's also
met him agrees with me he is so
wonderful so down to earth such an
amazing person and I feel like we're
like friends I don't know I feel like
we're friends I don't know is that okay
okay I need to go eat Chipotle to seal
the deal I do I get I get not manageable
is a great day that you haven't seen for
stories not making them wave I want
story I'm sitting away from story
good day and now this is happening
today's a really really good day I'm
going to pull up call in a little bit
that I'm gonna do poolside is that
unprofessional I don't really know but
that's evaporator Paulo's here
anis is here and they want to hear all
the stories about today so when gather
around a little circle have story time
with lily and there was no Wi-Fi by the
pool so I've come inside to do this call
it's related to that secret project I
did in LA which hopefully I can tell you
all about soon so many exciting things
going on oh and also change Monday I
kind of forgot that but it's video day
so we have to make a video work
priorities no pool hmm it's great it's a
gay yo so I just sat with my legs in the
hot tub for like an hour and had bad
senti conversations with humble Keano
Shani and sandy was really inspirational
I'm gonna work on my Monday video I'm
gonna take like a 15 minute nap because
I'm literally tired then I'm gonna work
on my video we have a little bit of a
work session that's what's going on
which by the way we're in this cool
shirt
you're my rock my doing my Johnson and
what up t-shirt rut I'm kidding I'm
kidding he's not yet but I imagine yo
the time is 2 a.m. and I am uploading my
video you just call types of girls and
relationships um making fun of a whole
bunch of girls but you know me it's
mostly because we've all been that girl
one point or another so making fun of
myself in a way I wanna check out the
link to a main channels in the
description ah our call times 4:45 and
it's 2 a.m. so I feel like I'm just not
gonna sleep no sleep when I get to
Kansas City tomorrow and we'd have a
show tomorrow so I can sleep and I'm any
part of myself if you recall few vlogs
ago I mentioned that during the North
American leg of my tour I would not miss
a video and so far I have not
I've stayed up I've done videos they've
late like it's 2 a.m. but I've done them
um and my voice is randomly disappearing
I don't know why I have no idea
Duane just knock to the voice right out
of me I know I can't function and yeah
what else is going on tomorrow in Kansas
City we got so many shows left I'm so
excited and today was just amazing today
was amazing
I'm like friends with Duane I'm like
we're like friends like we chilled we
had a 30-minute heart-to-heart I was
telling my friends today and also I was
like we had a heart-to-heart and I told
him things that I've never told the
majority of the people in my life like
my closest friends don't even know some
of the things I told him he just had
such a good heart-to-heart and really
really bonded and he gave me a lot of
great advice but a lot of really good
things and it was just magical magical
and I did the greatest t-shirt reference
of all time I wanted to do it for like
years and years and years so super cool
I mean with his video to finish
uploading which I've been blessed
because so far the Wi-Fi and the hotels
hasn't been horrible like this took 9
minutes takes like 20 minutes on my
house so I feel blessed
um wake up I feel blessed I also feel
blessed because we can t be Shh
yo so it is 337 a call time is in an
hour this is the state of my room right
now um post my video a long time ago my
last step I just finished doing another
video for basically remember thing I did
with coke they sponsored my Toronto show
and this I only like realtalk from home
I don't like working with brands I
actually genuinely liked and they had a
really cool idea to let a fan be in one
of my videos and I was like yes that's
awesome so the first time ever have a
fan in one of my skits so I should send
it to them for approval and stuff um so
I did that and I sent it and I'm gonna
take a shower pack and head down for a
call time in case you didn't know now
you know
so he's checking out of our hotel i
thought i was i coming down early but i
had the call time wrong so i'm actually
minutes late yeah please check it out
heading to Kansas City and we're saying
bye to sandy rights and everything body
what so I'll say bye to you properly
off-camera okay
I ran the vlog here we're in Kansas I'm
gonna start the vlog I guess right now
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
there's a lot of pressure that's only
one of the things happening and then
there's other things happening that I'll
tell you about soon
but I'm freakin I'm a little bit
stressed this is the House of Blues this
is where performing here goes with
anxiety skyrocket I'm sure it's gonna be
great
it's gonna be right percent talking to
myself right now all right Dallas shows
this
I believe it's show 24 so 2014 Boston is
our big show it's a nerve-wracking show
my mean Grier and I was my downtime
where I get to just be it to be myself
get to
