we've had into bow stand by the airport
everyone's got like two hours of sleep
but have a new tactic it's called
blasting music in my ear stay awake uh
we're heading to our flight to Boston
mom and dad are coming to the Boston
Shan very excited there's so many
exciting things happening at the show
and I hope I can tell you all about them
well you're gonna find out the end of
this vlog anyways but so many exciting
things happening for this show that's
all I'm going to say we're getting on
the slide soon okay she tell you don't
much a saying that cuz dad is here dad
is so good at his job
I was hiding the last ever he's so
freaking good at his job no we make a
good team
let's go Boston reason Boston and we
made friends on the plane basically
invited everyone on the plane to G show
they said they're all gonna buy tickets
let's see facts you come and they also
wished humble happy birthday on the
speaker thing goes was a hillarious
light very eventful a lot of things
happened let's see if my mom and dad
also made it to Boston mommy's is the
show for the first time too excited yes
and then dad saw dad dad there's two
dads
yeah I made it back as right as man so
time alright just got to my room this is
it we have like one Howard asleep so
please so just got to the venue look
who's here my parents here's a huge
reunion this is my change room today
within the theater so one of the big
things that's happening today that I
didn't tell you about is the huge
documentary that I'm releasing alongside
this tour we are shooting the show for
the first time I know they're bring
cameras or other shows but they're like
the whole crew is here to professionally
shoot the show so there's a lot of
pressure on us to like nail the show so
everyone's here Casper's you're Scott's
here everyone's here
that's one of my anxieties and stresses
like costumes Catmull function people
can't forget dances need to 110 percent
they're all the costumes line up like
Nick tarz that Tarzan um I remember
names John and dad have been like slept
like it's an intense day no good here
what's up the crew is here all the
professional stuff is going down are you
are you no big deal no sorry I'm
frazzled hey um and so there's a lot of
pressure that's only one of the things
happening and then there's other things
happening that I'll tell you about soon
but I'm freaking I'm a little bit
stressed you go with anxiety skyrockets
gonna be great right percent talking to
myself right now all right
Dawa shows this I believe it's show 24
so 2014 Boston is a big show it's a
nerve-wrecking show my mean Grier and I
was my downtime where I get to just be
it to be myself get to hug some unicorns
I'm excited about it they're gonna
de-stress me it's gonna be great
all right jazz take it away
whatever wanted to go to live in Boston
check about
Boston's getting an after-party right
now
so all day today I had major anxiety why
I'm gonna tell you right now let me
introduce you to this wonderful human
her name is Simone do you know who this
is
this is Dwayne the rock Johnson's
daughter who's come to my show well I
was like oh my god I feel so cool and
lucky and she came I hope you liked it I
love that you are thank you hmm we're
hoping daddy could've came he was
running late on sap yeah what else we're
like BFFs now so it's all good it's all
good but thank you so much for coming
Corinne you're wonderful
and obviously I'm acting cool right now
but when she's gone I'm gonna totally
flip out with you guys so let's stay
tuned for that and Simone when you're
watching this back I hope you enjoyed
this little part okay open it okay so
like this is already this is a unicorn I
received okay and let's see what it says
everybody Shh
so cool Thank You Jimmy this to me so
awesome
so we've outside the theaters someone
just left smaller and they're also
wonderful we'll talk about that a little
bit but the drone I hope you see way up
there you're shooting the outside of a
theater we got a drone documentaries and
we off the heezy
mommy liked the show yes love it you and
I make fun of you okay it was funny love
it that is automatic so we're at TGIF's
even though in Dubai they screwed us
over boy in America NASA's fun
I don't want food got three sides got
some shots we got some things going on
here
jazz is lactose intolerant so she
ordered this very cheesy
so everyone's lost their mind
we always about ice cream we've all lost
your minds
almost a belated birthday let's do an
ice cream cheers that's a great idea
hold we're doing an ice cream just just
open that part yeah we're doing an ice
cream Cheers is my little muffin okay
this is cheers to humble living 34 more
years you was sap so I'm back in my
hotel room I'm so so so tired I got a
bunch stuff to do tomorrow so I'm going
to go to bed cuz I got to wake up quite
early today was surreal I always have
these moments in my life for it's just
so overwhelming that I actually don't
know how to take it in so I enter the
state of numbness and Shay was one of
those days Simone was wonderful just
like her dad just so so great there was
a chance that Dwayne was gonna come
onstage at the end but he ran late at
his set so that who knows maybe in the
future we'll see but um he's just so
sweet and she's so sweet and it was such
a pleasure to meet her and I'm really
really happy I didn't it's just I just
kind of wrap my head around the whole
thing so I'm gonna need a day to like
process this but um yeah I might too bad
thank you for joining me on another day
we have two days off and then we're
heading to Kansas City so if you're
selling tickets tripled every dollar
these things were calm losing my voice
it's okay two days off if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe when we're in the
venue I get I get lost like every day no
matter where I am in a building a hotel
in a venue doesn't matter and I
discovered why I always have the
tendency to go right so if I walk out of
a room
I'll go right
