gonna be your day believe it when you
said he's gonna be a good day
morning today's the day of Arkansas show
I've woken up I had a call this morning
I slept a little bit after that and now
I'm heading to some food with humble
before we go to the venue today is gonna
be a good day today he's gonna be a good
day that's
this is our room today it's cool it's
cool
Kansas is gonna be an interesting show
us a huge theater and nothing many
people so is gonna be interesting but
the silence eyes were the coolest is my
name is stuff maybe I'll send the
vlogging mask will show them sign this
will show insane check it out
hi my name is felt right yes yes is my
favorite part of the day made up with my
boo thang a some quality talks
sentimental moments ago on you know and
the award for the best brain up of all
time goes to old shady
down today the household tax and so
clean this is it's looking so good
crochet these muscles right now you you
know all right we're heading to our
Kansas City meetup as a smaller one
today we're shown us ed show 25 show xx
like he comes prepared into this room
because he knows show 25 long feel your
day you what I feel we're day one cuz
I'm only a person they're not we're
person you're a beautiful person
dad lawyer oh alright let's go
finish the meeting greet my foot is so
randomly itchy doing the whole meeting
Gregor picking my shoe off and you
eating and it's not going away and I'm
not getting concerned that my foot is
though 18 it's like a weird it's like a
feels like it's inside my foot I have no
idea it's like really itchy inside my
foot like inside so dad's making me soak
my foot because it's itchy get in
there's salt in this I told much for my
goldfish crackers and they're all
supposed to be a flow but anything like
that yeah the Chinese also over there
giving no so let me show the process of
how we have to keep our my shoes closed
these two lovely Wonderful's
literally use thread and tied to my feet
so it isn't pop hoping this is all going
work anymore
this whole surgical thing before every
show that looks like this
all right all they do is watch my shoes
when I'm on the show on the stage the
see from her turn let me give each other
high fives
after every show we always think some
special peeps come backstage you don't
have me angry just with their special
say your name I'm Sierra like sure yes
I'm good what's your name Lena and
what's your name and what's your name
Nick and use that mommy and daddy we're
gonna take some pictures now I'm so
happy I'm so happy you're happy too yeah
who's the youngest here that's just that
what's your favorite videos mine I've
ever watched very many that's okay
that's okay
no you watch you're forced to come I
appreciate that obviously did you like
the show anyways yeah yeah I'm good I
got your fan name yeah very cool Esther
pictures so this is Heather Johnson The
Mummy have these wonderful kids or not
all of them just to again I always
always tell you I always get tweets
sometimes when people say my parents
will let me come to the show so this is
a parent that has come to the show
so tell me honestly what you loved it
loved it loved it loved it would come
again oh well that my kids watch it all
the time you're inspirational oh thank
you there you have it
parents oh this is a dad too
yeah it's it's a positive message so it
is that kid-friendly it's
family-friendly yes wonderful okay so
this is mystery reinstalled right now I
don't know why but recently I've been
getting a lot of tape I don't know why
I've got it every me angry someone
bought me tape did I mention that I need
tape I don't know did I mention I need I
don't know why it's really cute it's
like duct tape but I get like why did
you talk someone into tape your mouth
shut it's just like yo Lilly let's tape
it up trying to fit a straight open so
if you know why I'm getting tape like I
appreciate it but please come below and
let me know because I do not remember
never have whoever bought me this
ultimate pineapple margarita with nine
point nine five percent alcohol it is
the most delicious thing I've ever
tasted thank you so much
have a pleasant night thank you we're in
the cool car all right you let's sing
our a cappella version of IV i v-i
already carry everyone sing already I
said the DA the 6t oh the call lasted
seven Serrano you know so humble that P
there's our people chew gum like this do
it it's who don't like it's their job
what you're gonna see enough certain
type of people like a junkie to take
anybody's sorry that like alpha male peg
do they like them like cornea we're the
fanny packs and just like ya don't dis
fanny packs keep doing where's 90 packs
we're making mac and cheese as we do we
found on microwave we're having mac and
cheese in popcorn our usual dinner and
yeah
believe in that life yo this really
close shout out to all my fans who buy
me these cuz I literally eat them for
dinner and it's the best thing in my
life makes you feel so warm and comfy
inside think what everyone is to girl
Kiki we just has a McDonald's it was
really good I just not gonna work this
camera it's pretty cool it took me a
little second to figure out that such
mean hey thanks for the bite of your
cinema your gun was really good you're
welcome
hey yo Jani what did you have no she had
to make gangbang which is a junior
chicken inside a double cheeseburger and
how was that
real tired if y'all haven't tried if
y'all haven't tried that yet
you better have you ever had a big game
bang oh no I'm just getting she's
vegetarian sorry Kiki the new superwoman
yeah I'll be I'll be Supergirl with that
nice words all right again I'm going
login and there you have it folks
family dinner Monalisa
so the do the works the hotels like a
yo-yo master look at this
Wow do what the dog I know that trip we
went at table
yay I'm going to bed now well packed up
ready to go we're heading to Chicago
tomorrow um I'm really excited about it
I have been to Chicago before I maybe
even twice actually
and it was splendid he's still wanna
grab tickets triple double to listen to
our comps call goes Chicago San
Francisco tickets VIP tickets are sold
out but general admission is still there
um so yeah guys the tour is almost done
it's like gonna be done in a week well
this leg of the tour unless somehow
miraculously another like happens which
by the way I don't have confirmed so as
far as my confirmations go like the
tour's done in a week their tour is done
in a week man this has been one roller
coaster but we go on it again tomorrow
if you like it subscribe if you like it
that's good nice creat Amaro's moss okay
moths okay they scare me with bugaloo
alright against all odds I got a window
you got
Papa don't sits in and now we're going
to
