so we're headed to the airport right now
just like to Connecticut all the sleep
all the sleep need need sleep sleep need
need for sleep is real it's for like an
hour because he's through in the long
run line and the custom agents wanted to
punish us
so they present a room for hours to sit
there but we made it and we're here at
we're all good and wreck fost Coffey
says she's a human again dear vlog me
respond right up such as versus
briefcases of very smooth leaders carry
on walk this way here we need a location
they can bring a lower to okay check it
for you it will be balanced just ask you
to find us or Delphia to remain clear
take a puppet to review that safety
instruction card in your seat bathtub if
you've been assigned to see this my
weight this is a designator emergency
exit row awkward this aircraft nidalee
this tank second day stop recording she
stopped something so we're heading to
Hartford Connecticut and we must stop
over I'm not a fan of like this small
like a short played stopovers or a play
like
get it done like she says
with such friends were so gross weird
look I think I was gonna win
I thought you
- Stefan Bucher
like it laughing to us I'm not
impressed
not impressed not impressed actually
we made it to Philadelphia and
Philadelphia your Airport is now my most
favorite why and I have my card we
literally spent 20 minutes deciding
we're gonna have to pull your knife
this is not our turtle it's always the
answer come on all these matching
suitcases the need for soup is true like
you say but I kept taking like one hour
naps and I'm just like sleeper but yeah
sure you have your personal make sure
your personal stuff
that is so responsible you're so I was
so cool
it's a grayness the airport and we can
basically see like the planes and stuff
from our window I am impressed by that I
think that is very cool
now it is nap time we gotta pick some
costumes and do a lot of work we're all
going to get a nap because we haven't
stopped properly and nothing beats a
hotel bed oh no no this is good this is
a constant debate a notion I have let me
know your thoughts I'm someone who can't
wake up if the room is very dark so like
no matter what time it is the room super
dark like no it's nighttime my brain
will tell me that I'll stay sleeping
every time taking a nap no she closes
all of all the ones like a solid nap
right like if you like open your eyes
and like it's bright and I got mad now
let me remind you one time years ago
medium where we leave yeah but you mom
do you know what I want to talk war
enough I'm gonna talk about the time one
more we were in New York
oh we're in New York I had a gig okay
and we close these blinds and I woke up
and I was like oh my was like super late
my gig I've got about panic can we just
react quickly how we got out of the bed
yeah quickly ready ready and one two
three
know what if it was a girl she woman no
I'm good Niobe so so guess what just
happened we're eating dinner and this is
like the law of attraction positively
coming to quotation here okay basically
we receive the dessert menu I know
Chennai and you know house Arabic food
where's the dessert menu were seeing
things like sorb being tiramisu mousse
cake I'm like you I really want
something that's like warm and cold like
for example apple pie ice cream brownie
ice because I like that no and then we
made a joke we're like yo where's the no
he just comes to me like yeah brownie
and ice cream it's nowhere on the menu
right but we just made a joke and then I
wish that she came and I took the joke
you know that I'm like yeah coming
everybody nice give him sick oh let me
check and I was like she went back and
checking their brownies and ice cream
highlight of my life it's just we make
things happen
she's right so I once again have a
brutal migraine so I've taken on my
braids and Kiki's gonna massage me she's
on my he's wonderful beautiful daughter
and and then and who's gonna put her
fingers through my hair and it's a group
effort to make my my feel better you
guys is gonna do work and other good
things she took on my bridge such a
darling darling so I'm posting my video
I yelled at my head and told stop
hurting until there I was the boss of it
I used to my video stop hurting now I'm
dummy video names back full force I'm
going to sleep soon guess what because
of all of you I won the MTV social
superstar of the Year award thanks so
much you guys voted him it happens all
you yo house all you that's really
really cool um and what else there's
something else that I had to talk about
what was it I don't remember that was it
I don't know if I mentioned this already
if I did then my bad
but all the dates that are out right now
for the tour those are the dates no more
dates getting added as far as I know for
this leg of the tour so find the city
closest to triple evidencing tour com
VIP tickets are still available for some
of those cities as well so yo places
like Hartford Boston Seattle San
Francisco Kansas City Vancouver Chicago
Washington DC and I'm all those places
so go go go go go go go and most
importantly if you liked it subscribe
how is the Mariano feels good to be back
feels good to be back so I had this joke
with jazz but jazz
