head to the airport all day all day
tradition hoo-ha listen for every play
from whom egg mcmuffin caramel with a
strawberry for tokyo with no me yeah
yeah me to the app web
all right panda Montreal that's what's
up that's what that's what's up yep
yeah that's what's up look how fresh and
clean my new luggage would be looking
mm-hmm that's right
so we think that dad is already inside
because he had a connecting plates like
we're standing outside you like to hug
what do we do we don't have any like
decision-making skills anymore with your
dad says yeah I'm really cold my hair's
wet and I'm like shivering and as per
usual humble is the last one to get here
and humble lives the closest to the
airport blue humble you fail you fail
but look at all of you you're on Eclair
hair not much has changed because I was
a scarf around him who apparently
humbles here humbles here quite
different book so we're wearing
suitcases of our everyone's overweight
I'm five pounds underweight shiny was
underweight yeah I was underweight but
now when reaches here you go here we go
so many truth okay it is so it's 50 on
the dot he'll be on the dolly yeah how's
it
choo-choo-choo-choo
you take a selfie look that's what
that's a pretty I like it
hmm bogus and that I knocked out so hard
on that plane for 48 minutes I
desperately needs Sabrina I had to good
and after one use oh yeah thank you it's
okay it's gonna happen okay welcome to
our home for today everyone's rooms
aren't ready so we're having community
nap only jazz and I have room so
everyone's gonna sleep in our rooms as
such okay good night
we're up and I could have slept for
three more hours if I wanted to but yo
there's situation Showtime I have
forgotten perform in so long I feel like
I don't know any of my jokes any my
cordial but that's why we're going early
right now to figure it all out it's also
better than my California Montreal
Maury all right Moorea Moorea Moorea
Moorea la la lazy you know what that's
rom-com below you know what time it is
oh my god look crazy you know time it is
it's time for upgrade up it's been so
long go shady but to hold it down right
now yeah yeah so I got it
also my name's Ben my dryer it was this
major miniature madra anyways to some
quality content right here dad when I
michelle is this I got a big by adding
to the munch I'm angry Yasser accident
one how do you want whoa we've got this
21 dogs let's go
oh man you think is a bit weird I'm not
used to it
yo just wish I'm angry like all these
wonderful gifts I got I'm so happy yeah
thanks tested everything for poison true
true
and now we're going to walk into my room
to sign some shirts and some not
holsters um even while opening my other
guests I noticed I'm like I gotta be
with you guys you have to see my blog be
like I mentioned a vlog few days ago hi
sign a duo DC and so do like oh my god
so let me explain basically in my videos
I am now like able to say whatever to go
Superman I always have been saying that
but now I'm like actually legally able
like I have an understanding with DC
that's fine but having said that I still
wanna just let y'all know that the logo
like the Superman logo like I can't
really say that's my logo it's not my
logo so unfortunately every time y'all
come to meet & Greets and buy me gifts
that have that Superman logo and
Superman hands through my stuff like I'm
actually not allowed to wear those
things so why she has her own logo with
her own and yeah you know the S I have
on my shirt like the the color for
shirts where I have my my logo my ass
that's my logo but I can't I can't
legally associate myself with Superman
logo so in the nicest way I guess if you
guys feel the need to buy me guess what
you actually don't have to but I can't
really use anything that has a scene you
know you know what a few too sudden even
buying her a gift for her to take home
showing up in her shirt it's gonna make
her heart melt if you really wanted to
do something like again is not in a man
cries wanna like I just feel bad like
you guys me so much stuff and I'm just
not able to use it or ever wear it and
so I don't want you to waste your money
so probably find it I mean you can leave
with the shirt with a signature on it
like me and then I can never wash it
exactly so I just wanted to throw that
out there that um yeah and even like
when you guys are in my vlogs and you
come wearing that Superman wears like
it's hard for me to include that in
vlogs and it always has to be like
an issue like if we're shooting the
documentary blur at all all that stuff's
just beware you like that logo is not my
logo superwoman noble my that's the
superwoman logo so if you want to
support the Superman logo with that one
or the sorry the Lilly Singh logo it
would be that one yeah yeah now my signs
in these posters and shirts
dear vlog today really messed up my hair
and I didn't like it
sincerely jazz no no it's sincerely jazz
just bring the show I'll be happy to
mike gilliam as I pop my eardrum there
was like well you know how was the Marty
audience up there up there I know feels
good to be back feels good to be back so
had this joke with jazz but jazz is all
my changes right so she's the one who's
holding my onesie when I ran offstage
and so every time I tell him I jazz if
you could just hold the one's a little
lower cuz I can't have to get into so
fast she had literally holds it here and
I'm like with my leg please for a second
this is me trying to get to adjust which
is multiple yeah like I'd like jump off
the trampoline and with lower logic why
I'm over other why she did good she did
good very good I added a costume change
today I just so I could wear these dope
shoes which I think a little bit yeah oh
yeah yo the need for sleep is too real
right now I got a huge migraine but my
regression to eat first for sleep
because maybe that's when my head is
hurting baby yeah dehydration or food
tell her she's a doctor now
yeah doctor no she so we walk into
monitor for poutine and I was know go
settle for BK because I'm actually never
had to put him yeah judge me judge me
hard I've never had a poutine to myself
I don't bite of someone else between
months of my life I actually I could not
completely familiar with hard what it
tastes like
because you're not a fan of with the
she's not a fan of like super duper like
yeah saw something yeah I feel like yeah
it's not thing but I feel like I like it
it's like warm and comfortable like take
nan you like me it's a woman cover like
man you like home which is me and you
time her home
we are we are we are joining her they
heard so much where I feel like action
was wrong with my shoulder it started
hurting a specific spot where I feel
like something is wrong there in my
situations it is pretty Church else go
so we went to be here where a bouquet
and I'm about to have some routine not
over my book put in taste like my fork
is broken
ha ha ha Chianti open my floor poor baby
tanks yes alright so here we go
I mix it order see you they go like this
get some of them Kurds
get to look great get a view a bond
money because much of it yo yeah my
grandpa at least on that would be Jimmy
oh yeah yeah holding the camera far
because I put pimple cream all over my
face on my head to bed we got a oh my
god is it to be downs just three and a
half hours we are flying to Hartford
Connecticut tomorrow as a travel day if
you ever got your ticket to a
triple-double dancing tour.com Montreux
you were so great or Mario you were so
awesome in you're so great I need to
tweak a whole bunch of things in my
comedy set tomorrow so tomorrow's gonna
be a fixing costume day a work day at
Travel day and yeah well we'll do it
together I feel like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe you saw me I promise I
got the next one no for real this money
could play the role of girl in gone girl
I don't know if I can afford it I hope
you offered to pay it's okay I'll pay
for it of course I'm gonna pay for it
you're my only F and friend so I gotta
pay for your broke self
