Hey look I'm not alone for once in my
life
today's mission is to be a good person
and that's every day's mission be a good
person get a lot done and spend quality
time with my baby that's what we're
doing we're ready to do some missions
grabbing some flowers getting some stuff
and relate so bye all right one down one
more to go I'm just talking to everyone
both their weddings and I cannot relate
I cannot relate at all every story
people tell them like oh yeah I got my
shows this happens and when I make
videos this happened thank our numbers
here hold it down 400 we don't eat and
we should soon we'd have to eat with
thing right well we're gonna see Berzin
he's actually done something really
really earlier videos like back in the
first like fetus superwoman days I'll
show you his face and maybe recognizing
but he's been like a rider night since
day one used to hold my camera I'll tell
you straight when I'm with him I've
widget I've been eating for 30 minutes
and my plate still looks like this
Eimer got some it looks like this and I
be five minutes this bird is it so I
don't know you might not recognize me
but I weigh weight early videos there's
no sand them used to hold it down and
help me doing all types of it and I
didn't marry like an adult
it's almost thinking we want to cry and
throw up at the same time what you're
watching yourself what's yours you are
gonna marry alright my fortune is in
French feels like I don't really get it
my fortune is you have a strong instinct
to take care of the people you love true
true you see the fortunes of them a good
person that's right present what did you
say person says stop searching happiness
will come to you and be right here oh my
god yeah that word died
screw the test of patience yes my teeth
in tip that's hella red I'm thinking a
slushy but ignore that because my
patients being tested again yesterday a
great day because I was focusing on
being positive and I'm still gonna focus
on that today then have a really hard
time mine too and emotionally ah I feel
like one stress of this tour is that
everyone tells me things that are not
confirmed now I feel like sometimes I'm
a crook like a control freak and I beat
myself up about that because I'm like
stop being a control freak no one's
perfect you can have to learn to adapt
and adjust roll with the punches these
are all things I know but now I think
I'm blind to the point where I'm like
you know what no I deserve to be a
control freak
this is the biggest project I've ever
worked on this is my creative baby this
is my brain baby this is so much of my
heart and soul on a stage I can be a
good I can will and should be a control
freak because if I don't who cares about
this as much as I do
absolutely no one this tour is like my
child like a mother with her child who's
very protective I'm very protective
about this and it's like so many
people will just throw it information at
me that's not confirmed that gives me
these little mini heart attacks of the
day and they don't realize that it's
adding up and I'm having like a mental
breakdown because I just really I just
really need things to be confirmed and
not be treated as if they're
insignificant details of my tour no
detail of my tour whether it's a single
seat in the theater whether it's a
single ticket whether it's a single post
or a poster or a single song or a single
video or anything relate to my tour no
part of that is insignificant and can be
dismissed with carelessness no no that's
not paying tickets for that's not what I
work so hard was not with all the dance
they're working so hard for everyone
needs to pull their way and I feel like
so often I feel I can have a mental
breakdown because I'm told something I
believe it I find it's not true or I'm
mislead to be something else like just
that's what I'm feeling right now but it
doesn't matter because um where's wanted
me to should see his shop for so long
he's so excited about it because he
totally renovated it and this is his
moment and so I'm ranting in the car but
the moment I get out of the car when I
go back to positivity supporting my baby
brother I saw that you know all this
stuff that happens behind the scenes of
the tour like I hope you guys like the
show I love the show I put my heart and
soul into it but just if I could
mother-effing clone myself I swear to
God I would
positivity it's chill out chill out your
heart
baby both store right now he spent all
of his hard work and designing
renovating this show us around show us
around are all the novelties are oh look
at how bombed this is like I'll hang up
legit the walls are all I know if you
remember but look a few vlogs back to
suit the Shelton used to look like now
it's got hardwood floors paint like this
one when she gets married can you
rephrase that if I ever get get married
if she ever gets the drawing gets
married loss should come where you would
take you all down that's what's up these
things and the mannequin I'm so proud of
you even these I could be so fun over
here you would you know about this but
you know about this this is the mad
Virginia oh and the best part there's a
mirror over here for dope selfies oh
just and on yeah oh my god thank say yes
to the dress yeah that's awesome
sup fashions your dress what's up that's
what's up I'll put the information in
description you know what's up
I'm restore for lie finish high five
beauty I'm so proud of you you know
after my show apparently came and worked
at this fort we I did I did
she's like you're you said something and
I don't we got a work for them yeah you
gotta work for you do you not wish you
and I was like I wish for this but I
gotta work for it too so right after the
show like all right here three four
hours of work and I'm like alright now I
can't like function and delusional now I
can sleep true true true so I have
discovered something and that is right
now it seems I'm only capable of being
good at one thing or the other I'm
either good at my personal life or I'm
good at superwoman
today I didn't know things for soup-bone
but I've been nailing my personal life
visiting old friends about to go see my
sister great but what I do Superman
stuff I'm not good at doing personal
stuff so I need to find the balance
between those two things
yeah
I think kind of sentimental talks
because you can't take me seriously it's
raining outside and I'm wearing a white
t-shirt oh my god that's Selena Gomez's
a new video it's waning it's pulling oh
man is knowing I'm meeting my sister's
house I'm heading home peddling my mom's
not feeling well she's a toothache it's
really really giving our times I'm gonna
go check up on her and then started my
bajillion things I need to do including
two calls it's only four so I got lots
of time but didn't get much sleep last
night so I'm getting sleepy so we two we
need to persevere and not feel lovely
persevere my first conference call new
packing those noodles will come in handy
I'm gonna eat two seven times whoo this
is my current status is to move five
hours me to pack you think at this time
in my life over impact a billion times
are taking like an hour bateau I've
learned five hours and I still hot like
three so - I stop - but now I have pizza
so I eat like crap all day I'm okay with
it
no I am finally done packing printing my
bank statements for my accountant
washing my hair doing things it's like
almost worrying what time is it even
this is like not suitcase I'm taking
it's another suitcase she's my life
skills it's 3:45 I gotta leave for the
airport at 3:00 I mean at 5:30 so I can
sleep for like 1/2 hours yay
we were heading to Montreal which is
like a totally off 45 minutes late and
that's my geographies wrong but yeah
we're heading to Montreal I'm very
excited I'm gonna like kind of feel like
weird I feel like I'm not ready to go
back on tour but like I am I'm feel like
I'm in this weird middle State but
anyways full speed ahead
huzzah uh yeah if you like it subscribe
if you're naked subscribe
you
