goodbye house we are checking out we
cleaned as much as we could hopefully is
good enough my flight got delayed like
two times so we woke up in the morning I
was delayed it was chaos we know what to
do but we got to sleep it a little bit
more my shoulders and head are freakin
throbbing
I couldn't you see a doctor but no
amount of massages know about anything
we'll help you figure it out well we are
heading home we're getting on the bus
right now a lot of garbage here we need
your cheese you forgot his cheese so I
feel like dying I'm dying
smear don't feel good and I feel the
same way I felt in Bangalore and that
means that my body is just like can't do
it exhausting
this IQ must survive flight so business
class is pretty empty and I asked them
if I know Shaniqua come sit there and
she's like I don't know how to ask the
problem means no but I'm waiting right
answer
we'll see what happiness
back home with Tehran oh no way for
everybody right here back home just
landed when body's broken but I've said
that a building time Sona stop
complaining
my plan is my mom and dad even picked me
up I'm going to go home who to stretch
that's my game play go home and stretch
that's humble to turn up right now and
go home stretch took a hot shower drink
watch out and go to sleep I think my
body is just it it I didn't think
exhaustion was a real thing and tell the
story but it is possible for your body
it's just be like I can't do it anymore
I need I need to like relax it's not
someone do and i'ma wait for the
unicorns the time has come for us to
depart
what is everybody gonna do for the next
2-3 days I'm gonna miss you guys
and we can't wait to perform for him so
long and either it's gonna be Montreal
on the 8th and never involve us North
America so by Castilla
countdown yeah we have a big house
unified countdown it's because Lily's
not calling it out who are you one two
three nine ten oh and dad is not here
dad and Uncle John taste like a champion
just Punk'd
you think we should wait long in the
back has a jumper it's night so we're
home for three days incidentally three
days leaving down the 8th to start the
North American leg of the tour
oh hey one hell of a ride man god damn
um yeah if you haven't bought your
tickets from North American dance yeah
VIP tickets are still available which
means you can meet and greet me double
double y'all losing toward calm you
gonna get it and time yeah love you so
much I'm gonna bed now in my own bed if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe gee I totally just talked to
me only other way out oh my god oh my
god you know my resume I'm sorry
can you just mix on price
