this one good morning ah I feel like I
need to buy this house I swear to God
come on I'm not getting over this view
um my face is breaking out beyond belief
I have a pimple right here not here but
whatever it's all good it's just I said
yesterday I didn't get a pimple all tore
now that I have some photo shoots coming
up that boom boom boom boom boom that's
cool that's cool that's cool
he's all beautiful I'm gonna go eat some
breakfast jazz making me egg because
she's a little muffin and a half and
then we're heading to a meeting and then
today get this I ready and getting my
hair cut I I cut my hair like once a
year maybe I'm just getting it trimmed
and I'm getting layers in a little bit
but every time I got my hair got haircut
I have like anxiety I can't have to
close my eyes after like oh but that's
happened today um and it really needs to
be cut because like really done at the
end but yeah and then someone's gonna
come over today
Terry's gonna come over to a bunch
people gonna come over to shave my head
little shindig a small thing not too
much of a big thing because tomorrow
gotta wake up relatively early because
my secret project starts secret flower I
can't tell you about names all right bad
but first brekkie let's go eat some
brekkie what it's I'm Ricky
well it's unbreaking bricky Ricky okay
breathe reasons that my jess is better
than your jets okay guys movie she is
the only judge judy or need you as in
male 8 Thomson you're in breakfast
watching Kiana workout
I feel like a part of the team go Kiana
yeah
let's go to be Co beast beast I'm like
yeah I got my be good cold but still
wearing sneakers yeah yeah heading to my
meeting right now my shoulders hurt I
think I'm gonna have to lie in the hot
tub today for like medical reasons let's
do it look good
cutie-patootie do I have to keep being a
professional no yes
okay so we're done our sticker meeting
we are heading home am Here I am right
here and we have so I have some huge
news but I can tell ya we tell you for
the humble you'll understand when you
hear it
let's go do that announcement so I have
a deal with a company let me take the
deal guys yourself okay let me tell you
the deal so it's gonna be for the next
year for the next year year goodnesses
five days okay every single day I get
free Chipotle and I got free catering to
two events at Chipotle they're giving a
VIP card I get will be - only every day
that's bananas bad day my life is filled
with Chipola best day of my life oh my
god where's the tree God right up there
at the rock
right up there at the Ron Paul arena we
could we could read these away for the
card though and they just know that I
also love UNICEF do when you become like
a beast no no
we told the profession people coming in
pyro in the world smooth okay so today's
a monumental moment something you guys
would even know about but basically I
just signed a deal that's been a long
time in the making with DC people always
ask me a question thing with the super
owner I'm signing a deal with DC as we
speak it's a monumental moment what else
can I say about this stairwells missing
that's it that's all right I'm allowed
to be super uber right yeah I'm allowed
to be superwoman from dance and movement
on Danny not to have a panic attack
because she's about to get a haircut is
going in quite indoors I own Arbor
getting a haircut one persisters
whatever side and she freaked out at
that time she thought I was just a
little too short I was like a little
bitch book man wasn't her pretending to
be on so she can like throw it back yet
so restful it and I can tie it up in a
home title suppertime oh yes
she's trying to go like this layer so it
is that time of day not where I drank
that also I'm getting my hair cut
and I've cut my hair before I don't
answer as I've come here before but it's
been like probably two years and look up
here we're gonna do it yeah I gotta do
it right now we're gonna do it this
carrier she's gonna cut my hair it's
happening it's happening it's happening
it's happening it's happening this is a
real thing is happening it's happening
there's only a little bit like such a
little bit it's like so little right
it's like yeah okay it's looking like
that I'm fabulous and oh yeah I didn't
know you better stop just do it just
come in just come and don't you worry
you've survived she basically just like
I thought L could be her baby that's all
she did it's so long I'm on my knees
like I'm everything on the ground so I
think you'd be lying down here yeah
hey first layer ready is Lily this
Wow I'll see you all so you may
recognize olya Samara from the ring and
uh so I got a delivery right now it's in
a box I'm opening it there's an envelope
my name type get this there's a wax seal
like you know Game of Thrones steel and
it says Chipotle on it oh my god this is
the best one
Oh
alright that your portly celebrity gift
card essentially that one meal evident
oh my gosh is cool
what is your life oh crap but the Sun is
it's Lily's custom-made hand oh my god
this card is for you and you alone it
isn't transferable and therefore cannot
be used by any other person other than
the person whose name is on the card so
no matter how much you're deserving
assistant bags you're Asian pleaser and
you sibling thank you you're out of luck
good for your hairy head all fit in
don't watch also think of something
okay Lily I sure anyways yeah we share
my score and a head did now oh oh I
don't my hair Dan um it's still long
it's still long it's still long it's a
long right thuggish yeah look at this
it's still down to her but I didn't
really want all of it no grind on my
baby right now
hey watch off
hold on hold on q1 like this one I Katie
so know why this is important for
childhood is it no it is that can you
stop I'm trying every frame right now is
this guy you just ignore me call me big
fron front money
okay good made it so here because we ran
really bad
oh my god I think jazzing know she made
me it's fine we cons that's it good is
Johnny BBQ for us he'll is Alan you're
gonna help cheer Lily up why does really
need to get cheered up she keeps losing
and pool Oh
non-stop non-stop Louisville hell up to
- humbled to be cheered up because he's
not me before the night BG one
it's gonna happen here we go
it doesn't matter we gonna be okay yeah
oh she's right Uncle John is an amazing
cook look at all what he made us holy
fresh so good love love I love I thought
you know why boy
nothing you did I'll be honest I'd be
able to you know how many give me up
good night good night
dogs right no I'm gonna head to bed so
late I got away about 7 a.m. because my
secret project tomorrow um hopefully I
can vlog a bit of tomorrow but it's 12
hours that I'm working tomorrow
um jazz and come with me jazz is
sleeping the moon swoosh I just wanna be
that's why speedy mices and thanks for
joining me another venture and if I make
tomorrow's event to you look at this
honestly can't I something this
sentimental moment I have never been one
for luxury or like I know it sounds
cliche but you can ask anyone I work
with like I don't care about money at
all I'm the worst financial person ever
he's like yeah who cares or
