I woke up like this just kidding I like
spent so long my makeup
it is my cousin Sharon who you actually
know she's the wonderful beautiful
gorgeous cousin sister of mine who does
my makeup flawless artistry it is her
wedding anniversary today and I'm
heading over there she was gonna are
overweight so I'm heading over there I'm
super late my parents left without me
because I woke up this morning and my
body was broke up if you watched
yesterday's vlog and all that kind of
thing but I feel a little bit better and
stretched it out and yeah now I'm going
to a wedding anniversary please let's go
into my car and something smelled like
death hope I didn't leave like food in
here oh yeah
so look who it is my boss when does all
my famous makeup fellas right now this
is the anniversary party I'm just like
are you still married
apparently he's such a sweetheart
I love situation yeah he had mice price
I can get turned only real
brother-in-law does that though also
there's these tents right here better
for the food but I was like I'm pretty
sure this is like dog cages or in bed
what do you think but either way it
makes more sense what I'll pant
reference I'm about to clean my car it's
a little bit of disaster and promised
myself I wouldn't let it get to this old
blah never real talk moment with y'all
hope that's cool the past few days I've
really been struggling with the feelings
of being lonely and I know that sounds
like super strange I'm always around so
many people but yeah I don't know what
it is
recently I'm feeling really lonely and I
think it's because my life is almost
like non-stop rollercoaster ride and
it's like the strangest thing I was I
was I can't even put into words I think
what it is is that like I don't feel
lonely physically like there's someone
people around me I feel lonely and like
my priorities and what I experience in a
day and just so many things like I think
being in the LA house as well kind of it
was amazing I got to share with all my
friends all the unicorns it was so much
fun it was also like waking up every
morning going to do work with them all
having fun like I have a lot of fun to
doing what I do but I think there's a
little bit tough missing I feel like I'm
missing out on a lot of things
it is this FOMO I feel like I'm missing
out on things and every night I was like
oh I got to go to bed cuz I don't wake
up early but like they're having so much
fun there's some nights and even the
night of the party when I was so tired
I'm like forcing myself to try to stay
up and have fun and like I couldn't cuz
I had to wake up I was really tired and
I just feel lonely like going to bed and
hearing everyone having fun and it's
just it's so stupid because the
opportunities I get are so amazing I'm
so grateful for them but it's just I
don't know it's like a situation I'm not
been in before my parents are home we'll
continue this in a second so as I was
saying it's not only that it's like I
decide it's like I almost feel like I've
lost a part of myself like my soup woman
has gotten so intense I never expected
to get this big and this crazy and back
in the day I used to be that person that
was like so social and able to make new
friends like talk to people and like I'm
still that person but I feel like my
life is so protected now where it's like
I almost have gone crazy who a little
bit to be honest it's because every
person I talk to now it's like they want
something from me or they start their
sentence by saying oh you're like that
famous girl on YouTube right it's like
they don't I'm so often not treated like
a human that I'm almost forgetting how
to be a human I got go to parties and I
feel like I'm not talking to as many
people and I'm not making you but I
remember last time I made a new friend
and like it's making me sad I feel
lonely there's lot and see some night so
I was like going through my phone being
like oh my god like I wish I had someone
to text it's like it's weird it's really
weird I'm sorry for not making sense but
this is what I'm surrounding wha how I
feel right now
I feel lonely I feel like
no one can relate to the stories I told
no one can relate to what I do in a day
no one can relate to what I'm saying
what I experience and so I might come
home and say you know this doesn't this
happened they have no idea what I'm
talking about because you'd have to be
me I don't know I feel me no I'm gonna
shut the F up and clean my car yo making
mac and cheese ham and mac and cheese is
so long I'm so happy I was just tweeting
something really deep that I want to
share with you on this vlog as well and
I was just thinking about my life I
think what my job and this is like one
of the realest things I'm ever gonna say
but I just discovered what the hardest
part of my job as a superwoman the
hardest part of my job is not letting my
job change me for the worse and I'm
gonna be so honest with you and tell you
this that there's so many ways that
being in the public eye can mess with
your mind I could give you a list of
wait I give you a list twice as long why
it's so wonderful but I can give you a
list of why it will F with your mind and
the hardest part of my job is constantly
talking to myself and it's just all the
mental stuff that goes on and I just
want to share that with you
I just want to share that any person
that you like whether it's a musician or
an actor or an actress or any other
youtuber as well just know that they
being in the public eye has a lot of
pros and cons and that's that's home I'm
just gonna put that out there there's a
lot of pros and cons my job yeah it's
not just videos and photo shoots and
things like that it's just like any job
I guess not just mine any job there's a
whole bunch of stuff that people will
never understand I never know yeah
that's nice want to share that with you
that's all
I don't know why why I wanted to say
that too but I just wanted to I was
thinking it so then I said it and then
yeah but I want to end to let you guys
know that I know sometimes I feel sad
and I feel lonely and I tell you these
things but once you know that I'm gonna
be okay
like I am have lived such a life where I
have no choice but to be okay I've been
through way too much in my life to ever
fall down and stay down and I will
always pick myself back up so my new
goal a superwoman is to learn how to be
superwoman and not lose all the
qualities of Lily and that's trusting
people and being social and being
positive and being all those things and
I will learn how to do that this is just
this world tour and these experiences
have you know they're they're
challenging they're challenging things
so I just wanna let you guys know that
I'm going to some challenges but like
I've done so many times my life I will
be fine
and thank you for always being my
backbone as well so I'm gonna meet the
mac & cheese now so how this is been a
really sentimental vlog I better do
something to like amp it up okay give me
one second hang my bub I'm about can I
speak English I'm about to watch the
Beyonce documentary with some mac and
cheese
cuz I'm free in spirit inspiration man
that Beyonce documentary was everything
I need to watch and more it was like
perfect it was it meant to be those to
watch those things so many things that
I've said like it was so nice to hear
someone saying things like she was
saying you know I always wanted to be
perceived a certain way and didn't want
to be perceived as being difficult and
being polite but then she's like I
learned that when you do business like
you can't always be play and oh just
like all these things that I keep
talking about oh she was even talking
about the whole like
