final day of secret project oh my good
we having a skirt a top as a skirt also
Sara's here can everybody hello Keith
are we ready to party tonight I think
are you having a party tonight go back
tonight and then we're flying so early
in the morning look how beautiful oh oh
stop man today haha
wild jazz appears not allowed to tell
you guys too much about this secret
project but it's gonna be really big and
exciting I'm gonna try to show you as
much as I can without getting in some
real trouble here you guys go quality
content number one quality content
number two yeah more really excellent
content
excellent excellent work
my god hi my name is Jessica okay let me
introduce you to my new BAE okay he's so
hot oh my G I totally just talked to me
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
yeah my resin I'm sorry can you just fix
my purse
oh my god I'm so sorry oh my god I'm so
sorry I totally touched you you what's
up what's up ah ah frickin just cuz
she's so annoying she was like hijacking
my blog and stuff anyways Jess are you
jazz working on the newsletter and I'm
excited we're both excited because we
came up with a few really cool ways to
improve the newsletter because I really
want to be really do so things we've
included are like advice from bottom
jeath words from like when jeath what
else do we add oh look at my favorite
song of the month
um my favorite video video pick of the
month
um I'm surprising some surprises you
can't tell you a very cool very cool
she'll get a mistake peak because
technically when this comes out they'll
already have a newsletter hey let's go
to the thing you just showed me huh look
how high jazz did she made these little
thumbnail things of all the vlogs and
all the times I've logged onstage she's
so good look at her and you can click on
them and they go to the vlog of that day
oh and she didn't cheat like they're all
from that show
except for the subscribe button except
for the subscribe button which is from
from the time people subscribed yeah
very good
oh my god well excited but should we
leave first
this has been the song of this shoes
tapping hello wait you know look
depicted right here and he's hitting on
sorry I came home look at your head I do
it already
did you feel a lot oh this is long neck
line this is my nan who is my soul mate
right here she's like I know you don't
I'm cuz you're gonna party to go to
but you just finished your senior
project I'm coming in
boyfriend to forget rehomed in
silhouette governess
yes thank you feet in the last for 10
minutes it's not going to hurt you
Rach missile mate when two seconds we've
destroyed the room I'm wearing this top
with these shorts and mine is silver
shoes and I saw the hat as a saying
right
oh my god my hair feels so short it's
not but it feels really short I'm not
done
ultimate breaking out like hell Oh dad
hey
hi I'm like this shoe game no sucking
all my pants but like can we just take
note of those shoes okay you know no
mirror will show but blue point is you
know if I should wait down oh my god
she's a genius yeah obviously okay let's
see how the kids clean the house they're
so adorable oh my God look at this
we're doing up - party right now a kid
knocking door knocking arrested it's go
away
Grouse win for the win
I can almost live in pool so each like
her I guess
Hey
okay I'm officially old it is 136 I am
dying to go to sleep but everyone's
gonna yell at me if I do as much good
change to some track pants do you feel
like I was on set all day so tired
oh my can the need for sleep is too real
I was dying the whole party couldn't
really enjoy much I did actually no want
anything I had some like deep combos
with Kunal and he like really had some
real things to me that I need here so
that's cool
um no to see I am so tired I'm sorry if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it I just burped
subscribe also my new vlog tomorrow
because the travel day and every time I
travel from LA to Toronto the whole days
pretty much gone but I see you soon you
bye
secret project okay Lily over there
shooting suddenly nobody stupid thing
she doing but we don't post vlog
yesterday because Lily had very bad days
today she retired she compared over to
today we posting
