she's coming straight from the spa you
know Jacobs wearing a robe is cold
what's going on welcome back to loosing
clothes we also harder we're practically
lives I got my hair and makeup good
clearly cuz I'm headed to an interview
ain't it change because I can't be
walking in like you're someone give me a
you interviewed me you mean massage
Bobby so let's change there we go all
black everything I'm even voluntarily
wearing heels who I am I'm a changed
person ears the vision which today I
have to give her hair makeup done did it
I have an interview have a meeting have
another meeting Lisa video do super 66
my hair makeup again and I'm going to a
dinner with Charlize wow it's gonna be a
day and a half but it's okay because the
hustle don't scare us let do it okay
start simple what's your name what are
you doing bad sometimes because I'm so
focused on something where I can also
not realize it's happening around me can
you hear that no it's not the Texas
Chainsaw Massacre my house although it
sounds like that from 8:00 in the
morning they're fixing something on my
roof so from age it's like in my goddamn
ear finish my interview up give me the
point it was so interesting because I
get asked a lot of the same questions
usually interviews and so I'm trying to
find his balance between answering
what's truthful but also sounding
exactly the same every single time so
for this interview I tried to really not
be rehearsed at all and just speak for
my mind and I thought I was all over the
place that I walked all my publicist and
bopping everyone there like that was so
good knows like now I just finished a
meeting as well so good no points for
that and I am headed to do another
meeting downstairs so Alaska but first I
have to poopoo
there's a small-scale production -
normally there's about three other
humans over there so nice back with a
crack yeah what release my video I'm so
excited but is Disney character house
party about to start super six years
well so give me the points for the video
really we don't do it it's gonna be late
I actually love everyone in the video as
a whole bunch of people have actually
never met before and we just met the
first time I did the video knows so
awesome because they were so free
especially Aladdin I love the dude way
to live in his name is Reuben he was
just so free with his expressions I was
like I love that you have no
restrictions when the kafirs on you I
was possibly method acting with the
drink a lot of bottles were finished
all right points
so I am reacting to something today
which many of you might not be familiar
with but I love Bollywood and there's a
new movie out with Deepika shine and one
beer saying that's just like killing the
game and a new song got released that
Deepika performed upon a pony but the
fact that paddock own poop alone
it's called Huma I hope I said that
right but that's what's called and it's
like cinematic brilliance I don't wash
me everything snippets and from what I
saw Mike this is cinematic brilliance
I'm alive react to this song and it
flows you're not something bollywood
bollywood like releases a trailer then
the song then the movie so it's like
highly anticipated he's been trending
everywhere it's my live reaction first
time watching you know I love Deepika
here we go Maya already she's so damn
hot I love her for so many reasons I
will make a squirrel one day of all the
reasons I love her to come through
profile oh damn
are you kidding me with the seamount and
I know all those people are probably
actually there and it's not done in
post-production so when the flames off
even though besides the background this
frame is perfect
I always tell my team like that she was
dreaming like y'all enjoyed Bollywood
movies they just are not recognized
enough in like Hollywood they're just so
cinematic you really come through with
that Ronan shot through two twirling
squirt tow sports skirts
damn damn piercing and this is a welcome
straight-up but the fact that they're
sprawled the floor drowned in the Bell
my god so a lot of Bollywood Hungama is
like facial expressions that's why all
these Bollywood actors actually so bomb
if you look at our facial expression
here yeah
come through those days our style bikes
time so if you're watching this for the
first time this is a great introduction
she makes me so proud oh my god Jenelle
no circles also an aerial shot not even
Oh fire because one of the first
Bollywood actors or actresses talked
about mental health so openly when so
taboo in South Asian culture just
gorgeous and phenomenally talented you
already know I think what everyone's
gonna find so ash is actually where the
first bucket actually ever met why enter
the industry so this is I want okay so
I'm heading to a dinner being hosted by
Charlize I don't have set a house or a
restaurant that's not a restaurant I
think and we are celebrating or Africa
out we've punched the ten-year
anniversary which of course what a
supporter cuz I love her but I didn't
get style because I was like this out of
my own so this what I'm wearing I don't
tell me what you what you think of it
it's got a funky right it's cocktail
dress code and I like just pick does not
tailored to me or anything but I thought
it was cute and nice and funky I also
just mildly shaved my legs without water
you know nothing you're not supposed to
do is just run a razor over he likes
totally did that will have razor burn
ohana preserved for sure this is violin
was a black oh don't they get steel what
do you think obviously I just recycled
my makeup touch it up and I was like
talk about hair makeup dead no no no you
see no I just I'm like this every day
Charlize no I didn't have an interview
this morning I didn't Renee and Ashley
were not here did you just me every day
okay oh yeah that's good alright I
finally changed my phone to the iPhone 8
plus and my team knows me so well they
like would you like to take the plastic
off but of course by what I live for
this Oh behave I'm slightly aroused
I with my lover love of my life my
entire life don't bitch others don't be
jealous
usually lover you should be jealous
you tomorrow to get you mark well I love
a kitchen but if you're actually in a
kitchen for a really good cause we're
celebrating and what is that tell us
with it I can't believe I just say that
and what is that and what and what and
what CTA ope is my Africa region program
that immediate launched in 2007
our mission is to
HIV free resources and information to be
coming
actually the first time everyone
Charlie's was at a dinner in relation to
you can go to Charlie's Africa outreach
duct work and you can read about lawyers
but we're doing what organizations we're
supporting and just get information
about what's happening HIV and AIDS and
I think it's always a good thing to do
is to just educate
happening not just with HIV and AIDS in
Africa but in our dream right now
the complacency
to stop us
about where the virus is and
Charlie South Africa and I in the
horrible human being I am slaughter will
happen make sure you go check out my
other links in description to go wean
Warbucks RNAs which is wonderful and
she's lovely you should support and
treat yourself and everything can
display and tweak all right this is
rapid fire with my baby Charlie's here
we go there's no right or wrong so I'm
just gonna give you two options you pick
one game class their heels also you like
where you I do is why you're a better
person than this okay pants or skirt I
like both oh my god what the hell no
multi-dimensional sweet or salty salty
left or right right
mild or hot poor or comedy not see this
well be friends right here butter blue
particle
God also be rapid girl hot hot okay
that's why she like me is it pronounced
gif or Jif but no idea cats or dogs
what's your favorite thing about me if I
do yeah okay least favourite thing look
I don't have a favorite thing of you I
swear I don't
oh my god okay was your first impression
of me you kind of said this always a
first impression for smart I tricked her
amazing okay let's get pervy what's your
favorite physical feature about me
oh I'm sorry they're Envy okay I might
scalp you in the middle of the night you
do it talks about my booty your booty
okay last one advice oh yeah advice on
how to live a happy life make the
journey or truce because if you're
living it for somebody else there's no
turning back and my mom always said if
you're 80 and on your deathbed it better
be you're likely Oh from mom and her mom
is also do everything to impress the
restaurant me that is a good yeah
never taking your shower
everyone believes char Lisa's mother
from gold say III Superman she's so
inspirational too hot and wonderful and
I just adore I had such a lovely time
with her today I spent the whole night
talking to her mom who I am obsessed
with by the way I have obsessed with
Charlie's mom it was so inspirational
and so lovely to see her it is 10:14 I'm
gonna change and get some creative work
done and plan my week ahead so let's
hustle son I don't wanna live and dance
in front of me over the past hour
straight to a pop I'm feeling myself I
miss my half brain here point O so much
because my hair has been so annoying
recently it is so long I know that
sounds stupid coming from you my hair is
so long it gets irritated cause it's not
like layered right now I need to get a
cotton layer because just so long in my
face until when I have the braids just
alleviates so much stress and chaos with
my life my hair is out of my face all
bees fill myself in my main man no we
had a pretty good day product too but
also I felt like a perfect mixture of
leisure and I'm getting better at these
days you know getting better at days
where I'm like where we're gonna work
but y'all I'm gonna take a little second
for myself with work more work - was all
about long Balaam's let's see how we do
don't fuck with Lindy when you're
watching this like I just realize it is
Halloween so happy Halloween to all of
you please be safe if you're going out
partying or you're trick-or-treating or
whatever you're doing please be safe I
hope you have a wonderful Halloween Day
tomorrow is November what the heck does
that happen oh my god but y'all keep it
lit get some candy do you think it talks
mom if you like it subscribe if you like
it subscribe hey I have something to say
and I know when I say the kind of sound
like a broken record I don't care
because every time I feel grateful I
want to communicate I feel grateful
because that's what living a happy life
is all about I know y'all have so many
options to watch so many things and
people might even make more enticing
content than we ran out but you still
should spend your time watching my
videos and I appreciate so so much so
thank you so much from bard my heart I
love you
