so today we are doing some exciting
things I might tell you a little bit
about in a second I'm on my way
personally some Timmy's because I have
not had an ice cap since I got back in
Toronto avoiding this cool new sweater
I got it in Hong Kong it's very like
swag
I dressed so inappropriately it's a lot
um but that's what really and in this
lighting though so we're doing really
exciting things today so so I get to do
something really anything special today
I'm doing a skit for my channel for the
first time ever one of my wonderful fans
is gonna feature in the skit because a
coke found the super fan and I was like
and I'm holding this kid not just get
this is gonna be my skin she's gonna be
awesome and it's gonna be amazing and
I'm so excited we got this cool place in
the shooting I'm wearing a cloak
I'm leaving it culture that you'll do I
got a lifetime's nap call excited Kaelyn
did such a good job first fan ever to be
one of my skits look at her she's so
wonderful
look at her Jeff fun yes yes sure see
that Murch right there this is this is a
support radio support nice Caitlyn you
shushing thank you sup i is home and I'm
not feeling too good two hours to get
home so I was stuck in a car that was
like breaking and gas and braking Casas
so much traffic and I think I got
carsick and my stomach feels like
there's a club inside of its just like
making a whole bunch of noise I think I
eat something and then just chill out
for a bit and let me get some work done
oh my tummy feels like a boo boo
don't worry girl it's a sight I'm all
too familiar with
nasty uh-oh I'm just doing some work I'm
being like 50% productive because I
supposed to still feel it obliged to
collapse and now can I speak
oh I took a nap before I was feeling
really woozy I think the car thing has
got to me I'm doing work and things are
going great
and it's like a nice ease ease what am I
trying to say what can I speak I'm
trying to say that the pace I'm working
at is nice it's not like oh my god I've
been things doing I'm rushing it's like
okay I'm gonna do this and I'm gonna do
this and then I realized oh I gotta
unpack cuz I'm going to LA in one day
and I saw two suitcases doing back when
I told myself I'm gonna do this so I got
that smile but as a right now nothing
too exciting is happening
No okay my snapback collection is
getting ridiculous assume all of them
like deal I need to being him ba-boom
gives me anxiety
except for this part right here I'm I go
to bed at 1 a.m. I feel like I was just
sitting I was just doing nothing after a
while I've had like a semi productive
day I'm a body slope of the Earth's um
tomorrow is another workday probably
feed my car my car full of stuff as well
that's it I feel like no matter what I
do because it's a break in amongst the
tour like I feel like I'm not doing
anything I don't know what it is like I
I feel like I'm not catching a flight
and I'm not checking into a hotel I know
I just wake him up I'm like no I'll grab
you because if you haven't yet for North
America because like going quickly and
your do you know I'm not gonna say you
know in North America there's obviously
gonna be really cool people attending my
shows because I know a lot of really
cool people so that's me super exciting
to their triple w loose Victoire calm if
you watching on my show dose
if you liked it subscribe if you liked
it subscribe let's go
oh my god naked people stealing things
okay break him up
yeah that's us beating them up that's
right I need medication give me I have
bad cholesterol
