I feel like I've been gone for so long
came back that summer it's like I missed
a lot of the winter did I miss the
winter well that makes no sense
when should I leave may disregard
everything I just said
it is interview day today I just
interviewed right now about 6:00 and the
great thing about jetlag is I wasn't
tired so I did one interview and I got
three or four more to go Hummels gonna
join me for one of them jazz gonna join
me throughout the day and then I made my
nails done with Nana that's the eventful
day I'm hoping it's a very very
productive work day I feel it today I
feel it I'm not gonna let any jet lag or
anything get to me today's gonna be
productive we go home the day baby let's
go because I'm late hi I'm so late hi
I'm so late I hate traffic I am so late
you know what I got tweets about that
you've never seen this before yeah thank
you all right yo so we just finished our
interviews now we're eating from
McDonald's Chipotle's closed for the two
hours or me that's not really it is so
I'm like I refuse I'm gonna have to pull
away today remember breakfast tumble
angrily angrily went back to adults and
put bacon in the sandwich after messing
up this order to do bad things
the beard is angry oh my god I'm the
worst human so I changed my last
interview to make it just over the phone
so I headed home totally forgetting
gonna do my nails done with no sh it
home scoped our pastor knows Jamie Bell
do the interview and go back towards her
area you'll finish that interview took a
30-minute nap now I'm going to do a
conference call that half it's an hour
and then I have another conference
coffin that that's 30 minutes but we're
gonna do it I wish I could give you a
tour of my brain of how much this tour
is changing me somethings better some of
the worse actually none for the worse
I'm learning so much things so all for
the better I've just become so much more
I'm tempted to use the word cutthroat
but I don't think that's the right word
it's just I'm a very unicorn happy
person but I've learned that when it
comes to business sometimes you can't
always be like that and it's a very hard
lesson I'm learning where I'm trying to
still be a very nice person but I've
also learned there's nothing wrong with
being like yo this is how I need things
this is what needs to get done and
that's okay
Game of Thrones has taught me that and
Ari Gold has taught me that as well but
I've just noticed I may cause a lot more
sentimental talk with you about this
later but I'm about this conference call
right now so do so just finish two hours
worth of conference calls and I'm
feeling good I got pages and pages of
notes
and things to do with our to-do list the
size of my her right now and font 11 did
you understand that reference that's
what's up
and Tiana's know what I feel I feel
excited excited to work right now I have
just decided you know what this tour
have come and I've been faced with so
many walls and barriers and obstacles
and I'm looking at them and they're
right here and I'm just like you know
what I'm gonna do what I always do I'm
gonna take a hammer and I'm gonna break
them that ass down I'm not gonna put my
back against the wall a cry
against the wall I'm gonna take a hammer
and I'm gonna knock that leather at the
wall down let's do it you eating led to
doing work get the same damn time eating
London London do London
compressor that means penis and bin
champion
I'm gonna go now so I'm back in my car
because I've been working so hard these
last couple hours and I got myself a
little bit of a migraine although to be
fair us on that bed over migraine I'm
going to get a massage not just because
my head hurts but because you wanted
deserve one I have been dancing going on
tour and I told myself before the next
show I get massage so we're gonna
massage right now I'm treating myself
for now and then I'm gonna come back
home and work work work work it's hat
and work work work work work work work
work work I'm having such a productive
it
I just tried to plug in my vlogging
camera into my iPhone charger let's go
to the massage Nicki Nicki just straight
up that girl love the massaging my booty
though she wanna let go of my booty I'm
saying this publicly I'm hiding shoppers
jug right now it's like a pharmacy store
because I need to give my doing on and
on her I need to give myself a facial I
don't think I'll have time to actually
get one so just in case I'm gonna buy
some stuff like a face mask and stuff
his my skin needs to be exfoliated 20
minutes is like a life-or-death
situation for me right now I can't
decide what to get this is why I'm not
an adult this is why my mom's gone for
one day so I ordered food I know I
complain about home-cooked food but I
ordered food because I'm too lazy to
make it um my shoulder hurts like way
more ever since my massage I think she
broke me rock me I would sue Shelly past
that and I'm very excited about it I've
got a lot of work today
and I stabbed more to do but I'm taking
it eating break and get this I'm
watching TV I never watch TV but this is
not a thing but I'm treating myself so
the simple pleasures in life oh my god
was this a Waverly places on TV how am I
gonna go back to work
so there's like 11:45 I'm so tired the
jetlag is hitting strong right now but I
want to make my video for tomorrow
because I promised myself I wouldn't
miss any more videos and I have my
mascara so I'm gonna tough it out and
make a video my body really cute not
even cute Oh took on my hair just
finished recording my video and now I'm
either gonna edit today or tomorrow
haven't decided yet I'm trying to take
some selfies with my hair like this has
ever happened to you your phone
battery's like nowhere near dying and
then you open stop trying to just dies
instantly why is that my hair is only
gonna look this cool for 30 more seconds
I've been with my bags dug beginning
edit a video we're gonna write a script
what time is it I don't know my phone is
dead is actually uploading look at this
day before I freaking promised myself
I'm so mad at myself like missing videos
I promised myself though try my absolute
best not to miss another one and I also
sent a creative script I need to do it
is 247 a.m. I gotta wake up at about 10
so 7 hours of sleep not that bad
tomorrow morning I have my inhere nails
done with nanu
then it's the home town show I'm excited
yeah if you starving on your tickets for
my North American dates the website is
triple double a listening tour calm I
also just posting a main channel video
you check it out the link to our main
channels in the description is my
parents reacting to bad blood by Taylor
Swift other than that thanks for joining
me on another day and we'll have another
advantage now if you like it subscribe
if you liked it subscribe this is camera
see that's you do you like it yeah
