and I'm leaving again morning I met the
airport I look like a Bruno Mars tank
there but with dad yeah and I'm gonna
eat my McDonald's tradition before I go
to the airport eyes are burning I'm so
sleepy as I went to bed so late but I
plan on purpose that I can sleep on the
plane
so that's what's happening right now in
Keynes is here and I'm here and I'm a
and we're going to LA so I have just
concluded I'm the world's worst Packer
mr. Chavez which is in the air should be
a pro I / I'm overweight today we've got
five days coming over I've concluded I
think it's my makeup bag my makeup was
way too heavy
also my camera bag gets thrown in there
and also my jewelry and I also pack like
a stupid amount of jeans and went for
five days I think I'd like seven persons
I don't know what I have a problem I
really really bought it I need to like
seriously this time I'm gonna make a
list of everything I use and don't use
and teach myself cannot do the first
second part of the tour anyways I'm so
early I'm like an hour before my flight
forgot this help feels like to not have
to like check-in 25 eggs yeah
I'm just chilling
yeah I don't want to go sideboards don't
have to walk anymore
I have nothing relevant to say right now
if you BAE it's cold it's soaked wonder
who I think there was not one 10 layers
I was you were like 7 sweaters on a
plane because I'm always cold but today
I was like no I'm another jacket I'm
going to LA I'm about to ask for like 45
blankets right now 2545 a whole blanket
so I'm coming off the airplane and I
hear my name and look away
you missed the Toronto so much Boston
yeah I mean one of the shoes jetsedder
like no partner what I was such a
pleasant surprise I can't hear anything
to run I don't think I'll run into her
she was looks like bored pretty much
this time I'll add my flight land a
little early and I came into arrivals
and she supposed been departures because
like that made me so happy they made me
sit head feet what kind of life that
says that when you randomly run to your
mom at the airport of all but we're like
well you home is that you that was
really cool I really happy about that
I'm now I'm paying to my hotel for today
and then tomorrow and other dancers
arrive and stuff we are heading to that
awesome house with the pool itself but
it's hotel today I'm also going to check
out my love Tyler Oakley show which I'm
very very excited when Simone is also
here it's like why do exciting things
happening yo this is my home for the
next less than 24 hours
look at this every guitar should have
this all the Chargers that's what I'm
talking about that's cool pillow here it
was cool fridge call afraid it's out
caught the guy just operated a musical
I'm gonna Africa German okay they said
hey get this fancy shower
mmm-hmm this body butter so look at this
club can so just like basic stuff now I
need to figure out how I'm getting to
Tyler show because it's an Anaheim it's
in the same city that my shows gonna be
on July 22nd I actually flew here early
one day just to go
so I don't know if he knows that but
I'll make sure I tell him yeah cuz I was
like I'm coming tomorrow anyways might
as well come one day early to see his
show I don't know I'm gonna get there
it's like an hour away so I think I'm
gonna try to rent a car right now so
I'll just rent a car and evaluate all
the factors right now I found a place
I'd walk to that mic wait what's up
parking at my hotel parking up my hotel
costs more than the car
so now I'm like hey guys uber it's gonna
be a hefty uber be like oh no I'm gonna
give me a ride I checked you in my room
what if you talk Thank You check out the
window somebody you never sim
gets around walking you know anything
about me guess where I'm walking right
now comment blow before I said Chipotle
obviously I feel bad a humbling jazzer
and yeah but yo every home we fit
themselves sometimes funniest thing just
happened I was coming up the elevator
and I'm not so dressed up in my plain
clothes right and these two girls walk
in and they're like oh my god I love
your outfit I'm like are you serious I'm
wearing track pants is what I was in the
plane with right and then she looks down
at her home fit okay you're gonna run me
over okay
thanks thank you thank you kind sir
uh-huh she looks down and they're
wearing like shorts what everything yeah
we're wearing our whole outfits I'm like
I'm sorry what'd you think I whole
outfits I'm like true true I appreciate
that honesty I appreciate that humor
this is so funny my girlfriend's
straightforwardness stupidly oh my god
she portly
okay this is sound really lame but I'm
like so happy I feel so happy playa la
and the
there's everything about it I just love
it very prefers my humps I feel so bad
she just waited for humble and as far as
you all haven't had been so long but
then I was like independence you know
so effing jokes my hotel is basically a
club like I know if you can hear this
it's just constant music playing listen
you know I'm on the 11th floor I just
realize my hotel is a song lyric I think
it's like a nice cut all it's like it's
called the W I'm pretty sure Drake
references it
am I being a stupid stupid ignorant
person right now yeah everyone's like
like it's like 4:00 p.m. dawn oh I hurt
my crooked tooth yep so I have just
called my uber to head to tie the show
the shirt I'm wearing so cute
it's like heads and Quinn's on a unicorn
crop top he'll freak you love it first
time wearing it hair look at the
dinosaur summer party where's your
onesie and she was actually do have a
onesie on me but I was like am I gonna
be like bad girl but now I'm nervous
there's no 150ms I'm so excited I'm
gonna find go so hard I'm so happy
you're here um what are you expecting
Jame saison Cambridgeshire
why don't I expect is you know you're
getting yourself into
I don't I'm expecting a whole lot of
sass that's for sure I want bundles of
sass yeah I'm expecting I just like you
really good with interacting defense
almost like a lot of fun interaction a
lot of sass I want to see your show up
I forgot to pack my makeup wipes and I'm
going to sleep it's so early but like
I'm so excited because like sleep you
know how I feel asleep and it's so
limited in my life that's not even that
early though what time is it is it 10:30
it can't be 10:30 okay so it's 10:30
okay I wanted to do some stuff on the
laptop and go to sleep and tomorrow my
family's the dance is arriving really
excited but don't stop what you don't
stop the dancing rabbit I'm really
excited about it
thank you for joining me on another day
if you haven't grabbed your tickets at
chill W losing tour calm do it do it do
it do it if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe it's doing it on my shirt
there's always Donuts on my shirt cow I
swear I'm the worst at wearing makeup
and rubbing my eyes like why my was a
raccoon boy he's bougie I'm a nose
