I slept in and I'm feeling like once
upon a time my car was clean and then
that Toronto show happened in the
bonfire happened and and of course it's
raining so I can't even like twerk while
cleaning my car in the Sun damn
alright just grab the package it is so
rainy outside it's actually a Melbourne
so like y'all there sipping people in
Melbourne use honor you beat India and
Hong Kong and Singapore Australia before
Dubai after we're making movies
real real movie and we're making all the
real movies right now and we're done for
the day we're done how you feel but
today so she thinks how do you feel by
everything shot today I feel very good I
feel very professional I feel like we
got great something that's gonna be very
good for the documentary documentary
that's very good that's gonna be very
good movie you heard it here first from
a weirdo in a plaid shirt also also
where'd he go he's also a game of
Thrones freak oh yeah so we we just
discussed Game of Thrones although we
theorized then we talk about things
mm-hmm and the mother of unicorns first
of my name look how dark and gloomy it
is what am I like wait what is this son
I man there you okay what's going on I
just ordered food swish Shelly again and
my mom's not home so I feel like I'm
allowed to order food everyday I voted
on my car right now I'm pack and pack
and stuff and I said this yesterday if
you want
life is so not exciting right now
because I'm it's like such a contrast to
being on tour with my life right now but
we're heading to LA tomorrow for some
cool stuff I'm trying to get permission
to tell you what that stuff is that's
why I keep avoiding telling you what it
is but legal stuff
not my round round round so my food is
here I'm like that girl like loves sides
an appetizer side and even actually
order a main I just got a bunch of sides
so I got mashed potatoes I got corn at
Rice I got veggies at bread I don't know
but Smirnoff I just left over so you
know that's what I'm gonna do right now
and I got a Caesar salad so I'm gonna
eat no TV no nothing just thoughts to
myself some me time quality me time
right now JK I decided I'm not gonna be
smirnoff ice instead I'm gonna share a
coke with you team super have one left
over I'm gonna drank it so I was just
packing but I've been trying on clothes
the past three hours
guys donut on my shirt there's always
Donuts on my shirt cow I swear I'm the
worst at wearing makeup and rubbing my
eyes like why am i was a raccoon boy
kiss boo-boos I'm a nose
stop it stop it stop it I feel like my
bed has become a zoo of unicorns it's
like and the rock of course baby
like just this is the newest addition
Nicki's baby unicorn and I want to talk
about this one it's so fluffy because
it's actually not fluffy at all it's
actually very hard it can knock someone
up I remember that day at shopper's the
other day when I spent a billion years
got these no strips I love them the ones
that I pull out the blackheads and dirt
and stuff
came home realize already have a box
this why should never go to pharmacy the
time is 244 a.m. on relief the airport
at 8:15 a.m. so I'm gonna pull this off
my nose and get some sleep so I have
received news that I am NOT allowed to
tell you what I'm going to LA for which
is very but whatever gotta follow the
rules so let's just say it's a secret
project the good exciting news is that
I'm going to tomorrow
and wait for all of the dancers
including jazz and humble are coming the
next day and we have a house that we're
all staying in as a pool and it's sick
it's gonna be maze or basically living
together they're gonna be there on
vacation
cuz I'm taking them with me even though
I have work with my secret project I'm
like yo you guys come with and you guys
have vacation you work so hard so
they're gonna enjoy themselves and I'm
going to come home from work every day
and come home to my family hopefully
they'll have dinner made if any of you
are watching this have dinner made uh
yeah that's gonna be super exciting and
we say good for that I feel like I
haven't been in the telly and like so
long before the tour I used to go like
every month and now it's like oh my god
remember as long that's cool um anyways
how you get the tingling on my new Z oh
you know we're just gonna pour myself
into a cup
oh my god I really G can coke with coke
shirt my God reached a new level a new
level
yeah my nose I'll achieve I was gonna
blog me taking it off that I'm like I
did that on the very first vlog ever
posted and also I was lazy I'm gonna bed
now I'm sorry if the last two days
actually not sorry because my life but
it's not been very exciting vlogs and
public lighting very longer stuff but
tomorrow we're heading to LA so
excitement is back a knife am I'm gonna
go to sleep now okay you shop and look
at things that I wanted to buy but
shouldn't buy ha seeds well if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
I'm really excited when a Kalyan did
such a good job first fan ever to be one
of my skits look at her she's so on
