yo its Home Show today what's up we're
performing for hometown today I'm at an
ocean East I was picking her up after
the show we're doing a really cute
bonfire it's Uncle John's birthday at
12:00 I'm overdoing bonfire so I'll have
all the stuff and an ocean he's supposed
to buy s'mores sticks for marshmallow my
cat make sure they're not small make
sure they're like that make sure they're
like you know the size of my forum
she BOTS more swords basically
ridiculous but yeah we're heading to get
our nails done then we're heading to the
venue gonna be really sick damn like
we're really nervous too I'm like I've
done the show 19 times I'm do you for my
friends and family at home it's like I'm
nervous I'm nervous I stole all of it
which means this is not a sexual
reference but all of our charities so
I'm gonna load in the car right know for
like a little beach bonfire ish
Madigan's today I give the Kondos this
girl's casually into the muck wait oh no
I was telling them how nervous I am
today I'm going straight the car in
front of me - sorry I can't jump over
the car Mario will you talk about
sentiment a moment so I know when I do
their nails and we're going to the same
place we went when we like first became
friends only memory we have becoming
friend like first like you know clicked
like really bonded yeah talked about
first first remember we have a big
friends gig or nails at the same place
and now goes mother effin goals for Ben
yeah sure we're such men getting hurt
and the place is closed okay that's a
wrap on that time I left my keys in the
car and we're locked on the car so now I
know she's dad is gonna come save the
day
yay CAA but I'm a dingus and this is not
a good start
I'm really sad that mom's not here says
you know my mom went to LA and she's
like gonna be the only person
the Toronto show everyone else's parents
and friends are coming and no we're
gonna make it all better
sure yes oh look we made it I'm so late
that was the most stressful period of
our day but ta go Smurfs it's like 45
minutes at 20 then they said five so
they came pretty quickly so much about
me I had a bag of popcorn so we were we
were okay yeah like I'm still like I'll
she'd be there right now and I'm still
40 minutes away we should be there
yesterday yeah so coke is teaming up
with me for today's show I'm really
happy about because I freaking love coke
you know the happiest moments are when
I'm drinking a glass coke
so can we stop using interviews with
them so something really cool I'm
excited
welcome to my Toronto show teaming up
with coca-cola just got to the venue I'm
really excited there's a lot of really
cool things happening every person that
comes to the show gets like a custom
team super cocaine okay
monumental moment look who it is
I'm so happy my heart is full of joy my
heart is full of joy
I'm heading
I'm heading to my interviews I got one
with flair and then I got one with flair
right dad yeah and then I got one with
you talk and I'm very excited let's do
it just the theater by the way mmm
and it's really exciting is it's so
interesting me to know she were just
talking about how we wish there's one
element of the intro we could change but
a stage has never allowed us to do so
and today for the first time this stage
has we're just talking about it so I'll
be able to scrape on stage without
anyone seeing me so it'll look like I
appeared out of nowhere I'm so excited
and sucks also dad is here okay come on
come on how am I the coolest person in
the world right now that's pretty cool
that's pretty cool oh my god it's a coke
movie oke I feel special like machinery
look at you oh my god okay I'm gonna do
this interview stop focused be
professional there we go God look who's
miking me right now he's always making
me it's my job always making me never hi
never a hug not true always making me
you talk all the sound checking video
checking things are going down all the
nerves are happening right now this is a
hometown show is it so excited I want to
root a lot of fun but I'm also like it's
like the weirdest thing it's easier to
perform in front of complete strangers
but harder to perform in front of people
that know you I don't know what it is
like really nervous but I think everyone
is not just me everyone's very are you
nervous dad dad's always nervous okay
where's my changing this way cool I'm
gonna grab my phones one of the hardest
things I've learned on this tour of how
to learn to do things is not listen to
all the conversations that happen around
me for example the one we just hide wear
knickers like I can't get the video to
work in the videos not working properly
I didn't hear any of that because that's
not what I'm doing right now that's not
what I'm doing right now I'm doing oh
look
you guys be are you how's it begun
so I don't know if we've communicated
this to you before but Simone looks like
a totally different person with her hair
out like this is the same person from
before also we should know that I'm in
love with someone I you've heard it in
many vlogs Wendy which is not there
chase you're interrupting our
sentimental moment I love a song I think
she has a great presence and a great
energy and today was a testament to that
cuz something happened that should have
made me mad and I didn't get mad simply
because Simone wasn't exactly I was like
it's okay so I got mad yeah she got mad
and said it's good on your behalf I like
she's a great person
freakin love her
just finished my hometown show and it
was so special
it was the honestly can't believe this
is my life I mean looking at this that's
the same event you know like Rihanna has
performed in there like so many other
notable people I'm just like I just
performed here as well it makes no sense
like how was this my life I don't
we'll talk later I'm going to go to my
meeting Grier right now my unicorn
Wednesday hey Dad you like the show
excellent Shirley don't crying shows but
this was something else
thanks dad I pay you later do you guys
put together especially you all the work
it's like 250 people I got a meeting
rewrite also a smile on her and of
course the hall pass to go with me so
they're all gonna be ingrid as a
everyone's gonna get so we're having a
bonfire by the water this is the
situation a bonfire on the field on the
field let us explain to you what's about
to happen I'm going glass hit the fires
burning my eyes and that day was about
to happen here
Gianna well a recent recess buttercup's
casinos up we got graham crackers
marshmallows
we're gonna make s'mores right now if
you know where that's from comment below
though look at this all down my face
because the fire was opened my eyes and
I started crying I'm so tired
I'm gonna collapse with my face and
clothes like this and I was really bad
I'm so tired today was magical
and even the bonfire thing we did after
it was just was perfect he was perfect
today was legitimately perfect oh my god
how it's my life I don't know I didn't
know to say I don't know thank you so
much for giving me this life I feel so
blessed and so grateful we're not
performing feeling another like two
weeks now I'll teach you about
everything that's happening for the rest
of the day's tomorrow we'll go pass out
right now if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe I am so late
I hate traffic I am so late I know this
man small vain
rapping like this I know lollipop
