we woke up to wizardry morning jester
basically those explained to what just
happened okay my I would told you my
vlog that my memory cards were acting
really really weird it's been saying
it's like not been working on a computer
it's been not been working so we've been
testing and doing some stuff and in the
midst of doing that I put yesterday's
vlog footage in the camera and it all
got deleted which is not a pleasant
thing literally The Situation's haven't
made no sense like my first memory card
stopped working so he borrowed humbles
memory card I put that memory card in my
camcorder that also stopped working as
if it was some sort of contagious
disease then we took it out and neither
of them would work on our laptops
there's no other explanation besides in
surgery yeah it makes no sense how one
would affect the other no sense is the
release of one member guard sneezed on
the other pretty good sick guys that's
what happened but my vlog commissioner
got deleted which is my whole Buckingham
Palace experience all of its Big Ben
like really upset about this I actually
really liked yesterday's log I had like
a really really good Real Talk moment
with you but I was being super honest
maybe throughout the day today oh say it
all again but you don't feel that way
anymore so it's hard to sing it okay I
just spent two hours and a hundred
dollars trying to recover the data in my
card it's not happening it's gone
forever Lily you are officially coming
to terms with this in three two one son
today showed a cinema great let's
officially start getting ready
positivity will prevail bill so I'll
wait to make myself feel better as my
main channel video making today I'm
restating a lot of things aside of my
vlogs it's kind of like a not really
comedic but like one of my real talk
videos let me show you my current living
situation though real quick now that the
first 100 minutes on my vlog or how
about me being sad this how small my
room is right now Emma ungrateful bomb
to showing you the situation I walk this
is the space I got to walk in right now
so I'm just like
again you play when your kids when
you're jumping over like lava and stuff
that's my room right now I'm gonna use
this as a trap the suitcase came out of
nowhere I'm going to use this as my
tripod record a quick video and it's
about something I'm really passionate
about learned a lot of things on my
world tour this is one of them
it is about self a doubt about what is
English
it's about selfies check it out main
channel link right there check it out
and description yo
this new shirt it's go time is
performance day everybody hype everybody
on a hype ting oh yeah no more hype ting
yeah I'm on a hype chick back see people
I feel so cool look at this
so all the validation is happening right
now
I mean it is just take to figure out how
to use this body chain that I'm trying
to wear to - idiots - idiots accounting
so confusing
I'm trying to win the body shame video
would you chose fifty or sixty I think
it's 16
I think it's Joe 16 the first time I
live in win crop-top so I guess I'm
stuck in my stomach for next hour um
that's because all my room was a
disaster and these are in new clothes I
found in a war always I'll be right in
all right let's go say hi
oh snap what's your name Menka exception
everyone that down my day we're all
shiny but my ear and she's so dope at it
a hey feel so good I've learned that the
trick is combing my hair also we've
established at this tutors haunted jazz
wisest theater haunt again he fell
through the roof of the dome roof here
and he fell through they died - now he
died in the theater yeah it's not he
roams the the first floor no Charlie
Chaplin before he roams the first floor
floor is this my house is for to I then
we good a bigger and better things to be
doing right just with you well I'm hung
sure yeah we're back we're back
yeah we have no cameras no there's a
camera then and today our special guest
is upcoming you to the ly ly oh I see
this is a takeover once again ladies
getting ready she's in a little zone
right now just shot me I'm gonna get
back so we have a special guest here her
name is Janine does and jazz absolutely
Jeff personal assistant yeah yeah yes
and what type of duties the really do
for you well you know she had comas my
hair um she pipes my butt why do you
watch stars and she makes me do jazz
keep this I don't every time I found on
the blog Lily goes jazz delete that
she's gonna do it we're going to go
support I'm in London
Tikku
so the show's over and I'm inside for
the first time from the audience
perspective and what is your official
review 2.4 you were amazing thousand oh
you uh I thought I was also amazing my
way excuse me
I scream people hijacking my vlog look
who it is
so that and all handsome to see work
ladies I mean how handsome was the color
no it's your face that's what it is then
you got me a sweet get humble words
nemesis his gift
nemesis ease where's it been oh hell
yeah
nemesis ease gift so good well oh look
at this custom-made travel pillow on the
Maggie Farah on her neck no eye makeup
on Magnifico
it says teamwork makes the dream work so
epic so mean good what is your shirt say
you know wow you're getting all the
points right now all of the points are
going to you thank you so much and other
friends are here to look at these other
friends but it's guy until he tried to
look cool did you see that in the past
year she's my baby my book she smashed
it thank you
they came to support and all these
people people came to support as well
all these people came to support you
guys
Lilly always thinks that I'm just
winding up and I never say anything one
football this and honesty the show was
the show was amazing amazing I genuinely
honestly Meena I'm not saying fish
Minami I'm saying because it was
freaking incredible it's hard though
it's emotional it's really so funny so
so cheery you want dogs wanna have a
good time is everything so yeah it's
really hard to do this anyway um I don't
know if I want to get chance to save him
the blog again so I'm gonna say now if
you like it subscribe we have this
person in a lot why don't we go get
together I guess I'm social psych yes
I'll show today what's your name - your
name and everything
Marni do you make you make you make
videos on the internet
well you YouTube was it you one of us
has to so that's it you're famous on the
internet I heard my famous and the
internet is not real but I mean you're
not really famous you know it's not real
this beard this beauty so how does it
feel being a guest I heard you sold out
London today but it's a bigger deal that
you're under Incan hump show now dude
you were amazing tonight
eyebrows I was in tonight I want
especially hold holding up my end since
somebody else was kind of lacking here
take a picture over this vlog happening
right now I'm going today man Alpana get
out of it how does it feel to be fairly
clean pretensions like a handsome boys
smell Oh gross
so wheeze all appear in McDonald's
polls show can you can you like a dream
oh my god eating a burger what's going
on over here to Britt right now
everybody the night right now he's the
majority to be honest is ie are you
filming your magnum right sorry are you
guys filming a Magda
filming a McDonald yeah yes yeah are you
actually doing that we are yes we are
and much of fun who is that night you
know I think point is to film this
because this is part of my life yeah how
are you what you know oh my god the
migraine I have right now is too real
it's too real I just finished editing my
video Jaz gonna post it I'm going to bed
because if you're puking right now my
head hurt so much thanks for joining me
on another day we had a great show in
London we are heading to Manchester
tomorrow you're heading to Manchester
tomorrow uh and we continue our journey
chill of Eli Lilly Singh tour.com in
case you want to get to my show oh my
god I need to puke though if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it thumbs come on under spend
time together all they say is get
healthy and I hold up wait a minute I
get it selfies are cool I take selfies
all the time look at this light right
now as soon as I'm done recording on my
chicken selfie right here
