good morning for black man look who has
returned I told you Andrew and Casper's
here - he's inside right now we were
going to go I have a comics called for
one PowerPoint book but for something
very exciting um but that I mean it have
a lot of time right now so we're going
to just want spontaneously we heard this
chipotle on Monday in London so we try
to find one we're gonna make a go to a
mall we're gonna go to prime work
obviously mandatory tourist things um
which is boring and being spontaneous
and I'm a conference call and then
tonight I think we're gonna meet up with
Eman and we're going to go to dinner and
a movie and having me so many things and
look how cute I look most importantly
also I need to buy a memory card prove
it prove it he's an Oxford Circus right
now very crowded shopping area bad buses
we're going to find mark well you know I
tried got a you know in London from
stylish so I gotta like keep up time we
don't know I'm behind you I'll make blue
meth don't believe dad what's up the
Friendly Ghost
so when in London what would the three
of us do look for a Chipotle shun to toe
a pair leadership all in London it's
right in front of us called Sean to love
me to toe to toe we have been deprived -
what was that kind of going on a long
time ago so we're really hoping this
London Chipotle holds it down right oh
my god it's right there
I feel like this is a drug for me I mean
like sniff the Chipotle like stuff free
doesn't mean it's large the greatest if
there have some Fritos I'm gonna jump on
a plane and leave right now I'm gonna
leave right now if they don't have
alright here we go
please be everything I want you to be
and more
exam papers have a brooder big turn-off
Sabrina
I feel like I need to go home right now
bye everyone I'm going home I'm going to
investigate further
excuse me sorry
give me the biggest disappointment of my
life of my life you go useful functions
well she also told me to stop recording
in Chipotle with my phone
what are those things time is about
memes so sad
what are your thoughts on this can't
even speak of this
yeah
yep we're heading back to hotel Nakamura
Cole
crazy her crazy whore crazy look who it
is
finally you all can stop bothering me
about this oh my god
oh yeah instantly put on a cool face
good yeah is this how you vlog now
well no after my memory card so I need
to get another one for mumble what is it
I don't like this one cuz the other ones
back because I didn't under camera then
there you have it the first words
I'm very inquisitive there it is worst
go crazy horror actually really like my
like this um summer Nando's right now uh
eaten some never good vegetarian thing
it's called a portobello mushroom and
Hulu me wrap I really like it then we're
gonna watch San Andreas tonight which
I'm really excited about that support
Dwayne Gosport doing you know what's up
so hopefully meet up with the rest of
dancer I think they're offering their
own thing today so London won't all good
yeah yeah the struggles of long with my
phone is that my phone always guys so
it's several several hours later
everyone has left I'm alone in my room
right now watch San Andreas and it was
freaking amazing too much pride for
doing too much pride I freaking love him
he did so well something those like oh
my god like I have this thing where I
like I it's not really book I care for
him as a person so even in movies
meeting a character and the characters
experiencing pain like I have a hard
time watching it cuz I'm like I got what
I go I just like someone I really care
for going to pay and I gotta do it um
yeah it's really good I we liked it I'm
uh still got the craniofacial cute today
we didn't get um I am going to take a
shower jump in bed watch some Game of
Thrones
it is like 12:30 or something well
that's what I'm gonna do Sunday for lack
of vlogging humbles gonna give me his
memory card so I can get back to my
vlogging camera tomorrow um yeah that's
pretty much it
what else why did I tell you oh my god
so we did the calculations and I'm
announcing another city very soon we've
done
Steen shows and we have 15 confirmed
shows left we're at the halfway mark of
my tour I can't I can't
that is making me so emotional at the
half of mark and in a week and went home
for the Toronto show and then I'm
leaving again a few days later but I'm
gonna see my mom
any see my nephews it's gonna be really
odd being home though like not having to
catch a flight big home for like three
four days and we're really weird really
really weird but yeah and then the vlog
here I'm sorry feels a short one but
thank you for joining me another
adventure our adventure thanks for
taking it with me and we have another
day in London 12 so that's what's up if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe and I
asked you guys what was he like you'll
never know
