they're doing it some machine we are
leaving Manchester and we're heading to
Birmingham we're gonna go to Birmingham
and go straight to the venue it's where
our chickens the hotel we're all looking
like crap
straight to the venue so ever after
completely get ready to vetting today
which is a little bit different
it's gonna be a little bit chaotic but
yo this is our last show like overseas
and then all of our shows are in North
America I am feeling all type of ways
right now we're going home after the
show
Oh Mike for breakfast welcome to
Birmingham what's the theatre called Oh
- OH - you're Birmingham ok the curtains
are closing on me it's pretty much sold
out oh it looks like a wedding
yo so we have so much time to spare the
Wi-Fi doesn't work in the venue the
testing music Wi-Fi doesn't work in the
venue so I'm trying to like hit up a
prime mark to spend more money and buy
more things and that's what I need but I
mean okay Peters coming in big and
strong just about this one last show
next few days have to get rid of Peter
yeah so we're gonna go find a Primark
bit the medical humble yeah my my a nice
chicken this is happening right now no
speech with the Primark I bought a
jacket and I bought shirts and humble
came with me
and he was such a good sport home was a
great shop with you actually has to
valid opinions about things I appreciate
that I like telling you my opinions if
you're shopping or something like oh and
they don't listen to you then you just
feel like you're quoting her I usually
listen to you sometimes I know yeah it
was very in-depth Mission Impossible we
have this thing where we have like we
making a game I think so it'll be like
oh okay the mission is to get to that
mirror and they're just like dude do it
without getting a constant by selfie
hungry yeah some my fans waiting outside
that is Krispy Kreme Doughnuts thank you
thanks so much current mood
today's show 19 yesterday was a teen dad
lied to us we said 17 it is 90 Father's
Day but it's show 19 my outfit whole
thing going on
he's much go to one week with the last
overseas meeting great oh my god a
funeral feels I'm feeling all feels
so mom I'm damn at the meeting great I'm
awesome you said I was awesome she said
it before she's not saying that we've
said it before this admitted this he
made it
do you watch my videos yeah I do David
Guetta
when I get a video
so I don't know if you know this but I'm
gonna tell you right now just Aggies
don't know I have a son and I love my
son this is my son everyone
I miss Toby you've met her before is my
son Toby he's my pride and joy this one
he's come to support my minor show here
in Berea I'm how you do it good thing
you get is so talented if you've never
seen the stuff I'll put the link in
description to his YouTube but nominal
remember 30 days cuz this is my son
yo here's today's candy haul a lots of
cool things that's these customized
chocolates again about the very pretty
cupcakes right here thank you all so
much while your give something so
special I'll put this all home to me tea
you like my new jacket they're my new
jacket I bought you like my new jacket
is my new jacket ready jacket it's my
new check with me she has one in beige
but whatever whatever her little sisters
are so annoying get out of here
we took it a step further got your party
stuff written for that got your gift
that you can share with Uncle John
Carson yeah
so oh yeah I gifted a pack of Indies so
getting them is everyone or giving
everyone bin these Thank You Jo about us
within these everyone so we're at mr.
sting even though they're close they
decide to open mr. Singh's is invited us
sunny and Shay's friends have invited us
to have a private dining experience mr.
stings I'm very happy about that I know
we're studies study somewhere in here as
well yeah the whole of the United
Kingdom telling
it's also vegetarian I know still
packing
I finished packing a shine away
probation we actually have you
downstairs in the lobby in like an hour
and a half so the crews really knows
things yet how much is an app for an
hour then I'll continue wait wait a in
the vlog
I guess I'll end the vlog now huh regna
we're going home
oh my god with whom everyone so like
confused on what to feel I have no idea
what feel we're going home we're gonna
leave shortly we're stopping over in
Dublin first W mm first and yeah we're
halfway down the tour even more than
halfway done
sure but the real listening tour calm
the next shows June 25th in my hometown
of Toronto
if you live in Toronto the GTA troubled
over listening tour calm if you buy your
tickets before June 23rd you get enter
to win a VIP me angry with me
so do that do that do that do that do
that if you liked it subscribe if you
liked it subscribe
ok I'm a loner I get it
but I think what we're forgetting is
that selfies or not memory memories will
always be better than selfies
no of course the selfie can remind us
but if you didn't say anything other
than tell me take a selfie
