my usual war fee early enough to
go to breakfast accomplishment mostly
because I don't have to get ready today
I believe the place morning goodbye you
so pretty
hanging down to breakfast right now then
I got finished one quick thing before we
leave I'm a little bit tired which is
little bit stressful because two shows
one day I do shows one day I keep saying
it
no sure I might leave the room key okay
go I am heading down to cool fist
anytime I wake up early enough for
breakfast
it's an accomplishment okay and this one
time
everyone sitting over there Tech mean
girls I can't sit with them okay take
the table small chance it again
Jess is sitting there there boy Kida get
up these are my thoughts muttering my
brain I feel like two shells will be
okay I'm not too stressed about it we've
done back-to-back shows can't be that
was different I mean the runs up four
days but still I think you should make a
the only thing is I'm effort we're all
gonna totally reset at the pre-show my
makeup usually destroyed my hair as you
strike soon if like doing all that over
again resetting all the costume setting
up all the props things like that so
you're very easy for something to be
overlooked in that short time span
having said that because two shows are
subtly great so show me in greeting
greet show super super cool by the way
one of the shakes the shake of Sharjah
which is one of the emirates he's coming
to my show or part of his family part of
the royal family is coming to my show
that's exciting
bad I stole a few croissants and I'm
English muffin and jam and a knife from
the place to give to notion I stole from
the book thing because you know writing
behalf of my chicks oh my god I'm really
tired and delusional Hey look what I got
for note this is what I got the Russians
I came back with hey hey and I remember
the knife so at the venue the music hall
on the palm islands very excited of
course when you're on the palm islands
they don't look like the palm islands
but it's still very exciting it's still
very excited very pretty
yeah pretty whoo right by the water set
off okay this is really pretty and this
is the only venue where I think there's
tables it's not theatre style so oh yeah
hey wait there's no tables I'm actively
makes one all that makes me from stain
remover ha ha ha you better have the
Buddhist ha ha she did
how excited is that one to perform ago
very excited okay Tom wasn't sure y'all
like booth killing again cut my hair off
fris√©e the cleavage too much that's
what's up
okay the braid up is bad male Unicorn is
bad right now look at this cake and
someone got me this
how are dormant thank you so much I made
the whole thing not able to perform on
me the whole thing so much so time our
digs are moving way faster you're like
it's like we have less than an hour till
Showtime power nigga muddin I just did
the fast so 20 minutes away from
Showtime the anxiety is high right now
we don't got the tape from a mic it is
just think they're not on point as they
should be and I'm about to have a
control freak attack as I usually do
that situation right now
Hey
yeah
yo what's up just for show and be honest
with your friends perhaps at I mean it
went and went well it was good the
audience loved it great cool there was a
lot of hiccups with the people that work
at this venue that it just I've
discovered I've said it time and time
again I have learned about myself that
everything unicorn and nice about me
gets thrown out the window as soon as
someone apps with my vision
I'm doing a show I am so passionate
about this show this show means a lot to
me the message I'm delivering is very
personal to me it's very deep to me it's
very it's very it's me this shows me
this is my life on a stage and I it just
irks me when people ask them but when
people afford it that's all I sell it is
a lot of things happened today we're
talking about one thing particular cuz
normally always honest with you and I
love you I have an inspirational segment
in my show I'm literally telling you the
deepest darkest things that happened in
my life it's very sentimental to me it's
very close to me today a fan who ran up
on the stage during this during me
literally pouring my heart out despite
security everything ran up on stage came
right beside me and took a selfie like
literally interrupted the whole show and
took a selfie and whether you're that
person watching this or if you're at the
show whatever I'm not pissed I'm hurt
because I am on stage pouring my heart
out this one runs on to take a selfie
with me is the cost of my show and the
message of my show really worth a selfie
I have a meet-and-greet after and before
the show I'm a little hurt at that I'm
not gonna lie not mad I'm a little hurt
at that that I'm gonna go to my meeting
right now but so wanted to communicate
that
look what someone got me cinnamon buns
so happy i'ma tell you any of other
bands except the ones we lost no I don't
gonna be like I'm down here some things
like well then what thank you right so
the two team just sent me 480 roses to
media pads overwhelming thank you
480 roses show - let's go let's go it's
gonna be good
no matter what happened show - is go
time let's do it
what I wanted to go super
yo just got home rush situations got
ready this is what I'm wearing
he's away physically append I'm heading
to some club called white and we're
really really freaking late so Diego
left his flight was after the show up so
right before the show ended and then I
ran backstage finale and everyone's a
Dago misses my jiggle mrs. sly basically
Diego's flight was yesterday not today
and he came back okay it wasn't my fault
he came back as a sign Diggle I think
hundreds of future yeah
good numbers I think it's a sign that I
should give me massages all of these
cars those oh wow there's a yellow one I
wanted a green one
I think we're going up there yeah yeah
yeah that's only crap that's awesome so
waiting to get into white being very
difficult and Irish and the concepts
basically gross come over the wall put
chase has the sleeves rolled up and I
told him to unroll the really I
understand why they don't want Jesus
sleeves rolled up high because they
don't like they don't want to see guns
in the club okay this is a safe
environment chase got gun put the guns
away to schools only come on
no real talk I don't get the logic at
all I don't understand the logic at all
I really my where's my seat I actually
which keys wincroft olive why wise I'm
sure you understand telephone said keep
it pops off all keys very popular yeah
they're tell me yeah that's very reason
all right so we're not going to wait any
more because they were all know one of
our friends and so that's what's best
situation but okay because we're ride or
die Oh a ride-or-die boo-boo
I'd rather be with you anyways it's okay
well it chill together alright so we
started walking away and they came and
said you want a ruble figure something
else today we were told we're gonna go
up basically were figuring out why not
right now for an illusion we're leaving
chase boat one of its gun is like yo I
was getting man no no no mama stop
Hollywood come up and we're all counting
to 300 seconds actually okay only god
it's not
Oh
damn screaming out money today
they don't have no more minute yo what's
up just got back home that club was
crazy like legit I just wash my makeup
but it's all smudged everywhere eyes not
even off properly why me i'ma go to bed
thanks for joining me another day
tomorrow we go to the desert if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
