good morning today we go into the desert
yo check it out I find from my nose ring
back in oh my god cuz I was like y'all
have to put my nose ring back in because
this H bone closed and we get all
pierced again and I got a few days break
so and I found it owes me so that's
what's up I got my desert swags ready to
go I'm a little bit concerned I think
will be really hot and I like I like hot
but I mean it's gonna be real real hot
anyways I'm running late we are heading
out let's go Sosa - really really sweet
sister made the cupcakes look Kim made
fun of me I'm so excited
tada sister it is so hot outside we
stopped for two seconds to buy a scarves
and I want small different things we
gotta wear shoes with socks Express and
it's really really hot so stop where's
the person the heat if I'm things huh
the heat is too real I'm actually
concerned right now
although jazz is slowly about going to
go dune buggying the dune buggying do
bashing do bashing sorry doing bashing
it's basically where we saw in this car
and he's gonna drive really crazy over
the hills and wreck that's what's gonna
happen right now
I'm oh there Dave and I take a selfie
for like 20 minutes now Hey take another
one mmm let's do this whoo good I'm
about to kiss you live a little
live a little hello's guy what am i
doing haha we talking like that
pineapple I know I'm really just using
this one moment of stillness but the
second I put like press oh my god oh my
god I think that's where I want to be
when I grow up okay okay
never
musically in the desert and the middle
of desert hater done hot desert and hot
not hotter than my booty though eautiful
true true we go yo it was a TVA right
now that's what we don't fall off I
don't even know how to use this thing
we're gonna figure it out right now
whoo my time to blog and do this
probably not a good idea but let's do it
it's hard to vlog and do it at the same
time how you done my hands like violate
me TV is turned off I'm quite
disappointed I went into being last time
they were like big huge doing the big
things like kiddie cards with this
camera rides have a girl dilemma I want
to do this because you know animal
rights and stuff and I love animals I
really love animals so that they want to
do it but they're all this man's gonna
said that's the look though okay tell
everyone that King Joffrey's dead tell
them King Joffrey's dead go that may or
may not happen in the show Arabic coke
cure it's like open again
wait
nothing dollars
No
yo just got home from the desert um and
who's the 14th so how much time to ask
supermel I'm not gonna shower do
anything yet who's gonna do it
Alma's gonna join me in a little bit
that's what's up and then I'll shower
unpacking we're leaving 5 a.m. in the
morning heading to the u.k that's right
triple w elegant or calm London you sold
out but Birmingham a mind chest stop we
come a follow you
hmm live streams at work and periods are
itchy laughs you didn't work I'm sorry I
tried everything the Wi-Fi here is just
not good enough I'm gonna go to sleep
for 3 hours we gotta head to the airport
where my dancers at 5:00 a.m. and then
we're heading to the UK oh my god map to
the UK I'm going home on my home show
before I start in America oh my god
things going so quickly wild crazy
rollercoaster I'm so glad you're on it
with me i'ma get some rest I will see
you tomorrow we went to the desert day
if you liked it subscribe subscribe
Wow if you liked it subscribe if you
liked it subscribe if you liked it
subscribe yeah
alright so we're not going to wait
anymore because they were all not one of
our friends and so that's what's best
situation but okay because my
ride-or-die
