we get an Arab man a
good morning Dubai we are in you today
I'm having to interview I believe the
Virgin Radio um I got excited touristy
things planned let's not get up my shirt
says I'll take the cheesy fries chase
bottle for me I mean come on pretty
perfect
check out the sick elevator oh snap oh
good yeah I'm so late already
I spoke as' all right here we go do bike
day one leg yeah we're here the version
studios and what I've discovered is
everybody in the by his body and it's
really hot really hot boy strategically
for the next time I go inside and also
Pablo's here okay so how does it feel
being run by so many pebbles by blue oh
it just feels great as it bring out your
inner Pablo's yeah yeah Reef is whether
honestly one should help Pablo as well
as who sixty Puebla no 6ey blows right
yeah can I say about 60 61 pebbles
everyone's going crazy like it's a very
devising for everything
III don't know if you've had a VIN he's
called the rock or whatever Oh Oh i-i've
heard of him I've heard of him you know
once or twice he might have kissed me on
the cheek once or twice all over
whatever what was it like when you met
him oh he gonna need more water can't
get my water France or story right now
ya know honestly if anyone were to ask
me number one thing on my bucket list of
life literally of life would be meeting
the rock so actually to meet him and for
him to be so wonderful was so nice to
see because you know people would say
you don't want to meet your role model
just in case they're not what you
expected to be he is everything and more
I love hearing that everything in more
before my tour he texted me such a long
text but your number I mean I mean I
have I had to throw that in there but
we are about to head to a si-wing plane
adventure right now where I got to pick
eight other people to come with me
offices more later so I got all the
dancers drove you get to go so that's
what's going on West where we're headed
right now yes I'm sorry but first french
fries I love how you knew I wanted
you're just waiting for like you say a
word where your mouth open and then
humble Phil's shadow to the fans I got
me this one I mean which thank you so
much I love it I actually love it so
much thank you and then you like the
teeth you have another body
complimentary like anytime so thank you
well our list for it look with si-wing
seaplane tours and we're all so excited
it's really hot and I said like I'm
gonna get an interesting character feet
right there that's what's up we're on
this car you guys not excited for the
same thing unfortunately Diego jazz and
set off can't come with us they said
it's because they smelled too much and
it would have distracted the pilot but
you guys are gonna be have so much fun
down here oh my god here Oh true Jasmine
gonna beer true truth I'm exciting oh
okay it's a seaplane so takes off and
lands on water on how to swim haha all
right is this a seaplane we're going on
right now oh my god all the excitement
is happening right now so I get to be
copilot on the flight I can pilot on
stage and copilot on this plane I feel
like I that's enough training isn't it
no it is Golf Course
yeah we got oh my god we got the garbage
captain
coupons yeah oh man this is gonna be
dope
how did here you pack up huh I'll get
back up oh let me be your co-pilot I can
be your copilot this is an actual pilot
he's Canadian he's awesome haha right
Anisha that's right
you know what's up now we are about to
take flight
prepare for takeoff
this time I can say that it means and be
number real
we go
the shape of a palm tree
I realized too soon
so the why is working on man-made
islands
and we make the world
marry for this
tallest
that was awesome little motion sickness
we all made it probably make it call it
and make it keep on the plane but my
genes are not part of my body so all
these people up in you're planning a
skydiving and they're calling me to go
and I feel like I'm gonna die if you're
just thinking about it not today gonna
go tomorrow maybe I feel like I'll die
of fear that I'll be terrified
welcome to multi everywhere everybody's
ballin and there's mad nice cars
everywhere we just came from a bus I
have just received monumental news
monumental news
they have Chipotle in Dubai I think you
don't wait to tell Jasmine humbles and
people oh why am i crying how cool is
this is a giant Monopoly board that's so
cool you people actually play
I want to buy two so multi Emirates has
a skewers or inside of a girl Ski Dubai
so sick
and apparently this is the smaller Bowl
and it's just like is bowling there's
that go play playboy on here
I'm gonna have to move to be white okay
all coming back to me last time wasn't
the buy I went on this ride I remember I
definitely learned it no I definitely
went on it so that kids next to us is
dared us to drink this drink a red sauce
they put together
I said I would do it hello
Jase
so eating at TGIF's and they have the
world's worst service right now Mickey
didn't get in school and we all finish
eating so we're not happy right now but
we finish eating Jace is still eating to
talk to me I can't believe it you know
um we're gonna go look for some desert
now and they're gonna shop a little bit
and this is Pueblo oh hey
oh my stomach is full of flab lows kind
of our crispy Pablo freezer this one
will be real
yeah a little drizzle of Pablo love it
so we're so late we bought everything
humble had one job it was to hold this
bag so what happened was this crazy guy
was like nothing all day the bag
represent the faith and he was fine he
had a white job yet wine job it was to
do what I'm doing right now and he could
go so he's going out again today just
some lounge place I'm at a constant
battle between like pleasure and work
obviously it I know my work ethic is one
of my stronger points but I've been
hosted bidding like weekend happens
Thursday and it should be making video
but I'm sad to go out and I'm like
feeling bad about it are
I worked so hard on this tour and really
want to enjoy and I don't want to be
missing all the fun when everyone goes
out but I really really really like eats
away at my brain where I don't post a
video so plan is to go come home not too
late and make a video that is the plan
that is what I'm sticking to that's what
also happened also wearing this really
cool thing
so
so cute Dubai is so pretty this is a
little little area we got here today we
came here before for our honeymoon I'm
real tough what is going on really
really really pretty I'm done with the
previous oh my god even down there
gorgeous how beautiful is the staircase
and this whole place and everything in
the French we had understand how bomb
diet
what up it is what is the time is 4:20 1
a.m. and I did exactly what I said I was
going to post a video comb my hair wash
my hair 30 more minutes to my video
uploads and it is only 8:30 p.m. on a
Thursday in North America so hey if you
want to put that new videos called types
of yawns it's really silly link is in
the description for my main channel
another city just got confirmed for 82
dy but I can't tell you what it is yeah
you sub stay tuned um yeah Dubai grab
your tickets for Saturday's show there
sell some tickets left Manchester
Birmingham North America Tupelo bialys
intercom grab your tickets tomorrow we
are going to do a bunch of stuff
good bye bye is amazing so that's what
we're doing thank you so much for
joining me on another day and we're
having such a good match I'm having such
a good time with you I hope you have a
good time with me and tomorrow we'll
spend another day together
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe to drinks for ladies we break
it again some food glass versa
mad about this
