we live in Perth we're leaving so tired
for reasons like three it's not even
like five or something I'm sorry to get
started can me me big me me me me me me
me
we're flying many many hours first we're
going five hours Singapore three-hour
layover and then seven hours to device
so it's a long journey but we're on our
way and I only packed one sweater that's
why we're the same thing every day
popped horribly for a world tour thanks
for Canada what flight is delayed he's
sitting here waiting for a flight and
nothing's happening I'm so Restless
everyone's tired me you can't yeah I'm
done Miguel maybe I'll fall asleep we
just want to get on this plane and sleep
right now sixteen hours of travel so
starting with the delay is not pleasant
and now planning and with me knows how
this thing will retire we lose our mind
I've lost it Karla she's drugged
triangular space aggravating laughing
crying nothing sir before MOF what okay
please okay are you boarding the plane
oh the party change oh it's the parties
hopefully I get my boy humble upon us
look at me I'm humbled or I live at
Hogwarts give me with cannibals a poet
no no
you know why are we in jazz I was
matching we both have one sweater this
cutter is not comfy that mad comfy
though this is girl over there she looks
so pretty and happy looks like bath how
pretty she is
it's in what I do it's just something
there's us and I'm like I gotta wait for
the walk back cuz you know when shake
that booty go check that out
she won't shake that booty excited but
like I'm excited about the vice so I'm
gonna do my man hanging I ain't sorry
this whole long disapper weird cuz we're
we're this up yet so I got like a wing
that means we'll have the less least
amount of turbulence
great now she should be a public she's
okay so we move seats because there's
this whole role but we're gonna sleep
I'm so excited
the plane three empty so we're gonna do
some cross leg action here that way kids
worth it landed in Singapore we cept the
hallway I was in cept the whole entire
way and I'm happy because I have a lot
of Singapore money left over there I'm
gonna buy food booties this is me that
guy over there
he grabbed my pillow grab a suitcase it
doesn't kill me - I'm the bane of
everyone's existence because everyone's
suitcase is function except for mine we
have named it three-legged pinky my
suitcase two or three men suitcase I
brush up as I touch before I'm such a
good friend riches with me so I can use
his like I still everyone down and I'm
like dragging my suitcases because it
was like disabled population but like
that's literally my life right now
ocean but isn't Maddie no Ike is he
didn't give foodies save his vlogs and
very fun so what we're doing today we're
traveling but I'm so excited to get to
the bite I've been to the buy once
before as Lily not superwoman at the
gorgeous chase and I went together
before 9 News first time ran was
unimpressed right now but I will be very
excited soon because I've been waiting
to go there just doesn't lady at
mixology very much Eric nope
sing apologize nothing vegetarian the
McDonald's Singapore why haenyeo an
infested why are you dating so far every
country's at something vegetarian nests
a lady's lying to us I'm just sad now no
spicy veggie wrap nothing like the tofu
wrap a crispier
/ widget areas where but we're boarding
outside to the buys I'm excited we go to
the Arab my name we are killing the game
right now
look at us killing the killing like
healing the airplane cheating game
lighten up for a billion a billion right
now this crab no sing in front of us oh
hey such a pueblo he's such a so now we
officially decided once I say Pablo just
know it's forever in the books his last
name is Pueblo and we decided that
Pueblo is now a word that means anything
you want to mean for example let's have
a conversation
we got stopped in to Pueblo maybe I just
can't help it feel like such a problem
oh my god this plane is so Pablo hey did
you see that Pueblo they call me little
bad blow dating the best Pablo ever had
get excited we're gonna break the
airport Oh see what happens first we
gotta have a powwow guy looks like
people are waiting for us huh mister
she's like my people called final
control of all my people will we will
hug all five people never mind never
mind
I don't want my love thank you so much
that I'm so sad to be here I'm so
excited to see skittles in every country
look different look at this the two was
little Australia had a bucket those
skittles so awesome each me a collection
of seals middle of Dubai we should tell
the craziest thing we're all so excited
what do we see I don't even drink coffee
but I'm so excited though welcome to our
home for the next couple of days this is
situation we got a family room over her
got a view right there we got a work
area over there you got a bathroom over
there we can't so get this I'm in the
washroom pooping and oh she's like I can
see you basically she's imitating but
this current does nothing she's like
babe I can see you
hi hi what the hell is going on anyway
this is our bed he says now we have to
let people know when we're pooping never
leave the room um right here this is a
difficult situation it is but the most
important thing is this ladies night at
the bar which means ladies get six free
drinks I could only handle three so and
I can unpack all of my things since we
have like four or five days and I'm
gonna pack all of my stuff and I'm so
anxiety you just landed so what are we
doing we decided we're gonna take
advantage of these six free drinks for
ladies lubricant and get some boobs last
listen about this
Oh
Oh
yeah wheeze back home oh I'm so tired
even though I slept so much as a plane
it's like in like an interrupted sleep
not a fully rested sleep so you're going
to bed now tomorrow we could pretty
early have an interview with a Virgin
Radio here in Dubai and then we're doing
a bunch of tourist stuff which I love
because the promoters have been kind
enough to arrange some touristy stuff
for us so I'm excited about that
but I'm even more excited about sleeping
on this bed ah I am so excited to be in
the bye I love it so much had a great
first day here it's such an amazing
place
truly truly so amazing so yeah I will
see you tomorrow and I can't wait by the
way my first divine show is sold out
obviously but I did release a second one
in case you don't know it is like 50%
sold out I'm sure it will sell out as
well triple double using tour comm is
happening on June 13th at 1 o'clock p.m.
so I'm having two shows in one day grab
your tickets now the link is in the
description do it to a Toto do it if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you're like it subscribe
you
