hello morning Brisbane I'm headed to my
interview ochita to you ya know
everybody who's interviews with but I'm
wearing my leather and wearing my brand
new kicks wheat or adidas you know
what's up humble the poet shirt which
are available all my shows as well um
yet so gonna do it interview and go I'm
angry and I'm a Brisbane showing it's an
exciting day look how beautiful it is my
rooms a mess is officially we pack
everything today and there's dad hey you
heard it here first hey from jazz I'm
tired today and I think it's because
this morning our hotel had a alarm test
I like what time was it I feel like it
was like 7:00 a.m. but probably wasn't
but it was so loud and it woke me up and
like it just right in the middle my deep
sleep woke me up so that's why I'm
blaming that alarm for me being tired
today it might just be that I'm tired
and I stayed up watching movies when I
should have been but you know I'm gonna
blame it on the alarm I feel like
everything in Brisbane's on pill I
should have oh I'm always walking uphill
Daniels I can this is Diego
here we okay you say so Diego
oh just finished my interview more than
anything I'm very happy with the
pictures I took in the studio ha ha ha
it was fine it's cute they give me a
really cool intro with like a mash-up of
my videos and stuff it was fun I liked
it it was a little awkward because there
was no one in the room with me so it's
just me and I was basically they were in
Melbourne and they were live feeding but
I couldn't look at them because the
angle for my camera was up here so I had
to ignore their faces and look into the
camera and not look now at them and act
like I didn't know how they looked or
what they were ok it's just awkward like
it's like I'm talking to you but I'm
like then it was a little bit
challenging but it was fun and I think
it held it down most importantly my
shoes that's all I think they just
didn't be a theme of my life ignore
everything else about me just look at my
shoes I think I should always have nice
shoes just ignore everything else about
me just make sure I should design my own
shoes oh my god I'm gonna design my own
shoes you heard it here first so we're
in the Lilly Singh quick change and
chill zone and chill zone don't get it
twisted it's not just quick changes also
the chill zone this is my dressing room
for today this is home for today yeah
the humble what up t-shirt reference
that's right I almost would do a meeting
we would the show is this what number
usually Dave tells me 11 is the 11th
show yeah in case you don't know I'm
your cat a live stream my stuff now
Susie over here does it so if you want
to check that out on meerkat obviously
right now it's too late but for my
future memories check me on meerkat
because Suffolk is live stream also
gonna be snapchatting way way more so
check me out on both of those things I'm
gonna do my meeting great now because
John's looking at me like I may be like
Oh
alright let's go talk to some people
hey guys on the blog okay let's talk
about our youngsters and girls I'm so
excited what is your favorite throwing
video um how girls get ready cuz that's
the best one I was excited for the show
all of them which is great I guess it's
time for the show just what's your name
we're done I'm a degree oh that's so
many cool cool cool gifts as always
you're all so wonderful just reminder
this one is actually really good yes I
got a union rule show the uniboob it's a
kangaroo with a unicorn horn I can't
take big gifts with me so if you do want
to bring me Iverson to the best gift you
can give me as yourself but if you do I
bring some things remember to keep it
small because I'm a rule torn I can't
take this stuff home but um somebody got
me a popcorn - somebody got me mac and
cheese I was like you guys know me so
well start now you guys you all know me
so well the ball was my mind actually
well I can't wait to tell Nana about
this mac and cheese popcorn situation
right now she can be so happy
what does that venue the cool venue I
like it someone remind meet and greet
got me popcorn and magazine
the real-time I'm pretty sure the
real-time it's going down tonight
that's what's up a little believe that
we got bottle service true not true
someone's like how much did humble pay
you wear the shirt unless he paid with
friendship so unicorn - never tried
Vegemite as you will call from my
smoothie challenge with Hannah I know a
Vegemite tastes like and I understand to
be with bread not alone but I thought
first somebody gives them alone or
torture them and now you swim on bread
all right who's up first so Shawn the
same thing this is funny first when you
eat it like this is not the right way to
eat it you're from bread but I want you
all to try it like this okay get a spoon
everybody gets food just do it oh my god
just don't upset yeah just do that did
you try so high you know it's girl no
you know that girl yes dear okay let's
go others good guys legitimately it is
that too because in Toronto life is
called more minority language go
Superman Lisbon
ah
yeah
ah
and she told it's cuz you know how the
child
we should get fashion I don't know what
it's like to be loved I know Santa and
nobody fed you your own boogers you had
to learn how to love yourself maybe
you're thinking too you will become me
see you when you're up today on the vlog
how much love you get yeah that's right
should that not be motivation to stay
up-to-date on these blogs I hate you
subject I'm gonna find the blog edited
and somebody and somebody in this vlog
please comment and let jazz know which
blog she forgot the meow and the punch
that way you don't to look for it so
just let you know no resist the urge to
list all of them there was a good one we
know that that's the latest one just I
don't believe there is anyone after like
220 and what will this be - 26 - 25 - 27
so this will be 227 somewhere between
220 and 225 jazz loss for my dad lost
her money at the punch and the meow were
there then it must have been like
editing here done Brisbane you messed up
three times in choreo but it's okay I'm
not gonna beat myself up because it was
okay um better go get some noodles then
we're gonna pack in our call time is 6
a.m. in the morning we're heading to
Melbourne where am I going
where do I go upstairs go upstairs and
last show's done and now we're having a
soup party in my room and everybody
walked in and complain about how hot it
was and I turn on the heat and now I got
frostbite and then why shoot cuz she my
BAE
he stole my shoes ok at 1:45 I'm sleepy
I'm going to sleep I kicked everybody
out of my room um we're gonna wake about
5:30 to back cuz I'm too tired to do it
now if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe to
the loosing tor.com Melbourne
nah Sydney Perth we coming for you
Oh
Oh
I'm a dog with a bottleneck
