hi my bum hurts morning I got a bruise
on my bum I think while dancing
I hit something or someone hit me and my
lower hip bum I have like a massive
bruise and I'm not going on my mama's
boot that's what I said
anyways we are checking out today
leaving Adelaide heading to Brisbane
I've never been to Brisbane I'm very
excited wearing my Australia sweater
again okay so get this you see how both
of these Sookie it is both wheels on
both of my suitcases are broken so this
is how my suitcases are f3 suitcases 2
or 3 are broken and they're so annoying
to drag and Kari I haven't had time to
get a new carry-on but until I get one
but only like like bright colorful ones
and they're all I don't like normal
suitcases I want them to be reflective
of my personality you know what
everyone's making fun of me cuz look so
it's like drag it along there anyways
we're getting up behind downstairs Dave
is gone so right now Simon's our tour
manager and we're hopping out on a plane
but first we clean Bullers I travel try
to pay for anything that's what we do
put all of our money out and there's
like Singapore dollars and Hong Kong
dollars and the fumes on us we're trying
to pay them in like 10 different
currencies ah yeah would you clean this
you just clean that turn yeah no lying
hi
your time so far on the tour it's
wonderful literally every place we go
we're like big we're in Australia Taylor
yeah we have a moment we're not gone
together babe calm was kind of great
what is it I don't know Hong Kong she's
always eating my hat my having a great
time
all feels very surreal and I feel like
we're gonna take it and truthfully like
after the fact
yeah like when were like the tour's dad
was to dodge and weave like whoa yeah
I'm like we didn't take any of that
in music so there's this guy that's been
following it it's tired to work now just
a minor things are there oh I know that
you're alive he crossed that line and I
don't know what because he's in public
I'll be great it slows it dropping us
she is so good um well you enjoying the
tour very much so
what's your favorite part so far my
favorite part I like partying in Hong
Kong I was pretty cranky sightseeing a
Singapore
I'm going on stage is a favorite thing
eating subway she didn't say favorite
things
yeah a singular question I know I'll be
involved my favorite thing of all was
just sharing the stage of this day and i
Crotty chop here yesterday dead mic 100
from the station what give me rape
we are leaving Adelaide we are heading
to Brisbane right now I just showed all
the dancers the sizzler for the dog did
you like the dog sizzler I did it almost
made me emotional even though I have no
heart dango I do you think I just
thought it was the best thing ever you
did also shoot a lot of that but he owe
you some Dora right of course it what
did you guys think about the torte
this is list this is just why it was Oh
No I'm touching and it touched right
here Wow yeah I was old back with your
spiky okay do you guys think almost
quite a second time yeah I cry
Klose what does that it's absolutely
good high and low and then high don't
think that you're gonna be depressed or
watch again no it's not that kind of set
is emotionally touching real nice keep
it real with your this step is to Men's
22 seconds where I think I'm doing our
piece yeah I'm back in economy and we
did it again here and we always do some
asleep evil saying don't give me
business anymore so I can save my
friends my head is it to strengthen ah
welcome to Brisbane this is our home for
the next 48 hours
um the team is about to look at the view
hold up hold up okay okay that's what's
up very pretty
the team and I were gonna eat something
and then we're gonna watch a movie maybe
watch Mad Max are so many good movies in
theaters Mad Max San Andres you know I
got to watch my boo all right there's
pitch perfect there's entourage oh so
many things are coming out so I'm gonna
watch a movie have some down time got
this cool light oh my god it's like a
transformer yeah yeah yeah so we're in
Australia attic and finally finally
we're in a city that has Pie Face if you
don't know is every time I've come to
Australia pie face is where it's at I
love it it's like warm and hearty
wonderful food so on a mission to find
some pie misty pot pies with smiley
faces what's there not to love there's
two locations one might be closed down
and the other one the butt is broken and
the other one is some
highlight I'm sorry I feel like I might
have had to have too much though
fine port we found prizes oh yeah it's
all in the distance boy phase two
beside pie-faced it was great was it not
so good it actually was good it's
actually really good right and now we're
here maybe it was gelato place right
across the pie face
so forth it's good day we don't want to
see a movie as well oh my god is such a
good day I love it
look at this pencil sharpener this
souvenir shop is the best thing I've
ever seen in my life ready
I love it
no chase I found something so you over
here mean stuff I'm pretty sure I'm
going to find an old Chinese name on
this all right here we go no SHINee I
got Erin Anthony Adam Ashley Ashley's
pretty close Alexandra let's see if they
having Willie you Ashley very dirt see
they have David that's Daisy I think
it's David yeah
where's Elle's Dave Laura Lee Lindsey
Leanne no Lily no Lily can't even have
your name you're nice and white
my name is Martha Katrina Keith Kelly
Ken yeah nah ain't got no one's name so
heading to the movie and I was mad at
humble because he's late for everything
he's always late and then he totally
redeemed himself because I was
complaining early about how UK and I
don't know about Australia but they
don't put butter on their popcorn so I
got a surprise for you
and he hands me I think of butter I got
a whole pocketful of them totally reduce
yourself oh no that if we go to some of
them by microwave popcorn the front disc
is more than happy to pop it for us look
at him redeeming himself so hard right I
had a conversation with a five-star
hotel about popcorn today okay a movie
was really good Mad Max is really good
and I get why Diego was like watching a
theater Azzam wicked sees like very
out-of-this-world type of like
o3o little girl brushed a broad-brush
feel like an to go back into wine oh
yeah I wanna be here and I want let's
talk about this real quick though is
that grousing ball movie Bom Bom
so we're saying no quality time together
oh cool
basically Australia please all these
like serious music further what's
basically their hotel ad has a song so
scope into the channels and it's like
Nelly I love you
dilemma right and really all yes
stupid like good music videos so tell on
first nice of quality time eating some
instant noodles you're so good it's so
good I'm very content with our
decision-making skills right now we've
been killing with the decision making
skittle today on point it's a good day a
good day and blamed you we just watched
another movie having such a lazy day
watch the interview yes pretty effed up
um this looks so weird it's like the arm
is coming out of my neck
we're gonna sleep now Stu 34m I got an
interview tomorrow and then it's show
day show me this is going on yeah um
nothing else more to say besides I know
you too much if you steal from graphics
for my show triple w leasing tour comm
tickets with Dubai I feel like are like
90% sold out London I think I sold up
Birmingham still available
Manchester still available Toronto still
available and parts of Australia still
available to check the website figure it
out yeah if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe know
