you know what a PI reference
I'm tired nothing you it is like 6 a.m.
in the morning or something like that
who's got to the airport we are leaving
Sydney heading to Perth actually
spending one to three days in Perth we
do our last show on Australasia day
there we've got two days off in person
well here super cold and super tired and
everything's great
goodbye breakfast we're all just going
to chase spent $2 like this you know to
bagel of secre everything you know the
Big O looks like 1/2 my bagel so the
other half of my bagel it's a cookie a
Big O is a cookie
runny noses back I think it says wake up
too early sign it says
cold hot cold hot situations bike off my
nose sometimes yeah I really just like
just keep taking lessons
come to Perth look at all the purpose
there's Perth over there there's ports
over there it's parked right there this
that's a Perth
you're a Perth that's a person
everything's at Perth you ready to see
our home for the next few days we have a
show him personally we have two days off
in Perth I'm so happy within this hotel
let me show you around
this is the bedroom ah this is it
makeup oh my god a makeup Ariane love it
this is this place closet this is the
washroom
Tom you already know what's happening
here I mean ocean you're gonna just bath
bomb it up and some fans got us more
bath bombs so excited and then we got a
huge like that jazz will be happy TV
okay got a desk which I'm very very
happy but what's this it's luck uh-huh
we got a desk which I'm gonna do so much
work here I'm so happy about it
this is home welcome home the next three
days
whoo but first I gotta poop oh I just
went through all my emails I feel so
clean I feel so clean I love it I love
what my inbox is looking right he's
looking right
this book is in my nose things just
happened two of them are cute one was
not jazz now me food in the girl made
mistaken but me in it yeah I'm shopping
but she can't get more food to look
someone I don't know set up my dressing
room walk you in my house lined up my
shoes what is this
okay well the point is it's cute and
then stepdad over here it's really cute
things he knows we all look raid the
fridge for drinks as soon as you come
here so so we all see it and we can all
be blamed
I mean you can't be blamed for not
telling us how you feeling everybody
guys I'm so sad I feel like the
so you know what myself on the dancers
go through there's a lot of things to
consider when you dance for example
we've dried with a lot of really small
stage well really difficult stages when
you're doing have one leg on carpet one
leg on hardwood so she went pyro break
dances when we have props and stuff it's
very tricky so you got round of applause
to these people right here awesome okay
okay cowbell need more cowbell
I play cowboy so for the first after the
show and I'm gonna call the dancers into
doing it with me so these people have a
chance to meet all these wonderful
dancers and I mean that's so much time
for the show which means and let me show
you why it's nap time hold on II should
why let me show you why
subbu
that's a wrap on Australia first shall
be agreed after and I've caught all the
dances it's doing it as well no I mean
right here okay so all the dances gonna
be probably movie today then have a good
experience shots to never got me this
hat on
oh thanks dances you ready for your
first meeting great it's gonna be fun
and then we all sweaty sweaty my life
would you think this is what we call a
powwow than our last POW in Australia so
you know what song was about to have a
cheers right now is everybody on deck
for this Cheers yeah all right this is
uh we Came we saw we conquered in
Australia and most importantly hopefully
we change people's lives for the better
do all of the amazing people who are my
closest friends you what's up my name is
crazy her my name is crazy huh
my name is crazy her I'm a little bit
tip stuff stuff it's so awesome to spend
some time we have like three days off
and it's just so refreshing to go this
chill out we don't have to set an alarm
take that in we don't have to set an
alarm tomorrow we gotta wake up like
12:00 noon we're gonna fix some costume
you're gonna fix some props and then
we're still I'm so excited we're gonna
chill everybody else is on their way
look at this pajama is a wonderful fan
India got them for me and it has all my
favorite things all right look okay but
the point of me grabbing my camera is to
show you that Nick looks like a white
ranger remember Tommy white ranger looks
like this is my 9 year old fantasy
coming to life right now I can't even he
looks like white Rangers
first word that comes to mind go miss
queen bee is so tired that nanu has to
end her vlog today because she sees me I
don't want to wake her I don't think I'm
looking at the right spot I hope she's
okay with this I middle here the right
spot I'm sorry guys
but today was an awesome sauce date our
last day in Australia and it was amazing
and we love you and she loves you and
what would she say to you if you like to
subscribe on behalf of Lilly Singh
superwoman miss Queen B I love her and
she's honestly amazing I don't know if
she's gonna see this where she's gonna
post this but you guys are so lucky to
have her because she loves you guys so
damn much okay and she's so genuine
about it and she's one of the most
hard-working people I know and
