nini
morning where the airport I'm so tired
today I'm really cranky as well it's so
cold if it wasn't so cold I would be so
cranky I'm sleepy and I'm cold as a
combination about things we are headed
to Sydney we have told Simon our stepdad
that we want to take the scenic route
when we get to Sydney to pass by the
halls and all that stuff but it's like
8:00 in the morning I'm really cold
we're gonna sleep for you that's the
status right now okay so this is like go
go go it's like a pancake photocopier
technology because I'm going around
right now science so your science I
really got these though no no it's mine
three we didn't do three Oh
stepdad is here staying in a while hello
winning is way too hard come on coming
guys bag in the head by Mickey SHINee
we've made it to Sydney why my way to
choose glasses there are no sneezing
meows dude I'm really cranky and have no
patience today and I'm gonna be snappy I
don't want to look at anyone don't even
see my eyes wear glasses really cranky
don't know why patience patience
Goyo glass is so big on me no okay and
what's that wheezing one of my favorite
places in the world this is one of most
beautiful sights I've ever seen I've had
the honor of seeing it three times now
but I don't get sick of it
are you ready Sydney you so gorgeous
check it out
and there's Diego to ruin the shot yeah
I get your shot it's okay
walk behind you you're part of the
beautiful shot I love it is so pretty it
makes me so happy
one of my favorite places ever Sydney
was like one of the first times when I
came to Sydney it was like the first
time performed here I remember being so
nervous I know was it a comp knows that
the carbonyls don't know me it's like so
far from where I live in the world and
so many people knew me and it was such a
overwhelming experience I was like I'm
literally across the world literally
people watch my videos here so Sydney
holds a special place in my day a great
picture
alright that was that five minutes of
tourism that's time to go to work it's
time to go to work now I'm blotting you
love oh love you God that's how it is
oh no blog section laters guys yes top
rondo shirt you know in Sydney all
around the world
oh yeah welcome to my temporary home in
Sydney
I read see my balcony are you ready to
see my balcony Samuel oh I've just been
standing here eating this wonderful
fruit that was left for me and just
chilling here with my thoughts
it'd be it's too in here with my
thoughts
yeah I was thinking about things that I
was thinking like you something I'm
learning on this tour is really now I
went to school for psychology I a
psychology degree I'm just I just have a
room where I'm realizing that like so
much of my life is things I never
learned about I never learned about in
school never learned how to be the
person I am I guess that applies for
everyone but it's like suddenly I'm this
26 year old who has never managed
anything that's like the boss of this
big tour and like has to make big
decisions and has to problem-solve and
has to just oversee everything and like
I was never trained for that seems like
thinking am i doing a good job I'm doing
a bad job I've no idea today's home just
my change room oh I got a shower I need
a man I need my love that I might have
to take shower damn pickup towels might
be down um I ain't tired but that's
nothing new
I'm also cold that's also nothing new
for a thermostat also nothing new so we
are starting to Sydney meet-and-greet
check them out so excited Wanga unicorn
let's do this once upon a time add
slippers and they broke I was really
really sad about it then Breanna got me
more slippers thank you so much you're
so sweet just to show you to think about
a movie to put - all right
like your onesie so yeah humble I'm
waiting to save all the poets oh man
he's gonna come out he's not as I'm
Ingrid I'll see if we can come inside
that for you are you the cipher show
yeah awesome hmm check out my dope socks
courtesy of team super well I'm doing my
stretch the stretch is that I do this
stretch is that I do a little bit out of
it today but it's okay because gonna be
short time and I'm gonna snap into my
performance mode and my voice is giving
me a little bit of problems this is my
third show in a row and my voice is a
little bit and learning on tour life
something wrong will happen every single
time whether to throw venue was at the
meeting pretty whether it's just it's
learning and accepting that not
everything is in my control and I can't
do every I can't do something about
everything that goes wrong and that
drives me crazy
drives me crazy just feeling a little
bit I need to feel up here I'm not
speaking English I'm sorry I feel a
little out of it I feel a little bit
irritated today and and stop this
performance time let's do this
well Superman Sydney
ah natalie is a toonie channel right
here she is so kind enough to make time
to come to my show I'm so happy and I
hope you enjoyed it and you should all
go and see this amazing show I can't
believe how incredible at what I want to
say with you
so wonderful I I thought with a great
sure you should definitely all go bad
bet
I cried three times and I was constantly
at a level like up to here you just came
out on stage like a wig I seriously have
my eyes filled with tears so much to me
ah good Matt brandcast
and we can't be a fest like that like
that amazing huh I mean D channel ha ha
so you should know after every
performance we have a little powwow and
we go through all the gifts that you
Wonderful's get me we go put all the
candy on the table we all share it you
and for the first time ever one of my
fans got me vodka I'm promoting nothing
but I'm just gonna say I appreciate this
I appreciate this look I appreciate this
um but yeah that's what's up and I would
have our little powwow I guess it'll
show tears for everyone didn't answer
you imagine you in that beard and
everybody so for the second time my life
I have the honor of being in Sydney
during vivid which is there awesome
light shows the best light show I've
ever seen in my entire life and so we're
gonna catch the last couple minutes of
it it ends at 12 but it's like 11:50
something so hey oh thank you so do you
like it amazing um so we're gonna have a
live show there's something on the other
poles - no it looks all lit up
i subtrees the cool thing
No
weird lighting the more corals my
workroom the life on the boat
under - under deceit under da sea with
the fishes on da da si todo para llegar
tancana erotica tangihanga
so we should definitely packing and
taking a shower and doing all the other
responsible things we should be doing
but instead we've decided to sit here
uselessly for so long
I'm so tired like we could be sleeping
right now we did something about it I
know like I'm in fetal position I'm so
cold and I'm so tired and it's like what
time is it is it one something my
phone's dead everything's dead this one
the 1:30 we gotta be in the lobby by
5:20 ha wait a purpose a four-hour
flight holy crap oh we get off should I
just quit lying which I do hey you guys
come back oh my god can you guys come
back for this makeup ah we're gonna take
our makeup off he hasn't like a please
it wasn't a bed now
oh no I'm gonna take a shower pack go to
bed that's not nothing
that's my decision if you still want to
kiss a person unless this vlog comes out
after that if you want tickets for any
of my upcoming show stupid ovulating
tour calm let's do dat to you i if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
