my shirt
thank you two ever bought me this shirt
I love Hong Kong and I truly truly truly
do we're on the mission to find my
Jeremy Scott shoes we have no
information chase knows where they are
we don't know if it's open
we don't know the number to call we
tried searching couldn't find it we
don't know if that my size we don't know
anything right now but we are still
blindly going and trying to find these
shoes right now the mission wish us luck
yo yeah I'm not vlog in the back talk
about this the blacker the berry the
sweeter the juice Wendy thought but I
mean people should not be afraid to get
dark I agree with that whole darn about
Dart
I think all skin colors are beautiful
but nothing is wrong with sunblock yes
there we go this is hindering my walking
it's hot it's hot
there's a lot of people that will be
strolling where is this Bangkok Bangkok
Bangkok hola
check out
I'm calling your mother okay so in this
place called trendy zone there's so much
cool stuff here
and I'm kinda okay this is the shoe I
said 110 months and months I want to
wear on stage let's hope and pray they
have my size
let's hope I'm pretty vailable let's
hope and pray it's not $1,000 here we go
either way I'm still going to get this
shoot it's a nice big how nice how nice
I feel like I can't do so I know it's
really just look what just happened
right now the whole tour changed the
whole torch and don'ts don't change
they're gonna break her ankles on stage
but the whole show just changed yes yes
the whole show just changed right now
that's it it's a totally different job
I'm so happy should be really happy is
quite a purchase this isn't forever
she's only allowed to wear them on stage
never anywhere else ever Justine
so just make sure you continue having
gigs the last train ride in Hong Kong
I'm calling great hi it's put more time
the Shelf in please I would spend my
entire life savings rope rope trying to
show off your glasses and again
everything that makes for this show I
mean I know everything I made from this
yeah that ball was trend trendy zone I
wouldn't know bad about it yeah
everything was so dope in the trendy
zone knows to train people look what the
wonderful Hotel gave me the popcorn
maker I love it you know me so well I'm
like I would say most excited audience
till date
Hong Kong so they say all day every
everything so we are headed next to
Australia first stop is it's like 13
hours to get there so good night
Fraser check this out there's like
clusters of buildings that are the
saving I made I just discovered it's
like the Monopoly games that game of
Monopoly this is like for building
design shall that be exactly same with a
slightly over there before but they're
exactly same oh my god yeah it's like
we're in a game of real
my god a news boardwalk Avenue
but I know you don't know that it's the
whole month of repartee
okay my friend the hardest part of this
whole tour is checking in our bags every
single time checking in our bags
horrible it's like all of us trying to
like put the bag did all of our name it
is gonna change in Australia because
they have a special deal amazing what's
that flying virgin in Australia amazing
yeah like trying to throw the weight
distribution and people's bags just a
nightmare Canada you have the time Hong
Kong yo got so much fun way too much fun
here I'm same-same I thought it was like
everything divided by 12 so like sick
this is so much like yeah such a steal
yeah it turns out it's divided by six so
true though we're over way met four fans
at the airport we're gonna give them all
of humble shirts I tell the donate them
to charity because humbled a new shirt
in Australia anyways so for my fans
gonna donate all this clothing cuz right
now the time is throw it away and I
don't want to throw away all of these
shirts here well the kids could use
these so laughs more fans right here in
the wall go donate the shirts in Hong
Kong these are good people right here
good people alright
I didn't ask to be put in business class
they just do it as was saying yeah
everyone else in the back and I kind of
wish I was with them watching movies
with them and stuff but I will take off
and I eat the good food here i'ma go
back and talk to him anyways so yep we
are heading to Australia it is 13 hours
of travel we're going to Melbourne first
for Melbourne were applying to Adelaide
so gonna be a long flight and I have to
be
this tour is such a wild roller coaster
man I don't get it
yo in the last week I've been three
countries into hospital in Bangalore
like a crazy show in Hyderabad with no
AC and a bird flew across the stage went
to Singapore landed the airport hundreds
of people and now I'm in Hong Kong
like is this just me it's a what do you
think it was just me go check on the
family now
humble with his a roll right now
who's really in the first class oh they
gave me a vehicle which is a night that
takes all the happiness and
they gave me these pajamas pants too but
I didn't change into them
yeah
