today is a challenging day we have to
change our show around just a little bit
stage size venue stuff it up but we're
gonna make it happen it's gonna be
awesome
obviously everyone's being so
professional super on point with SHINee
did my hair up again and I'm gonna start
my meet-and-greet in Adelaide and
something's in my eye already and then
he's gonna be right back in it says and
and this Peter here so now I'm not mean
yeah and Diego's back hey guys I look at
Diego so now they're sufficiently more
muscles on the team okay
okay you gotta go down
so everyone stole almost dressing-room
he's being a diva now I can't get in my
max to perform for my eight minutes with
all these random like what is all this
Don Diego rent random Mexicans and
Caucasians all up in my dressing room
ruining my Chi
I cannot Center myself under these
conditions girls getting putting on
their faces in my in my makeup room
other girls are my makeup room consuming
my toilet paper
look at this unicorn you're on Lily's
log are you excited for the show yes
yeah what's your favorite video
sniffling oh yeah it's not the good one
let me introduce you to the show hi
welcome to the show that right there
that's the show right there the show
have a very bad day my Goliath I'm
dealing with a lot of emotions and
feelings by just have talked with myself
I can say it but at least out the door
it's super one time now even though the
same people lily has emotions sometimes
it's tired sometimes it's sad
so here doesn't any of that as a matter
what I'm feeling every person out there
deserves an amazing show I still was the
first show I ever did
it's not fair to think oh I'm having a
bad day so I'm gonna perform last now
every person what they're deserves the
best show ever that's what matters at
this moment that's what counts
that's what being a performer is about
it's about putting everything else aside
and saying not now It's Showtime It's
Showtime
ah
so despite everything we did a great
show I'm so proud of my unicorn y'all
did a fantastical job yes thanks and
Dave dad is leaving us in a few hours
and we all give him a really hard time
about it but he's coming back for the
bye
I remember Dave leaving
now and this is reaction acceptable
we're going to be waiting with open arms
and we're gonna be waiting with open
arms
okay you were just going to get bigger
now we're heading back to the hotel to
do I don't know what actually I've
discovered something different so in
North America we call cream soda cream
soda but here currently we're in Hungry
Jack's right now it's like pretty much
the equivalent to Burger King to be
honest my head is really really hurting
cuz I breathe it so tight but I told was
trying to do them tight so I could
maintain them for five shows your head
is really hurting something about to pop
to add was I got pretty easy night I'm
glad we're gonna watch a game of Thrones
humble we're gonna watch a game of
Thrones that doesn't seem really
enthusiastic
you're deleted Game of Thrones
by all hey guys is here mumbles here
well she's here Diego's here and we are
about to watch movie you know which
movie we're probably March big hero 6 I
haven't seen it how about you seen it
jazz hasn't seen it did what have you
seen it's a really good movie so we're
gonna watch so weirdness dilemma but
humble doing the sweetheart he is has
arranged he's like when we land in
Brisbane tomorrow he's already figured
of when San Andreas is playing but he
also wants Eman max but then
pitch-perfect is also and I just
realized that entourage movies coming in
now if you don't know this I'm a huge
entourage fan love obsessed with
entourage there's there's your Johnny
Drama that's who you are
your turtle turtle oh yeah I'm Vinnie
chase ah no no I'm like Ari Gold Vinnie
chase car boring you know you're
supposed to be finishing your baby are
you ready you are lyrics of Ian Hurley
no I know you anyways back to the vlogs
so there's so many good movies in
theaters now we're just like oh my god
wait for watching with me every single
day pitch perfect oh hello fool isn't it
do need support the whole boys are
watching movies loved it I think it's
sleepy time now if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe
