from hospital to the pool that's what's
up I am Alive I've been a little better
still very sick
Ashley armpit sweat up we're headed to
the pool right now to do some work by
the pool is our first day off in like
forever so who I'm gonna order some mad
carbs by the pool I'm going this like
kilt fun I'm at suck y'all and jazz is
here and I know she's here I'm all gonna
go to the pool and we totally didn't
just shave our legs in the same quiet
think we're in the right spot all yours
Marco and polo
welcome to bang these kids Marco so
every night we get a show report after
shows right and they're just so funny
because every detail what happened at
the show and so after the first show
like a little a literal note in the show
report was cat ran across stage and I
first show a cat run across the stage
howl cat got into the vendor I don't
remember yesterday's literally when it
says bird flew across stage during show
Omega team yeah oh so we're heading down
we just ate but now we're going to the
dinner buffet because we want a gulab
jamuns Andy you know the goo labs
sometimes labs that are friends with
again if you lab jamuns and that's cool
of them again and I'm gonna try go to
the movies today oh my that's a Saturday
maybe we're not doing words but I'm
doing work when I'm not doing like work
that's a gonna schedule that like you
know it's like nice not physically it's
not physically draining it's nice
appreciate that I make a video today I
missed the last video what about all
these losers in the video um Cena cute I
know it'll be fighting well thank you so
the power in the hotel keeps going out
and we're all here
and the doors wide open our power keeps
going out
they won't stop please come come these
to me these two
I don't do scary I imagine hand and I
will yeah I was gonna cuddle goodnight
when you're my eyes I know I don't I
don't watch scary movies
what is it point I I don't even remember
the last time I watch it scared me today
see it's not the thing is is different
if it's today and tonight nighttime
daytime is right here for you ah yeah I
understand that
welcome in some my name is jazz very
attractive while I'm editing this video
that I managed to do and it's not great
but it's like I really want something
doesn't sound like me but I was like you
I want to give a little update about the
torah' might not be funny but I yo I'm
editing this and I got some live
entertainment here this new laughs you
guys joked shabooya shabooya shabooya
I'm at 11 and hmm
la you so we set some cosmos I posted my
video recording video and post nur on my
life and role right now we are going to
I have a surprise for the dancers but
I'm not telling mom he's not even
telling me guys and I don't care if if I
told you actually you know what I told
you guys I'm humble but I didn't tell
you I think
but there's a reason cuz I I need my
heart otherwise all you guys are my
heart no but because you know why I told
them cuz I was like what do you guys
think about this and I think they were
in the
no I know baby but I want but I want to
surprise you that's I wanted to be
surprised I think you'll like it
that's why okay I'll accept it but like
my heart kind of broke okay but I'll
make it up to you later but listen it's
fine
but I was surprised from after tomorrow
shoka's sir las indias show and our room
is a disaster it's out guys like it's
disgusting you should even see it it's
real I'm sorry it's really bad I'm sorry
but yeah I wouldn't watch a horror movie
and it's a lot of the dancers are scared
of horror movies but we love gonna be a
cuddle party I'm gonna fall asleep with
Emmons I've been sleeping that's the
situation slumber party goodbye they're
watching my video in front of me you
know how I feel about this right I'm not
down now more people in the room so
started again worst so we're watching a
horror movie and pyro and Gina are like
terrified I can't I can't I don't I
so I oh my god I know
no Jamie oh it's really hurting my head
okay so we watch Evil Dead yo you almost
got questions of our goodbye I can't I
can't no you're so you know why - moving
on just and they're dying they're dying
right no it's that movie you're living
you're sleeping I'm sweaty gross
ah I'm not a baby I just the movie just
happy blood and like baby sweater girl
possessed save like girls blood and hair
on their face like this and free season
in the rain that yes I wheeze back in
our extremely messy room right now um
it's not that late which I'm very happy
about what time is it
let's check it is it's 2:30 a.m. yeah I
like 9 hours of sleep ahead of me I'm so
excited
but apps we have a show banglore
tomorrow but then yeah yeah the last
video that's kind of remote I know but
then we have like no brakes again like
Singapore Hong Kong Australia unless it
is a wrap
we're done does the last time we'll get
to sleep probably for the gig without
the dance I think I didn't perform one
stamp about the dance - one day off and
I'm done yeah you guys know it come to
Bangalore cuz I'm here you can place me
I don't know what oh this is troopers
they're like tripping out right now um
yo our team is like a little pansy is so
cute
um we're in a bed bed and but you need
to do is if you've got to get to my show
yet and her show yeah and I was showing
triple jab utilizing her calm side on to
unicorn Island with us yeah who else you
gonna go with and if you liked it
subscribe if you liked it subscribe
