is a beautiful sunny day here in Los
Angeles we're gonna have a productive
weekend not gonna lie my head has been
hurting for the hello for like 30 hours
so I'm trying to work on that right now
if we do some water maybe try to get
some water pointed a we'll see here's
the mission we're gonna go to just use
higher theme birthday party you can go
through our inbox definitely go to visit
the office and order some more things
probably write a script and maybe just
chill this is gonna be for the whole
weekend so tomorrow I'll have a call in
the face time with Scarborough's future
trainer and all we're gonna have a
balanced fun relaxing but very
productive week and my main goal is to
make sure the office space is ready for
Monday no ands ifs buts or excuses no
buts ready none of those see bye don't
forget to hug and kiss Scarborough I
could never forget that baby I think you
ever forget that Bailey
baby baby-by with home bye mommy
Steenburgen also earlier today
Scarborough discovered hangers all chill
has been lost
that's one echo headache if it's not
such a mother thing but it's true it's
so hard to do certain things when
Scarborough's awake and row up and
running because like he's biting my feet
or he's like keep an eye on him so to do
any household thing is like a great
accomplishment these days as a mother
thing to say but wash the dishes give me
the points here's the thing I thought
Lindsay tweet something similar I don't
have ever bought a costume for a costume
party
you want pirates I got my bait up ting
my Jack Sparrow's top right here
Scarborough forces for him I did not
order him a pirate costume because mama
slacked on it he's probably like thank
God but I do something else what you
think baby what do you think baby swear
to god this boy is so chill he's like
you can dress me whatever you want mommy
I'll do whatever I'm such a good sweet
boy look at him jean jacket you start a
pair you ready to go - just teeth pirate
party yay aye aye captain or that
spongebob
aye aye matey or
we're pirates scratch that we even
discovered he does not like the Jim Jack
there's two big hundred minutes heck you
getting lost in it so we took off the
jean jacket it's okay baby you don't
have to wear it I will never make him
wear that he doesn't want to wear as
long as it doesn't bother him if it's
just a kid or ball and doesn't bother
him that for sure he's wearing you
bother wise y'all he's Scarborough he
does what he wants as long as I'm going
with it hi welcome to my mother's lash
Family Channel girls Lindsey had many
options obviously so what do you think
of Scarborough Scrabble with angie bro
right now this is my little nephew right
yes yes yes yes yes aye sir George yes
once you have our shot these are your
friends to play with okay of course the
scene has a pirate band
so many dogs you did such a good job at
the party you know that little ladies
man so well-behaved ready to go home do
some work
are you still horrified of the car not
really I'm just biting your fingers mom
that's what I want to do yum yum yum yum
yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum
happy Sunday it is the next hit
Scarborough is finally sleeping wanna
see what happens when you're not able to
pick up your clothes cuz every time you
do I try to avoid Scarborough being my
bedroom because this carpet he pees on
it and his carpet so large and he bites
all my clothes
this is what happens when you're unable
to pick up your clothes this is a real
thing we gonna solve this problem right
now keep the boys humble do some laundry
I'm about to vacuum this floor I'm gonna
do everything I can while those cargo is
sleeping God knows when I turn the
vacuum you see back then this boy been
sleepin all day which means he's gonna
keep me up all night aren't you yes I am
mommy I'm gonna piss everywhere look
who's here it's the hummus queen she
didn't help me move some stuff into the
office sector you look glowing today you
look beautiful wonderful Birds where did
you get it right they're losing calm the
evidence the original the classics get
the merge the classic legendary merge
you know what I mean the Evergreen March
she's in the ring baby girl show them
the ring they can't get no more surely
new office same ratchet business Misaki
are you ready to go to the happiest
place on earth
dude Zealand target its scarfo's first
target trip I think I might cry look at
how good he's big is in the card when
dog mom was taking two experiences too
seriously
look how good he's being baby boy baby
boy like mama you loved her yeah I think
she's lost it guy because he likes a
baby condition baby bath no he's like
that dude
it's not a good-enough creepy whatever
you want mom go get to you so lily has
put me in charge of getting some office
supplies so I think
yeah I think I have everything we need
right here will I got all of our office
supplies damn it
your champ Jeff Locke got done a lot got
done look at this look at this look at
all this Wow Wow
I come downstairs to find Masako on the
koshkas why Barbara was chasing Carolyn
and she could Scarborough isn't sleeping
all day
he has so much energy now as you can see
a walker dog walking Jay Walker dog
let's hurt and she was soft those about
to clean up her first pee closing aroma
sock was like a huge germaphobe like she
cannot deal with germs so this is a very
big deal for her right now oh we're out
in Scarborough had to pee and he peed in
his bed and he was so stout which is
okay but the bed was all misako so
essentially be done without go but
that's okay it wasn't his fault he
didn't mean to but my sock will be end
of the year right okay how many paper
towels you use it out here girl
killing seven trees or one pilot Pete
come on now oh I didn't go to my Inbox
didn't write a script but I planned on
my date tomorrow to do the both of those
things
oh yeah very good I planned on my day
tomorrow do both those things there's so
much stuff to the office today I should
have really super productive day I'm
very proud of my weekend I also just
drank a glass of water give me the
points lots of water a day keeps the
something-something or something right
but anyway
before I know when you're watching this
today is super Monday a main channel
video will be uploaded little sneak peek
think I look cute for like a few seconds
so try to take you to OTV but then I
realized oh my mirrors too dirty and
also I actually don't look that great
make sure you let me know drink super
six at the vlog fam thank you so to show
you some extra love bye
you
