are you ready for today good morning
good evening good afternoon oh my god I
am in such a good mood this morning to
conceive my I'm in such a good mood
this morning which makes me so happy
because I've officially shaken whatever
negative feelings I had before rocking
my rappers what have we done North
mother effers today is actually a pretty
chill mother everyday which means I'm
about to make the hustle so part let me
tell you what we're gonna do kicks for
today here is the mission for today I
mean my makeup done I am heading to a
photo shoot for something what's the
thing something after that thing after
that we asked that thing after that we
are going to do emails which write
scriptures are so behind and 12 collabs
and I'm also going to give everyone
lots of hugs because my missions not
long enough and that made it longer is
this my hair love is more fun and I'm
wearing a while Oh super okay swaggy
vibe good naturally yeah naturally
glowing make me look more hydrated than
I am
make him seem hydrated I am but I know
her cute they need to look like damn she
has a full eight glasses a day look like
fire the fire Bedouin shoes the first
time no I'm saying fire fire fire fire
their BIOS man come through Wow okay
something amazing just happened I just
met a lady you know so this lady looks
so familiar
she's from white chicks busy the actors
busy from white chicks is over there
doing your photo shoot now and I was
like you do not understand how I know
every word y'all the white is my
favorite movie I am living living just
getting off a part of the mission
release my video do super 16 obviously I
was testing you what are y'all doing
slacking
speaking of being fetch I got this
thumbnail though oh my god oh quit leave
that give it a boy alright did have a
super 16 the car filler throwing up but
now I'm gonna finish it here with the
thing and the thing Big Bang and think
of the big big
what up man just went through my entire
embarking with the points by the way to
address yesterday in my blog after I
released everyone's like why the heck
you wear heels again you said you
weren't gonna wear heels let me clarify
because my right foot is numb right now
I refused to wear uncomfortable heels
with an ankle strap I just refused to
ever wear those games humor yesterday
were actually not that bad they're
pretty comfortable but any heel I wear
for like five plus hours is gonna hurt
me so the first three hours of the night
always fun but as soon as we got into
like five ish hours I was like no get
out of this today's one of those days
where I realized I have not a meal yet
I'm forgetting to eat so I'm gonna eat
some b-wing salad right now but I'm
gonna get all of my clothes so let me
just change real quick oh all right
let's go with some fat it look great
that is what I'm gonna do before I get
some more creative work done on really
hungry which means before you can watch
them walking dead but you know the sad
thing is right wash right watch these
shows like I'm so glad I want to talk to
different humans those happening in the
show imagine what it's like to be
friends with the people in these shows
and be like yo what was it like shooting
this thing and how was you know what I
have an idea hold on meet my new friend
y'all ready to watch some Walking Dead
yo miss Shan are you even on the Call
Sheet anymore yeah answer me answer me
okay thank God because honestly I miss
you two things one I want to really keep
my braids in but I don't wash mirror
because there's so much hairspray in it
oh I didn't think of some creative ideas
so if I could do whatever the FI want
with my hair and I gotta be the place
where I got some creative ideas I don't
know just what to do
alright let's get to work Cheers
whoa it's hot in there alright to new
ideas in the hot tub now I gotta wash my
hers oh hey both of my ideas don't make
sense anymore once it's not type them up
my voice actually doesn't make any sense
structurally doesn't work at all so bad
like one dirty i'ma go to bed pick this
up tomorrow you like that kind of
productive day wasn't ly the most
productive but tomorrow will be
yourself every time I say productive but
dr. Proctor burdock whatever hug me in
my bosom let's see how we did today
I am so excited for Thursday 12 class of
Christmas are starting I already know
Thursday I won't even be like why is the
collab but for the next 11 class in
there why so many collabs and I'm just
it's not galactic Christmas goddamn
every year this happens where I announce
it and there's all these haters incoming
it also all she does is collabs no way
I'm just like do whatever but it's all
good because you know you supporters are
what matters so that's why I think go to
Vegas I'm rambling now and I don't know
to saying I don't remember a blog visite
yo tell tomorrow if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
hey yo you're excited for 12 clubs of
Christmas comment below and let me know
what who your guesses are that you think
are gonna I'm gonna collab with and if
tell me also who you guys are but also
who you hope I collab with I'll read
your comments down below because it's
awesome spots we need to fill and if you
comment some people down below and it's
consistent I might just hit that person
up it's a highlight you girl
