morning Hong Kong what's up so I slept
in wonderfully today I'm not actually
gonna pull up so much work to do like I
told you it's really hard for me to
figure out which jokes to alter with
which audience I'm kind of going through
my set right now
me and jazz are tag-teaming a lot of
tasks intro videos promos in boxes so
just trying to like hustle and catch up
our life is a constant game of catch-up
as of right now because we're so behind
with all the flights were taking in time
changes and I started or what that's
what I'm doing I'm gonna work by this
pool for a little bit and then I'm going
to eat some pizza and then I'm ready and
then we're gonna go to the venue funky
pants like a pants yeah lady moments
like this I really need to remind myself
that my hard work and dedication has
like a world tour because everyone's
having a great time in the pool and I'm
the only one sitting here I have no
regrets rookies get done I'm sure many
people who have great successes and lace
have made greater sacrifices they're not
going in the pool but kinda sucks having
so much fun nope tour tours priority
have fun on stage so we're heading to
the venue
well I heard I heard I got a little
message from a little birdy say that
this then you'll be the nicest one yet
all the ones who've been to even more
than Singapore well I don't know John's
that is I don't know if he's staying
from like a lighting nerd perspective or
if it's like actually but we'll see you
know quite countdown what - thanks 9 new
version of attendance Oh shiny whispers
a because she said
that
this is dope
this is really dull this I like yeah I
think of most 360 we've had so far
but you ready for my meet and greet just
so you know you get signed up merch
shirts and posters all of my shows and
in Australia I'm gonna introduce a new
piece of merch I'm really really excited
about don't hold up come on oh I feel I
feel like I could never take this off in
my life it just makes me feel so dope I
love it so much it's my new favorite
piece of clothing I'm gonna say these
pants my booty on the right all right
we're ready for me Green number nine
right now
Hong Kong HK Hong Kong's and my city I'm
in love with this venue of the colors
and everything it's making me happy to
see how long it's about in this before I
melt
you
many friends what's your name I'm pearl
pearl and let me see your nails
it's eunuch oh my god they're so cool
how awesome are these enjoy the show
thank you Neko very excited for the show
very very excited what's your favorite
video Lily's parents reacting to like
videos but today is Angelina's birthday
and how old are you turning 10 10 and
what's your favorite video everyone
everyone and why you so cute I don't
know you don't know she was born this
way thank you so much happy birthday
didn't watch by cysec she it's her
birthday holiday today 10 or what's your
favorite video mine thank you so much
it's not amazing you look happy birthday
cuz I okay so let's talk about oh sorry
doing my hair right now winter killing
the game just killing it oh my lady that
means I love you all boil a day
nerado
the worst thing we go in the store ever
is the compostable I do not feel
comfortable every time going to sink as
your first time going onstage
I mess it up against
Oh Superman having a Hong Kong check
Oh Hong Kong I think the best show yet
when the best shows y'all crazy excited
that was awesome I gotta make it again
Jasper came to my Hong Kong show he's
the coolest percent of the coolest dad
for sure I've ever known in my entire
life
right here did you like the show that
was incredible I want to go again I want
to go again
I'm a little backstage pal right now
that's what's up I'm cotton so excited I
love it
how unicornia is this bus right now so
unicorny yeah so where my Nisha's
friends lives in Hong Kong she's gonna
take us out we get to check out a 3 p.m.
tomorrow so we just sleep it as long as
you want
um the shoes I really wanted in Canada
for my beginning scent of the show che
said he saw them in a store in Hong Kong
so I'm gonna try to go tomorrow morning
get them but right now we get to party
tonight
it's a party night and I heard Kong the
super casual so I can just like where my
kids in that kind of day no heels
excitement all right we going clubbing
in Hong Kong right now situation
we win the riddles
I'm so confusing this club outside
I was like what is it
movie back home the way I am sleepy
right now I'm just gonna collapse in my
bed such a fine night out Hong Kong you
seriously turn up hard it's like Turtle
real hard such an awesome experience I'm
going to sleep tomorrow we're heading to
Australia don't know it's a brief tour
no just on a wild roller coaster and I'm
so glad you're joining me if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like the Cubs
