good morning Singapore I woke up and
went doing a massage and it was freaking
amazing I fell asleep during another
Sagar I feel so amazing we're about to
go do some tours you stop right now my
boys's same for tonight's show but
that's what we're doing let's go explore
Singapore
so hot
I love chase I jump on face
don't jump on my face Damon was it just
with joy or Bobby was not moving okay
just move with Jekyll in the world
go on tails gonna call oh my gosh I need
using your disease shut up don't see how
people take it up there that like this
yeah shiny got you oh yeah I'm scared oh
you know like hey I realize that we live
in Toronto steel tower
Peru
Singapore you are like one of my
favorite places ever so beautiful I'm in
love with Singapore every time I go I'm
so happy absolutely love it it's just so
gorgeous
and so unlike any other place I've seen
good job Singapore I feel like I could
live here if I wanted to
so we're at Marina Bay Sands and we were
allowed into the infinity pool area so
cause of my Singapore peeps and I was
like yo make this happen
my Singapore teams made it happen so
we're trying to guess quarter into
infinity pool cuz people can go there
only if you stay at the hotel you can go
but China pull some strings
hashtag dis become
so I wasn't able to get them into the
pool because I didn't give them advance
warning I was coming but this little
window
hey yo you trying to go swimming now
before the show swimming in the eating
even though I got all my private stuff
upstairs like thing about me
why luxury is wasted on me because I
won't go to those private things I'll
just go to where like all my friends are
and that's usually not in private places
so yeah I am not mad about this right
now when you guys thing bus Singapore so
far grazie
dude it's the future and nature and IMET
are in the jungle it's so pretty like
avatar there you have it first an
academic response to Singapore you we're
heading to the and you were heading to
the thumb you did it said it said didn't
it get better fit this wiser thing I'm
gonna show you something else you could
blog a black burger what well you know I
got it straight for vlogging purposes
yeah that's us into stable white wonder
what like what is it I have a white fund
in the place they burn it so I'm gonna
go home to pick with you those Singapore
there's no there's very little
vegetarian options in Bergen that have a
veggie burger and this is the second
place I've gone when they have no
vegetarian option so much Jing the man
how about us your name huh
so it is a black choice alright so this
is the merge you can get on my shows
these posters mm-hmm look these shirts
all right so we're let's check out the
stage in Singapore we put it's a really
nice one so about to walk in right now
stalker
I only want to show you I don't even
want to show you what this is because if
you haven't seen the show
f it F but I'm going to show you what
I'm gonna show you were to show you the
Leafs putting on your face who's a
little bit stressed right now dozens
behind that's for sure that's only half
real question is how are you doing I'm
real really well how are you meet and
greet number eight number eight show
number eight Singapore I'm so excited
look I don't any jet lag my stomach's
not dying
I feel good besides my voice being
horrible these are all improvements
these are all improvements
I'm so excited about this and the stage
just got me so excited right now I'm a
little bit concerned about my jokes
translating to the Singapore audience
and hopefully they all get them but I
always ask all people backstage if they
understand what I'm talking about in my
jokes and so far so good unless they're
just being polite and be like I will see
so much nuts in my hair my hair so
naughty changes oh no
oh my bad I don't think I have a cold
either Oh connection big sigh first
thing about me
Oh check these cupcakes out hold on
I know she
wanna swing the vlog but if everyone's
Wilson won't happen Singapore
ah
this show ate Singapore as a wrap you
were beautiful and amazing well has sent
to talk to later after the show they're
attending Italy Italy but I got hurt I
heard from a basement that's how a lot
of us y'all make me feel special anytime
I'm drinking jazz Mimi hot water and
honey this is gonna be called the all
that jazz drink DL he's about to go in
on these cupcakes right now thank you so
much to ever gave these for the sandwich
to be a functional
robinus well you know I don't know what
you do like you don't know she's
essentially I want the hat you got I
think it's more me than you yeah the
4:01 like a fill me thank you so much
gonna grab your seat is something I can
borrow that's about ready to tip him to
true mmm my single thing true so it is
like midnight and I have asked the hotel
people if they can allow us to run to
the pool not close five hours ago just
for my private party of dance there's
Nick green so thanks to me at midnight
in Singapore oh oh oh wearing matching
kimonos optical another rose but like
come wanna looking rolls true follow
them
he's about to do this right now it's
kind of thing before this is pretty
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity I'm a
poet so basically everyone went went out
in didn't come swimming
we got priorities straight because now
we're done swimming we want to take this
hot bubble bath right now in our
beginning soon because the promoters
gave me some lush bath bombs that are
gonna like fizz and make it all follicle
this
that makes a bath literally I'm gonna
save that for another we're gonna say
that but I'm really sad about this
moment just come to drop the bomb we
don't drop the bomb right now well I'm
gonna get it okay but like see this is
gonna move into a flower because I
really like it going to know all right
you do that you two daughters you ready
guys good which we saw no I'm nervous
I'm nervous
watch nothing happening cool oh this is
the coolest thing ever
the back is think it's a Nicki Minaj
valises so cool Oh mg actually fizzing
that's actually the coolest thing ever
why have I not about these why do I not
have ten hundred these are down leave it
slush you told me that Yaxley last
hundred oh my god this is amazing
this screams Instagram pictures this is
why we can't enjoy life because amazing
things like this happened we have
temperatures of it yeah I'm okay it's
looks so cool it's a pink bag I am so
impressed with this and it smells
wonderful you know mm-hmm oh yeah let's
talk about this real quick
yeah it's happy the heaven that is this
situation do you see this flower yeah
this far away it's basically a boil
thing like I can this is the greatest
gift ever thank you so much yeah we
ain't the promotor pretty awesome
it'll never it my pants no should I took
like a 10-minute nap was look beautiful
that over life after the hot hot feet
soaking up word draws around on the
still we gotta be downstairs in 30
minutes to leave for a flight to Hong
Kong that's what we're gonna do I mean
he paints as a Mederma and my vlog here
thank you so much Singapore for being so
amazing um it's just amazing this is
such an amazing experience thank you so
so much
ah wait a honkin over bed I'm ray
excited continue joining me on my
adventures if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe if you
