my glasses yeah
Lakshmi he's on a plane ladies gentlemen
boys it's been dates like three and I
got stains on my shirt
this needs to last me like 30 days I
don't know what I think I'm doing and
you can help out by digging your
assigned seat as soon as possible
so this is like our yes third flight
you're on a roll - yeah I'm switching
and make me a therapist I just say
someone functioning heat even when
someone says no we can ask them how are
your girls it is unable to completely
empty garage
tired
reason to hope Joe Meaux choked on a
date you so shiny lost your passport for
a second time on the trip this is a
shiny what do you think about mom hey
how dare you might be fine I lost more
things like that Jane if you're matching
stupa you know the girl said a bunch of
the security guard who knows when to she
was like doing the like baby baby thing
or whatever and she was like team supa
all you all teams to fun uh-huh
worse accent Oh
okay when the hoedown really and I'm
like confused the fact that like we need
to like in two three hours go back to a
venue to do rehearsal like do what we
did yesterday all of my logic we had to
go back and form again for the rest of
our life for two months yeah it's like
such a weird feeling music performance I
go rest rest this is like oh we're gonna
go back to a venue verse yeah it's weird
man what
Casca what cool day - getting ready day
two and everybody being dead I want you
to start playing better choices made
prioritize sleep and eating quicker and
healthier and yeah we're gonna learn the
hard way
daily Costigan la da da da a silly
valley girl and George are again very
rare crap-rap-rap
reason dinner and people speak Punjabi
here so I can function like a normal
human being again so a Punjabi
restaurant
I won't called but basically and balloon
I feel at home the song enough playing
yes Gaston mad mucho cumbia it's like in
tennis let me show you right now yeah so
bomb ah
so the first game that people get dared
to do things and we guess eat a chili
pepper and he's going down
so enjoy drink
are you she was turning up being great
I'm so sleepy but it doesn't matter
disagrees happening
ah
yes
you where everyone's go Superman diamond
Oh
ah just finish the second show on my
world tour oh man it's so tiring and
it's so good all at the same time and
it's all the feels all the same time I
would perform here again tomorrow so we
gotta leave all our stuff here I had to
get some sleep go home sir can't you
soon yo so I got a few more people to
meet and greet check out this amazing
artwork it's so good so good
you can draw hands and make them look
good that's taught him though that's
tannin no oh my god
I was referring to you to do something
in the back no I said nothing I just
wanted you wave
in my minutes
so I'm lined up early because well I'm
tired I don't know I think you just need
a good friend right now no I'm I'm going
to be sick when all the food and fun was
up yeah so they're all still there I'm
making the responsible decision to go
back early and get some sleep
it's not to be responsible sometimes
though I still came out cuz I'm like
honestly I want to be left out
we're all partying I want to hang out
with them was Alicia's birthday it's all
good but now Michael you know what I
however I always feel like if you leave
a party early you rarely regret it yeah
I'm totally condemned going home I can't
sleep you avoid the hardness portion
yeah yeah I think it was going to that
way yeah true whoo the way I am excited
to sleep right now I cannot even express
I'm so tired and I get to sleep in a
little bit tomorrow I have a call time
of 2:30
doing an hour of interviews an hour of
rehearsal and our meet and greet and
then day number three show second show
and daily
but first sleep sleep sleep see my life
is a roller coaster my wildest dreams
are coming true you're all so amazing
what in my life I don't even know if you
still haven't got your tickets for UK
Australia Singapore and Hong Kong get
them now
tripled every Lewis intercom I see
tomorrow if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe bed bed bed
