say goodbye goodbye bye Casper can see
that adding to the effect that's Mia
we're leaving
I mean by officially that's it waiting
to Hyderabad I'm so tired of my voice is
officially but what about to get on this
bus and do the damn thing
world tour good news on this bus and
roll really really comfortable right now
I'm gonna come for a free on this bus
first class today
and full enjoyment
I'm so funny
I'm hungry and I'm sleepy and I don't
know what to do
you
other
I'll ever play all that my neck kills
how's your weave we was life
so time he's on the bus all the luggage
in the back and otherwise have other
sundar will don't move if it falls off
it's not gonna fall right in the other
things will happen I'm gonna believe it
no she's like this leakage I'm gonna put
on my interview it's about to do mom
what this light makes me look like et or
like this let makes me look like an
avatar we're busted my one Hyderabad
interview thank you
my voice is gone
high voice is gone me who is here and
who I just want to take on the rest of
towards me because this man well this
man like if this is the tour this
matters like
it's just amazing I freaking love him
this is our venue right now low screen
is quite big I did get it
others are rigging that's why this
little space but I want to anything
better on me and there's no yeah because
the banners are perfectly like yeah they
would go there there's no really really
pretty here today
this is Dhruv what's up and then you go
on and look at other people really soon
yeah this is like a really nice that
needs on its own well you can upload but
obviously I edit it first but it has
Wi-Fi built into it yeah its interests
in the camera again of course everyone
always like the camera is that very
pretty than you whoo and I think it's a
cyber bottom boy yes that's what it's
about success I knew gamma-gamma
oh wow wow there's none of the dancers
will be able to say that with me the
same as ever awesome oh wow you about to
do meet and greet show v mom is here
weekly the walls gonna take over the
vlog for a little bit hopefully shows
McCord herself for five minutes in terms
of the camera being on quality content
doing this yeah
we are to the meeting great we're up to
Oh
we
pay for lilies
okay so we're running late today I feel
like I just got heat stroke up a meet
and greet it was so hot and there's two
lights just beaming down on me and I was
like Susan meet me Regina as I tried to
throw up because I felt so sick oh I
feel so sick we got about 30 minutes
until I get Mike or maybe less than that
whoo
that feeling of not being ready but
going to do but having to do it anyways
is just becoming the norm now also
another note if you bought me angry
tickets and when you come to me if I'm
whispering like nice to meet please
don't take it offensively or that I'm
not excited to meet you I really need to
preserve my voice for onstage and if I
start speaking like a lot at me and
greets for the show my voice disappears
as it is right now so just to let you
know I'm very excited to meet you but I
might whisper just heads up well well
watch each other I know it's a rough one
getting it all going on our end and I
know you guys are all tired and it's a
tough stage out there but
you guys I know you got it for like five
hours
so five done and let me just tell you it
was so hot in this theater the AC did
not thinking all of us were struggling
were dripping sweat on stage was a
really hard shot to get through but we
pulled it we pulled through you pulled
it through barely did but we both
through and finally diapers show so far
yeah but it was brutal in terms of like
heat but it's all good
the venue was amazing the audience was
awesome so energetic we are only here
for a couple more hours and were flying
out to bang Lord my voice is also
officially Lily's sounds like a 13 year
old boy going to feel relieved I do
yeah I am definitely getting sick but I
am just going through my fingers and
someone gave me something really really
really really cute
it was a picture Selena Gomez and she's
wearing a necklace and on the back it
says I know how it is to be a fangirl
and they bought me the same necklace
she's wearing so cute so adorable thank
you all so much for your wonderful gifts
I'm I tried to take as much stuff back
with me as I can but obviously the world
tours I can't take all the huge posters
and everything so I was appreciate your
gifts but just if you really want to get
me something keep in mind that I can't
take big bags
Wow
drug myself up with some cold ease right
now and then new sequin like me to be
there so tired time as it is - oh my god
we got four hours of sleep I'm still
excited good three hours and 45 minutes
of sleep I'm so excited
the most we've got in a long time yes ah
but it was racial potential fire
fire yeah they're even women my Dillie
heard your bottom about five missiles so
far away learning to Banglore in a few
hours we have two shows and bang gone
with one day off
Oh excited and then writing to Singapore
Hong Kong City on garner tickets yet
triple double using tour come get it son
you think so weird leaving Indiana if
you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe have you like it subscribe
yeah
