we're in Dubai
but only for four hours we are almost at
Mumbai my ears plug you don't know how
loud I'm speaking was the second time of
it I'm in Dubai Airport it's gorgeous I
love the by I've never been here super
but hopefully the world tour it is one
of the stops hopefully fingers crossed
all right we gotta go through security
yeah yeah he's gonna leave us now
because she's flying - dili were a
second fly every - to do it again this
was me versus the only people we know
Google we know no one else no one else
we he's a pig or no but we're three and
a half hours removed from Indiana like
that being hyper for I'm very stressed
with first row but little thing the
things first show obviously as a tour
goes on like the second shows and
abettor the first a little better the
second by the last show we're going to
be like experts but the first show is
the biggest show so it's a little bit
bare with us it's still gonna be awesome
though gonna be awesome but obviously my
stress is kind of cool
all the flight attendants on the members
are mad about the letters I'm checking
them out I'm checking all mall girls
yeah everybody guess who's back
but back back again Lily's back but but
chill effing we just landed I can't hear
anything
wheezing Mumbai it's like 2:30 a.m.
yours are plugged people got a P a lot
going on right these two people
disappointed you and they're acting
shine others screaming grew seconds ago
unicorn cupcake look at this is a
unicorn on a cupcake yes the best ever
got your hotel a lesson dude listen dude
yeah
why don't welcome it's like 5:00 in the
morning we want to order some room
service and I'm going ham on this cake
in a jar right now eating all the
wonderful things my fans at the airports
give me tastes so good
wish I was chocolate filled like cookies
and cream heaven how good how good
uh-huh good amazing shiny is just like
peace oh sure yeah it is what time is it
7:00 7:29 a.m. we're waiting for foods
you can all go to sleep I take it out
he's been our so we're gonna take a nap
now no she didn't stay in my room
tonight because Anita's not here yet I'm
alone she's alone so alike sleepover
party
um and I'm gonna wake up and have our
first table my I didn't know where my
vlogs and in starkville church on the
view I do know where my blogs end and
start these days but this butyl hey what
up what up
let's see you after a nap for our first
day Mumbai good gone closes curtain all
the way to because we've all wake up no
I know but did you do you saw that baby
I saw it was nice and are we gonna win
oh you know you get a basket baby Mia
I'm gonna get up on album sitting
besides you enough like baby I'm gonna
get up on his the Hong Kong show babe
babe I'm gonna missing a poor Hong Kong
to my peas heading to the seamstress to
do seaming stiffness and stuff and my
name is Simone okay how adorable is
Micky like Motel adorable he is I've
gotten to be my siblings so cute my job
and all these people's be my kids
there's my kids now and after I'm like
mother unicorn mother
take care of them forever what's
happening erotica pyro and his unicorn
looking prepping all day all day all
that boys are so handsome they are I
just tie everyone how to cross the
street in India how'd your first Street
class name frnd weird scary rap lady I'm
right now cuz it seems just didn't work
out so we're gonna wait some Punjab Girl
hey when my comedy sense I say that
three things transcend borders wrestling
Justin Bieber and Beyonce
just saying just saying when job makes a
these putting imageries now I was really
just here
I don't even remember where I've logged
where I stopped blogging where I started
long or anything so sad my vlog now I do
might be like two clips my plate 20 I
don't remember at all
um technically it's the 18th technically
my first shows tomorrow I am feeling so
many things that I'm not feeling
anything else it's like I'm just numb
I'm just like I think that all changed I
think I need to remember that it's like
I have confirmed 17 shows right now and
my brain is just one I'm like oh my
first show my first show but like I'm
gonna do this seven nights and row after
that as I've never done that before so I
just don't even know what to expect and
I just want to be really good and I want
all them to sell out and I ah there's
just so many things to think about and
feel but I'm gonna go to bed for now
because I got to wake up and do some
last-minute costume stuff and tomorrow
is just my day to get in the zone and
just make it happen
so thank you for following me on another
adventure if you are watching this and
it is not the 19th year and you live in
Mumbai you Soph trying to get tickets
unless they're sold out which there's
still a few left right now triple-double
you loosing tour comm tickets for the UK
are going on sale today as well so
there's still tickets for UK Hong Kong
Australia Singapore grab your tickets I
mean awesome show I cannot wait for you
to see it if you liked it subscribe if
you like and subscribe if you're like I
subscribe
