the need for sleep is too real right now
but the need to hustle is realer morning
I got an hour and a half two hours of
sleep I am late right now because I
slept in 20 minutes while not supposed
to but I'm headed there
my body's broke up I got my breakfast
come with my mom she's so great she's
doing all my shopping for me I gave her
a list of everything he's doing
everything she's helping me so much um
last day of tech just got to power
through he's got a power through it
power through it the sleepiness is too
real right now tutorial this is Nick
he's gonna be on the road with us he's
an AV guy so everything that sounds
wonderful looks wonderful on the screens
it's this guy he's gonna kill it he's
awesome he's so good in front of cameras
too so he's gonna take over my vlog soon
and this is mrs. thought makes a good
pillow hi I'm back I'm back at it bro
we're gonna make some we're gonna make
some movies today right yeah and some
dancing yeah
no we're not gonna make anything yeah
I'm not making any sleep either
and I'm looking dude this is Diego you
guys not yes Diego okay
Diego's muscles look at them click the
thumbs up for da girls muscles and ready
victims up that's one you two men don't
don't be like that don't hate okay
thumbs up my dollies people think I'm
playing I'm the thing I'm thinking I'm
not buying out all those moments where I
wasn't stressed have spirit I'm so
stressed I am back to being stressed I
just things are going wrong like I need
my computer to work my computer stopped
working the one day dad stopped working
is today it's just a lot of things are
like I'm not trying to see anything a
lot of things are like just stress but
we're gonna do it we're gonna pull
through with a persevere in my dressing
room right now go to costumes and stuff
and we're leaving we're leaving tomorrow
and I have impacted it okay I got I
wrote these hats so unicorn on them
nothing for all the dancers we finished
her so J I do not feel good about her so
a lot of things went wrong all my
costumes are wrong I did a horrible job
so totally stressed there's a lot of
other issues that arisen a reason arose
or come up and I'm a little bit like a
dude but it's matter cuz I'm putting
all-nighter banking some videos going
home packing and we're going to India
tomorrow hell yeah that's what's
happening there's no turning back now I
destroyed the most of Simone somehow is
Optimus Prime and transform so I'm a
different person to a different person
which put your hair down
oh yeah she's so adorable she saw her oh
she's the kid look at her
Justin Bieber process yeah you look like
a totally different person it's so weird
alright so we're leaving tomorrow the
last time we're gonna see the Toronto
skyline for a little bit so pretty but
bars
let me think so let's try taking a
selfie ok I don't know what I did last
my vlog all I know was I knocked all
last night when I wasn't supposed to
have to leave for the airport in 6 hours
I have impact have made a video didn't
do a livestream can't breathe
vlogs are merging together it's ok
someone have someon chaos so case to the
situation that's ok I just I got smile
on my face today's the day we're going
to unicorn Island but first we have to
go to the PL box because it's called you
sent me wonderful things you would ask
me forever to to check on so that's what
I'm doing yeah and it's over flowing and
Lily's getting in trouble because she
hasn't picked it up in a while so she
apologizes but I don't just got tell my
command do me yes no maybe I don't have
a visa yet and I'm supposed to be in
India with Lily partying one of my
personal objectives for this trip is to
somehow meet moody I'm sorry if I'm
saying that wrong Prime Minister of
India I want to meet him I don't wanna
cuz he's actually changed a lot of the
visa process he understands the hard is
gonna be so he's trying to actively
change that but obviously a lot of
moving parts but I want to express him
how difficult it is to do business in
India every time I want anything I love
going fans of social support is so great
but it's so extremely difficult to go
and get a visa and the process to do
anything there is just so tedious and
long and ridiculous so a lot of our crew
can't come because the visa situations
and India's the only place that's
difficult to get a visa for so kind of
sucky but we still love you India of
course we do that's why we go through
the process
so we'll see maybe I'll maybe I'll see
you in like a week or two or three or
four or five or so she's gonna miss you
won't miss it too don't know Scott makes
wicked you to be like wicked wicked
videos like the best views I've ever
seen maybe a link will be in description
what is that what is the link uh my
channel is youtube.com slash Scott DW
cuz that's my name is like christmas
came early and still going look at homie
yeah yeah yeah my homie right here loom
house I lose my house ah
as I check my fan no ah this is real
cuz I'm hyperventilating I'm so
terrified right now after all the stuff
we're taking this is a legitimate thing
that's happening right now I'm feeling
all the emotions I feel so bittersweet
I'm very excited but I'm like I'm never
nervous if you blast me I'm nervous I'm
like nah man I was born ready but I'm I
give my friends like I'm really nervous
I'm really really freaking scared I am
terrified right now this is this is this
is difficult for me huh
so I'm that one pound over chase was
like four pounds over he was like four
pounds like Keanu was like maybe five
pounds over shinies twenty five pounds
over higher for that hair people hectic
we're saying goodbye
everybody's saying goodbye to their
families mommy daddy you sing good boy
I'm really sad I usually don't get along
right but I'm looking really emotional
right now my mom say bye to my blog for
a while yeah bye bye Lilly having fun
and good luck and I know you're gonna do
better okay so we all got middle seats
but we switched up to make this I'm a
no-show we say
oh my god let's end the vlog now we're
gonna end the vlog we run away to Mumbai
like 12 hours got a four-hour stopover
in Dubai another three hours from there
it's real it's happening to provide
world tour
it should happen this is epic if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you haven't got your
tickets yet a link in the description if
you like it subscribe
