who's here hey hey surprise they're very
surprised so we're gonna go upstairs and
we're gonna go look at some of these
dancers there's this one girl I think
we're gonna have to cut my name's uh
Lily okay so he's gonna break the news
to her that she does not dancing well
enough he's not dancing she's mad she
just left this energy to not being very
unicorn not at all so this guy we're
gonna this is the yard of firing people
you have to be very sensitive when you
fire people yeah
so you do that right now are usually
need to take the part I say I'm sorry
you're not keeping up with the rest of
them okay where is she oh yeah I need to
see this
oh that's my cookie
is that not sexy
all right really let her know so we've
had an executive decision we use on the
constant
practicing she's so beautiful
so this teacher is also freezing I'm
about to do sound check right now my
first-ever sound check this is we're
practicing today everyone's mad on point
with stuff and stress levels are high
that's okay because we're gonna it's
okay because we're gonna do it so in an
odd turn of events
Lily actually asked me to take over her
blog because she's busy and she can't do
it I normally take over her vlogs but
I'm not allowed to now that she's giving
me permission I just don't know what to
do no she's having a professional
meeting
that's just being unprofessional okay
you also look at this view I know lilies
already showed you guys some on the
stage but I can't show you what's on the
stage because I saw top-secret video and
sound everything from the show wish I
could be there right there
stop this is exciting yeah we're not to
show them anything no but we we didn't
talk about it we can talk about it guys
and this is the first round reversals
does it look like we're outside looks
like we're in a big that were in a
really big dancers are just wait a
moment so I can I can I thought Kanye
was to gently massage it cool here
just finished rehearsal for the day I
gotta show you the beautiful Toronto
view I'm sorry for the dark but I gosh
IV i v-i right here it got so cold our
nor again I feel a lot better after Jays
rehearsal seeing the show seeing
everything happen it's still a lot of
work to be done but I mean I'm not
crying and breaking down so that's
that's a start welcome to LA City just
finished rehearsal for the day I got to
show you the beautiful Toronto view I'm
sorry for the dark my gosh it's so cold
or nor again I feel a lot better after
channel seeing the show seeing
everything happen it's still a lot of
work to be done but I mean I'm not
crying and breaking down so that's a
start welcome to our city that's what's
up
cold my necklace still going strong
killing it I am NOT stressed I will do
this I will persevere damn it I'm gonna
do so much work right now then we'll
wake up really early and go back to
rehearsal because I'm gonna freakin do
it six oh six am still going strong
almost done doing everything you have to
do go is strong
yeah going strong yeah I need to like
wake up in like three hours though so
I'm trying to wrap this up and like the
next 20 minutes see ya got yo so at 7
a.m. my mom is the best I told her that
I need to pack and all the way to pack
because I need to see all my clothes so
I told to lie all my clothes out this is
a ridiculous looking well all of my
clothes are lied across my house like in
piles so I can see everything for one
after pack tomorrow night check it out
okay goodnight
I'm gonna sleep for two hours or one and
a half hours and tomorrow is the last
day of rehearsal the last day in Toronto
and no wait the last day I'm leaving
Friday night but the last day of
rehearsal and then that's it I'm going
on tour what is happening oh my god it's
too real if you haven't got your tickets
yet triple W Lilly Singh tour calm Hong
Kong is 80% sold out Mumbai is 80% sold
out Melbourne is sold out Singapore I
think is 85% sold and a lot of them more
than 80% sold off ranges so grab your
tickets ASAP if you liked it subscribe
if you like it subscribe if you like it
and are excited and uh it subscribe
