it's show day you have a Roche for
breakfast right into the airport sorry
my vlogs again kind of merge together
with days I missed so many time zones
there won't be like definitive days so
this is still yesterday's vlog or
today's vlog whatever you consider I'm
so in a state of like numbness where I
don't even understand what's happening
right now I had so much fun on stage I
was really happy but like I was really
scared about just like being stressed
and not enjoying it at all but I did and
now just non-stop I don't keep saying
you're but I get so non-stop I'm so
excited
I've never performed in Dili we're
heading to Deline it's just I love all
the dancers and I love the crew and I
love that Chase and ocean air with
mirrors such a good feels good feels if
you haven't bought tickets to show you a
triple-double indistinct or calm you got
to see it you got a got to see it i'ma
head to the airport
another adventure continues if you liked
it subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe we'll talk later
but we're going to do our first may
agree all this is irrelevant cuz I'm
much meaningful that I wonderful that's
what my focus is gonna go this is like
my break of the day of anything because
like I love all these people here we go
ah
oh my god you crazy and I still do name
I speed up my kuchi kuchi very maybe on
three one two very worst thank you so
much I appreciated
dude overwhelm very happy but very tired
very tired isn't like how many my RS
show show starts five or just one and a
half goes in movie
sorry alright
jazz amazing assistant and hairstylist
burning applying my hair
here's bomb the nerves are real person
go out there me angry went great
definitely drain me some energy but no
choice or to go out there my ashy
armpits and go get it done well dd-don't
well you you should be proud you should
be and give nothing but your best right
whoa say something hey hi
it's it's Vinny said a few minutes ago
he tell anyone are you excited I'm doing
everything I can back there so
i you know nick is literally dealing
with another that's the most important
thing to mess up what happens okay
so they're like - screaming yeah do you
know there I don't know huh yeah what
yeah a lot and I love with the farm
theme they pure crowd participation
Illustrated oh no man is perfect
lastly I was really good well you should
someone has an omission it's like a
zombie movie right now into banging on
the windows can't hear them and I
haven't left two haven't left the venue
yet I'm showdown a seven year old we
gotta catch it wait you gotta be the
lobby by 5:30 a.m. let's go go go from
here
Daniel allies II don't even know how to
spell words you'll see that
it's
oh my god yeah imagine what they see
what we see I know like I want to be in
the audience
wait but yeah yay so we're gonna go back
we're gonna pack when you eat then we're
gonna get on the flight that's gonna be
our life for the next a little bit so
it's like how do I take all the gifts
home jazz is such a good job today by
the way she held it down she also cried
multiple times I'm just so happy for you
she's a good job we had some stressful
woman's but we held it down that's fine
that's good it was amazing sure you
didn't read some common things is that
something tasty hey I lost who I get
lost okay I did the first show a world
tour ah
there definitely some hiccups there's
one video hiccup I forgot choreo in a
few different places like I feel like I
recovered pretty well before first Shaw
is very happy with how it went and
everyone seemed to really really really
like it so you have a Roche for
breakfast right into the airport sorry
my vlog to kind of merge together with
days I missed so many time zones there
won't be like definitive days so this is
still yesterday's vlog or today's vlog
whatever you consider I'm so in a state
of like numbness where I don't even
understand what's happening right now I
had so much fun on stage I was really
happy about like I was really scared
about just like being stressed and not
enjoying it at all but I did and now
it's nonstop I don't keep saying you're
bugging it's so non-stop I'm so excited
I've never performed in Dili we're
heading to Deline it's just I love all
the dancers and I love the crew and I
love that chase and ocean air with
mirrors such a good feels good feels if
you haven't buttocks to show you a
triple-double yeah let's sing for calm
you got to see it you gotta gotta see it
I'm gonna head to the airport another
adventure continues if you like and
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
