oh I'm headed to chase friend's house to
get designs of my pants that I need for
some things is that English I need to
get pants made basically that's where
I'm going right now
I'm gonna have practice and Simone and
autumn are coming back from New York in
all types of places so everyone in the
crew is gonna be here today so it's
realer than it's ever been
there's still so much that needs to be
done I want to see so much I'm not even
thinking about all the stuff I actually
have to do which is like laundry pack
sleep nothing about any of those things
but I'd want to blog and drive for too
long so I'll speak to you soon
yo so I just had my fitting for my drop
crotch pants for one of the fits any and
that's when I chased his friends she
actually performed with us for YouTube
FanFest use when the dancers I go in
she's like this was a 30 minute break of
the day like I have to go teach I have
to go do a bunch stuff so my 30 minute
break
figure out my pants then I was okay so
like when can have him done like I need
him tomorrow Brannigan's law and social
response she's like don't worry I will
do whatever I have to do to get them
done by tomorrow and they'll be done by
tomorrow and I was like I appreciate
that response so much I appreciate you
as a person I like you now I'm just
going to always this stuff done for
people that hustle like that that's what
I need right not to say things when you
a lady should get it off my mind yeah
it'll be done or not a billion reasons
as to why I can't be done or a billion
reasons as to why shouldn't I just need
things to be off my mind and a response
like it'll be done tomorrow and I'll do
everything I have to do to get it done
that's that's that's the response love
lava war and love
look at that really cool the scene
towers disappearing into the sky cuz so
foggy I thought that was cool wanted to
share that this long is me so
sentimental
Wow sweat practice an hour and a half
early to get some work done in practice
extra hard I'm eating the salad like
seven days in a row that's still good
I'm still I'm still going strong we
still good there's onions in it though
and while stank up the place to do oh my
god we need to know dances game done so
judges auditions so just looking at some
of the dancers right now so that girl in
the black shirt she's probably going to
get cut that was pretty cool but even
though the dance
everyone knows the dance except for her
so she's gonna get cut we're gonna
replace it started the show right now is
practice I sweat a lot in a lot in a lot
this shows really hard it's really hard
wasn't really good it's really hard and
we're really good so that's situation
Rena Oh
so I just finished an hour of interviews
on the phone and now I'm going to some
bar thing because chase have no she
decides like a going-away thing and I
never said I was going but apparently is
my going away too but I didn't go cuz I
stayed back in practice and good work
but now I'm just go quickly say hi to
everyone but haven't pretty much any
left but um so Tobin and like deep
they're like waiting there for me to say
bye to and I was like oh I think
buzz cuz they just planned it and I
think it's Marcel for them I think they
just like what jazz is here does just
I'll run through of the show Jeff's what
you think I loved it I teared up at the
end she doesn't she's sighs I don't know
you know I actually did I was all like
oh my gosh oh I feel kind of special
that emotional yeah just cares about me
sometimes so deep they'll wait for me I
never did Tobin so sweet ending on me
hard is a real big this is how I look
right now
I can leave we need to leave for videos
I don't know why I'm here okay I know
why I love these people but it's 5:30
gotta leave the house 8:40 I wear the
same clothes every day it's the notion
he's at my house my face shirt
innovation I mean I'm gonna go to sleep
now this is makeup it's not raccoon ish
I love my eyes if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I don't even know how you do
you think today's vlog I'm sorry if my
vlogs are crying up this is what I'm
doing this is my life this is an ocean
