I am dead
I'm at the photo shoot at out of the
morning it's pretty cool it's the cover
of a magazine called Canadian business
magazine I'm just so tired
just finish my shoot okay race the
sickest nails everything's nails they
gave me come on come on Canadian
business magazine coming up soon I'll
let you know all the information soon
now here's Marshall my seconds to buy
sup so I was really fun shoe type
they're really fun to work with and I
appreciate that because I'm so tired
first cover the magazine now I got not
very long at all to get to my next shoot
which is a promo shoot for tour no rest
for the wicked though I just fall asleep
in quit life should I do it yeah so we
just finished our shoot it was so hot
it's official next summer in the TDOT
and we're wearing these thick onesies
all babe I'm sorry my car is just I
decide I'm spending all Saturday
cleaning my car my room because so much
of my stress is created for me now
finding things and just like yeah I need
to I have to Daniel yeah awesome shoes
so hot it was like we're dying but like
a great is what yeah right in the eat
and we introduced you to my girls on the
unicorn squad this right here is from
other such blogs and generally my life
this is Kiana oh they look great hi
where do I look real though this is
shiny who I sometimes called Oceana and
that instantly correct myself I never do
you go to my YouTube were Bollywood
video it's gonna be so good and the boys
over there do some stuff like nobody got
time for that
this guy right here look at this guy
pretending like he's taking a poop in
India and then what
so we just round with practice chase
doing such a good job you're doing
really good am I
a little behind but you know a little
bit that's okay well we could be more
behind bye take care um no my thing is
I'm gonna need y'all to cheer really
loud in between segments so I can catch
my breath like I've heard on dancing
like Cher for five whole minutes so just
speak for five whole minutes it's a very
unique today I recorded a video with
other people in the room Scott and I'm
we're all one to shoot me if shooting my
video it was really awkward but I did it
so if I seem a little awkward in my new
video that's why I'm gonna sleep now and
I call at 10:00 attendez I can do the
call from beds I'm happy about that I
want to see if you stop you gotten your
tickets for a chick dude what island
what are you waiting for the link is in
the description shop with WI losing tour
calm I'm go to sleep now love you leave
you leave me love you thank you for
joining me on another day and I'll see
you tomorrow
