chaos so my yesterday's vlog ended in
absolute chaos I wish my counted this
morning it wasn't Pleasant I hate go
into my account and I do not enjoy it at
all everything was unpleasant and I came
home and these people were just at my
house literally outside of my house and
I've just decided they're not officially
part of my life and it should be
everywhere so it's cool and I should a
conference call to discuss a whole bunch
of cool trip to unicorn Island social
stuff which I'm very excited about and
I'm like slowly learning that these
people are like so professional and they
like know stuff I've been working on my
tour knows stuff it's great when people
know stuff and now jazz on the way over
and I'm in a GTR on the way over and
it's shooting videos videos videos and
before they come which is in like four
seconds I have a billion things to do
but first we shall eat salad salad for
all you want some salad
you don't want salad for everybody you
get salad you it's a salad for everybody
who's here can't get enough fun these
boys doe doctor show you the Ozias here
Olivia my love makeup she's in my house
my worlds are merging right now okay so
we're going upstairs to shoot the other
half of the intro video which I hope you
guys like cuz it's taking a lot of work
my room is so messy and everyone's gonna
see my bras that's just all downhill you
want to know how overwhelmed I am right
now
I just almost used mascara as concealer
just take that in for a minute just take
that in bourbon yeah this is 4 a.m. i
barely vlog today I feel that vlogging
today for a few reasons one I'm doing so
many secretive things that I don't want
to put a vlog so yeah I also misplaced
my vlogging camera for a long time
because every room of my house a
disaster prepping for the tour and
thirdly I've just had a really emotional
day this is a pimple as I was happening
right now this is a pimple forming just
how to have had a very stressful
emotional day where I don't feel
completely balanced with my energies if
you will so
since I was such a short vlog I'm going
to not end it and go to sleep and I'm
just continue around tomorrow it'll be
two days merge together I guess tomorrow
I have my first practice I have another
video shoot in the morning and then I
have my first practice so should be
exciting
I'll see you tomorrow morning so today
we're shooting a very important video
for my tour it is like a sentimentally
inspirational video quite heavy hearted
I'm sorry Ethan Altima here I woke up
and Scott and I were already here so the
day has started whether I like it or not
and they all probably think I'm a sloth
because the degree to its mouse is messy
is just not acceptable but judge me so
the good news is it's like a summer
outside and so ha the bad news is
Toronto traffic Doh I don't you can see
just goes on forever long in life but
the first practice jazz is one of the
dancers now we decided yeah I've always
been a dancer we talked about I
auditioned with everything I went up I
was like oh that's that's the standard
of my tour right there my tickets right
now like they instantly saw me and
they're like Oh
what's up so I just got home it is 12 13
a.m. I had a call regarding props that's
why I'm so late and now I have one
complete hour of interviews so late
because it is Australian time so I'm
gonna do that for an hour
um hopefully rap by 1:30 then from 1:30
a.m. to 3:00 I got a record a song then
you for tomorrow shoot and then after
that from like three to five they
haven't want to try to sing I'm gonna
try to make tomorrow's video I do have
to be up at like 8:30 a.m. I have a
photo shoot in the morning and then I
have a shoot right after for five hours
and I have practice right after for four
hours let's start these interviews let's
do it
I am feeling stressed overwhelmed is
sleepy but so so excited alright I'm
dead on it should be three or four on my
sickness is really kicking on right now
my nose you keep your whining and the
boogers it's running as if they're in a
marathon um there's 109 got one more to
go and this one's like a Google hangout
and I'm like a Google whoo-hoo oh wow
you absolutely killed my throat
recording the song but did it I mean
it's 2:34 a.m. which means I finished 30
minutes before scheduled um and now
comes a tired but I said I was gonna do
my video for tomorrow I didn't do a
video on Monday so that's the attempt
that's happening right now
even if I shoot it even if I shoot it
you know what can I do
so data labels is awesomeness Hannah my
darling Hannah heart sends heart cookies
to people that she thinks are doing good
stuff so she sent me a box of cookies
and they're like so precious I'm gonna
take them tomorrow for the team and she
sent me a customized what are you raise
the coolest thing ever
what IV i v-i me love my parents unicorn
freaking amazing
I'm saving this until the 15th where I
can cheat and break and break my diet
with this so on the 15th right here on
the 15th I am breaking my diet I just
told myself I would do it up until the
day we leave and you might think that is
make any sense while we do it until the
day you leave we'll just do it more than
that it's because I'm not trying to kill
myself I'm doing it through practices
and everything but I'm very aware once I
get on the plane I'm not going to be
able to have my specific salads and
traveling is not going to happen and I'm
not going to starve myself to death so
once again on that plane 15 I'm allowed
to eat in moderation still healthy but
like I'm a lot of stuff for that cookie
being consumed consumed oh my god i'ma
get away get away get away came again I
almost touched a spider I can't go I
opened that drawer there's ice but my
hand was this close to the spider spider
the spider tried to kill me
to go set myself on fire right now yo
just a shower
definitely the sickness I need to take
some meds right now um didn't make a
video but I'm gonna go to sleep and
hopefully make one tomorrow writer so
regret it tomorrow but I feel like I
might regret even more in the morning if
I don't make if I don't wake up it's too
much of a long day for me to pull it all
nighter like I'll just die halfway of
the day so hopefully at some point
tomorrow I can make a video yeah oh yeah
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
