is a monumental moment we just had a
meeting and Sarah seeing the husband
first and time oh I don't remember the
last thing I vlog was um I think it was
Sarah at my house after that I took a
nap because I kept falling asleep doing
everything my rabbit episode I was like
 stupid I take a nap I'm had a
 haul with Chase and Oh sh t and
jazz for the next three days today
tomorrow and the day after I'm doing
all-day video shoots this is the only
one that was half day tomorrow's all day
next day's all day a lot of stuff to
prepare for luckily I got a solid team
and I'll sentimental moment you'll
honestly I noticed this before but I'm
sit right here and talk to you my voice
is all I have a lot of like really great
people in my life and although like I
love them my ideas then you know the
correct the creativity is all mine like
I would not be able to execute these
ideas if it wasn't for like humble and
jazz and like accent I don't know if you
extremely it was my first ever manager
and you just like everyone just like
always holds down like sandy and like
Rick and Jim know chasing everyone just
like hold it down so hard you Nam really
everyone came out to support last night
and a fan fest and all just watching the
video of the fan fest performance it was
just like so many people out there
supporting my parents my sister and
they're just so there for me and this is
a great feeling I'm so so grateful even
today's shoot like humbles come to help
jazz come to help it's just it's good
man it's we got a good circle of people
and it's good I'm very lucky and I'm
very very blessed um I need to eat
something I need a shower this is yes
still my makeup from last night so gross
but like my priority was sleep I'm sorry
I knocked fo but I did watch Game of
Thrones before I slept I know a leisure
thing because please new coming on today
I'm gonna miss it again okay I'll watch
it tonight I guess if I'm not dying but
that situation right now I'm gonna go
clean my bad Chi and matheus so the
clues here about you some videos
without you so dark it's not because of
you it's kinda like a nuisance I swear I
swear a bunch of go over stuff some what
I've done I'm also eating up in here
still going strong
it's a great thing about this is
everyone's taking on new role what's
your role today you're kind of like at
this stage manager like asset manager
kind of guy
yes I am PA to Quality Control to either
of snacks in between nice and jazz is
new new puzzle were looking for
she's just been told to make sure my
child doesn't die in the process of
these things and she's being Optimus
Prime today today I'm always an optimist
primates otaku by developers pride wait
are you talking about yeah she's always
on my games pretty she's pretty good on
our game in there except sometimes if
she's not okay hit them on how cute and
bother this mug isn't it so cool when
it's got obsessive massage I mustache
and then okay I'm waiting with you guys
I'm Way too good for you guys
oh they're such a cute couple you broke
my nose and you threatened me with bugs
she's lame
hey that's fun but then she came back
and she put the foodies of the bug on me
so we just got home it's 2:30 a.m. I
didn't blog much today because I want to
show you the stuff I'm shooting it
surprises I'm right now my great friends
have lunch I'm gonna help me take my
to take out amen
chief Suh fellas everybody doesn't hide
because we happy no no but I betrayed my
friends effect of my friends oh it's
gonna be a long two weeks yeah see the
thing on my nose though not my fault and
you're going for me the time jazz broke
my nose that's the time I broke my
teamwork making the dream work since 10
minutes ago tanks tanks struggles to
wheel right now it's 5:20 and those were
tired I have to wake up I ate so I'm
gonna sleep I have an interview in the
morning my voice have gone again I have
an interview in the morning with the New
York Times and then I got a head all day
video shoot
however my tour people from LA have
landed in Toronto and I mean I'm gonna
meet so many of them tomorrow
it's so real it's so real it's also
video date tomorrow I can't forget it's
video day I'm gonna get by 2 or 3 hours
of sleep that I'm gonna get and I will
see you tomorrow thank you for joining
me another day don't forget if using
Australia Singapore or Hong Kong tickets
for a trip to unicorn Island are still
on sale information is in the
description
grab them grab and grab them if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
