Oh
morning I slept in all the time say my
phone's through this new thing where my
alarm doesn't work and I'm not just
saying that legitimately I wake up I
like 10 a.m. and my 9 a.m. alarm is
still on and set ready to go I'm just
like you did not go off so my phone
keeps doing that thought I was wrong
with it um I managed to practice I slept
until like 2 3
got some good see my body's broken but
yo I'm not tired that's good this is mom
yeah mom you had to do her interview for
the tour doc they officially just live
with me now they're just here all times
I don't mind I like them shows you these
cookies for the dancers yeah keep up
yeah why why did you bring the fridge
yeah I'm headed to practice that just
like a total nerd hey I hope Artie
really hurts today I keyed my car a
little bit so I decided to get my life
together slowly and slowly in terms of
things being everywhere so the car is
one step better I'll show you okay so
get this tell me if this is not like
problems from back in the day somehow
someway someone stole a bike from my
garage Oh still steals bikes does that
still happen
I do I guess one of us left the garage
eyeball or shooting or doing something
and someone stole one of the bikes who
who does why why would you do that why
anyways my car may seem like it's messy
stove was actually very clean compared
to what it used to be so I'm feeling
good I'm gonna take this cold medicine
are we on our way to practice practice
y'all talking about practice
this is Mickey he's one of our unicorns
that's so John is not only the best
stage manager he's a lighting tech and
look at these things he's showing me all
these things he knows these things like
the sorts of fun colors the fun colors
to make Lily and the team look people
who know things I appreciate you so much
substance practice feeling good I won't
put in practice excessively second I
think I was just way too hot but the
weather's gotten real hot and I think my
body's just like what is going on here
I'm headed home I'm feeling good because
I have the whole night to do work I
don't know that sounds really weird but
like I don't post a video I don't do any
things I could just edit and do things I
need to do that's a good feeling for me
stop feeling good feeling excited I mean
I'm working really hard on the show all
I hope now is that y'all come and enjoy
it that's all I can hope for now so
we're heading home from downtown do I
need guess I'm sleeping outside downtown
oh man I just finished intro of one of
the videos for the tour I love it it's
so funny at the time is 346 and I'm so
cold and shivering I think we're asleep
now tomorrow I got a 3-hour interview
with the documentary peeps cuz they want
a one-on-one confessional interview type
of thing so that's gonna happen and then
we're so every single day I'm a guy
reversal from five to ten tomorrow
I said go over the dances in my hair
before I sleep but four times but that's
the plan just drink out of my fancy
water bottle hold on a second
so frenzy is off Kenzi
I'm gonna go obviously else hmm yeah
have this sniffles and I don't want them
anymore take them take them from me
um everything's going great the show's
coming along I mean I'm still yet to
comb through my script properly when I
figure I want to do all the other
housekeeping because I need to do
because those like have to be done for
tech rehearsals whereas I can cope with
my script even like on my own time like
on the plane and like before like I have
a lot of time to do that stuff a lot of
videos need to be edited still for it
because I'm trying to make it like a
story like from beginning to end flowing
flowing show you know what I mean so
there's a lot of transitional videos and
things I need to happen I need to think
I think I need to record audio for a few
things as well the mix needs to be
mastered still other things too need to
happen but I'm feeling good I need to
really really really practice my dancers
all the other dancers are so good and I
don't look bad so yeah we're working on
it it's coming along and my everything
is going into it so you haven't grabbed
tickets yet grab your tickets triple W
Lilly Singh tor.com more places to be
announced soon hopefully soon yeah I'm
gonna sleep thanks for joining me on
another day I'm so if I don't flog that
much like there's not a lot of clips and
not showing you a lot of things I want
you to be a surprise and I wanna you do
it I want it to be a surprise okay if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I feel like I've have got
actually low if you actually like it
though like a hack please subscribe
