well that was a nice nap got two hours
of sleep
two-and-a-half fish I'll sleep my room
is very cold they bought me this
portable heater so I'm just following
making it follow me around the room I'm
headed to my interviews flow
it isn't about 30 minutes so I'm gonna
head out the door that I feel that I'm
going straight to the press conference
and then after that hopefully before
dance practice I can get to nap so
basically my strategy now is just to
take a nap at every possible opportunity
that's the game plan it's like I'm at
war and I need to strategically plan
this ish out already this early in the
morning means maybe do it a Mane to make
this man the fancy studio and it was the
morning look at that it's all coming
together very nicely I sound like a man
in the mornings just fishing my
interview it was awesome oh my god it's
awesome and they're really fun and cool
and funny story they actually came to my
high school when I was in high school
and actually came to my high school and
I'm a fan girl like fangirling over them
because I was younger I was like oh my
god you guys are in the video that's so
cool and tried talking to that but they
were really busy I had to run somewhere
else so I really remember them when you
guys came it was really cool
and so when the email me was like oh my
God my life is coming around such full
circle and I just told him like when I
was younger you in high school
and I thought it was so cool I really
want to talk to you guys be friends and
they I did funny how things work I had
this press conference right now I'm a
douchebag wearing sunglasses and I'm so
tired
he's all here all the people I just saw
New York these over there she's just
like everywhere
I'm not mad about it though
who's derelict switch on pointing
it's really done I didn't expect this to
be this long actually smiling all set up
so every place to place to place to
place to introduce I'm really fine um it
is really hard for you to stay on but we
were trying to do and we're doing it
well who YouTube YouTube people's got me
better together a salad because they
love me and they care about my stomach
eating food therefore work Springs who
so tired but I was telling sorry sorry
sorry very sorry
I call her different every time I feel
like in my most humble opinion one of my
talents is turning it on I'm very it was
with I agree it on or I mean taken
Heidi's one of the people that put the
mic on he their tape ripped my jacket
and that was very unpleasant obviously
I'm super unicorn so I was like well
it's okay but I was like dying inside my
favorite jackets now I'm headed to I'm
in the dance studio
we're having dance practice for
tomorrow's performance to mom not
dancing with too much on stage but I
should know the choreo just to like
certain parts oh is that dance practice
both fan base it's gonna be awesome
it's actually really good I'm not you
really excited you were practicing it
like I've known for music so much fun
huh - Arlene Jensen
oh he's gonna be the next happy cute
movie yeah the sandy show what's under
the Adventures of Sandy today we're
gonna go make some shirts yes in my
performance you're talking about YouTube
FanFest Toronto Lily so stressed out
about all the she's doing she
forgot her vlog camera there's a
wonderful time for us to get better
acquainted learn how to hold a vlog
camera properly and I'll put it up my
nose will your sanity sure so we ordered
the t-shirts and now you're gonna go
meet Lily for it's my thumbs in the way
we're gonna meet Lily for a sound check
check the stage out at which point I
feel Lily's gonna realize if she hasn't
realized yet that she doesn't have her
block him and it's been like two hours
the stage
right
you know so I definitely fell asleep and
now I'm heading home it's 9:00 yeah I'm
back at my hotel I'm just stuck in my
pocket mr. Boogedy
come on come on yeah got it um I just
went home to pick up some stuff I'm back
at my hotel now jazz is on her way she's
gonna also stay here because we got
stuff early drone meat morning I got my
meet up early I'm very excited about
right now I got a call with my lighting
designer and that's the cool thing with
my tour is like I'm so used to doing
things myself like when chase and oceany
and I are on a dance team for university
we decided lighting we decided costumes
we design costumes we did the mix but
when you do a tour like this the great
company like knows like there's a job
for every person that someone does
lighting and someone else and they're
like an expert in that area that's so
good putting that stuff in the hands of
someone who does that for a living to
understand so I'm gonna have that call
um
and then yeah work it move your head
ready 1 2 3 hey it's 3:00 a.m. we got
awake about 8:00 from eating great food
we just we've decided the absolute
latest we can sleep is for to get four
hours of sleep I'm do my work she doing
her work no I'm kidding do you know how
to work she just asked me this was her
question she said it was so cute she
said so just tell me from now on from
now until the tour because she already
told if she can't have a life past this
point she's like tell me where you need
to be and when and my response was
everywhere always and I'm sticking by
that answer it's 4:23 we're still awake
Oh
jazz is boom he's definitely kiss our to
take a shower now in the morning I want
to think mornings I don't wake me up
with ever take a shower now then I can
see
longer what glad want more if I take a
shower now I feel like if you take a hot
shower now be feel so nice and it'll
pass out yeah right if I take a shower
on the morning go like I usually wake up
cold and then but then I can sleep in
things like show no but cool sweater
Thanks that's right tell myself it's so
soft and comfy to bed yet it's gonna buy
it because you snooze jelly's that's the
situation okay I'm gonna take shower
clean my booty um I guess I'll end my
vlog here tomorrow's my meet up tomorrow
is coach Morris Panthers oh my god today
today's a meeting place and rest today
technically it's 4:00 a.m. 4:30 a.m. and
yeah there's also like a red carpet
thing this is like a lot going on so we
go to bed so if you're watching this and
you live in the GTA fan fest starts at
7:00 free event Dundas Square go now we
are closing the show if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
