it who's more likely to like involve
themselves and things like they
shouldn't be included in I think that
that gives me right that's heavy maybe
it's evening I think it says you know
good morning good evening could happen
to welcome at least in club but we also
harder and productivity lives here I'm
feeling a little bit bad today
admittedly I'm like in a confused
emotional state I don't really know
what's happening in my spirit today I
feel overwhelmed and all that stuff but
we got a mission to complete before we
address that here it is you I'm sure he
was clad with some adorable twins God go
through my inbox scriptwriting those two
things are always gonna be there I gotta
figure out my club collabs of Evan
grassman and I need to do the dishes
because I've run up but first the clap
boom I'm here with Veronica don't get it
twisted put nametags Europe I want ask
you some questions and yep answer on the
count of three who's more likely to do
this thing okay you got it got it
alright who is more likely to subtweet
one two three where do you keep all your
subs we can do simples who's realized on
the count of three to not finish their
food one two three me offended affected
who is more likely to trip and fall
oh I thought it scares the other day to
not going down but going oh my god even
gravity consume you it was more likely
when they go shopping to spend more
money one dude who we were likes need to
take longer while getting ready 1 2 3
running you I'm a perfectionist like I
don't like this is why I have these
curls in my hair and if I go yeah more
like gonna count of three to get scared
during a horror movie
1 2 3 me I would say more you guys both
caring for my fake really ow I like
watching them but I still keep I just I
couldn't tell you them as like super
hundred to get offended
1 2 3 oh ok she's like I'm offended
right now oh man who's a lot like you to
watch before YouTube in a day 1 2 3 me
help you I watched so much YouTube you
do I say things in your like wait you to
black okay so make sure you subscribe to
them tell them your channel male twins
there it is NSYNC very much so and thing
to want to spell it because no one will
spell it right and ER Arielle oh you
know we don't say her last name out loud
too often so people think it's morale
but this is main role like there you
heard it here first breaking news you
heard it here first
okay who's more likely to like involve
themselves and things like they
shouldn't be included in I think that
thing is me right I mean that's heavy
maybe it's even I think those girls are
just so well behaved and just so sweet
and graceful and I'm just like I don't
fall teenage girls look up to you as
role models they're just such a good
example of good evening means their dad
is so loved we have like missing my
family so I'm like all the dad jokes it
just hit me in the fields I truly feel
no matter how long I live here I won't
get used to this
huh I am feeling some type of way I'm I
try so hard to not make this a ramble
but this might be around I don't know
how to best describe but I'm feeling
like some sort of admittedly like sad
I'm very sad I don't know why I'm so
smiling and nothing particularly she was
sad about but I feel sad and I think
what it is is that it's gonna sound
really deep and emo but it's honestly
how I feel I feel very lonely it's not
even because like people aren't around
because people are around me as telecom
always around people but I feel really
lonely in my thoughts and my experiences
and my feelings and I think I get kind
of goes back to a conversation I was
just having with someone I think in
general our rule for life is like it's
very hard we can try to put ourselves in
other people's shoes but it's hard you
don't know how something feels until you
actually experience it well you can
guess how something feels but you don't
actually know how it feels unless you
experience it and I think one of the
things about the entertainment industry
is that we see so much of people's lives
we think we know Justin Bieber we think
we know Selena Gomez we think we know
the weekend so we think we know the
situation like this is an example but
really we don't you don't know those
people personally you don't know what it
feels like so I'm an outsider's point of
view you would just think you're rich
and famous and always dress really nice
you guys do cool things what the f you
complaining well that's tempting to
think like that was this that's such a
level one way of thinking and the reason
I use this example is because like even
though my life is super cool it is and
I'm blessed with amazing things like
very often I'm having conversations with
people or I'm around people and none of
them can relate to why I feel a certain
way because none of them experience it
and it's like whether it's down to like
creativity or why I'm so passionate
about something or why I feel insecure
about something or why I don't like a
certain type of energy like it's so hard
because no one can relate to it and so I
feel so alone and then I end up feeling
like crazy honestly to like sometimes
I'll just be saying I'll go to bed and
like it was so sad like I'll start
crying cuz I feel crazy I feel like am I
just like a crazy person that no one can
relate to and I think I make no sense
right now but when I was in school I
could relate to my other friends because
they knew what it felt like to be in the
same class and when I was had friends in
Toronto I could relate because we both
went to the same parties but now it's
like when you're the one on
and when you're doing doing all these
things and who do I turn around to and
say like yo isn't this a strange feeling
because no one else is feeling that way
and so it's so lonely
that's my two-second ak3 minute reason
of why I feel sad because I feel lonely
and it's not because there's no one
around me it's because no one can
understand what I'm going through and
maybe that's why I love meeting other
people and I'm so attracted to like the
Selena Gomez's and the Dwayne's why I'm
so infatuated with becoming friends with
my role models or like being around that
energy I'm not stupid I know a lot of my
Instagram pictures like meeting with
celebrities and people like okay what
are you trying to prove no she's I
genuinely gravitate towards people that
I'm just like looking for someone that
might be able to relate to anything I'm
feeling I'm gonna shut the F up now
because a lot of this is in my brain as
our 99% of our problems that doesn't
make them any less valid but it is in my
brain I'm gonna make some food subject
change give me the points all right I've
spent a lot of hours soul-searching here
I sound like a - our conversations
humble on the phone oh god I missed that
guy so much but a lot of just like human
being happening today a lot of human
happiness
my box there I didn't do any scripts
yeah I want to go through my vows right
now but I won't update you and say yo
we're gonna get through life sad days
we're gonna get through sad days you're
gonna get through your freaking get
through it Frank
let's go through some emails okay
obviously I'm not typing I'm using one
hand to vlog or don't are you dumb or
you don't blue Hawkins strange it things
reference wash my face it's just me also
that washes my face but then wakes up
with 700 pounds of makeup still under
your eyes like just does anything really
remove makeup is this just element so I
am determined to go to sleep and wake up
tomorrow positive because I've had two
days of being kind of not completely sad
a little bit sad but I just let go off
myself not my normal optimistic positive
self I was just talking to myself
actually and a lot of people that are
close to me know this is I'm like 90%
positive in life but that one I'm
negative
believe it or not I'm really negative
like when people ask me why a lot of
hate comments don't bother me like some
do but why most hey comments don't is
because like when I'm negative or no one
and this isn't really Salvage dude no
one is meaner to me that I can be to me
90% of my life of you
positive optimistic when I'm a human and
sometimes I do denied it what I'm
negative
oh I beat myself up so hard over things
and I'm really trying to work on that
everyone else exactly such the high
fifties not them that's filled with the
expectations at least of myself are a
thousand times higher and I'm not trying
to say this to glorify this to make it
something like that's a good thing it's
something I definitely need to work on I
will sure maybe like do a situation at
the end of night I'll always like well
how can I blame myself about this and
how can it and some really friggin tough
of myself when I do get negative which
is why I try to avoid being negative
because I'm really bad at being negative
is not my strength I'm really gonna
getting out of it though cuz I recognize
how painful that is but what I am
negative I'm pretty harsh on myself I
said some mean things to myself and I
don't like that so tomorrow we're not
gonna do that tomorrow
you're exercising self-love and we are
gonna be okay with our flaws and
appreciate our strengths and all is
going to be well because every day we
learn we gotta spread love to yourself
very very important clearly I'm sorry
for being so mean to you for the past
two days I believe in you and I know
you're trying your best and you're
figuring out freaking a crazy life so
keep at it I'm your friend you sound
like a crazy person people think you're
crazy but that's okay
love yourself you love yourself and life
is gonna be great let's do it tomorrow a
jam-packed day I got my seek a pop-up
shop I got the AMAs he's just such a
long exciting day tomorrow so and he
gets some sleep
rejuvenate wake up with positivity and a
brand new will to know that whatever I
face in life I'm going to get through
and that all of my problems although are
real are very privileged problems that I
recognize all of my blessing and I'm so
glad you're here through my highs and
Milo's even if you don't know completely
what they are that's okay the fact that
you hear it still makes a difference to
me so thank you very much let's see how
we did today
yo twelve clans aren't real sir and I
don't know when but soon let me just
tell you soon rising soon I mean soon
and it's gonna be late today when you're
watching this I'm going to the AMA so
stay tuned to my socials cuz it's about
to be a time and a half and tell them if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe so yo subscribe
