everything is unpleasant at the airport
I got eggs for my god Lois I know I said
I just want to exclude all your eggs I
want all your hands it is freezing we're
here so early
we're hungry or sleepy what everything
bad right now I'm with Laura and
everything is unpleasant not everything
is unpleasant we are not part of a team
right now um yeah we're flying back and
I'm like the first time I remember I
wish the flight was longer because I
actually just want to sleep my step for
like 45 minutes probably glad Jeff
anytime times you're talking of
shellphone no it's actually really like
two days now to remember Allah
yeah I'm zero time sleep though but uh
Nance the situation so just freezing
here like it there's no point of us even
being inside we might as well be out
like this it's so cold in here we're
about to board there's a loud she's like
not having I'm like you clean this kid
is near me I'm gonna do true um a very
sad that I have to hit the ground
running and go to meetings as soon as I
landed I'm very upset about that and if
you wanna campaign to you he's gonna
complain I just wanna complete
everything is falling black and
everything is falling Oh
once again ladies a drama no tell me how
I got the same see the singular see I
don't know where and Lauren got me to
see I'm mad about this I'm asleep so
good I'm asleep so good for this hour
I'm asleep so good oh sweet so when the
sun is shining that's actually pretty
warm and pleasant
it's just Pleasant
this is pleasant everything is not
awesome but a few things are not so bad
right now
we're gonna say goodbye now yeah my god
said Jess back when I was supposed to go
straight Ollie and he's so sweet told me
take a nap and I can come later he's
rearranging his whole day for me I'm so
tired
I literally slept in my window I mean
another jacket and I'm up and both Allie
and coming from majestic films have been
so wonderful and literally sit like
standing by changing their whole day and
accommodating for me to nap I love them
I'm still really tired but I need to get
up and go to these meetings now um and a
shower let's do it
look uma does Amazon majestic so we've
had our meeting in Timmy's because we're
fabulous in high class not even a
Starbucks a Chili's know about mom it's
involved into a Canadian of course we
went over all the videos you have to
make for tour I'm gonna make them look
amazing her she's gonna help look
amazing so dope and this guy let me take
a nap you rearranged this whole day so
that's the most important sleep is it
where they got you I freaking love it so
if you guys ever want sick radiographers
than the cookie in the description I am
just saying that they'll let you take
naps what more do you need
I got today all right bomb now I'm
headed to Ali's I just thought about
what I said and I like to retract my
statement I make a public apology
because Timmy's is the mother effing
bomb and Canada's the mother at the mom
and F Starbucks and everything else go
Canada of the next few days my vlogs
might be totally just because I'm gonna
be crazy so welcome to when you sign of
Lily actually a Moses crazies and really
anything difference guys looking at me
like what I'm mad got prom then I'm just
like having conversation about myself in
the car and I'm like what do you mean
what's wrong with that
and he's like no yo cuz I'm like I
should go
you know why I work with these people is
because I'm so annoying to work with and
they're so patient with me I'm violet
alien chem and they're still having
killed me yet so that's a good sign that
we're still friends
Cam's new machine
colorful instead it's a girl Superboy
and he's like FML my voice making a
sound what is this machine called this
is called a Pioneer DDJ s Z you heard of
your first DD j SZ son that's right
dry bros with the world tour that's
right I'm going to sit down right here
and pretend I know stuff yo so does 12
midnight
I just left alleys and I'm having to
chase his to give him the mixes and go
over them with him but he's like sick
his house I'm buying him some Gatorades
gear trades good and then I still got to
go home pack and go to downtown so I'm
like sleep alive by the end probably and
where's Gator in Tolan I can't multitask
so I just open my suitcase from New York
packing for Toronto where I live right
now and given up on my room it's okay
it's fine we're gonna focus on there now
it is anymore time is actually what time
is it
it is 2:18 a.m. okay I have to be up by
like 8:00 a.m. oh my god
today was Thursday wasn't it
I'm gonna need a minute here you know so
it's Thursday
it's Thursday well now it's party but I
forgot it's Thursday but I did say I
require some patience and this is a
prime example um not gonna think about
right now I'm heading downtown it's 3
a.m. and get downtown do whatever I need
to do very quickly go to sleep
de-stress before I go to sleep and hello
I should call this loss the destruction
of superwoman really the self
destruction of superwoman but this is
what it is I knew it was gonna be tough
I knew wasn't it have I signed up for it
I will pull through
let's go downtown from hotel to hotel
this will be my all the good thing is I
can go back home like I live about 30
minutes away if there's no traffic if
there's traffic though it's like an hour
and a half um so the guys I go yes to
the Wi-Fi I can't give you Wi-Fi is down
my butt what the weifare who the who but
he says should be up in a thirty minutes
on time I'm basically counting down the
minutes right now and I'm gonna unpack
that's some work to do today
oh yeah I can't do for 30 minutes Mia
Beamish take a shower clean my Betty and
maybe I'll do that
who knows maybe I'll make a video well
that happened let's see stay tuned guess
what I just did
yes recorded a video super short it's
not funny but extremely meaningful check
it out on my Nick check in another head
but check it out on my main channel um
I'm an editor I'm Rob loaded and yay for
hustling Hugh so does 503 a.m. I did the
work I had to do more work tomorrow I
gotta wake up at 7:45
um exciting you so remember how a few
days ago my favorite station in Toronto
played my plate hour sorry my humble
song IV i v-i okay awesome news so their
morning show which is really popular is
called JJ and rally in the morning asked
me to come in for an interview so I'm
going to an interview at the radio
station tomorrow morning which I'm very
excited about which is why I had to like
head downtown because it's downtown and
coming into downtown
morning is just like impossible today
after that I have YouTube FanFest press
conference and which I've done before
first-ever YouTube FanFest in Toronto
though I feel like a sense of
entitlement like ma city ma study and I
got represent and then I got like dance
practice I got rehearsal on stage got a
whole bunch stuff going on very eventful
packed day and I think that's where my
stress in anxieties come from the fact
that I can't even completely focus on
poor stuff that I've only asked person I
say yes to way too many things and I
shouldn't say ask them but I say ask
them I have mad FOMO I'm a Mac peer I'm
missing out though oh yeah when I had go
to sleep don't forget YouTube FanFest
may 2nd so tomorrow by the time you're
watching this in Toronto it is a free
event humble and I are closing the show
we're going to be performing laughs IV i
v-i it's gonna be exciting it's gonna be
big we've got dancers we might have some
confetti cannons it might be just off
the hook information in the description
and that if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
