this is not cute anymore I'm sorry I
forgot to vlog I just came home for my
interview I can't afford to take like a
30 minute or 20 minute nap and I'm gonna
do that my life has just become like nap
when possible mappings priority I'm
gonna die Hey
goodbye I'm about to start dance
orientation we got the Scottie Scott's
got on here certified unicorn student or
doc emotionally sick professional little
dance orientation sleeve myself for
three hours chase for the premiere
Simone's up there near everyone there
everyone's up mania this is a real thing
I can't turn back now like there's no
talking back I can't
it's okay good so dance orientation went
great I really call the dancers never
get along I'm really excited to get to
know them better we're heading to our
first shoot
I am definitely like my voice every day
is slowly dying there's like slowly
something dying in here so I'm gonna ask
like I said earlier wouldn't ask
majestic if they can like shift around
she's schedules thing going sleep today
jazz car is just like mine yeah this car
is just like mine is a disaster my car
is also a major disaster yeah no I don't
want it so yesterday as part of whether
she was jazz gave me four grapes they
were the best for I had to either grant
to the shoot and I was like what is this
sensation I'm feeling it was happiness
oh my god graves
oh yeah situation I'm we're heading over
hmm look at my dance if they're so cute
and they're part of the family now and
you can see all their amazing faces um
yeah that's what's up oh we just
finished shooting it is 9:26 we're
wrapping a only an hour and a half
behind schedule no big deal it's Monday
so he's gonna make a video and I feel
like death
my throat's really really hurting but I
think yeah we held it down I love all
the dancers like I actually grew up and
I okay I am in love with Simone like
meeting her in person I love him just
such a calm energy I'm all about it I'm
all about it I love her yeah it's just
so great um and now I'm hitting man we
so far I'm home Amy I'm no game you know
I just got home
thank God I mean let me move these
shoots around I feel like death I'm so
tired I'm like at this kind of a knock
on time I'm this kind of you know that
you know what kind Tara's gonna try to
be like studying stuff it's a video day
I'm gonna lie down for a little bit
hopefully it doesn't end in an all-night
thing but they're happy oh okay I need a
moment
so this is definitely the next day I
fell asleep wasn't my laptop open and
chase just message me be like dude it's
everything's yeah I got me it though is
killing I'm sending everything right now
I make a video but I slept a little bit
and it's real quick I'm gonna get up and
start my day now um I'm sorry about last
night I'm sorry I look like I'm sorry
not sorry my friends but I got some
sleep so I'm feeling a little better I
hope my throat gets better this is how
we know one really friends because it
look like I just got hit by a bus
I'm vlogging but I got a little bit
asleep in today's video shoot first I
gotta go to see what freaking accountant
again that's what I'm gonna do if you
like it so that's good oh also wait take
this from Mumbai and Hyderabad shows are
on sale right right now unless they're
sold out by the time this vlog comes out
this if you think it's left so Hyderabad
Mumbai if you want tickets to my show I
extended the shows information is in the
description if you liked it subscribe if
you like and subscribe if you can
subscribe
