fully my fans don't mind these huge bags
under my eyes dog
morning I'm ready for my meeting
greeting my my cupcake shirt I'm just
gonna fix my hair a little bit throw my
hat on
throw some cream on and that hell out
the door is my outfit I don't wear my
tag and the Red Hat is you right here
um and then we're headed oh that's
what's happening jazz is over there and
we had some eggs and we're late so he's
here um my eyes are just my energy is
gonna be there I'm very excited to meet
everyone but it looks like I just cried
for 10 hours basically what it looks
like uh-huh look jazz is a whole bunch
of carbs over there you can eat yeah
look who it is first time ever in
Toronto TC loves that but you know what
okay so Lily surprised injuring her
Christmas surprise video today and I was
like really really really nice and it's
like fully meeting the rock right now
that's how I feel
ah so pure so like the Google offices
now which is gonna meet up took place
done my meet up so many sweet people
we're like I know you can't skate oh
sorry about your celery nose I love you
I love you and now we're gonna go see
something very special
serious y'all something special that I
was yet to see in person I've seen in
pictures old me and I figure I have to
see before I leave here we go are you
ready yo this elevators only going up
though yeah so cheesy I love it I love
it yeah yeah look the lows cheekbones
off right there there's a really good
job of making me look fabulous
more fabulous than I actually am is nap
time times Jess it is nap time
what times it never dosage I can see for
an hour right probably I'll call 1:30
then from there it's go will go so well
I really shouldn't have the call maybe
else so I wouldn't take our nap I'm
concerned about my voice and that is not
a hundred percent right now women op
took my conference call from bed Sandy's
gonna do my hair I don't want to get I I
want to quit life today I'm gonna lie
down well she does my hair she said that
she can still do it if she's a good
friend when she understands this is
sandy I don't know
all right you can do my hair this is my
rating we're turned into an Olympic
sport Olympic teams Ward here and sandy
held on the first three braids while I
was sleeping
oh gee like a straight up OG and this
year per freedom way you win you're not
perfume when you win don't what you want
to perform know some of the same up for
the red carpet I'm trying to use my
voice time ago change the performance
you got these dog shirts that humble
design that they talk wrong no um and
yeah main class is making my hair to
basically Scott landed on my tour
documentary producer landed last night
director sorry landed here last night
he's coming today and it's all too real
right now because someone is searching
with my tour has landed in Toronto
that is way too yo for me right now this
is a real thing that's happening right
now real this is a real this is real
this is real
this is real it's real everything is
real right now
nothing's artificial everything is real
everything is real and I made of plastic
everything is here when you're going on
tour people got to walk the red carpet
humble it's gonna be awesome
I'm excited
we go here we go here we got Lil Wayne
walking the red car
hi baby
you ready little nervous and the
hometown emotional investment going well
see
we go
love
so in addition to the amazingness that
just happened today right now this
moment let's hold hands is my 200th vlog
come on
high-fives hugs and handshakes
everywhere by to and I vote for 200 days
dude that's like almost here kind of
halfway whatever the one of the math is
but that's it's pretty much a decade a
millennium of vlogging oh my god
200 blogs - what's the song that has 200
mentioning it nonzero-sum zero to 200
real quick real quick real effing quick
ah thank you so much for watching 200 of
my vlogs in two hundred days of my ugly
face waking up not ugly I take that back
cuz my last video but on my tired face
vlogging he sees so everything is real
right now remember I kept talking about
Scott Scotty my boy tour documentary oh
yeah right here hand selected by yours
truly
yes what's up because part of fans now
all these people for the fans introduce
yourselves what's up I'm Cassidy yeah
I'm a Todd that's what's up hey I'm
Derek no good oh yeah oh he's not here
sir he's not doing pretty right got it
humble Sandy Jam we're getting ready for
the fan fest performance I'm so excited
more so for my food to come more than
anything else yes I want to be
tormenting these guys in the road when
my when everybody's up in here he's
practicing with jokes here
everybody's here a dancer here this is a
real thing happening right now the theme
of this vlog is that this is a real
thing life the real thing right now life
is extremely real Oh
if I were to alter this girl would be
like my pride and joy there's so much
love for this incredible piece of town
so you guys already know and now
Oh
ah
Oh
I am the best
a special performance a batch are you
guys not fine
a lot of the crowd got turnt so if you
want to see more of this listing tour
commas where you need to go because when
similar performances and they don't be
high that's whatsapp now I'm home I
decided to check out and come home today
so I can get a head start on my date
tomorrow
um fan fest was amazing so overwhelming
was my first time having performing
music so I was really nervous um I got a
lot of really good feedback though
humble and excimer told me that the one
thing I need to work on is how I hold
the mic because I hope I have a habit
when I do stand-up comedy I hold the mic
where like cover half of it cuz I don't
know which is my style when you do music
you can't do that so like that's the one
I need to work on so that was one
critique I got but otherwise I got
really good feedback and I was like
really fun I had a lot of fun this is a
this was a great motivational thing for
me now I'm just like so ready to work
part on the tour even harder um if
that's possible
I remember to bed it's like I can get
like I feel like eight or nine other
sleep I've been sleeping consistently
maximum three hours a day for the past
like four days eight nine hours of sleep
I'm so excited I want to sleep um thank
you for joining you another day and
you're wonderful and you make all my
dreams come true
