Fame no assignment is to something
actually woke up like an hour going up
and doing work in bed ever since my
body's back to hurting that shower died
yesterday long hot shower was completely
temporary as an I'm broken again
I realize actually didn't work out for
the past two days cuz I'm working so
hard so today I gotta get some cardio in
I gotta get some weights in and stuff
today a lot of things are happening
today I'm going to dance practice for
YouTube FanFest which is happening May
2nd um chase is choreographing that so
that's awesome
so I'm going to do that but at the same
time game for Raptors are on at the same
time a game of Thrones is on so I'm like
where do my priorities like I don't even
know don't even doubted it
that's what happened I'm gonna get up
murder yep I'm gonna go eat some eggs
and then I'm gonna get to work I got a
hit to bat practice and like a couple
hours so if they can get a good amount
of work done before that and tomorrow
like really really the morning I'm
flying to New York for three or four
days I don't know if I told you this
maybe I did uh I'm going for a YouTube
creator summit and for broadcast I'm
having a meet-up - that's what exciting
I'm only there for like three or four
days like I said short trip but it's got
to be filled with me also doing tour
work there so I got liked a lot and my
stuff with me anyway it's time for eggs
um yeah okay so I introduced to do like
a written interviews and I'm like
struggling to do that I'm just literally
staring at the screen I think one of my
issues is I've obviously been spending a
lot of time this room and I explained
the importance of changing up your
environment I'll see my setup is here so
I can't change it too much but like I
think when the major problems that
there's no windows in this room it's
what constant like I've never exposed to
natural sunlight so I'm thinking of
taking my laptop like upstairs and just
working a little bit up there because
all night going crazy in here I know
going crazy right now
that's what I'm gonna do and it just
looks so cold and like you do when
you're doing just wanna do it that
sunshine no Dada sunshine Duran honestly
this is gonna
- alright some done the interviews I
just got to tweak them and send them
over and I need to leave for dance
practice like real soon in like 30
minutes and I don't think I can go like
this I mean I would go like this but I
don't I don't think I should and I'm
just like oh my god I'm gonna have to
watch game for like in the corner of
practice on mute because I don't see
what the other option is like I don't
understand and then I'm gonna have to
never be missed Game of Thrones but I
can watch it right after so that's okay
but like my priorities are not okay
right now this is not okay this is not
okay these boogers in my nose II and
it's like you take the water we once I
can't really even pick them and I'm just
like why why we finished practice and
hum one are gonna dance a little bit too
so may 2nd if using the GTA Toronto Area
you need to come down desk we're free
it's a free event
we're red carpets in five to seven where
you can kind of like me doesn't interact
and eight to ten thirty is the show and
we're closing the show it's gonna be
good
you gotta fight it free it's it's it's
free it's really all the information in
the description may 2nd Toronto people
stand up show yours your parents are
coming
q yeah come home feeling stressed and
overwhelmed I gotta do some voiceover
there's an audio I have a why don't we
even keep saying this is you just never
listen to me say it over and over again
I have an overwhelming amount of stuff
to do I'm moving for New York and less
than 12 hours I have three suitcases
upset upstairs once too long unpack from
India from LA and from somewhere else
have three full suitcases anytime pack
one pack
leave leave my house in like eight nine
hours so much to do and have to make
sure I take everything with me so I can
work on stuff in New York and I'll plan
outfits when I meet up and stuff I could
hire I swear if I could hire look
unpacker
Merson I would love that do any of you
want to pack in a bath let me know let
me know yo the time is 1:21 the cars
going to be about 5:45 put like four in
a bit hours myself so we should do oh my
god I have to upload some stuff for
YouTube FanFest was gonna take a few
hours like I need to wrap that up ASAP
in two pack and I need to unpack two
pack I do laundry probably shed a nap
okay so my room is gone to the point
where it causes me like extreme amounts
of stress because it's not that it's
messy but it's not like I can do
anything when I have too much stuff I
know this is a really ungrateful thing
to complain about but it's like big I
just have so much stuff and till me
close and just like something it's
causing me stress because I can't find
anything and it takes me forever to do
anything and I just want to come back
I'm gonna spend like five solid hours
literally not cleaning it cuz it's just
not gonna happen I'm gonna just put my
clothes and piles on my bed so I can
pack for a tour because there's no way I
can pack for tour with my frigging room
like that I can't find anything and my
mom attempts to help me so she moves
things with it you lose everything it
happened like right I was looking for
shoes like 30 minutes and I still happen
because I know all the places I would
put them but they're not enables
business I know I have to print more
stuff for my accountant so hope you
enjoy the sound of my obnoxious printer
it's also slow
my neighbors are literally complaining
because it's all that yeah okay I'm
leaving my house in two hours and well
what why is my pajama top showing
cleavage because I have my phone in my
pocket on it supposed to be Minnie Mouse
it ain't that kind of show you um my
mouse in two hours
I am going to end the vlog here so I can
upload the vlog footage um we're going
to New York and a couple of hours for
the creator summit and for broadcast
it'll be fun and the cool people there
Chase is actually gonna come tag along
as well so he's gonna be staying the
hotel with me yeah it's gonna be
exciting now the adventure if you have
not gone your tickets yet Singapore Hong
Kong Australia all your tickets are on
sale I get to get updates like every
couple days I can tell you they will
sell out with the progression that is
happening so grab them while you can
the link is in the description it is
triple W losing tore calm Hong Kong VIPs
are already sold out but I'm there's
still some pretty good seats so grabbing
oh hey I will see you tomorrow if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
