houki morning it's actually not morning
I woke up at nine o'clock out of 10 a.m.
meeting an 11 o'clock call and 12
o'clock meeting so I've done three
meetings already
let's have honesty how I was Lily woke
up obviously yesterday was a fun I got
pretty turned on I what but I will have
you know that I got turned when I came
home and still charged my vlog camera
still uploaded the vlog footage and
still functioned like a responsible
human being but did I wake up with
Nutella all over my pants maybe is that
bad
you decide um I definitely cheated I had
a Nutella crepe yesterday in my
tipsiness with Bethany over a
sentimental conversation so it's fine
she's the Swedish and all things like I
feel like I'm such a bad friend I
shouldn't be letting you do this but I
was like it's bad it's not white a
banana Nutella crepe and it dropped all
over my pants um anyways continuing on
is the hour I woke up still slightly
intoxicated but I'm like no you have a
meeting get it together
and honestly if I'm quite honest with
you last night when I went out before I
went to that party I was seriously
stressed and I think I'm coming to the
realize I should have so many things to
do but it's not just that I have things
to do it's I have to be in so many
physical places at once where I'm
starting to realize that oh my god like
this might not be possible like I
actually might not be able to I have to
physically be with Ellie in them to
finish the mixes for chase to
choreograph them I need to physically be
there I physically can't I'm in New York
that means that has to wait until I go
back and that whole thing gets delayed
chases choreo gets delayed everything is
delayed
I need to physically be there with the
costume designer to explain so this does
a lot of things I need to physically be
there for and I'm just like I need to
physically be at practice and I do be
physically making videos I need to
physically do this injury so how am I
going to be in all these places so it
was just I was seriously stress so when
I went to a party I knew I'm like you
know I need a drink I'm gonna have fun
I'm gonna turn the F up I'm gonna have
another drink I'm gonna turn the F up
I'm gonna have another drink it with I
just needed to let loose have fun
there's an after party tonight and I'm
gonna go for like an hour to but I'm not
gonna have as much as I
have a flight early in the morning and I
need to do work but um I just finished
meetings I have a meet-up today which
I'm very very excited about and honestly
I love you guys so much I'm actually for
me that feels like a break everyone's
like oh you insisted a long day and then
have the meetup I'm like no the meetup
is actually my break cuz for three hours
I'm not gonna talk to anyone on the
phone not gonna answer any mother I can
email I'm gonna hang out with my friends
for three hours and that is giving me so
much life right now
um but I am definitely noticing I know
this long clip but it's just it's just
something that I need to get off my
chest I am definitely feeling more
stress than I have ever before um and
it's a weird type of stress because it's
a stress that's turning into anxiety
it's not like a stress that's a go oh my
god it's like it's turning into N and
it's fine it's fine this I a world tour
is gonna take work it's of course it's
gonna take work it's gonna stress you
can even say of course it's gonna do
these things that's all normal that's
fine
it should I never experienced something
like this before so like even right now
it came through much so okay it's fine
like sometimes I get really like I can
tell like my heart starts beating fast
I'm just like okay calm down it's gonna
be fine but it is gonna be fine it's
gonna be fine it's gonna be fine because
negative thinking is not going to
contribute positively in any such way so
we're gonna keep positive um I'm gonna
come out with my day after I sit by
myself for a few minutes and collect my
thoughts
um but yeah woke up in the morning with
Nutella on my pain still turnt but I got
too much 10:00 a.m. meeting goals so my
my meet up with my sweaters as I exist
unicorn we see oh so cute
set up check tickets it's already nice
whoa huh pretty pretty pretty pretty I
like it Oh
oh my god okay so basically for this
meetup they made unicorn Island I know I
know I know
o M G
Iassogna okay why is it what I need on
stage this is what I do on stage right
here oh my god this is awesome look at
this and the floor remember we're on the
floor this path leads to my meter
oMG is cotton candy trees this is
amazing I'm so happy with this oh my god
I love this
it's Meetup
let's go
yeah
oh don't make you
my
my
we're gonna be back
Oh
right
putting you
we
see
isn't taking the time just to make these
videos is Bruno see if we think
everybody needs a song has some
compazine
so souchong and d-day
come on
so I took my section
for everyone
so I totally didn't vlog what we just
did but all the creators hanging up
upstairs I didn't vlog at all some idiot
but I said bye to everyone in spite bath
I stood by to use them I said by grace
and mamrie when we said the sweetest
thing to be oh she's hugging me was the
sweetest thing
she's very sentimental sighs well like
she noted what you're doing is not easy
look guys was that what she said she
said I'm so proud like what do you mean
watch that cuz you're doing something
it's hard it's not easy and like I'm
freaking proud of you don't like ah
freaking sweetest I love Kellett and mom
obviously by Oh Bethany much suck don't
get to really shoot but me but she'll be
in Toronto in two days with me so hey um
that's about to Hannah um so we said bye
to everyone now I the cars come and pick
me up in like four hours I'm gonna do
some work and then I'm going to hang on
the plane I can't be super sleep
deprived because as soon as I land I
feel and running because I'm mad
meetings so an asshole situation this is
chase he's like dying a little bit sick
and I'm like get over right not kidding
yeah beeping oh I am going to end the
vlog here even though I'm not gonna go
sleep I'm gonna do like half an hour
more work then go to sleep but I want
this footage to upload so I'm going to
end now leaving New York heading back to
Toronto and literally as soon as we land
issues gonna hit the fan and my stress
levels are gonna skyrocket but that's
what's happening and I will see you
tomorrow thank you so much for joining
us on another day and don't forget if
you live in the GT area may 2nd YouTube
FanFest Dundas Square free event
humbling are going to be forming
information will be in the description
hope you had wonderful day a see
tomorrow if you naked subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
