what is today
good morning I got like three hours of
sleep I'm so tired but nothing a little
or a lot of makeup can solve we are
heading to the creator summit no clue
what to expect or what's going on but
that's what's going on we're all
checking look viral fever all the way in
New York and that is hearing King
literally way to the elevator for like
20 minutes
okay it was a elevators an issue in the
hotel it's like takes a really long time
span it's a real life problem waiting
for the elevator and stairs with our
super cool glasses the coolest everyone
is so cool goals
everyone is gold everything you two guys
are so close this place yeah like our
pictures everywhere they gave us these
tablets to use them we keep them after
like I have nowhere to put a subject
holding the tablet awkwardly said no bag
and everyone just like where do I put
the definite
I've stuck to my diet thus far
going on in the position where we're
eating lunch and there is
so I might have a too or else I won't
eat lunch and we're here for another
like five hours and I might just pass
out
oh my god never made me salad good those
are good girl and didn't have all this
food and just had the corn and Sun I've
gotten dessert I'm taking one bite of it
and then donating something else this is
gonna be my
goodbye
me they just keep bringing out dessert
after dessert it was Louise's birthday
the bitter side one way to her kick as
well as you know I do they just bring
out these desserts and like these
ridiculous displays as you bring them up
I'm sitting here it's like the thing at
simple temptation does the pirate out so
much agenda sleeve why just wait a
second
what is going on
oh my god David Blaine is he what's your
name like you can have take one out it
does not matter look the five of spades
okay David flame is blowing my mind
right now blowing them and right now he
won't stop okay which one you know will
do I don't get your birthday yeah I
don't want to see what you're thinking
you look and try to see one so don't
even say stop okay that way it's only
not this one anyone from inside try to
see number and suit you have one I'm not
gonna guess your card say your card out
loud
one card just jumped right down from
your so everybody will card just jumped
off of you Oh show everybody
through his head
it was crazy it was forever
it was crazy
Oh
whoa
and I know
Hey
do let's take a look at the men they
call soup
su-kam crow in the county jail recording
studio
you
no use in this entertainment game but
now we're all going downstairs because
there was a prize for us and I don't see
what others think I don't want to miss
it I know and they stress on you don't
want a bit I'm like is it a nap because
the night great so all honey there
I don't know intellection Kingsley's
like what if it's Rachel Raymond your
snacks like and I might be some carbs
though for me
just looking back there they're hiding
that's get a good front and center
situation here oh my god maybe they
rocketed to propose disease oh my god
and what is happening what is happening
time
all right they're about to pull
something out and so here we go you
ready here
the personal resource right now is
resistant how more episodes on six
minutes right
we should
Hey
I'm dying I don't lay by a cross Mary
crossly
so I got back to hotels like 20 urgent
emails and like a billion things super
fans right now it's all well me and I
have been babe
I'm just super stressed I am stressed I
can a very unlikely way we're just like
that here like that when you gotta make
responders walking me through it it's
good at this time
and they over here
offered to throw away her mashed
potatoes she's so cute is our table
a lot has happened today I told max me
of that when I first met her I thought
she hated me that was a big confession
that happened oh my god but then we
confessed on it because we do not but we
confessed our love for each others those
signs me and magic I had a hard heart as
well Sara also manages Matty's that's
cool and we're going into Narnia
apparently because of what are we going
right now we're trying to find the
after-party God knows where that is all
I know is that dude over there took my
drink and I'm thoroughly upset and this
is Tyler who's leading the way ginardi I
guess I have no clue what's happening
shy
but do you like her
so the compassion to make I'm pretty
faded and I cheated I was so strong and
I cheated Bethany and I had a crepe
I had a crepe with Bethany but I've been
so good this whole trip everyone is
eating dessert
I need to start at the summit I didn't
do anything in a pasta I kept beating
myself I had one crepe today I was
hungry and there was no other option had
a crepe and it was with Bethany nose
over a sentimental talk and it happened
so it's okay it's okay it's fine I'm
turned F up right now chase is not in
the room I don't know where he is right
now so I need to figure out where he is
and there's Nutella literally all over
my tights I'm turned up basically well
deserved I was super stressed truthfully
guys if I'm not guy so truthfully
friends if I'm honest with you before
going to generally always super stressed
I am extremely overwhelmed I have way
too many things to do I'll get it done
you day I'm gonna go to sleep I don't
know what the hell chase is but like
he'll figure it out
um Thank You Jamie another day it's been
a long day and I can't wait to sleep if
you liked it subscribe if you like I
subscribe if you like it subscribe
