today's gonna be less good morning good
afternoon good evening are you right to
hustle so hard cuz this we're planning
to be leasing Blum's gonna be a little
bunch between me with my team capital
emails quite a script a quarter rent
Gubbio shoe earn bonus points be happy
drink some water
stay healthy do the damn thing lenka i
just finished a meeting with my team so
i've been doing these things because i'm
like so busy and hang on to my inbox all
the time you know you'd be surprised as
you see me go through my inbox all the
time as soon as I go through it and I
click refresh it's like 67 new emails
and I'm like summer it's a little bit so
I'm like to my team you have an hour to
ask me anything you to ask me have my
undivided attention and it's been going
great so I just had that meeting give me
the prize also this I'm going to the
premiere today when you're watching
today aka my tomorrow and on Friday my
girl seemed viewing party so I'm so
excited
Oh cookies I'm writing this rant I can't
record for tomorrow's video when you
watch this today's I have this know what
I do I've always liked the skit pieces
first so like all the acting bit and
then based on how those turn out I end
up writing the rent that's how I've been
doing things recently back in the days
do everything together but I feel like
it's so much more helpful to like see
this skit pieces what actually happened
during some improv and then write the
ran so what's happening done okay gun
riding now I'm gonna do my makeup and
record this rant it's always interesting
to a quadrantal there's other people in
the house cuz I'm like mildly insecure
so I'm like your wear headphones go
downstairs only seem to me but then like
millions of people watch my videos so
it's like well millions of people watch
my videos unless when I work really
really hard on and I transform and Rick
otherwise I'm kidding I'm salty
okay it's I everything's great okay yup
I may say so myself I kind of killed my
makeup today look at that winged liner
Derek come on give me some bonus point I
could fly away like a mother at the
Falcon with these wings right now just
Oh done recording my rent
I feel like this video might be a little
bit long but it's coming when you're
watching this today on my main channel
there's types of people in horror movies
I actually really really like it was a
little sneak peek just for the vlog
family feel like an evil person look
we've awakened something
oh yeah is her name Mary Jean someone
coming the key meet my name is Pat and I
do drugs everyone kill me we're all
gonna die and it's gonna be because I
love Halloween so much in horror and you
know all that stuff so when it comes on
the main channel comic during super 62
let me know that the vlog fan sent you
want to show you some extra oh we can
make out in the comment section yourself
so I got about 30 minutes before Poppi
comes over to do my hair for this next
video why I'm getting my hair done you
just have to see in this abdominal in
tight already gave away but I have to
tweet this script we're shooting tonight
I had to script I really really like it
but I don't have an ending yet and
ending is always the hardest I like to
end on like a misdirection or a
punchline something like that right now
I have some really clever witty like
wordplay moments but I have an ending so
that's what okay done I think I ended on
a clever pun punch line type of
situation but also the video just really
cute in general so doesn't need to be
too like big ending it's just a cute
video and I really like it so I think
Poppy's downstairs let's go get my hair
because I have to do now my own hair you
stupid or when you know you're gonna be
Princess Jasmine it's important to eat
right because you're gonna be wearing a
crop top
Princess Jasmine Papa get such a good
job like a dungeon dragon I'm starting
to feel like a dungeon dragon look at my
show footage every day I look like
getting back to what has been yes and it
has been hanging up - I know I got next
to anyone and all of a sudden that's me
I mean look at her why I'm fine
I have to play and you won't see the fan
real quick
there's no ethnic so it's really hard
get on my boo yet feeling a little bit
of my cheating at a time slowly keep
racing it doesn't walk free so like this
what do you call wiping away the sweat
under - we get it so physically I'll
make it easier you get you a team that
takes your hair out like this because
they know the efficiency turns you on
the aftermath and I don't know if you
could see where those literally sparkles
just everywhere from all the costumes oh
my gosh they're so dirty
ah over here can you see oh ho smart
coat oh my god why and my sparkles I
mean glitter Oh calming good put a new
strap on the camera I just licked it
yummy
all right we had a really really
productive day today tomorrow I got a
whole bunch of script writing to do
heading to stranger things event like I
said I'm not even a comb this year I'm
gonna wait you know what tomorrow's long
as you start with my hair looking like
this I can't even wash my face I'm gonna
go to bed but first let's see how we did
today
vanilla cone chocolate poun swirled
trash right here I'm gonna go to bed
about me to watch some boat jet front
what the hell is in my pocket here oh
it's a Nike gift card I forgot about
that
all right true true true true true I'm
gonna go buy some freaky stuff first and
then I'm gonna watch the bow jacket but
I'm gonna go to bed Joe I didn't listen
just leave his new song
I don't came out today well glad not
let's - yeah maybe I'll react - alive on
tomorrow's vlog so stay tuned for that
he'll then if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe also I don't even
know if my whole team's gonna watch this
loss ain't nobody watched my videos and
vlogs my team members see enough of me
already but she on us and my team today
she went so so well I'm gonna put it on
to the universe god
we should give my team extra blessings
for today because they work so hard and
they killed it I'm so proud of them team
super all day
