and as per usual I'm super late morning
okay
before we start anything my shoes do you
recognize these shoes cuz these are the
shoes I met Dwayne in I'm headed to
Rick's exhibit I'm super lean I just
could not wake up in them as per usual a
billion things got thrown my way but
it's okay we've accepted it got my
breakfast I'm gonna eat in the car got
my water I'm headed there it's 40
minutes away I'm going with jazz so
let's go to Rick's photo exhibit so you
know what I need today I think I need
like a bubble bath then you soak my body
in some extremely hot water and like sea
salt because our body just kills it just
kills all right and rested I think I
need to do that that's gonna be one way
to do so I'm walking to Rick's place
right now there was no parking there's a
guy I walk but it's mildly nice today I
mean it's not winter there's no snow so
that's Pleasant
I have the hiccups no I don't do hiccups
I think as a burp was the burger hiccup
there's a book out of the hour
styling the charts this man's gonna show
off his photographic skills a beginner
photographic skill so I'm gonna show you
some of works amazing photography
are you ready he doesn't just make
butter he does other and you try
this you're gonna try beautiful I'm
actually on a strict no carb diet no I
can't I get but that's okay because
nothing tastes better than being good on
tour she's only the fourth piece but I
think it's my favorite for reasons that
you understand yeah pessimist make you
want okay okay you know would be kind of
cool and I want to get your opinion on
this I want to do that God like a good
exhibit so where people see food on the
wall and then they kept a try so magic
swings out would you go to that comment
below comment below up some little bit
early for my nephew's birthday set aside
to go to a warmer jazz and I have
divided into the Walmarts of the world
to look for a particular prop we need a
lot of not gonna tell you what it is but
that situation reason bottom arc so I
just met these sweethearts that are
camera shots they don't want to be an
ample ones never open one simra and she
said the sweetest thing to me said again
he looks in shape I look in shape
sweetest comment ever you're so sweet
they're so cute I can't show you because
they're all mine but there's all right
are you ready state change my shirt the
car to Olaf because he likes Olaf I
really on my own a few turns out though
this birthday party though at this
amazing place kids these days though I
think specially my cardio in on this
jungle gym
I know about fifth my mom and we are
deciding you can go on the slides right
now alright so we're gonna do this and
climb up this thing yes on my body there
we're gonna get through this o'night
jump over and jump over god yeah oh my
god Oh what okay we are going between
this now alright he ready for this stick
this our card here look at this super
forces
alright you ready for this we'll go down
the red one good idea but okay now turn
up turn up why was that way scarier than
I thought it would be yeah yeah like 2.0
that I knew there's a pizza
it's not about my salad that's what's up
so a most of my salad it's time to cut
the cake now I wanna see him to the
point where I'm like not even that
people are eating pizza cookies your arm
I'm like yeah probably tastes great but
like I'm not dying I'm not like oh my
god I need someone like pasta I'm like
I've accepted and committed now it's
cool yeah so I just quickly went to
chases else he wasn't home but I had to
drop off one of the props cuz he needs
to court it with it so yeah and now I'm
back at Ali's studio to check on some
mixes out of that no like I'm so proud
of my multitasking abilities right now
I'm so proud I just hope my brain
doesn't start like leaking out of my
ears but we're good so far so I'm with
the genius right now I lead to run into
money bro so they always keep their
studio dark so it's always like a
covered here it's amazing and he's doing
his magic I'm not gonna show you too
much but this is happening right now
look at all the fancy equipment and
stuff bro bro amazing this is gonna
sound so good I'd heard a small segment
of it knows like you I'm home and I'm
much hi my best take a bubble bath right
now because if you would call from a few
vlogs like a month ago or during cleanup
anthem sorry I tried to go bubble bath
in the cold water just hot water
situation was not happening so I might
attempt again I'm gonna do some emails
in the boo boo bath and then work so the
hot water worked
I've already feel so relaxed like I feel
so just good it was actually almost too
hot almost like passed out after I do
sit down for a while sugata but I'm
gonna eat and then get to work my body
feel alright right now here the global
teacher thought this is something Cisco
Cisco
No
into sir
it was so much so merciless my eyes are
not black underneath I rubbed my mascara
because you know I forget him wearing
makeup so wet ads I just finished
working on the YouTube FanFest video
from a second humble made half it up
making the second half we're trying to
make this setup look really cool with
the screen so we're working really hard
on it and produces they don't know if
you live at or no area may 2nd YouTube
FanFest free event in Dundas Square
humble and I are going to perform we're
closing the show very very very very
exciting and I think we want to sleep it
is 3:30 I'm gonna fall asleep I think of
video ideas that's a plan and tomorrow
is I've dance practice it's been a while
but for YouTube FanFest we're dancing a
little bit so just saying to have dance
practice tomorrow the Raptors are paying
gameplay they let playing game for and
if they lose they're out but it's also
Game of Thrones and all of those things
are happening same time practice rappers
Game of Thrones like imma gonna clone
myself I do not know only life was final
cut neck there's boo boo boo but it's
not I'm gonna head to bed if you live in
Singapore or Australia tickets for a
trip you know more other on sale link is
in the description and Hongkonger
tickets are going on sale monday 10:00
a.m. your time really on that if you
like it subscribe if you're like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
