yeah Pina Pina P head eater number one
and here number two PS my fish died
while I was in India so I have no more
fishies now but this is where I'm
working my computer downstairs I just
feel like when I learned in psychology
that when you have a lot of work to do
over a long period of time it's good to
change environments so I learned in
psychology like for example when I used
to be the captain of our team like a
dance team
I would always change the environment
some house like if you were Hurst for
like 30 minutes and you notice people
are not paying attention this time
you're tired they turn off the lights
like something in your environment has
to change to keep the mind stimulated so
I have changed rooms and I think I'm
gonna do all my tour stuff in this room
now clean up Anthon room and add some
workout stuff here lies in the way cuz
every time I do creative stuff I only
have to walk around which is why I can't
work upstairs in my room just a mess I
need to walk around and I'm excited this
would be my cave this is that also
unrelated no yesterday I finally watched
Furious 7 I highly recommend every
single person to watch and I'm not just
saying cuz Duane's in it
Duane did an amazing job and I feel like
I even told him like it's such a
pleasure seeing you grow as an actor
because like he just gets better and
better better but this stunts in that
movie in the action scenes I'm moving
the ending and just it's really good if
you haven't seen it I highly recommend
you seeing it shabu-shabu cleaving
Shaboom Sheila how much money your rate
your brain eat tell me why my brain
still my hair why my livers never I
figure when I take it out uncle
you know what I figure my towel by the
way is Hannah Montana I'll show you when
it's not covering my Nikki budding love
songs
hi morning I'm all about those like kid
like towels - Hannah Montana my other
ones Tinkerbell have one of Mickey Mouse
interesting they don't have one that is
like the rock I have a super own one as
well I have this weird obsession okay
olha 90% my vlogs are you struggling to
do something on one hand I had this
obsession with like kid like they like I
of obsessed with towels like backpacks
I love backpacks I don't know what I
could like by 50 backpacks I don't know
what it is do I need 50 backpacks no but
like so I've come to the point where
this is my washroom this is my outside
like I want you to know it does bother
me that my stuff is so messy I just
don't have a choice I have nowhere to
put these things that's upon my closet
full I've used the closet over there my
room just needs one big cleaning where I
throw out a lot of stuff and a lot of
furniture and a lot of whatever but I'm
like yo my plan is to move to LA this
year
I like emailed my lawyer like very
angrily being like hey can you tell me
what's going on because this has been a
really long time that nothing's happened
I need to know it was kind of a little
bit of a stern email but huh anyways or
the shirt 50 times this week but it's
only when I can see that's clean so
that's all doing I've got a family
coming over but I am gonna still lock
myself in my cave my family knows what's
up you know there's a lot of work to do
so I'll eat with them and all that stuff
but it's work work work work work work
work
from this moment on 82 UI is taking over
that's it freaking yesterday I did 30
Phillips you have to start so I am still
like this is what I've got done honey
can't see it I don't want you to see it
but I mean planning out this is like the
reason this is hard
he's cuz I won I've said it a billion
times I want my tour to be so perfect so
I'm having a really hard time being
decisions because we time make decision
like um but like okay what's better than
that like what's better than that so
I've decided just to make a finish it
and I'm gonna just keep going over
everyday just keep going over and making
it better
I'm excited it's really it's really
exciting um it'll be a lot of dancing
and a lot of a lot of partying I'm so
excited
okay so I have some progress this is my
progress so far I'm writing the show the
parts I'm struggling a bit are bottom G
thinman G and I feel like because I'm
sound really weird but I feel like I
need to dress as them to write their
parts so I might do that but I have a
really good skeleton I feel really good
about it I'm gonna just format it a bit
make it functional cuz when I type
things like you my videos I type in my
own language like anyone else reading
this wouldn't know what the hell I'm
talking about
so I'm gonna fix it up a little bit
maybe print it go over it I have
pictures of all of my dancers here I
don't want to show them to you but I
have eight dancers eight dancers coming
with me
two of them are chasing oceany so I'm
very excited about that smile right
there that doesn't smile twinning
I'm kind of tired of writing this right
now so I think I'm gonna go to sleep
soon this is gonna require a lot of work
a lot of according to the script I'm
writing a lot of videos a lotta Lotta
I'm only on the second segment of the
show and this is what it's actually
looking like now like because I'm
writing it out properly it's long and
detail that I need to get to work or
finish stuff tomorrow I'm so confusing
what to do because usually are watching
of Thrones before I sleep but I've now
watched all of them so like what do I do
now right they're just gonna let go into
my bed and then go to sleep that seems
odd I'll stock hot boys on Instagram I
don't know why I ended the last clip
without saying goodnight when I just
said I'm going to sleep and that's
what's happening I'm going to sleep
hopefully I don't wake up at like 7:00
p.m. because my sleep schedule will be
hella messed it's also for the best and
this is not been an exciting day and I'm
very sorry but this is what my day was
it's work work work tomorrow's and do
the exact same thing tomorrow Game of
Thrones is coming on loose you gonna
watch that at nine o'clock
but it's pretty much it work and
costumes and dancers and dance and
meetings and plotting our trip to
unicorn Island if you liked it subscribe
if you like it subscribe
I could subscribe
