I've had the great privilege of
traveling around the world to so many
different countries through my life and
I can still say when people ask me you
know what's the most multicultural place
you've ever been I still say my hometown
of Toronto is definitely the most
multicultural place where you can walk
down the street and see any type of
person that looks any type of way and no
one's looking at them weirdly and it's
really not a big deal because we're just
all family here and this song right now
is important to me because I recently
announced my world tour and although
when you're traveling to a whole bunch
of countries I've never been to before
and some I have been to before I do feel
like in a way I've already been there
because literally London is in my city
Trinidad is in my city Singapore is in
my city I see all these people in my
hometown and so I feel like I've already
kind of gotten a glimpse of them and
that excites me because it's kind of
like the trailer to a movie I'm gonna
see on my world tour it's not super cool
another thing people is asking is what
makes my videos unique and I really do
feel that my videos speak to a lot of
different people you know I make
references to soca music I speak a
little bit of Tamil in my videos I talk
around you making cars and could you
making Creole and I think my videos will
not be anything like what they are if it
wasn't for me being brought up in
Toronto Toronto shines through every one
of my videos and every one my tweets and
every one my posts because I grew up in
a place where culture is so accepted no
one scores to be something they're not
and that's shown through my videos and I
really really take pride in that so
Toronto is why I am Who I am it's molded
me into the person I am molded me into
the artist I am and I would not pick
another place in the world to grow up
TDOT Oda son the beautiful thing about
being from Toronto is that it's so mixed
and diverse that you are forced to be
exposed to new ideas on a regular basis
the best description I've ever heard of
Toronto is it's the world's biggest
small town you can walk a few blocks and
experience a whole different world
everywhere you go and at the same time
it has
warmth to it that allows you to kind of
get into other people's worlds and
understand how people do things that may
be very different from you this project
happened very quick to probably within
two weeks we wrote the song recorded the
song came out with the video and shot it
and I mean with that short time frame we
didn't sacrifice quality if anything we
accomplished a lot more the biggest
highlight of this entire project was
being able to shoot on the rapper's
court I don't think I've ever seen a
music video on an NBA court and when
Lily came up with the idea I kind of
looked at I was like well we'll put that
on your to-do list and the one wonderful
thing about Lily is she doesn't believe
in impossible so she wants to make
something happen
it happened so we reached out to
everybody we knew called in a few favors
there's a lot of paperwork and we made
it happen and that was a wonderful thing
the more I have to work to grow humble
the poet the more I have to leave home
and the more I leave home the more I
miss it and the more it's going to come
out in my writing and I think it's a
wonderful thing the other artists like
Drake are putting us on the map and me
Lily just want to do the same thing I'm
nothing more nothing less
you want to share our influences you
want to share our inspirations we want
to show that this city in the world can
have an impact on the art scene whether
that's comedy music or anything else
created
your authorization on the cameras on oh
yeah oh yeah
Oh
got the 60 oh the cold the lab chief
violent oh I know you know
we go
become
