oh snap that red sweater Doh team super
everybody
oh good morning so I I wouldn't say
pulls an all-nighter but kind of pulls
an all-nighter um I went to bed at like
11 p.m. last night welcome back to
stayed up for few I basically took a
series of naps but it is sleep properly
um I didn't vlog yesterday yesterday I
had a horrible day at such a bad day
I was so stressed I was like I said to
me by myself I'm not vlog but today we
are back on the grind we are vlogging it
is another workday surprise surprise I
didn't post a video yesterday as I said
it was a horrible day so I'm just
supposed to video tomorrow for Thursday
my parents reacting to IV i v-i tanks
thanks for your patience and a few
exciting things are happening another TV
station emailed us for an interview and
TV stations are all really last-minute
so they all email okay I feel for an
interview like right now like can we
come back right now it was like yeah
what if I got a booty call Oh what what
if I'm getting numbers what if I got
priorities right now obviously I was
like okay yeah whatever Josh help me can
come but like still um so they might
coming a little bit all right now cuz my
face Baudette t i'm that's happening
there's a lot of things to be done also
I've officially not officially
officially not officially kind of it
semi officially I'm completely into my
workout mode which is like iMessage the
one person I knew would know best about
the smells like Jay Sean tell me how
bite or to be pay or at least try to
progress in that direction and so he put
me on a low calorie low carb diets I'm
only eating protein stuff so my day
consists of an omelet in the morning and
three to four big salads for the
resident that's it only salads and
vegetables nothing else that's what I've
been eating and 30 minutes of cardio day
and the workouts and stuff so we gettin
ready for tour this first clip is two
minutes shut the F up Lilly let's eat it
omelet whoo yeah I stretched so hard I
think I broke my breathe haha um
so change of a man so we're going to the
interview at humbles house now because
honestly humbles been holding it down he
I love a sentimental moment humbles like
what a very rare individual he knows I'm
planning my tour I'm so stressed and he
like totally accommodates for that all
the time like he like it's okay like
the ideal situation for you okay like
how can I relieve your stress okay like
how can I fix easier for you he's so
like understanding and and whereas like
sometimes I act like a jerk he doesn't
even like make a thing out of it he just
was also cuz he knows like this is just
really stressed and so today I'm like
you know I'm gonna come to your house
and save you the trip and like try to
accommodate to you as I tried to he
might watch this guy you idiot it's just
easier that way but at least I'm trying
to return the favor a little bit um so
twin humble Tony Iommi's amazing we're
going to his house to shoot this Global
TV interview okay on a separate note
though and I you know I keep it real
with you right I ain't even saying this
have you been keeping up with Lana steel
because what happens is before they
release every episode I get to watch it
and I just watched episode I think was
seven and eight and this was my face I
was like it's so good like I'm so
impressed the next two episodes are
coming out like holy crap if you're not
caught up on that series another series
I do around like a makeup spine like
fight bad guys all stuff I'll put the
link in the description a triple W on a
shell calm but catch up on that show cuz
it's getting so good and I'm not even
saying that I didn't biessing you it
through I'm really like I know what's
gonna happen and I'm sitting there
shaking I'm like oh my god
and I know what's happening cuz I acted
it but like yo okay so I'm gonna get
ready right now and head to humbles
house and first I got to make some
salads to take with me because I already
know I'm gonna go with I'm gonna go to
his house are we gonna have to go to
someone next person's house then he's
gonna be all like yo you wanna have to
pawn a don't be like what can't be
having so much donk donk donk on this
tour dough hey does this ever happen to
this keeps happening to me I'm trying to
type like an Instagram caption I'm sure
you've noticed it can somebody make fun
of me I'm tucking Instagram caption but
as I'm typing it I just hit post by
accident and so my caption gets post
with like hey everyone noon that's just
an incomplete caption and I gotta edit
it it's like the bane of my existence
happens to me almost every time I post a
picture I have fat fingers finger
exercises
thank you almost me
and it's hailing it's hailing you look
who I am with humble the poet and where
you think we're editing are we edited no
no actor you interview ha ha joke's on
you no these are nice to each other
yeah that's why I bring nice and why I
have makeup on my face looks decent
and you turban with extra crisp did it
um so we're going to show you the
editing process for IV i v-i right now
which majority of it humble actually
edited but you know I was in from walls
apart and snacks oh really
yeah you can't edit with those snacks
that's true that's right came in so I'm
going on pop itself that's right and we
so really I was the backbone of this
whole entire project and for you
oh my god it's vlog section dundun to to
tea
alright so this is the editing process
this is this is what it looks like
before you see the magic what are we
doing here oh this is the best bad
things so good see have you checked on
the behind the scenes yet is on my vlog
channel youtube.com slash super blog
that basically tells a story to know
that you're already on time the channel
you're already on check it I'll put a
link in the description for the behind
the scenes that's right so we try to
find a massage probably even though we
have so much work to do my shoulders are
just broken right now and humble owes me
a massage I over my solid fat remember
wire from where what I'm gonna go with
it
I forgot I think I made the offer
because I really wanted a massage and I
thought you were gonna be like free the
next day for the massage so look at me
about myself a solid from home being all
legitimate and look at this look at us
yeah yeah some eat this right now
full remember earlier in the vlog how I
said all this knife stuff got humble I
take it all back I take it oh he's
leaving very unsupportive with my
healthy he's asked me like twelve times
root is good sugar
you know ruku before the food he's asked
me like six times or one Jelena is okay
he's like but they're fresh
still I care about my friend want her to
enjoy life a little bit out of the way
no but I'm telling you this is my going
to stick to it should be encouraging me
I deviate from my goal right here
oh no I'm not college a schanazzi
whenever I'm home none of the massages
worked out because everything in humbles
area is like exotic massage I'm like no
thank you
um but luckily enough my mom has this
massage coupon thing so I'm gonna go
with my mom in a little bit um first my
lie down for a little bit a few minutes
my head is really hurting um yeah
Oh God mice life is a series up look at
this this blubber sticking out it's not
blogger I'm kidding kind of is but
whatever
Nene PC bleep eating me um I was saying
my life is a series of working in take
naps I feel sorry for you that you've to
watch this yeah so I slept for like 30
40 minutes now I'm headed to my massage
it may take not going to massages and
Sur productive think yourself ik except
that I do all my work in the evening and
I cannot wake up and do work I mean I
woke up into some work but I'm Way more
productive in the evening and the
craving for some pasta is truly all
right now but I'll have some sunflower
seeds that's good stuff and yeah headed
to my massage so when you come back
hopefully I'm on massage down I'm like a
noodle and then I won't have to eat real
noodles lightly like I don't have to eat
noodles because because I'm a noodle
massage imma get nakey to go back for my
massage look at me I'm a noodle it was
actually good and now I'm like right to
work I'm gonna eat first and I'm gonna
get to it back in my dungeon so we got I
decided not to mix this as a solid this
time I'll have a solid for sleep but
it's meatless protein filled little carb
low calorie and then I got some
asparagus
this is how much I wanted to well on
tour yeah so YouTube FanFest sent me
this cool package in the mail and it's
cool have my CD all about it in ich
let's open it up and see what's inside
oMG how could they do this to me oh my
god how did they do this to me they know
the struggle oh oh greetings from Kenna
another one of these you know I love
these glasses Oh
oh my god is gonna kill me my Charu
skittles
please know me so well oh my god um what
is this Toronto brunch map I love brunch
this appendiceal I love brunch
love it love it what's this metal or 3d
laser seeing tower oh cool
you can make the CN tower it's been
awesome oh I see a t-shirt okay okay
okay okay okay
are you ready for this ahh Raptors we
the north we the north I love it thank
you so much you to fan fest don't forget
guys if you live in Toronto Gigi area
wherever it's a free event happening at
Dundas Square that's actually when
locations we shot at in our video where
we're like outside and it's like a city
type that's Dundas Square it's free
we're closing the show I'd love for you
to come out um information in the
description it is 311 a.m. I'm about to
do my thirty minutes of cardio
or attempt to do my 30 minutes of cardio
and then do my arm and ab workout I need
to find something to watch on TV while I
attempt to run rate if the irony
I'm gonna watch Food Network as I do my
cardio workout and live vicariously
through the screen I lasted 15 minutes
this thing so mother for loud surprise
my mom to come and walk me it's fun
that I can vlog me so this is motivating
so I got do 4 reps of weights for my arm
I think I'm dripping sweat oh my god I
have to do 4 reps of a lightweight just
a lot of reps oh I'm doing 4 reps of 25
done rep 1 1 2 2 is to literally taking
all of my willpower to do this ab
workout right now because I don't want
it to it I feel like death but I know I
gotta do it I'll go drink some cold
water and imma do it that's what's gonna
happen
like I'm not wanting this dog is the
last two minutes are just me complaining
I'm sorry please buy tickets - sure -
I'm gonna go to sleep now
I'm gonna sleep on my couch in hopes
that I wake up because then my parents
waking me up the noise of my parents we
can be actually waking me up
I'll see actually I'm pretty tired I'll
decide when again stirs but tomorrow I
got a jam-packed day I interview - I got
by the way mind if you come related to
the aired but I just missed exhaustion I
massage but I gotta interview it - got
to do a video I have to do you have to
do video um I have another interview at
force of to introduce um then I got to
meet with Durrani brows at 6:00 to go
over all the audio mix as I need for my
tour
impressive thank you so much for joining
me on another day if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
