no morning I was supposed to wake up 18
months ago but then I was like yo listen
I'm in this bed right it's so warm and
comfortable and when I get up it's not
gonna be warm and comfortable so so why
why would I get up but it's 1218 I know
I'm actually at 7 a.m. I went to bed at
like 4:00 and I've been waking up by
humble to be like oh hey so this we want
do an interview with us are you freedom
like no truthfully I'm not you have so
much stuff to do and either camera for
des jahres and then 6 seconds later jazz
called me okay the interviewer was like
ah some doing the interview it's fine um
I have a Skype call from 1 to 2 then
from 2 to 3 have an interview then from
3 to 4 I have another call and then from
5 to 6 I have an interview and then from
6 to whenever I have a meeting with
Jason oceany it was a very eventful day
happening today if I decide to ever get
out of bed which I mean he'll go either
way right now you know
mmm all right so about to have our first
major tour creative Skype call got my
whole thing printed out here I'm excited
I'm nervous this is like - every day is
getting more and more real I don't know
how to deal I can't deal with this look
at this dramatic lighting in my room
that has happened right now amazing
what am i doing what am i doing here
okay I'm professional I just saw humble
a very brief quick rushed summary of my
tour what did you think I think is
awesome I'm upset that there's no show
in Toronto for me to watch when is it
coming to trial it's gonna be really
good it's gonna be really good if you
see how much effort she puts into
everything she's putting that much
effort into the show and I wouldn't be
surprised if she just like exploded on
stage who knows I know I have the call
with my documentary director so that's
what's happening right now it's a Go Go
Go type of day
so I'm finished my call I'm really happy
with how it went
he's causing herself money because it's
always like seven people on the phone
and I fully told him I gonna make a
video about this guy's like seven people
on the phone but because there's a delay
everyone's overlapping Cisco hi oh oh
sorry yeah you were saying oh sorry
who's speaking it's accessory couldn't
utter state of confusion but um tumbles
on his call right now if you guys wanna
see humble being professional this was
happening I have an interview in 30
minutes is 30 minutes when is it in 28
minutes
look at that math wait it 28 minutes and
then after that she had said no show
coming over I never made my Monday video
still remember New Year's Day it's like
really cold by the way I'm not sure of
shivering all of the way it's like a
storybook I said something that happened
freaking great look what we did this
morning and home the board
what do you mean that what do you mean
anyways yeah
so fuel is the Toronto area or in the
GTA and you are in that area may second
YouTube FanFest tumbler for the first
time together
ever IV i v-i we do some covers gonna be
bomb calm calm that's what's a May
second up all information in the
description oh the most important part
of the day is look at hooking up home
remedy but look how big this oh my god
it's like the size of my face this
pomegranate right here bigger than your
brain actually it's actually but this
problem is bigger than my brain oh my
god the pomegranate is smarter than me
dammit
yes
the stuff by like you know like Saturday
what's the date today Saturday it's
Monday final mixes okay yeah she said
heavy yeah yeah yeah before it would be
even nice cuz I could listen to I'm like
playing casually slips it in ain't you
excited my joy I'm so nervous but it's
so excited are you excited for this one
a.m. I've done my video yeah and I'm
like am I gonna do my video I don't know
but we're having too much of a creative
flow right now to interrupt this but
we're we're getting some good ideas a
good flow going so I just don't want to
interrupt that process right now so
honestly guys for this for this idea we
are they're being stupid you guys are
gonna be a little patient with me in
terms of before the tour in terms of
video releases and stuff like that
because my sweater have a sentimental
talk with you later hey also its 3:16
a.m. and chasten Ocean just left with a
really good not only creative session
but like I feel like because the tour is
never leaving me so high stressed and
because we're all friends and I'm gonna
work with them professionally though it
is important to like touch base and a
lot of things to make sure we're good
like I don't want you know us to fight
with each other and I just want to set a
few like you know ground rules of the
tour and ways we should communicate and
how to prevent us from killing each
other
so it's a really important meeting which
had I feel really really good about it
um you know I love him to death
unfortunately I didn't get to do my
video as you see know how to print
jam-packed day and I had every intention
to do my video I didn't think this would
go until 3 a.m. you know I must be
absolutely exhausted so I'm gonna post
my video tomorrow make it a super
Tuesday I hope that's okay um I just
want to say it not saying in my video
tomorrow as well
I think it's because I'm planning the
tour it's gonna require a little bit of
patience and once I go on just do one
video we can I don't wanna do that like
I want to stick to two videos a week
before my tour during my tour and try to
commit to that but I'm gonna ask if you
don't mind I think you can have to be a
little lenient with me into when I'm
planning an on tour I mean there might
be some times when I miss the video or
videos late I missed a supermoon live as
well I'm gonna try my absolute best to
not do any of that because it's
important to me to still maintain my two
videos a week but just in case sometimes
I slip okay today I hope you can not
only I know you people who watch my blog
Channel and were my friends I know of
course you'll be supportive and
understand but I hope you can
communicate that message to other people
as well under my videos who maybe have
not seen this vlog or do not know I'm
going on a tour and just communicating
let it be known that you know she's on
tour and she's planning a tour and I'm
only doing it so that we can spend more
time together
so I hope that's okay and you know I was
feel horrible but it is what it is
so I'm gonna go to sleep and wake up try
and do the same thing again what am I
gonna have tomorrow don't have anything
o 12 my nephew's birthday that's gonna
be really cool it's my nephew's birthday
I have a call right before that's of a
call but if he's birthday just work work
work and posting a video so that's what
I'm gonna do um this is like happening I
know I keep saying this over and over
but this is happening much what's
happening this is like crazy this is
crazy oh my god it was so excited okay
fine oh also a few things
if you live in Toronto like I said may
2nd is YouTube FanFest is a free event
you can come check out humble and I
perform all the information will be the
description but if you live in New York
I'm also having a free meet-up all the
information is on my Facebook fan page
and I'll probably post more on Instagram
that's happening April 29th in New York
free meetup at the YouTube space but you
have to sign up for that one that
information will be in the description
as well otherwise I'm gonna sleep and I
will talk to you guys well if you liked
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
