you do me
good morning it is day two of luck day
two of locking myself in the cave
my sleep schedule is officially f it is
509 p.m. I woke up at 4 p.m. couldn't
fall asleep until I 7 p.m.
IV i v-i has destroyed the sleep
schedule that's just what up that's what
sorta that dad dad that's just what's up
my hair still in braids I am gonna take
this out today I promise it's just so
not in the way and so wonderful so today
I woke up and a few things happened team
super Israel whose name is shawni she
it's very heart wrenching she's going
off to join the army because she turned
up aged and so I had a very sentimental
moment reading her message to me
everyone jump on Twitter give team super
Israel on honorary salute because she
holds it down for the team since day one
I'm and then I was thinking okay if I'm
the hardest part we're going on a world
tour it is making sure that the jokes I
write and the concepts that come up with
apply around the world because things
that we might know in North America
might not be as important in places like
India around the world so I actually
messaged Beverly and team super India
two of my great supporters since time to
like hey help me out does this make
sense with India so I might be just
messaging my fans around the world
asking if my tour makes sense where they
are so if you get a message for me
that's that's what's up I'm trying to
make this a group effort up in here so
that was that I'm still how many times
I'm gonna say that's what's up hug
yourself rewind hug yourself every time
I say that's what's up including that
time and then Game of Thrones is coming
on tonight
but first we eat oatmeal then we get to
work huzzah that's what's up yeah so
it's several hours later is 8 p.m. I am
done the first draft of my tour creative
now I'm just going through and like
formatting it properly and bolding
things and underlining things it's a lot
a lot a lot of pages Game of Thrones
favorited two of my tweets that means a
good day
was an hour and left until game throwing
comes out I'll probably live tweet it
probably eat something but I mean I'm
sorry if my days aren't that exciting I
told myself I'd lock myself in this room
until I did my tour creative
be going off as if I'm not vlogging the
f and that's what I'm doing it's
actually really smart that I chose this
room because of all the things on the
wall every time I'm trying to think of
like a joke or think of something
relevant to think of a concept I think
of a reference I just look at the wall
and I look at all the things that are
popular right now it's great so it's
like look there's like so many ideas all
over the wall this is just the best
creative room ever to be working in so
good everything's coming up millhouse so
yeah it's real good
okay you have first time we want to be
alive right now
it was so excited I'm up and they keep
favoring all my tweets
I just just like that it's over game of
thones are so good if you guys watch
this drama course play don't worry about
Daenerys
she's BAE obviously knowing that you
know I like her but she's BAE girl needs
to sit on the Iron Throne Doh batch work
that's that was my brain back to work
I think I'm going crazy then there's
this guy right here just saw like I'll
put the corner just tripping me out a
niche bra it's not even that latest 1122
but I'm randomly tired and I just want
to keep eating things working on
costumes down
I want the clowning tomorrow chased in
an ocean area come over so we can touch
base on tour stuff and choreo and dancer
stuff and everything slowly coming
together be so helpful to have other
human beings in this room you don't care
neither do you okay you can but not you
damn it be at a situation right now I
really hope I don't sleep too late today
I do want to take my hair out and wash
my hair because that day tomorrow's
Monday it's video day I'm probably gonna
do my parents react to a V a V app avi
avi yeah cuz a lot of you have been
requesting it so my situation right now
it's time to eat food unnecessarily so
every time I feel like I'm having
creator block I just eat food so I just
like stay eating all the time
look I'm taking dishes upstairs and I'm
just gonna come back down more food
that's what's that hug yourself
so I was rewarded for my good behavior I
went downstairs and this like IV alone
popcorn and I opens box pop when it was
buttery flavor like intense butter and
it was like so fattening I was like oh
no I promised myself doesn't matter know
about doing then I came upstairs and
found lite version and therefore I'm
having this night because it's the lite
version not as bad you see sacrifice a
little god finds finds a way to pay you
back this is my motion from about to
have popcorn yeah
all right here we go all right here we
go here we go here we go here we go
vlogging you're working yeah that's
what's up my arms and so if I can't hold
up the vlog camera tomorrow you know why
I finally heard how to use this Bowflex
here worked out a little bit did a
little bit of ab stuff I'm just like I'm
typing I don't work I think I have what
other work does not translate to working
out I am the worst it's like almost like
I have a fear of working out because I'm
a dead person when I start to do
something I need to like instantly be
good at least that's what I try to do
working out is not like that you got a
bill to a certain level so the fear of
like me starting something and not being
able to complete or work whatever just
scares me like I can't it scares me the
worst I working out I'm the worst at
cardio like ever since I was a young
girl struggles like running or anything
as cardio stamina I can't it boggles my
mind how was dance it boggles my mind
but yeah oh my arm is broken
I'm gonna take off my hair now and wash
this Yosh Yosh so before I take a shower
I got a printout a bunch of stuff I want
me to print out for the accountant
appointment tomorrow
I don't do accountants and finances my
parents are going I'd have print out a
bunch of stuff so we have one printer in
my house this transform or looking
Optimus Prime over here this is so is
there printer into the black and white
so I can never put anything color
I hate printers I feel like they never
work and they're horrible and there is
designed to stress people I hate you I
hate you
without hey I'm sorry I don't hate you I
just I strongly dislike you so I got to
print everything in like my parents
office when I need to print ish and it's
so loud so like everyone sleeping right
now but it's Patricia Michael and it's
just gonna be a whole thing right now
but
lissa was so a so so what's up what's up
this is awesome the breeze actually
weren't that tight so it's not bubbling
way bigger otherwise but I mean I dig it
I might just leave it like this nice
wash it's pretty greasy stuff just like
loads of hairspray in a dish I'm just
saying what do you guys think of the
permanent style you guys think yeah I
think it's pretty rad to be honest I
know that cuz I use the word rad want to
go melodic um and pop the pimple in it
but maybe say honey don't judge me and
they took out some I took out my
blackheads this is how much of friends
where I'm showing you my soul or not
face because I allow you
it is like 3:30 a.m. or something my
hair is wet I am pooped I'm gonna go to
sleep tomorrow have a whole bunch of
Commerce Clause a call at 1:00 to
discuss my newly formed tour creative
with my production company and then I
have it's video day and then I have a
call with the person who is directing my
tour documentary and then I have an
interview at 5:00 that calls at 3:30
that I have an interview up 5 and after
that chase of motion coming over cause
me to touch base on choreo and other
creative stuff so the jam-packed day is
a lot to do but um it's gonna get none
what am i doing my video will figure it
out well thank you so much for joining
me on another day the tour is coming
it's a real thing
if you live in Australia your tickets
are still on still the link is in the
description releasing tor.com grab your
tickets my goal is to have it so every
single show for this tour sold out and
usually when I put my mind to something
into it so grab your tickets before they
sell out
well I hope you have a wonderful day
evening wherever you are and you deserve
to smile Sushma is that it I think
that's it if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
