good morning morning good morning oh my
god Lee this is not cold it's not
Toronto okay I better put this strap on
my arm bo wait for my camera over the
balcony morning it is 9 o'clock I
struggled to wake up this morning the
struggle was to wheel by kept seeing in
my mind honestly tomorrow you get to
sleep it white or work into our Saturday
morning where I get to sleep in I'm
checking out and playing to my first
meeting I have the math here 8 hours of
meetings basically from 9:00 to 5:00
all those nine right now house that's
like one hour less than the number I
just said I'm so tired look at this
amazing view I want to be in that pool
and in that hot tub hopefully my next
hotel has it but we're about to leave so
say goodbye to the sunshine no sunshine
for me know how feeling this wall will
be crazy because I'll be delirious by
the way actually no I feel ok ok best
meeting ever hi hello this meeting is
for the tour documentary on a trip to
unicorn Island and it is
food and therefore the air in my heart
this is the oh yeah oh yeah here we go
we prepare homeboy keep of it if you
yeah look at your mission love it listen
to that mission to set a new bar and
make the greatest most compelling
youtuber tour documentary ever made I
mean come on someone tweet that to me so
I can retweet it because I remember what
it was
so we've had two really great meetings
and I was lunchtime I get to eat today
and I got lunch best meeting ever two
more people to meet and food is here
that's mine my name comes right off is a
feeling are we having a good day
oh great day you get fries are you a
super day a super day that's right look
at my shoes I'm faces look at most
styling today Oh God look at this
conversation starter you know what
needed the touring crew and nobody from
the documentary five below need to know
their number so we've done our meetings
and they went really well
I'm very happy with all the means we
said I think they went super well what'd
you think they went super duper well now
I'm headed to my hotel and just to get a
lot of work to do and I'm gonna sleep
early and then I'm gonna sleep in and
watch Game of Thrones I need to watching
nine episodes by Sunday Game of Thrones
every man must die here we go Hotel this
it's one of those ones that keeps
falling over it's just let's just my
life right now
ace solutions are home for the next two
days showers Nike
still follow thing over here okay okay
look at this cool chair ba rockets in
this chair good me sittin in this chair
said knows chair like a professional
chair sitter
um this is also the same hotel that
Allah the stars gonna be staying in and
just siyang I'm excited I think I need a
little bit of me time right now I'm
sorry for some reason I just got a
sudden pang of anxiety yeah where's the
thermostat I thought not be not yeah
yeah that's up all right I need a little
of me time cuz I I feel a little bangs
ayat e and I need to just like today
it's gonna be nice and watch Game of
Thrones need some food just gonna Zen it
out maybe there's a hot tub maybe we'll
sit in the hot tub we'll see I don't
think it's possible you want to see bay
let me show you bay right now let me
show you bay all right that that's Barry
right there every building in the world
use have USB plugs cuz I don't have that
effing thing you put the USB two into
the wall I ain't got that I lose that
ish all the time I leave that Asian
walls all the time I leave that ish like
a neglected child at the mall straight
up that Bay right there you has B it
means so much to me he so I've just been
walking around my room I don't know what
happened but I feel stressed I feel
stressed
I was tweeted us before I've treated
that five percent of my job is to
entertain people and 95 percent of my
job is dealing with the psychological
challenges that come with my job and I
feel like that's what I'm going through
right now feel like my job FS with my
mind so much where I don't like when I
talk to people I have a million things
racing through my head because I don't
know why they're talking to me I don't
know if they're trying to take advantage
of me I don't know if they're trying to
manipulate me I don't know what people's
intentions are I don't know like I don't
I can't think like a normal human being
I don't get it I'm stressed now I don't
know what has happened I'm just like I
feel like I know I can't control
situations I can only control how I
react
easier said than done obviously and I
just feel like I'm in a place where like
there's so many things happening my life
I have my tour coming up I have so many
things happening and I'm just like I
don't know what I'm trying to say
I just feel stressed right now so I'm
telling you because you're my friend
you're my friend and I'm telling you I
feel stressed right now
I feel like I feel like so many people
and there's no one specific I just like
so many people in my life like I get
treated like this this thing like not
even like you know how and I'm not a
celebrity like I I don't care what like
I don't care what people say like I
don't feel like a celebrity I'm not like
Selena Gomez dick Minaj those people
they get treated like not human you know
the people don't treat them like humans
people talk crap about them to their
faces people talk horrible things about
the minute and people think it's okay
right for me and that's part of being
human people think I only have money
they're cool than are human they're
whatever and in a small way I get that
sometimes because I feel like I'm a
person with a story with feelings with
all of these things I'm not just an
opportunity I'm not just like a number
I'm not just like an outlet to 5.5
million people I'm not just here for
people take advantage of all the month
after time and like whether it's my
family my friends complete strangers
anyone to Dalek there's always traces of
that some more somehow and it's just
like I sometimes it gets to me sometimes
gets to me
I want a friend right now
I want a friend who comes up to me and
says Lily I like you for being Lily and
gives me a hug that's what I want right
now my friend who likes me for Lily
I'm sad I'm sad right now so cried for a
bit and now I don't know me I don't know
what's worse some food even though I'm
just be eating healthy but I thought I
would treat myself right now since I'm a
little bit whatever it's got myself a
margarita pizza and two cosmos there's
only one of me but there's two cosmos so
that's what's up 930 never side if
everyone not everyone have everything I
don't know this is this is a weird
person I go through an emotional roller
coasters like things trigger things
sugar that's why I need to surround
myself with good people and positive
vibes all time cuz things trigger things
in my brain and I just I think I'm just
I think I need to cut myself some slack
I have like I'm living a life as
everyone else does that I'm not trained
for I don't know how to deal with things
being thrown my way my life was amazing
I have so many amazing things but it's
obviously pros and cons to everyone's
life and everyone's job and I it's hard
like I'm living life I never thought I
would live and I sometimes don't know
how to do it I don't know how to do it I
don't know how to deal and this is this
just that I don't have a normal life
with normal people in my life with
normal you know this is part of the
package this is why I'm so against
celebrity bashing not that I think I'm a
celebrity but people go through things
and even if they seem to be rich and
famous and glorious they go through
things that the people will not
understand and what it is when's the
last time you know could you could you
say that on a daily basis someone talks
to you or someone does something or just
people constantly trying to seek an
opportunity from you somehow in some way
like you know you miss the simple thing
sometimes like people just talking to
you or not having to worry about people
having an alternative motive or like
it's just it's it's I'm a shut up
anyways well bright eyed brighter no
nickname inside with this video and it
really cheered me up and he's really
funny this is he sent me this thing on
dubsmash I know if you guys know this
app I've never tried but I probably can
sound like funny videos people saw they
cheered me up and now I've decided just
like yeah
I'm gonna watch Game of Thrones go to
sleep I have everything um yeah yeah I'm
feeling better I'm just gonna wake up
tomorrow and then take over the world
what else well you lured a no big deal
life's too short if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
