hey rocking the man burn but I'm a woman
good morning so I am so tired but that's
nothing new so I'm not gonna complain
about it that'll really hurt I'm waking
up in fact I woke up really late and I
should or I've already left like 20
minutes ago
I left my neck tattoo on it looks like I
kind of dig it I still got all these I
admittedly didn't have time to take a
shower I came home passed out now I'm
gonna run addition I think a shower when
I come home I'm stanky it's fine
I gotta Shinto through my people and
then there's intense editing day but I
need to leave my house so my uber driver
was a mess and I got here late but we're
going to party like when he gave me this
and I carried around me to all this
longer no no my oldest I got recently
there's all my binders in it so I use it
to cover my papers now so chasing the
coffee my answers
some home I took like an hour to get
home than going downtown you know any
time of day any time of day it's chaos
trial traffic is just chaos I knocked on
the uber and every time I fall asleep
mover I'm like I forgot I was ugly
because in public
I'm taking our nap jazz and humble and
another editors they're all coming to my
house cuz we're pulling an all-nighter
because tomorrow April 4 April 16th 401
6 IV i v-i my new song comes out and
when you're when you're watching this
that started off when you're watching
this that'll be today today we worked so
hard on the song so I really hope you
like it
I might need a quick snack and I'm gonna
take 1 hour nap and I see you soon he's
in work mode look who's here humble
editing the video attempting to assist
humble is a better editor than me so
he's editing it for the most part we
have someone else doing on a special
effects and stuff and I'm just here to
make food and find stock footage and
naked Instagram pictures I guess almost
the way better editing the knee yeah
Hoss is here I don't know why I call
Jess jaha's by the way I don't know why
it is I synced with the a like for
humbug on Hamill as well I don't know
why
jaha's Hamill I don't know why I do that
guess so it's not a question Siri agrees
Zoe's editing we're having a work
session right now hold up that magazine
there just we have a billion copies of
this magazine
hold on there it is yet that's me on the
cover that's what's up I read that sweet
nectar BAM my name is spelled right I
appreciate that I'm not such a girl oh
my god the rectal DJ yeah how dark my
armpit is everybody's gone on that
okay Wataru let's talk about CBC's queue
back in July you mentioned Bollywood's
biggest guest big guest star shadow
senior spelling error right home within
the media family his daughter an offense
Ohio shadowkhan yeah the life-changing
moment
well I mean I've met the rock you know I
love you Oh Rick matar√≥ shout out shout
out shout out this is Lilly's things
cool pictures yesterday in school but
look but look cute while you're in
school yes right that's right
wear overalls you know ACB blasting I
have 10 on my legs as well by the way
they don't actually look like that in
real life it's all manufactured are you
guys following her on Google+ like the
magazine says leave a comment leave a
comment and tell us what the hell
Google+ even though you don't say that I
love Google
no but I've asked people like I've asked
people at Google what is Google pleasant
like we don't know either just get the
anything happening IV i v-i coming out
two days now right now it's alright
alright yeah this little party are you
ready oh snap it's out right now I mean
if it's not all right now is gonna be
out this evening whether they are
watching this both 16 think it's so how
wonderful is my mom she knows that when
I wasn't a vegetarian my favorite thing
in the world to you was a chicken Korean
rice I was like that let's try making
vegetarian alternatives so she made
vegetarian chicken and rice and so as
many years since I've had this and about
to have you right now
stuck into meeting the rock this right
here e majoring in chocolate milk with
some beers in my hair and I mean I have
no care cuz me mix it with a spoon and
it's pasta afternoon and I am over the
moon
I'm mimicking an episode of Family Guy
if you know which one it is where he
does something similar call it below for
bonus points i yung mulah money so it's
4:50 a.m. we still going strong humbles
over anything
invisible straight left I am getting a
lot of work done so humble excuse me
Google keep which is like now I color
coordinate everything in my life is like
a colorful wonderful place of
organization so it means as I completely
synced on our to-do list I mean humbler
synced on our to-do list everybody off
sync synchronize they're like a boma
class zooming team and I mean and
everything's good and we're still
working fast was like a VI VI VI VI VI
VI you believe it
welcome to the life of an egg
we need two hands
it was a hello how's it
are you offering to make me eggs no god
no we're just you we just suck into that
level of insanity who you are now only
speaking to eggs this is the life of an
egg I try to show how an egg in your
eyes with friends oh and I'm president
thing so can we talk about that the egg
expired it's the same watch $15 me why
is any me not much because it may or is
March it's one of them you wide me no
because they don't do that because that
would be the whole month name and I'll
be unfair to the other months kind of a
stab
I guess the humble having you Joe humble
and I have a new joke okay well thought
of it actually buddies anytime someone
says something that impresses us what do
you think Ponty change you can't just do
we click can you hold mr. egg for
something to be clear you can't say
panty change its blend a ginge and
you're calling that thing you need to
clean up in Aisle 4 bodies is no
emergency PC you know the NASCAR when
they go into the air several seconds
flat so hopefully when you watch I've um
yeah it's a plan to change that's what's
up
can I have that
no I will go home now I will go home
look at all the friends I'm not a good
age did you really inky do but just past
six and we've gone crazy humble am I
mean to you people are seeing my last
blog I was mean to you well I didn't
want to live longer
Oh probably no no what we determined is
that and I think a lot of people like
this is an important lesson we're more
comfortable with our close friends and
with people that were we don't speak
with regularly we may actually be a
little bit more polite and nicer so it
kind of makes us okay humble and I
understand that when we're in a work
environment
no one's intention is to be mean to that
it's about the work so what if I say yo
that sucks and I think she sucks and the
thing whatever we have an understanding
like that so if I come across mean he's
probably not offended but the follow if
we get our friends to help us then
obviously ya know we sometimes forget
that like Oh Frank day might be good
yeah but I'm not I'm very seldom I don't
think you've ever offended me still time
however offended you offended me no I
think I think you love for Nicki Minaj
alright guys you just witness the end of
a humble a nice relationship so please
you every time they see you winking at
Falls rescue trend that's like
officially signify it's 7:40 a.m. he's
calling footage terms of endearment he's
cook he just called a piece of footage
you called her clip of my dear
everything mean home we'll talk about is
in citizens references and wasn't it
wasn't one of them like we're coming
this army yeah I got I got power
political power we just made this video
sexy something and showed me face and
you discovered already one two three
this video used to be family-friendly
now is just so sexy send the kids to bed
please know about nothing said he's
talking about an edit it has nothing
sexy hated he's talking about enough
fact to use that's what he's saying a
sexy okay okay that's cool this is why
I'm here I'm just saving the day right
so I think I'm gonna go to sleep or
something
either way I'm ending the blog because
because CY if you like it before I see
that support I'm javi I'm your work and
so are and a humbles work so hard on it
this man has worked incredibly hard
please understand every time somebody
tweets I'm so excited for IV i v-i
coming out today I just get more anxiety
because we're sitting here trying to
finish it so when it comes all you'll
share it thumbs up holiday-ish means a
lot to us because we're working hard
especially humble he's holding it down
so if we don't reply to like all your
wonderful comments is because we just
went to sleep until July true true
so yeah if you like it subscribe
