those patella
I mean to my dance addition to treating
the methyl because I'm super rude inside
I'm excited to go it have to be there in
about an hour but so traffic so I left
early and responsible I woke up so tired
you know the worst feelings and you wake
up your eyes with a burning you're like
that wasn't me this morning I could not
wake up it wanna live honest I didn't
wanna stop being booed now this is so
much fun there's all the guys we're
gonna stink of Cortona like see the
dancers make me famous yeah I'm so
excited excitement is real right so I'm
giving orders from people spills
oh cool we're so cool amazing my
memories are sandy there's outside like
a hard choice though there come to
unicorn Island that's a big that's a big
responsibility
Jason oh she might get caught I might
replace them I might replace them oh we
had to make some decisions right now and
it's so hard I already know chase not
gonna disagree on a lot but I think
we're all very excited about it you know
the hard parts we have a lot of work to
do so to get this for the first time in
my life a rockstar betrayed me exploded
in my backpack my backpack is like
totally F now Sandy's here material I'm
so tired
MJ but sandy is literally this gonna
take pictures of all of my clothes Joyce
has a style me and I always like I'm
like I have a billion closest just
literally coming to take pictures of all
of my clothes today that's going on
Karina I worked so hard right now
Sandy's going through my clothes take
pictures
sure working real hard right now
auditions are so fun I had such a fun
time it's like so real oh my god it's so
real it's a real thing right now
yeah so Santa picked on my outfits for
me I dropped her home I just did my
ad-libs I'm the worst that I was look
something about me that I need to fix
before tours have a very very very weak
voice if I like yell at someone for one
minute I lose my voice so I need to like
do vocal exercises and vocal warm-ups
before I go onstage and ad-libs and
add lives are like it's so weird to do
at your home which like uh-huh yeah come
on it's like that kind of stuff so I
just did those and we got a shoot so
it's 836 p.m. right now we're starting
our shoot at 11:00 p.m. downtown uni so
that's me fun I'm probably going to like
3 a.m. and I think we start shooting
again tomorrow at 7 a.m. so see me act a
couple days um and then on Thursday
morning I'm going to LA so I also have
to make a video for Thursday
so I mean I mean there's a lot of things
that have happened maybe if I had behind
this ball no one will see me so this
thing like before I do things that II
took showers and so sometimes I take
like two three showers a day okay not
three though my house phone stays
ringing though the middle of my
recordings ringing I'll be recording a
video ringing like who who didn't
telemarketers in this bra so weird oh I
ain't hating cuz like they're people and
they have jobs and school but like that
I'm a video Chyna record his songs dole
regen all right you're interrupting
you're disrupting the process so sandy
wants me to straighten my hair today
which I was like oh really yeah the
whole hunt I don't remember the last
time I straight into my hair because I'm
all about going that all natural these
days you know I'm not so much about look
what's even huh you need anything to not
let go of a vlog camera
I read be good what ha what ha I mean
that was some quality content for you
right there wasn't it as I was saying he
yeah he was shot
as always saying um I always take charge
before things and so like even logic
trials morning I'm doing shower again
because I need to I don't know get ready
for my shoot and wake up but this angle
is so flattering isn't it the worst um
is the worst all right starting this
issue
no judging no judging
I'm sandy so Paul she sounds like a
complete list of what we have to wear so
she gives us like okay hat hair
straightened this car lipstick this
jacket these shoes these jeans this
watch doesn't so she's bald like that so
I didn't put my accessories on and then
we won't go so I'm seeing a quick
something-something foil Eve I like
forgot how long my hair is when I start
straightening it like nice training I'm
like oh my sure we long or her now no
I'm trying to like not you know effort
arauco be stressed I have a few people
to apologize to though because when I'm
stressing a little bit snappy and I've
been snapping at people I need to like
send the modern oh it's apologizing
right now because I know when I'm being
like my foods ready BRB dude I like
totally forgot that I left Nicki Minaj
CD my dad's jeeps and I'm like jamming
nicely until it'll mix up because I
think it's been so long blog ception
look I win
I mean how amazing is this hold on tell
us something scientific something same
time well people get into crazy sleep
schedules so this is like the latest
we've been up in a long time honestly I
have like fluctuating sleep schedule
because when India was fixed and it got
up again so I just don't you have a
night out or an early oh no no I hate
mornings I'm not a morning person at all
I can't do morning genetics behind that
there's three things I don't like early
mornings cold and bras I don't like any
of them what do we do endo we just
wrapped day one of the IV video shoot
maybe wondering why he's so delirious
what time is it
that's a McDonald's breakfast time so
we're in downtown Toronto this super
cold outside started raining
we touched I talk I do product after
that tell you know what i'ma let you
know right now
Lilly is very Hollywood in terms of her
acclamation to the weather she likes it
warm and today is not warm enough for
her and she was cold and we understood
that but the second she came outside big
boom she was on it she was jammin she
was dancing she was given a 250% and it
was dope you know this is day one of
four so let's see how long she lasts
come on
on my last day 2004 also she loves you
guys so much that she wouldn't let us
use this memory card shoot the video
like he's in my blood it was a Sharon
love she loves you guys now mushy wasn't
it
otherwise you guys wouldn't see you guys
didn't see any BTS anyway I'm very I'm
very excited about the video I'm very
excited about the song April 16th
I've yeah I know oh and are you telling
them about the other thing yo we might
perform at fan fest yes in Toronto so
the one thing about left even though
it's almost been a year since it came
out is me lilium never before never have
we perform that together ever
except for the few times they paid out
parties we're together what you outgrew
be like well I think because we actually
found all the words of the song they
never have to perform yeah like chicken
gas making gas money but this time where
I see most likely are hopefully going to
perform it for free so if you live in
Toronto or you want to come to Toronto
me a second
come on me first because if you wait
tell me a second you won't get a spot
the free shall be sauna and fridge oh
it's so low I might drive home now but
it's also a big deal because it's on the
stage hold on that Square and I've
probably tried to perform on Dundas
Square about four times and something
bad is always having each time you've
never done it so the first time I ever
got booked there's a windstorm and a
garbage can blue and knocked a woman
held they cancel the whole they cancel
the whole event I know their time they
hired me to perform for some rally they
ran behind and assumed I went on stage
it kicked me off and they paid me and
said we don't have time for here before
us okay
I don't know if I want you I just have
been this thing where they don't so I
haven't actually ever performed under
state but if you're from trolling you
need to perform on this stage I'm gonna
leave so it's five something am
not shooting tomorrow morning what is
this little piece a hair growing just
won't give me a break well shoot
tomorrow evening though I'm so excited
to sleep I cannot even tell you how
excited I am just sleep right now it was
not long day thank you so much for
joining me on my long day um and we'll
party again tomorrow if you like
