and radio just out of it I'm the most
embarrassing effing first so
embarrassing
he was going on with much loosing
Ghazwan it he's a model now snap did you
hear did hear did hear if you didn't
hear - Here I am my Calvin's model now
if you haven't been people my gram hold
the F up I'm gonna start this vlog off
with some shameless self promo my
Instagram and Twitter check it out right
there go on the gram look at this
picture Brian oh you got well you got
tricked someone into letting me be a
model are you wait - hustle hard let's
do it head much today we gotta write a
script jaded give me the point we have a
video shoot I dropped my camera my
lenses I could help get in my bed I
might be no then of course I don't write
scripts are gonna do all those things at
first we powwow all right guys this
script is about working out one we're
gonna do the shot and then the shot and
then show the shot thing is shot through
the shot and then the shot and then we
act and then we'll do that with the
camera and then we'll press that red
button with the sound and then I'll your
we out here making this video let me
just show you some of what am I looking
at what has a really good question I was
just on this website right I was just
here I was just here and then I like
scrolled down right and then I was like
wait that's not me Holloway goddamnit
although I was here right and I was like
you are what the Buddha Buddha
exotic-looking mother effin Avatar
loungewear model right you up alright so
we gotta talk about this new thing
that's like been taking over the team
here at 6 o'clock and 12:00 news for so
many purposes this is not an ad not
sponsored not that it's just like I
gotta just tell you about this it's a
trivia game with a call eh - trivia
basically a whole bunch of people play
it's alive its real-time it's a trivia
game and you can win real money and you
have to answer how the questions twelve
twelve twelve questions and like
everyone's obsessed
they haven't obsessed so first of all so
for you to play it right yes nodding
that it's freedom
Donald plate you can distribute me win
real money but if you use this coat
Taylor's coat he'll get more lives as
well so if you can try it anyways dues
to others called wasn't it
it's cheap rooks it's gonna be on the
screen probably yeah it's gonna be on
the screen use this code so we can have
more lines and tell your friends you're
alright seconds so really hard to do it
but I'm gonna try thousand thousand
dollar question I think it's got 20,000
people the hell
Jennie's
to another land no Lily just grew an
Aerosmith
well are you sure this is proof but you
really can't lose the trivia also I
released my video I'm super sixty degree
two point on the video so many of the
comments like it's like a Christmas
themed video partnership with USPS and
at the end of it I announce that team
super consent greeting cards to other
members of team super order that was
really really cool because my favorite
thing about team super and this wasn't
even part of the deal I suggested it as
a bonus I'm like we should do this cuz I
love how y'all are so family-oriented
I'm like I'm gonna be really cute to
send a card no will be randomly given to
another member of team supers a meet
someone new I think that's really really
cool but so many comments in the video
we're like it's November there's like
hey it's November rhyming a Christmas
video and the reason I'm making
Christmas videos so early is because my
12 collabs with christmas are gonna
start soon and i'm not gonna do that
type of video a branded video that's
like solo i'm not gonna do that during
12 class i'm building up to 12 collab so
oh you're hating that's why cuz i'm
planning some fire also I admit I've
always asked me to interviews like how
to do with hate comments hide your
thoughts stuffing no Muslim don't bother
me but every once in a while they'll be
one that does today there was one that
does I have to tell you I was like
there's a comic how mean is this comment
okay it was honestly in your vlogs you
always seemed so happy because you
finished writing a script and this is it
it's just so bad and I was like so me
something about them being like this is
what you are happy about I was like so
vented with the team oh yeah maybe
sounds like two seconds but then I read
so many positive comments and I was like
yeah I so spontaneous plan we finished
shooting get made up Heinz and we decide
to go to Rachel plans album release
party she invited me when we became
friends a few days ago and I decided I
would actually go so I'm going tear
Taylor is gonna meet us there
it's the vibes you decide to go to cool
glasses today because with serious loss
the last time so yeah I am the most
embarrassing person on the planet I told
all these old unless haven't got to be
the shirt I came for at 7 and Rachel's
like I'm on at 9:30 I texted about fit
and Rachel just shut up and I'm the most
embarrassing effing first so
embarrassing Ivan Baron who should be
sewing that it's so embedded member so
check my back hall meeting gym playing
ping-pong waiting for Rachel shoulder
stars we can go back at the appropriate
time but ever I saw you okay so I know I
dropped Pantene and then USPS and then
Calvin it's like grand grand grand y'all
have like this whole out here just
making the most money you know what
you're right you're not wrong you right
before the year ends I'm trying to get
that coin why does 12 clubs are also
really expensive and the over the bank
thing if I do brand new content it's not
just gonna be like you know I'm a
creative you normally make creatives
just allow it
let it be give your girl of that for
making that coin let's just move on to
12 class
Oh
such a dope night Rachel is a performer
and a half and I frickin adore fluting
friends for exactly 72 hours and I feel
like she's my soul mate and 11:48 I have
to wake up at 4:30 a.m. actually it's a
life to leave my house of 4:30 a.m. I
don't wake up at 425 and brush my teeth
and jump regardless I have a shoot
tomorrow and the confines oh damn barrel
is so ring you should have been in bed a
long time ago but sometimes you just
gotta like do the thing you like okay
worst case will be tired tomorrow you
gotta support a friend sometimes a
liquor life just sometimes also if you
want support Rachel's album I heard the
songs that they were so dope you had
some dollars to spare I'll put the link
in the description some ways please
support my friend she's so awesome and a
lot like also I want to talk real quick
about like just how I'm so excited about
the campaigns coming out in some of your
comments in about this lots of times may
sound a little bit more about my makeup
is very smudge right now as it can take
me sure see why do I sense there's
conversations I'm doing ridiculous
things I don't know what the reason I'm
so excited about these campaigns because
like I don't want it just and I don't
mean that offense but but I don't want
to just be known as a youtuber you know
like I want to be a businesswoman and I
think a lot of the moves I'm making
right now I'm so proud of whether it's
Pantene or Calvin Klein or whatever it
is because like these are partnerships
I've really worked a long time to make
happen I'm really really proud of
because I want to be a businesswoman and
I want to be a brand and I think these
are really great steps in that direction
and so those are my goals and I know
it's easy for people to look at how
something like your cell like that's not
it these are brands I really genuinely
like and it's exciting for me and so I'm
I'm max I take you on this journey to be
bigger and greater and just learn a lot
boys so thank you for learning with me
and being on this awesome awesome
journey oh I put on hella face masks
right now together this this this this
this I gotta shoot tomorrow let's see
how we do it
does stuck with Lizzy how was your day
was a productive was a not productive
reflect have a moment of self-reflection
to be honest with your song if you
didn't do so great do better and if you
did great
give yourself a pat on the back either
way your days and your control honey so
take it by door Conner continues boohoo
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe hey by the way I post about
this briefly on my Instagram more
information to come but I will be having
a Calvin Klein pop-up shop I don't mean
to put this down your throat over and
over again but all things I'm saying is
I want to meet you if you live in LA I
love informations on my Instagram is
probably on Calvin Klein's and scrams
and Twitter's and stuff as well plop I
shot in LA soon meet me hug me
