it's a new day with new opportunities
what up everyone is showgirls that's not
how I start these laws so whatever
whatever was your girl superwoman
welcome to another day of my vlogs I'm
feeling way better today
I just slept in got rest and I'm like
honestly you're human you're allowed to
have moments of weakness today you're
gonna have moments of strength yes I'm
going to the MTV Movie Awards tomorrow
that's very exciting I'm gonna have a
workday first I'm gonna go get something
to eat because I'm starving
I'm literally starving I don't even
finished my second cosmos I like saved
it because I'm cheap myself in to eat
and then I'm going to set ourselves to
watch some documentaries basically let
me give you a little bit of let me tell
you what's going on hold on I got
everything I need I got everything I
need I let's go let me tell you what's
going on first and foremost so along
with my tour I'm releasing a tour
documentary and I'm very excited about
how I want that to look you know with
our and the message to being accepted so
that's where all the meetings yesterday
were so today Sara and I are watching a
whole bunch of other documentaries to
kind of get some ideas what we like and
don't like so that's happening make it a
massage and that's gonna be a workday
I'm really craving Chipotle but I had
pizza yesterday and my moment of
weakness so I'm really gonna fight to
not get Chipotle although like if I
don't get the sour cream and cheese is
really that bad it's just rice and beans
and crap we'll see what happens we'll
see what happens when I walk outside
stat stat my lips be thirsty
movie would set up I'm so excited and
also kind of nervous I'm not sure all
who's the call people that are gonna be
there but like certain X amount of
people so I wish I'd keep it together
though that's what's that food if you
were you CL food we allow it will come
to be food food food food food
all right you all right so I feel like
I'm walking towards to pull a that's
only because all the auctions I've seen
so far like to sit down
places that require friends that I don't
have and like places like this this
place is called fat burger that can't be
good for you like come on I feel like
Chipotle's healthier than fabric
okay but listen I got no cheese and like
this much savvy I would get know
something but the sausage too spicy for
me so I like needed to like not
diecis√©is no chips no cheese so I mean
and my Raksha I discovered a sugar-free
version of the one I like
so I'm also gonna try my best to work
out today I promise I'm gonna work out
today I'm comfort this is better than
the other options
so yesterday the engineer came to fix
the heat my room cuz heat was working
but now I can't turn it off and my room
is a sauna and if I'm saying it's hot
inside cuz I thought it's really hot
when all the heat is blasting my room
and nothing I do will turn it off Paul
Moser he would die he would do you
behind the floor he'd be dead right now
yeah so the engineering guy's not answer
now I'm just in a sauna and working in
this environment that's cool I'm
facetiming chase because we're
discussing the final dancers and I'm
really picky about all the dancers so
it's like a really hard decision Shea
say hi where are you my vocals on Chase
is very sick wait my blog too late the
engineer came and like fixed and now I'm
like not monthly anymore I need to start
working out from my tour I wonder where
crop-top haven't worked out yet dammit
I'm not little like girls so like I mean
anything's your fan I don't think that
right you know I could be like way more
toned and like I've looked a little bit
of a punchy family situation like if I'm
really suck it so look I like super suck
in like I can kind of get away with like
be like yeah but I do this like if I
pull my pants up oh I don't know we'll
see these pounds also have really lives
so like if they were tighter you'd see
like them really and the brilliant bloom
like my yeah there's no lines there no
broad ain't no lines there these would
be lines before the Chipotle happened
and like stress happened but like
honestly what do 100 sit-ups right now
here we go already what OH
what's up so I was just going through
the comments from my blog yesterday guys
want to take a moment to say you're all
so wonderful there's so many supportive
comments ever like really we love you
for being lily and don't be sad and you
guys just honestly the best not you guys
sorry I trying to stop saying you guys
because I recognize is such a sexist
thing to say you are all so wonderful um
thank you I really and I just I just
want to take a moment to have a
sentimental moment as I do my bugs I'm
honestly I know
a lot of people say this but I genuinely
mean it I'm not too much of an emotional
person just just the way life has molded
me I've become a very like just think
about things because one of my favorite
quotes is life and you've probably heard
me say this before a life is a tragedy
for those who feel and a comedy for
those who think because I feel like a
lot of the situations where we feel
things so drastically if we just take a
step back and think about them we
realize that hey in the bigger picture
this doesn't matter and it's okay I know
the one my favorite quotes is like 99%
of the things we worry about our made up
situations in our brain so I mean I
really do kind of like to take a step
back and think like honestly is not a
big deal so I take things very like with
a grain of salt I take things very
lightly but then once in a while like
something does get to me and I think I
forget in those moments that I'm human
and it's okay for things to get to me
sometimes and the yesterday is one of
those moments so when I get really upset
50% of the reason upset is because of
whatever's upsetting me but the other
50% is because I'm like oh why do you
let this get to stop this shouldn't get
to you and I think sometimes thing to
remember it's o.k I am still a human I'm
not a robot but something I just wanted
to discuss today is that I feel like a
lot of the reasons we stress and I also
tweeted this earlier a lot of reasons we
stress is because we think there's a
right way to do things and there's a
right answer and we're trying to figure
out what that right answers and honestly
I'm here to tell you and to tell myself
there are no right answers like there's
very seldom right answers in life like
you can look at a situation you're
having with your friends with your
family whatever you can think okay what
should i do what's the right answer and
there's not one there's a million
different ways life could go there's a
million different paths you could take
there's no manual there's no one in the
world has a manual says oh well she made
the wrong decision for this Agreement
there's no who's to say what's right or
wrong we don't have the answers we don't
know what's gonna happen tomorrow you
know what I mean so it's kind of just
like cut yourself some slack and I think
that's why I need to do to myself would
just cut myself some friggin slack you
know I'm living a life that's super
unique as we all are but like I'm doing
live I'm in experiences in situations
that I'm just like I don't even know how
to deal and that's okay
because who taught me how to deal no one
I didn't go
school in school I learned physics math
English etc I didn't learn how to deal
with people taking advantage of you how
to deal with being a youtube sensation I
hate that word but sensation how to deal
with people leaving you hate comments
those are not subjects in school so I'm
officially cutting myself some mother
effing slack and I suggest you all
should cut yourself some slack and this
was three minutes long what the hell am
i doing okay okay okay okay okay
I just learnt Instagram and saw a post
of someone saying that tomorrow Selena
Gomez is scheduled to perform at the MTV
Movie Awards no movie wars I'm going to
be at the Movie Awards I am NOT okay I
if the rock is I'm not even present sure
if the rock is gonna be the rock singer
and sweeter gomez Eenadu and Jennifer
Lawrence might be there
I can't I can't I am NOT okay like I
can't I can't I can't
I'm so excited oh my god
I'm just like you girls I'm just like
you guys I'm just like all of you I'm a
fan girl when it comes to certain people
I'm so excited I get to meet them oh
yeah oh yeah so what is six and I was
supposed to do something with Sarah as I
mentioned but she just messaged me
saying something came up and she can't
make it tonight now so I'm just standing
here like oh what do I do
maybe I do have time for that massage
though maybe I'll just have a work night
inside I guess damn I was looking
forward to it but hope everything's okay
with her that's cool I guess
I don't know that threw me off I guess
I'll have a work night and go for a
massage I feel guilty going for a
massage my day off cuz I'm like did I do
anything to deserve this probably not
but I'll do some more tonight I guess
then I guess
I can't
okay so doesn't say Selena Gomez on the
performance or guest list I don't know
if it's like a surprise thing or I don't
know if I just read something extremely
incorrect and I'm just totally wrong but
like oh wait wait let me check
performers yes he should not on the
performer list I'm two presenters either
it's a mystery
yeah so what dusters to get some water
but some stupid fancy water was $5.00
for the water I'm so cheap with
everything but one thing that I'm like a
sucker for is like water that looks cool
it's good it's a cylinder and crap and
I'm at Jerome in the elevator if you
know anything bum you know I love me
some Jerome and we always meet up every
time I'd award shows and we cuddle in
the elevator together I love him he's so
cute
now I'm getting to work so dramatic
message me and wants to go out for
dinner
that's what's gonna happen I'm just
gonna do my makeup then I'm gonna go
chill with the bay remember earlier when
I didn't have the nachos
when with Jerome Jarre last name how do
you say general shop - that's crazy
okay
god damn that's good yeah so I just came
back to my hotel because it's Jesse's
birthday and I had to FaceTime her right
at 12:00
um I just FaceTime drone she's having
such a good time so sad him out there
I'm really bummed I wish I could be
there but she looks just having fun and
I sent a little bit of a present with
humble and I might also humble they're
right here she's like no I'm like this
man is white for everything but soon she
should get us a pope she's gonna edit
this yo jazz soon humble is gonna come
there and he should have like a bottle
of gin for you so happy birthday sweet
yeah which was there but cool I'm in LA
it's fine
oh you see her when I get back I am
going to do some work I have to watch
like seven episodes of Game of Thrones
and I learned that the movie words end
in time for Game of Thrones so there's
like a chance I could watch it after I'm
very excited about this I'm so excited
for tomorrow and even mm-hmm I can't
it's all I can I can't just oh by the
way the Selena Gomez performing thing
tomorrow is alive it's a rumor it's not
true I already asked MTV just had a
drink with the MTV guy to confirm this
information so it's not true so my
earlier breakdown is no longer valid but
one day one day but no matter because
the rock is still gonna be there
so I've fixed my eyebrows dealt with the
upper lip wash my hair put mad burn acne
medicine on I'm ready for the MTV Movie
Awards tomorrow I'm going to do males
and then I'm going to watch Game of
Thrones and then I am going to go to
sleep if I can go to sleep I am so
excited
Wednesday if you want to watch a movie
Wars I found out I'm actually sitting in
the talent section so you might catch
glimpses of me on TV so if you do
screenshot and tweet them to me all the
information information on how you can
watch ok minspeak I'm so excited all the
information on how you can watch movie
words in the description it is eight
seven central on MTV today right now the
day you're watching this April 12th I'm
so excited I'm so excited - hashtag MTV
hashtag MTV with Lily or whatever just
I'm so excited please join me I am I'll
see you tomorrow for a great day
subscribe if you like it subscribe
