the need for sleep is too real right now
so that's the airport I am so tired I
cannot wait to pass the F out on this
plane yeah that's right I'm vlogging
let's check in my bags eat something and
then persevere through the day that's
what's up that's what's up around my
cart but the farthest possible gate bad
things happen to good people man I just
wanna eat one book that I'm lit right no
I said plan to plan again I've these on
this plane right now very upset that is
not one of those parts
I honestly in south sentiment to talk
right now sentimental Charlie I
genuinely don't care about things like
first mask that stuff but for the
slightest and I really first class
because I have a zero sleep and as soon
as I land I have to go to the utilities
that shooting so I was like if I have to
hit the ground running I really need to
sleep so YouTube is great enough say my
first class ticket I don't want to be I
don't want to say like oh I'm never
gonna hear all that stuff I can predict
the future but I don't want to be rosy
for the hostel like to feel validated
get first class to like to try to get
that fancy like I don't really care
welcomes like that but if it contributes
to my productivity and functioning then
I'm
I requested first class but usually I
don't think it every bra was thinking
when I was walking up the ramp was like
when I was in high school I used to not
eat lunch sometimes because they gonna
have no changes suppose would give me
money for a specific zone would never
ask and he should like struggle to like
find 2 dollars and 22 cents I could buy
20 Tuesday from KFC I remember being so
cheap and so but now I'm just like
walking to a first-class ticket I'm
saying thanks you guys not possible I
used to be like so you know how do you
feel there are girls in the overhead
losses we appreciate your helping
yeah so soon as I landed I'm sister
called Siri bust out my phone and my
credits are low so I was like go to the
corner it's like a forever long process
to refill my prepaid cards my credit
card would ask a billion questions super
slow like what is the street number of
the address associated with
this part it's a very annoying go we
just up to the YouTube space this is my
change room are you ready for why I love
YouTube walked in and so I just shot my
first scene with Arnold Schwarzenegger I
never thought I would say that sentence
in my life but I just said it look at
the space how they've set it up it's
like all Terminator ask and stuff it's
really really really cool and my gun is
friggin awesome it's pretty heavy but
this is the stand-in look come on as big
as mine
wait a minute what is it that's a
standard for Arnold yeah it's cool as
exciting and series here and we're in
the way this is so this is where you put
it the final moment in place again what
we've got here is they're seeing you
back there okay they're gonna see Toby
I'm pushing yeah being a TV journalist
for a Grandstaff you married oh my god
we discuss what I say video and remember
because of me it's because the veikkaus
because I mistake oh my gosh I need to
work out how you been
apparently me gonna work out what this
game but I mean I'm pretty you just blew
in I did we just food I just landed no
no mystery there alright done so was I
because I'm pretty unicorny born out the
go knows like shoot you in face yeah it
was pretty cool it's pretty cool it's a
unicorn unicorn II I used as an
adjective and a noun it's pretty much
all all sentient lives you're the only
corny person that exists unicorn I get
it are unique you check out my guns oh
wait wait
because I was hungry and they made
veggie wraps apparently they made them
for me which might be alive but I'm
gonna take it I'm gonna take it this is
all familiar look who it is
I'm Toby we met a few times you know how
when you eating no second time you whoa
sobbing on friends on YouTube
woman no friend mmm got Brian and then
zombie imma shoot I'm going to work now
I'm gonna spot look who this is so
little look at this guy
please no I owe it all to clean eating
and unhealthy eating have fun it's not
it's it's or sister
it's a hard short iodate is because
they've locked all the doors so seems
like it's dark but it was been sold
light outside I'm at that point in time
where my sleepiness is sitting and
almost like but no because I gotta
finish this I gotta go home
I gotta make a video NASA needs to
happen yeah no no we're doing okay so
I'm in the 10k dude this is hilarious
okay so they have the thermostat warmer
set to LA okay and colder set Detroit oh
my god this resonates with me yes this
hit home it's like my home and my second
home these ungrateful people you know
sometimes it le people complain is too
hot oh my god it's so hot these people
ungrateful ungrateful so there is only
pizza extremely cheesy greasy oily pizza
for dinner so I am walking in the
opposite direction because I refuse to
eat pizza
I already had to eat pizza one day while
Russia and fry VI VI mr. with humble
humble and I because there was no other
options but I refuse I refuse sorry I
know it's a dark place
so instead I make these very super
healthy raps and not sniff any pizza no
one would tease I come in this room
martini martini means last shot I could
use in my tomorrow wrapped 1039 these
are tired but it's video day so gonna
make a video and then I got a bunch of
things to have very exciting
announcement I guess I can tell you
because while I tense releases you'll
know the whole mishap that happened with
tickets with India the miscommunication
of me saying tickets go on sale 143 but
then they were on sale 10 a.m. like the
shows I sold up I arranged for three
more shows to be added to India so all
the people that missed out the first
time will get to do it and I promised I
would do something and that's I'm going
to do I'm gonna announce that soon I'm
so excited so that's really cool I have
to pee so badly but it's my hotel room
just for the night and tomorrow I'm
switching into another hotel
it's like overly fancy for no reason I
feel uncomfortable I'm not good in fancy
situations I'm from the hood okay all
this stuff laid out all unnecessarily
laughs oh my god I must have everything
already that wonderful time that I'm no
stranger to building a tripod kind of
things in my room let's see what we can
find here - table - garbage cans and an
ice bucket i some high-production
uh-oh time was 2:30 a.m. get out of here
- 3:00 a.m. I post my video I announce
India dates I'm now going to so it's
2:30 I have to leave the hotel 9:15 so I
can get ready in 45 minutes
so about 8:30 so get six hours of sleep
but it's Friday
no but Spyder now right button tomorrow
is which was so confused
I'm sure thinking why don't you wash it
get out of here but I should wash my
hair because I need to wash me or
certain amount of days before the movie
awards because that's the only way it's
like Renee Renee's doing my hair and I
should do my makeup so yeah I think I'm
gonna take a shower and then go to bed
thank you for joining me on this very
very exciting day I'm so excited for the
movie wars on Sunday if you want to
watch them the information will be in
the description how you can watch them
this Sunday at MTV I'm so excited um and
I'll see you tomorrow
thanks so much if you liked it subscribe
if you liked it subscribe
