money
alright so the weather is gross outside
is raining is windy it is cold which was
to shoot in a couple hours but guess
what we still go and do it first and
foremost I woke up as usual after
building things to do but I'm stopping
everything to go to Rick's house with my
mom and with humble because
unfortunately Rick's grandfather passed
away he's been really sick for a long
time so the funeral is on Thursday but
unfortunately I fly out Thursday morning
I won't be able to make it so I really
want to go today so we're gonna go visit
Rick at his house first and pay our
respects and give him hugs and kisses
and then went to carry on with our date
but that's what's happening right now
first Nutella anyone fleek
just mix it with DJ no on the blanket
wild show yes 92 5 can I look you your
favorite yeah so we just drove back from
excelsis you can see from my jamming in
the party I was very happy to see that
jab me in the car is I happy to see that
Rick's doing he's doing ok
I think he's doing ok so not warm yet
his grandfather lived a very long life
he was with me when he passed so he's
doing good and I'm happy to see that
we're home now I'm making rice bowls an
exciting call to Manali tomorrow I'm
actually shooting with a right fork
little bit of arnold schwarzenegger for
some really cool terminated stuff so i'm
very very excited about that humble and
I have counseled our first two because
the weather is not cooperating it's
raining and it's cloudy and we needed
sunshine but we do have another shoot
still for this evening starting at 10:30
so that's still happening this
multitasking going on right now look at
this and then when I come home tonight I
like one or two or three yeah I got a
pack for my play tomorrow so it was a
lot of things going on I'm excited
though
I'm keeping cool that's what's up game
game hi this is update I just a 20
minute nap
20 map I picked my bird and made it ten
times worse and now we're getting away
did we do the shoot oh look at that
do you all see oh really well FLC just
learned that where we're supposed to be
shooting our video doesn't have a
parking lot what do you mean your
parking lots been closed since last year
birth of the subway and it reopens fall
of 2015 but I mean just parking at the
mall but I don't think they'd be parking
anywhere close to the subway
we're heading to our shoot it is 10:00
p.m. we are going to shoot on the subway
which is gonna be like a gorilla style
shoot of us just dump it on jumping off
jumping I'm jumping out and hope for the
best and not going to jail that's the
goal not going to jail no jail so we're
here in the mall as kids you got my swag
swag on everyone time and therefore I'm
flustered because I'm here like everyone
it's like nobody's you I'm here because
first I was born those shots probably
won't make the video so you'll never see
me because my face was a bloodshot red
but I mean we didn't interested and so
yes I'm home it's 2:30
either leave for the airport at a 15 ish
basically I'm which take my third shower
of the day I know that's crazy but I
need to wake up a little bit and pack um
some tape a third shot of the day I'm
gonna wash my hair and cuz I can't deal
with my straight hair anymore I can't
it's driving me crazy
and then I'm gonna pack and I'm gonna
try to sleep in like an hour and a half
fish hopefully I can like manage to pack
without having to do laundry because
then I could don't have to wait for like
45 minutes in the wash point immense the
dryer and I need to sleep I'm trying to
catch a few hours of sleep after
memorize the script as well before I go
to bed so few things I gotta do but
we'll get them done we'll get them done
yeah so I'm destroyed my room again
my balls are just a repetitive cycle of
stupid things I do pretty much done
packing
it is 4:23 a.m. I rarely does at 8:00 so
I can get like what's the math three and
half hours of sleep but then I'm gonna
sleep on my flight as well every night I
lose my voice I don't know okay cool
we're going to LA to shoot with Arnold
Schwarzenegger and to go to the MTV
Movie Awards drone Sunday so make sure
you tune into that I'm very very excited
with the information for the MTV Movie
Awards in the description where to watch
it what time etc etc it's gonna be a
short but exciting trip and I'm so glad
you get to come with me um you my friend
I like you thinks being with me I see
tomorrow well if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe
