morning so does like 9:30 10:00 actually
making this up it's 10:20 I woke up with
a throbbing headache and knowing emails
so I've decided to eat food instead eat
breakfast
make some eggs you know maybe go for
massage my head is throbbing or I think
I'm gonna wash my hair I need to
basically eat and then get rid of my
headache and then get to work it's gonna
be an exciting day but to shower my head
is throbbing my shoulders like super
super tight so much like work it out and
to help me work it out get this so I
don't know if I told my sister about me
like for Christmas she bobbing and then
it came like 10 years later but like a
shower speaker so let's let's get into a
shower together huh it's my shower
speaker let me show you this friggin
ting right here you let me show you this
ting hold on hold on hold on okay turn
the power oh yeah I was turning around
basically I'm bluetooth so complicated I
feel actually that's just me because I
usually pay for my speakers outside and
I'm playing house but this will just
come in the shower so it's like ba Chi
equals clean massage my shoulders a
little bit I feel a little bit better
now I make myself a rice ball and I see
my balls I've just become like a
concoction of all the things I like in a
bowl with Diana sauce like yesterday's
like tofu and egg like a random stuff
you know it's just interesting today
we're doing thick meat chicken breast
doing red peppers green peppers lettuce
we're doing a chick peas and got no
black beans and we did black beans a lot
I don't think you can pan I don't think
you have any I checked downstairs I did
check with both hands yes um in
dinosaurs am salsa and a lumbering
youngers only good if you check with the
two years black bean right here right
here
first game we have to back me I'm like a
chef dude look at this I'm like a chef
and please clean the dropping bowl mom
god mom I'm reading the blogs today
right so I'm doing that thing where I
have a billion things to do so as a
result of not doing anything let's just
go over my to do this so just I'm just
thinking aloud so I got a send Jaisal
stuff for the newsletter so I need to
record secret video I need to record my
Thursday video I need to edit it and I
need to release it I need to write me
and humbler work on a new song so I need
to write my verse for that I need to
finish my tour creative document to send
to them I into a cortisol hunger
separate songs then someone else I need
to message and find something for my
hair makeup cuz I'm going to LA for the
MTV Movie Awards so I need to figure out
my outfit in hair and makeup for that I
have Billy Nemo's to respond to oh yeah
Nygaard do the other thing too
sometimes have to clone myself you know
moments like this like do I start my
work do I take a nap or do I do my hair
is doing such weird things this is what
happens when my nephew's FaceTime me
I'll be in my room having a sentimental
moment and my mom will come in here and
interrupt the whole situation because
she don't want me no quality time with
my nephews I'm saying if I'm facetiming
this working on my video it's called
types of cousins because everyone's like
you'll do what other types of video and
I'm like ah so that's actually exactly
how I'm gonna start my video exactly
like that
and my mom's over here doing work too
and I'm in a very annoying my mom type
of mood today and the team superstar
arrives
yeah for me and my I'm so that's cool um
and yeah where's the thing you ever make
up the lyrics to a song I think I've
been in that all day
I'd actually know theirs
I'm up in here trying to go bike riding
up okay one thought at a time you don't
make up a lyric song I've been doing
that you know Rihanna song four or five
four or five seconds okay I like make up
all those I'm like five seconds from
whining and I got three more days to
sign I'm trying to make it back home one
day yeah I wish I had somebody to eat
some lunch with I'm about to record my
video and I feel like things are so off
track because I usually write my videos
then take a shower and then record them
whatever take your shout out this
morning and I write about my video and I
was like how do i do my video without
taking a shower because that's my back
turn the odd anyways I know if I'm
supposed to show you this but i'ma show
you anyways little teaser as I said
humble and I are working on a track it's
so up in the air so like I probably
shouldn't show you this but I'm gonna do
it just almost for two seconds ready
that's it that's it that's it that's all
I'm showing you an ask they never did
this and it never happened my shirt so Q
remote record what is is there something
on the lens you see something right here
is that
looks my camera what's the light do you
see that it's just me then shooting my
video
look at this flattering yeah my name is
Sam oh I come from the ocean mmm I'm
gonna edit my video now then release it
it's 8 o'clock and it's raining outside
and I can't go bike riding anymore it's
also really dark but damn I didn't
figure out what this circle is you guys
might not even know what I'm talking
about there's a circle on the screen so
I feel like there's a circle somewhere
here I think it's a fingerprint I'm
gonna figure this out hold on okay time
to edit yo I'm so tired I think I didn't
get sleep because my head was hurting
but I'm so tired right now
it's 1080 my videos out you can check
out my main channel the link is in the
description I make me do every Monday
Thursday if you didn't know so that's
what's up I still have it over to do but
if you're gonna pass out soon
yeah later on when I say can't sleep
remind me why this is
it is 1250 I just did a bunch of work
for that track I'm working on with
humble we're really struggling with vo
concept because the videos gonna have to
be very done very last minute because
I'm going to LA on the 9th for a short
trip from the 9th to 13th I'm going to
the MTV Movie Awards which I'm very
excited about and wait for it hold on
I'm pretty sure the rock is gonna read
it I can't even think I'm pretty sure
the rocks gonna be there so I'm like
really cool people are gonna be like
Jennifer Lawrence might be there too
like oh my god I'm gonna freak that pup
it wasn't a few awards I'm going to LA
on the 9th I'm doing a bunch of cool
stuff there but which means like it's a
third right now so we're trying to
record a whole video we just wrote I
just wrote the song which I to record
the song which I recorded the video do
everything before we leave so in the
span of six days this is my life um cool
so i'm gonna watch Game of Thrones I'm
on season 4 I'm starting season 4 I need
to watch 10 episodes before April 12th
which is the day of the Movie Awards and
the day of Game of Thrones and so I'm
like conflicted but Game of Thrones
starting again on the 12th and so I need
to watch 10 episodes before that some
local watched an episode thank you for
joining me in another day so if it was
boring he was kind of a workday and just
at home chilling out but yeah tomorrow's
another day thank you so much and I hope
you're happy wherever you were if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
you
