it's way too early in the morning so I
know she and her cousin are still sippy
at my house I had to come to a meeting
at my accountants was so early I need
sleep I slept on the floor last night
and not that I care about that I'm
saying it's much sleep because we got
homes away
today's your day I gotta do this
accountant fun stuff and then I gotta
finalize an outfit for the movie awards
I'm gonna go change oh sandy got a bunch
of books we tumble as well and she's an
ocean his birthday so hopefully I can
have time to do something with her even
though we had a party yesterday but you
never have a definition this is that oh
that's was that all wrong so we let
accountants placed because with an uber
big waste of time and in government
offices are closed today so nothing good
happens I woke up for no reason
now I'm very cranky my mom kicked me up
my sister's house right now
look at these matching jumpsuits they
ready matching jumpsuits see hi see hi
hi money gather hi hi turn up I got this
okay another thing like this need small
nap vegetable a two-hour nap I still
feel really groggy I don't feel
completely awake but I just need to get
that fob I think the first time in my
life okay that's an overstatement not
the first time in my life but like I
usually good with dealing with work and
being a workaholic my feeling it's very
rare for me to actually be intimidated
by the amount of work I don't think I'm
experiencing that right I came to speak
I'm experiencing right now I'm thinking
I like to dude I'm getting intimidated
I'm like shying away from it I'm like no
I can't do it like I can't and that's so
unlike me so I think I could you like
just drink a rockstar shut the F up and
get to it like I'm scared right
I think I'm scared right now a lot of
today the plan is ah I gotta have a
quick little bone sesh with jazz because
I need to
we have auditions tomorrow and your
whole bunch of things prepped I need to
do by Monday video
Sandi's and me go shopping to confirm my
outfit for the movie awards cause I'm
leaving on Thursday and I've made a
complete shot list for a music video
shoot which is happening Tuesday
Wednesday and then I need to do my tour
outline and a whole bunch of other stuff
for the tour today that has happened
today all those things I've got them
today I'm about to shower
I hope mathematics shower and recorded
my video a lot of people so random we
want me to Google myself and I've seen
that before Allah pertain it's like the
top comment at the most amount of tweets
I'm gonna Google myself um a little bit
terrified to do that but I generally
don't like to do that q and A's are
googling myself because only people that
care about me careful with those videos
so I'll try to make these humors
otherwise but that's what's gonna happen
now go to my shadow speak o intern ever
just dropped food all over my news right
wild up night things everything I suck
at everything
um there's my video sitting right now my
mom aim is healthy things broccoli it's
tofu and then there's this thing that's
filled with spinach and chickpea is very
very healthy ProHealth thing it's
actually really yummy um I have to go it
with Sandy to pick an outfit look up
okay my name's in and I read all your
comments are like I hate seeing you die
hating I'm sorry I'm sorry
um my million late so she might just go
without me I don't know we'll see I'm
just trying to open in Senator that's
not me inside me communicate styles noon
I try on things under pictures she's a
magician
just in chaos right now and absolute
chaos right now it's one of those days
where I'm laying the stress kit why'd
you stop him it's one of the things
where I'm like this dress got to me like
everything is going wrong because I'm
didn't stress guys do my video editing
it like I forgot to cry save now my
computer like froze and then I Rouge
disaster and then I had an outfit plan
to them do you move yours I tried on
doesn't fit anymore because like
apparently my boobs drew I don't care if
that's inappropriate to say I'm stressed
and then like I got my car my car have
gas like coal outside is that just the
billion things going wrong right now and
I'm just like trying to finish
everything I'm going to be multitasking
doing a few things at once not
complaining just ranting cuz you're my
friends and we'll have to do this so
yeah now mine weights them all which I
wasn't supposed to do but my outfit and
feel like I said humble is still waiting
for your column to go to the shot list
my videos uploading right now like I
don't understand and it's winter outside
so that's what's dude it's good alright
so he's in the mall I didn't vlog this
whole shopping experiences I was in
chaos asked Andy I'm like not even here
I'm here but not here I'm doing a
billion thing I know so only a pony here
in Jasper found out I'm like no I'm
eating healthy I'm on this no yesterday
no she's party I didn't eat anything I
thought I was too all I had was a
popcorn cuz I brought and I knew was
like butter
so I don't know so dinner was pizza and
I'd have any pizza and if any candy I
don't have anything at that party and I
starved he loves toast my solid enough
about solids I was doing anything which
is not healthy I don't encourage that
but I just that was what I did and
anyways I got my outfit
and Sandy killed it sighs kg killed it
yeah I'm excited awesome she's telling
everybody out of the water she styled
also I get to possibly not wear heels
room very excited about yeah so that's
what snap and now I'm getting home to a
billion things and iPhone is like kind
of dying so hopefully I make it home
because I you know I don't know how to
get anywhere so well seized a tune you
just got home and dropped a billion
things my mom such as sweethearts before
I left it I was like telling her how
stressed I am I'm like mom like please
help me I'm really stressed and she
cleaned my room for me because I told
her I can't function like and oversleep
and stuff so she folded on my clothes
and I clean my room for me like a little
bits only second function a bit she's
the best she's the best I just got home
conference call regarding tomorrow's
auditions so yeah sleeping last night
really catching up with me right now
it's 12:00
I gotta be downtown for 9:15 okay it's
prioritize my to-do list
cuz I'm gonna fall asleep soon um look I
just heard another version of the final
version but like a final her version of
humble and I song it's a good one it was
a good one yeah yeah I'm gonna like this
April 16th 416 watch out oh yeah yeah
you watch that you watch out replying
honestly humbles a great person to work
with let me show you this look at the
shot list this man made he made this he
made this short list he's the best like
he everywhere I work with need to be
like humble every single person tweet
him and let him know I said that every
person needs to be like humble oh here
to your seat see it is 139 I don't work
about seven and I don't about seven and
the emails for about eight downtown
traffic is too real though um dude too
much dude tomorrow is my dance auditions
like are my dance auditions sorry I
can't speak English I'm auditioning
dancers for a trip to unicorn Island
world tour like I
it's like the first real thing that's
happening I'm like so you know it is I
never sent ependymoma with you yesterday
right now sorry I know my speaking in
English has not been has not been prime
as of late but but I decided today I'm
like the next couple days are really
hectic that's because humble and I are
working on a new song called world her
stuff coming up my trip to LA when I
come back from LA though I'm gonna stop
everything the only thing I'm gonna do
is my Monday Thursday videos and work on
my tour because I really feel like today
when I was thinking about it I'm like
I'm not able to be excited because I'm
just so stressed and I need to change
that because my number one priority in
life is always gonna be happiness
so I remember seeing all these
interviews of people I remember Miley
Cyrus actually said in her interview
once someone's like if you could go back
and change anything what would you do
and she said if I could go back and
change anything
I would slow down a little and enjoy the
moment and I want to always remember
that like I want a freedom world tour
and to enjoy every moment to be grateful
for every moment that I want to be
stressed so I need to slow down and like
take it all in so when I come back from
LA on the 13th or 14th that's what I'm
gonna do the next couple days I'll just
dress but I'm gonna try to enjoy every
moment because this is great this is a
great experience and it's gonna be
awesome
so tomorrow where are you people and I
can't wait for you to join me on it if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
