I just marry mr. burns I match perfectly
now I'm not concerned like is this gonna
stay here a long time my mom's like what
the hell you been face I was like oh
hopefully some concealer can cover it up
or something good like Doug like I
doesn't feel like it's like you know how
you feel like it would be peeling off
sand doesn't feel like that oh my god is
part of my face forever today is an
exciting day and honor I'm wearing my LA
shirt because muted ocean New York
always call ourselves LA at 12 o'clock
today is an ocean his birthday and we
are throwing her a surprise party and to
make sure not to say yesterday's vlog
cuz I was like for some rare chance that
she's a good friend and watches my log
202 I she's a great friend but um so
we're throwing a surprise party chase
tonight
Chase has been a great help organizing
and obviously I'm I feel like I'm the
most chaotic in my life it's just like
I'm used to be really busy but I'm
really busy in the sense like I have so
many things online so I literally just
stopped the date I'm like okay what do I
do to do next like and I feel bad cuz
last night I just I just apologized on
blast I like I was really snappy with
humble cuz I had to do that just stuff
for applying a video and like I was I'm
usually not ever snappy with him because
he's such a patient person but I had got
really snappy then I got home I
apologized I was like I'm sorry I feel
really bad so I gotta hug it out with
him today too
but yeah I had the duty of getting all
the plates the napkins all that stuff
and getting there early and making sure
everyone arrives Chase is gonna bring an
ocean II I'm so mean unless she's sister
and do that so I have a bunch of things
to do to make matters not easy it's
Easter
so everything is closed so I'm supposed
to pick up stuff in the grocery store
every single one near my house is closed
I'm gonna go through my house and see
what I can rummage the great news is my
Indian parents like to stock up on
everything so I'm sure if I go
downstairs it'll be a grocery store
anyways let us go check see you see I
told you look got so many plates so many
cups I'm good I'm good I'm chillin girly
hurts today oh my God my legs broken
alright alright so I found a gas station
that was open I got thank God no she
sister got the actual food food I just
got a whole bunch of candy no you know
how gas stations are like so the candy
so like overpriced
I don't know this because my family has
gas stations so I got a bunch candy now
I'm gonna
ready I'm really tired today you know
this I like I need more sleep than the
average person I can admit that that's
one of my weaknesses I need like a lot I
need like 10 hours of sleep and I got
like 5 or 6 oh I'm sorry like but first
or did jority get my nephew took the
ballroom now I can't play basketball and
Sue hoops okay
Oh work no play sometimes don't I also
just realized I was probably up noxious
ly chewing my gum in the last scene so
I'm sorry yeah okay I'm about to shower
and get ready look I just how do I find
anything like half of my clothes are
here what's going on I have a few
options are things gonna where I'm like
so excited it's emotions birthday love I
know SHINee but she's like one of my
favorite people in the whole entire
world
ah I feel I'm so happy chased like
although I'm gonna hold down the
surprise brother he did a big part of
planning this and I appreciate that our
friends are so patient knowing that I'm
always like traveling doing things like
I've missed a birthday like two years in
a row
I think I'm mister last year out of the
year before that and I'm so glad to be
here because I couldn't actually to do
things with the people I love it makes
me very good I'm gonna give her 1
million hugs where am I going on I need
a shower
stop
okay so a little bit of my burn like
peeled off and I'll it kills and now I'm
like make up on us your burn you stop
talking when they speak of jelly okay
the moment has come where foundation on
every one of my face except for there so
like a second cap of makeup I'm scared
I'm scared I'm gonna do it BRB talking
about which burned like it stuck I see
it but what you're talking about which
burn basically this is my vibe is the
top I brought from India which I really
love it's on forever 21 speaking so cute
it's like so loose free and so I'm not
okay I'm probably gonna be running
around playing this party freaking
people I go show where he'll show
address my f you want it's a friggin
apartment like banquet hall there's no
no one's gonna not let you in sounds
like yo I'm gonna be running around I'm
a good time up heels I'm straight up
rocking my Tim's I don't give an F I am
rocking my Tim's with this getup cuz I
can do whatever I want that I don't give
no type yeah right so I made it into the
party room chaos we got here and the guy
wouldn't let us into the party room in
an ocean he was like on her way and I'm
like I need to go to the room the guy
was like so freaking rude
I cannot stand rude people though but
long story short we got in this is we
got a little thing decorated for her
this is my dungeon literally for the
next few hours cuz I know SHINee's
upstairs and I'm here setting everything
up
for the video like the next three hours
so myself comfortable
surveys
Oh
yeah
because she knows she doesn't know she's
a hot mess and you know me know she
loves popcorn so she made these
okay
coming together so well oh my god
amazing
I used to make cakes but I need is like
100 times better than me that's 100
whole times
I'd go of it and so funny that like I
know she's upstairs getting ready for
our dinner and we're I like down here
so happy those are terms right now so
happy bug juice barely made it
it was like are you nervous for a trip
to unicorn Island tickets ago I'm sounds
like
all the fields right now
so people are late but it's okay yep
good party
so none of these things are no she's a
surprise when the guitarist I know she
loves guitarist like she can she's nice
you can make she can she can right
- cute is this
on the mic oh my god
