when you wake up with your makeup on you
know it was a good night last night I
feel but you know what it's okay because
I'm not in my dress
so give yourself credit where do it's so
bright and sunny outside and wonderful I
today I'm being able to hum will we're
going to studio to record a new song so
that's exciting in the same way we
recorded lab which is pretty much like
I'm really shy when it comes to rapping
like I really come from front on camera
now and that's come over time but
rapping something I'm still really shy
so the only person I'll rap in front of
really is like humble so we always like
rent the studio and it's just him and
like I refuse to have any when I was
there so I refused to have anyone host
there that's happening I'm gonna need
some breakfast first I'm gonna fix
myself I need to like deal with my room
a little bit we'll see if that actually
happens but yay it's sunny and I'm happy
new dough for breakfast
oh I don't know if you saw this in the
first clip maybe you did yesterday while
getting ready
I burned my face a little with the
curling iron it's just like my curling
iron just touched my feets like a second
house like oh that was nothing like
nothing will come of this is cool
are you ready
let this be called the journey of
destroying my face I'm just on a journey
to destroy my face apparently oh my god
I don't even know if it looks that bad
on camera by the gun personals real
actually no it looks bad on both I'm a
half to Polly's porn this the shop I
think I'm not gonna wear any makeup
today let my skin breathe a little bit
I'm gonna leave a few minutes but oh my
god oh yeah you guys ready for this
there's cats on my pants come on come on
it's gonna be a good day let go when
there's cats on your pants what can
really go wrong
so I'm leaving my house a lot hungry so
I got some food here you know that's
right I'm leaving I'm leaving a high
life you living the high life get this
I'm so directionally challenged we sure
one of my biggest weaknesses I have a
horrible sense of direction I'm talking
like I can go to someone's house a
hundred times and still know how I get
to the house with a GPS so you know how
many times I've been to his house but
because like it's been maybe like a
month or two since I've gone I forgot
how to go so I need to like I asked for
address again to GPS it I'm talking like
I get lost in my hotel sometimes but I
have a horrible sense of direction it's
really really bad yeah Lego we gonna
drive just I'm nervous I'm not gonna
even though like humble is probably the
person most comfortable um rapping for
him because he's really good at and he's
really supportive it's a little bit
nervous I get a little bit like you know
self-conscious sometimes but uh he's
really good at making me feel
comfortable when it comes cuz I run for
laus dressed as well and he was like
really really supportive about it so
because he's like not just support he's
honest if you something that sounded
okay I don't think this one's that good
let's do it again like this like he's
just very like real and very like ooh
cool so I appreciate that I probably go
a little bit late oh my god wait how
have I not done this yet Oh Brady on
fleek right now I'm too
and we're driving to studio downtown
which is not close to where either of us
live but it's a snap we're gonna go with
our bootleg setup and our ghetto
equipment and our food and we're gonna
record a song I've already given them
like four seconds artisanal Vince went
oh yeah it's like four seconds oh they
don't know anything about anything else
but you will soon so we're in this room
right now put the band of their soul out
sore moon to a room down there this room
stinks
it smells like serious to me no but I'm
not being like oh so I move for next
room this room doesn't smell like Bo but
it just smells like every single drug
known to mankind in this room humble is
doing his scouting of where we should
record so he's yelling into the walls
courtesy all right let go time to make
another hit or try our best and stuff so
get this we leave the studio it's April
it's April what if it was a date April
3rd April 4th okay we got a studio look
at the snow it's like there's something
there's so much snow I know just look at
it from this angle but there's a lot of
snow at the whole back
that's know this is snow what the hell
is going on here so we're just gonna go
straight to the airport right hook is
know me of the car we should abandon the
car I was gonna go to Jamaica right now
let's go to that triggered a Jamaica I'm
down also humbles trying to convince
meet up Chipotle rain I don't know I'm
eating healthy who don't have celery
cream like cheese like dole of cheese an
object or nachos was appointed golfing
we'll see what happens you got to go
back to his house into a whole bunch of
other work but it's snowing so downtown
might just shut down right now
the heat on because kid doesn't look on
okay so how strange is this where I
subway because she portly the parking
situation is too packed dick and I'm
getting my baked chips I put them in my
sub and then humbles a guava techsmith's
they're so relevant to read this
technolon straight my sister when
delicious and she sent this three hours
ago okay she goes am at Subway and these
girls are talking about how super woman
puts chips and their subs so they're
doing it - no way that's happening so
weird yes I put chips in myself it's the
greatest cuz they're baked not fried and
therefore they're not unhealthy like
it's like dug per one pack two grams of
520 calories come on hey oh my god how
do you how do you destroy your sleep
pattern let me tell you you friggin
still be awake at 5:30 7 a.m. my sleep
schedule was fixed and I've acted up
basically what happened was I was at
humble zones until like 2:00 a.m. we
were planning the music video totally
got caught up in work and forgot that I
had to call chase at 12:00 because I'm
basically having auditions for dancers
for my tour on Tuesday and so today was
the deadline for submission so you had
to go through all the dancer submissions
so there's some really sick dance or
some excited for that professional dance
auditions for a trip to unicorn Island
that's right that's what's up so that's
happening Tuesday met to go through all
that and different emails and that took
a lot of hours so that just happened and
now it's closed its exam I'm gonna go to
sleep and tomorrow we are doing stuff as
well
but there's cats on my pants um thank
you for joining me on another day I will
see you tomorrow if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe
