goodbye how is all this gonna fit it's
not okay we're saying so we are headed
to the airport right now active duty it
is 4:00 a.m. and I'm officially sick and
I'm cranky and when I'm cranky I'm a
little bit feisty
all right we're taking off - Finley must
leave for two hours
going to my happy place
cause a lot of my happiness
I can't hear anything
mm Punjab for the golden temple is that
we have three hour drive he can't hear
me loud orgasms
yo so waiting for our luggage my ears
are really really really blocked right
now just to give you a bit of knowledge
I actually I'm Punjabi northern India
that's where my family's from and the
first time I came to Punjab when I
walked outside I was like what is this
random statue of a cow doing in the
middle of the street there was no statue
and that's why when I went to Bombay I
was like oh my god it's so different the
job so you're gonna see these vlogs how
different Punjab is from the last few
blogs in Bombay because this is like
village India cows that track it's gonna
be good I love it I love all parts of
the new like I love a village and I love
the city to experience it with me it is
so hot
I created my own shape thing on the
window right now peeling oranges in the
car just for job
you see better in a bit yeah about it
so he came to my dad's dad house got
floured no was but grabbers gave me a
such a cute speech right now thank you
so my ears so fun we can't hear anything
it was awesome rude okay so I just felt
like a wild parrot like a parrot to fly
in the sky I can take the ball turns in
pet stores that's all the JIT parrot
like it was a pair of her that's all
paired did you hear me do you hear me I
saw parent it was green I used to think
it was green
let's say parent one more time drinking
game rewind this part and take a shot
every time we say parrot okay okay okay
okay okay
let me show you the difference between
Mumbai and resharper Punjab okay this is
a hog just telling her
stealing stealing all the streets back
over perfectly lit okay that's true so
basically how G is diseased he got
bitten or did something to his leg and
we show you how gross it is good all
like gross things don't look not that
goes but they call like for how do you
feel about this rifle dying so we're
trying to get a doctor for him worst
case we might have to cut it off and
make peace with it and make peace with
it you're right with that right yeah
that's cool wheat Musa me whatever
things happen so just in case my vlogs
don't come out my videos don't come on I
want you to comprehend why okay this is
Google I'm gonna press ENTER on Google
okay I'm gonna let you know when Google
loads I'll let you know I'd like to know
oh okay loaded that was better that was
only like 30 seconds I was better okay
let's go to YouTube okay so I've put in
YouTube I'll let you know when it loads
sit tight okay it loaded so it's getting
a little better 30 seconds whoa
but just in case my Asia slow probable
just no hi
okay let me show the struggles my blog
my blog so not even like my HDSLR my
vlog is gonna take 400 minutes to upload
I just want to prep you for what's gonna
come I am going back to Toronto I'll I'm
back in Toronto on March 30th though so
I mean it's just
why does my calendar say July 17th what
is even going on right now what's my
life about look at the litters it's July
17th I don't think it is
thank you so much the fan that got me
these life right now
cookies and cream is my favorite this
mouth you unwrap this for me dog
I kinda I'm using oh good mmm there's no
makeup date clearly my makeups on some
neck Sookie's over there so I was
wearing my funky pants mom no
all-natural gives enough talk about the
elevators these elevators ruin my hair
is up I lose such a chubby nine-year-old
boy I'm okay with that
mister please elevator second helping
they are like literally 1-1 not people
guys let's take the elevator and cuddle
so there's there's a floor zero in the
buildings
we're snug art me so this is different
six people ah for max with all the grain
stand right there
yeah Cornett kisses kisses so way to go
suit shopping because use of
satisfaction help me pick some dope
suits is the pro and I'll go my dad is
motorcycle and hopefully not off that's
up
Oh in India they don't indicate they use
their horn she's - costly boards work
I'm going to show you how close they
actually get to other cars game
the bugs which my eye
so that summer called the job cloth
house we'll get our shopping oh yeah
although like I didn't remember the last
time I worse than someone because I'm
also always so often my super own
persona but like I like wearing since I
like being fabulous running around trees
and stuff hi doggie
let's do not giving enough
straight up like your I'm in this Lane
right now yes up that's what's up will
you everyone that's all sir yeah I
actually like yes I like I like the
rickshaw well you see we got a better
giant order yeah uh this is what I could
have things open job this is how you
shop you sit here and they show you
close it does it yeah yeah I like that
like that hello much Headroom I'm up
here
oh yeah you think he's having a great
time
hey papi what's up so we say menu I head
out of here and you know cuz you oh I
gave you three thumbs up though just
play right there that that stay right
there
okay out of ten I'll give you nine don't
didn't get it and do good so I spot some
awesomesauce suits that are very happy
well I just got everything that looks
really really different and unique and
really really fun to you
my ear is still plugged yeah my ears and
sometimes it's a plug for like a day so
I still can't hear anything right now
going back to my grandpa's house tracks
of dinner
and yeah tomorrow we're gonna start some
patience but yes I wanna eat some socks
because the doctor said to give him
different socks I don't know not even a
bubble my mother another boy appropriate
comments you make Samantha indeed ice
cream
no one saw that diary tomorrow this is
why so we're back in our hotel is when
this you know the vlog that I start
uploading before I left like several
hours ago still has 300 minutes to go so
really I'm always like I'm talking to
you but are you ever gonna see this I
don't know I don't know you might never
see this because it might never upload
okay yo I'm really tired and I think I'm
fall asleep soon not yet but soon um so
just in case it happens I'm and the vlog
here not really knowing when you're
gonna see it because god knows what's
gonna happen um ah man Internet why is
it a struggle um
wheezing Punjab that's what's up if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe I do like it subscribe
