being the shade here it's hella hot what
does the Sun look like okay I'm on done
what I think I just hit puberty let's
rewind welcome everyone to let me sing
vows were a product to be lives in what
we also harder we are a little bit of a
vacay but not really cuz vacay what are
those things sometimes good but right
now this is not that we are in Arizona
right now for zeitgeist which is a
conference that I'm speaking out on
Monday for the next few days we're here
chillin do not thank you so much for
today you breakfast in box mixture
tomorrow's videos on point opening
dinner opening ceremony thingamabob I'm
little back with an emo but first
breakfast the important thing to
remember kids is no matter which state
you're in you can still wear the same
clothes every day girl is an idiot box
and she forgot her curlers so I said go
buy a new one I bought a super cheap
curling your know it's gonna curl once
right in my hair and be like you're not
going for the half girl half straight
look
when there's so much butter later in
your pancake just went for a dip and
said pool now it's time to do some
emails okay I something very important
to tell you
you may have noticed my last video in
the description it said click here to
translate this video that's because I'm
trying to get even more languages in the
translations and in captions my main
channels so now my and downs release in
main channel video in the description
there'll be a place where you can
translate so this is an announcement
till all the intervals almost up
clapping in my blood it's like the point
is more translations so more people can
understand our video and more people can
laugh and feel the joy so my main
channel spread the word if you can speak
any other language you will have the
chance to translate a main channel
videos youtube.com slash Lilly say I'm
so excited but my last video Ori has
expanded translation and I hope you can
get so many more languages to be more
inclusive and also for all of our deaf
unicorns across the world i'ma speak
different languages so translate
translate translate translate translate
ok also do you know today's to run today
today today is the day I'm dropping the
Drake video I'm so excited about it I've
worked so so hard if you're like sitting
here by the pool doing notes and like
trying to make it the best you could
possibly be here's a sneak peek of the
video it's gonna drop on my main channel
in just a little bit when you're
watching this today
why you gotta give me just one phone
sighs you know that I hate that I
finally got to do it and there's no
better feeling of doing videos that like
I've been so long in the making so I
hope you like show us some love please
share if you like it but hey yo just
finished a call give me the points it's
called my team that I set the comic
y'all we're gonna try it weekly calls
with my internal teams just be like yo
guess what's happening the week ahead is
how we can conquer it just touch base a
safe space where we can express feelings
and thoughts and concerns all that stuff
we just did that and the goal is do that
every week no matter where everyone is
even though I'm in Arizona like no we
don't make a call
happy yay teamwork make the dream work
that was a wet burp doodoo doo doodoo
doodoo is happening tonight but we have
to go to the registration opening dinner
drinks to everything so we can't go on
social media for a little bit at the
walking-dead return loss on this episode
better leave after my very large
expectations pool day okay this is the
Bible a very simple dress with some
kicks I'm looks very handsome look
humble give me a 360
come on bam bam
also I have no pockets and almost
answers which I get for you to come
along meaning we care for the camera you
are meaning I wanted to leave for a
little bit while BRB also the walking
get started which means no no instant
grandma people seen a little bit baby we
had some cool mother effing take some
liquid nitrogen food where when you bit
into it got dragon smoke start coming
out of your mother's so cool here's a
video home bonus phone
but now it is time for the walking dead
or the walking bed turned into dead
money out of rhyming words really and
truly what else rhymes with bed bread
and a hug bread said Ted got it the
walking late rounds are dead right said
dead oh wait oh no no dead that is
thought that is a show The Walking read
all right let's watch the damn sure what
the f was that trash horrible whack lame
confusing episode of The Walking Dead I
have no idea what happened that was so
bad that was so so bad I am so annoyed I
was no stir fun but the confusion
persist what happened
premiere featured a number of scenes
that are reminiscent of The Walking
Dead's pilot that suck dude that suck oh
I have to scroll through the Twitter for
40 hours alone okay so I've come to a
conclusion I'm living in some sort of
alternate dimension where other people
thought this episode was good and we
thought it was trash I just don't
understand
anyways I'm gonna go to bed now tomorrow
we have a full day of sessions and
conversations in our panel I don't know
if I'm gonna vlog because I don't think
we have to lock a lot of it so hopefully
what happens let's see how we did today
actually did a lot of work prior to this
whole situation so given some points
first and now let's do
thank you for joining me today I have a
very large feeling that I'm not gonna
wash my face right now because I'm a
piece of trash but that's okay anyways
I'm gonna go to forget week for you and
drink for you a drink videos oh come on
today there's a break in my schedule
where I'm gonna do super 60s doesn't
happen as well it's all gonna happen
it's all going down
telling who if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe i yo in addition
to my video make sure you go show some
love to Kandi's video she's posting
transformation on her channel she worked
so so hard on it and was so patient so
lovely so make sure when she post that
video that y'all go show some love and
say team super appreciates and respects
you because girl put in some work copy
copy
