Hajis playlists allow it yo I keep it G
LD content what's up morning kind of not
really uh things have just took in a
turn in my last vlog I said I don't know
what I was gonna do with my travel plans
so I decided to miss my flight go with
um er I'm making a pit stop now - dili
Jimmy okay well I'll be getting to that
fart God freakin children ah sir ah
drama basically there's another lucky
Fashion Show like that when I went to
Baha'i that's way bigger and Dilli and
armor is going out like dude I'm a feel
bad like not good it's like he goes has
great time so I'm missing my flight got
a new flight to go dealing with him then
I'm gonna be hard G to my parents later
on tonight
to catch the playback of trial and feel
really bad because unfortunate that
means her jeath can't come along because
there's only so many passes but I had a
sentimental talk with Henry said it's
fine he said it's fine is it fine no
don't be sad no no no come on um is this
my charger in you ha that wouldn't
listen
no is talking to you right man yeah I
was guys trying to steal my charger and
things and I just what I'm wearing is
one of the new court date I bought it
school has like cool designs on it so
now waiting Billy for a couple hours
such as life let's go
no matter what happens in life onward I
will always be cheap we could be
millionaires
we'll be cheap when it comes to certain
things Hotel was charging a 750 rupees
really high
now I'm spontaneous winner doping 200
rupees see that you see that that was
spontaneous Li going to the leap was my
life so remember how we rushed the
airport and I made all these changes so
we can get to Daliya my flights delayed
but I don't know how hours good no so
now we're like pretty screwed first time
flying Air India space again no
guarantees well there's no guarantees so
I feel like I delayed another hour and
we're finally boarding we think what I
used to Series events the fact my
parents are probably already at our
original play in the airport right now
so really it was their point to this oh
no Jose we'll see let's see what happens
such as life think already said that in
this log what's going on
also there's like no announcements of
what's going on so we know we're just
like what happens happening never mind
really it is lying about your signs
there's no gate on a boarding pass equip
signs don't worry you got it in this I'm
gonna get you high to miss that miss so
we're finally on the plane Ellmers in
business class because we go to a
business class ticket without even
knowing we're made mistake so I'm here
by my lonesome the back of the plane
we're so late obviously this is a
ridiculous series of events but it's
cool whatever far away I just hope we
get there in one piece that's what's up
I know this flights only an hour but
I've never been on a plane so
uncomfortable like wearing something
like this with heels and stuff usually
I'm wearing like my PJs of bum clothes
so like
some mission right now okay so get this
is like a one hour 20 minute play right
you go to the movies on the screen and
they're all Bollywood movies length one
35 minutes one 46 minutes 141 is how
posed to watch a whole movie on display
the whole this was not thought out
properly but Bollywood movies one-hour
twist cha hwa Benjamin this is my armor
is the best breath on the world he came
up to my cities I go grab a bag were
going and he got me into business too
it's a guy hey now you mad no my brain
underwater we landed when lily and I
need to run to the washroom do a makeup
in like ten minutes ago ten minutes he's
on a mission
the stress is real right now we landed
in daily basically Hadji told me that
because I didn't get my first flight
they're starting to cancel my entire
trip now which would be my way home and
now we're dealing with the stress of
calling jet to be like God no I still
need all my other flights this dress is
too real right but that's this current
situation good news is my lipstick looks
on point O so we didn't figure out the
flight situation but now we're at a
fashion show priorities we're about to
watch this show by FEMA Lena that's
what's up
Oh
so
so we are about to make our own cocktail
at this cocktail very meaty shot Keisha
hi you BFF forever I'm Melanie I forget
check out our blog will be in the
description best ever
we're just BFFs forever and I did you
should be my show just being great so
much fun I love her they got to kill mr.
so anyone takes care of my fans role in
my good books watch focus we're gonna
get crunk right now way you like it
moves outside lemonade honey
okay then priorities hold on I'll be
back so several hours later a priority
is still finding a bar ask we find know
how I'm getting on my plate why no not
detective Hall I don't know yet but I'll
risk claiming he's gonna make it happen
so soon as I love this song
not many
front row up
you
yeah so Mitch the airport most
ridiculous series of events makes the
airport they didn't even see anything
they feel leave my boarding pass which
is I've annoyed me because I mean that
they're just trying to get money from me
on the phone so I got my boarding pass
my period or my stomach kills so that's
not pleasant tell the boys I know you
want to hear that and I forgot my shoes
numbers backpack so I was wearing my
heels and they were killing so I'm going
my mom's shoes and for the third time
this trip I'm looking to buy shoes I'm
so messed I'm a mess right now a mess we
made it to Brussels barely I'll tell you
what happened okay let's talk about the
series of events that just took place
right now ridiculous waiting for a
flight to Toronto now or simply flight
so I'm about to board first flight and I
told you I'm period so my stomach
started killing that really bad cramps
like I'm sitting with a games like your
dude I went to go buy shoes because I
have to buy shoes with their time what
is going on anyways so as a good man
she's like yo I really don't feel girl
it'll feel kind of like faintings like I
couldn't be found my parents i sat down
and like I just felt really really sick
and I was like my stomach was killing
him I was like going nominals painting I
was like dude I guess which sees someone
like I need to sit beside someone on the
plane because initially I was sitting by
myself
so I think my mom picked up that like I
wasn't feeling good so waiting to board
the plane and I'm just like literally
falling in the gate and I'm like holding
myself up and then I think like my eyes
started rolling like my mom saw such
like excuse me wait to get on playing
together playing she like pushed me to
the front that's like collapsed in my
chair basically I'm saying Taylor like
did a girl play and I died the whole way
here that's story I'm alive in a meeting
right now but it was scary it was scary
it was it was not a pleasant thing I was
really excited to go home I just went up
my bed and I want my shower I want my
friends and I want
I don't know I want like a Twinkie or
something
I'm flight number two shots with my dad
for taking the middle seat both times
taking one for the team
me my mom my stand beside each other now
the nine hour flight
he's a total of like 27 hours of
traveling by the way and we ordered that
yes so we've been on the plane over an
hour now it hasn't taken off yet because
the luggage people are on strike or
something I'm never getting on is more
less dry
we made it
flight was three hours late I already
feel the cold outside so much cold and
gross miss our Jeep leaving the vlog oh
I'll be back oh wait well I'm gonna add
my vlog here and I guess I'll start it
again in a couple seconds but we're back
home if you like it subscribe if you
like it if you like it subscribe alright
I'm so glad we to show this moment
together are you ready to see one of my
most favorite places on the planet
ready
