good morning India
getting in a cab good morning
look at the roof of this place the room
heading to fact a job girl because we're
starving and I've been craving it that's
what we're doing the time is like one
something I got zero sleep last night
zero zero I literally got 45 minutes of
sleep the exact 45 minutes for 5:00 a.m.
to 5:00 for a 546 at 50 more to have 46
minutes of sleep last night basically is
what happened when Matt could be going
work today I'm going to let me Fashion
Show with a member excited about what
Mark said about speed off door right now
let's do this is mob you go traffic
okay so jazz making fun of me cuz is a
clip of mute vlog where I look so
horrible I don't think I just gave birth
to collect quintuplets I look so bad and
then we're going to we see a shot of
Jack drinking Red Bull yo you want any
more chins with that red Walker I'm
gonna edit this out getting all the bays
all the bays buying buying buying my
thing no you look way better like this
yeah where you can see my face oh yeah
thanks letters are kind o the homage as
she'll never stop me she just let me do
this as long as I so please unless I do
this good fans are you gonna shower now
and get ready for the fashion show
um but somehow I'm lying down jaws is
pretending to do it right see yo so I'm
already got my outfit on point hanging
to Lakme Fashion Week with summer and
I'm gonna go over here where the
Lighting's phenomenal show you my outfit
it's a long kurta and the back of it is
so cooking see it's like it's like
yellow and red and stuff it's cool
ooh yes away from blue I'm gonna pretend
to be fabulous and be an adult for
Rusted evening I don't know a thing
about fashion
all right we're here luxury fashion show
let's check out all hands-on my baby bro
looks with his little pocket
wag and his swags my baby brought us
what's up to viewers chillin and I'm
like where is the passion where does the
pantry when is a passion happening so
around the terrorists it's so pretty to
some pretty decent coming some type of
way or maybe because I'm gonna be poor
shots
either way I'm feeling steps take away
some action show so cool is a portion
important my God look at this place I
got one picture yet with myself it but
we don't worry buddy missing my buzz
yeah so you're inside to me fashion show
it's all fabulous everyone's treating me
so wonderful in so nice who is the
designer receiving the route along yeah
I'm very very excited
currently never again I'm a new when it
comes to fashion but the end this was a
showstopper just like a Bollywood star
so what you're trying best to me whoever
that is fingers crossed for like Deepika
or like someone love that nature but
yeah excited and you know I think I'm 16
spend some quality time liberal it's
good to have some one-on-one time
eyebrows
the best moment iswe so the best
memories I have are staying together -
yeah we have some good memories together
good time huh giri's experiences hashtag
love it
you
you
okay so offer I just bought for five
minutes a number and press record
basically so we're saying that we loved
the rune show is so good so good I was
going to actually need a hammer can
traffic instantaneously so good but
let's be real I'm a male model so I
nobody mad about that I can go home with
one of those right now right now
Carrie
lovely
a situation
can't even turn I can't even turn I'm so
turned what a sentence oh yo
Omer and I are turned fat buffer I know
turns on a lot of the reason I'm feeling
all the ways right now all the ways I
feel like I love you though I love you
too freakin dirty understanding I think
we're gonna make Kareena Kapoor oh my
our Cooper's gonna meet us
um what it's only the backstage to put
all the stuff going on it's all so
exciting so everyone is so much more
fabulous than me right now that's the
situation and more fabulous the number
so much we just stopped that's one
occasion or otherwise we've been our PJs
exactly that's a situation in shorts and
a t-shirt that's right
I win same shirt every day I do it I do
also in true
sneak peek of me page oh snap is like
VIP issue right here sneak peek no sneak
peek sleepy go and with the wonderful
beautiful Kareena Kapoor I'm a big fan I
listen well from China have you ever
been to Toronto yes yes in fact the wall
- I think a couple of years ago with
Hrithik God I knew I think I was a
special I really exactly like that sure
was called rock stars
rah I was actually at that show rock
stars for sure these are all the people
awkwardly taking care of us right now
and she's super sweet in realize so
there you go I wonder what's Twitter
Mary things listen I gotta like take you
through the technology
yeah the pageantry Twitter mirrors are
cool like your ass advance in technology
my god Twitter will now so basically
have this Twitter mirror things you
don't want and you sign it and it tweets
this is boom box active role cuz I've
never heard of this don't take so
clearly everyone knows if this is except
for me I don't know what at Twitter
mirrors
I see yeah it'll be unfit alright
alright weeks I hope you enjoyed and
Esther yeah love it
dang gonna flawless go ahead you first I
think you have to sign it this is
freaking amazing technology we in Canada
we don't have those ammonia mm-hmm
yeah still turn the F up got the zircon
and candy ice cream and I'm a bunch of
other stuff a number is getting waffles
and all the love handles are happening
right now all of the love handles are
happening right now a number so the
being of the same nature by selling one
person one sees Deepika
I called that and she's here at fast joy
and I'm looking at people are right now
one bra stage wish mysteriously polygons
here I'm like fortune teller from a
genius I'm a genius
ah
every life
because they find nine Englishmen got up
hey awesome so we're finally better the
hotel I am so tired I was like dying it
was so weird like as I mentioned before
when I came to India the only person I
was like I really wanted me difficult
this trip and get to meet her but it was
so random that of the fashion show
was like destiny and fate she's so
freaking hot she's but I feel like so
bad because as soon as the event was
done the paparazzi was like boom on them
when I was like oh my god that's my
biggest fear in life or like paparazzi
they don't care about the well-being of
the person if they're traveling then
there's on it she like disappeared like
this it was pretty bomb and I'm about
I'm about and now we're back home to the
Familia and that's what's up
I left my child and for themselves
that's my child okay John Aman oh you're
gonna hate us you're gonna hate us Arjun
he left I said Nelson let's get hard
same reason alright here we go there go
no no he doesn't know okay so well all
day slowly okay bye is the first thing
we met here knows everybody knows
Sonakshi Sinha's probably not lalalala
okay you don't we let go a good boy
that's my backup or it's fine okay
grishko kapoor saif ali khan deepika
guess what's happening right now the
same thing that happens every damn night
no one's letting me sleep right now
forcing me to play signal bring you want
wait a minute you can't play signal with
two people I'll have my red hair friends
right guys look at this he's falling
into feet we're falling into free bro
defeat the winners of the second round
no flex zone no please no no no all
right so we want to and then they want
to and then we went last one which means
that's a job we are the champions no
time for losers this is a loser for you
hey hey anyways we gonna head to bed
tomorrow have a press conference for a
trip to unicorn Island from 12:00 to
3:00 and this man's gonna record some
videos
this area gives zero wolves um and yeah
that's what so we've convinced Armour to
come to Punjab with us I'm sorry mom and
dad won't be coming home for a while
photo shoots um says what's up if you
like it subscribe comment know if you
like it subscribe I'm good if you like
it subscribe if you like you subscribe
down below subscribe dose still they yes
you guys just not subscribe my hands
like I did that is everything sir if you
like it
oh yeah
