morning
so we are moving out of our hotel
because the Wi-Fi here just not working
so we're gonna try to go to internet
cafe and move to a different place and
maybe stay by grandma's house trying to
figure it out
so we're currently packing up all of our
stuff for a one night stay here on the
mission to find Wi-Fi in Punjab halls
all yeah so checking out hotel and so
funny because actually is a cricket
match India vs. Australia so literally
all of India has shut down they call
anyone for the service as a job or like
a business no one's answering the phone
cuz the cricket match the whole country
shut down you're going to answer Oh
India and I tease about cricket like
you'll hit a six with the wicket and
runs so my track team and made us
breakfast and we wouldn't have to answer
in the car
your plates toast scrambled eggs we got
a little case of bread in the estas bra
so know about this flour plates in the
car so we up in here on this 1984
computer up in this internet cafe right
now trying to upload my vlog and still
said like and I would have two hours and
we can't sit here for an hour now for
two hours so third or fourth attempt to
upload vlog as a fail as of right now
but we're going to try to buy like a
high-speed dongle or something and see
if that works instead so I'm sorry guys
I'm trying not to do out of my element
here
and we dilemmas you got here like okay
the videos on a card and I like these
computers don't have coordination to
know like thank on her G passes but um
that's a situation I don't even remember
how to use a PC like
probably the Soyuz PCs out there that
kudos to you I don't forgot to use that
ish I don't some people like my loyal PC
people best oh I can't do that is after
using that book for so long all right on
to the next one yeah we go here we go
and they go so we gotta find our way
back to hotels all three of us have
managed to fit on a mixture and this
guy's just like lost the gal do it I'll
do it what I got your shoe that yo will
do it chillin what is even happening
I was rolling pin job whoa you know eyes
go so about to go do a photo shoot we're
gonna go borrow someone's riksha the
bicycle thingamabob er the heat here is
too real and I want anyone to know the
struggles because I have to probably
change in open areas I'm wearing tights
under these trap pants and a tank top on
some wearing layers in this heat right
now so just know the dedication is real
the dedication Israel by feeling good
I've been awesome I got my walked up on
top
Haji just always looks like that so just
ignore him
he just has no soul you don't you don't
know what's in the car Mon you don't
know what's up on unicorn Island okay
take a Slytherin that's it you Snoop
Dogg and dr. J would love this a while
ting air you know a wild thing here it's
so hot sleaze sweat dripping down my
body doing this photo shoot right now so
hope it turns out well I hope y'all like
it too cuz I did be sweaty right now in
place that should not be sweaty in any
way I see please don't eat me I'm sorry
I got back seat this time dress up so
hot I'm lucky complain because I was
complaints to comb so it's one melting
want a slushy so all these kids taught
with my photo shoot say hi hi
is having my photo shoot so dull I'm
trying to find something to give them
summers on that mission that's what's up
okay boom boom
all right
get soaked you don't take a bow back to
know when to come home you know me
taking home my suitcase I go to jail
this is why because I'm stealing my kid
so high Jesus such a sissy he's scared
of everybody scared of everything like
dogs get well so he's in the rickshaw in
front of us and he's so scared of
getting lost so he keeps yelling back
with you we know where does my Haji boy
pansy okay Angie swept two dogs here in
India
I think snow but he's a little bit
vicious guys know that the huge ones
name is brown and he said cute and you
so fat in trouble you and Q annoy you
when you're sleeping somewhere show you
in later
yeah that's what's up so we're gonna eat
right now then change and go take some
more pictures that's what's up that's
what's up
this is brownie say hi brownie look at
how big is the Fuji pod and I'm gonna do
the both terrified there are berries
PETA
do-do-do-do-do-do-do video wait could
you quality beer in my cuddly bill Oh yo
yo yo yo yo yo swag Domino's some fans
are the best pervade Indian system
mirror
ha her cousin he's my cousin he's really
funny and witty and smart color you
your favorite singer just shouldn't be
favorite song as long as an immersive
artist Justin Bieber too
beliebers
Oh
oh snap like discover each other live
right now so those stuff we did today
a lot of stuff we did today look at I
destroyed the room but we got like two
three photo shoots in good things one
and now her teeth get this in nine hours
is gonna make a video in nine hours
I heard games unemployment he's gonna
he's gonna work on our promo video is he
the og I that's what's up just gonna
need some roti and it's work work work
work work work work what okay so now
this is my fifth attempt to upload a
vlog from three or four days ago I'm hot
sparring off my phone no
587 minutes struggle is real at 158
minutes 864 minutes I all get it you
don't take three people recognize me
here and I'm saying how do you watch my
videos can you tell me how you watch
everything else I don't know what to do
I keep vlogging every day and you're not
even seeing this so Who am I even
talking Jordan okay you take this I'm at
a hospital my phone for 900 minutes
that's a lot of hours yeah ah stop such
took shower my allergies are like all
today I asked been asking me allergy
medicine like the doctor I gave him cold
medicine and painkillers and star I
literally sneeze like once every two
minutes for the whole day the whole day
I'm absolutely dying right now oh you
will persevere
look at my eyes men invented best
whenever it's green apple vodka
hey Fanta and sprite mixed together
and it tastes like no walls no my team
over here is doing a great job editing
pictures we took today and ours
something apparently I'm resisting all
day long my dad clear doesn't comprehend
drive logging so it's encroaching so we
came out for late night ice cream
missions I washed my hair I feel so good
there's a freshness of clean we go get
some ice cream that's what's up
dad's was up mad was right now with this
internet mad wolves respond to emails
and ash hedges over here doing all the
food um I'm mother they're going to
pictures a tag team triple threat right
here yo and I'm like sleepy and work to
do some work and i'ma go to bed
I like don't know if I should log
anymore don't know if I should blog
tomorrow cuz now I'm like four days
behind my vlogs I met a fan today and he
approached me and Susie push was a
casual question how do you watch my
videos he's like what do you mean like
you watch in the computer
Kamik how do you have internet can I
come to your house and user so he told
us like this thing he has I'm gonna
trying to get tomorrow but like I think
maybe I shouldn't vlog tomorrow because
I'm so many days behind so I don't know
uh the struggle is real chase Thursday
like that ain't happening so I live in
Hatton ha ha but I'm in the vlog here
now thank you for joining me on another
day of my life I love you so much
I love hope you happy and I hope you
still fine and Steph if you like it
subscribe if you like it
each chance if you like it subscribe
ever subscribe if you like it subscribe
