turned up in the morning with zero woes
um so today is this trip me ARMA who is
this um train the name YouTube FanFest
today today my big announcement I'm like
excited and nervous and peeing my pants
and all these emotions combined but I
got my team here and I'm going to a
rehearsal I'm excited come on in don't
be scared
alright I'll speak to you later you know
so I have a trailer right this is my
trailer now my name is outside and I'm
going to dr. Cathy and I don't have big
trailers also one day I'm gonna have a
trailer with my name on all of my dreams
are coming true this is like let me show
you this what is this we're launching at
the washroom here I just - TVs I want to
wash off you guys I want to take half a
dump over there in the move over there
it's possible good good
great alright so there's a stripper pole
and my trailer so no this is a series of
people I can think of that can entertain
me on that but just what who focus on so
I'm about to see the venue the first
time we're very excited
very excited ready
oh my god
but with no whoa
thank you
what do you think Lily
excitable
Moomba I have a few minutes and then
some dude I just was right now it is so
hot you can see look at this look at
this unlike dripping sweat right on so
hard trying to get oh no no I'm not
complaining I'm just blogging it's all
good it's cool we're in it yeah it's a
cool it gets hot um I'm timid resting
for some it's so hot naturally would be
it's India this is the stage saying
people all here all here
I'm so excited stages are really good
though and usually want to come on I run
so I don't know if I can cover all that
spice to be honest I might try look at
all this you know this stage nose was in
the car move the stage nose was the comp
over here god rest her cells I'm a
sweaty mess right now
excited reason water thank someone this
guy though Tony the man the man on armor
get some water is cool look at my new
friend what's up Internet's of the world
Kurt he's an amazing singer so so good
get myself a blue in this segment of
singing yeah you know what I'll play
instruments I'm like much better play
instruments yeah this means deeply um
anything you can do okay so the next
time we find in it no challenge okay
bring me a random instrument that I've
never seen before I'll play it for you
okay here we go that's the challenge
that's the stuff that I don't do Kurt
ladies and gentlemen I got his channel
put in the description and then awesome
boy sings sings and he says that's a
cutie pie Tony I feel like I'm getting
married because everything I'm doing Jam
like oh this is gonna be my last meal
before the big announcement
oh and somewhere last pizza before the
big announcement um bringing our
favorite lunch as we do and we're
getting ready for my meeting we which is
we to leave in about an hour and clearly
I don't look good
alright so jazz did my hair and I look
bomb as f except for that product optics
you looks so bomb is my outfit
I'm eyelash of our reference happening
this is really happening right now in
the world
oh so excited let me tell you what's
gonna go down right okay I'm gonna have
a single one in a cuddle okay hey
selfies upon that and arrange for you
all to get a signed poster
there was a time when friends a good
time
t-shirt you know what's in the college's
I do know about and he's one thing
they just signed autographs and took
pictures with up this people for Athena
or not our house I'm at school that
we're gonna meet I tried to be some
insulin skin after a while when I sign
we fast I start to read like not only
I'm writing like will but I usually put
like a little book at the end of it all
but I try I try
even more thank you and everyone is so
sweet they got me so much stuff people
you're not suppose to do some people
commenting I'm sorry to bring you
anything with dude you put yourself it's
more than enough you need to give me
anything
give me some big things how many human
related things yeah so remember trailer
tell us how the show is running late and
jazz and I fell asleep in my trailer and
woke up an absolute ban anything we
missed a show like but we didn't we so
lots of time um I'm starting up my hair
and makeup soon the struggle to stay
awake is too real right now it's too
real mad wolves mad woes so many lows
whatever let's go sue come by
if you liked it subscribe
just onstage best feeling in the world
announced my world tour it's not their
announcement wrote or there's no turning
back now and the crowd ended you guys
are just just all so just no words I
can't even hardly an explode like my
heart's gonna explode right now
Oh
yaaay
I
you
hey guys
I'm so tired um um today was just
something jazz when our world tour yay
we're so tired but I'm so overwhelmed
and honestly was trending on Twitter and
like everyone so supportive I was
excited it's just like it's just so
awesome it's just so I don't know how
else to say it it's just so awesome it's
awesome right it's just so awesome you
are so awesome I don't know wants to say
I'm so sentir ight now I'm Shane T when
you ordered room service
I'm so tired these people won't leave my
room yeah
story of my life
alright I finally kicked everyone out of
my room I'm gonna post something so get
out everybody get up thanks for helping
me today everybody everything guys are
besties guys the best I'm too tired to
even end this InnoCentive way so I'll do
tomorrow um gets the best if we love you
so much
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like subscribe and
spread the word but I took the unicorn
ahh oh and by the way before I go Lilly
Singh tour commas ready to go and sign
up for email list to find out when
tickets go on sale and in a city near
you so spread the word Lea know like
stores - hi Joe
