morning oh my god I think this is the
first night in so long she slept and I
feel rested and not crazy
today's our last day in Mumbai and I
have convinced Armour to come with us to
Punjab yay yeah so that's what's gonna
happen we're leaving late tonight pretty
much tomorrow morning so today we're
gonna try to like I gotta stop by at
Peninsula and go to forever 21 because
last time I was bummed my voice is a
little bit like I think the exhaustion
is catching up and get a little bit sick
and I have this little red thing in my
eye so that's the medicine for that huh
I'm so sorry for not posting a video
yesterday I honestly I feel you already
I don't even I'm not even yet you know I
feel crappy whenever I do that but just
know whenever I do that it's cause I've
reached my absolute limit of like I
can't and I'm working on so many tore
things so don't think it's because I'm
like doing nothing it's because I'm like
trying to work on my toe and I'm like
totally awesome like you know everything
I do is for you and
I have to be ready because I got four
hours of Unicorn island PR right now so
lag gap this do I broke my this medicine
broke my oh my god again I forgot how to
speak English this medicine broke my eye
so I hope you're okay with me doing
videos like this the rest of my life up
next I'm number two is the vibes still
got the unicorn slippers that's what's
up and I'm heading down all right we got
our second day of PR o GQ looking at
culture machine beeps awesome shirt all
right let's do it this is me four hours
so okay so I just done six interviews
seven are left going strong I'm gonna
start making up answers to things like
how did I start making videos I'm gonna
say I was a duct abducted by aliens
that's my new answer how did I get the
name superwoman I'm gonna say when I was
born
there was a spark on my back and
therefore they called me sue is the
answer some say from now yes sure look
up courses
cutest people ever 21 because last one
went to forever 21 India they have bomb
stuff so that's a cool idea well I'm
leaving tonight from Mumbai look and my
interviews mackay I'm leaving in like
you know a couple days it's tonight
you know what interviews I'm so like
strong with my opinions and something
these interviews are asking like what I
think about like gender equality and
what this I actually said this alone the
interviews are not supposed to but I
actually said it they're asking me about
like issues in India somebody that I
told my I'm not like one of those like
people in North America I come and be
like oh didn't do your music changes
like no dude everyone in every country
has their stuff I don't think I think
that's very ignorant to go to another
country and say this what needs to be
changed but I do talk about like the
rape issues the gerson I literally said
I'm like I think what I should do is I
shoot everyone that rapes people I just
like and you can write that down the
interview that's superb said everyone
who shoots and anyone who raped someone
else should be shot including women if
women reprimand she shot me so I don't
know how to say that but I didn't ooh
strong opinion like even asked me of
gender equality I'm like people ask me
like marriage doesn't like you want ask
me this question you need to be ready
for the answer because I'm gonna be T
great Giroux
yo what's up that my interviews came
home did you know the normal checking of
the stuff of the superwoman things as a
top Comintern erase today's vlog by
Angelica it says you already want to
come over here for this reading Lily
with 1l Lal la says why Lily why you
friendzone amber though armor what did
our friends on you because this is my
little bro right here that's like don't
be awkward
don't be incestual don't be that's the
gross bag that's gross don't be gross
bag down my you guys knows that gay gay
um we're gonna head and do some I'm
trying to forever 21 because I got the
best like outfits for performance all
the performances I've done the past year
from that forever 21 so I wanted some
more funky stuff I'm getting sick
officially someone who drug myself
and then I might get a massage depending
on if I feel like I deserve it
we'll say what happens I should make a
series called interesting cabs in India
good thing
all right so we're out Oh bro I'm all I
don't know who I think I was wearing
this mess cuz I'm like dripping in sweat
right now from the friendly long ride
that it took to get here Indian Taco
Bell
we got a seven-layer burrito as Indians
I do
so so good
y'all want to see some Bombay traffic
that traffic though so get this the
struggle right now is to fit these teddy
bears ginormous teddy bears into our
luggage take to Punjab for a photo shoot
so now this whole suitcase that I'm
always carrying on it's just teddy bears
and I really hope someone searches his
bags and then we heard you're gonna
carry these ones on that's the plan who
would have thought this would ever be an
issue in my life transporting teddy
bears from one place to another I don't
know what is my life about I know not
clearly I'm too used to like first world
problems because these suitcases are
going on the top of the car right now
and nothing is gonna hold them there and
I'm just like what are you sure you
don't fall but how we would stop each
other on Twitter forever and ever and
ever and now we met each other strangers
you know did she actually make a collage
of my teeth and showed how he looks like
frizz and we're gonna show you that you
have a phone
it's actually amazing
identical expression it's freaking
amazing so I'm back at my hotel now and
we got Nargis is so cool we would like
to difference for a long time to each
other and met her and she's like just
the coolest friggin person I could see
this being such good friends to stuff
look she's so hilarious we're still like
girl and girl like that kind of vibe
she's all about that um I might act from
Slumdog to those losers she just
basically invited a bunch of people that
are all really really cool and I was
like a great like now working connecting
like friendship a good time I was really
awesome so that's cool I thought was
trying to everything my power not to get
sick because I can't afford my throat is
being a little um so I'm heading jazz
left just went back to Toronto I clearly
I'm doing a very bad job of logging
today but jazz went back to Toronto so
she left armor also left he's gonna meet
us in Punjab though so he's taking a
first flight supper from us and gonna
meet us in basically what this came
flying out going to Delhi from Delhi I'm
going to admit sir and from Amritsar I'm
driving to a sharper which is basically
where my parents are from my mom is from
and yeah so I'm just gonna meet us in
Albert's dilly or he's gonna musin Billy
no like I need you care about this
basically me um or her cheetah parents
are going to Punjab for a couple days
and now I'm really really concerned
though now because I don't know what the
Internet's gonna be they're like what
the situation is gonna be final cut
doesn't work on my computer anymore it
stopped working so I have no resources
to post a video so I already didn't post
one yesterday and I'm very scared that I
won't be able to post one tomorrow I
mean on Thursday so I'm really hoping
that there's some sort of Wi-Fi last
time was in her shop or it was not good
in terms of Wi-Fi so I in all go to the
point where it's like it's nothing like
it'll take long it just won't happen
like it won't happen so yeah that's the
situation
I'm pretty much done packing I have so
much stuff oh my stuff is overweight and
I don't have enough flick bags
