good morning good morning oh hey Manny
today is media day and I'm on zero sleep
again but it is media day for a trip to
unicorn Island day 1 of 2 between today
and tomorrow
25 interviews I'm very very excited
about and some of them are in Hyderabad
and some of them not in but something
about 400 newspapers like Bangalore and
Vili one by some very excited um and I
got to meetings after that so that's the
situation the current situation there's
a lot of work to be had today and of
course this video day because you know
my business days always land on video
day that's the situation for my
interviews I'm wearing my team super
loves everybody
sure leg out yo so I'm here I just
finished my eighth interview and I have
a ten minute break and I got four more
to go miss Melanie so the girl who got
she's a blog which is a very popular
blog blogger here in India she's such a
sweetheart I'm in love with her um
change made me was super fun buzz
student repeat me that was also really
cool Huffington Post Daily Times there's
just a whole bunch and some smelly who
also got us tickets of luck in fashion
show she this is how all other all all
future interviewees interviewers sori
take notes to what you got me she
brought me cupcakes like best interview
ever and look up pretty there all my
others so pretty I want them all
um and then yeah some more things just
got added to our schedule but it's okay
because I got my bro with me yeah who
makes my funny talking thank you so much
so say that one more time I think your
first performance in India hardest by
the products the one that happened at
YouTube FanFest or the one that's
upcoming
oh come on yes it will be because I've
never actually YouTube FanFest
your chaotic event where you don't
actually get to do a segment of anything
is just a lot of screaming and a lot of
hyping people up so this will be my
first legitimate performance yeah yo
lack of sleep is really catching right
now I have not had a proper night's
sleep and I don't even remember how long
like I don't remember how long I've had
a proper night's sleep um but I my gated
tonight I'll my gated tonight I got to
do this four hours into my own charity
say that I think I said that but I'm not
complaining I'm very happy that all the
media so excited and willing to support
the torso I'm accelerating am I also do
my thing for a billion times
mmm that's all all right look at my
doodle right here it means there's
beauty in pain that's what I've decided
there's beauty in pain and there's a
beautiful side and an ugly side to
everything but you gotta embrace both
yeah Bren right huh okay okay everybody
listening is a super woman dad okay I
need you to come to a trip to unicorn
Island word go on happening mimics you
can take okay mature you whatever your
mama died now somebody take it who come
see superwoman okay so clean your dining
room and eat your very food so you can
see my superwoman okay thank you bye
yes I'm doing some work and I have a few
interviews true there's one with a
lounge I have to do and I'm so tired I
can't even breathe my guy JK tapping
right now oh all right so two super
acute fans have coming giving me hugs
and it made my day because I needed so
much
letdown Anisha under the cutest little
cupcakes ever and I gave them cupcakes
and they're eating them at the Emmy
mm-hmm
they're so adorable subscribe because of
them that's right stay subscribe
that's right if you liked it subscribe
if you like it's okay all right so we're
at our first meeting Oh where's my
assistant for the day and my brother for
life
stop this what's up heading to the
second meeting and another thing just
got added to our schedule or two more
things I just about long night and it's
Bo day you know what the struggle is
real right now
the struggle is real right now with
video right Marty keep India yeah look
I'm a cool people look at them persons
over there in the corner who doesn't
like the fisheye but you see why
everyone here they bought me flowers and
skittles all other sweet stuff and
they're so awesome you know mr. Pappas
bang right now so doing the complaining
about how it's too hot and I'm always
cold situation again honestly it's a
daily word I don't like to be cold this
sue me sue me brah God anyways I'm
chillin I know I'm so sleepy
this is him this is Gary I just had a
meeting and I'm slippered I'm so sleepy
yeah so our last swap stop of the day we
are on the set F coming shark movie do
lolly shark is not here you're shooting
in Croatia but um just restoring with
after so so long gotcha
over on the side of the movie um we meet
the director and all that stuff and so
that's cool woo when is this club with a
mug cities outside what was my place
might see something Ireland
walking in sand if we do not have a
waist feel adult active tire than maybe
one of them so exhausted that I can't
even enjoy this experience right now
such a pretty set wheeze on set he's
still pretty sick he's own set I'm
pulling an all-nighter I know how this
feels like all-nighters 14-hour shoot
days I know the vibes I know the facts
nomads I know the vibes dunno vibes
personal vibes I'm asking the question
where the vibes so I have met someone
who claims there is as big as a rock fan
as me and I don't believe it do you
smell what The Rock is cooking oh my god
I feel like we're spirit I may be the
best day ever
I'm obsessed no I I wanna see didn't
know that you also have a good range
Johnson I'm upset by Mary little Madi
yeah we're married gonna be your son
it's like the prodigal son no but I and
I would like be like my parents and my
brother make fun of me that's a shame
my first image was the underscore
underscore rock 85 an email as my email
oh do that oh my god oh my god oh my
gosh my life is complete I've met
someone who like I just been wired and
I'm gonna keep walking as if nothing
happened
never missing all who like the rock as
much as me he says as much but let's be
real talks my husband so much on cell
cheer with Rohit Sharma the man Richard
he said we should make sure we know why
I won't start with our good friend like
all he was trying to the other day
that's work but you're better we're all
set it's very cool and I'm almost scared
he's gonna eat me so I'm gonna leave now
neither all given my love I'm gonna do a
little over level how much should I both
eventually I'm gonna do for the both of
us home you're so tired today's Monday's
video today guys I can't I can't I'm
gonna tell them on a diet book gonna die
I'm gonna die I slept all do days guys
have 46 minutes last night up three and
half hours I'm so sorry I'm opposed
accessorize I feel
really bad whatever I'm gonna die I'm
actually gonna die I'm so excited right
now
um I was so cold so we were on this okay
I'm like seeing things we were on the
set of the language was shahrukh and
kajol upcoming movies I was really cool
and everyone was very very nice but our
home and after wake up again four hours
of interviews tomorrow morning for a
trip to unicorn Island so that's what's
happening
I'm sorry okay my mother like having
like a little guy when you're laying on
the guy what a horrible day but tomorrow
will be better I was blown away I feel
like anyone ever can drop like
instantaneously so good but let's be
real the immortal male models like
nobody mad about that I can go home with
one of those right now right now
baby rule always gets returned
love
situation
can't even turn on some turn I can't
even turn
so turn what a sentence oh yo
