morning we're going to India today mmm
my face probably looks like poo right
now yesterday my life shoe my said oh I
haven't had a pimple in so long
woke up with a pimple we're leaving for
India I'm leaving my house in like three
hours and stuff so much to do I'm not
done packing yet after making Monday's
video because by the time I land it's
gonna be Monday late night there which
means it to be Monday afternoon here
which means I just basically have to do
it now
um and I want to get my nails done again
because they throw after but I think I'm
gonna sacrifice that um in situation
right now first and foremost I need to
brush my teeth eat some breakfast and I
make my video lets missions to India
here we go hey what's up this Antonio I
just finished shooting as Pardee
Thurmond GT I gotta take a shower wipe
all this off and shoot as lily and I 141
so I have an hour and a half left
probably stop vlogging and probably do
some work anyways how was your day how
are you looking fan made me this shirt
hey y'all give it a burst open up both
job ever kenny to shower and keep my
dirty
you drop a quarter i am obsessed with
the song
they're Shiva there you go
a dashi go it's not alright we're
leaving the house now so I say bye to
non ER and you gotta switch the calendar
this is inquisitive calendar right here
March there it is
my arm z-bo Nona okay we say bye bye
we're at the airport and like typical
Indian families we packed everything we
have a billion suitcases I'm excited
hi I think her g30 here as I told you
her dudes coming he's the guy who shot
the cleanup anthem so he's gonna come we
go shoot some cool stuff jazz is almost
here so give me a party Elmer's also in
India she's gonna join us as well it's
to me like a huge party up in Bombay I
told my parents we gonna get to the
airport so early and they was stressed
are we the first ones here and now we've
you know he waiting that incited male we
are the first ones here now not just
saying okay I'm saying RG or jazzing
here y'all was stressing parents hashtag
this is here hey jazz bought me
something it's a shirt and there's a
unicorn on the pocket which means jazz
likes me as a person
yay I'm so and our Jeep is still
fighting parking so I know you thought
he was here jazz was still at home that
is here now no did you just don't find
him quite good I don't know bro I know
maajid finally made it so what's up
what's that I already pre warned my
parents that he looks like a Brampton
thug so now they're all ready yeah
are you Amanda Brampton Brampton broke a
number hating message wasn't Brampton
Mobile will be down tomorrow be town I'm
all about it was not grass was link it
begins it begins
all right guys cheers to an epic trip
the bond of friendship
cheers Cheers
look at this guy putting his drink down
oh yeah true true we thousands go in
India is early on Indian food though
this place is my favourite I always eat
here is called Marathi it's in terminal
1 I mean - no one trimmer one
the people looking at me cuz I'm
blogging ok cool true hmm
we them boys so jazz distinguishes thing
songs very given an example hold up hold
up hold up we are those boys true our G
just got mad friends over here calling
him I know but you know we call me then
we go on you know no one's calling me
dang bout you boy deeply and am about to
warn opinion about to body plan them
with joseline I did oh no oh god you
think I think I do not know you people
you get used to this done piece of
Mumbai this what's up I mean John's are
really embarrassing I'm probably more
embarrassing than her but whoo-hoo this
plane is so hot and if I say it's hot
it's hot as I've seen in situation right
here it's only no
ah
it's hard really good I'm dying even if
I see tightest house this wasn't lying
my boy
all right how long does first flight
seven hours eight eight hours and the
total of like 19 hours we're about to
embark on right now let's go me bud it's
four seconds later I'm so cold
and play this game
salmon
we're Brussels Brussels how's your NAFTA
wouldn't that if you like crap you look
great though I'll go like this ah true
charger net blog section Brussels but I
don't even know where Brussels is on
them up
that's very ignorant of me but I
actually don't know do hmm
alright race to the security line up to
waiting right now we're going on a
roller coaster it's like waiting for a
line a roller coaster right now what was
happening the roller coaster that is my
life this guy though this guy's line hot
my pimple I'm on my livestream i sat on
my last room I go ahead and open this
right now I'm so next morning you jinxed
it
you're a jinx you're still under breast
I'm steely I'm suiting Jazz's blog
content this thing called coca-cola
light I think it's made out of like I
guess natural stuff human yeah that make
them yet that means not a sentence paper
that's good
I think metalic organics I know it's
weird to me green polo mad about it not
about it three it's green know the
flavors go
yeah close I would love it Blasio goes
out I'd say that probably glozell
glozell my friend so I ate the exact
same thing last year when I came to
Mumbai is a walk down memory lane i sat
here
same exact stopover same exact terminal
same exact gate in the same exact thing
that is different people with me I walk
down memory life it's crazy a child is
crazy crazy about having a bigot and a
high song my song yeah
Warner seconds right now hoping that
these seats behind us they empty so we
can fortune this one is 8 hours and 15
minutes although it's saying 8 hours on
the screen and then we're going to be
dead yeah Oh first night wasn't that bad
it wasn't that it was bearable this one
might be food although I edited a bit of
my bit video oh my god a video oh yeah
video on my stopover when I finish
stopover went by so quickly so when I
land I'm gonna have to edit and upload
and it seems like midnight when we land
but we're nine hours ahead so is my
cheek taste yummy
the new thing I keep saying now is
because they keep saying it over the
speaker's done Nevada which means thank
you in Hindi this is I feel like it's a
formal way of saying that if it is very
formally yeah don't even you say it so
like go to war for this war or to get
this room ready
prime that like this now miss walk site
next up Mumbai getting up off your blog
lots of time you move it over though
we made we're a Mumbai we just landed
we're all excited there's so much
excitement for all the excitement for
all the excitement rent return budget do
you think yeah I would hard return v4
turn just made through customs yeah no
officially here this airport which name
I cannot pronounce is one of the nicest
airports ever in Mumbai it's so so nice
officially here it's about midnight I'm
so excited I love India so much thing I
get a good vibe from India I love the
energy here I'm super super super
excited I'm super glad to sleep to it
and sleep that much first I gotta get
back to the hotel edit my video post my
video um oh yeah then the adventure
starts and I'm so glad all this he
played here with me
I'm just rains on the same flight as me
too he's just passing through customs
right now um that's what sir - myself
can't wait to have Nick paneer butter
gotta let me tell you what just happened
so my dad got held up at customs because
my dad's name cylinders thing and as a
singer by the name of cylinders things I
got stopped overdue yeah because you got
stopped cuz I quit you don't look like
the singer you don't have the proper
passport you're the singer but another
car so the guy went go check and my
dad's not that famous singer that's what
just happened oh my god I think I
started a fungi in the airport thank us
guys
Bunga in the airport Bunga alright let's
go meet these amazing people who are
waiting I'll have signs each other so
freakin cute
it's so cute and so cute
thank you sure I also yes just do it
myself thank you alright
so we just got into our hotel room jazz
and I have decided to fly this - yeah
cuz it's Bob so the photons bomb I'm
okay let's go here for this that closet
dock I'm in the closet room huh okay
I requested more hangers and I bought so
many clothes but walking appreciate the
mirror so many mirrors you know no
fighting over how to do eyeliner okay
let's show you the the washroom because
pause my favorite okay
is that pile it up in here okay
get the shower jacuzzi down my first
stop walking into this I saw this I was
like oh my god I put fries here and he
fries well in that you can see yeah
right
I think you're both in this and fries
fries stay tuned for vlog where we're
sitting in the jacuzzi eating fries okay
it's gonna happen there's another mirror
here this is the rest of the room does
that desk just is very happy cuz it's a
coffee maker the first thing I saw yes
coffee it's like you make your own they
got a bottle opener cuz I knew jazz was
coming beer
chocolate and we're pretty sure that we
have a seat
I don't see a see right now I was gonna
save you room and I'm pretty sure when
during the day I think over there isn't
he I think is a see there I'm liking
India I changed my view than India and I
actually love Dallas and I'm so I feel
so overwhelmed for everyone that came to
the airport and waited I was so super
sweet me feel so welcome I know one guy
said to me it wasn't like what he says
how he said it
and it came to mean he's like you know I
see you make Indians proud and I was
like it really touched my heart it was
very sweet I'm having sentimental
moments also I want fries longest day
ever but we're finishing with some room
service margarita pizza some French
Frizzles
true authentic Indian food that's what's
that these fries gonna taste so gram did
you cozy by the way Oh Margie you came
and you bought me your turkey on my
vacation away from work II um I'm tired
now what time is Jess here 5 a.m. is
that right it's 5 a.m. I just gotta do a
little bit more work I unpacked all my
stirs in the plot one thing about me I'm
so like particular but I'm packing my
clothes like I unpack my clothes no
matter how many days I'm staying
somewhere like I have to unpack all my
things and like even in the washroom
lake okay got my team she's who you boil
me so I'm gonna do a little bit more
work maybe take a shower well no I have
to shower I'm smelly and then i'ma go
see and then tomorrow is day one and mom
but superwoman in Mumbai if you want to
treat me use a hashtag super Mumbai for
everything let's take over this tank
take a night dad if you like it if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe subscribe you landed I'm home
if you like it subscribe dangle to
protect you
