the last day on set morning that's Derek
a matter nowhere though uh-hum it's a
last day on set already can you believe
it it's been 20 days in LA we spent 20
days not like time just flies out
understand um so it's the last date I'm
gonna say bye to all these people that I
may never see again like Sebastian
McKenzie sound guy Chandra that all them
except like I don't know if I'll ever do
another shoot with these people this is
very emotional for me
of course your friends and I'll try to
meet up with him on a camera like I'm
sad a little been sad yeah last day
that's good nice day yeah the last time
we'll get to see this beautiful face and
these hands perfect on me I don't wash
them ever mmm
and I'm a poor wiper I am so overwhelmed
today and not in the happiest of places
that's my cue to go shoot
up some sitting in a car waiting for the
shot to take place as I was saying I'm
just like super overwhelmed thought to
shoot so far I've been a really super
game face doing what I got to do super
patient super OnPoint like just positive
vibes and today I'm just like I think
I've last night specifically I just
reached the peak of the hologram just
not able to function like at a unicorn
level right now I don't know what eyes I
think I've just like I'm really really
tired and I'm not complaining I'm just
stating what I'm feeling I'm just super
sleep-deprived my body kills I think I
have an overwhelming feeling of all the
things I need to do and it's like
stressing I love what I do but
inevitably the becomes a point sometimes
or it's like this so exciting so so
exciting Oh frag wait I have to do this
distance and excitement and stress start
to blur that line starts to blur sort of
so much to do and my biggest fear in
life is not doing things to the best of
my ability like I hate the feeling of
doing things where I'm like oh I
could've done this better and I just
want that to happen so time is not on my
side in terms of all the things I have
to do I'm just not in the best of moods
you know have a bunch of people
messaging me bunch people a bunch of
things I need to address in life and I
haven't even had the chance to address
yet but yeah I could really use a hug
yeah on that note another deep thought I
was having a conversation with her chief
the cool guy who made the clean up
anthem the video for it and he was like
oh I'm so jealous of how busy you are
like I feel like crap I don't have
anything to do and I was like you know
it's really interesting like I feel the
exact same way if there's a day where I
have nothing to do but back in the day I
had to figure I feel like crap oh my god
I need to be busy doing things and so
funny how like go out like your views
can change because now it's almost to a
point where I'm like I'm so jealous of
people who have nothing to do some days
because truly too much of anything isn't
good like it's almost like a point where
I like almost kind of and again I'm not
complete I want to come across as a
complaining I'm literally just sharing
my thoughts with you I'm
was miss doing simple things in life
like sometimes at least like I'm
shooting shushing I love shooting and
love these people let them dream then
like for example yesterday like jazz and
Sandy was like how they met with Brenda
and I don't feed my brain from Elena
such a simple simple thing and I was
like oh that's really nice like you're
hearing you're like met up with them and
I was like vicariously trying to live
through them like oh there's like so
many people in LA like that I wanted to
chill with and hang out they kind of
made me that's called a king I haven't
got to hang with him I've got to do half
the things I want to do it's just like I
kind of just want to like go hang with
people and like do those simple things
you know those simple simple things like
leisurely do things that's just I'm just
thinking all out cuz you're my friends
um but I don't want this to be confused
with how grateful I am
like I'm so I'm the best job in the
world like literally the best job in the
world it's just sometimes I think what
it is I don't think the business and
tiredness affects me as much I think
what actually gets me a little bit is
how lonely it can feel sometimes because
you're always doing things and you're
always like with different groups of
people and shooting and all that stuff
and it's like the people around you are
never super consistent like I think
right now the most consistent person my
life is probably jazz jazz you're
editing this you know what's up but like
I think it is probably jazz what's also
just like no one's ever consistently
going through the same experiences with
you so you kind of in a weird way like
you feel alone sometimes it's just like
oh like no one else knows if I what I'm
going through right now so alright but
it's okay this is a long rant I'm doing
right now just because you're like one
of my only friends and stuff so I can
shut this off now and tweet something
sentimental just want to tell you to add
to my bad day Neela's camera just bought
two days ago just dropped it on the
concrete and it's totally scratched up
you happy with that sound guy you have
you both good this is Lily's camera now
my log what would you guys like to say
shut up sound guy person
that's Lily Lily's over there don't tell
anyone I think
she's the one with the classes you guys
want to see an expensive camera yeah do
it you can get it at Best Buy
yeah definitely it cleared soon wonder
oh I have to keep this girl for three
hours if I want to waste all that effing
sound guy forget loved him so much I'm
gonna miss him and look at this dude
trying to hit on me in his fancy car oh
yeah you know in real life
cars are impressed me but on the set
when I'm very tired
it impresses me now Sebastian is our
last day on set together the last time
you might ever see each other in life it
could happen now got it now you can
the screen up right I don't need to see
myself haha it's just asking too much by
the way thanks to a person said I'm not
about to comment I'm not that bad which
comment it when you're referring to
that's what who I'm thinking I know what
Tommy comment the context of the comment
ok let's let's bring this up so
apparently we pull up your name
Camille Williams shout out to you what
was the video yeah it was one of the
vlogs
yeah apparently you think there's some
sexual tension between us right here
reads comment the comment is I'm feeling
some sexual tension between you and
sound guy and this is not me this is the
the quote girl get it he's not bad
he looks like the guy type to try too
hard and focus all on you
you goddamn right Mike this is John he
is head of cinematography
he's epic he has like no emotions ever
but he's in the classroom he has a
flower despair Frank that's not when
we're like nice loud music thanks like
totally unaffected he's great he's great
hey check out the selfies I posted I
tagged him and he's just good at making
everything look wonderful good job John
high five hey Clark hey G I just
finished up the last shot now we're
heading back to set to pick up a few
things fashions wrapped you've done ski
I'm so tired and there's a billion bobby
pins in my hair they're all stabbing my
brain in different places it's very
pleasant very very pleasant
I have a challenge for all of you okay
I want you I want people to make
creative chips or memes about the sound
guy make fan pages with a sound guy I
want you to bombard the sound guy sound
guy attack don't release the house all
right I'm officially finished as Lana
I'm not changing into superwoman this is
the last time I will be Lana's to you
I'm filling in the fields ran out he's
been mad it's been really fun to play
this character um she's so cool way
cooler than me and guys it's the last
time I'm gonna steal I'm done oh god
that's it in the movie bye Lana may me
the time has come that time has come
no more bobby pins hurry but there's
cheese who knows okay adios Alana
Chipotle see Chipotle ha that is a
picture wrap from me I'm done when I go
to a billion voiceovers because Alicia
loves me laughs oh there's sadness
everywhere there's sadness of I'm gonna
actually sing Verona are we saying Byron
ash the culprit listen all bomb a she
looks today
with her side pony and flawless flawless
lipstick ah oh no son is weird you keep
in touch okay it's like for me hi it's
Doris
oh don't leave good I'm not bad don't
leave don't go to Canada keep this group
on picture please here sadness on matter
how stressful and tiring two days are I
don't like robbed it because like I get
emotionally attached to people it's like
a thing and I feel upset and sad so my
life is just full of emotions on into my
life is an emotional roller coaster
it's don't wear the car this way I like
this just so like fluctuating it's like
I never feel any emotion for more than
five minutes like a thing remember
earlier today when I was upset now thank
you
we're leaving we left our every order I
didn't record a thing by there being be
boarding there be be you Tetris all of
our stuff into the car I'm now gonna
head back to the snow but first Chipotle
anyone yeah we definitely know a lot of
times Chuck and bean burrito yeah I can
also get a bean burrito okay and one
more say what's in the combo make make
that two bean burritos and then you guys
don't have fries do you know we don't
know what is in the combo so what comes
in the combo wants in the combo for that
number part yes
crunchy taco supreme nacho Burgundian a
large drink which you chose it that's it
yes and okay just make sure everything
in the order is vegetarian okay
everything on the order it really did
have compost here twenty tiny burrito
being moving and a butte one-handed
anethe wait do we gonna call more so
what do we did i do it you we don't have
real good rice no is now we don't a
plane we don't a plane i read some
comments on missions but I'm so happy
that
hello I was so happy that y'all like
that the cameras back well okay that's
calm don't you guys like jazz is here
like there's so much better
I love Jazz's here like this I think she
looks beautiful just going straight here
too but I really like but I lost I am I
really like this pretty boy that's all
as I you look over here to understand
dellavedova's any access to
she's so unnecessary
they're Canada
I scream
thanks Air Canada who landed I'm home if
you liked it subscribe negative effect
yeah the subscribe it's so hot today its
if I say it's hot it's hot
if I say sir it's hot yeah change into
my piggies this is
