it's 6:00 a.m. I love you mom did you
have some conflict in today what your
milega them didn't to do how else could
I wake up at India good morning
it's a parable damn oh this looks mad
dope in this camera though good morning
day 1 in Mumbai I'm so excited I'm
getting a little bit of a pimple on my
lip but that's okay that's okay and okay
no so clear okay
Jessie hi be more excited haha it is -
we just woke up the jet lag is too real
right now we have tried to make a
commitment that we're not gonna take a
nap throughout the day we have lots and
lots and lots of things to do including
giving away some tickets to YT FF um
hope is that a bug give you a chicken
soup id-ff i just so many things I gotta
do from a big announcement which is
happening in three days Indian couples
on fleek dough Jai Ho didn't ignorant to
really say it's like when I go to
parties and we were having boys plays
there was like oh look it's your food
Jam song am I gonna be one of those
people but if I T there's a jazz day
look amazing a free love it
dang it's hot but I also know when I go
inside the small it's gonna be freezing
cold the AC is true we love her here
we're going to play I don't notice a
properly breaking her last time as well
the dope mall play diem I think play
diem stadium ready to freeze and five
four three two one
buy some place called Punjab grill and
play diem all looks really fancy I feel
like I've never seen opened up a
restaurant this fancy and the goal is no
diarrhea that's the goal here okay no
diarrhea let's go pop word is so bomb so
tell me what you think is Noble well
well jazz is a reaction all right here
we go all the Indian foods going down
breathing hopefully like I like it
I'm really good right okay so who yours
so Bob I we ordered this paneer tikka
Multani I think it is
so good you try it no so I really so
good
how's your lamb chop like a big bowl no
idea it's like the best beer I've ever
had my life situation right now the Rose
writing is to it spice say what I have
know the song so long you guys Melissa
fun
I mean fetus as I said okay so we're
making a public promise this is our pool
deck it's so ball right we have to go in
here half an hour we have this is a
promise pinky promise PJs oh my god I
love it
so hey so we're back to hotel it is so
hot but I'm not complaining you know I
love it I actually brought eight
rockstars with me in my luggage and team
super India I'm at the airport
I'm also give me a rock star my gift
face I was really cool so we're gonna
fight the jet lag right now with a rock
star because it's hot and I'm tired but
there's work to be done this is jazz hey
that's that was an important message
room yes everyone yeah trying to teach
these pansies how to cross the road in
India they're so patient I gotta be
aggressive just throw yourself in front
of cars and they'll stop or else you'll
be waiting there forever but the old man
gonna die
you gotta cross the refuse of aggression
be aggressive be aggressive so I just
waited on the other side of the road for
like ten minutes for them to cross and
mature zeal I belong in India I swear
India
now thank you
I love the street food vibes and culture
you're trying assim cards right now all
of us just like sim data well the season
vintage bag data - but where's dad thank
you okay so I just saw the ultimate
thing from my childhood if you're Indian
are you in like maybe not Indian states
well this game called got on board
haven't seen it in so long it's madness
logic right now I feel like me to buy a
cutting board and play hello
do I look terrible
blue Danny
my sweet pea darling how are you
my coca-cola bottle you very spicy I
think look look look there the boy in
the room hey what I had to come out here
my friend say hello my name Hadid very
will you do please do that cover your
eyes very stupid
two more days and tell big announcement
ah dang that receding hairline doh
my guys are so weird two days is okay I
have some pizza and the moon is yes okay
how many times is going to finish yes
this is for all you service do you know
what I'm you know Tom want to go ahead
for am room service with normal healthy
living you're right dope but you know
Turk turn up turn up turn up yo what up
so it's my responsibility to end both
blogs today say hello so we're going to
sleep now good night thank you so much
for joining jazz and Lily on another day
of our adventure in India say hello to
Hadji that's all and we hope so much as
you join us tomorrow thank you so much
I'll be a wonderful day smile last night
if you liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
yes
