I slept with my makeup on my morning am
i doing Cheerios I feel like I haven't
had like a not set breakfast in forever
dude if you like this I was like what am
I need I woke up an interview with Sonny
and Shay and UK and it was cool I love
Sonny there's a sweet melody and now we
have two meetings and then today I want
to shoot with Mary it's gonna happen so
I got two meetings sure they're me I'm
sick it's a sunny beautiful day outside
so like I'm excited I am so excited I
know all the girls watching this know
why that is 13 minutes
okay what's third keep it lighted by for
answer in the comments I'm sorry do you
have you everything
I can't even conceive I can't even see
like you can't even unravel this in 13
minutes and you guys look go through I
was promised an epic cake last night it
was I do not receive so we went okay
first of all as well last night okay how
much comes up does this hey you guys
come to my friend's party it's at a bar
it's like a really quiet casual dad
or whatever right so we go first like a
club a bumping club that's a wrap I
still do birthing oh so sweet your
friends are some so we had a great time
but the point is everything he says is
so inaccurate so inaccurate we go there
I'm like because there's so many people
in this bumping club and we're so
underdressed you know what it was the
cake was like represented like la like
everything's forgetting the other side
nothing going on on the inside
sincerely John's just like my photo
damage as interesting my blog okay jazz
how wonderful I just walked into I'm
sorry how wonderful is a letter right
now this is for now we're walking to our
meeting walking well walking for me with
my shirt see you sings to me this thing
humble sure if you want to get it
ceasing calm the link will be in the
description he's like mad at me because
it's the first time I've ever worn the
short action it's really well actually
we like it let's kill cow
our meetings are at a bakery so all the
cupcakes going down right now dang it
yeah are you camera shy apple pie I got
some breakfast
Prakash yeah potato thing I'm gonna eat
everything right now
oh my gosh I just saw this really cute
guy here he's so cute spontaneously
running into friends love it
Joe such a sweetheart like I told you I
want to swim in his eyeballs but now I'm
done my meeting and I'm back with my
family so we have an hour before Mamie
comes over and we shoot stuff we should
probably go clean the house and refill
the toilet paper since humble use this
so much family project we're all
cleaning the house oh I have a cleanup
so I get please very good there's my
routine my house gonna clean my house
gonna get a thing and mouse I'm drinking
alcohol that can only mean one thing
hi guys Judy oh why dad with memory I'm
so excited why dad right now
I think we really awesome drink I'm not
gonna tell you what it is but I am
excited for it
yeah you just been chilling you didn't
do so these ones are still on the tattoo
band right and this is the thing I'm all
for spontaneous actually but yeah my
thing is like I'm shooting Lana steel
and I don't want her to Brandon we get a
tattoo in the middle of the season but
they're kind of like making me feel like
I should get a spontaneous tattoo so I'm
thinking like something smaller random
I'm gonna get I thought I peer pressured
like these people they're on top of it
next level peer pressure but yeah that's
just happening right now so one thing
with small tattoo idea if the haps I'm
also just thinking that they're probably
too come back guess sleepy forget it's
not gonna happen but we'll see we'll see
your honor
you never draw it out I mean like what
are you accomplishing a compass
let's finish my collab with no she's so
hilarious if any of you watch Manasa
Proctor channel you can subscribe link
will be in description hilarious I'm
like my cheeks are so flushed from
laughing honestly friggin so fired my
son flip Cup now I'm play flip cup Jos
gonna play with us that's what's up
that's what's up drinks what you know
one skill it's pretty friggin old yo so
memory left this is the first time I've
legitimately properly chilled made me
101 and like I'm in love with her she's
so great like I couldn't imagine us
being great friends so she's so so
awesome it is 12
I'll call times at 7 and 7 hours but
we're deciding to watch camp Takota
right now that's the responsible thing
to do because we're that in love with me
me toss up this is a popcorn way harder
than M&Ms the shape is odd
you got our popcorn a candle camp Takota
yeah yeah
I'm knocking Moss again I always doing
it hey Hannah
maybe no just finish watching camp
Takota Takota I was say wrong it is like
2 a.m. call times at 7:00 so this is
just clearly a very bad decision but
yeah back to set tomorrow shooting -
whew thank you for joining me on another
day it's been fun
I will be enjoyed it I'm so tired my
head hurts tomorrow is another day if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe yeah
girl
look at visitor ate asparagus over there
down
