morning I'm not dead today whoa so I
call times a 1030 is 1012 right now I
feel like I slept in
I do feel refreshed last night as you
saw I was dying so I really written even
asleep my foot still kills but I told
Alesia to try to get some ointment that
will get out this winter last night was
just chaos because my parents and
harjeet the the guy who shot the cleanup
anthem they're all coming to India with
me and they're trying at visa is getting
a visa to India is like literally
mission impossible it's so annoying and
so chaotic to do so they're doing that
but that because the time difference are
like calling jazz and I look for in the
morning to ask the questions were like a
little bigger and you know me I'm like a
cranky little efforts in the morning so
rude to my dad and he's calling
apologize I was like dad just got say
dad dad just called and I was be such a
jerk but I gotta call them house that's
happening what else is happening does
happiness is happening jazz is still
tired I'm trying to convince John to
take a nap but jazz won't taking that
jazz is a little workhorse like me but I
want to force her to take a nap today is
it a tool bars last was happening
tomorrow lotta steel trailer is Lanna
steel is business today Renee's holding
it down I wish this was real wig but
didn't work out which I'm not sad about
because it was so tight it was squeezing
my brain out of my ears my splinter
still there I'm wearing these heels so
that's a real flattened as well what are
the things but we're on set and running
good time Sebastian's over there being a
beauty Sebastian way to the camera
Sebastian way to the camera hello
you know I saw some comments under my
last love saying that Sebastian guys
really cute that must been a different
Sebastian
Oh sound guys it's the best answer
handsome
oh no are you blushing oh my god you're
blushing
you're actually blushing we had lunch
and now I just want to come out and not
do anything and Renee always put the
unity yo Renee
that's boo right there that's bull right
there challengers over there
Sebastian's over there well working very
hard it's today's sharper parts I'm
running which is not fun of my heels and
splinter we're not complaining I have to
go home today and still make a video so
I refuse to get tired except for right
now I'm tired but after this I swear
our chunga rock star it's gonna be video
it's gonna call play but that's okay so
go make it happen
actually did a great job with my
lipstick makes my lips look like better
than they aren't really good use going
on
so we shootin some emotional scenes on
set today one of my props for the next
scene is this blade thing and I've been
practicing how to open it very coolly
and this is what I have it down to
already just took me like a lot of
practice it's not that cool but like
it's cool for me you ready oh you ready
I'm sure you hold on just in case you in
seed first time are you ready you ready
you ready you ready alright one more
time because I keep cutting it off I
need to show this off ready
so sound guy this might legitimately be
the last time we work together on this
on the series today no not today
like no you got so emotional you see
that no no like on this series like when
it's done on March 11 like I don't I
don't know I'm just I feel like move
here and hire you for no reason to play
one day Thursday videos for absolutely
no reason I'm down yeah
so we just wrapped its 1037 in such a
late wrap time I'm heading home I refuse
to sleep video day it's gonna be late
but it doesn't know it's gonna happen
and make the videos gonna edit it we're
gonna post it it's gonna happen it's
gonna happen my hair isn't this like
updo type thing and all my views excuse
me
I did make sure we're not good that cues
an emotional Santa conversation that's
doing this cues okay let me let me
rephrase this this accuse junk food what
is there is it fun to really put
everything away but from the closet oh
my god oh my god oh there's food though
what's in the closet yes Wow fancy
fajita family dinner about to go down
you're vlogging first as is blogging
first I'm not allowed to vlog now you're
my I let her be on point you why she
held it down now we know who more
frequent blogger is until each other no
or everyday would say it says fine
everybody says it I can do it okay it's
2:05
I just wish editing my video I'm saving
up will down which is I'm taking more
than an hour and I just remembered right
now at 2:00 in the morning that Renee
told me I have to wash my hair tonight
so now I'm going to lie down in the
shower and wash my hair
well my video uploads tomorrow's call
time is 10:30 which means 12 hours of
shooting will it's basically 12 hours of
shooting minimum a day so I'll rap
tomorrow at 12:00 - what am I saying
tomorrow's call time is 10:30 there's a
10:30 to 12:30 I'm losing my mind and
then we'll wrap by 10:30
and then tomorrow maybe he's gonna come
over and we're gonna shoot a why dad you
deserve a drink I'm very excited about
that so yeah as for now I guess I'm
going to upload and take a shower a
shower everyone sleeping humble still
awake though
humbled like that yo he stays up late
and stuff with me as well jazz and Sandy
they like you do we cutie order we huge
we are noobs to the hustle life dome and
he's drinking
Sandy's root beer and jazz juice all
that bad didn't drinks only when that
fancy life humbles taking out my hair
like a true friend because I can't see
where all the pins are and apparently
neither can you
I can see the pizza take it alone did
you read your braid here I think I left
a little cream on my face eyes she gave
me this skin mask to hydrate my skin
tomorrow doing a whole bunch of makeup
stuff so she's like you need to prep
your skin that's actually what I like
about ah I love makeup people like Renee
always gives me this conditioner to make
sure my hair doesn't get damaged
actually takes care of my skin they're
very caring like that I appreciate that
um let me show you something
can you see that bruise yeah that's from
the fight scenes of I love makeup
blocking people's punches my heart and
soul has gone to the series and I hope
you love it and I hope you love the
trailer actually by the time you're
watching this the trim is out right now
I'll put the link in the description
it's double honesty Oh calm check out
the trailer Schulz um love because your
blood sweat and tears go kinda into this
what is even what like what I want you
to know that since I'm vlogging on my
phone every time I try to vlog I
accidentally take a picture so I have a
billion pictures of my father like be
blogging I fall through the die in two
seconds so i'ma go to bed if you want to
check out my video on my main channel it
is called why people really use
Instagram quite possibly the most
accurate video ever made
it is down below check out my main
channel helpful videos every Monday and
Thursday as for me I go to sleep cuz
gotta wake up soon
there yeah if you liked it subscribe if
you liked it subscribe it doesn't move
line if you like it yeah I didn't tell
you this but his real name is chase one
of my closest friends name is changed I
feel like I can't call you that
so your new name is
