I woke up and it's still night time
we're heading to set it's 5:40 a.m. very
tired very cranky
very hungry know how terrified are you
of me right now Sandy's incessant
hazardous experience I'm having so much
fun she's having fun this is so good and
I can't look at me I look really scary
but her that's what's up
jazz is here we're doing the YouTube
takeover right now we're taking over
into Twitter I can't even kill myself I
look so terrifying I can't look at
myself I can't even still talk like this
doing the YouTube takeover right now
where I'm tweeting from the YouTube
account and Google Canada just retweeted
really cool later on sound guys gonna
show you his amazing dad moves dad okay
when I'm out of this Oh am i changing
hands outfit I'm not changing I'll just
deal this is what it is for the rest of
the vlog but I'm still the same person I
like cupcakes and hugs yeah okay I took
my contacts out and I'm less scary now
oh how cool looks like a closeout like
how is you cuz I walked in them um
people watching me vlog right now
anyways who were in a club it's a gothic
type vibe going on on stretch Oh like
the light um the contact skill and my
hair is in a high ponytail so most
definitely have a headache when I get
home already popped two painkillers just
to prep myself
um but yeah fabulous fabulous let me
show you something sound guy Oh where'd
he go sound guys gonna show you some
great dad dancing that he does the crews
just chillin everyone's just chillin I
like having a great time
just when you thought Capote Lee
couldn't get any better
ready always a sage oppose Rene is poppy
say Chipotle Chipotle weights a tortilla
Sophia ah
Sabrina's so be done oh god just see
some more daddy
all this Oh frijoles UHP Hula's those
are beans daddy oh they're not rose Oh
what that was that was the say that my
bro sit down again uh gross right dad
it's big deal daddy daddy
no we wrapped for today um were you
calling me okay questions about you does
he look the best oh yeah hi isn't he so
cute
Sebastian's acutest we hate each other
this scary contacts are coming up don't
worry I know it looks very scary
we all wrapped my feet kill I'm gonna go
home and eat boom for someone to massage
my feet
that is the game plan you're sad you
what are you doing
I'm just talking my parents so Rene just
gave me the best head massage you and
nothing you hear you know what's up what
sound is going to show us in special
skill is Daddy dancing lets you ha ha
works with any V I love I can will you
be ready
young Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom
Boom Boom to you girl oh that boy tick
boom Chicka Boom Chicka Boom Chicka Boom
Boom to booty I love Victor hey sound
good
what shut up Wally no look below i la la
can't get in oh no I can't get inch
taller
I look crazy I look crazy like I ate
Shrek
mom mom I finished home sweet home oh my
god I look like those all frills I for
reals look like close up Oh
per my system myself I'm a wonderful
friend I've come home I'm gonna make
dinner tonight because I feel like I
make some pretty good pasta every day
we'd be having pasta you know like what
else is there to make so I'm going to
make a big cheese pass
baked cheese bowtie pasta today first me
take a shower take all this off of me
Sandi's and charm and cheese and jazz is
in charge of newsletter the reason that
newsletters delayed is the service I
used to send the newsletter change their
policy and it's like effed up
everything's I'm not able to send a
newsletter which is wise late so we're
working on it figuring out a solution
right now but thank you for your
patience i'ma go wash the begin what's
that cartoon character garbage what is
it
Oscar I'm gonna go watch wash Oscar the
Grouch off my face you must be wondering
what's going on here sandy and I like to
hug it out
every time we're tired always wanna have
a good day so once a day we hug each
other that's a good hug mmm that's a
good one that's a good one
I feel refreshed that's a good one right
you got a hug it out one today you know
time hug it out brah
make it a good one make it count
therapeutic therapeutic oh oh oh what a
beautiful head wrap where did you get it
from from this girl she makes head wrap
she made superwoman one what what is her
name
sandy skg at this Andy life isn't that
you know the link will be in the
description oh I'm gonna go make dinner
now
and how is it delicious lawyer best milk
ever had no home daily yr except for the
one day I have a journey wire I'm so
tired I know I thought dire comment this
on below what the song ooh look me burn
in a madman yeah he never back
I could Kenneth hit him
sometimes I wish I could turn back time
impossible is amazing but I was shackled
so bad baby
I'm CP and I'm acting crazy and people
are making funny like jazz she was
making fun of me wasn't anywhere she was
making fun of me
oh this way you said I'm I'm stupid
clearly did not you did
and then we fell asleep and that I
didn't end my vlog and then I was the
next morning if you liked it subscribe
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe relate yeah oh back oh yeah
thank its Nick what's that guy creeped
all over Instagram he's right here
hey guys how's it going so we
