be attractive be attractive be
attractive me it was locking what else
rhymes with dropping plottin what's
going on welcome to losing Volvo we are
gonna be productive and hostile Hart how
you feel I feel like you want also you
better feel like that because today
consists of 24 hours you will not get
back I did not end that sentence
admittedly but I figured it out here's
the mission for today's you write a
script shoot a video go to haters back
off premier go to dinner and a cool
place check my emails back for tomorrow
more on all those things but first we
write a script dunno why I'm right now I
am a person who just finished script
give me 2 points shoot the video oh no I
think I keep breaking my neck you know
that's ok because I also keep going damn
right it's the goal we're trying to make
our goal horror movie type thing so we
got to block out all the windows got
shook us we got blankets we got all the
things it's going back also it's just me
who can't eat mashed potatoes unless I
make like cool designs in a first is
that just me that's not me right I think
everyone makes cool designs in the mash
feels right yeah have y'all been
noticing that masako's been dressing up
so nice recently I think he wants me to
notice her who me Tony
you been in squat banana squat right
here well yeah it to me was like you
need a more of a splash
because Romy I was walking my chaplet
okay I want the Sun I want everything I
wanna you're on my jock if you want it's
imposed maybe get you order wrong I
don't want to get I don't know much
appalling OS for me because I turn to a
decent human being real quick cuz I'm
adding to I've missed this reading for
calling like haters back off but I'm
heading to the party because of the poor
to support your friend I'm gonna vote
and I was come with me they go good
ryujin you've all been waiting for
don't watch it right now I'm so proud of
her she worked so hard even to I just
watch the first episode and it is so
cute
the water right now and tweeter and
she's my white and this is my second
life
I'm just numbering all day so we're at
this restaurant right now and this is
actually where was it in his book was
created if you go back to that vlog not
sure it tell us about a restaurant
that's really really cool and we're
completely ignoring her because she said
but yeah this is the one I serve really
really cool food in really cool ways so
we're gonna see what's up I'm Korean
starving so I myself oh my god the
napkins a tuxedo I get it I get it
steak cut fries not to be mistaken for
Stan correct correct
hi all right hot tub time my neck hurts
so much this is not because of leisure
it's kind of contagious it's basically
medicinal hot tub tongue because I broke
up my neck while stretching this morning
and that's what's happening I'm also so
full and I'm so tired I can't we just
leave oh goody this is very nice 4:30
a.m. I've just been up talking and doing
non sensory things but now and I also
took out some blackheads and now my face
is all puffy like jiggly puff anyways
I'm gonna go to bed my neck is broke up
I think I mentioned this already I am
flying to Arizona and a couple hours
when you're watching this I'm probably
ready there and I'm going to do some
really cool thing actually each of you
guys I don't know how much of this
weekend I can vlog now I think about I'm
going I'm going to some Asian I think
there's some like we IP people there at
site guests oh I guess I can't talk
about it cuz it's being live-streamed I
was freaking out site guess which is a
really cool thing and cool people be
there kind of like the Google camp I
went to in Italy a while back but that's
what I'm doing this weekend so I
apologize I can't vlog too much in video
we're to practice late today let's see
how
so for the restaurant so the restaurant
the food was such an experience of so
cool they delivered a suffragist it was
so expensive and it was so filling and
now I'm just like waiting to explode you
know more talk about this whole time the
bill came we were like you kidding me
right now you know cheap we are you
sitting at anyways ridiculous
I'm just mumbling and blabbering now
because I mean really retired so I'm
gonna bet that's wrong if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe click
reminder like you know Monday's video is
drinka fide so make sure you get
yourself and your body prepared I'm
gonna need y'all to share the f out of
that one because I'm trying to make a
little height but I'm trying to like you
know marry drinking stuff so help me out
with that is that Monday's video get
prepared
