dear Lilly dear me if I go back in time
and tell myself anything the younger
version of myself I would say Lilly stop
worrying about being normal
I mean I used to have this idea growing
up that there was cool and there was
normal and we should be those things and
we should all fit into this night nice
neat category that doesn't exist so
growing up I was a huge tomboy and I
just was so embarrassed of that or you
know growing up my family looked
different from everyone else's families
whether it was who was in my family or
like the color of our skin or what it
was and I remember being so embarrassed
about differences you know my hair was
way longer than everyone else's hair no
one else had hair as long as mine and no
one else's family looked like mine so
clearly something was wrong with me and
I remember being so embarrassed and
always trying to downplay all these
amazing differences I had and trying to
seem very normal
trying to seem accepted trying to seem
like how everyone else seemed for
example I would never try anything new I
used to be so bad at sports I remember I
stood cry during gym class and I even
still don't know how to run but I mean I
would never try and I never want to step
outside my comfort zone because I'm so
scared to stand out you know I already
stood out I was passionate about weird
things I was the only girl who liked
wrestling I always stuck out and I
always thought that was a bad thing if I
could go back I'd say embrace all those
differences and I think as as you grow
you realize that those differences make
people awesome today when I meet people
and they're different from me I'm like I
want to be your friend to teach me all
the things and I want to know so much
about you where you come from and all
these things that make you who you are
but when we're growing up we don't think
like that we think there's this one idea
of what people should be and when we
don't fit it it's stressful and I
remember I remember growing up
specifically in high school there were
so many times when I felt so alone
because I felt like there's no one else
that things like me and it's going
through what I'm going through and I
think the biggest thing I'll tell myself
is that you're never really alone I
think I spent so much of my teenage
years trying to fit in and be
cool that I forgot being different is
the coolest thing you could be I wish I
could go back and tell myself just
whisper in my ears wait a few years
because all these things that make you
different are gonna get you so far in
life because dear young Lily all those
amazing different qualities you have no
one else has those same ingredients and
only you can be the awesome person you
can be so genuinely don't try to fit in
you were born to stick out I mean look
at you now you're a huge weirdo you're
so different
people kind of like you in conclusion I
would say you are everything you need to
be happy love me
