good morning we're sitting in a bat cave
because jazz has a migraine well we've
been convinced that jazz is turning into
a von vampire slowly and slowly we're
going to transition wash the transition
of her trying to kill us
meeting breakfast right now no oatmeal
though because the maker of oatmeal has
not made you huh
but oatmeal so Sandy's coming today so
we're depend of Sanders and I'm very
exciting another member of our friend
he's going to join us my today is
another workday getting sued I think I'm
also going to make lunch or dinner today
some sort of pasta so that's cool
hacking work work work work work yeah we
are working away nothing exciting has
happened yet evasion as what the hell
why not absolutely nothing exciting
exactly nothing exciting has happened
today jazz is sitting here I'm sitting
there doing work I taught my mom had to
send me files through Gmail on FaceTime
it was very music I'm sure Justin vouch
for my mom did yeah it was really really
really funny yeah three hours later she
sent me a file um what are you did you
had sorting when you get jazz my
grandmas and she's dying we're gonna do
that to get food and she's like a
workday they're probably so annoyed to
be saying this every day I'm like today
is at work but we're working on the
newsletter so if you haven't signed up
the newsletter yet you need to do that
the link is in the description because
we also must
what excuse me
the good thing is I'd make you suspected
I do the exact simply usage as log yeah
but but like John sounds like you know
standards for her channel and the two
premiums like yeah is really pretty
you really pretty thanks are you know
well why am I so much wider than you
death without you know I know like
actually there's this economy jail at
the foundation just better is better or
it may be Oh cuz you were also on
vacation making ugly things on the
cafeteria I'm TV you face I'm not
agreeing with you hey I believe you I
said I will try again ready why do you
do that I was like that's pretty there's
some quality content right here ah ah
I'm losing my mind
yeah we are going grocery shopping
because I've decided I'm going to make a
fabulous dinner tonight because I must
chef I feel like we just had a very
quick and efficient grocery trip I think
we're so efficient I was music bam bam
bam done cuz humbles not here to
dilly-dally that's what he'd be like
analyzing which faster so to get a long
last time yeah
this little took us like I I'm gonna say
like 11 minutes freaking bomb okay but
the point is it was quick the point is
also after this before la radio stations
just
just like songs you haven't heard in so
long yeah yo I made lunch I'm like the
chef of the day today a subpar lunch
it's fajitas asparagus and sour cream
and leftover to pull a sausage is Jazz's
idea which is great bone Appetit and
Tings okay okay get it you guys are
amazing
somebody admit when do they make this
wait this was a while ago November 6th
what okay remember I told you I the
Shawn turtle pronounced the Asian thing
is like so jokes apparently someone made
one how to pronounce Lilly Singh last
year last year I don't never seen it
okay I'm gonna show you so good you
ready to play play play yeah I love this
I'll put this in the description my vlog
this is made me so happy
wise hi Shawn toodles
yeah so even just working away nothing
too exciting humbles back home I'm about
to make some dinner which I'm very
excited about my cuz I wanna make
something delicious passed on or some
delicious pizza it's gonna be delicious
you want some ginger ale um Jasmine did
you call him Oh Jesse
Jazz's new name is Jasmine because
everyone in my life like all my agency
and everyone just I work but they always
call jazz Jasmine because they don't
understand her names just lean hello
Jasmine so now she's not known as
Jasmine chanterelle
jaanu and hunky record that's her banner
chef Lily in the house chef chef Lily in
the house
chef Lily animation but she's he's
alright so chef Alina house chef
Shelly Lilian chef Lily in the house hum
was very upset because he broke his neck
listen to the second one he's broken on
the trip you're trying to put it back
together
and this is all he's been saying for the
past 20 minutes god oh it's mumbled
dismally Chandra the boys Jean doodle
the poet Shh Shawn dude hahahaha
I don't know this girl was dancing in
the kitchen with your cooking today and
it's not chatted all really I want to
kick it up slugging it that's why I was
dancing Oh who's Rebecca this doesn't
seem correct okay - one two one so she
did it's time to like - Candace you know
what time it is wicked missing just to
watch with us no I need I think we
should play a board game I think you
want to it is more attracted I think you
should watch it I think we should play
uncle I said you should watch it with us
when I should watch it with are you
walking with us are you gonna watch crew
is Satish on to Nevada see I don't have
like workers rights or anything
haha something is what in my I would
just happen oh my god oh my god what's
happening what I can try to vlog like
you showing me this video okay so
tomorrow I'm going to coffee with
someone for professional reasons
when I say who but I'm going to coffee
you'll find out in tomorrow's vlog and
I'm like
the person is really hot and jazz miss a
girl is like what are you doing good do
some situps
this guy has a six-pack I'm just saying
you gotta get on it oh go do some situps
stop digging in what happen it's putting
my eye
what else did you put on the bed forget
vinegar oh it's burning it's burning Oh
jazz told me go do some situps is the
story sure you're so mean no is there
something in your eyes you don't think I
bought you think me much as I rub my eye
you don't think I could be hijacked your
hot five balloon subscrip don't you do
you know hot yeah oh my eyes are so red
give the camera smile yeah could do some
situps
jerk yeah I do look crazy sweater is a
disaster
no off oh my god it's gonna be as cold
it's not that all right now is it I'm
dying
ah are you gonna sleep now I can wake up
like pretty early not that early my call
time for Tuesday let's discuss that jazz
okay my call times 6 a.m. on Tuesday so
tomorrow I have to wait about 1020 so I
should feel privileged
um but humbles gonna pick up Sandi and
when we're asleep and I gotta wake up
tomorrow and excited I love exciting
things happening tomorrow um yeah
if you liked it subscribe if you liked
it subscribe if you longer so cool yeah
basically deception toodle is a way to
print out the incorrect way to pronounce
Chipotle basically look it up maybe up
with a Lincoln
