yo its morning time good morning uh we
had to drive an hour for our first shoot
but look at this beautiful sons that we
saw on the way all slept in and it was
really funny because jazz woke up in a
panic I just heard some rustling husband
and then we all got about you in seven
minutes we all go right in seven minutes
our locations an hour away it's very
very early very pretty like the top of
mountains this is not a painting this is
real life it's real life so pretty today
I'm getting married
Hawaii we are on the top of a mountain
eating breakfast it is very cold to have
a very important question to ask
everyone so is the club going up on a
Tuesday or oh yeah it's Wednesday
so I'm getting ready for my wedding
obviously Renee is holding it down look
how gorgeous my wedding is though let's
just talk about look at this look at
this come on come on you how gorgeous is
my wedding all this water and the can
you see this water hold up can you see
all that blue water mmmmmm hey groom you
want to meet my groom this is my groom
so now I didn't tell you this but his
real name is chase one of my closest
friends name is changed well should I
feel like I can't call you that so your
new name is alejandro mmm sexy lab vet I
leave any handle okay look at this house
how gorgeous is this house right now oh
jeez oh jeez can I just take you I just
can I just whoop
in my pocket so let's
chase it's lunchtime
okay so we're shooting some seeds in the
shade and it's so cold I had goose bumps
all over my body so hard to speak when
I'm calling like China hams defrosting
right now and it's lunch time let's go
eat
how are you guys have been enjoying
somebody been doing work work and so on
the son and I wrote I wrote some
thoughts for a song she wrote some
thoughts that's great
I don't know what it is no matter what
today I'm so cold I'm still so cold
there's Sun blaring out on everyone hi
problems
it was happy are you ready for our
wedding yes and I almost get to kiss you
almost look at that so put our wedding
is gonna get the best so this is my big
day guys I don't know if I can go
through with this I don't think I can
I'm getting questions yeah it's my big
day although my hobby looks real good
better not get cold feet or I'll kill
him Lana steel style okay by the way the
trailer they all saw the trailer the
trailer for Lana steel because I really
told you what the shows about oh what's
going on with the trailer is coming up
this Friday at 12 o'clock Eastern
Standard Time on I love make up YouTube
channel I'm so excited what you guys
think of it so so good I'm honestly they
would be honest especially joshi would
tell them to suck straight up um
I what I lied to you I mean you would
jazz jazz to be like kinda suck um but
it was really good like I really liked
it so
Russian cookies getting married all you
how are you guys doing good we're
getting married again three times today
I don't know a little bit like Moon
seven just keep trying later and I'm
just that good coming back from war
coming back for more get all the guests
hurry up she didn't even invite me jazz
we all don't even so there's a splinter
in my foot that's being operated on
right now well god hello riding shoes at
least my makeups on pointing to painful
situations in this girl's such a trooper
that she was running up and down a hill
did not say a word until we were wrapped
to be fair it look just happened on the
last one yes don't let that out of the
blonde he's kidding tonight or if I take
the veil often yeah yeah let's do the
voiceover shoe right now it's your
supper let's get this going oh yeah it's
really really in there yo so we're
wrapped 7:30 tomorrow my call time is
10:30 I'm so excited
I still have a splinter in my foot so
I'm just limping and I have to go home
and figure it out and yes I will chase
you it was really good it's my favorite
set of the obviously like a beach and
stuff you have to bump up the exposure
on this bad boy
are you cold have my joget I'm leaning
in to Klein's looking one for Sun just
kidding uh yeah what do we have for
dinner your little heart desires yay
Chipotle Chipotle Chipotle oh my god
when he says that II panty-dropper all
 shun shun tootle don't let this be
a testament to how hilarious I am Oh
ring why are you crying I'm not all the
way right I came crying because I'm
laughing so much why are you laughing
Bingley so funny basically I'm hilarious
I'm telling her jokes and now she's put
another single potato see see see
I'm hilarious I'm hilarious
yo so it's been five days jazz is cried
twice but done jazz a mess see how mean
she is to me I think everyone knows I'm
an angel
look at this hair oh my god it's like
the thing that comes out of the potato
basically my foot is killing now okay
what did what what even is this
situation basically my foot is throbbing
now the Splinter still in it
I don't know how to get it out these
people keep talking about a potato
almost going on I really I have to make
a video tomorrow's Thursday I I just
come on can't I just have a Cosmo and go
to sleep
damn it with limping up in here cha just
lead how I stepped on it
Slean ooh you done crying Teja
today Sean tootle how many times have
you seen me on this log and a complete
mess I just fell asleep on the couch
sandy tried to take the splinter out of
my foot I cried and I screamed and it's
still in my foot
it's basically so far in my foot and I
think she's like now the seventh or
eighth person that's trying to take it
out so I don't know to do about this it
hurts so much and I don't understand how
something so small can hurt so much cuz
I have a pretty high pain tolerance so
this to hurt a lot must mean it's really
hitting my foot um so I don't noted it
I'm gonna leave it in and I keep like
walking on one foot like limping and
hopefully when I get on set tomorrow
I'm gonna ask them to get me some sort
of looks like some cream or something
you could put on it white mint and it
helps to come I have no idea I have no
idea
I'm so tired like I'm sure you can see
it in my eyes so I didn't make a video
I'm gonna do it tomorrow I apologize for
late videos that are coming out but it's
not for no reason I feel like I'm gon
die so thanks for joining me another day
I'm so excited for y'all to see the
trailer of Alana steel on Friday like
I'm so excited if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe don't worry I
know it's very scary we all wrapped my
feet Jill I'm gonna go home and eat boom
for someone to massage my feet
