the morning don't be fooled by me
looking as such there's lighting and
makeup and so I woke up this morning
feeling like I was in India I woke up
sweating and I feel horrible but it's
another shoot day tomorrow's weather
shoot day I have a day off on Sunday and
Monday so we gotta tap through a
simpleton see covered we're shooting our
first date of the day look at there's so
many things happening and there's all
these things happening in this is teal
look - you feel my pimple showing I know
I will fix that ok Oklahoma
so tractive and look at this year yeah
let's see I'm dying but Elise is keeping
me life I asked her soup that she did
Jess pursue Ora
we're back to righty boys I got y'all
that I know what's happening today so if
my vlog day might be a little bit
delusional because I'm a little bit but
that's what happened in there you guys
shoot look at this funky look come in
two robes right now that's just what's
going on I don't even remember what I
said in my first clip on this vlog
because I was so delusional and so if I
made no sense I apologize um what's up
sound guy was it um yeah husband say
something but was also last night I
actually had a dream to go to walk and
so we're at a dream that someone
surprised me and they're like we gotta
take you somewhere and then they took me
through this door and the door led to
like Wrestlemania and like Nick Jonas
was there singing jealous it was so
weird
so then today I wore a rock t-shirt to
set that's pretty much my story right
then I'm gonna go wipe my boogers jazz
look sick no no kooky shoes
I'm jazz like to say she called me cute
jazz usually horrible I'm not some nice
Oh what is up in my hair though what do
you mean what's wrong with this it's off
laughing that's so we established
yesterday that I know jazz so well that
I can literally say words that she's
gonna say before she says that it's true
yeah only when I'm full look I know you
really well I think I know you pretty
well no your hair's fine god this is
Toby
oh yes his role is creepy dude super
creepy dude he is fulfilling that
wonderfully and that's my super creepy
sidekick and by the way
Young Money Young Money's his name you
know Toronto yep yeah so this is Young
Money he's actually my bodyguard so that
works out yeah but I beat the crap out
of both of them so you would I'm old
money house was that this is Chandra
being wonderful
yeah told ya it's lunchtime of course
they're so sweet they got me soup
because I'm on this obviously six I got
rice vegetable soup but have a little
nice quiet warm lunch right now so I can
regroup we just a really fun scene I'll
say it again so different for anything
I've done
um and I it's like when during a whole
new realm of like having to act a
certain way and its really really really
really cool and I hope we get to do more
stuff like it so I'm super excited for
y'all to see this this any of anyone for
you for my viewers like you I seem so
silly wrong you're gonna see me in in
some situations that you've never seen
before so I'm so excited
Lana steel goop soup so it's the best
time of day it's the tie every day takes
my hair out and gives me a scalp massage
okay so I just didn't exceed with that
with no any shoes on the floor this is
my feet look like very attractive so
attractive I'm heading home I have I get
this a three day off period tomorrow she
got cancelled because of rain so I three
days all I'm so excited to sleep and
rejuvenate my health and do all these
things and drink cosmos and eat junk
food I'm so excited I'm getting school a
mind came to pick me up everyone's mom
over them but asking for their from
school and they went grocery shopping so
we have food at home and we're a real
home and a real family with a real food
yeah Tyrael food I hope you mean
chocolate haha that's exactly what to do
my stovetop heartburn yeah okay so this
is the thing I places I'm a microwave so
we've never experienced stovetop popcorn
so we're gonna experiment with this I
have three days off I'm a watch them
Game of Thrones we watch a movie
a movie game of Thrones on popcorn on
I'm sleeping I'm asleep until like past
10:00 and there's some shadow on my face
we get out of here honey I'm home my
dinner something smells good Oh
is our wife he making us dinner
boy you cut in hot dogs let's do circuit
what medicating yo yo you know about
these things back at mushrooms no no
those mushrooms in the sauce
you've got your mushrooms veggie and
mushrooms we purposely didn't your
mushrooms mushrooms in the sauce these
people forgot too much you had one look
at my eye makeup again look how much oh
here we go you oh my god all this yogurt
you better eat the yogurt every day oh
my god so much yogurt mom look you asked
for yogurt okay it's been a long game
cheers to the freakin weekend no one's
choosing with me are you guys doing
the family will watch at dinner that
white female why if you take a bell so
it's like I should establish your
Bonifant
you wanna bother you but I saw some
shadowy are like me humble and jazz are
just so ghetto and everything we do go
to ghosts or how much was your wine oh
my god your wife was four dollars for we
buy the cheapest everything okay we were
like how can we put the pot on the table
we put it on top of another pot the same
pot was my tripod okay for our wine in
Canada so we're gonna have our little
dinner here a little dinner setting and
our get honest and we're gonna reenact
for you what just happened okay again
like I'm gonna get some more cuz I am so
hungry
jazz you didn't eat anything let me get
you some more we are talking about you
had what what was your action
disappointed in jazz I wasn't like you
know why I was appointed so they she
would have never known cuz she was in LA
but you wonder why she doesn't do what
watch what what I wasn't luck stuff like
most the time know that we would found
out now huh so Yahweh talk about without
me no this is my before with Rose
there's something we did the other day
that she's a no-go wait what Jeff I mean
Elmo doesn't know he's appalled did you
have to call it no veggie girl I'm
honestly my bacon ever okay today
realize
you google map that you go away so you
can take me effort do you see what
happens when you support a family
wait what happened was we couldn't go to
bars for shopping because with E so we
talked about this you not okay that's
fine that's fine that's fine that's like
cheaters you might be wondering why I'm
crying right now how Moses told me a
story basically they were talked about
earlier and just actually us without him
realizing it what's in the combo jazz
asked what was in the cobble she is that
person I didn't even think about like I
actually wanted to know no she doesn't
know what's in the cobble what do you
mean well you know what
it's no freaking thing your burger fries
and a drink yeah there are no private
talk about don't you know don't know
what's in the car bar will you marry the
man that never had fries on the marry
talk about weird
boom one of the strange jazz is more
than the comic book the mystery animal
the guy's monolith there is no there is
no comma what do you mean there is no
combo of course there's a combo
oh my god Jesus yeah so humble and I are
about to watch Game of Thrones jazz is
watching what are you watching in house
of cards she watching house of cards she
was one watch Game of Thrones with us we
set a whole vibe here
that's a game yo chill we go watches
we're serious about this he's seen all
using all the way I'm caught oh yeah I'm
not quite up but he's watching again
with me because he's bombed
it's totally he were avid ever give
rooms fans so I'm gonna start season 3
episode 1 hey gal it's the next day and
I don't think I remember to end
yesterday's vlog because Game of Thrones
consumed
life and then yeah okay baby if you like
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like and subscribe yeah okay so I'd
never let jazz edit my main channel
videos not because of anything that's
jazz I just like to add my own my main
main channel videos I cut this one
