morning I don't want to get out of bed
but I have to because I have to go clean
my body in the shower and I have to go
places have a meeting slash lunch with
someone that shall remain nameless but
you'll find out how so look I'm forced
to wear small heels and now John's
making fire-making she thinks I'm trying
to be fabulous but the truth is that I
only have my other sandals and it's
little bit chilly outside so small heel
I can deal
there's a first time I'm driving this
car so I'm a little stressed because I
heard the brakes aren't the best so I'll
see what apples yeah what's the AC on
what's going on what's going on here no
it's not as hot as I'd like it to be I
put my nose in back and I had to take it
off a lot of stealing was such a mission
to put back in especially because like
my nails are so long I was a king but I
got it back in so that's good I am
heading to a meeting and I'm very
excited about it and I'm gonna feel so
lame cuz the person we meet with there's
a chance that this person might watch as
long if you watch it be creeped out okay
but this is the best part of my job
meeting people that I find very
intriguing and I feel like I'm so
privileged in that nature that I'm able
to like treat someone or like message to
me like hey like let's shoot a video
let's have lunch here I don't think
that's one of the coolest parts of my
job so I'm very excited about this I'm
headed else I'm not gonna be late
because I get lost
hoarsely everywhere I go I need
breakfast damn it what's up so I'm at
coffee bean and there's some dude here
he looks kind of familiar I think he's
following me where'd he go
oh that guy yeah that guy it's Nick
what's that guy creeped all over
Instagram he's right here
hey guys how's it going so we might be
doing something today I'm like in the
Sun if you can't interface are we
blowing out oh damn it it's closer to
Nick okay yeah there we go we might do
something together yeah be excited
comment below if you want us to do
something together also if you know who
this is yet I mean you don't watch my
videos his information will be in
description
ah you guys can find me anywhere online
Instagram Oh an Instagram okay Nick to
underscores Bateman to underscores not
one and not zero by two boys there you
go and I have to run to a meeting now um
that's um happen that's what's happening
right now
Bateman ladies and gentlemen boom boom
boom no pants are the best pants yeah
surprise I went to coffee with nick
bateman um and he's you know when you
when someone's hot Nick even if he
watches I don't go you're hot you know
you're hot but you know what someone's
hot and you're like oh I hope they have
like a great personality um he has a
great personality cuz like usually when
someone's hot they're hot and then the
person always ask when oh he has he's a
great person oh he's wonderful he's such
a sweetheart um so we're hopefully gonna
do something together a video together
but I always like to meet people first
just to make sure they're not a serial
killer
um and he's convinced me that he's only
killed a few people so that's just up on
my knees sweetheart so now I'm heading
to some meetings still haven't had
breakfast but I'm okay with that had
some hot chocolate and hot chow kit so
hard to sing this song
censored I'm like you I you I I you
the cameras solo editor party solo and a
better party know so I'm in this office
right now they've gone to go get coffee
so I decided to blog and professionally
this office is so cool it looks like I
it makes me feel like I'm on a yacht I
feel like I'm on a yacht and look
outside it's in Santa Monica so the
beach is like right there has a balcony
and the beach to a halt I can you see it
Casey yeah Casey yeah yeah the beach is
like right there today's a good day
today is the first sunny day and my
spirits are high and the la radio of
course was killing I'm good good happy
move mood and it has nothing to do the
fact that I just had drinks with a
really hot guy kidding lady I'm telling
you ladies and gentlemen I'm with the
creator of the dress so let me explain
this if you don't know you know the
dress the black and blue white and gold
it was posted by Sarah's fan page so
Sarah's picture is associate please tell
the story real quick
basically I'm a very wonderful swai
cling if you will was my that's my
fandom who posted and the dress photo
the infamous dress photo which
unfortunately had my name and my photos
all over it so all the press outlets
called me for my quotes and my Ellen
Show holder now on show called her know
what do you see do you see black or blue
or white stars all angles and change the
black and blue and I know the same thing
happened to me I've said I oh it's like
a bliss black and blue and at night one
night I was like oh my god so we headed
in this photo that was finding gold how
ridiculous and that I should my friend
that I was like look at this is the
white and gold version and he's like
it's black and blue and I was like dunzo
the creator of the dress ladies and
gentlemen all right bye mom hey uh I'm
hot I'm eating food I am headed to fires
looks maybe I for two and then strikes
again
okay BRB so I am hated as I was trying
to explain to him for I was like brown
Rhodri I am headed to Yusuf's place to
his mornings with fousey I think here so
Misha
I think it's mornings with Lucy's I wish
it with him oh yeah that's when it's
morning Suze I went to the stasiu and
more importantly to steal his dog and I
didn't bring my makeup with me I totally
forgot so I can't touch my makeup and I
guess that's just what its gonna be and
I'm kind of bummed because of my damn I
shall thought about video idea too so I
could have today's Monday
here is Monday and I did post a video so
psycho up by Tom doing shooting with him
linking at home it seems like 8:30 and
then I stopped spring a video it's gonna
be late so it's like what am i she's
elusive but I don't have an idea I guess
I'll just shoot his and then come on
when she mine I don't know I'm pulled
over the side of the road just thinking
thinking I managed to do but if they
went ahead to his house shoot this video
come home shoot my video m2p NGP so I
just come to a conclusion that every
time I'm on my way to another youtuber
sells I have to pee so badly because I
remember before I went to Grace's house
I have to pee so badly right now why do
I do this I'm gonna be known as a girl
who comes to people's houses in peace
I'm okay with that
all right so meet my new boyfriend name
is dollar my boo boo
okay he's so precious oh my god I'm in
love I'm in love okay kind of content
because small oh yeah you subsea -
hahaha
Melissa everybody as soon as I walked in
he said by the way it's in a really
awkward video so get ready for all this
I'm gonna be the most awkward video you
guys have ever seen I'm a ruin her life
right now yeah
okay but if your dog's missing it wasn't
me go to the camera character or not I
feel like I need to give her a kiss he
give you a kid oh I'm sure they're good
to use it's a green screen so we're
gonna do the funny like our date why did
she turn me down so much I come here
you ain't even got vegetarian food for
me I messed up I offer her sandwiches
and meals and I kept wondering like why
isn't she eating is my food bed and then
she drops do you have anything
vegetarian and I went yes Fisher
digitarium
she said no let's do a quick fine
schipperkes scale girlfriend should we
not cast it or not please not notice no
no let's see how good a friend Yusuf is
okay are you ready yeah man ask you some
questions you know Shawn fair would you
give a supermoon video
oh um purpose superwoman video is give
me time though Spencer isn't the speed I
say dings I'm trying like I don't know
cuz there's there so many why they're so
amazing name one the girl code okay one
that we didn't just talk about ah um lay
the official music one that we didn't
just talk no cuz I know what happens in
them okay like you did the one um with
Seth Rogen and James Franco and you got
to make out with him make uh Lucas it
was a make up more than I've ever done
so you've done um okay next question
what is my dad character's name uh is
something jeet um that's my mom
character's name so why are you doing
this how many subscribers dad oh you
have five million one hundred and
something thousand I point to you Phil
but um what is my ending phrase of my
videos then it's in every video you
really say something and at the end of
every video um can I say the intro sure
well whatever one is your girl
superwoman I can't at the end um is why
we can't day because I don't know any
other stuff in the videos but isn't
friendship like YouTube friendships
supposed to be not about like just
YouTube okay what's my favorite color
alright so we just finished shooting in
dollar come here boo-boo
come here boo boo say bye to my lovely
vlog ooh
bye boo boo contributing my vlog my new
boyfriend I don't just take you home
since I beat you so if I didi Kong but
what else say bye to you soon bye guys
next time I keep looking here next time
I'll do better I'm gonna study her home
and look who's here to greet me sandy
Lian and dinner is ready for me when I
walk in the door best family ever who
the hell needs a husband when you got
friends that's what's up oh my god it's
all the food I made yesterday heat it up
I'm so impressed so get this we're
making popcorn on the stove in a pot Jaz
is doing a normal thing have you ever
seen this it was funny about that
I really didn't imagine this part I
wasn't made it without this I also know
we've been flying everywhere I also did
not imagine what went on that make sense
now
I was imagining like an animated
overflowing of popcorn you know I agree
and it smells like popcorn it's science
this is amazing come to today's tripod
I'm going to be doing a video a lot of
you want me to Q&A and you know I don't
like doing normal q and A's but a lot of
people on Facebook like do another Q&A
so basically I'm gonna do a Q&A with
humble in which I ask there's me 15
questions that I answer but he also
answers and for every one he gets wrong
I get water splashed on my head this
part is part of our tripod the tripod
part
and yeah jazz has he had this better
jazz had always hurts his problems yo
was I took a shower is 2 a.m. my videos
still gonna take 20 months to upload and
my call time is 5:45 a.m. so not much
sleep is happening to do um I did a
video with humble it was different from
other videos I usually don't like doing
challenge e type videos but it was just
fun to do because we're just all hanging
out so hope you like it um link is in
the description main channel video if
you want to watch it this photo is real
right now
it's 2:30 for one more minute left until
my videos up soon as this is up I'll
post it jump into bed get 3 hours of
sleep and get ready for my party now
we're shooting tomorrow um Sandy's
coming to set tomorrow to Shadow Chandra
stylist things I'm very excited about
that so it's cool to be on set and how
all my friends there so and that's what
laughing tomorrow back to LA osteo it's
been a nice wonderful 3 days I only have
one I'm basically working like five six
days straight now my next day off is on
Sunday so it's gonna be a bit hectic but
it's okay we can do it
huzzah hustle hard um thanks for joining
me another day I hope you had a
phenomenal day if you liked it subscribe
if you like it subscribe and write yeah
just better and better or it may be Oh
cuz you were also on vacation makin ugly
things on the count of three one two
