good morning I made myself eggs and
cheese and stuff uh officers the last
person to wake up and dare I say my room
was a little bit too hot this morning
it's a big statement for me humble
doesn't care
jazz randomly going for a run to prove
she's a healthy superstar person while I
sit and eat my cheesy eggs uh that's
what's happening chase my day off I
slept in I feel wonderful and I'm gonna
go buy a new camera today I'm gonna do
it when she does I need to do today I'm
going to relax it I'm so excited so
today is our day off team super okay so
as colleges have this conversation you
should know that humble is the biggest
dilly dad ler in the earth or dilly dad
dilly dally dilly dally so much like if
something needs to happen you're like
these 50 steps have to happen in between
point A and B so jazz has been waiting
for him to run the past like 15 minutes
humble has sat on his laptop
gone to the washroom changes clothes
made herself a protein shake slowly
started slowly slipped in here
now he's stretching it's been so long
but this is a strife of us like people
do anything and it's like a video shoot
or like something he's done he's on
board with and then me and Jess are
discussing I will tie him they will time
it really is this much time to get it
done dancing happen well when I mean
Josh discussion that we think is just
not to be sex well we think it's a man
thing I don't I feel like I'm in a
situation so many times when I'm trying
to get a man to rush like we need to go
somewhere do something and he's just
like shows no urgency can you relate is
this is me calm blue so relatable as
that causal all right they finally left
for the run and my duty is to clean the
kitchen because humble cook dinner her
and jazz petition says no I have to
clean the rest of the kitchen we are a
functioning family here hmm
it felt so nice as the verities already
said it but I need to say to get it felt
so nice and I'm so excited to get a blog
camera I have a lot of things to do on
my days off I think in total have except
three right now then I have I think I've
four in total left so many
people that want to shoot like use of
ones to shoot and I have to meet up with
so many people like Hannah etc so I
think today's gonna be my date like
figure out what I'm gonna meet with
these people and yeah she'd be fine I'm
excited but let's clean the house versus
I and I always says my room is so messy
again I actually don't like being a
messy environment so prepare on some
music and we'll clean the house gonna
clean oh speaking of which I'm gonna
start a thing where y'all send me videos
of you dancing the song and I'm gonna
post them it's like gonna be like a
Chris Brown does those dance challenges
that's what's up hi so I clean the house
humble and jazz are back and how could I
forget to tell you because now I can
tell you I think can I tell you I'm
gonna tell you that all some of the
secret things I've been doing some on
that day what I said well I gotta do
some travel stuff and I can't tell you
what I'm doing yet that is because I am
coming back to India and sorry
sad I am coming to YouTube FanFest
Mumbai on March 20th and my panties
couldn't be more in a nought YT ffs
hashtag if you go to the website you'll
get all the details but it's on March
20th ah
ah all right let me show you my humbles
the securest person in the entire world
okay so we have like these meetings as
friends the friend who we do like
business together so if you know so so
like I was sitting over there okay how's
that CAG and he's like hey do you have
time to like meet and discuss things
over here so my girl right side here
walk over here and he has a list and
it's called Lily meeting note and it's a
checklist you're so cute
it's the cute okay okay York yeah so we
are searching and searching for my vlog
camera my Canon Vixia is nowhere to be
found at the same prom in Toronto it's
not available in stores
I precise just get the same when I got
last time because the other one was like
so expensive and it's like the same and
the reviews are actually better on the
one I had so we're ordering it online
you notified we'll check out reopens oh
you know what this set has hours of
operation stupid so I'm gonna order is
this gonna be here in like a week so
we're going to have to okay this one
order today
no wait another week so we're gonna have
to deal with the iPhone for another week
I hope that's okay the moment of silence
for the Canon Vixia somewhere in the
ocean in Cancun
jakoli just came to shopping bag that's
how fat we are look a shopping bag with
had nose thank you
aren't you pulling a shopping bag we're
horrible people who this is very excited
what you can you pull it now wallets in
my peepee
boom it's family time with the humbles
hands and cool little rap here
situations going on my dope I appreciate
that swag um we are getting shell on
total if you don't get this joke is that
I'm right we get into a rhythm so upon
Khan in the mill I finished the whole
rice bowl by myself
I also feel for but you always finish
the rice bowl what about jazz never
finished high school but I swear I
barely do what I just did but you have
to don't buy her yeah she jazz never
finishes her boots a little fact I'm so
okay this is one of the best days of my
life
guess who follows me on Twitter Cinnabon
cinnamon follows me on Twitter oh my god
oh my god you agree cinemas are the best
thing that ever happened right I avoid
them because it's such an unhealthy
relationship
it's Tyrion has anyone have you ran us
anyone of course are they not amazing
Cinnabons are I just it's not even that
they're amazing though there are certain
type of amazing they're like they feel
naughty you didn't feel Zanotti like it
feels like oh my god I can't believe do
this right that's so good so humble and
jazz are forcing me and peer pressuring
me to want to walk you have work to do
jazz is head was hurting gonna give her
head massage tell them how good it was
look at my hair huh
doesn't my cell fluffy you know saying
it to feel really cover now my head
hurts again really I pop this pimple
just now oh we call damn that's my stop
popping your pimple step you looked up
popping whore pimples so we can't win
for a walk as I explained we handed over
to grocery store to buy cake or cupcakes
so like look at these cupcakes but now
we're debating to just get a
full-fledged cake for no reason for no
reason we're talking about before we
tell you a decision let me tell you this
job that I was telling you earlier
basically there's this channel on
YouTube called pronunciation manual or
guide or something and they mispronounce
words on purpose so like they'll be put
like zucchini or Knoblauch Zhu Ken and I
and I think it's like the funniest thing
in the world so I showed them and this
one video versus Chipotle and the guys
goes Shawn turtle and the tree he calls
Chipotle Shawn to toe so I just died
everyone someone every time some was a
Shawn to log on so humble suggested if
we're in cake why don't we write happy
birthday which one to topic
what is the decision now I'm looking at
these now this is the same thing I don't
know that good really red velvet with
cream cheese the same thing that was
over there okay buddy
Wow who needs 12 why do we need to vote
no acting like we're only here for a day
why cook like we're not gonna be back
here to my look this is the same one
presentations a little bit more yeah
it's not really good it's a birthday
cake one I don't know man should get
this I'm too many ones too yeah because
I can't even finish the big one I mean I
get to be the red velvet ones are here
look yeah yeah then the 399 yeah you
can't go wrong I'll be unhappy with this
oh I'd like to point out that earlier
today or whenever I showed humble and
them the Sean to go joke the Chipotle
Sean - no joke they did not approve we
made it funny no they didn't our food
and today we are literally buying a cake
this is happy shortening those now it's
like oh you made it yeah oh you may all
like scheduling see now
so again basically this up Charlotte
oodle is a way to print out the
incorrect way to pronounce Chipotle
basically look it up maybe up with a
link in the description of the video I'm
talking about Shawn - no that's a thing
Shawn - rulings a thing like if someone
does something - they shot to know you
and and even a 600 being a jerk you just
finished on total yeah nice person
you're just being totally yeah exit e it
means everything it means everything
basically what's in the combo tribunal
so many things have happened since I
last vlog jazz started crying because
her head was waving she sat here crying
while editing my blog because her head
was hurting and refused to stop working
and we have our happy Shawn doodles
hey after Sean - no they came I don't
know what's I just want to say
today if we'll go down in history the
best and worst John twiddled a member
too many total day this is definitely
the best in the world
it's I think I think I jazz should cut
the shot dude okay
jazz you get to cut the Sean Tweedles a
get a candle because apparently she shot
Google alright hold on Sean true king as
a candle all right that shouldn't go
there but is going to a very happy Sean
total day to you will happy jumper on it
to you Lulu
I have you today - you all right - I'm
awake Shh we all pull out the candle
together here we go one two three and by
all we mention all moving on this is you
could look like the bottom of the candle
we are our adult why are we doing this
for so this is just what eyes so we just
did some work eight-hour Sean turtle
cake humble lit some candles I guess
it's time to watch Game of Thrones
oh yeah we're watching Game of Thrones
now we didn't work and I mean how much
just had like a billion conversations we
know both the worst like that we just
could have conversations that last
forever
we wouldn't we'll work both connect with
our hostel's hard works of art then what
if I starts a conversation that's it
before we know two hours of fasting
we must uh we have some good
conversations I was just telling them
how we had some great conversations
every time I work sessions I get stuff
like a two-hour conversation then yeah
here's some good times he's about to
watch some Game of Thrones
oh yeah we just watched two game two
games two episodes Game of Thrones
we decided we're sleeping or asleep and
then we had another one our conversation
we talked so much talk so much support
all soil what a wonderful idea you're
doing work Sunday's has money day Sunday
Funday okay what about them thanks for
joining me on another day tomorrow is
another tale just ain't nobody mad about
that if you like it subscribe yeah
what's up sound guy was it um yeah
husband see something what was also last
night
