I'm so exhausted at the airport says
that the I'm at the airport mumbles not
the airport why because home was always
liked the way to check in which airline
are we flying
but that's the status right now I'm so
tired now we can knock that fart on this
plane oh hey too many but to board this
plane jazz and I have business class
humble doesn't have business class
that's okay
truthfully were on an all-economy at
heart how you feeling excited to sleep
on the way I'm also excited to be on the
plane there's something mighty there's
rose I love makeup hooked it up yo this
VIP service you show you jazz alone
you know this means I could like Rolex
sleep in my flight I'm so excited
they're still watching
so classic sea otter shed belong in
first class the lady just asked for what
my champion her look I said yes
just big deal for me I'm from the hood I
don't do these fancy things so I get to
do them it's exciting well I belong in
the car because I told the lady I'm
going to sleep you can bring me my meal
you could wake me up but you have
pressure to wake up wake me up and give
me my meal cause I'm gonna be hungry we
land this girl never woke me up I never
got my food tray or my oatmeal yes got
it it was so good I never got it and I
specifically told her wake me up and
he'd give it to me and I'm walking on
the plane she didn't say nothing I'm
like she forgot to do my feet what Air
Canada even in business class suck
I'm so we're waiting for humble now at
the rental place and is taking so long
and now she's saying can't rent this car
honestly advantage car rentals I'm not
impressed with you I've been here
forever forever
I'm unimpressed I'm human embrace I'm
very unimpressed as well with advantage
suffer much struggle we got a mini
minivan
so basically I'm a soccer mom now and
humbler driving too - so we have a mini
minivan cuz we're body is in shock god
is so much bully so apparently it was in
Cancun and after a few one or two drinks
I said jazz and humble voice notes while
tipsy and I don't wanna listen to the
who's embarrassed but they find it
hilarious so you have the other chance
to hear the real Lois I'm saying this is
a good piece of evidence that is pretty
much in line with okay
now working with the races mother ever
done recess - I love you gonna get this
with you to fail yes I'm a massive
amazing it's not like home rice ball
oh my god chins what happens when I go
goes there we go
life welcome to our new home let me give
you a quick tour this is the entrance
you walk this way
this is jazz and eyes room was that just
was like proper grammar jazz and ice
jazz and eyes rooms we have a walk-in
closet oh my god oh then we're gonna go
over here why did you treat this icon
and then we're gonna go over here and
that's really cool it's like a high
ceiling loft type really look mm-hmm
high ceiling humbles being very useful
over there humble give the camera wave
it's the kitchen and then humbles area
of life if you go up the stairs this is
the washroom oh my god I fell on the
stairs oh this is the upstairs and it
looks down so it's like a drunk drunk
people should not be up here because
it'll fall and this is humbles area oh
look at this there's a ten dollar bill
on the floor I guess it's mine
it was here I'm clean
yes I'm clean right you cuz I'm clean
though it was right here if you had a
system for your stomach
yay yay alright don't worry I'm gonna
give you this $10 bill I feel bad for
you again when I give you this $10 so I
feel bad and I think I would land on the
couch either you can go that far
oh my god you jump off here with a
nine-year-old boy when I wear my hat
like that
alright time to unpack I'm also somehow
I've gotten sick
I feel sick I'm Way more sick by the
memory I mean sciences are killing and
for them being a fever so I can't act
deal with the Oscars are starting soon
and I'm gonna live-tweet the Oscars so
basically when I can renovate the house
we'd like the sofas in here the TVs are
upstairs we don't know what stop so
we're
the TV downstairs a TV ain't got no
stand here we're basically interior
designers or all the stuff that's really
wide that's gonna take think about if
you want to put up slanted it's gonna
come up like here what do you like do
you think your night table humble would
hold it it's not a situation right now I
look like death we're gonna move all the
stops were allergic to something in the
building we're watching the Oscars we're
streaming it but it freezes every 10
seconds Oh BAE
we're heading to veggie grill and then
we're heading to grocery shop and coming
home and doing some work and I need to
get some meds because I'm randomly sick
right now
and I feel like death oh why is this
happening I can't afford to get sick how
so many shoes coming up well bet you go
right now and I got this bomb soup and
the soup is my life right now it's so
good
after the resort I've just had like a
new love for soup what'd you get how'd
you get Hail Caesar sad was a veggie
grill turn up okay first day everybody
pole admins you go with the worst of the
worst yo wassup obviously death I'm
gonna go to bed right now just read a
billion scripts for I love makeup
I'm meeting tomorrow and then I'll call
and then I have the wonderful pleasure
of going to Colleen's show against which
I'm very very happy about
that's right now I'm really sick and I
need to this house is just freezing cold
so I'm gonna knock out thanks for
joining me another day we're gonna be na
and Ellie for 17 days so we'll be
together if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe I'm just sayin y'all
need to get on end
Arjun if you don't know our journeys the
phenomenal singers you should
