shooting day - Lana still makeups bad
also this the guy followed me to set
basically I brought all the people does
that today that's all my legs but we had
pancakes for breakfast
oh my god are you ready for this moment
right now are you ready for this moment
is we called the time the sound guy
returned that should be the name here I
do I need to get a kind it's terrible
did I not was I bought last time
snowball thing really no don't move the
camera so I'm trapped inside a room
right now I was changing my clothes
the room has no doorknob and now I'm
stuck in here and they're trying to open
on the other side that's what's going on
right now on set but I'm wearing a
fabulous dress it's a really fabulous
fabulous I'm not that's what I was just
cuz I'm cold but we're shooting I think
this might be the longest CMR to shoot
based off memorization based off me
doing script memorize some pretty
nervous but there's some cool painting
so that kind of relaxes me ya know
doesn't my hair's getting curled
yo you see me so long we still on the
same scene
I've invested so much hairspray that I
think the hairspray has solidified the
boogers in my nose so now I'm not sick
anymore my nose because I because I have
all the hairspray my body and that's
what's up
still stream that scene hope I'm doing
okay it's like nothing like I've done
before this is jazz get this oh my god
Lily is an idiot the worst Tomi how I
forgot my cap at the apartment the one I
remember that I saw her I lost and then
I got a new one the new one I'm the
worst human being if I got used to try
it's like I got used to not having ever
but it's okay because we can get it
because we call the bag has it it's good
we're getting it back hopefully we're
getting it back but I'm the worst Lenny
of Jess and not that she reminded me but
humble remembered god bless humble it's
good for something
this whole blog I stayed getting my hair
did I stay getting my hair did right now
ready are you camera shy yeah this is
actually she's doing makeup wonderful
and everything you see my nose although
the scene the last seen all them there's
all them everything's all them mom doc
it's seven o'clock there's no way we're
finishing everything we need to finish
today but it's okay why because there's
awkward everything they've gone before
they just go into it what it is I'm
scared
we're looking just wrapped it doesn't
matter it's a drink I'm gonna be here
it's a birthday card love it
coolest court ever thank you big sharks
eating cupcakes
okay wait shut up we just wrapped it's
9:30
pretty much I got my call time tomorrow
7:00 a.m. but I gotta make a video for
tomorrow description
yo this is humbles closet you hold on
hold on hold on
that's a revaluation OTT cold Oh not
small but look look yes two of these so
you can hang someone assume double
hangar triple triple hang situation
before for hang situations for hang
situations moments like this I question
why I do this stuff to myself so I
finish writing my video doesn't midnight
I wanted to be done my video by this
time but I'm just trying to record this
is my tripod and I have my new camera
with me that humble picked up from the
apartment never used it before so I was
like afraid now to figure out how to use
the camera hi at this moment of time do
I have to do this why did I decide to
leave that until right now so I have to
wake up in
five and a half hours and he stopped to
make this video and wash matter what's
tho asawa stop just finished recording
my video my body's so broken I'm gonna
edit it tomorrow on set during my lunch
break I guess I hope it wasn't loud cuz
humble and John's are sleeping and I'm
usually pretty loud in my videos but
it's okay that's what friends are for
now I it's twelve thirty and thirty
minutes behind schedule of the mental
schedule I made so I'm gonna go take a
shower and eyewash my hair shower
the showers nice I felt good so what a
crappy situation since we got here so
late there's no food or anything to
drink of a house and people always tell
me not to drink le tap water so I'm like
dying of thirst right now and the only
options are rock star in the fridge I'm
not gonna have that before I sleep so I
just having nothing to drink not even
water if my mom was here she'd slap me
I'm so thirsty so I'm gonna take one
strategic sip of La tap water I don't
even know I'm totally fine but every
time here my friends always tell me not
to drink it I don't know so thirsty
anyways I'm gonna go to sleep
thank you for joining me another one of
my adventures another day insect world
called time is 7:00 a.m. gotta wake up
at 5:45 so that's
I work about 6:15 I just got thirty
moments Leslie I seem tomorrow if you
liked it subscribe if you like it
subscribe yeah
so we're strategically outside right now
during break because the Sun is here and
we're defrosting in the Sun jazz on her
second cup of coffee it's 8:30
