it's 6:00 in the morning we just got to
set ticket to minute nap of the car
I can't I can't do it I can't good bye
we're inside it's so cold
okay I haven't I haven't explained to
you when I'm trading but don't worry
about it cuz this is but I am but look
who it is oh my god oh god that's it
we're gonna go shoot something you know
anything about it I'll tell you about it
later
Kimmy so we're strategically outside
right now during break because the Sun
is here and would you frosting in the
Sun jazz on her second cup of coffee
it's 8:30
I don't hate okay it's all cold inside
this place but the Sun is coming at us
of testing my bad day we're eating lunch
this is jazz and we're gonna have like
four slices the cake after this cuz
there's cake over there it looks bomb
I'll give you hints as to what we're
shooting slowly and slowly after I ask
permission after receiving permission I
can turn you name my new show it is
called Lana Steele just me I'm making up
spy I'm gonna be a makeup spy and I'm
gonna do some cool stuff I'm so excited
it's gonna be so in like it was shots
look really beautiful a shot in a red
cameras for anything anything like a
technology why I don't read supposed to
be like a really cool and there's like
stunt coordinator do some stunts and it
seems like some fight scenes and action
scenes that I'm soaks and I've never
done anything like this so I'm
officially now Alana Steele
I can see the whole bit oh my god I look
so yeah it's been 12 hours we just
finished wrapping we finished I did a
lot of running a lot of slippin a lot of
shooting and now I'm gonna go and eat
lots of food yo look what is even I
don't even know how was your day
so also you got you ran
I also ran today we're marathon runners
jazzed all locked in the bathroom at the
funeral home with some ghosts yep that's
accurate but hear all about that you can
check out her blog the link will be in
description so check that jazz makes
vlogs of course you've logged in the
back way true we're actually leaving
this apartment tomorrow and going into a
new place and a different part of town
closer to where I'm shooting so we're
gonna pack up all our stuff Hummels
gonna come to set tomorrow we're
starving those won't eat them first
that's what southern what you know about
me shoot 14 hours come home make some
dinner that's what's up Bob snake status
oh I'm so tired is level 45 reading
through tomorrow's scripts there's one
segment that has so much memorization
I'm just like I'll figure it out
tomorrow I'm still stuff eating I'm so
sick but it's okay life must go on I'm
leaving this sneeze I think I sneeze
like five you're not sleeping I hear you
talking my friends are bullies I want to
see boys I think I see yous like 500
times day well I guess I would leaving
this apartment we're going to another
apartment tomorrow another shoot day
hopefully I'm not sick when I wake up I
really like my first day of shooting is
really cool my legs are killing it it's
so much like running and stuff like that
but it's cool it's different and it's
challenging and I just I'm trying my
best to do a good job so that's what's
happening
but I'm gonna go to sleep and put a
whole bunch of Vicks on my nose it but
if you like it spread if you like it
subscribe if you got a nauseous yet from
all the first time we do performance
excited columns should crack why should
we do
