it's 2 p.m. I'm back in Canada there's a
blizzard outside morning morning I slept
in because you know I didn't just spend
the last seven days on vacation it is so
ugly and cold and snowing outside oh
look it's my bed in my room yeah I have
a bajillion things to do today as per
usual I have
I'm flying to LA tomorrow morning and
like way less than 24 hours really
really early in the morning so I have to
do unpacked well my laundry pack for
that um I would get a new vlogging
camera I have to buy a light for my
camera that never before
it's Sandy's Sandy's birthday bowling
party today
and arching from wonders and towns hop
to meet up with him as well and he'll
have a pretty voice so all of these
things are happening right now go team
welcome home yeah only for one day we're
leaving game tomorrow it's a sad moment
the wristbands of my vacation is over
yeah ladies and gentlemen the people
have spoken
I asked I said I'm about to buy a new
vlogging camera fisheye or no fisheye
this was 20 minutes ago and no fish eye
has 554 votes and fisheye has 900 votes
so it looks like I'm reading another
fisheye camera personally I prefer it as
well it's easier to vlog with like right
now you can just see this surrounding my
fish eye you'd be able to see a whole
bunch more stuff what just makes it
easier to show you stuff um I might get
the same dick see I got before I don't
know we'll see I don't know I'll go
there and talk to them the weather is so
bad like if I had more than one day I
would never go outside to you the roads
are so bad but I have no choice so let's
go
what is even happening right now how did
I get here
how did I get here
okay driving is such a mission right now
the roads are so slippery and every time
I turn my car's like oh my god please
don't hit me huh
alright so I just came to staples for a
second because I need to it's a
stupidest reason for me to come to
staples actually I just need a binder
but every time I come into like any
school supply type store and I'm buying
everything because everything looks so
pretty
maybe have cameras here maybe my Vixia
the reason I need a binder is I was has
so much paperwork shake places and all
the binders I have at home were like
this big I'm like I'm trying to carry a
dish so yeah yeah yeah see labels don't
even need labels look how pretty they
are oh my god is this the pen section I
can't I can't my sweater says hug dealer
how me um so I have like what time is it
even let's check
Topher's exactly even like an hour less
than an hour actually like 45 minutes so
I'm gonna get shower get ready so much
to do still I have to unpack all of that
do laundry because always everything
they got sand and it's sand and sea
water and then pack my flights at 8:00
so I gotta leave my house at like 5:30
a.m. it's gonna be a definitely a no
sleep situation but that's okay cuz I'll
sleep on the plane it's cool jazz humble
and I are going tomorrow and then
Sandy's gonna join us later on the trip
that is the plan right now I'm gonna
have dinner with Arjun and then it's
Sandy's bowling birthday that's what's
goin happy right now my teeth aren't
hurt again but not as bad as just like
it has its moments but that's okay
because I'm how could you live do you
want the drugs PS I noticed that my bra
drawer was opening that whole take so if
you really want to you can rewind to
look at my bras but I thought I'd just
mention it because I know someone will
in the comic oh my god Brian
no don't don't don't return oh my Mary
so messy what if I move my booty this
way so in case you can't gauge us how
much noise outside I'm going to show you
my dad his G back she is a plow in front
of it I mean a legitimate plow to plow
our driveway to plow everything else in
life so I'm gonna show you at the window
what this looks like to all of you
who've never experienced know why that
young ' Celica meeting all that I told
myself I was in eat junk food but look
up lo behold I'm reading all of the junk
food and my London friends are here this
is um he's so hot and handsome I'm just
saying y'all need to get on and Arjun if
you don't know our journeys the
phenomenal thing is that you should you
should know Arjuna's run if you know I
mean this is him up enough information
in the description he's a really
talented singer he just do a show at a
forum oh yeah which one would Toronto
he's maybe Toronto right performances in
Toronto for whoa
and the first time they start Smith's
know we're having dinner I put his link
description check out his music he's
good-looking he has a decent personality
but more so good-looking and easily
challenges check it out em yeah
Tom Marino combo no I'll put that in the
description as well he does cool stuff
he's like waiting for me to stop
recording traffic it gets shy I'll
secretly record him later Stan designs
birthday we're bowling and Sandy's turn
we're gonna see what's up
I suck at bowling by the way I'm really
bad at it let's see what's up here
some returned my nose this is so cool I
got three gutter balls I have a points
right now and last place I'll keep you
posted
BAM
boyfriend Anita mix cake since you made
sand you this with a cool thing the
default is that I made a shirt and I
blow it down all the new pop artists
since Lanie can I put on my waiting time
and she recreated it you are kids and
you know she makes awesome cakes can I
point out there though just a fumble the
bullets on there oh snap my name is
humble the poet
that's my sweat it was on the game
he just goes with the cake Oh
amazing amazing how do you feel being on
the cake among the group I think you
spelled wrong I think I I
I'm also 2030
it's almost 1:00 a.m. I took a shower
wash my hair my makeup is everywhere and
I'm a raccoon I have to unpack so I can
do my laundry and pack your sand
everywhere there's sand in all of my
belongings and I was so tired and I just
I've done so many things today already
and I feel like I can't like I don't
want to unpack and do my laundry about
my got laundry dog a Torah I should
probably get rid of my mustache too too
much information okay okay it's 4:00
a.m. I'm done packing
kind of sort of pretty much I'm gonna
get an hour of sleep and then i'ma head
to the airport
am i ending this vlog now yeah I guess
not in this vlog now we're going to
Elwood I can't speak English I'm so
tired we're going to LA we're going to
LA I love that you're with me travelling
around the world if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
