I am putting in work morning little vlog
yesterday I just needed one day to
recover from the shoot
I just couldn't all my body was broken
my voice sound like a man why because
it's early and by early I mean 12:15 but
I also went to bed like six so the
reason operas because today is last time
here tomorrow morning I'm going to
Cancun and I have six billion things to
do so first and foremost meeting oceany
are going to go get our mannie's and
Peddie's mandatory before vacant you
know this
that's a real awkward because obviously
my legs aren't shame because that boys
just you got to learn something real
quick basically girls have to grow their
legs to waxing was waxing last longer
than shaving girls can you let them know
let them know comment below let them
know so I've been saving them but I
usually got my pedicure done first so
this girl's gonna roll up my jeans and
see my hairy legs and be so awkward but
I wouldn't listen
right after you I'm gonna lick them
whack so don't judge me it's something
like a whole thing but anyways that's
what we're doing right now
I was are tired but today we gotta tough
it out tomorrow's vacation so one more
day I'm like like just absolutely
slaving myself one more day of slaving
myself explain to them my life situation
so I'm like the going back yes with
information brighten lobbies right
because like it has to be like that it
has to be like this brightness yeah yeah
get out of this motor essence snore oh
all right so it's 405 by 55 minutes to
get home or prepare for a still phone
line I got three the bikini tops
I'd say decision be so expensive I want
a little two pieces of cloth making
three of them 225 lat wait
it's this much claw-like 1l expensive
so today's rush rush rush it's so cold
today which I'm kind of happy about
because they'll feel even better going
to get in Kundu well although like I
hope it's hard because not the hardest
time of year they're my mom's gone to
Cuba and she said I was about a little
bit cold and windy so I'm gonna be
expressed if it's not hot but hoping for
the best okay
that's the world live that's the rush
hope I haven't eaten yet but like we'll
figure it out
alright so made it home that's the room
alive isn't 22 minutes my life is so
fancy hmm so I'm here with my Valentine
and I wanted you all to say hi it's you
you are my Valentine
look it's you ask super when life is
going down I have so much energy I'm so
excited all being wonderful there's over
fifty one that fifty one thousand
fifteen hundred people watching and
we're having a great time you're my very
time and I made them popcorn
I made them popcorn first I've made
Gotham a teddy bear I threw it over
there because let's be real I know
what's in the combo I suppose I've just
finished I need to go get waxed in my
face it wax my legs um I need to
download the new Drake at some point too
because a Drake dropped an album last
night and you're up under six and I need
to download that but first I need to go
oh my god I hope they're open I just oh
I need one more day is what I need I
always need one more day I lost ten
pounds it's knowing I'm so happy I'm
leaving
alright so it's eight hour Mall time oh
my god I'm even colder now that I lost a
layer of fur oh my god is the Sun at
Cinnabon this shouldn't be a lottery
resist this temptation today just a bit
of chaos like I need more time I really
need more time I couldn't find anything
in store I bought stuff I don't like I
need to go to Walmart and in the small Y
mouths closed now so now I need to go to
another Walmart let's open a little bit
later stores need to be open later my
phone is dead I can't check what time
the Walmart opened everything is chaos
Reina I need more time in the day like I
really do and why what the hell I I'm
home I'm starving I need to eat before I
do anything else
oh man the night is still young it's
only ten of a bajillion things to do but
first we shall make a rice bowl yeah I
just washed a bajillion dishes Oh didn't
ruin my nails little so we're happy
about that
well I close why I'm already so tired
Jesus I've so much zu first thing I
should do is take shower because it's
cold
mmm thank I do my laundry yesterday and
clean yesterday although one of my loads
of laundry still in laundry Jetpack
first I make videos can you help me can
you can you come over you'll come over
can you go over and help me
I'm just so okay no no no no no I never
have any more rock stars top top okay no
taking a shower washing hair waking up
alright eating some skittles if
necessary packing video making
listen see what I have to do I know I'm
just talking out loud right now as if
you're here but this is you my friend so
I have to make videos after pack up your
shower so anything I was like oh yeah I
have to do that thing that work-related
thing but that might be all that's what
that bad
it's not like 10:30 right I don't know
my phone but it's like 10:30 round do we
yeah we'll do it
you will do it we'll do it so I fell
asleep 45 minutes
this is my tentative schedule right now
it's 1:00 a.m. it's 1:00
one two three
I'll pack but it's gonna be less than
two hours so I'm overestimating that I'm
3:00 to 4:30 I'm gonna shoot a video for
Monday
I'm 436 I'm gonna shoot the next video
from 6:00 to 7:00 I gotta clean the
house 7:30 I gotta leave
that's the plan please no I have every
intention of recording these two videos
and I really hope I do it I really hope
I do it 4:15 a.m. I'm a little bit
behind schedule abreast okay because I
am so bloody proud of myself right now I
make video in advance first time in
blood in my life I do like this okay
anyways so I just made my first video
I'm gonna about to edit it right now I
realistic we don't know if I'll be able
to make a second one because I need to
finish packing and we flee Airport got
physically don't have enough time but
hopefully the cleanup anthem will be
done by Thursday so that I can be sad on
Thursday so I'm hoping that's what's up
hopefully Monday's video is my parents
reacting to something I'm not gonna tell
you what but stay tuned to the left all
right so it's 5:30 a.m. I'm gonna leave
in about two hours
all right clean the house a little bit
put final touches on packing I really
wanted to vlog up and to the point where
I got to the airport with nothin a
notion even let's start the trip off but
I nice try uploading footage it's
choking moans but I really need start
uploading the footage now so I'm gonna
end the vlog here but tomorrow's vlog
will start with me at the airport I
guess and then going to Cancun and
landing in Cancun so it'll be a matter
for vlog tomorrow thank you for joining
me at another date I hope you had a
wonderful day I hope you're smiling he
sees for you happy Valentine's Day
Valentine I love you so much it's
alright if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe if you like as a god
