so much of the tired in my eyes so it is
time is it's good it's one I woke up
like 30 40 minutes ago I went but I like
eight ish my eyes are burning I feel
throwing up I'm so tired right now my
eyes are puffy I need to check if I have
some of those eyepatch things jazz is on
her way she's in beer in a couple
minutes
the shooter is gonna be here in like 30
minutes everything is happening are they
all ready or not here we go with shoot
day team super 8 shoot day clean up
anthem here's hoping everything goes to
plan there's so many shots I need to
happen in such little time but we're
gonna do it together here we go leg out
but first hope you know these random
dudes broke into my house again say
what's up yeah uh-oh
so first I'll put their YouTube
description and the body we take cool
pictures and we try to make cool video
something like what she does do we try
if you want to learn how to like take a
really cool pictures if you wanna always
like Lily watch the video watch their
videos a link will be in description
then you remember I'm in energy they're
here so your links will also be in the
description they're shooting my video
today cleanup anthem or but you do the
first scene I'm not wearing any makeup I
look fugly I'm gonna go turn into bottom
Dave it's all like so exciting so
exciting hello Lucas who is here my
brother my older brother died my younger
brother okay so how mothers in the room
yet okay
he's go to the room right now welcome to
my room dawg holy yeah right whoa yay
you guys put in some work I know really
really why's you use this room cuz no
windows right yeah well that's a fake
window yeah what meaningful oh yeah yeah
yet coming you're somewhere you're on a
few places here good job
yes right there's a few pictures of you
you find them and you leave yourself up
yeah look saying why wouldn't I yeah
here's my more posters
these are all your clothes no I bought
all them this is
I know right you job haven't done I'd
I'm going to this is it
I never took hopefully you can do it
nobody does he do that either the two
years alright so we're done with bottom
sheets and we're done when G the now
it's time for me to turn to super and
I'm attempting to look a little bit
harder fug leanness I usually look like
so I have brought in flawless artistry
this is my cousin Sharon she's a
phenomenal makeup artist and she's gonna
make me look fabulous you won't see how
she does like all this fancy stuff look
at this card action go mr. duck Shindo
so fancy damn over flawless artistry
done made we are look so damn bright now
go how Purdy has looked with the
artistry of other flawless oh I thank
you oh my god honest girl is my cousin
not only she amazing eye makeup which is
actually really nice I've no salmon
haven't done so long like buttons I mean
it's good blog on the blog blogging each
other meeting I'll make another vlog on
a phone I have my own
yes
our hair all these years raising it up
and she goes on the water depth I like
it you know I don't want to Humble the
dress pretending to do something yelling
at people
Esther dancing my feet hurt so badly
you're bold so I'm like tired to the
point where I want to throw up anyways
this is who made the song Oh cake music
brough was gone he made the track he's a
talented dude well as you look very
handsome my god that's that's really I
don't notice an insult or not oh you
mean his information in the description
makes you check out music it's a mad ill
bro right there right there I work with
you - yo you know what you know what I
think the question everyone's mind
though is are you actually gonna clean
out your room am I gonna clean up the
room actually pretty unlikely really
unless I'm doing it to this song and the
dancers are wrapped
give it up the dancers everyone yeah hey
yeah completely wrapped right now I'm
talking about I'm so exhausted
yo kill as soon as I've only V I'm not
even my house a disaster I'm not even
attempt to clean it I need a hot shower
and my feet kill go to sleep I'm asleep
like a baby I'm likely do this tomorrow
because I can't even I can't even right
now what is my life about damn I worked
hard today what time is it
it's 5:30 for humble and jazz just left
I'm so exhausted I'm I keep saying it
today was a really really hard shoot um
the room we're shooting who's got really
hot with all the lights and I kept
dancing and there was just hours and
hours and hours of constant movement and
dancing and at one point I really got
nauseous I like throwing up I did not
feel good by soldered through it I am
the cleanup and music videos done I
honestly hope you like it cuz my literal
blood sweat and tears went into it
literally people got cut while moving
light that's blood
sweating tears because I felt like
crying at one point but like I need to
stress that every single person that was
part of video I am so extremely grateful
people sitting to like 2 3 4 a.m. to
help me out just to help me out
I mean harjeet them like I was so
impressed with majestic events and how
majestic events I think they called
majestic video events
what are even words I'm sorry hard
Gina's crew a Banga they all work so
hard
freaking huge chasm sandy for styling me
sharing from makeup humble for helping
directly just all my dancer friends jazz
everyone friggin held it down and so
extremely grateful please show them all
some love all their information will be
in the description um yeah so I really
like it I despite have hired him I'm
watching a hot shower because I've
learned that helps cool I've definitely
pulled something in my leg while dancing
so it's going to go 10 to my body a
little bit then I'm going to sleep
tomorrow I went to a rappers game with
jazz and Tia
and I'm excited about that so my host
the disaster thank God my parents went
on vacation this morning in the house is
all to myself which is how I've been
blasting music till 5 but it is a
disaster I need to clean it tomorrow as
well so that's what's happening tomorrow
I've been talking for two minutes I'm
sorry I'm gonna go take a shower go to
sleep now thanks so much for joining me
I hope your studies I am for the cleanup
and um
hmm don't mall and this car almost hits
us all rocking and jazz pause me in
front of her I was pushing you out of
the way okay so this is how she push
mold away by catching fish we all know
it
this one well how am I going to help you
in that situation jazz explain to me I
don't know I don't know I prefer
chocolate
oh so here's hoping that jazz is strong
because I know I'm strong are you so
hungry strong I feel sorry all right
like this room will get turned into a
bedroom may completely cover the
