day three so they're setting up some
cool like pirate stuff so things in the
show I try to catch that Sheena left
last night so happy I didn't get to put
the footage um in yesterday's vlog her
surprising but I will put it in one of
these balls say so much shit about you
yeah I'm a good wingman made my way here
and I'm here now he's like looking for
me though
Sheena left but it was so awesome that
she came no no we're good thank you
he thinks I'm trying to get photo and he
offered how killed oh yeah
so she left she made on her flight
safely it was great no no she today's
are nothing day when a jungle no my
contribution to okay so no she's not
they're making fun because I don't if
you guys I'm so directionally challenged
I don't know my way around anywhere
especially when I'm with people because
I rely on people so now I'm I'm in
charge of finding the way back to the
hotel it's day three I still divided it
wait
did we ever go look up did not ever
forget he ever walk there
stay tuned so this drink is called a
Superman it looked way cooler it was
like red white and blue and now it's all
mixed up superwoman so better
yes then
heads on shoulders shoulders okay bye
hello friend hello pelican friend so an
ocean II I have this problem where we're
just always hungry and then big not
nominee barely eats I'll have like three
flowers you probably and then debate on
the face all right
like by barely eating I have a plate
full of food and then we have for three
full plate and then I don't know yeah I
don't eat we ate here as well amania
Alban I'm seeing y'all man lost a degree
let's see if we survive day three though
what did you die but did you know did
you write this whole blog is gonna be
come nice and compilation nice towards
the confirmation of matrix is yes and no
red grass no but don't like EDM you have
been a friend of mine right I can go
like a solid education Oh
I'm in love oh it's just like everyone
everyone's crazy okay so the Bob Marley
Oh what up everybody around the world
this lady's sexless exit you get closer
and watch I'm okay with that
okay I am saying
I said that yeah just to see so right up
cuz all this emotion is jokes and if he
feels anything he just says it right
away no Phil does it turn great and
that's why my traveling is meeting
people from everywhere they're so
different and it's just it's so nice
have an open mind when you meet people
who ever been brought up the way you've
been brought up or raise the way even
raised it's like it's cool I'm on your
target ten
I'm sorry if I hold logs like dancing
and music by the way but that's like all
that's happened today so I'm not what
you see you know I watch out I know you
know I once shot once fine okay let's
talk about how we had the same
restaurant every single day and and I
promised ourself we working at the same
place today and everywhere is a
30-minute wait so we're back at the same
restaurant what is wrong with us
so trying to eat here right now what is
the place though what's the cuisine
you're at the first R at the same
restaurant right the marketplace again
like every day we need to go some house
to us
we will but it's good it's Asian food
it's an Emmy I like it portable speakers
on the beach it so happy we are not
people
I want to say that guy from the weekend
I should have to marry him I said I'm a
marry the guy again so would it be the
sleeper worry what happened to us so we
just swam in the ocean that's like
midnight or 1 a.m. it was the best thing
I've honestly like the water was warmer
that's why I make up swimming but like
we saw it look so bad we swam in the
ocean it was the best thing ever and we
were there forever best and we got like
closer and we got way closer a lot we're
like we're like the same person we never
use the term best friends cuz we're like
scare the title but I feel like she's
like one of my best friends this is a
moment and we saw we're gonna do this
every night we're gonna go swim in the
ocean at midnight every night you
actually come it's so much fun it's so
warm too if you go on vacation you she
didn't see things I'll be safe just
because I was gonna say be with the
right people
yeah I should be said don't be stupid so
when this on every night in the ocean
love each other we love you sorry jazz
add this before the vlog ends cuz funny
so I know who we think we are
we ordered room service enough for like
a billion people there's just my
emotionally romantic dinner yeah it's
just my notion issue order intelligent
fashion she ordered two spaghetti 's oh
yes your honor
Yuki what else you order
two quesadillas - spaghetti wine
cheesecake it's got no food for 20
people and I guess we're eating this as
so and this is so unnecessary
this is so unnecessary we could easily
go to sleep I said wishing it was so
sleepy you take a shower there was so
much seaweed in my hair it was so rose
and the place is sad goes you know I
don't get it I just don't get it we go
to sleep now and then tomorrow I went to
Mandela Beach and I'm gonna party some
more and yeah my voice is gone but
that's okay because vacay Cancun 2015
Spring Break forever um Oh beta good day
that's joining me or nothing
sending lots of hugs and kisses and
positive vibes mm you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe it has a water slide there's a
water slide on the boat like I don't
have to go into the ocean I think you
should
