day two Cancun
whatever line okay so a few things right
off the bat absolutel you yesterday was
a first stay in Cancun and I gave an
ocean my blogging cameras but her purse
and she left her purse at the beach so
after vlogging for the whole for a Sam
Cancun and making an amazing blog I've
lost my vlogging camera and all the
footage I'm very very sad about you to
say so ever no notice at all last night
but then I woke up this morning I was it
honestly materialistic things I've lost
me before not to my trip I was more sad
about the footage because our first day
was really cool so I'm gonna try my best
to reenact the first day for you but I'm
gonna be blogging my phone now so no
fish I was gonna be this I hope that's
cool with you I'm not gonna fun talk
this material sickens are not important
memories are important so we're still
gonna blog together it's fine look we're
in a beautiful place it's awesome so
that's situation um
I hope the sound everything's okay I'll
receive my phone's not the most ideal
thing to log on but all that's okay with
you guys comment below and let me know
but we're gonna reenact the first day at
some point of what happened yesterday
all right
casual so I tell you what the plan for
today is we are going on a boat party
from 4:00 to 8:00 those good wild crazy
party so we're a little bit nervous a
little bit nervous but we'll figure it
out that's happened before day and then
after that work to some of us a place
left in your frogs where there's a glow
party something paint and like you came
to each other it's really cool that's
fun
I'm excited it's not her fault but it
happened I'm sorry no but I know she
felt really bad but you can tell she
doesn't feel bad because it's not her
fault the entire purpose is fine we're
all safe we're all cool time let's clear
our hashtags for this trip okay anyway
we explained through first and he'll see
the reebok but guess who surprised us in
Cancun so basically will reenact it was
she not wasn't supposed to come and she
surprised us with nominees and just
walked in she's like talking so yeah oh
we were talking so much crap we're
talking so much crap of
maybe ladies your footage and them okay
so the hashtags are number one there's
head on shoulders there's nothing he's
like we're gonna have a really good time
and we're off and racing game just
whenever head on our shoulders yeah my
response was what if our shoulders are
on the floor low we'll be on our show
after people party with me they get
pissed but did you die so in yesterday's
vlog I showed you the mentor and the
look really really cool is like this
nighttime setting so hopefully they'll
do it again but it has like this jungle
type vibe and was all glowing in the
dark last night so hopefully I do it
again
we are headed to our boat partay doing
really fun hopefully it's let's be crazy
the pamphlet is like made for a party
honestly why the pamphlets like made for
people I went to partying we're just
like everyone's also really young here
cuz they're celebrating spring break and
we're just like yeah spring break second
year Union were sold
forget coolers right
it was stressful
seeing the Canadian nationalism
now in French
we've seen the Canadian national anthem
very bad
now French
to
okay on the boat looks so cool it looks
so cool it has a waterslide
there's a waterslide alright
yeah so we made that for the boat party
it was so cold oh my god I got so cold
real fast
and so now we're into a glow party and
it's gonna be like paint and all this
cool stuff so that's what we're doing
right now and hopefully my phone doesn't
got mush up and get paint on it without
huge feeling and exactly what's gonna
happen but uh yeah that's the plans yo
glow party let go
so the party's done and now we ate food
and now she Nast actually leave it'll be
three of us
I miss you know should I also plays we
made an acolyte go what did you guy what
is your back what is my hair actually
doing right now so the party's done
there's paint all over me I actually
don't know how I'm gonna end this vlog
or send this vlog to jazz because the
Wi-Fi in our room doesn't work but like
this has Wi-Fi here but I can't sleep
here in the poppy so I actually don't
know how I'm getting these vlogs done
for the rest of the week
I'm really disappointing resorts Wi-Fi
connection it works in like two places
at home Resort so I don't know what
figuring up but thank you for joining me
today
hope you're happy go pee on see you're
smelling if you liked it subscribe if
you're like that's good if you like
Berlin I got three the bikini tops
honestly this makes me so expensive I
want a little two pieces of cloth making
three of them 225 lat what
