these boobies in my eye please I love
the comfort level between us like I
literally just got out of bed doesn't
wash my face and brush my teeth but I'm
vlogging it's comfort levels because you
guys are so annoying judgmental and I
appreciate that so I can look ugly and
ready and I just oh god it's too but
actually one hour ago and I was doing
work in bed I make my awesome mom you
and then I have to call mom Sarah I will
talk about some business things and then
I have to call my lawyer we talked about
many things and you know it's pretty
okay I don't have a few things to do
let's do it
can I even explain to you how much I
love my youtube bus it just makes me so
happy I spilled water all over me so I
got summoned for jury duty and if you're
not a Canadian you might not know that
means basically means like a peeler
corer be part of the jury panel to
decide someone's crime being guilty or
not guilty
it's a Canadian thing but they're really
strict about it so i got summoned but
I'm in LA at that time so I have to call
no and tell them I can't come so
hopefully they don't kick me out of
Canada don't kick me out of Canada
please he's time to put on that like
phone voice like yeah hi how are you
boys
so get this piece of BS okay the
Superior Court of Justice their
voicemail is full so I can't even leave
him
sorry there will be no justice today
anyone will be no justice because the
voicemail of the Superior Court of
Justice is full stop everything everyone
Rob everyone anything goes today because
the voicemail is what what what this is
how the purge starts I am officially
saying that the purge is starting now
this will be call the time the purge
started I'll think I named one of my
vlogs that already hmm the time there
was no justice okay so I just press zero
and talk to random until
to do it's not gonna fax a bunch of
stuff be like y'all being like your car
maybe you know I'm not hearing something
like yo and then they can look at me be
like yo guy why aren't you coming I'm
like god I tried you know SEP so some
exciting things are happening and I
can't tell you anything about them I
have to go run some errands and I can't
tell you what the errands are I it's
paining me and tomorrow I'm gonna spend
all day do something and I can't tell
you what that thing is don't keep me a
secret from you doggone keep a secret so
I'm sorry but but it's cuz I want to
surprise you just know that I want to
surprise you but I still love you and
it's baby it's not you with me okay I
just I'm trying to surprise you so some
things there may be some gaps in my day
where I might be like hey anyways just
letting you know I'm at the bank it's
all very exciting
we're at Walmart and it's also exciting
in forever 21 it's also exciting this
was not part of the plan
I suppose we get stuff for my camera and
my mom suggested you're 21 and now look
what's happening
this is your poet that's mad cute so I'm
about to buy that to him I ain't got no
space for these clothes right now why do
this to me she's she's mom's also going
on vacation a few days before me is so
we're like maybe this is the important
occasion right now I'm just be ready cuz
I'm just so stupid right now alright so
I did all the interns had to do except
for the main one which is the tripod in
light the door and the small has the
light I need and the battery as well so
I haven't got some else tomorrow that's
the planet the broken I'm trying to have
at home will do for today it's fine so I
will do that tomorrow but this happened
so it's okay so today's Bowl is very
cool with my sauce I put cauliflower
broccoli spinach red peppers green
peppers black beans chili tofu like a
spicy tofu and egg and lettuce oh I
didn't put yogurt I'm gonna die spices
okay we'll figure it out
so we're just got the phone mom I just
had a bunch of conference calls that's a
whole bunch of really exciting things in
an ideal world I could share them all
with you but I can't and I read a
comment on my last vlog which I kiss if
you see this right here it's this focus
on what is it your attention that's
there because as a human sometimes I
really want to reply to all the comments
but I know that I shouldn't do that I
should reply to all the positive
comments of anything but human nature
like when I see negative comments and
times like I'm a human what can I say so
this comment said and I'm not at all mad
at the person I am genuinely not and I
replied thinking okay like I don't need
to defend myself I love myself enough to
know that I believe that I'm a good
person
but I was like I really wish this person
would see things through a different way
so the comment was basically and I ever
applied to it so you can see that my
last vlog one person was basically
saying you know I'm bored of you saying
can't tell us that you're talking about
and everything is so like business
oriented and you like
trying to assault your merch and then
everything you just so business see and
then you care about money and your set
you want to sell your song on iTunes and
why you selling why can't you free yeah
my reply visit explaining and I'll sit
here as well because this was launched
as a buzz but getting in my brain and
this got to my brain and so I'm gonna
share it to you is that so often
youtubers and I'm not the only one
because obviously I discusses with my
youtube friends we get a taxes wrong
word but we get judged and label the
sellouts because we do things that
results in money and when I basically
replied hopefully nor defense will be I
tried to be play was basically saying
you just like anyone else this is our
job
and I'm fortunate enough to have a job I
absolutely love like I have an amazing
job I get to make videos online I get to
me all be wonderful you a to travel I
have a phenomenal job no one's
questioning that but it's still a job
and so it has to help me survive and I
think it gets confusing sometimes when
someone's job has to do with emotions
and positivity and entertainment it
becomes blurred to everyone else where
it's like oh you're supposed to be it
like a role model and you're supposed to
be inspiring people and you're
specifically making people feel better
about now you're all about money and I
think that gets confusing for people but
for us we understand that just because
I'm so lucky that I can inspire people
through my job and motivate people hook
my job and make them feel positive for
my job
it is also still my job just because I
love to do it and it's great it doesn't
make it not my job and so I just want to
not even explain because of something I
understand and you know whether I'm
doing bad or good people are gonna judge
me and I understand that and I'm gonna
end this in two seconds I promise does
that I try to do as many things as I can
you know I I made a snapchat story today
that was very inspirational just because
I wanted to be that pick-me-up for
people if they're having a bad day you
know I do have several free songs on
YouTube I try to do things where I can I
tried to freedom and so I can but
sometimes yes I have to get paid because
I'm a human being I have to eat food I
have to buy things have bills to pay and
so just the next time you guys want to
judge someone like that if you do just
remember that is that everyone's the
same thing it's not like you go into
work tomorrow being like hey you know
what today I'll just work for free it's
okay just cuz I want to be a good person
the reality is that people can't pay
bills with hugs and I need to make money
sometimes
so if ever you felt that I'm shoving my
merged on youth or anything I apologize
that's not what I'm trying to do it's
more so just me trying to survive and
actually I'm gonna take that apology
back because I believe you should only
say sorry when you genuinely feel you've
done something wrong
and I don't think I have I'm gonna shut
up now because those three minutes log
of me talking oh my god shut up Louie
Shep Shep it is 8:30 p.m. and I still
have not made my super Thursday video
I'm gonna work on that right now
right right right right right right now
ain't dang that's what's gonna happen
yeah yeah yeah give it an s' name dance
dance hold wait let me do a better one
convinced new dance name that is I told
you what's going on what's going on here
what does I know it it's been shooting
my video I'm wearing my unicorn so it's
magic it's like a crop top eating dog
that's why I haven't worn another what
candy baby baby baby but yeah I really
like it it's really cute so hopefully
one day huh maybe they weren't
high-waisted something with you know
I'll poach buddy there but you know but
maybe mango wears on um and what edit
now and that's what's up someone just
called my house so late for me it was
someone for me but they only had my
house number and it's like so late here
my daddy hello my video is up it is
called Valentine's Day gift guide if you
want to watch this on my main channel
the link is right there in the
description my videos my main channel
every Monday and Thursday in case you
didn't know yeah you know it is 2:00
a.m. I think I've been a good amount of
work that I had to do my teeth have been
a little bit better today they're still
constantly hurting but it's like hurting
a little bit lesser that's just today
though yesterday it was really hurting
so I don't want to make any drastic
statement saying that is better but yeah
right now it's like hurting but like
bearable um I'm gonna go to bed because
I actually have to wake up at 7:15 to go
somewhere tomorrow and that's one of the
places I can't tell you about it has to
do something with me traveling so things
for that but it's not anything like the
place I'm going is not exciting at all
so you're not missing anything
yes that's a lot I think I will wash my
face and go to sleep now I hope you have
a phenomenal day night morning evening
wherever you are sending you lots of
love and positive vibes if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe if
you like
