Wow look who looks semi-decent this
morning good morning morning morning
morning I woke up on time ha Jesus
actually running a little bit late which
gave me a little bit more time to sleep
in a shower
fix my face a little bit now I'm waiting
from to come to our meeting so Hadji is
actually gonna shoot my clean your room
anthem which I'll tell you more about in
a little bit so how am i do baiting
should I eat my oatmeal nah wait from to
come cuz I'm gonna start eating that Oh
millions probably too calm I'm like bro
I mean my oatmeal you're just way
although I'm really freaking hungry I
like it's so hard it's gonna be a great
day I'm gonna throw that away let's do
that now what's up what's up what's up
man they just broke into my okay so
higher it is so shootin my queen your
room Anthes gonna be dope
amazing and then topping as well it's
not a phenomenon exactly I for sure
isn't it so exciting I think it's very
good it's good right yes is where to
shoot at yeah we're shooting it on the
10th it seemed exciting in a much every
place and these guys in February I don't
know when but I do know hey my voice is
gone I had a pretty fast so really quick
turn turn up so they came and left in
like two seconds I feel so bad because
like they drove all this way they just
came to like see where we're gonna shoot
we talked about it when they left the
dedication um follow Hadji Hadji call
right when I struggle says they were too
hard Jeep harjeet our Jeep I'll give you
his links oh you'll see a lot of him
over the next couple days but he's great
guy he shouldn't severe for me and he's
just all doing it because we're excited
you know that's like we're all motivated
by creativity and excitement I
appreciate that
so I have good feelings about it I'm
excited for you guys to see it it won't
be like what usual videos like I said to
be a little different but hopefully so
like it maybe I'll give you a sneak peek
of the song today maybe maybe ok no meal
time yeah until my next meeting which is
yes I have an hour and a half whoa
spinach salt pepper mom beat it léa
léa lady that made it made it made it
it put in one hand like an OG dough some
quality content right here all right
Suzanne that's right
oh my a but it serve the same
thing is yesterday I what it comes to
food it was bad I should try to work on
this I don't like change
I'm scared scared of like making food
not like he's like I need a lot of the
same things a lot of the time which is
strange because I like new things and
adventures I mean articles are trying
new things but I'm very big on routines
yeah it's weird
also look at this cool freakin hipster
YouTube glass it's like one of those
jars glasses mason jars a handle so
friggin cool I'm all about the cool
glasses a mint poop I just I'm working
with some peeps on the clean my room
song I show you a little sneak hanging a
little bit but uh you said really hear
loud so I'm finally gonna set up my
beats pill that's been in so many mine
everything's falling but in so many my
videos we said I haven't used it yet
once but um I'm gonna use it right now
it's always in the back of my videos
like I have nowhere else to put it but
we're gonna open it today set it up and
then I stabbed myself everything's going
wrong cuz I'm holding the vlogging
camera
I miss my bellybutton ring by Jen Ozzy
Ozzy Ozzy so you know what I like
shopping so much I've discovered it's
because I love opening new things like
opening new products it's like the best
feeling to me it's like got a problem
you gotta give it
companies like beets or like Apple like
those kind of when they're packaging so
cool it's like how can you blame me like
look what's in here what even is this
are you going to bed right here sorry
throwing you around yeah what even is
this right now
well it's stickers you know I feel about
some stickers rough I love me some
stickers what is this was this
instruction manual
hey I love stickers so I like to do
stickers on my laptop and stuff together
instruction manuals fine about this year
lancelin what we got here what are you
what I got ya
how could you not be mad hard open these
days go bro is that just new things that
I think everything is way too hard to
open
whoo what's this a plug singer oh yeah
power that make sense
hey what are you do more power stuff
there's a lot of power but what is this
oh it's an example they give you an
exhilarating that that's just that's
that oh that's friendly that's very
friendly of you because usually they're
one sudden is what assault is wife like
50 bucks that boo but they give you the
Exuma I appreciate you let's get this
ish set up a bump do song
so much bass my vision board tell those
speakers changing my life and they
listen to music Red Hots excited so I'm
gonna show you a little sneak peek very
few seconds of the song um okay
so I'm gonna tell you this right now I
was looking to tell you when we tell you
basically full salad I didn't write the
song I just record the song I didn't
make the song and are you gonna confused
let me explain
not my vlogs and these vlogs like
freestyle I'm like the director
basically a fan / friend of mine / EDM
artist producer sick guy he made a song
based off my one of my just freestyles
he took my vocals and he made a song and
I fell in love with it I was like dude
I'm gonna make a music here to this
you're gonna be in it and this was gonna
happen because sounds so good so you
know I have a clean up son clean a clean
up and so this will be my 2015 clean up
anthem that you will clean your rooms -
okay I'm gonna show you very small very
small
he's the EDM artists producers name is
sick kick and basically I'm sure only
little bit only a little bit but it's
like a reggae gram eating rough olan
olan olan
you know I love where we shoot this
February 10th
Oh put this on iTunes is gonna be a
music video we gonna feed our rooms in a
new way
2015 so since last time I vlog I've had
a conference call but a billion calls
and I'm hungry my teeth are hurting
that's nothing new I'm always hungry and
my teeth are always hurting I also just
went pee and it's probably good you know
when you have to pee really badly and
European feels amazing
does it happen um it's 10:00 randomly
somehow how did this happen how did this
happen I don't know and I don't remember
anything I have to do today
oh damn did I have work to do
dammit what am i do I'm sir I'm such a
state of confusion right now yeah so I
made myself a different type of ball
today I made myself there's no rice it
is beans the black beans chickpeas
chilli paneer tofu green peppers red
peppers mushrooms onions and yogurt and
lettuce Oh makes it was a protein bowl
that I've made here hopefully it's not
horrible I totally made this way too
spicy
don't you like change my clothes movies
I'm sweating and pans your spices
moodily sweating sip see if we see it
what a day what a day
um I have work to do but I don't feel
like doing it so I'm not gonna do it I
did some stuff but then I'm just leave
Hajji a short list and I didn't do that
but I'm gonna do tomorrow because my
teeth are hurting um tomorrow's video
day and the rapper's lastly I missed the
last two games of the rappers just
talking to you guys as if you're here in
person you know and we're having
conversations because I need a friend
and you're my friend so that's what's up
I yam boo boom me and you could get your
nipple yeah yeah I'm a punching him just
so you can see what happens
come on click yeah baby talk dirty to me
that's right again I'm clearly losing my
mind so I'm going to go I'm gonna make
me some hot chocolate and then what am I
gonna do before I even finish my
sentence what am I gonna do right now
come on Bo come below let's see how well
you know me that's right I'm gonna watch
Game of Thrones and then I'm gonna go to
sleep and yeah
Lancel undulating raining so I hope you
had a great day thanks for joining me on
another day of my life and I'm sorry if
it was boring or if it wasn't very
exciting and stuff but yeah if you liked
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
and if you haven't checked out my Europe
vlog it's out now so go check it out on
this channel so just click and I'll put
a link in it right there link to the
your blog there you go if I subscribe
yeah yeah how many did you bring me I
only brought you sex sex he hates when I
drink it but he also understands now
that I'd
