good morning there is so much snow
outside I'll show you momentarily I just
woke up it is to something look at dad
it's okay I've called right now some a
jump on a call a Skype calls mom and
someone else and then after that we'll
speak in the meantime I made my oatmeal
see I get into these routines and I
can't get out of it not sure that I
can't live without you oh just addictive
personality I'm Carolyn tied in your bra
okay so we're having a Skype call answer
is showing my wisdom tooth extraction
during the meeting I just want everyone
to do this this is what she does read
this is just naps
alright sorry you're making less money
today
she's give my ID Hall terrified
narration from me finding so much joy
typing all right
that's nothing berries all right thank
you for that let's tell me get to a
meeting
I've got the bare necessities the simple
bare necessity
I'll go means crazy for all you that
don't know but Morgan even jogger the
jogger
you didn't joke it strawberry yogurt
yogurt eat the berry yogurt okay joke it
you know so I'm eating my go be a roti
Indian food and I figured this might as
well what can I do to grab I might as
well watch Game of Thrones missing this
intro though
world's smallest violin
no finger workout to this music no
freakin bond money shall record day yeah
so we're experiencing a blizzard this is
my outside there's so much the outside
just cheapest no man I would see I like
playing scallops no Scrolls 5fx
I like clean snow but it's cold you know
if it wasn't cold I'd be so much more
willing to make a snow mode is a lot of
snow outside I can make like 10 snowman
if I really want I can make an army of
snow should I make an army of snowmen
and then enter the game of Thrones
winter is coming
Wow Sep got my butt in a chair like
usual and today's videos gonna be types
of questions part two because the first
one did really well earlier I mean last
year and Valentine's Day is around the
corner so I figure you know ya know um
we have some happen I've written it out
go do it a few times I'm having one
who's like mad procrastinating days I'm
just like I'm high - Game of Thrones
this is why I don't start these things
now you know um nomadic shower and then
do my video that's what's up oh and I've
got to tell you I'm gonna use it for
this one maybe not hmm cannon sent me a
camera oh my god ordered I got inside me
camera I'm gonna unbox it on camera it's
really cool but I don't know how to use
it yet so maybe I'll use my Elmer's come
at camera still for this video and then
open it next time but take shower look
at this cool sweater I'm gonna wear has
unicorns all over it yeah it's so cool
so then random about me and my friends
will try the same thing is they gets so
annoyed of me I always have a random
songs in my head it's the strangest
thing that songs that like I haven't
even heard I don't know how I think of
them and then I hummed them without
knowing that I get stuck at everyone
else inside so right now this all I have
in my head it's so random it is you know
the theme from home alone it's I think
that I didn't intent in tintin tintin
tintin tintin tintin tintin like why am
i why why why am I even thinking about
that
when I was removing and I wasn't in my
head forever ah tintin tintin tintin
tintin tintin ding ding ding ding ding
ding
I'm embarrassed on how messy my washroom
and Rome are I'm not going to show you
but I'm a change of heart I'm actually
gonna wear my Olaf shirt because I've
thought of a t-shirt reference still got
the tag on it yeah cha Pollak but gonna
shoot vdl I'll have a broken up tripod
like it's so busted and broken out in a
while or just buy another tripod I know
I need to do tomorrow to worry to get my
life together that's my quote for today
you're on the road wrong in my life dear
clean my room by a tripod frickin just
or myself out alright team our video is
uploading types of brushes part 2 let's
grand stairs and go check out mine
you're gonna rub my panties could not be
more banal right now okay so those are
gonna be my favorite electronics Brent
Oh like four cameras is canon I love
Kenan all my cameras but always been
cannon can is my jam okay even when I
used to work at future shelf which is
like an electronic store in Canada or
America as well maybe in wherever you
want you in future shop I used to be a
product specialist in the camera
department I'd always all cans I can get
so they're awesome they know I lost my
camera they sent me this amazing looks
freaking cute card with my name and the
screen wiper what is this are these
stickers oh my god are these stickers
the Creator class oh my god one for me
and I'll give one to jazz okay
oh my god I'm so excited okay so I got a
70 D I went to the mall and test box -
I'm such a nerd okay hold on let me put
you down right now yeah there you go
yeah here you go that fresh boxed oh oh
oh okay that's a lawyer I got the timing
and the battery I got the star on tape
okay so it comes with one lens already
okay comes with one lens already
sick sick where's my this is art this is
our new baby the newest member of team
soup I ready ready oh yeah oh yeah oh my
god something to call ours okay yeah so
the price of a t3i this is pretty
similar it's a little bit bigger the
control scheme kind same pots
oh the screen is some vigorous
touchscreen there's that and they gave
me a lens a special-edition lens as well
and what is this oh it's a skin for iPad
and my mom iPad skin I'm a static Thank
You Canon for supporting team super and
giving me a camera because this has been
the stress of my life oh I'll put the
links of all their stuff below because
I'm so excited and I love them and hey
yeah alright it's time to eat when my
videos upload and stay about 50 minutes
to upload it on my internal a and that
impressive teeth are particularly bad
right in home um I don't know what to
eat you can't make myself a rice bowl I
have rice we have rice
do we have rice we have rice I'm gonna
make our rice bowl so what I made a rice
bowl got some bread got some leftover
chili sauce
my video still has 26 months to go so
I'm on the second last episode of the
first season it's only been like two
days and I've watched all season okay so
the character I have become obsessed
with call but the really hot guy he's
like on his deathbed right now and I'm
just like anyhow he died I'm gonna not
be able to come right now I've paused to
tell you this because if anyhow you see
my vlogging camera flying out the window
and being run over by cars cuz I throw
it out the window
devastated oh my god just pick it show
me a drop they just killed man's bro
I can't even I can't even I can't even I
can't even right now I can't what I
can't
this shows I could get these damn killed
man's dog Oh
I highly recommend everyone to watch the
show it is giving me such purpose in
life right now and it's exactly where I
need I started cuz I like yoga you need
to have like some leisure thing you do
work way too much and you have nothing
to look forward to you don't do anything
for fun and then I was like a camera
start show and that's to be my source of
fun in a day and like it is changing my
life best decision ever um I'm starting
the last episode of the first season
after this I'll be done season 1 ah they
killed Bay
I ain't called that's all I can say much
more because I try to spoil this review
haven't seen it but I need to mourn
right now because I feel like I feel
like my husband's dead like this refuge
like friend huh
game froze why you do this your pores
not interrupted you seeking mercy I am
dealing with something right now anyways
don't watch it dancer would you park in
anyways um I have not watched another
episode of Game of Thrones because I'm
mad at the show right now because I'm
just mad and I feel disheartened so I
took a little bit of break I need to
deliver to break away from Bay right now
because we're you having problems um did
a real work getting me back tomorrow is
Tuesday and I don't have much things
planned in terms of deadlines which is
nice and some of that so tomorrow I'm
thinking about like I said just kind of
fixing up my life clean my room setting
up my new camera freaking how to use it
getting a new tripod just doing on
itself unpacked for my last LA trip with
my suitcase outlets it's just bloody
chaos right now and there's a bunch of
projects I need to kind of don't do but
I need to like work on so why wasn't be
a workday and that's what's up I am
going to wash ready not that you did you
know what I'm gonna tell you wash your
face jump in bed probably watch Game of
Thrones again but Bob's still mad at you
I'm putting my computer I'm still mad at
you um and then I hope you guys enjoyed
the newsletter it got sent out today so
that was really cool and does anything I
think you tell you oh I can show you the
news
those of you who have not yet signed up
for the newsletter this is what it looks
like so you'll get this beautiful like
thing with my intro and make a secret
video and then I have a quote and bags
it's like all this cool stuff that goes
on that's the newsletter so if you're
not yet signed up links in description
to sign up I send one every single month
so it's really cool and then time I'm
gonna pick the winners as well who won
the t-shirts so good things are
happening all around good things and I
hope you've had a wonderful phenomenal
stupendous day and you're beautiful and
if you think it looks good
did you like it that's good if you liked
it subscribe yeah we can we can we got
Katy pears work perform fact I'm showing
overs like my Patty's gonna be born or
not and such a vision I love caper
