oh snap what's this fantasy I'm so fancy
what everyone's a girl Superman and
welcome to super step the official
Superman travel vlog series and now this
travel vlog series for Europe is way way
overdoing the reason for that is it
doesn't matter where in the world I
travel I will always the Indian and late
but nonetheless I am so excited to share
with you my contiki adventure I had
earlier this year across Europe it was
phenomenal so team super are you ready
to go through road trip 2014 let's have
a cheese empanada
our first stop was in Spain specifically
in Barcelona and I was super excited
because hello Spain hot people and fight
axes what you think also a comment on
some architecture may I be commenting on
the architecture of your six-pack ABS
Spanish boy - eh
muy caliente everyone was super hot
everyone sounded super high and I'm
gonna stop being superficial in five
four three two one
it was beautiful so much history all
histories like all the history is right
here we got to visit this phenomenal
church called the Sagrada from Phoenicia
didn't Sarah gotta the Mia Sara gotta
Familia who go to Emilio I vividly
remember walking up to the structure
just being like I didn't know Hogwarts
was in Barcelona
absolutely phenomenal the details can
you in it nothing I see was just just
show the clip amazing
honestly probably one of the most
amazing things I've ever seen in my
entire life
Nuth water can take adventure we had
some challenges and hopes of winning our
viewers some free trips now y'all didn't
get any free chips because I lost all
the challenges but the first challenge
had to do with a treasure hunt and this
is when I fell and broke up myself are
you ready for the first challenge yes
like I'll start a challenge three two
one go
okay good good and for the rest of the
trip I've been looking like Edward
Scissorhands cut it with me just quick
kneading on ya I know this is like
specific to Barcelona but actually did
something really really cool
oh yeah bubble bath bubble bubble bubble
bath bubble bath bubble bubble bubble
bath bubble bath bubble bubble bubble
bath I made a bubbly bucket in this bin
and then my whole trip came to a halt
just a halt because you know what
happens when you're traveling around the
world no matter where you go you stop
everything if you see another person
from the same country as you use Punjabi
stop everything brown people all across
the world unite include what uh Punjabis
in Spain Tintin into10 teaching tintin
tintin Barcelona was amazing the sites
were amazing the culture was amazing and
yes yes there was food for postpones
boom
we also got to check out some flamenco
dancing and oh my god it was amazing the
passion in these dancers face in their
movies I wouldn't want one of them to be
my mom cuz if they danced like that
imagine how they whooped their kids like
swear to god real mango dancer play
hopscotch just freaking cause north
quick one dude
Barcelona Barcelona Spain Spain Spain
Spain
our next stop was France specifically
nice and I'm thinking okay I'm a
Canadian our second language is French
islands French up to grade 9 I'ma be a
pro I know zero French I've never
experienced such a language barrier
which is so weird because this is a
language I've learned in school I mean
I've been to India and I've been to
Thailand I've been tough oh the Hong
Kong Airport I've never had more of a
language barriers and being in friends
and just boggles my mind open all same
all those times my teacher I asked my
friends teaching all the washroom was
like no no no francais suck it I do not
say it but I'm a nice in France
Oh francais now huh you come on spell to
GM now nice was just phenomenal it was
gorgeous
you
we're throw me off as we went to the
city town State County village I wasn't
sure what it this is not supposed to be
educational this is me pretending I know
things the state city province of Arles
what awesome it was so like real because
it reminded me so much of Italy like it
reminded me of to call us see him but he
was in France and I was like am I in the
matrix now France was really awesome for
me because we got to go to Monte Carlo
Noam article is extremely important to
me why you ask because of the historical
significance and the stop kidding Selena
Gomez as a movie is called Monte Carlo
she pretends she's in Monte Carlo I went
there basic we were best friends
you're in Monte Carlo at the casino
now Washington ago maybe move much
fellow and I cry and cry
yeah Monte Carlo is an extremely
extremely rich place we went there we
went to go see the casino
it was just luxurious cars everywhere
the vibe was so amazing it was
completely immersed in culture and the
band there was playing Bob Marley I was
in heaven
Archer de monte-carlo was especially
wonderful because our tour guide was
amazing continue did a great job in the
tour guide he's a prize for champagne on
the way in may I add the most ballin way
my only regret is not spending more time
in nice it was so beautiful I definitely
want to go back because yo just we can't
aunt is your m'appelle Lily OC what song
Barcelona and Spain I only have to get a
small taste of you but I promise I will
come back because you're both so
gorgeous make sure you click Subscribe
because this is episode one of the
European venture we still got to go to
Italy and Elend and Santo click
Subscribe and if you want to go on a
Kentucky adventure make sure you click
the link in the descriptions check out
how you can go on the experience of a
lifetime as for now
Barcelona and nice you've officially
been supers
