well that made me dizzy good morning I
hope you're wonderful and you've had a
great morning day night even wherever
you are I just woke up it is not
anywhere close to morning that's well
into the afternoon but had a good sleep
and so earlier this morning or the
dollar ring and my dad answered and they
came down make his box and I'm like huh
this box for me and the box is for me
and then I open it and it's flowers and
I was like who sent me flowers and I was
so surprised to read it says to Lily
from your team at CBS CBS as a
collective congratulations on reaching
five million subscribers kind regards
and I was like you don't know my YouTube
network is the collective and they're so
sweet and wonderful and they sent me a
bouquet of flowers
oh guy and they even said we have a pair
of custom Nikes waiting for you looking
forward to see so dad's puzzles are only
have a morning that kind of feels so
nice collective you're the best thank
you dan you're absolutely phenomenal
dan and CBS you get the girl feeling the
feels you made my day thank you thank
you
I think spontaneous gifts I thought he's
a very unexpected like oh that's so
sweet
God caught me off guard amazed I'm very
seldom caught off guard huh it caught me
off guard and dropping box okay I'm
thinking today I would have oatmeal and
eggs cuz I'm kind of hungry
that Nutella
maybe change my mind
oMG I'd should realize something I don't
want to jinx a but my teeth are not
hurting I didn't even notice but my
teeth are not no wonder I won't go so
cheery my teeth are not oh my god
what if the pig what if the war is over
what if the war is over
stay tuned training's
go back you will try to tell you
something excited I'm trying so many sad
things for you I can't tell you but
exciting things are coming becoming
exciting things are coming
ok let's clean this room or that's not
good to do list actually what dad
brought yeah how many did you bring me I
only brought you sex sex he hates when I
drink it but he also understands now
that I just need to drink it so we've
come to well I hope you stop no no you
see you see why why was that song in my
brain while making about that song I I
told you yesterday weird things I'm
putting the finishing touches on my
Europe vlogs and I'm really excited what
I went to Europe last year and I still
haven't up the vlogs
John's helped me out at them I'm putting
final touches on it right now
I'm really excited because I really like
it I get mad like control freak about
the stuff but I was like over over again
I'm like no but when I was there it
looked different I need to make it look
like that at the vlog that's just so
hard to like have so much footage and
edit it out actually looked in the vlogs
just I'm really excited that was I
really liked it so yeah those are gonna
come up probably release them tomorrow
I'm time to do and put on my main
channel because like they're so good
but I'm prepping my vlog channel that's
a situation right now look at me editing
oh my god
so much added weight froze no no did
just even update my teeth are killing
again so but half of the day they
weren't that's an improvement so
hopefully they'll go away soon my eyes
are telling dark today wash my face dual
theme it's just so bad you guys always
have to see my same setting of a room
that I haven't cleaned yet but I mean
that's all my I've actually done a lot
of work so I'm really proud of myself a
lot of work and I do have every
intention to clean my room and I'm not
just saying it I promise that we'll come
on man the plum is what you're yelling
at me
mmm so I'm talking to her she throws it
or not harjeet he just made you two
videos a long time ago but now he does
like awesome videography he's gonna
shoot my clean my room anthem and this
homeboy wants to meet at 12:00 tomorrow
I'm like brah you know how about 1 p.m.
2 p.m.
33 p.m. brought with me he's like well
I'm gonna ask you to suck it up in like
oh my god goddamn so me with him I
twelve him and he's coming and and and
that means I gotta clean my ish though
which I was gonna do anyway so I promise
you I promise you but I'm just sayin now
I have to like clean it well dammit I
just up in the mirror and noticed that
my eyes are really dark and something
today and I'm looking quite deathly more
so than usual and I just want to say
sorry not sorry because I know you
accept me for who I am and we're friends
but like you I know it's nice to look at
how people from time to time and I never
be looking hot for you in these loves
and I'm sorry but I'm sorry I'm sorry
sorry also not sorry like them shooting
movies I never learned
for medical reasons I swear for medical
reasons only drink if you're of age
especially if you got your wisdom teeth
removed we're so close to victory we're
so close to victory
dammit I'm vertical pop some popcorn I
might as well I'm doing Smirnov eyes Bob
Bob honking my damn room I got a meeting
in less than 12 hours then you'll by the
way by the way it is a jazz right just
started vlogging cute is that you know I
love jazz jazz started oh yeah I'm
watching her blossom I got this girl's
life is high pose afro
she's freaking drinking wines eating
apples she's probably watching the
smiling right now being like oh my god
I'm a virus I just want to point out I
had some oatmeal okay I'm drinking
smirnoff ice I'm turning the f-bomb my
life is cool too
we're gonna make some popcorn for myself
now okay so it's no clothes on the floor
that's recycling
this is not gonna severe I have nowhere
to put these things all these things are
just part of my room I have nowhere to
put all of these things and then I
organized this and these are the things
that I have nowhere to put as well so I
just have do many things not enough
space it's a good situation but this is
clean as a situation getting I clean my
room so that's what counts
I'm gonna do shower my head is hurting a
little bit I'm gonna shower and then I'm
gonna want an episode of Game of Thrones
and then I'm going to go to sleep
headed meeting tomorrow conference call
and then then I guess just working and
being happy I hope you had a great day
thank you so much for joining me on
another one of my lungs I love you if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe if you so the parties have a
t3i this is pretty similar it's a little
bit bigger
