yeah waiting at no.1 it's sacrifice what
up it's a girl lies a cadet you and
welcome back to my youtube channel I
have to be real there's something I want
to get off my chest
you know it looks like it came up my
house is still good place take for
example these big bang bang bang bang
bang bang ping ping ping ping ping
hey we do it on sound effects here we're
low but the truth is these blitz are all
fake just like their mama the other day
I was about to water my fake plants with
the pretty coats I am Hollywood is my
Fuji plants needed to be home I decided
to let my favorite plants know what's
real never they were all still acting
fake as fuck I knew I had to Humble them
and bring them back down to earth so I
quickly raced you my car and headed on
down to it I'm not sponsored by holding
with my really good-looking and humble
credit card in hand I had it on in to
find some tours of the beautiful cool
and some hos hos and more hos I also saw
some real plants and I spit on that
night of jealous which I ended up
actually nourishing them dang it no once
I had an excessive number of private
sponsors Home Depot I ran home realized
I drove ran back got my car and drove
home and realize I bought a bunch of
gardening tools for my fake plant which
is as crazy as trying to feed a plastic
baby which I've never done before
but I cannot take care of real place
I'll give myself enough water in
sunlight I'm thirsty and I barely look
Brown right now anyways since I have all
these fake plants that don't need help
what else do I have that needs no my
friends today I'm going to be doing my
makeup using gardening tools let's grab
our tools oh yeah alright first we're
gonna cover our grounds and lay down our
foundation to do that I'm gonna use this
hub this how is the morphe 4:34 dirty oh
this whole not all right now we're gonna
contour with our shovel
what are you doing your spare time right
now let's do our eyes shadow with those
lemons go gonna do a little flowers oh
yeah sure if I was something in a garden
I would be a wind chime uh-huh but
mostly a wind chime this thing is
freaking obnoxious no I'm stop ruining
their eyebrows it's gonna run some dirt
time to do my eyeliner
oh this shovel was only $11 all right it
takes $11 to hide like 14 bodies that's
a deal but we're gonna use just the tip
look at that wing towards our Jonas and
I gotta win this all night I mean if the
friend is gonna help you blend and kind
of look like you jealous of my wing she
does always how do I look good
what's that supposed to be all right now
it's time to do some buster Millennials
are idiots you know what I'm decent
looking for life and right now I thought
this was gonna be a lot harder but it
wasn't that's what she's I don't put
some lipstick that out of applying a
very sheer shade of lipstick but watch
your pins petunia cuz there's more
perfect plants fake lashes thing too we
take a little glue put on the hedges oh
yeah that worked this if I could dig
myself out of this girl routine up right
now
are you looking but it makes sense you
see hai has many benefits so much your
bigger do I look good or do I have low
standards like you for watching this
this is the final look get ready to
suffer through this slow-mo so that's
all the gardening this hoe can do today
I hope you guys enjoy this video and if
you did wow you got those standards so
give this video a big thumbs up because
hoes get wet in the flowerbed sorry for
the dirty jokes y'all but thank you guys
so much for watching
gonna brown girl I can scrub this off
should I say shrub this off
no she not here about Miracle Grow for
my face please I'm not sad you are I
figured hey maybe I could use it nothing
and a little too much
or should I say too much
