wearing a shirt just in case you didn't
know I'm a boy yeah I guess what cup
it's a girl Liza Goodman at university
is somewhere I didn't go for very long
glue yeah when I did go to school for
one year clearly but like any other
focused college student I always went to
Freiburg and the hot girls are always
wanted at those fraternity parties which
is why I went because I brought all my
hot friends and I get into you know I
just live with my 20 and walk right in
only girls get in free anyways there are
a bunch of different fraternity names
like Sigma Nu Sigma nudes alpha gamma
ray young a lot of pi Omega 3 Alpha
Gamma Delta Airlines an alpha alpha 3
guys who don't know who's in charge it's
me and data daily data an Indian friend
oh I am also Indian but in today's video
I'm Greek or at least trying really hard
to pay you know what they say if you
can't beat him dress up like a man and
try to join him here we go shoes on land
pastel collared shirt true it's not
Eastern I'm still wearing this shirt
khaki shorts that extra fabric that
draws attention to my crotch true
holy fraternity what
is that a sweat man this diamond slowly
melt everything he doesn't even need us
nose god that's all from the guy
snapping no ideas where the Phoenix
shoes that are whiter than he is not a
winner
Punky's does he get inside us ha oh my
god there's not even a piece of gum in
his mouth shorts are so short they look
like babies you still think I can't
think straight be straight he's not just
Greek he's a Greek god Chris I don't
know about I don't chris herren you
telling me out of all these white guys
living in one house there's not a single
guy in others he's just not psycho
tonight
dan no bill Bill Clinton Luke Skywalker
oh yeah Scott oh yeah nice try you just
want to come inside man don't we oh but
man to get inside it's a lot harder all
right yeah so is she single boob sorry
freak is a trap no I mean what's your
philosophy I'm Christian I'll stab nice
to meet you Christian my name's Jamie to
summit whatever head where you activated
what chapter chapter 6
was it Sark exactly there's a strange
reference but I'm not in a threat also
garage I'm just taking the time just
what what we're Russian but we're Greek
oh dude boss yeah oh we love a good joke
welcome to the property dude that was
way faster than I thought
so that is all I have for you guys today
I hope your sister is enjoyed this video
and if you did please make sure to give
it a big thumbs up because a lot of
brothers gave it up okay I'll see you
guys make some time okay
when you're scared of commitment little
brown Phoebe I think hey guys woke up
its your boy lies whoa the truth comes
out that fraternity's men for journal
TT's their beliefs were supposed to look
alike but they don't they don't look for
turn on they don't look well later
they're more like acquaintances I was
like you know I have paternity I don't
really get invited to anybody's house
you took the girls bro mine's bigger
I love Molly no serious I hooked up with
her Isaac on dude oh it's a really
good-looking jacket it's amazing product
placement
