yeah yeah what up guys it's real Liza
coming at you and welcome back to my
youtube channel and welcome to cooking
with pizza quickly dang it my name
always autocorrects to pizza I don't
know why autocorrect always does that do
I look like a pizza there's a pizza over
my face in there anyways welcome to
cooking with pizza Liza Liza dang it
well now I feel the need to make a
freakin pizza call Domino's Pizza
calling Domino's pizza okay price up
Domino's myself hi yes I would like to
order a zippity-doo-dah day cuz I'm
making a pizza today sorry I'm so cuz
it's fine but make the freaking pizza
now kid okay so welcome to my kitchen
today we cooking laser we cooking pizza
and let me tell you something it's about
to get hot yeah and I'm not talking
about the oven I'm talking about the
microwave you know the saying if you
can't handle the fire then get out of
the kitchen good god I hope I don't set
anything on fire today ah oh God
I can imagine myself running around and
screaming oh my god but if I did set
something on fire I probably edit it in
between what I'm saying right now
oh yeah sure didn't fit or maybe I
purposely set something on fire just so
I could do all of this ah okay yeah I
did did she really send apartment fire
for her video that's so dangerous don't
worry guys I'm not an idiot the fire is
out and I did it safely okay now back to
this pizza or urn seriously kids do not
ever try that at home
your mom will ground you what mine will
watch this video
fly herself down here and slap the
eyebrows off of my face so don't do it
let's get started first you need to go
out to the grocery store and buy a lot
of ingredients look at your receipt and
realize that buying a pizza would have
been so much cheaper so I've seen a lot
of youtubers do cooking videos and most
of them kind of play around it's
they can't cook and I ain't gon do it
because I'm a jet I'm a food kind of
work I like it spicy i I am spicy
you can't handle the heat oh good no
more fires okay so let's get started
before I said something else on fire
videos a hot mess literally first you
gotta make the dough now handmade dough
is the way to go
Barse but seriously handmade from
scratch ooh only way to do it just some
good old flour and water and ingredients
made this battle self well now I just
need to get the perfect shape there we
go I'm really excited to make this pizza
for you guys I spent so much money on
ingredients I mean I guess you can say I
lost a loved oh way to go oh there you
are you little rascal yeah well that was
worth it to Joe and now that your dough
is prepared give it a final friendly
little spank
and now it's time for the sauce okay so
I accidentally bought salsa instead of
tomato sauce but you know what we're
just gonna run with it I mean this also
can't be that different right it's just
like Mexican tomatoes a little Fiesta
and a charm
let's spread this suck on get grow to
hard a much soil with pants so we're
just gonna okay we're just gonna start
off on a tiny bit you don't want the
sauce to be too overbearing okay or you
know half the jar so to spread it you're
going to want to grab a spoon or utensil
or something that you have not washed in
a very long time so we're gonna use our
Ari ends as all good cooks would do go
ahead don't be afraid don't be scared
just plate it in there there you go it's
not so bad it just
you realize how many tiny cuts you have
in your hand you know what let's do just
a little bit more oh okay
are a lot a bit more ping it you should
have won my bib oh okay it's gonna be
spicy okay my throat's on fire this is
freaking spicy the salsa says medium
it's definitely high the heck did you
smoke some people may think it's gross
but I just consider myself to be an
artist and I'm just finger painting you
know what this is or not I'm like
Vincent van Gogh but I just keep up
shoot I'm good the red car okay I'm
sorry
so that was a little cheesy so I know I
make a lot of puns and a lot of play on
words and I know they can't be cheesy
but be honest are they're just corny oh
okay well I guess that's going on the
pizza but seriously I mean are they
cheesy or are they just annoying or am i
a baby genius I mean they're puns but
personally I just think they're
wonderful okay that one was a little bit
corny oh Jesus Jesus more topics let's
put some onions on you on this pizza ha
nah chef Laughlin just be okay so then
once you're done crying over some onions
to throw them on top of the pizza more
toppings I think so and we have some
bell peppers huh
they're in season I should probably cut
these now there's a lot going on on this
pizza and there's not much room for more
but there's mushroom for mushrooms
hahahahahahahahahaha
okay wait hold on I'll have any meat on
here this pizza needs to meet some meat
get this new crazy mother
ah
ah
oh yeah wait is this enough me now we're
good you know some people would be
scared to bake this pizza oh but I'm not
chicken why are you so close to my face
I think I've got but now we've had about
just spices on there do something spicy
a little nutty just gonna add a little
pitch this brings our coffee but okay
we're time check out the finished
product huh it's time to bake so let's
do it okay so how many degrees do I need
to cook this at this package says 420
420 break so I really don't know why all
these youtubers act like they can't cook
I just made a freaking pizza I don't
know why I act like they don't know what
they're doing I know exactly what I'm
doing I'm gonna bake this at 420 I'm
gonna make myself a nice little pizza
I'm a freakin one look at me cooking and
stuff not and everybody acts like it's
so hard look at me I just did it
perfectly did you not watch me do it
perfectly
okay I hope you got the pun in the art
I'm gonna taste this out of here cuz I'm
not about to clean this up
uh-huh this ain't no cleaning with Liza
I sponsored by Swiffer the heck camera
change okay now into the oven to cook my
mom would be so proud no wait I was
gonna have a dance party while the wait
but this video is long enough so I'm
just gonna chill em oh it's done
Oh would you look at that what a good
looking Liza oh thank you what a good
looking pizza yeah no heck no I didn't
bake this I thought it was gonna explode
and you thought I was gonna eat it yeah
heck no I think you might eat me so
that's all I have for you guys today
thank God cuz I don't know if much more
can fit on this thank you guys so much
for watching I hope you thought this
video was fired yeah no I can't believe
I let this again either uh-huh
you guys want a slice of Liza I mean a
slice of Liza then please give this
video a big thumbs up and please
subscribe
what else should I Concord sat on fire
let me know in the comments below and
I'll see you guys next Wednesday with
lazar little overcooked Brown chef is a
BAE I actually thought it was a bulldog
