yo what's up how you doing welcome
today's YouTube video is all about wait
why is my intro playing I didn't even
get to finish what I wanted to say can I
finish the sentence yo Liza editing I'm
trying to tell him what the video is
about you're the one doing this huh what
no yeah well I guess I can tell you now
that that's over good god that was
awkward I'm so sorry about that guys but
I guess it kind of makes sense because
today's video is today's video was all
about awkward moments boys went before
me you're freakin kidding me right
seriously onion I can heal you okay
anyway what's up guys it's your girl
Liza comin at you and welcome back to my
youtube channel today we are talking
about awkward moments now we all have
awkward moments and life loves that
throw them at us what did you expect
something to get thrown at me no I'm not
predictable
but anyways oh god that hurt wait what
oh well this is awkward
so before we get started I want you to
say I love the money that the friend
this is have quite the awkward turtle
don't ask me why this is a Spanish store
or la ladies when something is awkward
everybody knows a quadrille as the
International sign for this is awkward
and when the awkward moment gets even
more awkward aguado has babies some
awkward moments let's talk about it taco
uncle buckle here our awkward moments we
all have that awkward moment when you're
at a movie theater you pay for your
ticket and then this happens all right
miss here you go and enjoy your movie
thank you you too ma'am
I'm in a glass box talking to you
freaking hole does it look like I'm
gonna watch a movie anytime soon
oh I'm sorry I I hope you see a movie
soon I can't see I'm blind
what ah that awkward moment when you ask
somebody how they're doing hey how are
you what's up I'm good nice meat meat
meat um um what good okay now goober is
a great place for mobile awkward moments
I got it to an uber once and said hi how
are you and he responded with yes
English is fun another awkward moment is
when you're having a conversation with
someone while drinking so when you're
really into conversation and you're
trying to take a sip of your drink but
your tongue just starts looking for your
straw it's convo to the other person you
legit look so crazy when this is
happening uh interest I mean this
awkward moment just sucks
I mean you wish it would suck that
awkward moment when you don't remember
someone's name I can't stand I have to
sit down so embarrassing this is what
happened hey didn't I recognize her oh
what's her name again
play it off Liza play it off hey you hey
Eliza miss Koshi miss Liza Koshi born on
the 31st of March 1996 how are you of
course she did this is where I come up
with every cutesy name in the book just
so I can be friendly back but avoid
saying her name completely hey girl how
you doing boo you're looking good hon
born on that special day you crawled out
your mama good to see you yeah cute
little kumquat then there's that awkward
moment where you've met someone twice
basically like you've never met them
before in your life but you have hey
what's up how are you hey
hi I'm good I'm Liza nice to meet you um
we've met before
oh whoa I'm so sorry wow really
I thought you had fun on our date do
what
oh I'm so sorry I just don't remember we
have a kid together
That awkward moment when somebody is
sneezing multiple times and you have to
bless them every time
Dutch bless you thank you nice cheese
god bless you
okay oh I'll pray for you huh yo may the
power of Christ compels you
Denzil every yesterday god I felt so
awkward making this video I literally
sweat it that's another awkward moment
when someone has sweat stains and you're
not sure how to tell about that that is
awkward I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and if you did please make sure to
give it a big awkward thumbs up cuz if
you don't then you'll just make her feel
awkward and sweat more whoo wait what do
you mean what and I'll see you guys next
Wednesday would last this brown girl is
then out Oh am I supposed to leave now
oh sorry well god it's awkward should go
this way or this way guys or there's
nobody here I live by myself I'm talking
myself I'm still talking myself I'm
gonna go this way okay all right look
god this is awkward okay bye okay tease
my breath oh man that's awkward Oh a now
on a scale on a scale of 1 to 10 how bad
do I want this
I'm feeling like a 12.5 haha scale of 1
to 10 I broke the scale whoops
I actually thought it was a bulldog
