look I just found a ladybug in my room
can you see him her can you see her um I
think it just pooped on me did you just
poop on me
oh no that's a mole she's elated oh geez
look excuse me miss no need to bug out
yeah yo what up guys it's your girl Liza
coming at you and welcome back to my
youtube channel so as you can see I'm in
the same hotel that I was in last week
I've actually been here for the past
week working on a project that I'm
really excited about but I'm not gonna
brag about it or anything I'm gonna move
so that's all I'm gonna say about it for
now seriously such a blessing and I
would not be here if it wasn't for you
guys so thank you guys so much from the
bottom of my shoe ha ha I didn't expect
that coming did you so let's get back to
the video so since I've been living in
this hotel room for the past 158 hours
Jay I do Matt no I didn't calculate that
beforehand will you meet so I decided to
make this week's video hotel with lies
so hotel rooms they can be freaking
expensive you're legit paying anywhere
from 75 to $500 per night for a bed and
some tiny bottles of shampoo and because
you're out of town traveling sightseeing
or picking up some pretty ladies you're
usually not even inside your room a
majority of the time this means got to
get your full money's worth you pay for
this hotel so this is your room so you
know what that means that means you can
take home this shampoo and conditioner
see I brought my own because honestly
this isn't even enough to wash a Cabbage
Patch Kid oh but it's yours to take
and this soap and these towels and
whatever this is and the trash can and
this lamp and this chair cause this is
gonna pull and this TV
yeah no screw that you get the point I'm
not paying money for this now I pretty
much packed up everything I can in my
suitcase but now I'm looking at these
paintings and I wasn't gonna take them
cuz they look pretty average to me but
then I realized they're bolted to the
wall now call me crazy but it's almost
as if they expected me to take the
painting so they bolted it to the wall
just in case I got any ideas
now I didn't want these but now I do
because they don't want me to have them
they don't want you to have these
paintings they don't want you to take
them down we the best yeah I'm
inspirational but anyways challenge
accepted
it's a good thing I brought my handy
dandy notebook Daniel random Blue's
Clues reference it's a good thing I
brought my handy dandy travel
screwdriver casual okay this is really
bolted on there
well screw this well they did they did
screw it that's why that's why you can't
get it off let's go talk about the hotel
bathroom huh you have to you're forced
to come on let's go
oh my gosh now just wait a second
I didn't even notice the scale was in
the restroom - I generally use one of
these bad boys Oh a now on a scale on a
scale of 1 to 10 how bad do I want this
I'm feeling like a 12.5 thumbs up scale
of 1 to 10 I broke the scale whoops man
I'm just gonna have so much stuff in my
bag now I hope it's not overweight oh
you can go right in there
nice so even though I've been here for
the past week I'm gonna act like I'm
seeing it for the first time right now
oh my goodness look we have a table I
think I'm gonna take a bath right now ah
it's just so good oh did I just think I
was naked nah this YouTube channel I can
list nasty uh would you lookie here we
have a nice little rope set out for us
let's put this bad boy on uh yeah this
feels good wait what are you serious
right now why do I look so stupid yeah
look like the off-brand Karate Kid I
hate being a foetus sized human being
this is why I shop at the Children's
Place I'm done I look like a monk
I gotta go something else about hotel
restrooms I have never understood why
hotels place a phone directly next to
the toilet as if you're gonna end up
falling off the toilet and have to call
for help and if casually falling off the
toilet is a normal thing for you then
you should probably have Life Alert
honestly only see this being useful if
you run out of toilet paper you need to
call room service like hey my bringing
SoDo Weber I just ran out ma'am
did you move toilet paper we just got
your call here you go this was
unrealistically fast let's take a little
trip throughout the hotel shall we
you're forced to come along let's go so
here we are in the elevator area here's
my theory about elevators I feel like
all of these elevators here have really
competitive personalities and they
always to pick you up when you press the
button well pick you up or take you down
am i right here's what I mean she pushed
it who's got it does anybody got her I'm
feeling kind of down somebody else get
her well she's going up so shut up
Ellenor oh I hope you shut down Elliot
hey over here mom I got you sight oh
thank those so many more sorry did that
hurt yeah what'd you do that for for so
that's what I have for you guys today
thank you guys so much for washing your
bodies and thank you for watching I hope
you enjoyed this video and if you did
please give this video a thumbs up my
little hitchhiker and please subscribe
and I'll see you guys next Wednesday
with my little brown girl who's checking
out of this hotel uh-huh let's see what
you did there hey when you have to pee
when you're with your friend dude I
gotta go pee
let's go find a restroom then but with
your best friend dude I got a pee I got
you
it's supposed to be an online audience I
got one in person guys this is Shoshana
she was my live audience she watched me
do the running man through the lobby she
let me do the running where I did a
lobby thank you girl
