oh did you really think I wasn't here
for a second yes silly ghost wait did
you actually fall for that because you
know somebody had to be here to press
the record button your silly nugget wait
was that seriously your intro yeah yeah
what's up guys it's your girl Liza
coming at you I hurt my wrist and
welcome back to my youtube channel so as
you can see right now I'm okay this
isn't the holidays I just really wanted
to use that song however I'm actually
out of town right now in Atlanta Georgia
working on some secret stuff but if you
want to know what secret stuff I'm
working on then please make sure to
check out my other social media as a
below I'll keep you updated all up come
on do it I'm being suspicious anywho
today we are going to be talking about
best friends versus friends now we all
know there's a difference a friend is
someone you know someone cool want
someone who can go and talk to you but
you haven't gotten to the level where
you're picking each other's boogers yet
that's when you know it's real by the
way if you're one of those people that
lets someone walk around with one of
those flaky boogers that flaps in the
wind I don't respect you help them
either Pig and fuck it anyways but you
know when someone is your best friend
that's love a best friend is someone you
can go to when you need to borrow a pair
of panties yo can I borrow a pair of
panties yeah I got you best friend a
best friend is someone you can go to
when you need a toothbrush I brought you
the toothbrush I can use I got you man
thanks bro
did you eat chicken wings reality check
I hope you guys aren't doing that kind
of stuff with your best friend because
that would be kind of nasty but
seriously don't do that kind of stuff
whoa cut what get awesome oh it's just
me it's just me okay yeah you guessed it
I'm making this whole video about
friends without any friends
all by myself nice anyways here are a
couple scenarios that really showcase
the difference between friends and best
friends when you have a bruise a friend
would say wow that looks like it hurts
what's that from I don't even know man
it hurts hey well I hope you feel better
but a best friend would say got this
bruise hurts
oh dude let me see dang that looks
painful Oh God
this is actually very hard to do without
friends you're telling me when you're
breaking out or get a pimple with your
friend oh god dude is my pimple that bad
girl what no you can't even see it but
with your best friend oh my gosh my
pimple that bad dude it's you you're a
freaking unicorn oh but is it juicy what
up let me pop it when you have to pee
when you're with your friend dude I
gotta go pee let's go find a restroom
then but with your best friend
dude I gotta pee I got you when dealing
with or owing each other money with a
friend hey buddy how you doing
what really hate doing this but you know
last week when I bought you that coffee
yeah would you mind paying me back those
five dollars buddy pal not my best
friend but with your best friend Hey
look I'm gonna pay for this coffee you
get the next one I got the one after
that you got the next one and we'll
spend the rest of our lives and an
endless debt to each other okay when
your face timing has the wrong timing
with friends
but oh no no no no no no sorry I'm in
the restroom we'll call you when I'm out
but with your best friend oh yeah
and guess what I'm on a toy when you
think you're gaining weight with a
friend oh my god do you think I'm
gaining weight girl
what no are you kidding me look great
don't be so hard on yourself but with
your best friend
oh okay be honest do you think I'm
gaining weight yeah you've been in good
weight seriously
well yeah you want to go to Taco Bell oh
did ya I'm beginning number three but
I'm gonna get that day coke though when
you burp in front of your friends oh
dude I can smell your breakfast no as
your best friend ah dude Chipotle yeah
boy what I get chicken sour cream pico
de gallo yeah white rice or brown rice
I'm thinking Brown wait a second what
and guacamole you know it brah nice so
that's all being my friends huh for you
guys today
she's right rip doesn't laugh thank you
guys so much for watching you guys are
so cute please feel free to comment some
of your friend vs. best friend
differences and we hope you guys enjoyed
this video
I sound like I have personality issues I
do but I hope you guys like this video
and if you did please make sure to give
it a big thumbs up because if you give
it a little thumb that you might be a
baby on the Internet
I'll see you guys this Wednesday with
unnecessary exit little brown girl is oh
that was necessary exit okay bye you
ever act normal I'm not sure if I
understand
positivity is a key in life how do you
spread yours my leg focused on me
buh buh buh Kljestan we Arianna are you
there Arianna Heller oh she's here Thank
You grande I have short time but I still
almost peed right now crazy how the body
I'm peeing
