what's up guys and welcome back to my
youtube channel wait what are you doing
isn't this supposed to be something cute
or funny that you play before the video
so that they'll keep watching you oh
crap you're right I forgot well it's
only supposed to be like 10 seconds
before your intro plays hurry wait what
there not much time do I have left
yeah my room is freaking disgusting but
you can only see what's in this box
ah what's up guys it's a girl isakova -
ooh and welcome back to my youtube
channel so there are a lot of you guys
that have followed me and subscribe to
me recently by the way thank you so much
for 1.4 million Instagram followers oh
my god that's 2.8 million thumbs that
clicked on this potato and 14 million
Joe's I mean unless you're missing
something in my bed that's kind of tota
anywho so we're not be new peeps I kind
of just wanted to say looser so I
decided to do and like I said hi so I
decided to do and ask like the Q&A for
this week's video so I asked you guys
ask me some questions using the hashtag
ask Liza on my Twitter Oh now are you
gonna put a screenshot up of your
Twitter and ask me to follow you or
something
no wait should I well that's actually
not a bad idea
oh nice right on top of my face why
don't you I'm still here you know so a
lot of these questions I throw my
Twitter but a lot of these are also from
Instagram because you guys don't know
how to follow instructions I bet you can
so here's me answering your strange
awkward and inappropriate questions not
answering the inappropriate ones just a
little past let's go where are you from
I already know the answer I just want to
see you do the Houston Texas Beyonce
dance I'm afraid I don't know what you
need liar but how fast are you I'll be
right back I'm back make a musically in
front of the camera
you saw here kids right in front of the
camera are you afraid of heights victim
do you play any musical instruments yes
I do actually
do you need to pee stop on one direction
I wonder which direction they're talking
about could be up could be down could be
right left
could be north could be South could be
Northwest how are you just so naturally
funny oh thank you that's so sweet
um well I guess I just act natural who's
your role model and why by the way can
you do a handstand right now right now
no but right now yeah is you the real
Slim Shady does that answer your
question
have you ever brushed your teeth with
your finger because you didn't have a
toothbrush what's a toothbrush kid David
be in the video - that sounds awesome
can I know save something to us when it
comes to Oreos are you a cookie or a
cream person is this asking me your
phone racist tell us your darkest secret
can you do a cartwheel yeah maybe later
if you would would you visit New Zealand
well I'd probably want to visit the old
one first
remember that cartwheel it's later I
hurt my buttocks
do you ever act normal I'm not sure if I
understand of Washington positivity is
the key in life how do you spread yours
my leg when are you coming to the
Netherlands oh I'll be right there as
soon as Peter Pan comes knocking on my
window wait or is that Netherland how do
you start a conversation
are you doing what was your most
embarrassing period story my most
embarrassing period story okay okay so
there was just one time I was in English
class and we were sitting down writing a
paper and I was finishing off writing my
last sentence and I get up and I look
down and realize and I didn't put a
period at the end of my sentence so
embarrassing
well I be in this Q&A know people always
ask that question and somehow expect
themselves to be just in the queue in it
yes save five puns as fast as you can
yeah do you smell your toes at night -
no sometimes in the middle of YouTube is
what is this year your room or your life
my boy can you dance for us yeah I can
absolutely just kidding but if you do
want to see me dance you can go check
out chat chickens on this YouTube video
and the link will be in the description
below so go click that subscribe to her
up see me Joe Joe and Jenny what happens
in your wildest dreams well I'm in the
wilderness and I'm surrounded by animals
it's pretty wild
where do your horribly hilarious puns
come from let me tell you something
i-i-i do not know thumbnail at the end
of the video ok so let's all have for
you guys today
hope you guys enjoyed this video and if
you did please make sure to hashtag
Eliza is little brown girl out no okay
yeah
heyyyyy but I manganese in a bang in the
West and I also give you more I never
give you less you can hear in the
streets you can read in the press but
you really want to know what's next
Beyonce
hi I'm Beyonce jay-z is my husband Jay
why is me asking my husband a question
can David be in the video too
oh no no I'm doing I haven't prep I just
need you to emphasize on it I used to
care I can hold it in by yeah it was
cute
yeah I think it's still going
