like this you think I'll make me look
fat I don't know more than usual
what yeah okay where do I go fuck turn
left
now look left pretty isn't it keep going
straight oh yeah turn left lies that
this you came that idea wise I picked us
up stuff for you about some shirts some
wait why do I like athletic stuff you
can start working out maybe lose some
weight kidding me you don't like the
colors
he's an interface get it yeah what yeah
Jesus
sometimes when I'm around you I just
crying for no reason wow you're that
happy to be with me no I'm just so upset
to be stuck in this car with you huh
should I get chocolate or vanilla ice
cream either Jewish house here Monica
check what's it go what does my breath
smell to to something my throat gee Liza
I got it hey Lisa huh
you need some deodorant prettiest girl I
know by far babe so beautiful I don't
even understand how someone could be
this beautiful
oh did she get so much better looking I
when she was younger I at least I think
she did let's get some chip yeah Liza
you can't spell chips without hips let's
put these backwards coming up think
anybody's next to me yeah
I'm see wha-wha-what your neck is really
hairy
David it's so ugly
are you kidding me this view is
beautiful look at it now beautified it's
just this I'm getting old gross
strain it or something I should take a
picture of me make it look really good
ok ready 1 2 3
did you get it yep whose daddy my dad
you're disgusting Liza what are you
doing Liza uh Lou delete the good deals
on his pants
they're men's jeans uh what size are you
I'll need your eyes huh
what about those eyes already want to go
eat okay let's like you little place on
Third Street that's like an Olive Garden
that sounds good no we salad on the
press box you get this out I'll eat the
breadsticks what I never get to have any
of the breadsticks yeah for reasons I
said maybe you should just stick to the
salad okay excuse me excuse you what did
you fire it it wasn't me drink yeah I
think some water okay actually you just
came some juice
yeah couple ice cubes yeah favorite cup
do you love all don't forget my favorite
cup I love a her cup you know you don't
need that Liza no no I might not like
talk about events nothing talk about
like what was that I better go into the
bloopers where do you want to go ye Liza
Oh
the hospital are you okay what are you
doing ah looking at the good deal of
these pants their masses jeans Liza what
size are you
I'll need jeans but I do need a new
girlfriend so I heard you're single I
the Sun in my eyes Liza I don't know
David Rice's suck always in my eyes
every time you drive there's no way
around it maybe because you're the light
of my life no no my breath my smells
miles would just be season yon where do
you want to go eat
can we go to like a little place on
Third Street I always thinking I'm at
brass tacks what do you guys ever speak
it's finish the other yeah no he wants
me a drink
Eric need some water ok I should get
some ice
yeah just some ice sky weightless I'm
gonna be hungry like that around I'm not
gonna give you some breadsticks so I can
be starving the entire time so angry at
most gosh why is this guy with the
camera following us around Oh knock
something down cookies come on we'll
cook it you're knocking everything down
with your big fat body
you can what can you adjust my camera
David why is there even a camera when
we're driving what are you filming a
YouTube video no I'm happy good today
thank you guys so much for watching
please make sure to LIKE and subscribe
and comment what our goals for you
oh don't comment soccer I'll kill you
right also please make sure to go and
subscribe to my second channel the link
will be in the description below
that's my channel not her second Channel
please give this video a big thumbs up
if Christmas is on the 25th this year
I'll see you guys next Wednesday with
lesser blue brown girl and my son Liza
Liza May
