welcome to my car suckers yeah what's up
it's your girl Liza coming at you from
my car you already know what this is
baby it's driving with Liza's plug so
this little brown girls going back on
the road
echo baby how did this keep happening
it's time to get on the road Jack and
don't you come back no no no no much so
people have been requesting to see me
drive like a maniac in a car again so
here it is it's driving with Liza part -
baby are you in or are you out
why'd I even ask that you're in
so all of my friends say I'm a crazy
driver honestly I think I'm one of the
most safe drivers out there I'm super
respectful of the road I don't break any
kind of laws was that a red light and I
never speed okay but actually I don't
think I'm that crazy of a driver I think
it's because they're riding passenger
and they're not in control of the
vehicle oh that's a good-looking young
man oh how you doing we're taking a
u-turn today hello
keep order
yeah oh my god nothing is slower than a
hipster on a bicycle no II mean one
thing ever since I left this video you
dang it
pulling in someone's driveway come on
you thought you had friends
now today oops just ruined your front
lawn - ever since I left the city oh you
got you just don't get alone yeah sure
walk as slow as you want
haha so I live in LA now and like my boy
Drake says oh you know LA traffic had a
steady slow my bad the traffic here is
disgusting and the drivers are insane
and I have road rage well I used to I'm
a Cali girl now so I've calmed down got
that kind of go with the flow lifestyle
dude why are you doing wow you just look
stupid just Jim hang loose brush it off
hey what's up man you want a dog
Rocka Southern California 95 world okay
does anybody else drive around with
their leg up I know a lot of girls do it
because it's really comfortable probably
not safe but really comfortable I just
realized you only need one leg to drive
you could be a pirate with a peg leg and
dry feel like pirates would have really
bad road rage whoa what the heck are you
doing are you kidding me I need one hand
to drive anyways am i right
ooh I really want some frozen yogurt
right now dan yet well they were closed
isn't that just a bump in the road big
bump in the road
I got a pullover yup hello it's me that
is mattre flock Oh get me text me hey I
want to go grab a tea or something huh
tea what about uvwxyz she sent me a
voice message back just kidding I'm
coming
it's gummy I'm recording chatting with
Liza bar - oh cool okay let's go oh my
god
sorry I was in Reverse let's go what's
up here vote what I thought she knew I
was doing go get the T P X Y Z you knows
it I got Buddhist tea is hot Oh
oh my god oh my god Liza Gaby you come
ah you better clean that up
oh my god pull over I'm taking an uber
yeah you're insane you are sting and
sang are you gonna clean that up first
look at bag Gaby well grab coffee soon
I'm out of stuff like
I'm behind a police car right now I'm
gonna pull you over I'm going to pull
you over well I hate seeing police cars
on the road I always get a freaking
anxiety tag and need deodorant as if I'm
even doing something wrong I'd literally
start to question everything I know see
the headlights are made legal with my
legal am i old enough to drive God God
I'm 12 years old
Vibha okay I really do get scared around
police cars and mainly because I think
they're gonna pull me over because I had
been pulled over once story time so let
me tell you guys the story about the
first time and hopefully the last time I
got pulled over it's definitely like the
last time I Drive like an idiot I had
literally just left my house and I knew
that the speed limit in that area was 30
miles per hour so I made sure to go
exactly 30 miles per hour like screw you
Paul Paul not today but then I looked in
my rearview mirror and I saw the lights
atma siren and the speed limit at 20
miles per hour school zone starts at
2:00 o'clock p.m. now guess what time it
was
go ahead just guess guess what freakin
time
did I really go to Kinko's to print out
a Zac Efron mask just so I could say
what time is it yeah nice now let me get
my head in the game anyways it was 204
pm fricking four minutes past the time
limit how the heck are you gonna pull me
over and this was my first time ever
getting pulled over I was so nervous I
was legit shaking the officer even asked
me why are you shaking and I said well -
I've never been pulled over before yeah
I said it just like that baby voice and
everything so I was like heck yeah I'm
kidding no ticket what's that he says
I'll be right back so he comes back and
he hands me a slip of paper and says
sign this yeah I'm pissed I thought you
were supposed to get a warning the first
time you get pulled over no I got a
ticket for $250 so David said he needed
a ride because his car's broken down I
think he just wants to spend time with
me I'm gonna go pick him up
take him where he needs to go because
I'm an uber no island in seven days
told you I'm an uber yo hey what's up
where do you need to go
I shouldn't hang out I told you go ahead
whoo we're going up on a speed bomb geez
my cell chill my ears are ringing
hoo-wee in a school zone drive slower I
am 20 miles per hour that's what I love
about school zone gives you longer time
to look at the kids true that one's cute
license
there's people cross it up there oh yeah
what I was this was like poop in here
yeah I set the boom where'd you step in
poop my bathroom you'll have a dog I
know
yeah a squirrel
yeah Martha there's a family earlier and
you didn't even stop oh you're not oh no
it's a good not funny Liza you're
tearing it you're a terrible driver you
need help and Jesus I'll pick you up
tomorrow I gotta go to church he's right
wandah almost died three times during
that song it's okay though it's cool
it's um
alright now I'm picking Alex up from the
basketball court always half-naked
please give this video a thumbs up
hey get it ah
alright ready yeah oh no what Gabby was
right
ah Alex so that's all I have for you
guys today I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did please give it a big
thumbs up because I almost died multiple
times also please make sure to subscribe
please check out my other social medias
and the passengers in this vehicle
description below let me know in the
comments below if you want to see
another driver for another driving with
Liza and let me know what you want to
see I'll see you guys next Wednesday
with Liza this little brown girl is out
still in my car but it's cool I'm out by
bat posture well your back is as
straight as a rainbow you look like you
should be in a bell tower in your little
hunchback
April lady her and you looking nice
today
I
