let's get some volume some volume yeah
hey guys what's up its your girl isin
coming at you and welcome back to my
youtube channel some of you guys may
know I just moved into my apartment
apartment and as you can see behind me I
have furniture so for today's video
we're going to be talking about body
language your body speaks a language a
yoga sup girl 9 what you doing oh I'm
just chilling look at my buddy bud
yes it does kids yes it does so your
body language is basically how you carry
yourself how you stand how you pose how
you react to others using your physical
body and movements but today's video is
I'm airily going to focus on how you
stand and what it means I just got my
nails done can you tell by how much I'm
talking with my hands so for me there's
three kinds of postures that I notice
among people while they're stands
there's good posture bad posture extreme
posture and a nice pasture good posture
is good you're sitting up straight your
spine in the lines you look like you
have a British accent at a bad posture
well your back is as straight as a
rainbow you look like you should be in a
bell tower your little hunchback
hey what's up I'm a hunchback whale and
then extreme posture it's when your
posture is so insane and exaggerated you
look like a bird now our first stance
today is when you're standing and you're
hunched over and slouching this means
you're either tired or lazy you may or
may not be unemployed or you just have
some serious back problems and if you're
unemployed and have back problems well
then the bell towers for you
another stance is when you're standing
with your arms crossed in front of your
chest
this means you got a food or to see a
man being too friendly or you're at
middle school and you just hit puberty
so you're starting to sweat produce body
odor and forgot to put on deodorant or
maybe you just have anger management
issues I have anger management issues
the next dance is when you're leaning
with your back against the long bow you
look bad as fool you've won strapped
your backpack and never to go home or
you may be trying to check out a girl or
a guy and we super casual about it I
just took my nose yo sup girl and if you
have a leg up on the wall oh you were
extra bad never joke or maybe just one
of your bikes doesn't work maybe you
have a peg leg i'ma call you piggy
my name is Peggy this is not meant to
offend anybody with a peg leg or Peggy
or Peggy with a peg leg if your name is
peg with peg leg your Twitter may and
better be Peggy lucky welcome now as
you're standing up and you're crossing
your legs like so ah you got pee poop
you got it you got a edge Sultan you got
off pretty or maybe you're just trying
not to pass gas around the guy light
because he just took you out on a date
to Chipotle and you're trying not to
explore yeah oh God another standing
position is when you're leaning against
the wall with your arm up you may be a
construction worker taking a five minute
break while peeking at some girl's booty
while she's walking into a store hey
mommy hey she got a nice body or you're
stressed out I'm putting together a
bunch of furniture from Ikea
and somehow built a chair without using
Bisbee's what another stance is this
wide stance with your hands on your hips
Oh idea oh you run it something you will
fit boy you are probably a really
intense hall monitor at some
in your life you're Clark Kent trying to
show everybody that you're actually
Superman I'm Clark Kent then there's a
generic stance where you're standing
completely straight with your arms down
hi who did you kill today
you look so suspicious anybody stand
like that you look like you're built
like a pencil
I'm not a - a pencil I could use you
like a pool just relax don't stand like
that
it looked crazy just hide the body
you've just killed and just stand like a
normal person standing with your hands
in your pockets huh you may or may not
be removing a frontal wedgie
it happens hmm standing with your hands
crossed in front of you hey there this
means don't touch my feet be standing
with your hands crossed in the back hi
Jim this means
don't touch my football this alright
guys let it go why do people laugh when
they do their outro alright guys but
that's all I have for you guys today if
you enjoyed this video give it a stand
up body language just give it a thumbs
up and please subscribe also please make
sure to check out and follow me on my
other social medias which is in the
description box below oh pretty nice
down here you should go check it out
thank you guys so much for watching and
I'll see you guys next Wednesday what
not and that is life without jump cuts
or editing LeBron girl oh my honey do
you love me you know I love produce puns
aren't you sweet yeah yeah what's
Michelle Obama's favorite vegetable
Baraka Lee
oh but that beat though when the beat
drops
