 something focused on me Thank
You ariana grande yeah what up guys it's
your girl Liza coming at you and welcome
back to my youtube channel today we're
going to the grocery store and I got my
reward
good let's go what up you're attached to
my shopping cart so we are inside of a
Ralph's grocery store right now and
welcome to grocery shopping with Liza
there is so much stuff you can buy here
it's not so guys the key to the grocery
store is to never go grocery shopping
when you're hungry you will literally
buy everything off the shelves am i
hungry right now
Oh
Ameena yeah I'm freaking starving so
here's a fun fact about Liza she's
lactose intolerant and sometimes she
talks in third person so being lactose
intolerant my body has trouble digesting
lactose which is the sugar found in
dairy products and my body is kind of
stupid and struggles to produce an
enzyme called lactase which breaks down
lactose now that's some science sucka as
my condition stopped me from living life
to the fullest and eating dairy products
not at all let's go Ralph's gonna piss
so anyway being at the grocery store
well your how did I get an alcohol out
minor and possession minor in possession
oh don't drink and drive kids leases
though I did not expect that
selfie in a grocery store cheese and
yeah and yeah and yeah and yeah and yeah
and yeah onion
I told you guys I look like a potato
family photo actually have so many jokes
about potatoes but I just don't know
where to start so I try to live the
healthiest lifestyle oh ho ho ho I do my
best to feel my body foods that are
nourishing and good for me your body is
a machine you have to give it the proper
fuel ha ha ha
and the more colorful your diet is the
better shucks ash when I come to the
grocery store I do my best to look cute
because you'll never know who you're
gonna meet
making sure you have enough vegetables
in your diet is a very credible I got
mad single wheels
get it you're independent oh good boy
book wit will come by say hi hello hey
now you're coming to our biz ha ha
well this is annoying there's too many
options for serials and now I don't know
which one I want to get serial ously
self-checkout
all the good it's time for prozis fun I
find you very appealing I feel like we'd
make a great pair honey do you love me
you know I love produce puns aren't you
sweet Dana what's Michelle Obama's
favorite vegetables broccoli oh but that
beat though when the beat drops okay
seriously let us talk about how there's
so many people in this Ralph's right now
I mean there's literally not mushroom up
in here kind of like a party turnout are
you guys impressed with how many puns I
came up with in the produce section
because I am this is a sweet potato I am
confused why they don't have PM's here
my name is live my name is life being
around all this food has made me very
very very hungry
that's all happy guys today thank you so
much for watching even if you don't like
puns give it a thumbs up because it was
pretty great hey what's up it's a little
brown girl before so like this little
brown girl for that said little brown
girl out so here I am saying little
brown girl out oh wait just kidding
little brown girl's back in oh now
little brown girl base Oh see y'all next
Wednesday with Liza and sometimes we
like to joke around switch from side to
side it makes it more entertaining keeps
you guessing where am I gonna be next ya
never know don't ask me how I got up
here
yeah I'm gonna use that that's so weird
this guy's wanting a camera recording
himself in a grocery store minor and
possession minor in possession
