you know I took the label off of this
but we all still no it's go good go hey
guys what up
it's your girl Liza coming - I think I
just got a very yeah yeah whoa thank God
I wasn't winning oh I was not expecting
you well at least you're not expecting
that's right you're the closest I'll get
to having a kid I am it's gonna be great
happy birthday Greg next month nice
package oh no thanks I might stick
around for a week or so do you like it
that crap oh you already made a scene so
sure thanks dude your advertiser
friendly liquid all over my pad oh my
god it's such an accurate representation
of the period blood I know and I'm
pretty sure I just bled through my pants
- really hey guys hope you enjoyed me
talking to my vagina version of myself
look I'm not gonna beat around the bush
anymore I'm gonna get straight to the
point blank period today I'm talking
about period now look if you don't know
what a period is it's basically a
woman's eggs get scrambled once a month
or weightloss get crank Sirocco wrong
personally I feel moody hungry or sad on
my period I feel like that all the time
my boobs don't feel sensitive over a
period I feel nothing because I don't
have special large underwear for my
period I always wear special large ones
it's not my period it's just me Peter no
I've shared with you my most
embarrassing periods two three years ago
this is what I said what was your most
embarrassing period story good okay so
there was just one time I was in English
class and we're sitting down writing a
paper and I was finishing off writing my
last sentence and I get up and I look
down and realize and I didn't put a
period at the end of my sentence but now
that I'm older and less mature I'm
finally ready to open up let me tell you
about the first time I just
now this is a story of how I remember
that day November 4th 2008 there's no
flashback I'm just being extra but it
was election day our first male model
and 44th US President Barack Obama was
elected at all that's a history was made
in my pile I got my first period but
also everybody had asked my friend and
pillow blood sister if she had anything
would she let me borrow a tampon I would
never return I also do we know that you
had to change your tampon so I thought I
was set for the week I was thinking I'll
just keep it in there for next month you
know they will say that i religiously
use Tampax sport I'm not athletic above
but you're like the plague in for
example when I'm on my period and I
sneeze when I cough periods can be
pretty done there really can be periods
are my favorite excuses to be
anti-social and being on your period
it's kind of like your birthday
celebrating off your period I like to
celebrate but mine my boyfriend touch me
wearing white pants and sneezing and
munching myself in the gut without
exploding so that is all I have for you
guys today thank you guys so much for
washing your uterine line I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and if you did
please make sure to give it a big thumbs
up because if it wasn't for menstrual
cycle with me here
little Tampa is oh just getting that
stone sighs bye
oh I can tell I'm really bleeding or not
everything's red
