I'm doing something really exciting it's
saying stuff that's really creative to
show you how funny I can be within the
first 10 seconds of this video that way
you stay here when you're probably gonna
exit out don't do it
yeah hi guys what's up it's Eliza and
thank you for coming I look bold cuz I
have a bug today I'm wearing a cute
little crops up with some really weird
pants because I only need to dress my
torso because in a YouTube video you
never see the lower half of my body
otherwise you would think this is what
oh my god wouldn't this what is that I
mean when you really think about it
youtubers never have to dress the lower
half of their body because it's never
showing they might not even be wearing
pants for all you know have I done that
before for a YouTube video no call dad
anyways today I'm going to be talking
about typical YouTube videos now I'm not
trying to generalize youtubers in any
kind of way these are just a couple of
things that I've noticed that are common
among us when we make these YouTube
videos of us talking to ourselves
YouTube is awesome the creators are dope
and the power of editing can make you
feel like a wizard Harry let's start the
videos somehow on YouTube our videos and
our personalities are really over
exaggerated will you feel a little more
vibrant to keep things exciting keep you
entertained sucka but we over exaggerate
like our intros hey guys what's up its
life but today we're gonna do a lot of
things on my channel a lot of things I
mean we're literally kind of like online
cheerleaders make sure to LIKE and
subscribe counter we're good now the
editing of our videos is also very
insane and very over exaggerated we
really like zooming in on things whether
on ourselves or something in the
background or just doing it for emphasis
but sometimes it's for literally no
reason I don't even know why it's stop
stop oh god it's still going isn't it
whoo yeah claustrophobic also a lot of
YouTube videos are edited as jump cuts
jump cuts is the term
for the quick editing that we do kind of
like this basically when we can't speak
English in full sentences so we cut it
all together to make it sound like we're
educated but I mean we do it because no
one likes to hear that awkward silence
between things that we have to say you
know I'm saying and sometimes we like to
joke around switch from side to side it
makes it more entertaining keeps you
guessing where am I gonna be next ya
never know
don't ask me how I got up here we also
enjoy editing our background music for
dramatic effect what does that mean oh
I'll tell you what that means
it's when you saying something really
serious and you quiet the background
music for dramatic effect you know what
I'm saying oh my god is it my breath OH
oh my god it smells like Satan hold on I
gotta fix this I bet it oh I'm good
anyways we have music in the background
of our videos and whenever there's
something serious or a punch line you
stop the music to put emphasis on what
we're saying like right now in this
moment but knowing right now I like
right now but like now but actually
that's so much right now but like right
now it can be really funny and
especially help emphasize punchlines
oh well bad it was worth the pun so a
lot of youtubers like to make their
videos very vibrant and colorful the
videos tend to be really overexposed and
the saturation is very exaggerated I
don't know what the heck I was saying
but I'm freaking out over our Jed look I
look like a sweet baked potato sometimes
when we use bad words that our mommies
with spank us for we use the tripleta
mouth I mean we all know what the we're
saying you could literally see my
fucking mouth while this sound is going
off but we still use the mother but you
I said
curse you Liza editing miss Anson few
tubers do these blog videos a lot of the
time by themselves they'll turn
themselves into a character or another
person just by standing off to the other
side of the screen hey cutie as your
YouTube video going oh my gosh stop you
know I get nervous when you're around
alright I'm sorry I'll go but give me a
kiss first on camera all right blow or
maybe it's just me so that's all I have
for you guys today
once again I do all the stuff myself so
this is not to offend any youtubers or
YouTube these people people who watch
YouTube you you to B's you to please
anyways if you like this video
uh-huh please make sure to like it
subscribe comment I spit all over the
lens I'm sorry feel free to comment some
other things you've seen youtubers or
myself do on their videos I'll see you
guys next Wednesday lesson little brown
girl jump cut out oops I disappeared
power of editing your wizard Harry
British accent hello I'm from Britain
I'm letting you know now if you approach
me with this accent
I swear I'm already in love with you
fresh that was a good impression oh
here's some random footage I'm gonna
include at the back of the video because
I thought it was cute and funny and woo
yeah nice what is it gonna end
I don't know you're still watching it
though hey the ends now just kidding who
thought it was now ends okay
