I had coffee before I started this video
hey I'll be right back
we good light a theme music yeah hey
guys what's up it's your girl Liza
coming at you and welcome back to my
youtube channel so I know you're
wondering why I found extremely sexy
raspy attractive I'm sick I always get
sick I need to go check I ain't go take
my vitamins vitamin C kids take two a
day
yeah sure do it
families are going to be very healthy
well I'm going to throw up in the middle
of this video anyway today's video is
going to be all about accents and
impressions now I love characters and
accents and impressions even if I suck
at doing them but this video is not
meant to offend anybody or any culture
or any race in any way and if you are
offended by it please give it a thumbs
up what know reverse psychology sucker
and with that let's start some accents
Russian oh wow you are a beautiful girl
I would marry you but I will take my
time no rushing around Scottish if you
had the chance to change your fate
which doctor is Barney I better like I
love Mexican food o seekers like I
lactose-intolerant
so it gives me like really bad gas and I
get a lot of bubbles in my des DNA's oh
by the way I have a special guest today
who happens to look just like me but all
like it's a different person hold on
I'll be right back I'm a go-getter
oh yeah mommy it's me Carlos
I'm new to this to me mommy so I told I
said I'll bring me back I never left
baby I know I do I'm a goat if I don't
like I shaved you for June you like baby
face or do you just like babies cuz we
can make those - you wanna all day
anyways life is looking really fine
right now so I go over there say a mommy
so imma see you guys later okay okay bye
back to the actor New York
I'm from New York I am walking here I'm
Georgie here I'm running here Sara here
Carlos here George I'm here British
accent hello overbred I'm letting you
know now if you approach me with this
accent
I swear I'm already in love with you
crash that was a good impression we we
we we we we we we we we I swear the only
thing I know how to pronounce properly
in French is they lyrics from Lady
Marmalade you Christina Aguilera mile
okay Managua oh dang that was good okay
so I know that there's means something
dirty but I don't really know what it is
so I'm about to look this up how do you
spell little coucher avec loss as well
Oh
we were Canadian all you maybe a hundred
feet away but I'm gonna stand there and
open the door for you because I'm
incredibly nice
I kept me at it absolutely nothing did
you just step on my brand-new white
shoes he's the bottom of your shoe okay
southern hey y'all I'm from Texas and
people think that would talk like this
but we really don't but anyway
I'm from Houston Texas like Beyonce yall
already know what's coming to New Jersey
I just bought this ah Canyon I hope
somebody gets that any poison that I met
from Joisey doesn't even sound like this
but it sounds like you love hair gel in
there
I let me see your report card baby did
you make daddy proud
okay very good really food huh
what is this what you got tubby
huh you got to be kidding me you are
going tonight daddy no where did you get
that spoon from I had it in my back
pocket just in case you turned out
stupid I can totally mess with this
accent because I'm actually Indians Oh
spices Oh Angela these somebody said you
would boy Carlos I will beat you with
this hot sauce either a prayer or a
promise do by exit this is kind of like
another Indian accent but then little
bit different because from Dubai and if
you don't know where Dubai is oh my god
use Google American hey what's up July
for barbecue hot dogs crop tops beer
murca italiana pizza I want the piece of
pizza go give me a piece of pizza please
Leaning Tower of Pisa Irish boy the luck
of the Irish where is me pot of gold in
me lucky charms oh I'd love to say kiss
me I'm Irish
Irish I was Irish youtuber hey guys
what's up its and welcome back to my
channel today we're gonna do the home 1
challenge and I have a special guest
with me was little ace alright guys so
that's all the accidents I can do right
now I know most of them really sucked
but if I miss any or if you want to see
me try any other ones leave them in the
comments below and I hope you guys
really enjoyed this video and if you did
please give it a big thumbs up and
subscribe I also know they took offence
of this video as I am just yelling 1 Oh
what kind of accent was that I also get
weird on all my other social medias and
my links are in the description below go
check it out no mum well see you guys
mix Wednesday with lime so this little
brown girl is out okay this way just
kidding it this way okay bye something
else that doesn't make sense
have a good one it's when you're having
a conversation with someone and you're
starting to wrap it up and you end it
with yeah it was nice to meet you man
have a good one have a good war
