thanks for coming out to my bean green
yeah I'm gonna relax the jib we're gonna
in New York never die we're going to
Japan
New York's right there we're going this
way
duty
David's over here vlogging about how New
York isn't that cool
I think it's pretty cool that's why I
wait I swear where we at right now
extreme combos now where are we gonna go
make that if I'm Gabi my just out to
dinner right now me a fancy one over on
the buter some Rockies
it's jiggling
you fuckin with me cuz open her mind up
to a whole new world don't you dare
close your eyes so many other fishes now
hey everybody flies that's bloody blind
are you panders from vine you are Panda
you do the vine videos' oh man you look
just like it I thought it would do as
when you love God you don't know what's
gotten for me I'll stop vlogging don't
tell me what to do look someone just
left this free drink over here oh I
don't like lemonade
oh these guys are so skinny hey you guys
remember this ready you just ordered a
coffee are the cups complimentary Oh
mother speaker thank you thank you for
the first laughter okay then do me what
oh you guys found the right one
I want to start vlogging
don't nobody will watch him yeah you
will
well I like it though psyche - thoughts
and other people you go fuck I like your
skirt hey chill dawg Waldo I've been
looking for you my whole childhood
except a twin I wanna be in there hey
what's up guys and I'm a meet and greet
for streamcon right now
kind of awkward cuz I'm vegetarian are
you going yours yeah the blogging
Gabby's my god fucking you got like
inception women right now I'm going to
show you everyone that's waiting for
Liza so that's that's everyone else's
line that flies us that woman right
there she's the only one way to provide
this is mine you realize that right this
is my boyfriend he's still mines and you
steal my going on video at you what's
that on your upper lip bro it's a little
shiny oh it's uh it's a chicken grease
it's baffling mistaking like hey guys it
is recording it homie something happens
and hoping something happens something
happen so what you're treating in New
York right now and everybody's dressed
as New Yorkers ah you're so clever and
love you oh hey what's up guys so I suck
at vlogging totally wore my Halloween
outfit today took it off put it back on
just like to show you some sick of the
vlog anyways today was Jim Dunn and I
had a very last-minute outfit and a red
marker a red marker and a tank top
and this is love did Netflix and chill
she's so clever
I know Halloween what's the add your lid
please look at that Walgreens dressed up
at CVS one last night it was a Halloween
who let the dogs out hey what's up you
got mushroom in there
you got mushroom back I love Kentucky
right - yeah I feel like through my bag
swipe oh my god
let's go get it
oh yeah New York who D is I like to
thank everyone for coming here you said
thanks
about what I don't get it
hi oh look a TD faction I like that calm
it's the cutest bus I've ever seen if
you didn't get that it's cutie drink
drink
eat eat they must be vegetarian I mean
they're gonna put a leash accuse
concrete jungles over there so it's
literally just gonna be my voice it's
probably just my voice isn't it hey guys
you guys I'm just flying all by standing
still
David David David what are you doing
good I'm trying to wrap this up I'm
leaving the airport but it's not
happening so I'm gonna do the intro I
mean outro somewhere else you look like
a white peanut David go go to the outro
- yeah joke guys thanks for watching
licensed y um make sure you guys follow
her on Twitter thanks for watching make
sure to keep dose it down a little bit
thank you thanks for watching make sure
you like if this guy ever call you baby
Piper Huson or whatever other big stuff
not David yeah anything to add David
follow my youtube at can watch it and
even have to edit it me when I was young
I used to think that everybody's Dookie
was skydiving 6000 C and landing on
something or someone below I used to see
planes in the sky and think oh my god
it's gonna crap wanna and now that I'm
older and I know it doesn't do that I'm
just wondering why they don't flush like
regular toilets in
