things that don't make sense this would
be dollars please keep watching the
video yeah hey guys what's up its your
girl Liza coming at you I have friends
bad friends no it was just my mom though
as of you guys may know I moved out
recently and now look this breath
I got furniture any cool welcome back to
my channel today I'm going to be talking
to you guys about things that don't make
sense okay I'm done so here we go number
font airplane toilets I just don't get
it where is it going when I was young I
used to think that everybody's Dookie
was skydiving 6000 C and landing on
something or someone below I used to see
planes in the sky and think oh my god
it's gonna crop wanna and now that I'm
older and I know it doesn't do that I'm
just wondering why they don't flush like
regular toilets then why does it have to
make the scariest freakin sound to
over-exaggerated and I'm over here
backing up into the corner at this tiny
airplane restroom and even now I still
question if I'm gonna get sucked down
the toilet
speaking of toilets automatic toilets
although this makes perfect sense
I hate touching the toilet handle good
job automatic toilet centers so sticker
but what doesn't make sense is when it
flushes in the middle of nowhere while
you're taking care of business and it
scares the crap out of you literally and
when you're done and you want it to
flush it does then you're forced to
press that little flush button with
everybody's doing crumbs on it now it's
not even
take my sticker pick something else that
doesn't make sense
have a good one it's when you're having
a conversation with someone and you're
starting to wrap it up and you end it
with yeah it was nice to meet you man
have a good one have a good war and even
though it makes no sense I say it all
the time
it's kind of like a mystery have a good
one or two or three another thing that
doesn't make sense to me is when people
type lol after every text okay yeah I do
this to you and I know it's to keep it
like text conversation like harder than
like but that's the peasant but think
about it in real life it's strange hey
what's up nothing much
haha what about you
oh just laughing at nothing that's weird
something else that doesn't make sense
why am i fighting tall I mean I guess
the answer is in my genes oh it's not
yeah I made a button like that what's up
Jordan follow me on Devon though
okay so just kidding me being five feet
tall is a personal issue but I'm cute
you know it bro something else that
doesn't make sense saying bless you when
you sneeze
now I admitted this in another youtube
of mine but yeah it really doesn't make
sense my mouth had a spasm and I expect
everybody around me to bless me with the
power of Jesus oh and if you don't you
just rude but doesn't make senses I have
no idea why we don't bless each other
when we call and when you bless somebody
when they cough and you thought they
sneezed they get offended bless you
umm I coughed I have anger management
issues if you coughin someone blesses
you do just take the blessing breath
another thing that makes no sense
when autocorrect randomly capital
an entire work yes I've made a vine like
this too doing it follow me on vine
hahaha and when it does this neither
sound like you have anger management
issues or like you're way too overly
excited about life hey you want to go
get some food yeah sure okay I'll see
you soon I'm on my way
never mind you can see that I turned my
fan on cuz I got really sweaty and I
need some deodorant deodorant another
thing that doesn't make sense I don't
get how planes fly or how boats float
but that's just science and I'm so bad
at science I am NOT a scientist I am so
sorry Dougy
another thing that doesn't make sense is
why wisdom teeth are called wisdom teeth
literally don't need them they don't
provide you've any kind of intelligence
and you actually get them removed
because they're jacking up your teeth
not even trying to eat funny they're
dumb they're really dumb it should be
called dumb teeth another thing I said
SMX and stop the game of rock paper
scissors rock beats scissors okay I
don't know what kind of psychopath you
are to take the time to feed a pair of
scissors with a rock but okay scissors
cuts paper normal okay paper beats Rock
what's that rock just beat the crap out
of some scissors but it's going to be
defeated by a piece of paper what kind
of looks like an eating girlfriend oh
that girl you want a Netflix and chill
oh let's cuddle make sense now so that's
all I have for you guys today about
things that don't make sense if you guys
have some things that don't make sense
to you please let me know in the
comments below also if you enjoyed this
video please like it cuz I mean it
wouldn't make sense if you didn't okay
I'm done also if you would like to see
what I look like as a man please click
the description below for a link to my
last video all my social media links are
in there too come on click it I'll see
you
as next Wednesday will last little brown
girl out hey I'm dressed up for
Halloween fool you know do you like my
costume check it out is it Superman
you want to be like my my Wonder Woman
cuz I wondering what kind of woman you
are you more
