what what the heck hey guys what's up
I've been lost in there for the past
week yeah hey guys what's up it's a girl
Liza coming at you welcome back to my
youtube channel you like my shirt I made
it myself look at it what's up boo
so I know Halloween is right around the
corner and you guys are looking for some
DIY do-it-yourself cute makeup tutorials
for your Halloween costumes right today
I'm gonna show a lot of smokin here
today I'm gonna show you guys a
step-by-step tutorial I'm about to
transform into a man so I decided to
share with you guys today how to become
a dude 101 yeah yeah for this tutorial
okay so I don't usually do makeup
tutorials this is about to give very
ratchet we'll see how this turns out
yeah well it didn't turn out so well
thank God for voiceover huh on trees
literally all you need for this entire
tutorial is just some black eye shadow
could be any brand any price you could
buy at the tallest oh here is mine whoop
there it is NYX NYX smokey palette is
what I'm using and I'm using only the
black eyeshadow but on let's take a
second and look at her isn't she's so
cute especially when she don't speak
English ah ha ha ha
I may just stop talking out of nowhere
and now that's where the voiceover will
be ah that's me so we're going to take
the black color of the smokey kit and
just put your finger in it that's what
he said wait what hello so all you want
to do is take your eyeshadow and draw
along your jaw line and begin to fill it
in
excuse me but just continue drawing your
beard as much as you want my brother I
don't know why I do this every Halloween
this brings me too much pleasure to
dress up as a man but why you low-key
look like Jesus you may start to see me
look like Jesus what I just said that oh
my gosh we have so much in common so now
that we have our beard ready we're
actually going to define our beard using
Maybelline Color tattoo 24 out 24 hours
and this is where she knew she missed
oh yeah no I'm a complete idiot for
buying something that says 24 hours and
says tattoo and I put it on my face as a
beard by the way it stayed on for 48
hours 48 hours so we're going to take
this little stick and we're going to rub
it all up in this 24 hour thing that's
going to stay on my face for two
freaking days for two freaking days the
state on my face yeah no please do not
use this product it is a bad idea I
don't know why I did this
cuz want to be a fresh-looking bro yeah
no stupid bad idea boom camera change so
here's an up close shot of the style of
my beard this took forever I have OCD
haha finally yeah we're moving on
SunGard I have a palette of person on
manlius eyebrows of all time and I'm
about to destroy
he's very fleek eyebrows do you know how
long this took the paint on already he's
already been real now we're about to
grab our brush about to destroy these
eyebrows cue the sad music
but then I realized I'm a cute dude okay
oh sub ladies but yeah I'm just using a
standard eyeshadow brush I believe the
one that I'm using is elf and I'm also
using the black eyeshadow from the NYX
palette that I showed you earlier to
draw on these manly fleek eyebrows baby
girl noises now we're going to take our
concealer I'm using Maybelline we want
concealer and we're going to actually do
a couple cuts in the eyebrow cuz some
dudes have that and I want to rock them
so I'm gonna do it do it
whoops I messed up sorry mom so
basically I'm just taking a makeup wipe
and wiping two cuts in my eyebrow then
I'm going to go bad I was ready want to
go back with a concealer and cover those
cuts to make them look more like flesh
you know creepy yeah once you got that
covered
hahaha makeup jokes me slap take your
fingers that need a refill and blend the
concealer into your skin so yes I know
I'm beginning to look extremely sexy now
I'm going to pull my hair back into a
little bun
maybe a man bun chicks dig it bruh most
girls on Halloween or why not really
cutesy sexy outfits like a little maid
or police UPS and I'm over here left
with slow babies so I'm going to come
back and show you guys the full outfit
with the beanie with the brooch you're
gonna see it I'll just be right back
okay I'm ready
I go pass up ladies haha what it though
I mean really am I not cute try not to
kiss your screen hey Becca don't get too
close I know I'm really sexy I know here
I'll show you the full outfit right now
here we go
oh thank you thanks thanks bro my head I
got it I got it so this okay I got two
hats on for no reason I got multiple
layers on even though it's summer I'm
really hot I didn't put on deodorant
oops ha and um when I see what the party
I'm gonna be like a girl
looking really cute what you dressed up
as huh I like Koran fit you're looking
like a Disney princess or something you
look like you need a Disney Prince or
something you dressed up as Princess
Jasmine
I could be your Aladdin or something you
want to take a trip on my magic carpet
I'm dressed up for Halloween cool you
know do you like my costume check it out
is it Superman you want to be like my my
Wonder Woman cuz I wondering what kind
of woman you are you more it's getting
really creepy in here and it's not the
graveyard is me Carlos do I look for in
a woman where you know something
geometric you know like Caribbean you
know she has to have the nice angles I'm
a geometry major Alec shapes so Shipley
shape women women shapes booty Amy's
body okay he said no more questions
because he's really intimidated by me
that's why do it yourself Halloween
costume oh you can get all this stuff
all you need is a t-shirt some baggy
jeans from shoes maybe a flannel
a chain you need the chain broke through
the chain and a hat just to cover your
hair that's all you need you're gonna be
really hot but you're gonna be really
hot you know what I'm saying thank you
guys so much for watching
my hat's about to fall off again there
goes all my social medias are in little
description below thank you again to
smash back Studios for letting me use a
really cool set please give me your
thumbs like and subscribe and comment
what you think of Carlos sim would you
take me out on a date you know nothing
we're gonna go chill with some pretty
dead ladies okay bye
hey mama
weren't you going I coming for June
little brown boy oh just kidding it's me
on the voiceover uh-huh thanks guys
little brother out
