so I'm running rolling what I say say if
you say the marker tan than you thought
you got it no uh-uh
yeah marker yeah did I scare you mm hey
guys what's up its your girl Liza coming
at you welcome back to my youtube
channel I'm sure you guys are wondering
where the heck I am right now wondering
myself I actually decorated my entire
apartment for Halloween I know it looks
good right
just kidding I'm actually in Smashbox
Studios right now I know this is really
intense I know you're wondering why you
can see me so clearly well you can hear
me so clearly I'm not taping on a little
baby camera there's two people with
cameras over here
there's a gang with a boom over here
boom guy thank you
I also have a bunch of people back here
watching me talk to myself into a camera
so this is different I'm usually talking
to myself actually a friends now and
when I say something maybe they'll
actually laugh I didn't say anything
funny Halloween's coming up and guys
let's be real
how mean is the weirdest freaking
holiday children dress up in costumes
grab a bag and then go up to random
people's home knock on their door and
demand for candy what who came up with
this my entire childhood I was told not
to talk to strangers especially when
they have candy but now I'm going
straight up to a stranger's home
knocking on their door and telling them
to give me candy this makes no sense
none of those funny thing is we don't
even straight-up ask for candy we say
trick-or-treat what yeah
it's not even a question anymore it's
supposed to be trick-or-treat
it's Jigga tree has anybody ever even
gotten the trick I would be one pissed
magician on Halloween no one wants to
see my tricks and here I thought tricks
were for kids
he's laughing back there sometimes you
barely even get a treat there are three
types of neighbors on Halloween when
you're trick-or-treating there's the
type to give out the best candy
sometimes toys or fruit snacks and
there's the type that gives out carrots
or apples and they're trying to be
healthy
want to smack you with some calories
then there's the type that had the porch
light off and they don't even celebrate
Halloween fun suckers there was also the
neighbors that left a bowl of candy out
for Halloween with a little sign that
said take one please
I usually took the whole bowl they said
take one so I took one mole also I want
to understand why it's found a pond to
go trick-or-treating when you're older
or older than 12 at least I haven't
missed a single year of
trick-or-treating and I'm 19 should I be
proud of that yeah you get to run around
dressed as whatever crazy thing you want
and get bags and bags of free candy
America land of the free candy marker so
we have to retain because we had to get
more fog in here anyways I've been
trick-or-treating for almost 19 years
now let me tell you I have been some
strange things for Halloween strange to
be honest I don't really know what I am
right now these guys put me in this I
think I'm a bird I've never really been
into the whole sexy girly kind of
Halloween costume before and it's not
because I'm built like a little boy and
can't pull that off for Halloween I'd
much rather be something clever come up
with something funny as a costume like
this like that or like these or like
these I just googled these I don't even
know what I'm pointing at right now but
for Halloween I've always dressed as
something ridiculously ugly or
completely opposite of a girl what do
you mean a man one year I was a man and
yes I'm a very attractive man the next
year I was also a man I just like being
a dude okay I get pretty ladies another
year I was I don't know what the heck
that was anyways Halloween you dress up
you run around the neighborhood like a
maniac and you get free candy from
strangers it's the weirdest holiday but
I will never complain about all the
discounted candy that I get from the
store after Halloween's over Oh
oh well that's all I have to say about
Halloween thank you guys so much for
watching please make sure to give this
video a thumbs up look at that set and
please subscribe and a big THANK YOU to
Smashbox two guys for letting me film in
their amazing studio and have high
quality and let my audience see every
imperfection on my face you're like yeah
you look really like a hot mess in this
lighting okay guys I think I'm just
gonna as okay if I walk onto the set
okay I'm just gonna go explore the
graveyard now a little brown girl out
you can turn off the camera any time now
they're going to talk about the perks of
being short and let me tell you there
are a lot of advantages of being short
right
Oswin we're not sure we're fun-sized
yeah like everybody loves fun-sized
candy I could be your white chocolate
even though like I'm not white like I
look like it
I'll be your white fun-sized chocolate
for all you ladies out there see you for
a Pam
