shut up you're not on camera yet no one
can see you no one knows who you are one
knows why I'm on campus Oh true yeah hi
guys it's Liza welcome back to my
youtube channel today I have something
very special for you actually not that
special - pretty average I'm doing my
first collab with hit it agent agent
agent agent agent agent agent agent
agent agent agent agent agent agent
agent it's actually no music playing I
edited the Descent can you go a taser
taser taser taser taser my boy a big
name well no my youtube channel it is an
author he's my first collab on YouTube
ever this is my son actually gonna
really dramatic zoom it's actually gonna
get right up oh my god and Louise today
we're going to talk about the perks of
being short and let me tell you there
are a lot of advantages of being short
right
some swim
we're not sure we're fun-sized yeah like
everybody loves fun size candy I could
be your white chocolate even though like
I'm not white like I look like it I'll
be your white fun size chocolate for all
you ladies out there see you for a man
just one day it's all is on my page
I'm sorry I forgot you can see the
screen yeah it's down there though so
ladies want to hit that up big Nick they
don't call them big for nothing even
though we're talking about how we're
being short I'm 5 feet tall by week
actually and 0.75 inches the quarters of
an inch and that counts see that's what
I mean think it is exact so here you
haven't measure every single everything
I had you turn be my short you can order
off the kids Minh it is dope because
like your other people be paying like
$18 meal with me and I'm paying $5 $5 it
says 12 and under about five feet in
Henry oh yeah then that's what I'm
talking that's what I'm talking yeah
that's what we both talking about so
being short
I get to wear heels and I get to be like
average high kind of thing I'm no I
never have to worry about being too tall
I don't wear heels love I I'm weird
he'll still up alright stay in the video
I will have you ever like tried to fit
yourself inside a suitcase yeah actually
I
myself in a suitcase and it was pretty
funny because I think I did a robot once
you make mine I know actually I don't
mind if you didn't notice I'm kind of
big on MySpace
I because I'm smaller I can fit inside a
doggie door I mean you use the toys
anymore just use your dog store you to
come Stewart being shorter being smaller
we are able to get thin crowds easier we
just maneuvering these people's let like
that mean like right in between your
legs like this
oh whoa check it out Gina's Pamela's
right here oh so what you do what do you
like Jen Italian is that what you're
doing so because we're shorter we stay
looking younger rough as right whoa
so that you're shorter and we can't
reach things people always offer to help
and we don't even have to try go yeah
you got games on your phone you have
games no you you got Tetris Nick you
want some gum
you got Ankerberg please stop
so thanks for smaller and shorter we
don't have a smaller beat I pick a size
five in women and that's awesome because
that means X 6 is 3 and this boy shoes I
think I'm like free wine like oh yeah 3
what yeah I can buy food shoes which is
cheaper I save money on kid shoes and
save money on the kids meals huh I'm
just I'm just an overgrown baby child
don't Nick had to go about yeah you came
back so fast because we're shorter
people actually look down on us all the
time which is a better angle have you
ever noticed that yeah you're over here
exactly
you're gonna forever see us from down
here yes people tend to have longer legs
than us we have to walk that in order to
keep up with them which means more
exercise for us and we burn calories and
we stay looking how we stay looking good
right after look at all those big boys
right
because of our height we're normally in
the front
never be forgotten right there in the
front oh yeah yeah you always know I was
there because bill right there
get in with those good oh we gonna have
a good night
no it would not be make I'm unfollowing
you pretty much those are the perks of
being short and it is awesome learn from
us if you're sure embrace that this is
like it like a short like empowerment
video this is no matter what how you are
even if you're tall even if you're
average height you can have your short
you are a beautiful human being you are
okay so thank you guys so much for
watching we just did a video on Nick's
channel talked about we were talking
about what girls like my guys if you're
a girl and find us a label or if you or
I do and try to get some love
I tell you exactly what girls are
looking for in a guy
true so go check out Nick's channel quit
here's a box around his face go click it
go check it out I can subscribe got it
you know
and I gotta like thank you for 3.5
million Bob
we got 2.7 Bronson yeah I get a small
hug
wait you don't have to point seven yeah
so thanks guys for watching today um
we're gonna pick little brown people out
out out out out out out now out Oh
cheers to get out look rapper app so
basically I haven't eaten for days i
legit have not gone out and bought
groceries yet of all things I should
have got I bought spices
how much more Indian can I get I'm just
going to live up with some spices
no but it's like what are those the no
one knows I'm Kelly I'll pencil day
early
really it's mostly sharp okay it's
sharpie
