hey what's up I talk to myself a lot and
now that I've moved out and lived by
myself I talk to myself a lot more wow
that's really sad yeah I know right okay
you're cute oh hey thanks you too huh
come here you this is sad just cue the
theme music yeah hey guys up it's Liza
and welcome back to my channel somehow
you wind it up here and now there's a
little brown girl on your screen how'd
you feel about that so I know you're
wondering do really quick update for you
I am now a resident of Los Angeles
California I'll be right back I'm gonna
go get my head I'm back and I got my
hair swept yes
I know my place has an echo and the
sound quality of this video probably
sucks but just deal with it not that bad
that bad that bad but yeah now that I'm
a Cali girl I'm gonna go dye my hair
bleach blind and buy myself a skateboard
mainly because I can't afford one of
those magical really hoverboards just
kidding a half one there's so much fun
we go since this is my first time moving
out and living alone I want to show you
guys what it's like and what you can do
alone welcome to living alone live look
except only I'm gonna know what it's
like to live alone with Liza yeah
exactly
oh god it's you again so here are some
things that you can do when you're home
alone living alone or you just frickin
moved in welcome when you're alone you
can talk to yourself which I do all the
time even if I'm in public when you're
alone you can walk around Nick did you
say Nick no I said Nick you can eat
naked you can sleep naked you can shower
naked but I still prefer to wear a
t-shirt anyway but you can do anything
yay when you're alone you can leave the
bathroom door oh there is something so
freeing about taking a pee pee with the
door wide open yeah the door is opening
out pooping and what Oh
the whole house no one Dookie when you
live alone you don't have to keep your
place clean you can be a dirty little
booty smeller and just throw your
clothes anywhere but I mean you're not
gonna even be wearing clothes because
we're gonna be sick
when you live alone you can learn how to
twerk I haven't learned how to twerk
yeah give me some time it just moved
when you live alone you can live
anywhere what do you mean anywhere
anywhere my kitchen I could live there
my living room I could live there my
bathtub I could live there my pantry
could I live there yeah I can meet you
you know what I can fit anywhere I'm
gonna go shove myself into the washing
machine now excuse me well this is a lot
smaller than when you live alone yeah to
feed yourself your mommy here no mo so
basically I haven't eaten for days
i legit have not gone out and bought
groceries yet of all things I should
have bought I bought spices
how much more Indian can I get I'm just
going to live up with some spices no you
know what I'm freaking hungry oh hey
what's up I'm back yes I'm a DD and I
was hungry so I left in the middle of my
YouTube video to go get some Chipotle
nice the lady at Chipotle was like why
are you naked
I said girl chill and live alone she
said okay Chipotle's on me I was like
now don't put Chipotle on yourself I'm
gonna finish this up and then we're
gonna get back to the YouTube video you
gotta my it's all fun and games
Fulham gets to poke layin dry when
you're alone or live alone you can do
yoga for bed be addressed this is
impressive
Oh thou must broke my neck and died on
camera
another thing you can do when you live
alone is have yourself a slip and slide
house covering your floor and olive oil
oh my gosh are you really gonna do that
no yes
let's do it this has to be in focus it's
must be epic okay here I go
and when you're alone you can also clean
your entire floor because you made an
olive oil slip and slide and now your
entire place smells like Olive Garden
that's all I have for you guys today I
got only talked to myself for so long
shut up you know you're gonna talk to me
after this video TRO I hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did please
like instance like or subscribe feel
free to follow my other social medias in
the description below
thank you sue I'll see you next
Wednesday
okay back it's story time with Liza are
you ready
why do I hear small children I'm gonna
tell you guys a really awkward story
that happened to me recently my life is
literally one big awkward moment
