so before I started shooting this
YouTube video I actually drink a coffee
with two shots of espresso in it yeah yo
what up is your girl Liza right now I'm
cracked out on coffee but anyways
welcome back to my youtube channel so I
know my background looks different than
usual
Loki's sitting in a Versace chair and
that's because I'm actually in a hotel
in LA right now and just to give you
guys some news some of you guys may know
I'm from Houston Texas like Beyonce
however this past week I packed up all
my stuff and made the move out here to
LA oh well this is kind of awkward so
because I'm crackdown on coffee I'm just
gonna go ahead and tell you guys a
couple stories some embarrassing stories
of mine that I feel like sharing with
you guys today it's story time with Liza
are you ready why do I hear small
children I'm gonna tell you guys a
really awkward story that happened to me
recently my life is literally one big
awkward moment but anyways I went on a
trip to New York recently okay this
makes sense now and when I go on these
trips I typically go by myself so I
don't have anybody to talk to I mean
what can I say I have no friends so I
had to keep myself entertained in my
hotel room so you know I'm on snapchat
and if you follow me on snapchat you
know I do like weird rants and just talk
to myself add me on snapchat
yeah some on snapchat and I'm making
silly videos in my room and I'm
obviously talking to myself as I am
right now
I guess I'm being kind of loud and
obnoxious and for some reason the
frickin walls of the hotel room are
paper-thin note to hotels do not make
your walls paper-thin because I thought
there was construction going on next
door all night
it was not construction going on next
door all night and all of a sudden I
hear a knock on my door so I opened it
up and it's some man from down the hall
and he says hi would you all mind
keeping it down we can hear you guys
next door he said y'all and you guys oh
and then he kind of peers in the room
and I think he looked around and
realized I was alone and I just looked
back at him and said
yeah no problem we can do that he just
looked at me back like okay have a good
night
no he didn't do that he didn't do that
so thanks guys for encouraging me to
talk to myself into a camera I'm
extremely obnoxiously so people come to
come up to my door and I taught me that
shop I'm honestly surprised nobody has
come to me right now because I'm doing
the exact same thing you want another
story okay where are the kids
so here's how I discovered that burps
have a smell now you know that gas farts
they smell you know I didn't know that
burps smelled I thought you could only
smell it not like the people around you
could smell it so anyways I was in the
car one time with my ex-boyfriend we had
just gone out to eat someone Chinese
food or something thank you so I burped
and a couple seconds later he says bro
did you fart and I was like no I'm a
burped
who's that bro yo it smells like you
just farted I was like no that came out
of my mouth like what I didn't even know
you could smell that I mean I wasn't
dieting barest I mean he was my
boyfriend smelled my burps boo but I
mean yes so just a lesson for you guys
burps smell and apparently like booty so
yeah those are two random kind of
embarrassing awkward moment stories that
I have for you guys today please let me
know if you'd like to see more I haven't
even told you my most embarrassing one
yet but if you enjoyed this video please
like and subscribe and I'll see you guys
next Wednesday
with legs a little brown girl out Oh
for for school project
