haha hey guys it's appetizers oh that
was another driving with laughs that you
just got played sugar
you guessed it well you were wrong man
and then not today and the time kid
another time today we're going to target
dang it
forgot my grocery list
yeah-ah target the story walk into
wanting one thing and you end up buying
everything the amount of times I've
wanted to make a quick trip the target
and ended up staying for hours I'll tell
myself you want me to pick up some
laundry detergent and some shampoo but
then I end up buying two new bathing
suit ABS a new dress eight bottles of
shampoo and conditioner had a coupon a
pool noodle a lawn mower and three baby
outfits I don't even have a frickin baby
but for some reason I'm able to convince
myself that I need all these freaking
things but I'm also addicted to shopping
and have no self-control but that's a
different story
anyways welcome to Target with Liza I
have no idea why I'm here or what I'm
doing here but I can guarantee you my
wallet will be empty after checkout by
the way I also look crazy at Target
talking to myself in a camera while
pushing a cart around so I hope you
enjoyed this video
50% off shoes does anybody else go to
the gift card section and just read
those funny birthday cards and laugh at
them by yourself
any friends you are never too old for
the toy section wait this isn't a toy
there's way too many people in this
target for me to film this comfortably
I'm gonna let y'all in on a little
secret
i buy the men's graphic t-shirts from
Target all the time depicting funny and
cute like look it up Rick and Mister
Rogers think it's all good in the hood
plus they're big and comfortable and I
don't have a boyfriend to steal them
from so I just buy them for myself it's
genius right no but seriously
for for school project let's go see
what's going down in the dollar section
shall we
am I the only person who gets insanely
excited to hit up the dollar section
I mean I'm Indian so I love a good deal
I mean who doesn't
but be careful dude I have spent over
$50 in the dollar section before you
think oh just a dollar for this what a
deal with any by another thing for a
dollar and another thing for dollar and
then another thing that's randomly
priced at two dollars and 50 cents I
thought this was a dollar section target
what's that all about target anyways you
buy enough things for a dollar you're
gonna end up asking people for a dollar
you know what I am let's go see what
they got though guys they got beats by
dre of the dollar section this is genius
this is I'm getting this I swear this
video is not a promo for target but
their stuff so freaking cute I don't
think any Twitter has this big of a
smile and this much wind in their hair
at school so my mom always told me that
riding on the back of carts was
dangerous but uh mom I here right now
huh boobies hey guys what's up oh my god
I'm a ten year old boy oh man I went a
little bit of my eyebrow on it
ooh but don't even get me started on
targets clothes fucking love target
needs name-brand
when you have tarjay let's go to the
videos cuz I got some stuff to dry out
he's cute
can can you envision turtle if you can
rock a pair these leggings without
looking insane I respect you and
somebody tell me if boyfriend jeans are
supposed to make you look like you have
a little boy thing
I did end up spending $44 when I walked
in there wanting and needing nothing
literally looked like the most insane
person talking to myself in a camera at
Target so please give this a thumbs up
and please subscribe or if you have any
other ideas of places that I should go
comment below thank you guys so much for
watching see you next uh once I would
like that little brown girl out it's not
worth it and it doesn't make you any
better of a person than she is
counteract her negativity by spreading
your positive vibes thoughts and
messages and with that I'm done talking
about this video and what I really have
to say starts now
