yeah hey guys what up it's a girl lies
come o come with your head you little
bug him back to my youtube channel
I've noticed that having a pet helps to
abuse but having David hasn't really
helped that much so today I'm gonna go
get another I'm excited to pay for a
friend I'm going in a replica so I want
to try something new it's been hard
choosing a passive no race but you're
gonna get a title
why because but I wanted to get a pet
that I can relate to a little shy little
smile call blood they're kind of like me
hard shell on the outside but soft and
tender on the inside
I'm pretty sure I just described a talk
so welcome to big duck it's like
finding Nemo but with less copywriters
you know since we are looking for my son
I want to be respected as a father I am
going to wear a turtleneck
I am you know I'm one of his kind well I
haven't feel comfortable around us dead
it so let's go find Chuck
here we go with the team okay we're here
at no promo yeah baby pick up okay a
low-budget zoo you get to see how the
animals feel freaky figure out why I put
my hand here they all follow I am son of
the site David like sperm cells this is
the effect I have on men so he's an
introvert like me got a big head there
buddy he looks like a super judgmental
chinchilla like this chinchilla looks
like a school bully oh my God he's
staring into my soul I'm gonna crack
this fishes been trying to socialize
Rochelle so you won't shine girl blows
shells that you
oh my god he's coming with me that's how
come he wants attention oh that's
definitely my son and now that we got
the turtles let's go home shall we
I'm sorry we show yeah we found taco
so taco is the male's got that taco beat
just sexualize the turtle but I had to
get my taco a little hot sauce so taco
meat Michelle got a great dad I bought
them some toys let me show you what I
got I got the little ball check this out
that's my son I got him a collar in case
he runs away I also got a militia from
stated I also got him a second
girlfriend she's a little fake but she's
from Hollywood and I know they need
exercise you do so I got I'm gonna be
easy look at him running away and
working out I'm gonna keep this for
myself mother of dragon - I'm my better
kodos my name is DC yeah yeah yeah I'm
so good with kids he's so cute he looks
just like me ever since family no give
Michelle however trying to convince me
to go outside you didn't have to go out
she was post on social media instead me
look what does take a snapchat look it's
a snapping turtle anything man I
actually don't know if they're important
boyfriend they're brother and sister
maybe some incest going on here I got a
funny juice my first one this whole
video turtles got in a fight that one
turtles they do the other Golders you
know so that's all good enough for you
guys that goes inside his taco box right
now being good like a break now - he's a
little crazy like his mama hey I'm gonna
put you outside well we'll check out the
same parenting techniques as my parents
I'm gonna go put them back before you
call CPS this video if you did please
make sure to give it a big thumbs and
I'll see you guys next Wednesday with
Liza they just look like there's bye
just to clarify this is a temporary tank
it's way too small hoods which is like
they're gonna be moving to a much bigger
home for now I'm gonna keep them humble
we want to go for a walk
no sure doesn't that's my son right now
we go to crazy cat lady I'm actually
allergic to cats which explains why I'm
sure here we go one thing indeed here we
go with the lean green ninja team on the
same school with Snoopy here we go with
the link green ninja team on its
influence in here we go with some lean
green as a team on the scene cool teenz
to an inch of things so extremes out the
sewer light laser beams
