hey guys what's up it's Liza now this
week's Wednesday with Liza is going to
be a little different because I'm
starting off this video angry and I
don't get angry often because my one
hope and goal is to spread positivity
through my videos online but right now
the land of YouTube is raging with
negative vibes over this body shaming
video called dear fat people now I'm not
going to mention the name of the
youtuber that produced this video nor am
I going to link it increasing their
views and spreading this negative
message that goes against everything I
personally practice and preach so if you
want to go investigate and see this
video for yourself I can't stop you
don't go please watch this first when
you do see this video I hope and pray
that you have more emotional stability
than I do because I took such offense to
this video because I personally have had
body image issues and still have them to
this day and that's something that I'm
still working on myself so I was in Fury
infuriated Phoebe I speak English
infuriated maybe not I was infuriated my
initial response was anger I couldn't
understand how a human being could be so
outspoken and so judgmental about others
about other human beings it was claimed
to be comedy or a satire and personally
I didn't find it comedic in the
slightest but when you do react to this
video do not shame her as she has shamed
an entire group of people as much as I
love the Internet this is what it feeds
into yes you're angry and yes you
disagree I understand but don't lower
yourself to her standards by hating on
her too and reacting and commenting and
calling her a stupid ugly looking like
wheat straight mayonnaise out the jar
mother it's not worth it and it doesn't
make you any better of a person than she
is
counteract her negativity by spreading
your positive vibes thoughts and
messages and with that I'm done talking
about this video and what I really have
to say starts now dear
people whether you're fat tall skinny
short young old black white blue purple
green yellow little brown girl who makes
the videos we are people I'm so tired of
seeing such sheer hate on hate online
and in person for that matter now I know
the world isn't a bunch of rainbows and
butterflies and unicorns that poop
cupcakes but with a little power that I
am so blessed to have on social media I
want to send a positive message to my
audience
just as any social influencer wishes to
do so people lift each other up
encourage one another support each other
if your friend has a dream or goal
encourage them so chase it to make it
happen help them make it happen text
them saying I believe in you write them
a little note that says you can do it
nothing means more than having the
people you love support you and believe
in you so don't put people down what do
you get out of hating on other people
noting that time and that energy you
spend hating on them is time you could
have been using to work on becoming your
best self I don't know about you but I'm
feeling 22 I don't know about you but I
am always looking to improve myself and
become a better version of my former
self
I just keep updating like an iPhone
update I'm fixing on my bugs and my
glitches almost like you're just gonna
keep updating until you're perfect no
perfection does not exist and we live in
such a social media crazed world where
we're constantly commenting and saying
you're literally perfect
you are flawless and I say it myself I
know mine I'm working on that updating
updating and flawless it's those very
flaws that make you beautiful that makes
you special and makes you unique so
embrace those flaws and by flaws I mean
uneven eyebrows or uneven skin or if you
don't think your nose is pretty the
little things that we nitpick and that
we hate about ourselves when really we
should be embracing them because
you were made that way and what's
imperfect is what is natural and that's
what's beautiful about it no one is
perfect but for some reason we feel the
need to be perfect how many times can I
use air quotes in this video I don't
know count them let me know in the
comments but we try to become this
perfection by imitating and copying
others I have her hair and her nose and
her eye color and her eyebrows because
they don't flick or whatever and this
and that then I'll be perfect no and it
sucks because so much of this is based
on your appearance your physical
characteristics which is exactly what
this dear fat people video focused on we
have become so focused on what we look
like that it's as if we're almost losing
the true importance about what's inside
your personality your morals what you
believe what you love who you are not
what you look like never judge a book by
it's cover and never even judge after
you've read the whole story just be you
be you people that was corny but it was
cute I know but when you learn to accept
yourself love yourself and to be
yourself you're able to love so much
more about life itself
the moment you stop thinking so hard
about who you want to be and just be
you'll find that comfort and you'll find
that acceptance that you've been looking
for
don't look for acceptance in other
people find it within yourself first and
those who accept you for you and all the
freaking weirdness you maybe they will
come along and be weird right next to
you now we've gotten used to these
hateful videos and these hateful
comments and it's become a normality for
us and that sucks that we rather focus
so much of our time and energy about
something bad or negative instead of
preaching and sharing things that are
positive so today I want to challenge
you to share some positivity it can be a
compliment towards someone like hey you
look good today smile at a stranger
don't be too friendly though it could
get creepy I'm just saying maybe text or
call someone and say hey I was thinking
of you
a good day go on Twitter and tweet
something happy instead of subtweeting
your exes oh maybe share this video just
kidding I mean if you want to but do
something to spread some kind of
positive vibe I promise you not only can
you make somebody else happy but you
will be rewarded with your own happiness
just for making them happy wow it's a
lot happy but hopefully this happiness
and this positive message counteracts
the negativity that's going around with
this video and I hope somewhere out in
the universe a unicorn has been born
with the ability to poop cupcakes thank
you guys so much for watching I felt
very strongly about this video which is
why I felt the need to address it as I
said I have body image issues myself and
I know it's common especially among
younger people and I just want you all
to know that no matter what shape size
color or gender that you were
handcrafted
to be who you are and that you're
beautiful just the way you are change
yourself for no one only grow and evolve
to become a better you I really hope you
enjoyed this video and if you did please
like and subscribe I'll see you guys
okay I'll see you guys next Wednesday
with Liza I'm gonna try to wipe myself
off the screen
okay we'll see what happens a little
positive Brown girl out oh that was cool
okay bye meanwhile I was busy trying to
master the baby bye what is that you may
ask
