oh my god dude I totally forgot that
happen when you get to the bottom you
like crotch bang the pole oh that hurts
so good
what oh that hurts so bad yeah what's up
hi guys what's up it's Liza today I'm at
the playground trying not to look creepy
as I run around with the camera filming
and talking to myself at age 19 on a
playset Wow anybody want some candy but
today I'm going to be talking about some
recess slash playground slash elementary
school memories that we all have from
back in the day in elementary school
there was always that ridiculously
good-looking young boy that everybody
had a crush on and of course he had some
kind of hot guy name like Chad but do
you guys ever look at a kid and think
Dan you gonna be really fun when you
grow up I've mentioned this to some
people like hey isn't that Kant gonna be
a cutie when he grows up and they're
always like wow way to be a pedophile
no I'm not my bad dude I can just
predict attractive people as you could
but I mean there's just those kids that
you're like when you're done cooking you
can't be good looking you know I'm
saying anyways there was always that one
kid who was insanely attractive for a
six-year-old turns out he peaked in
elementary school and now he's a creep
and of course there was always that
gorgeous girl in elementary school her
name was like Vanessa screw you and all
the boys had a crush on her because she
was growing a little faster than the
others don't think I actually had a
friend who was that girl and she was all
boo boo boo boom at like age 10 and I
looks like a frickin cereal box standing
next to her know if you're wondering
what I look like as a child you should
stop it ain't cute back in the day I
rock some Skechers I wore baggy unisex
pants unisex meaning it ain't unisex
meaning it's only meant for boys meaning
girls should not wear them thanks mom
and I'd pair those baggy pants with of
course some giant t-shirts my hair was
slicked back it was tight
ponytail that was looked like it was
straight up fort routing from the back
of my neck I looked like I was playing
in a Mexican band then after my hair was
in a ponytail I would pull a strand out
just like this and I called it my bangs
what is that
this ain't bangs this is a bang not even
like a good bang like a breath it's a
bra anyways enough about me being a
little man-boy for most of my life let's
get to the playground I'm so excited I
haven't been on a slide like this in
year
that was way more fun a child these
things at the park were the most legit
things why is it so zoomed in money this
was like a kid's first out on like
somebody would stand at the other one
and you'd wish for some dirty secrets
about Billy screw this stuff this stuff
freakin hurt still it hurt as a kid in
there hurts now who is the person that
decided yeah let's put a bunch of this
stuff all over the playground
it won't hurt when kids fall on top of a
bunch of freakin school interns oh yeah
I wonder how much poop is in there I
used to always fly off a swing and I
used to be such a blast at it that's
like oh I'm ready cool you know what I
probably shouldn't scream suck on that
in a children's playground sorry so at
recess the boys and the girls would
always separate cuz cooties bruh cooties
so the stereotypical thing would happen
where boys would run off and play soccer
football or play in a pile of poop while
the girls would go pick flowers and make
flower crowns meanwhile I was busy
trying to master the baby boy what is
that you may ask when I was a kid I
swear this pole looks like the longest
drop down so I never did it not anymore
though cuz I'm grown now that's like a
bow grab like a flower on top like a bow
lady cows
like wow dude if you could do the monkey
bars you world balls a playground ball
you can't do it family bro shut up Carl
yes I can then prove it
man Carl eat my crayons bro watch me do
it that's like a blowjob drive like
flour on top like Lady cows i legit
could not do the monkey bars until like
fifth grade my fifth grade you're
starting to lose your baby's bag oh no
it's true there and then you're finally
able to do the monkey bars lack of bow
that's like blow up grab like flour on
top like a plow lady cows like flowers
on the flowers like a flowers like you
guys member these white calluses
oversold on your hands I'm doing that
monkey bars and don't feel but you felt
like a boss if you were hanging out in
the tunnel on recess you were either
picking your nose farting in private
because you were gassy from the meatloaf
you got from the cafeteria for lunch or
you were swapping cooties Billy
kiss me Billy and when teachers were
around at recess you were well-behaved
but as soon as they looked away that's
like wow Rob Roblin so I legit have to
leave the park now because a family came
in and I can see the parents hiding
their kids from me
or maybe they just want to play
hide-and-go-seek Lacey liked this video
please give it a big thumbs up and
please subscribe also please comment
below some of your playground recess
memories don't go oh my other social
media links are below I'll see you guys
next Wednesday
we'll end up back there is so much
freaking pressure to take the perfect
selfie so hopefully today's tips will
help you take yours and teach you how to
take the most bum one ever
