today I'm going to be talking about
something we all do no matter where we
are what we look like or what we're
doing we all take massive boobs who mess
with the prompter again hmm
think it's funny Cheryl was it you
Cheryl freakin here selfies we all take
selfies
you're freaking fine and Cheryl yeah hey
guys what's up its your girl Liza coming
at you and welcome back to my youtube
channel so today I'm gonna be giving you
some tips on how to take the best selfie
I swear the selfie game has gotten so
much more intense
since Kylie Jenner there is so much
freakin pressure to take the perfect
selfie so hopefully today's tips will
help you take yours and teach you how to
take the most bum one ever step one you
must have a selfie camera an iPhone
selfie camera is preferred this is not a
promo
I'm sorry Android but every time I've
tried to take a selfie on an Android my
head looks like it's foreign to this
planet like a freaking alien I don't
know why your camera makes me look like
Megamind but your selfies make me look
like a baby genius anyways whatever you
got make sure you have a selfie or front
camera ready otherwise it's not really a
selfie it's just a picture of you by
yourself feet step 2 find some good
lighting this is essential to producing
a quality self self selfie English if
you're trying to take a quality selfie
in the dark don't do it no one wants to
see you playing peek-a-boo in the dark
okay it's creepy
hey over here welcome to my creepy
corner I spell creepy corner with gays
because it's more creepy you want some
cookies I sped I okay to look like
you're standing in a dark alley trying
to sell me some sugar
kids please do not buy the sugar with an
indoor selfie you're usually in front of
a bright lamp or underneath some kind of
lighting if you are looking directly
into a lamp you may look completely
washed out
well would you look at that looks like
Jesus touched my face I can barely
breathe I ain't got no nostrils now if
you're directly beneath lighting then
you're gonna have some funky shadows on
your face what oh no I haven't slept in
three days and yes it does look like I'm
on drugs yes I do drugs
don't do drugs kids and don't make
yourself look like you do drugs kids
step3 proper angles ankles are
everything you can either make yourself
look like you were hand-carved and
chiseled by the Greek god I love Greek
yogurt for look like you eaten every
meal at McDonald's for the past three
years this is not a promo hi there ah
can I get a four double make triple make
fart a large fry let's see what else do
we have
Oh a heart failure and a diet coke at a
chocolate-dipped ice cream cone please
angle your camera directly in front of
you I personally prefer to angle the
camera upward slightly mess with it and
figure out your angle whatever you like
to do it could be down here that's the
way you like it then do it like that oh
by the way this little thing on the back
of my phone helps me hold my phone like
a little finger friend hug finger friend
hugger finger hugger promo like it legit
helps me hold my phone I like never drop
my phone what what why in the camera
what if you did it'd be chopping like us
ha
drop it like this ha anyways back to the
selfies I will tell you a secret
closer closer when I smell your breath
the secret weapon to perfecting your
selfie camera angles is one of these bad
boys
tastes like made in China you will look
ridiculously stupid trying to take a
picture of yourself you may look like
you stole a blind man's walking cane
that is so messed up but your selfie
game will be so strong it's not even
funny
haha I said not even funny I know a lot
of people make fun of these guys but
don't make fun of it so you tried this
is not a bromo defo looks presentable
that's what you're going for I'm not
saying you have to put on a ton of
makeup to take a selfie in fact we're
none at all as long as you feel good
mark that Elfi their fur please make
sure the background of your selfie is
clean you may take the world's most balm
selfie but it can be completely ruined
by your crusty little pennies chilling
in the background did she say crusty
little pens or oh she said crusty little
panties but seriously ain't nobody want
to see you looking all cute in the
camera and then see your life falling
apart behind you clean up your clothes
or at least shove them out of the way of
the camera step 6
take at least a thousand pictures
because like five of those a thousand
pictures are gonna be bomb
step 7 choosing one of those a thousand
pictures yes your camera roll is filled
with different angles of your face yes
you look like you're obsessed with
yourself yes you are you're taking a
freaking picture of yourself just deal
with this but listen to this brilliant
analogy I came up with I like to think
of taking and choosing selfies as dating
so you have a large dating pool right
all the fish in the sea
those are your 1,000 pictures you have a
few tasty looking fish guys or girls
those are your top 5 selfies that you
date and you choose from old so you date
the guy or girl you give it a try
smack a filter on it increase the
contrast pay for a movie take him to get
frozen yogurt then you look at all your
options then you find the one and you
edit it so perfectly it's just meant to
be boom
to fall in love you upload it and when
you DoubleTap a heart comes up on your
picture coincidence I think not so
choose one slap a filter or 13 of them
and post that suck up cheese it's not
that hard then why'd you make a youtube
video about it hey shut up so that's it
for how to take selfies 101 thank you so
much for watching please give this video
a like and please subscribe :
please make sure to check out my
Instagram Twitter and other social media
links are in my bio below I also just
made a music ulli which is addicting
this is not a promo but its addicting
I'll see you guys next Wednesday with
that
haha the brown girl out ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha
please leave okay wait wait wait a shot
call me give me you wanna do
