frickin swear I can never get my wings
even this one's going up this one's
going down
I'm literally disappointing birds
everywhere yeah what's that looking all
official all right hey guys what's up
and welcome back hey guys what's up its
your girl lives at home and aunt you
welcome back to my youtube channel yes
my voice is gone and yes you find it
attractive so as you guys know I made a
pet peeves youtube video before if you
haven't seen it yet click right here for
part 1 um I'll click make it unlike a
man you want throwing my one good
welcome to pet peeves over - not only am
I going to tell you my pet peeves and
I'm also gonna tell you how to deal with
them and some solutions for them so
let's get started pet peeve number one
when you're at a red light and people
inch up in their car next to you just to
look at you now when I'm driving I
purposely pull up or pull back when
stopping at a red light just so I don't
have to make awkward eye contact with
the drivers next to me I'm a freakin
little girl in the car and I don't even
have tinted windows the last thing I
want to do is pull up next to someone -
are you doing my car but really I
actually legit look 12
I'm sure cops on the road are wondering
what the heck let this toddler behind
the wheel oh yeah I try to stay as far
as possible from other cars to avoid
awkward eye contact avoid seeing someone
I know or just a flat-out creep like
someone like this hey mommy where'd you
going in I can see you to adjourn on
tinted windows like that's not something
I want to happen at a red light I just
don't understand what people think is
gonna happen when you're hitting on
someone on the road do you think I'm
gonna be like Oh score man let me just
park my car here in the middle of the
street let's get out and go get some
tacos have some babies maybe huh oh my
husband and I how did we meet King
Richard - oh yeah a mummy at me at a red
light I mean it didn't have to turn
green for me to go with him oh you know
ma'am no that doesn't happen stop
hitting on people at red lights ya lil
nasty but here's a solution if some
creeper pulls up next to you at a red
light make yourself look as unattractive
as possible as you can this is what I do
Oh No me boom boo-boom John no not into
it anymore i legit do this I've actually
done this and had someone reverse to get
away from me it's foolproof works every
time
pet peeve number two when the series
sound goes off in public that one this
just sucks especially when you're in
school or in a quiet public place it
usually happens when you're sitting on
your phone and somehow your butt cheek
manages to press the tiny home button
with your phone sometimes if you don't
have a chance to cut it off Siri will
say I'm sorry
I didn't get that that's not it just
like it I know you're impressed by my
Siri impression anyways it's obnoxious
it's embarrassing and sometimes it can
get you an F in school because your
teachers think you're cheating during a
test and really your butt cheeks are
just so talented there's a solution to
your Siri booty problems if Siri goes
off and starts speaking you can say I'm
not sure I understand
babe not now I'm busy gosh she's so
needy okay that was the worst solution
ever just tell your butt cheeks to chill
out with the home button alright if
someone's like hey I don't have that
problem I have an Angie boy good dog
go get an iPhone you're a social outcast
plus your green text messages piss me
off I'm just joking I'm just joking I'm
only saying I'm joking because someone's
gonna get very offended and destroy me
in the comments I'm sorry I'm TV iPhone
I can't help it pet peeve number three
restaurants where the music is too loud
or where the lights are too dim so I'm
usually going out to eat at restaurants
with my family the cost I have no
friends and I'm single my parents are
already old and slightly hard-of-hearing
sorry mom so going out to dinner at
restaurants where music is playing
extremely loud ends up with the whole
table screaming at each other hey Dad
can you pass me a napkin
what can you pass me a napkin Oh No
thank you
what dad pass me a napkin what about Kim
Kardashian what who said never mind dad
never mind my dad doesn't even have an
accent I was all slowly ready so anyways
we all end up screaming at each other
and not knowing what the heck we're
talking about for most of dinner and
when the lights are too dim in a
restaurant I just get freaking upset
like I can't even see my own plate they
could be serving me a slice of booty
instead of a burger and I wouldn't even
know because I'm late
blind now cuz she barely but here's a
solution if the music is too loud at a
restaurant you can either politely ask
your waiter or the manager to lower it
or do what my family does and
communicate at your table by screaming
at each other
pass me a napkin mom will do son mama
I'm a girl shut up and eat your food
Jimmy puta who's Jimmy if the lights are
too dim in a restaurant try using your
phone's flashlight or screen light just
so you can make sure you're not eating
Dookie chips at peeve number fo censored
songs on the radio
these just make no sense to me I mean I
get why they're censored but why even
bother playing them on the radio
frickin sounds like a drunk robot yo
what's up it's Little Brown from h-town
comin at you be here I go I'm about to
flow Paula bundle mayonnaise tweeze it
trash can liners Canada booty stops but
here's a solution all you can do is
change in station go listen to some
Radio Disney Pepe's number I don't know
whatever this is when mosquitoes get
into your bed this is so annoying this
is just highly inappropriate on so many
levels I actually don't even know why
mosquitoes exist they look like really
stupid spiders I mean I hate spiders but
they can be kind of cool looking but
mosquitoes just look so stupid
hey some dude outside watching could do
this anyways this little freak is trying
to slip up in my bed and stick its
little thing inside of me I gained I
don't even know your name but once these
little suckers get it ah little suckers
even I get underneath your covers while
you're trying to sleep you're done
you're about to sleep with a mosquito
yellow maste sometimes while you're
sleeping look slide right behind you and
spoon you other times they might try to
whisper dirty little secrets in your ear
sucks to suck
how would you taste good huh here's a
solution get the heck out of that or it
must die cut that sucker
so that's the rest of my pet peeves part
2 thank you guys so much for watching
you already know what's coming please
make sure to give this video a thumbs up
please subscribe also I want to know
what takes you guys off so comment below
some of your pet peeves I'll comment
back what I think of yours please feel
free to check out my other videos cuz
now I have six of them and if you're
interested in this little brownie please
feel free to check out my social shot
please feel free to check out my other
social medias in the description below
thanks for watching guys I'll see you
next Wednesday with little brown girl oh
they still see me oh yeah see you next
time
Oh
