on my way to the Houston Airport to go
to Chicago shy town
- Versailles the cheetah or so Ford
Appaloosa but is it one not polluted no
Spanish Lollapalooza mom why people make
this talking to myself to do is do
kidding judge dude dude it isn't over
there for a while I'm vlogging
little children run around in each
other's PPE honest
haha yeah oh yeah hi oh hey didn't see
you there
I brought a whole car lamp I was trying
to film a vine earlier and I broke the
lamp I am praying for this this part
came off of it I guess you were here
anyways Oh pillow shaped like a hot dog
do you know what people come to Chicago
for Chicago style hot sex you know what
I had today a really mediocre hot dog Oh
today is day one of my Lollapalooza
Chicago experience lose a leg so I
decided to give you guys a first-hand
look in to the Lollapalooza Music
Festival and I'm super excited to be
here with MTV and be doing some stuff
with them but yeah so it's today it was
really fun got to explore Chicago a
little bit she can go tomorrow is
Lollapalooza this is me pre Palooza
feeling pretty Gucci can't wait to pull
Uzi it up tomorrow
this is why I have no friends
well Palooza day 1 I smell like
sunscreen dirt and corndogs I didn't
even need a corndog today anyways well
blues day one is really cool kind of see
Paul McCartney's my six-year-old parents
were super jealous
mccartey
take your shirt off
Oh
Jahna where you will
- the night of ago
Oh your life
I also got to see the weekend
ah
and when he finished his performance I
said but the weekend and even over yet
it's only Friday guys we still got
Saturday and Sunday uh Palooza day one
was a success so I'm freaking tired I'm
about to slam my eyebrows nice white
pillow so I'll see you guys tomorrow for
day two see you later potater okay
kill it kill it be killing he didn't
really kill it on the golf cart post my
blog by the way la la la la' vlog doing
it blah wah wah wah wah luck haha that's
funny happy for the park right stop
drinking on the job
Oh watch me wet
so single long hot day - it was great
Lollapalooza day - freakin awesome I am
now team tatted I'm sure you're
wondering like what the heck what kind
of unicorn threw up on Liza's arm it's
rubbed off a lot but this is actually
acrylic paint am I going with this is
the sign of a good day no friends and
then I was especially stoked to meet gez
and I did an interview with him hey guys
what we want everything to be snack time
right now
like
Oh God
oh yeah guess you can say jay-z's pretty
easy kid cudi which dog I'm a huge fan
of oh my god
yeah dude today is freaking fun and now
I got to me the raps for over seven
eleven from it is about to get in my
belly
Ami's yeah about the shower the scum off
of my body but yeah so tomorrow is
Lollapalooza day three doc cleanest
hallo that is Matteo Lane hi sexual
please say something about yourselves
yo solo italiano Abby come on your
candidate or nowadays some I like fat
turtles this is our driver man mr. stern
Andre Andre joining your Britney Spears
are we your most obnoxious group of the
day the day yes all right
singing beggar I was lovable loser for
you guys
I mean pretty cool that was really great
I know he was cool because we were there
for MTV yeah it was like a Miss Tyler it
was like falafel it was all good I'm
gonna mr. Te'o endure we're gonna hang
out so we do any festivals together
recent history land on a row but this
will echo like subscribe comment Oh
loves uh stuff and there's two in my
file down below
goodnight batteries about today I gotta
say bye
what is going on hey who are you who is
she
I'm gonna get it blah blah hey everyone
welcome to big
