right now we're driving to VidCon is
gonna be crazy
they're gonna be vlogging every time
that comes already over ah this is
afterwards I know but I wanted to try
and do an intro from it what is what is
going on hey who are you who is she I'm
gonna get it ah delicious your flock hey
everyone welcome to big
hey guys what's up and welcome back to
my youtube channel it's a girl laughing
coming at you but this whole past week
I've been in Los Angeles for VidCon 2015
now I've never been to VidCon before so
I'm here to share with you guys my first
VidCon experience and let me tell you I
had good vine itself yeah the freaking
app line reached out to me and asked me
hey would you like to partner up with us
and VidCon basically make a bunch of
vines at VidCon and have them all show
up on my channel on the explore page of
vine 12 like Dec yeah it was pretty
pretty cool and when you clicked it you
could see all the vines that I made at
VidCon so myself and 11 other Viners has
the awesome opportunity to do this if
you guys want to check it out make sure
to check the links below and not only
did I have my own channel but at VidCon
vine created this giant 4 panel screen
box and the entire time they were
playing previously recorded video of me
and all the other bynars hello but this
isn't even the best part honestly the
most amazing part of VidCon is having
the opportunity to meet you guys face to
face
I get sinned personally thank you for
being so supportive whether you follow
me or you follow other creators online
just know how appreciated it you truly
heart it was so nice getting to know you
guys and getting to know where you're
from or how old you are what you're
doing or if you're making YouTube videos
or vines or instagrams and I cannot wait
to see what you guys are willing to put
out there for the world to see so now
I'm about to include a bunch of video
clips from VidCon of different binders
that I was with couple youtubers and a
bunch of other stuff so here we go
Alyssa haha here's me I'm following
zachary piona because he made fun of my
neck
hey guys except Renee chillin - oh my
gosh hello everyone
oh you know I see you this one girl had
an amazing canvas I'll allow her to
explain it just check this out
and the trainwreck
when the beating that has marked mother
I can hang it in my work
how everything is possible that's
amazing
and I thought I honored I'm sorry I just
thought that was the cutest thing ever
and it needed to be acknowledged here's
me getting one up to my Marcus Perez and
his beatboxing skills
VidCon also had a bunch of stages where
people were performing so a comedian
slash musician named Mike Falzone was
doing a stand-up and a song so I whipped
out my phone on selfie mode and tried
seeing his lyrics to his song which I
had no idea what what they were I'm a
fake fan anyways yeah he called me out
periscope and let's say my size and she
has no idea we're know here's a little
behind-the-scenes action of what happens
at VidCon when it's over during the day
so here's a bunch of Dancing with virus
or jelly I mean I was breaking it down
on the dance floor
here's a me dancing over backwards
dancer seized a day cuz she was about to
break my ankles I also got a massage
while I was eating burger which is not a
normal thing to do at a party this is
Matt an average party meeting a burger
overall VidCon was so much fun so I hope
you guys enjoyed seeing all these behind
the scenes little clips and stuff thank
you thank you thank you once again for
tuning in to my channel and checking out
this week's Wednesday flies uh and I
hope to see you guys back here next
Wednesday for my next video
no brown girl out little brown girl uh
hell no brown girl loves his hair no
brown girls starts a tag on his hair cuz
she's not sure if she still wants it
thanks for watching guys he next time
having a wedgie in public when this
happens I get so mad at my own blood
cheeks like my booty just had to get
hungry in public and eat my pennies
