no that wasn't a weird introduction hey
guys what's up and welcome back to my
youtube channel it's a girl Liza coming
at you today's Wednesday with Liza is
going to be about that list of special
things it scratches the chalkboard of
the brain the things you can't steer
it's called pet peeves pet peeves we all
know them we all have them and we all
can't stand so I've seen a lot of
youtubers do a pet peeves video so I
decided to do one of my own but I want
to put my own little twist on this
instead of naming just a bunch of pet
peeves and talking about how P V there I
want to give you guys a solution to help
you get over that pet piece now we all
have our own list of pet peeves but I
think there's a few things on my list of
pet peeves that I think you guys can
agree with so let's get started pet
peeves number one when you smile at
people and they don't smile back there's
three reasons why you may not smile back
you're either having a bad day you're
from some northern state and our
southern hospitality scares you I'm from
Texas and I'm friendly how you doing
y'all or you just suck in general if
you're having a bad day I can't blame
you for that
if I was having a sucky day I'm not
gonna run around town smiling you're
throwing up peace signs and strangers
either to ass mail having it dude why do
you have a knife on him like that I
don't know but if it's not for any of
those reasons and I look at you and I'm
smiling and you look back at me like
then I'm gonna come at you bruh like
this oh you're not gonna sign is that
how we're gonna do this so just always
make sure to smile back also just as the
tab don't expect people to smile back at
you if you're giving off a creepy smile
in the first place if you're looking at
somebody and smiling like this that
smile just told me that you have an
obnoxiously large white van with a bowl
of candy and
but here's a solution if you're someone
who naturally makes eye contact with
someone and just smile and they don't
smile back don't take you personally you
don't know what's going on in their
lives but also don't let them not
smiling back at you stopping you from
smiling at other people because your
random stranger smile might make their
day even better and maybe lift their
spirits or maybe they'll lead you back
to a white van full of candy and puppies
public service announcement do not go
inside the van with candies and puppies
next might be when someone steps on the
back of your shoe and either your heel
pops off or your entire freakin shoe
comes off haha for all of ten seconds I
strongly dislike you with a burning
passion of a thousand suns you realize
in that moment you destroyed all my hard
work right I tied my shoes very tight
that morning expecting them to never pop
off and your fat foot came out of
nowhere and stepped on the back of my
heel you know car accidents fender
benders this is a human fender bender
you just centered all on my bender you
popped my fender out my bender bender
can't band no more if human accidents
were a thing I would sue you but here's
a solution someone steps on your shoe
and it pops off or the heel slides off
remain calm
they probably didn't mean to but if it's
like an annoying twelve-year-old or
someone who acts 12 we all know those
beats and they're purposely stepping on
the back of your shoe just to annoy you
and feel free to trip them remove both
of their shoes and Chuck a hundred feet
away okay just kidding be the bigger
person and don't react to it and if
you're the one stepping on someone's
shoes apologize you know how much it
sucks so say you're sorry but if you
step on some Jordans or some fresh
looking shoes dude I hope you run fast
pet peeve number three drivers that
don't use their turn signal there's no
solution to this you suck everyone on
the road hates you live with that
next that'd be when you sneeze and not a
single person says bless you this is
just messed up my body just had a tiny
baby spasm and you're not gonna bless me
actually blessing a sneeze is such a
strange thing when you really think
about it this tiny person inside of me
yes this is how I think things is
tickling my nostril hairs whoo and I
just had this face explosion where
spitting boogers are flying everywhere
and I just expect somebody to bless me
with God's glory because have mercy
baby Jesus I just survived a sneeze Oh
however if you're sneezing and it sounds
anything like this I'm not sure if
anybody needs to bless you or if you
need to straight up drink a glass of
holy water anyways if you want to be
blessed you had a bless others too you
know I'm saying but here's a solution if
you sneeze and have that awkward moment
where no one blesses you bless yourself
like this bitch bless you thank you
pet peeve oh no no sinkhole having a
wedgie in public when this happens I get
so mad at my own butt cheeks like my
booty just had to get hungry in public
and eat my panties it especially sucks
when you're wearing tight jeans or like
a dress so you can't get up in there and
get it out so here's some solutions for
your public wedgie you can either walk
around with your wedgie as it continues
to fly see a booty ho please destroy and
burn your underwear later or find a
secluded area preferably a corner where
you can get in there and remove your
wedgie
if you happen to be with friends have
them all line up and build a wall around
you while you dig in your butt or if
you're like me straight up get in there
no matter who's around or where you are
and once you pull that sucker out turn
around with your hands up and see if
anybody saw and if they did be like
what's up no shame chuckles brish anyway
so that's all the pet peeves that I have
for you guys today but those are the
ones that I wanted to share with you
guys please let me know if you guys had
the same pet peeves as I do or if you
have some pet peeves of your own that
you want to share leave them in the
comments below I want to read them and
see if I agree with them too so I hope
you guys liked this video you already
know what's coming please like and
subscribe and comment and I'll see you
guys next week for a mine Wednesdays
with labs uh on my last video someone
commented and said for your outro you
should say little brown girl out dude I
love that here's the username thank you
oh I'm gonna do that from now on while I
roll away so yeah hope you guys enjoyed
this video see you next week little
brown girl out
still saw my bus though Oh daddy
Oh okay I'm just gonna keep saying
little brown girl out while I keep
rolling around little brown Corral a
little brown girl a little brown girl
out little brown girl in Oh No little
brown girl out back I cannot believe
that I've hit 3 million followers on
vine
