I cannot believe that I've hit three
million followers on vine this is
completely insane to me
I just want to take a second to thank
you guys so much for all the years of
love and support and for following me on
behind I'm just eternally thankful to
everybody who has supported me it has
been two years that I've been on vine
and now I have three million followers
and I just want to say thank you thank
you thank you thank you from the bottom
of my heart thank you anyways welcome
back to my youtube channel it's your
girl Liza coming at you so last night I
asked you guys on my Twitter and my
Instagram links down below to ask me any
questions that you guys might have using
the hashtag ask Liza for my YouTube Q&A
so let's get started baby underscore
Burton on Instagram asked me what is
your origin slash nationality slash rate
and where were you born and I mentioned
this before in my introduction video I
am actually half Indian and half way and
I was born and raised here in Houston
Texas black Beyonce at Sidney Oh 6:18 on
Twitter asked me have you ever had
braces or your teeth naturally that
perfect hahahaha
Sidney uh-uh no Sidney no they were not
that perfect yes I had braces my teeth
they were they were throwing up gang
signs and I didn't want to get jumped
therefore I got braces and straighten
these little little suckers out jeez at
Mali underscore hosenki on twitter asks
would you be more proud of yourself
eating a whole pizza or finding a sock
you lost for a year so it has its match
again Mali underscore stinky girl eating
a whole pizza is something that I do on
a regular basis I literally can inhale
the pizza be my right nostril however
finding a sock that's been missing for a
freaking year so that I have a match
again now that that's something to
celebrate oh it's so a freakin party and
invite my friends and bye chill friends
invite your mama's friends and let them
know that they're coming to a soccer
wedding and I'm about to have some sock
babies lynnie underscore 2002 on Twitter
asked me do you have a boyfriend
ask Liza haha no because I might
independent little brown girl who don't
need no man but yeah I know single as a
Pringle we're ready to mingle at yoke
Alta on Twitter said if you could become
any kind of animal which one would you
be yes I love you so much hashtag ask
Liza I would be a freaking dog man
you're cute you're fluffy they prance
around naked people pet them and rub
them and scratch their buttons make them
on the butt sometimes if you like it
like that
plus it's now perfectly acceptable to go
up and smell anybody's butt and you can
poop and pee anywhere in your backyard
next question janay underscore nay on
instagram asked me since you are buying
comma insta comma excetera famous do you
get stopped a lot when going to school
or do people act like you're just a
regular student around campus
well janae underscore name you said
famous I don't really think of myself at
all as famous garlae and be honest by
but to answer your question I do get
stopped at school and a lobby bar like
Harry - that girl from vine and I love
it like I love being stopped having like
a conversation with them like if you're
willing to like sit down and watch this
frickin weirdness on vine or on YouTube
or wherever you may be watching me I
want to take a second to like thank you
and be like yo what's up what's your
name like cuz you know me like more than
I want you to because you seen all this
kind of nasty all over vine and stuff
really I'm just a regular college
student on campus I don't expect to be
treated any differently I don't want to
be treated any differently I am just you
know just another kook I go to U of H so
go gang so ya the net I'm just a regular
college kid who's living off ramen and
trying not to fail out of school don't
tell my parents Giuliana on instagram
said hashtag ask liza if you were to be
a mermaid what would you do that was a
mermaid I would slap you with my fin hey
come here come closer I'm a mermaid you
never seen this before have you come
here come close
you just got slapped by mermaid fembra
Kells underscore zero point zero on
Instagram said hashtag ask liza if you
were a guy what would you prefer from a
girl big boobs are a big butt how about
a big heart
no but seriously if I was a guy and I
was looking for a girl you know I would
stick with that personality cuz one day
those big boobs in the big butt gonna be
a big saggy nasty and here's a check for
all my guys out there personality
attitude and what's on the inside it's
all i really counts because that's not
gonna change my were a guy I want a big
heart man you really corny shut up I
like booty still whoa okay next question
at Espinoza Jax on twitter said puedo
hablar español si puedes Dinos algo por
highway Ola a movie que onda kata de
español a co puedo hablar en espanol
pero no tiene sentido porque yo no se
hispana pero yo Mira como a so he says
estoy hispana
amigos a los tacos tacos Maurice police
on Twitter asked me if you were to star
in any TV show what would it be in what
character if I were to be a character I
would have been raven symone from mezzo
reason it had visions all the time and
be like little nasty lilo underscore and
underscore stitch underscore 12 on
instagram how do you get rid of a double
chin whatever way did you just ask me
how to get rid of a double chin you
don't get rid of a double chin you pet
it you name it and you treat it with
respect
seriously there ain't nothing wrong with
the double chin love your double chin I
love you Patti yes I do is it yeah she
just lit Hina Nichols ass hashtag ass
Liza have you ever farted in public and
just walked away every time I go in
bumping what's funny is when you walk
about 15 feet away and your little cloud
of you know fart air hovering over there
someone walks through it smells it
sometimes they pass out pretty
entertaining that came from my butt okay
and last question
Walter Skidmore on Twitter asked me what
do you love most about your fans well
Walter you use the word fan and I don't
consider myself to have fans I am that
Beyonce but really I don't I wouldn't
call anybody like a fan or say that you
know I have fans I really appreciate the
people who support me if I guess I would
call them supporters chin supporters
maybe what I love most about them is
that they're willing to get just as
weird as I am and I love that I couldn't
be more thankful for the supporters that
I do have and it's all just a blessing
so that is my hashtag ask Eliza Q&A
thank you guys so much for asking me all
these questions and thank you guys so
much for watching this video if you
liked this video Erica please like and
subscribe and comment I have new videos
every Wednesday Wednesday with threesies
Liza with three Z's you get it and I'll
see you guys next Wednesday for my next
video so I still don't know what to do
for my outro oh I'm going to just try to
roll away again don't say no oh god that
was my but you almost somebody me thanks
for watching me
yeah what was that a horse I don't know
thank you so you never know what to
expect you never know you never know
what this little brown girl might do you
know don't plan what you don't see that
coming did you watch I'm a ninja I'm a
ninja
