okay never done this before so no do
this youtubers have cool intro slice'
black are you gonna do gosh you're so
lame do something cool do something
impressive
oh you know let me just you know make
sure I look like a woman on camera cuz
halftime I look like a potato or a man
so haha anyways welcome what's up what's
going what's poppin my name is Liza and
welcome to my youtube why why should go
and that's what you would have seen had
to spin a six-second vine my friends
however now we are in the magical world
of the YouTube what we have your beauty
gurus yeah you do it yourself homie
you're looking up how to put a table
together for my kia because the
instructions are all in German and you
have no idea how to put it together you
have all these hilarious comedic
geniuses on here and you're over here
watching a little brown girl you could
be watching animal videos for hours and
somehow you'll get led back to a jenna
Marbles video just bound to happen and
on my Bolton's bed here's a picture of
me trying not to put my pants at
playlist live when I met my item jenna
Marbles
I'm literally trying so hard to keep the
poop from flying out of my pants look at
me
I really freakin wanted to poop my pants
okay I put my pants you have all this
stuff that you could be watching on
YouTube and yet you're over here
watching this little brown girl talk to
herself in a camera when you could be
watching a freaking cute squirrel eating
an acorn because there's so much going
on a big wide world of YouTube I'm free
I'm freaking anxious to come ere I'm
trying to be a president but yes because
I am freaking anxious and I really want
to do well I'm just gonna go ahead and
pretend to be a squirrel eating a nut so
that you get the best of both worlds you
know man
that wasn't weird at all uh-huh stop it
dude it's just weird
please stop that a DJ squirrel anyways
now that you've seen a little brown girl
pretending to be a DJ squirrel so here's
my introduction video let's get to know
each other man spandex
so what's up guys a lot of you guys know
me from my vine
lyza Li triple za don't know why all my
name I'm gonna get to that in a sec but
I have been long awaiting to make a
YouTube channel so you guys can actually
know the real liza and get to know me
more than six seconds breath deep let's
get into me able to get inspiration
let's talk about it welcome to the
YouTube channel of a little brown girl
so this is my first youtube video ever I
want to tell you guys a little bit about
me and what I'm doing who I am who I is
when I live folks let's talk about it oh
sorry I was trying to do something cool
so like I could like flow into it and
like you know like talk about it but
here I'm try it again well some of you
guys have been watching me for the
little bit because some of you got anger
Murano huh let me tell you guys a little
bit about myself because you guys are so
awesome to support me and my weird self
and my weird six second videos on vine
but I feel like you guys don't actually
really know me so I really want to tell
you guys you know who I am what I'm
about when I find a dope you don't fine
so I have a little list here and my
hand'd oh my god that's a big phone oh
my god it's a size on my face okay sorry
am I trying to show off my six plus
where it's really not that cool guys
sexy but yeah I have some notes on here
just so I can like make
right yeah Oh
oh my gosh seriously only have like
three airs on my head I really just rip
point out a couple things that you guys
should know about me one thing you
should know about me is that this is my
youtube channel
okay I think they knew that Liza yes
this is my YouTube channel and I'm gonna
be doing a bunch of weird stuff on here
might be me talking with me and my
colorful pillows that happen to look
like colorful breasts I did not realize
that before might be me talking to you
guys it might be me vlogging of stuff
that I'm doing with my traveling and
just the opportunities I've been blessed
to have it might be a compilation of my
snapchat videos because I get super
weird on my snapchat but Allah is below
there's a bunch of stuff down be doing
on here have a shopping addiction so I'm
gonna be doing shopping hauls I might be
doing do-it-yourself kind of things I
might be doing hey what's up I'm
cleaning my socks I mean there's a bunch
of stuff I might be doing on here so you
never know what to expect you never know
you never know with this little brown
girl mom do you know I'm flame what you
don't see that can we did you what I'm a
ninja I'm a ninja
haha but anyways yeah usually we'll
never know what to expect me just trying
to keep it fresher meaning only
everybody like that thank you gotta keep
it fresh like daisies daisies so I'm a
little brown girl with big dreams
that's my bio oh yeah I am a long brown
girl with big dreams I am actually five
feet tall so I am I am a small smaller
uh you know tinted child
I'm chocolate Holmes and I'm chocolate
but I'm a little I'm a little lighter
than chocolate I'm kind of like a milk
chocolate let me tell you how to happen
because I got a white mama you know that
white chocolate and then I have an
Indian father yes Indiana's in from
India so my dad is a little darker to be
um actually a couple shades fifty shades
that's weird you're talking like your
dad okay but my dad is dark chocolate
you know I'm saying and then my mom is a
white chocolate this white chocolate in
this Jack Jack I'm like hey what's up
what's up girl you girl melt chocolate
what's up that's who I am I'm milk
chocolate respective but yeah so I'm
that I'm not milk chocolate flavor you
know I'm saying oh that tasted salty oh
yes
I explained the brown by didn't explain
my dream so I have a lot dreams there's
a lot of things that I want to do and
maybe one day I'll make a video about my
dreams and stuff because I'm a rant for
hours another thing you should know
about me my name is Liza I learn yes
Liza with it one seat not 3z okay I know
my tree name has three Z's in it I don't
know I could call it some funky names
but I put it on myself because I put
three Z's in my name and why did I put
three Z's I don't freaking know bro I
mean just being entirely honest with you
guys
I made a vine it's because of the fact
that all my friends had a vine
six-second videos right perfect for like
short like short attention span score
perfect for someone with a short
attention span like myself who like
can't even freaking you know finish a
sentence without thinking about what
she's gonna eat tonight tacos it was
super weird and I didn't expect it to
happen but I just left my name is that
and I continued to grow on vine and it
was so strange and so unexpected and so
I mean I continue making videos and my
followers continue to grow freaking nuts
and that's nothing I would ever you know
imagine happening or nothing that I
really tried for and it just kind of
happened so I got stuck with the name
yeah triple Z ate it I mean it sounds
kind of cool when you say like that but
when you look at it you're like nas with
us this is the thought that in there for
emphasis if it would be like Liza and
not Lisa you know but now it just looks
like you know I fell asleep in the
middle on my name like hey what's up
lies okay
so yeah just onesie that's my name
Liza another thing people should know
about me or I think people should know
about me is that I dance hit a mom if
it's a mommy get it what's up a PE whip
ha ha ha no watch me 9 8 okay not that
can I dance so yes I danced back in high
school I went to Lamar high school
what's up go Redskins o Texans I was
actually won a the lieutenant captain of
my drill team yeah so I was a dancer and
I loved it and I choreographed and I
danced knowledge stuff but I just
graduated a year ago and I'm actually at
now a student at the University of
Houston and I don't know what the heck I
want to do with my life when you get to
college you're not supposed to know what
you're doing your freshman year but my
freshman year is over so bless you my
mom sneezed so I'm going into sophomore
year and I still have no idea what I
want to do huh and then lastly I think
you guys should know about me is that
about my my faith and my beliefs and
what I practice I am actually a regular
attendee and member of Lakewood Church
which is in Houston too so I am just any
obviously a follower of God and I I love
Jesus but yeah that's the stuffed I
think you guys should know about me this
little brown chick this little browning
little brownie with some chocolate chips
in it
dang I'm hungry dang I need a snack
right now I am so freaking you aside to
be on freakin YouTube just to be on
another platform with you guys and
talking to you guys it's just another
way for me to connect with you guys some
but yeah so you know all these youtubers
have like cool outros there's like some
people who you know
like what's happened that's it we like
you look cool like I I don't know how to
look cool oh wait I don't wanna do in my
outro like him subscribe and comment
I'm just kidding I just think that part
everybody knows that part is super
annoying whenever they're like lagan
subscribe comment some like poking fun
at it but really that'd be cool if you
could you know you look at wait this is
an Instagram for mine okay you know how
the world the world the world of YouTube
works don't you Liza I really don't want
very confused please help me but yeah so
make sure to like it subscribe comment
because that would be pretty cool you
know but we're not I'm not your mom or
your dad but yeah so I'm I am my palms
are sweating and I need deodorants
because I'm still trying to figure out
what I should do for this outro should I
just roll away that sounds good let's
just roll away so I'm just gonna gonna
roll away now so thank you for watching
and thank you for liking and subscribing
you to do I really appreciate it I can't
wait to make another YouTube video and
see you guys later so thank you so much
for coming and visiting my page all my
social media links are below if you want
to check them out and do sure's my
homies I still don't know how to exit
just over just chukkas leave shy just
walk out me and mozzie you supposed to
look cool right now
I'm thinking I'm just gonna nope it's
not working I don't know what to do I'm
still here
mm-hmm I'm still trying to figure out
okay I think I'm just gonna zoom in
really close from here we go there we go
that's a good one there we go all right
bye guys
thanks for watching whoa oh jeez okay
