yeah and welcome back to my youtube
channel today I have today I have today
I how about me doing an impression of a
cat but today I'll be doing aggressions
that you tweeted we be prepared to not
be impressed by my impressions here we
go
sorry my cat yeah here we go
impression of your mom if she was do an
impression of a drunk police officer you
have the right you have the right to
remain a giant through the person of a
Starbucks barista your name please Matt
is that with an H or a D Greg do an
impression of overprotective parents
only me and my parents okay oh you mean
not white parents I got you normal
parents smile at you and they're happy
with you overprotective parents smile at
you before they kill you this is exactly
what that smile looks like if you could
save today I would think you if you stay
inside okay it wouldn't break if you
tried to hide I will find you and it
would be do an impression of your dad
wow that sounded nothing like David what
do an impression of me tweeting this
low-key so I don't get in trouble in
Spanish but
some of it days but I thought come with
me baby okay you an impression of text
and stereotypes it seems bigger in Texas
that's a lie I don't drive a pickup trip
to school I ride a horse we don't only
fry our food we eat it too
I don't wear cowboy boots all right I
work out girl boots okay don't be rich I
don't shoot things i shoot people that's
not true we need to gun control those
Brenda Leigh serious sorry do an
impression of a high PE teacher really
nothing like a bunch of prepubescence
lifting weights and drop your weights if
you want to drop those bubbles but like
do depression up a pig Hey Oh
boys good impression of druggies hey
it's me look it's good impression of
David giving birth you've been waiting
for views you super personation to find
a dress brocco bomb about to be rock
your world their shell yeah dude
impression of girls that festival hi I'm
Molly and I just took Stephanie music
sounds better when I'm wearing a crop
top when I climb on your shoulders to
see the stage even though I'm just gonna
close my eyes anyway so I'll let
everybody know I'm gonna throw up but um
we do impression of a youtuber who ran
out of lighting whoops good impression
of a gay Italian yeah I love me
Moe's suit a version of a Mexican
grandma you're not show it to mama I'm
not gonna beat you with a Champlin we're
gonna carry you with it then gonna
someplace that we gotta you style I know
in espanol por que is that the Greek god
of your cute impression of mayonnaise
I'm white and I like Sam which is I
think that was every Caucasian man on
earth person eight people that are
awkward around blintz so you're vegan
enough you smell good
so is that oxygen so are you sad man
find I do an impression of air super
cool good impression to people that
think they're better than everybody else
but really aren't do you know your likes
for average rate that's right I am super
wait is that is that is that seriously
hurt okay good impression of a cool mom
what is good fam Joe mama do an
impression of an angry pebble
dude that is all I have for you guys
today I hope you enjoyed this video and
if somehow you did please make sure to
give it a big thumbs up and I'll see you
guys next week
mmm I'll see you guys sometime little
brown boy whoa I didn't mean to say boy
but I guess the truth comes out
sometimes boys hop by yeah
