camera it's you girl as a Comanche and
welcome back to my youtube channel so
it's just like any other day but today
is especially disappointing because I'm
going to be piercing my entire face
that's right a whole lot of penetration
maybe D monetization now I have no
piercings because I have scary dad I
always wanted a nose piercing but I
didn't want a booty beating so here's me
bringing this all not to my memory
they're Indian not Asian
ok here we go we get excited for today's
video I understand I look very educated
right lifting this colored sweatshirt is
close to something get to a degree we're
gonna start off with a little nose
penetration well this is being an
aggressive represent a lady here we have
a stud muffin look an angsty girl that
works at a coffee shop we're gonna give
ourself a little lip piercing look like
I work out at dad you Joe look like I
own a snake as a pet I look like I work
at a Trader Joe's or Twitter small
mocking oh you're told try not order an
espresso boy it what's that welcome to
urban outfitter just started a band when
I was 11 it looked like I'm in Time
magazine's like photos of the year I'll
put this in less first of all this is
what you find when you stop people from
your high school but face okay we have a
septum Erie I'm about to listen you're
not to look at imported from India here
we go oh my god this is so good it's not
faze me it's just my faith to my parents
I look like a disappointment even
without the Pearson all right now we're
gonna put in these 2007 white ski your
boy gave you going to the skate park God
how does my girlfriend she just doesn't
give me love so being so hot we're
probably on you well that's not
skateboard lingo make me thank you with
my feelings I'm the guy that the
Christian girl falls in love with in the
movie and she gets do so on fire parents
gets pissed goes off gets a tattoo but
it's a cross don't worry I'm putting on
more okay so I did a few more told me
I'm pretty
no no why are you looking this oh wait
for attention I forgot listen even more
of a disappointment to my parents
because this is my career really that
checks you shop ladies your yeah yeah
I own it now and three hundred and
eight-seven rules in my body weight and
rune 88 forgot my bundle it takes me
about four hours to go through airport
security so do you want my cappuccinos
oh god I feel so misunderstood I'm the
guy in the murder mystery movie that
they keep cutting back to you because
they think I killed again and I look
super suspicious every time they listen
to Italy where fans come on
same feeling especially holy right now
well sure what they say piercings are
addictive you should have low iron and I
definitely don't know as if I haven't
stabbed myself and I have one more hole
for you it's a dump you're nothing to
put a ball in my pretty big piers in
when you would bail from your parents
but you're still scared of through Paris
yeah this is the final look there's a
little slow-mo just some soft music oh
for my family you guys thank you so much
for watching I hope you guys enjoyed
this video I do I'm again but if you did
please make sure to give it a big thumbs
up because I can barely say hi thanks so
much coffee no my balls
looks like a tiny bag for guts
no I don't desert it doesn't offend
anybody that has piercing I think you
guys are really great I don't judge you
guys but you should definitely judge me
because this is weird when you don't
have lip gloss
