yeah hey guys what up it's a girl Liza
desk coming at you and welcome back to
my youtube channel damn freaking excited
to announce that I have special guest
finally I won't be talking to myself
everybody please welcome in Mike come on
in Mike yeah anyways your standards are
low and that's why you're here now keep
your standards love for this video
because there won't be any intense
editing cuts there won't be any
characters put those down and you
definitely won't see two of me in one
shot but it's against today I'm
introducing to you my top picks top
picks that sounds stupid when I say
bellow basically I told you guys to
tweet me topics and talk about it these
are my top picks topics okay yeah I'm
gonna be moving around a lot because
that a td+ had to take aim at topic yes
would you ever have kids I break my own
yeah
can't take the ones from a park of joy I
want kids so I can prove to people hey
my vagina work thanks don't to give my
kids sounds some people call it a name
but I'm gonna name my kid
I can't wait to ruin a life that isn't
my guys don't worry I'm gonna be an
awesome death
well it's are great places well that's
also make me sad I work all day on
something just to have it go to it's
like I look a little bit of myself every
time next time milk I love milk even
though I can drink it and be around
people afterwards I am lactose
intolerant as I am socially in public so
I drink in that milk but that is not
okay to say on camera I love milk so
much I make my own one day I've been
buying it for a year I can't wait to
save money on it that's how you know
achieving it but my kids my kids are
gonna stop do you see these yeah I don't
either
is this gonna make a beverage I'm gonna
have like two trips a day I'm gonna stop
at these little jokes but I'm gonna stop
me to do jokes because I've made too
many and they're just falling flat
our topic is the pair I'm smooth just
kidding I never shave you can't tell I'm
Cameron my hair is very fine like my
people grow hair for other people I can
barely enough from us like weave is yeah
I'm Indian so I'm a disappointment I'll
buy this I've chopped the stock put it
in a bag people go and think up seven
pubes thanks Tommy
we have mental health sometimes you end
it ain't curled up in a bath talking to
yourself no but I know you want a piece
of my mind kind of hard though cuz I've
lost it but I have anxiety seemingly I
really practice socially but it explains
my job of me sitting in a tub of talking
myself and keep in mind and something
that everybody lives with anxiety is
marital rooming I don't it's like to be
stuck inside even though I'm out of my
mind to be really scared talk about my
anxiety until I realized social anxiety
is a great conversation to talk about
we've all lost our minds while we find
each other so we have a couple more
topics topics there as perverts like a
comb do to Daddy
I've talked about myself too much
already yes I make them every day my
uterus and I wonder what my demographic
is mostly one birth my mom gave me that
one nasty major are you okay I'm okay
know that Liza Co she rocks thank you
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and if
you did please make sure to give it a
big thumbs up because you're cute I'm
probably just really really flirted with
a bunch of young children but thank you
guys so much for watching and I'll see
you guys next one
and I upload a well I said by Mike drop
my Eric that makes me think of the brown
girl they forgot to cast in stranger
things hey y'all what a these projects
us what she's brown and not racist it's
physically impossible I was on FaceTime
with David and he had no idea that Mike
was here flat line Oh
one-sided do be so big I called my mom
and told you grandma here's a tip just
the two whenever I eat an entire pint of
ice cream which is often I always leave
a little bit in there so I feel less
guilty no I didn't eat the whole thing
there's like half left be hearing this
guy mow his lawn is the closest I'm
gonna get the socializing
little brown girl looks crazy
