yeah hey guys what up it's a girl lies
coming out oops
coming at you and welcome back to my
youtube channel dates video is about
accessories and what they say about you
when you wear no this is not sponsored
much better still confused you a little
stupid here let's Google eight no we're
not sponsored the heck is that much
better Rhea finish yeah make something
more attractive Oh looks like me to Dave
synonyms extra oh I'm an accessory an
article that adds attractiveness to
one's basic outfit let's try this I'm
back a bet and accessory right let's see
if this works
oh no you know what I do feel attractive
now and work this is what your
accessories say about you honey you need
more than I had to pick out of mouth
she's not wearing a man I'm also talking
to Allie we're talking about you oh I
guess we were talking trash then wearing
a scarf around your neck to cover up
what your boyfriend left behind wearing
a wedding good drop a head to your
boyfriend hey David I'm gay hahahaha I'm
the branded pass so you're a fan of star
leaving yeah man Wingardium what else
I'm wearing a baseball hat back will you
chew gum aggressively at baseball that's
my son
wearing a back but I'm going to school
for business wearing big sunglass your
high or your drop up or your Stevie
Wonder
wearing a hankerchief it says I'm ready
to chloroform anybody at any moment when
you secure a headband that pulls back
your snitch like wearing Botox wearing a
feather boa are a little crazy but you
work a 95 9:00 p.m. to 5:00 a.m.
40 bucks hoods wearing flowers Miriam I
love colors I'm art seeing basically
Frida Kahlo wearing high nisa in case
nobody could tell I'm wearing stuff
wearing a scrunchie could have used a
regular hair tie but I'm just I'm
wearing a little book my parents love me
wearing a medium sized bow my parents
haven't looked at me in a while wearing
a big but my parents say right that
weird hat that doesn't have a name but
kind of looks like this you're the one
white girl that's super diverse dance
move I'm Caucasian costs wearing
headphones so she'll interaction hey man
what's up sorry I could hear you got a
headphones on but somehow that works
wearing hair droop Coachella is eight
months away Eddie took the drugs for
wearing up a door her band from
playground try to moonwalk but it makes
people feel uncomfortable have you been
asking for hugs and smells can I have a
hug sharing a bed you're either a waiter
at an Italian restaurant I'm gonna have
your order or you're a little boy out of
eighth grade dance
hi can I have this dance wearing a mask
is an EMT who I am
hey Jeff hey dude animal ears I don't
know what animal this is wearing slipper
I never wear real shoes because they
don't go outside so I bought these so my
feet have a purpose wearing a cap I rock
my arms I could get attention that's
weird everybody has the same handwriting
what okay don't wearing cat ears wearing
a fake fur coat want people to pet you
someone please touch me oh wow it is
touch me touch me so that is all I have
for you guys today you guys so what
you're watching in toward you yourselves
below I hope you guys will do this video
and if you did please make sure to give
it a big thumbs up because we're talking
secret fast me stone totally I'll see
you guys next week day with lights there
bad girl is yeah hi my name is Susan
what's up I'm Steph
you can call me Steph because I'm hard I
may be right but throughout the movie
I'm gonna learn how to crop then at the
very end I'm gonna grind on Jerome
before I read comments and cry about
them later yes this video is inspired
influenced and stolen from jenna Marbles
okay bye
I live with an older single woman she's
my mom but things are getting pretty
serious every day is
wearing a branded hat
