yeah hey guys what up it's a girl Liza
hoping that you and welcome back to my
youtube channel and welcome to tried vs.
book allow me to explain like many other
young men my age I don't know how to
cook I only know how to burn which is
why I'm going to try cook a recipe right
and then I'm going to compare it to
something that I bought these meet that
English bye and then to figure out which
is better I'll have someone taste test
who has the best taste in women they
call eggplant emoji okay so I'm gonna
cook something for you so what's
something that you want me to make for
you other than children okay or should I
say okay Cydia that's right let's go
right now should I actually don't have
that I will after I eat this quesadilla
alright mommy let's get in the mood to
make some mix of you know bonus to
Nestor Ola Teddy said
now that I smell too offensive to go out
in public
let's go shopping stick transition thank
you so these are what dress look like
guys chickens have bigger boobs than I
did you know this is too intimidating
for me so I'm gonna buy some precooked
chick we're all scares me oh Jesus
what I can't find any pie Cote gala I
mean people together every Hispanic
person just cringe and every white
person was like I love me some pie Cup
this little guy reminds me of David
it's his worst night maybe we are doing
but it's time to go cook and it's time
for another next transition I'm glad you
like welcome to my kitchen it's hot and
so is my kitchen now before it gets any
huh allow me to introduce myself my name
Jay baby let's go look you may be
doubting my cooking abilities but I know
how to make a chicken quesadilla okay
where'd it go if you cha financing
classes aren't you won't cry yeah I
don't think this is working I still feel
sick I just wrapped up all these bell
peppers and I just realized I didn't
wash them or my hands now next we're
gonna be braiding their cheese yeah okay
so I just realized this was here the
whole time guys this is a no way
sponsored SmartWater so I bought this
pre-made chicken but they're member I
have homemade fried chicken I can hear
oh really no this is a good idea but I'm
just gonna wing it
so you guys noticed David is wait what
yeah so let's add this favorite spice
stop gonna put a little oh it's gonna be
too spicy oh my got a quesadilla is just
a Mexican grilled cheese these tortillas
look like my butt cheeks but we're gonna
put some refried be there we go now it
looks more like my booties Brown and
guessing should I put some more cheese I
guess so
it's hot and so is my case it's a foot
you may think that looks too Brown that
just makes you crazy
yes my quesadilla is done but the deal
ain't over yet whaddya means de gringo
now that we have tried it's time to I'm
gonna order in a quesadilla from a place
called dos boletos don't know Spanish
that means to me tacos
where the competition is here let's see
what she looks like it looks like has no
flavor and David will probably choose
this we have our driver so we have two
hot quesadillas in front of you and one
time girl
oh no wait Stacy came to watch Stacy
okay anyways one of these is made by me
and the other one is made by Mexican
restroom first one what's in it I don't
like chicken or cheese disappear Wow
first one's gonna be pretty unbeatable
this one which is the penis no want it
to be what I already know like a smiling
good way okay Wow explosion gonna make
my house dissolve what do you think of
this one this is good it gets the job
done
okay Sofia - but on the other hand goes
above and beyond where the quesadilla
come to a decision and I wanna so that's
that big of a fan of quesadillas let me
break it down for you so you'll
understand it's just like my friend this
is like my girlfriend yeah sometimes you
get tired of this and you want to start
hooking up with your friend know which
one tastes the best my final decision on
which one tastes the best this one with
the peppers okay I saw that your peppers
cut up there
because you always go over the top and
you always keep it yeah
what you kind of did is like serve me a
cheese P and then you went and you made
a pizza with everything on top of it
okay
other girls but if you enjoyed this
video please make sure to give it a big
thumbs up because because everybody
knows exactly and that's it for the
video we'll see you guys next Wednesday
or Thursday okay I'm here with white
girl wrong girl
so can you mix them around here it goes
she's not really yeah that's right oh
good
so weird that I'm questioning my
sexuality Oh would you look at that my
booty has its own merch this is my
nickname for David
so just I don't want us today but just
texting
