I feel like I'm about to randomly scream
I recommend turning down your volume but
it's almost as cute as looking in a
mirror
baby girl lies on top of that boo this
is my pants okay
and welcome back to my youtube channel
baby sick sorry guys today I'm
babysitting
no seriously anyways today I'm with
child just my baby
Oh baby anyways you guys started asking
me questions on Twitter to ask a little
Isis today I'm gonna ask a little
licensed first question how do you ever
peed your pants is there someone else
I'm supposed to be you don't think so
next question why do you look so much
like Liza
that's weak you are such a little baby
yeah I am what's the next question what
is your favorite kind of mass a kidnap
make sense next question say the
alphabet backwards
next question you see your daddy had the
same patty of you David what what's up
next question have you ever pooped your
diaper that was awful babies I put my
next question what is your favorite tool
a story now what's your favorite show
and tell next question what is your
favorite drink good buzu Oh boobs and
alcohol next question what is your
favorite kind of food baby food like -
next question if you had one wish what
would you wish to never go out no it's
not that bad it seems worse than it is
it looks worse next question what is
your favorite position title what do you
want to do in the future
boys excuse me boys okay next question
top or bottom I feel booboo coming out
next question who is your Roma
it's Maya she does a lot of all baby fat
I like baby boom next question are you
vegan all cuz west milk isn't a vegan I
know I'm a fetus next question who does
David like so are you I like how little
you are
I like a little you are why that next
question if you could go anywhere where
would you go in my pant this question
what's it like being the cutest thing in
the guys I taught you to tweet her
questions about me go if you don't next
question Flores Davis I'm on top of the
pervert next question what is the
difference between that and men one is
fun and the other one is not fun math
yeah
math is not what mmm next question what
are you gonna be when you grow up
apparently uglies rude next question
what is the dirtiest letter in the
alphabet P I just did right now next
question what is the difference between
a kiss and a peck if you kiss new you
get cooties if we buck you you get play
that's false you can get pregnant from
either one day away from his back last
question what is your favorite song to
twerk to thank you guys so much for
watch I hope you guys enjoyed this video
if you did big ol Papa and I'll see you
guys next week day with my sad little
ground
you sucka MC's gotta finish with me cuz
I'm cute I'm small I'm a little baby
