yeah muscle Eisen hey guys what it's a
girl that's okay and welcome back to my
youtube channel oh wait a second no this
is not sponsored like that anyways
that's right baby that's a little
randomly aggressive my back a little
stuck my teeth yeah dude I got my groove
on I really do love when I'm correct
changes girl because who wouldn't rather
talk to an inanimate off anything hello
yo so much better than B but I love what
text goes from hey girl to hate like a
grill
hey true how about we open up and get to
know each other grill okay you're trying
to mix a grill get all up in my career
it's time to grill baby feel like a
father grilling right now call me Ted
not now David's daddy
anyways let's get back up from Texas
which means I know how to grip but I
live in LA now so it's time to make a
vegan real upset let's grill this steak
think you're special closure air hey you
gotta be such a handsome babe I'm sorry
that was weird
I'm done sorry you just got to stay oh
no I actually burned it well I have
another vegetarian option over here
everybody I love for my lip effects one
Presbyterians pescetarians Christian
don't worry this is completely
vegetarian the fish was vegetarian what
can i smoke before this salmon alright
I'm gonna stop fishing for jokes now and
let's grill this dish it's you why do
you like tuna fish why you gonna smell
it the ladies yeah but you gotta taste
so good question it was sexuality don't
look at me like that
sorry I just I had to stick it to him
yeah I don't really have a skewer sticks
these giant toothpick so let's try to
poke this like a space book inside us
but the stick in the mouth suddenly is
starting to feel very PG 13 minutes very
sorry twelve-year-old vegan excuse me bo
why did you go you know what it's okay
cuz we got bigger fish to fry
you got vegetables to grow I found Remo
so let's grill these vegetables what I
forgot to change the camera angle there
we go yo oh wow he's got a chopping up
before I eat you because you look ready
dog stop yeah is it just a bunch of P
piece making me think vegans are a bunch
of partners with your boyfriend cheats
on you
no seriously babe don't sorry
alright let's actually grab some burgers
yes I got some but not these brown ones
but I got these look and as if this
video wasn't already cheesy enough
woman okay grouchy I'm gonna just go
ahead and cut the cheese because that's
all I have for you guys today thank you
guys and grill so much for watching I
hope you enjoyed this video if you did
please make sure to give it a big thumbs
up but if you did it there's other
videos you can watch there's other fish
in the screen I'll see you guys next
Louie day with my little brown boy my
white yeah I'm half white but am i
overexposed
yeah yeah straight up a look like a
suburban mother who would make Tostitos
pizza rolls after school I have a son
his name is Greg his name is Gregory but
what court case only call him Greg
Fischer Greg won the big game today
it's like hot sauce to me this is Susie
but she hasn't list so she thinks her
name is sushi I am changing my name to
sue cuz I wash it
son named Jimmy I make him Tostitos
pizza rolls at school Oh today you won
the good games so he's given a hot pack
