yeah hey guys what up it's a girl
Iceland I'm coming at you welcome back
to our YouTube channel guys I'm super
excited to be creating right now for
YouTube red I love the color red now I
know you guys have been complaining
about my short videos so I decided to
make 22 minute long ones on YouTube red
let me say YouTube red what was that
YouTube red take your shot every time I
say YouTube red so this video is a
little BTS no not the band this video is
a little behind the scenes right any
Wi-Fi nice it's been how many people it
takes to put this all together
today I hope you guys enjoyed this video
if it's a please make sure to give it a
big thumbs up because I have two very
special people I want to introduce to
you guys I will meet them they're my new
side no this is all from one day of
shooting that we were at high school so
I'm just giving you guys this isn't the
whole series but I'm super excited you
guys go to YouTube
