yeah it's a girl last part is the only
reason why I brush my teeth welcome back
to my youtube channel
I have anxiety sure I just don't know
what anxiety means but I also have
anxiety
sorry my anxiety is more social than I
am yo we should go out later I love
going everywhere with her anyways I've
been thinking
oh that's it I just think especially in
conversation you I don't have with
myself here allow me to explain this is
me Mom I'm Jen
sorry that's Jeff this it's me hey it's
me god she's cute and these are why
cause these are my thoughts oh sorry I
wasn't even thinking and this is a very
good-looking young man and this is what
happens when these all meat literally
public and I'm talking to No we'll see
you later
no I'm not cuz that is a big phone call
should do this more often
no a boy under contract a boy
well don't cry yeah so how are you doing
I'm good how are you so what are you
doing out today just trying to come out
you know what I mean yeah I think I just
told him I'm gay well time to go home
and overthink this interaction
it's nice talking to you liar hey wait
attention what do you do and like to
talk to myself hang out some friends so
talk to myself and cool what is that
smell smells like I don't know looks
like poor people to quit now see it's
you it's you it's you it's me now you
smell like booty Oh huh what he's a
comedian
okay casual like jokes yeah they're
funny well you got any you can tell pray
for you are you okay never yeah no just
thinking not really okay hit me
did you just it you're the one that told
me to sorry I just did it without
thinking oh it's appreciated good social
interaction I can handle but I hope you
enjoyed this video and if you did please
make sure to give it a big thumbs up
because editing this was hard as it was
worth it and I'll see you guys next
Wednesday with Liza on now I committed
it oh it could be Thursday little brown
girl is it ye it was worth it guys today
because I have no more anxiety i am i
watching dad yo the walking dad
