hey let me grab your attention I should
probably get consent first yeah guys
look at my double dude you can't see him
wearing camouflage it hey what up it's a
girl lies a community and welcome back
to our YouTube dude I'm gonna put this
hoodie on sale stop staring at my
enormous breasts another's casual plant
the placement of cheer looks like I'm
about to be interviewed right now and I
am by you guys you guys ask me questions
on Twitter because where do you see
yourself in 10 years probably still the
beer socks on Kristen share about black
or white what's the most expensive thing
you own David I married a kiss whatever
object was to your right yeah fill the
room with beers what would it look like
inside sexy white or white David's boat
could tear you to oldest place for Ted
brown or white brown if it put these
white you should see a doctor what's it
like being the cutest man in the world I
don't know hey David what's it like
dating the cutest man in the world you
could change your name to anything what
would it be anything I dare you to post
on the day after Wednesday was gonna
post this Wednesday but since you told
me to I guess I'll posted a chapter lies
the do Kristen's makeup with a blindfold
on you look amazing sweetie Reiser
do you love you as you would think my
boyfriend stay in it I dare you to
boobie slap
Flores David I fell for you
show me your foot where are you from my
dad's the only B place drop your
skincare routine okay I dare you to make
a dab montage
so that is all you guys have to be today
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you guys enjoyed this video if you
did please make sure to raise your
standards I'll see you guys next one day
with lies ye how many kids do you want
scream that while driving in a white van
buy apples five six seven eight one two
three four five six seven eight
everybody say goodbye my friend question
say bike what then
