yeah lies to come an ague root yoga guru
welcome back to my youtube channel
recently I've been doing your girl
yogurt now I have done a yoga video book
but I've needed to do it again really
because I've just been bent up but I
just had to make the time to go you know
anybody can I'm just have to be flexible
yo guys don't worry I've been to a yoga
class before I'm not a poser but I kind
of you sat through and adds it anyways
yo it's something you'll never be good
as why they call it a practice is you
practicing not fighting in a public
space
that's not namaste that's the next thing
but people say yoga is a great way to
get closer to your inner self which is
why the goal in yoga is to get as close
to your crotch as possible which is why
some people say yoga stakes not but hey
you've got to have balls to do you know
seriously now in yoga they were hated Li
tell you to grieve that you haven't been
doing it your entire life speaking of
good luck not using yours in you but
every yoga student does especially the
one that just went to Chipotle gasps you
know what everybody take a deep breath
in
then you also have the guy at yoga who
Boyd's good heavy breathing of the guy
that could never hold a pose everyone
please raise up your right arm now all
of this yoga is being taught by yogi not
to be confused with yoga doctor but
there's different types of yoga teachers
ones like this gasps the quiet one what
what randomly rings a bell
so here are some yoke do's and yo yeah
yo John feel a lot
Yoga for challenge but don't crack under
pressure yo just posturing your exile
sorry I had a Doritos Locos Tacos yo do
breathe I want everyone to inhale deeply
I mean everyone deeply inhale right yo
do let all your problems go don't think
about your phone bills your lack of
social skills and boobies haha but yo
definitely deal with these yoga poses
like the half moon the full moon well
bow and arrow stats yeah crow no camel
poop camel toe that'd be Expo press
holes happy baby cry baby tick doll face
savasana bananajana
talk about marijuana so that is all I
have for you guys today thank you guys
so much for watching me have balls yoga
balls but I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did please make sure to
give it a big thumbs up because my balls
hurt and I'll see you guys next day
after Wednesday with lies little brown
Yogi's yeah charlie it's also called I
meant a Beyonce concert this pose is
called frog it's also called hey is this
video still monetize this cuz it's
called scorpion it's also called when
you call it yoga guru named Matthew yoga
mat gotta go therapy for my mom does
give me the DS and we become Vidya
