yeah hey guys it's a girl Liza coming at
you and welcome back to my youtube
channel
yes I am aware that my haircut makes me
look like a second grade teacher it
slash your babysitter's lash your aunt
that's cool but since it looks like I
substituted for fourth grade let me
teach you something you may not know
when I film these videos I never wear
pants I wear shorts what the what are
you doing down here you trying to see
some Brown wad over really sometimes a
word nothing what a dress
you nasty okay but really sometimes I
don't wear shirt I wear a tube top you
freakin pervert but without a bra okay
just update I'm gonna go rip my nipples
off now anyways I want you to take me
serious this now that I look like I
could lead a worship service but look
close can say a lot about you this is
what your clothes say about you please
stop talking behind your jokes are worn
out like what your clothes say about you
wearing a white shirt can't eat anything
while you're wearing a white shirt
because you're bound to spill something
on it wearing a black shirt well I can
literally spill anything on this shirt
and I'll never see wearing patterned
pants
my pants are making up for the lack of
attention I got as a child wearing a
crop top throw the shirt off a baby
wearing your favorite bands t-shirt hey
so you like Pink Floyd yeah who's your
favorite band members Floyd wearing
overall boobies wearing a bikini hey
white friends of mine this is for
swimming not tanning I'm already brown
with Vicks video wearing camel and I you
can't see me sorry was I not in the
frame wearing a white outfit you know I
am not on my period
try me world wearing a red out I'm on my
period and I'm not wearing a pen
what's up wearing a full brown outfit i
have explosive diarrhea and I look like
I work for UPS
Oh wearing street style yo sup I'm
creative
wearing an oversized oh wow it sure is
huge well I guess I better fill it out
wearing workout clothes oh hey go into
the gym when you don't actually work it
who's Jim wearing your boyfriend's
clothes whoa dude here's a way bigger
than mine wearing nothing
what okay and this video is not
monetized
wearing a blue shirt you work at Walmart
and/or Vespa hi how can I help you or
your 12 year old boy middle school
uniform how can you help me please
wearing a red shirt it means you work at
Target okay can a girl wear a red shirt
without looking like she works at Target
wearing a khaki colored choice
I'm gonna go dumpster diving wearing
sweat pants you know I really don't get
why they call them wearing your
favorite musicians t-shirt do not love
chance the rapper so wearing a plain
t-shirt hey you can never go wrong with
the plenty though I'm saying wearing a
shrug dude that's a literally a scarf
I know why do they call it a shrug
wearing a suit it means business
wearing a swimsuit means business but it
means business in the pool wearing yoga
pants
I like yoga nope just the pants wearing
shoulder pads super convenient when
you're on your period wearing an
undershirt oh crap I forgot wearing a PQ
I really don't get why they call it a
Pico guys today because my haircuts
telling me it's time to go pick up my
kids but thank you guys so much for
washing your clothes like I always do
and I'll see you
next day after Wednesday with lies the
Broncos said Ye hey guys why did look
close makes us better I don't know who I
am I'm at having an identity crisis
little boy
yeah little boy ant little boy ant
little boy your aunt I have a tiny
peepee I teach fourth grade English did
you see that fine coming right in front
of me oh my god it did it again
I just realized supply is being a lot
more intense because it wants my
pepperoni these are for David what hey
there I look like the human
representation of a period and a tampon
commercial check it out oh my god wonder
why my demographic is mostly women huh I
get why people run says when you do run
cause like you're doing a lot of things
look sounds like I'm about to start a
fire with my crotch
slices having ready
