yeah Jesus I did not see this it's okay
it happens I'm talking I'm sorry I'm
just a little reading something but hey
guys that's me what a fun change he
realizes our show today
sorry no tires ain't clear now welcome
tea bags to my Channel today I'm going
to taste some - you mean be no good
alright I see that it's going to happen
do this some kind of tease it nasty you
guys even know what T is let me tease
you let me still the team oh man now the
t-shirt but look a cup of tea is just
not my cup of quick chat man that's mine
see but it's literally like a bunch of
old dead leaves sitting water-- this is
a plant Corp but it doesn't taste good
enough has a bunch of sugar
I mean bootie would taste good and as
one sugar I mean that is my favorite
kind of a fruit do what it smells so
good it smells like bottled water again
it takes like a bit me come on man this
looks like a tampon look at it color are
your people pretty sure when they were
naming this something got mixed up along
the way someone offered someone else to
pick - hey there
radical face what does that solve a cup
of tea and share and discuss or since
then we call PE t I know G is supposed
to wake you up at 4:00 a tradition is a
civil war time
I think if you look I'm not high okay I
just drink too much it is pretty much
since I mean why do you think they call
it cheaper tell me if you see a
difference this is change this is just
kidding guys this isn't actually do the
kids don't do drugs duty a lot cheaper
troubling well anyways I know tea should
be relaxing for sure that's why it
really confuses me when they call it a
teapot relaxing at all but this is what
I imagined happening at a cheaper
really that's supposed to be relaxing
while in a stressful social situation
however a teapot mysterious things you
know how do you know when you're ready
to relent oh you know when I scream
relax oh man it's a traumatic experience
it puts the tea in PTSD and I'm still
not happy about but I know G has great
quality which is exactly why I drink it
tasty but there's all different kinds of
cheese I just want to be alphabet very
humble - Oh chief chai tea white tea
black tea stripe suit tie to diversity
nice to talk to sweetie yeah babe I'm
not usually no statement submitted to
2017 QRS and English Brooke but in all
honesty I do drink pee I mean she gives
you clarity right Coolidge units
positivity that's all the creativity
that I have you guys just because I ran
out of teeth but not personality it's
not something but thank you guys so much
for watching guys enjoyed this video if
you did please make sure to give a big
thumbs up and I'll be a little thirsty
and I'll see you guys next Wednesday
with little brown drone is 0 iiy Oh what
do you do okay black sugar I add bleach
time to try my big drum shirt if nothing
is loud and obnoxious don't do drugs
like the last row my VP win the team it
would be alone - oh hey what's up steak
in with wings
sorry guys I'm flying my drone cake and
I said whoo oh hey parents watching this
with Aaron questionable children don't
worry my middle age demographic this is
just for macho having good eating is
keeps disease they're breaking you know
what accepted
don't worry Karen I'm not encouraging
your drugs to do kids sorry daddy single
who
