ko-nach apostle of pretty girls go from
girl 30cm oh I hated you a very
subtitles on oh I'm kidding I love white
people up that's not like that oh by the
way I'm really not know really my
boyfriend's like actually my mom's way
yeah I got it up it's a girl live for
coming in and welcome back to my youtube
channel
that's right and get this cut off my
sweet what are you doing here you're not
any wearing the Grinch but I am back
what yeah seriously have a hole in your
pants and I'm and I'm oh oh oh I
don't so many women don't probably wants
it back
oh I wish it changes back and sides meet
oh sorry I meant to say I should change
my pants change to what I don't know
maybe change to Paris you'rea with the
black friends if you're gonna take a
little get out okay if I'm not seriously
you look stupid with your holding pen
nope empties with non-tech I'm bra
doesn't hear them okay look man this is
a style
yeah it's called out of style Oh what
are you the fashion police woman what
they're going to help you let me do it
with it you mean do this for me yes sir
that's implied yeah you are look go
ahead a little bit of regret it why do I
hear so many women saying that he should
be see it right now we're inky and I'm
sorry I'm so fashionably late okay I'm
on my pick all that off and put this on
I didn't hand me anything
I know okay here check that off oh sorry
I'm so used to screaming that okay do
you Marie I'm not it's okay no I'm going
to change turn around okay sorry
cover your eyes
Oh close oh no I'm not close to colder
okay I'm not okay okay I'm gonna hear a
little overdressed I'm barely ready
haha Jesus Jack did you just pull out
something pretty might be hard to get
anyway okay here try thank you don't
walk on looking oh no does this dress
like my butt look big what but does this
dress make me look fat no you just make
the dress look bigger
what about what about no flannel is a
big fashion on your room is everything
okay in your mind okay let's see yeah
what about what about this oh my god
that fits like a glove because it is oh
yeah that's what I thought yeah I know
this one was a bit of string right here
let me see herbal beef I mean put this
on sorry English is hard okay don't look
I'm not okay what do you think uh
Thailand somebody's gonna turn head
really yes somebody else will look ugly
here try this okay don't move I'm not a
square I swear to God I would never go
round this pressure okay what are you to
get internet Chiquita banana you are
dressed to kill we actually kill
somebody if they looked at you you're
looks cool okay can you be a little bit
nicer this is Hartford okay can you put
yourself in my shoes
well thank you those are ugly too you're
trying gosh dang it don't look out there
I don't want to look at your cake okay
call us what do you think oh my gosh
look at me and uh you mean buck no I
mean duck like a million ugly rock like
the looks top hats a little below the
belt
don't you think there's a lot but on my
belt here what do I do
let me play Carlos black chica don't
worry anything okay let your personality
shine or whatever tumblr saying you know
huh you're right oh you actually helped
me God anything for you mama see so you
know I'm here for you at a drop of a hat
know why I feel good you look good I
mean yeah but I don't need to look good
I just need a feeling you know what hats
off to that I'm passed off to if you're
not a fan I really do feel pretty and
it's not because you say it because I
feel it now
about what you wear it's about as you
feel while this randomly got Gordon
Cooper all Carlo I can't help everyone
wear my heart on my sleeve literally but
I'm like I don't care what you wear man
I love it oh wait why did you have me
try on so many offices I just wanted to
see you Mick oh my god so that's all we
have for you guys today and though I
love to see more I hope you guys enjoyed
this video I then and if you did please
give it a big thumbs up how do you guys
make the Wednesday with Liza work the
night with Carlos you know I'm a little
brown grading felt of the close by is
distress make my boobs look bigger
in that case I'll wear it forever my
summer sky oh my god yes it's gonna make
the latest luck
