hey thanks for being here I didn't have
an intro hey guys what a girl Liza come
again and welcome back to my youtube
channel I'm going to do my the title
today I have bloopers for you but ha
just kidding for me I have to go return
this to you bye bye for that one line I
have extra nice to meet you but today
I'm I just ate a blooper to show you
that it's okay
y'all miss that you know no one's
perfect I'm not perfect I was just
running out of ideas that's why I'm
doing anyway here are a bunch of
bloopers spit back to return all of
these is the please don't ask a girl
that over there I'll add you I know I
normally don't wear my glasses I just
hope you'll find a 2-second them because
that eyes nose my boobs which don't
exist they need have been my
prescription for these have you ever
thought you were a lesbian Joe dude I'm
dating David I fear you to try to do
gymnastics in the middle of the store
and repeatedly fail in front of people
okay for Bob five four three two I
bought it back over cookie ha ha ha ha
ha mom what is something you spit on
that has beat furniture you Nancy oh and
David buckling well for we walk away I'm
weddy stop buckling my name is Jeff
mm a - or at least try super-quick
communicating between you about how the
bottle filled together what is going a
new job everybody
good cutter photography we're not
allowed to have in the store me helps me
watch
she helped me go to see you the amount
of slices made from this pipe we tied to
talk to thanks for watching
higher are you at the end of the video
Wow
so those are all the bloopers I have for
you guys today well the end of this
video if you did please make sure to
give it a big thumbs up because cloths
have hands but they don't have them but
thank you so much for watching I'll see
you guys next one day with luck little
blooper in there and brown girls pie I
exit yeah Wow
so today I have two over three ha ha ha
through
one reward that amigos let me know
