yeah yeah yeah okay this is just
pathetic does anybody have change for
this yeah hi guys what up it's a girl
Liza a combination welcome back to my
youtube channel
let me tell you guys people call me
cheap they also call me Liza and
sometimes I come in hey I might see
weird oh yeah man I'm cheap and
impressed I love pinching pennies
especially with pennies consent look I'm
sorry for the cheap joke but there's
really nothing wrong with cheapskate
okay they're less expensive
okay the amount of punch I've made is
absolutely price which is why baby I'm
cheap come on now so are you a see you
right now on YouTube is free I know you
napping okay well there's all this talk
is cheap and you are to listen can we
talk about how you know if your cheer
will cost you I you know you're cheap is
if you have 88 email accounts you
created to get free trial for Netflix
you know you get a boyfriend just so he
can pay for things and you can get
things for free
yeah Norwich if you don't buy self worth
toothbrush or deodorant so you can save
money I mean who needs it anyway you
know you're cheap if you extend the life
of your soda you fill that up with water
dad coke you know your chief every time
you go out you can never find your
credit card fast enough to pay you know
you're cheap if you eat food off the
ground because you don't want to waste
it oh dude Road what that's a rule yeah
but you didn't drop it what's your point
if you spent on your body to cover your
ass Neiman because you swear as the same
ingredients with lotion you know your
Chi if you buy get clothes because
they're cheap and fit your feticide body
you know if you use public water
fountains for drinking and bathing
purposes you're not you're cheap if you
change the expiration date on
so it last long there we go now we have
two three or jungle dirt cheap if your
toilet paper consistent Taco Bell nap
yet you stole from Taco Bell
maybe there's no K put my bum you know
you're cheap if you wonder why people
call things dirty this is
$8 you know you're G if you eat baby
food
jeepers are ba and kind of taste good
you know you're cheap if you don't go to
the doctor when you need to you know
you're she if the same cleaner you're
used to clean your house you also use to
clean your body you know your cheese if
you save the tiniest bits of food that
are at York you know you're cheap if you
date a guy with the Tesla's set of eyes
so that is all I have two guys today
because that's all I can afford right a
video so sure but you know tens money
and I'm treating but I hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did please
make sure to give it a big sound of that
because it costs nothing to feed my ego
go ahead feel free it's free I'll see
you guys next hopefully Wednesday with
life little brown sheeps Kansas right
good so guys and girls and I am
