yeah hey guys what if it's a girl lies
that you to my the to triple yes I do
some of the sexiest of no but my voice
is a little hoarse
but anyway anyway I have make important
things I have enjoyed making videos for
a while but this video it is out the
blueprints of all of those videos yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this video because
it took me weeks to film all of this so
here are some blue eyes
everybody's wearing white shirts today
and I can't tell who actually works here
hey do in my name is Caucasian she won't
take that all don't have anything
offensive all I'm about more leaves in a
sausage would you call Food for Thought
sausage this matter worse it's the best
it's a sausage coming Jimmy Dean gonna
leave me Francis had no money buddy to
be selfish or am basically a sausage
sausage next I'm Clara well then I'd say
I'm big
I love rapping we also have these white
eggs
oh no cuz with white guys I feel like
I'm on crack what's up oh my god they
were twins look I'm making eggs while
I'm making eggs probably has a great
personality well would you look at that
they have a whole section dedicated to
me because I'm actually you spend a lot
of time here but guess what you spawn
was baseball say focus ha I don't let
anything touch my butt unless it has a
name which is why I know why my booty
with toilet paper anymore I'll only wipe
my booty what fancy wiping my butt with
Hortensia it makes me question my
sexuality
you shout out to all the people who
caught me looking Escobedo Savannah and
Gracia all by things like tell me how
much things on night then you mean that
down yeah they sell me walking in
looking all stupid but I like to keep it
all the times that's okay this is Sarah
she's just as passionate about babies
but she actually has one so it's less
crazy this girl right here I'm you know
coke oh may think meeting you guys is
the reason why I do this like a big
compliment in person usually
more than eco-friendly so that is all I
have for you guys thank you guys so much
for watching hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did please make sure to
give it a big thumbs up because you
can't taste it I dare your friends to do
their best impression of you
you
