yeah - girl that come with it and
welcome back to my youtube channel may
be wondering why I'm in a bit
well I answer is beyond me yeah editing
is at this world and that is my
stretchable way of telling you that
today we're going to bed back - and
y'all excuse me I'm passionate I do
really love how they call a dead bat all
stuff in your bed stuff for your bath
and a whole bunch other stuff so
basically - are you I mean what else
could I need I have everything that I
need for my bed whoa how much is that I
mean I do have everything for my backs
up or so but that's option and I don't
know how to be gone let's go get in bed
shall we I have a boyfriend
let's go through the bed section this is
a spring mattress I wish I could use it
all year I'm sorry
oh she these are soft I would make more
bedrooms but they're all dead sorry I
can be better than that okay so you came
to bed with me let's go to back
somewhere I've never been before yes
yeah I don't need any of this stuff
mainly because I don't take this but I
can draw a bath ha ha ha I'm gonna go
it's bad back let's go see what they
have in the beyond section oh my god I
got polar bears words ding I know as you
guys are wondering am I able to make
puns will let me tell you I am very a
bull let me tell you something when it
comes to the amount of puns I have the
less is long what do you call a pretty
girl from Turkey Turkish model whoa I
mean I'm not a doctor but acha touch I
wonder if people know that these towels
all do the same thing or so bad why are
there so many but it really makes you
realize how many wet booties there are
in this world what do you call a test in
art class listener I'm telling you these
kids nowadays are just using a bunch of
pot well why don't you just use a pan
hey I wanted boys hit puberty footballs
guy Phillips dad literally does not care
about
I had to tell him they still son I care
dude stop being a wuss and just call her
you know sometimes you really get a kick
a breather and pause life why why do you
need so many nice they all do the same
thing there are different nice for each
person you killed let's just brief it
you know I have a mirror and I want to
buy another one but they just all look
the same
yes they all look the same my god that
one's broken
my friend has bunch of kids and I said
so having those kids she's like no and I
was like okay it's your Virginia but if
it was me I would tied to this guy
called me ugly and I said hey you know
that's a lie son you know who is ugly
your mother
someone else may have had boobs or butt
and I said oh Nita if you learn that
come on Gavin why why are there so many
plates for my food my food tastes the
same on every what my soup tastes the
same in every Bowl I mean am i right or
am i white and half white why are there
so many different types of chairs I'm
just looking for the cheapest thing for
me to put my butt on Dave is not here
hello what kids watch my gym work I
think we should cut Larry I told them we
need Jimmy somebody called Jimmy and
they said Kimmel and I said no call
silence Brett find somebody else that
this is all the coffee that they have
and I looked over here and realized
Dasom Bob okay clearly that was all the
puns that I had I have to stop myself
look myself in the mirror and say jerk
done so that is all I have for you guys
today because I got a bed back on the
golf but thank you guys so much for
watching yoga and you'll beyond but I
hope you guys enjoyed this video if you
did please make sure to give it a big
thumbs up come on go ahead let it happen
I'll see you guys next add a little ice
a little Bed Bath Beyond brown girl now
play
hi guys this is Tanner and this is Sam
just mad at Bed Bath and Beyond
they're also sponsored sisters amazing
you're Xerxes is Lauren Suzanne desert
and there my little confidence booster
quickly stop this is London I've never
been there before how is it I have been
there either
what is London your country Oh guys make
sure to go disgusted there's a bundle
below because I am video ok but Oh baby
wondering why my turn over but I'm good
thank you fo are thanks guys I wish I
had more puns but I don't have a me on I
gotta go
is your dad job
