No dad are you serious no my name's ed
no I know yo know what it weighs
actually how about boy Oh God hit 10
million subscribe right oh that's how I
I did I knew he's cute yeah
are you kidding I miss bein 10 million
where did you guys come from our little
agenda it's a lot of agility so there's
no sense there's only 7 million people
on earth most 7 million people
salmon billion we're doing the other 3
million so far away from a guy that's 20
million dot that 20 million Venus's oh
my god that's 20 million seed
wait no that's bad man but that's 20 my
boobs come on up to say well you're not
all girls I'm not but that's still 20
million nett off some people could have
three nipples like me that's at least 26
wonderful yeah we do none of them come
with boob guys I have to hurt but here's
a bunch of sentient imagine 10 million
people can't feel what that's like and
they're good but there would be a lot of
lawsuits to deal with Allah Akbar ok but
think that this makes zero sense that we
make scholar by doing these things that
ok being an idiot on the Internet is it
so hard for guys we need to figure out
with thinking to to everywhere all I
know I so build us a serum oh my Carlos
so I'm about like 5 years old let's
freakin do blue I said stay good boy ok
we can illegal it through Skyland sighs
I don't have to thank you good I am I'm
a kikyo Graham yeah is that a promise
nobody's more than just a couple she's
but no I said thank you - welcome um oh
thank you for watching I think she's
done with the video ghetto I was trying
to lead to something else
segue for February I'll illustrate these
they say Gwen was a segue yeah this is a
clinician I does it get in charge okay
all right
I cannot believe oh thank you guys thank
you sighs Isaac oh you guys so much
subscribers
this is completely invaded me I'm just
eternally thankful to everybody who has
supported me called for hinging or
feticide maybe there is no need to label
people they like their powerful tireless
keep happening
hi guys what's up
thank you if it wasn't for YouTube I'd
be alone but I'm never lonely or thanks
Aviva so many guys if it wasn't for you
to either glow skin inside from not
having money science it wasn't for you I
would be included and there and there
and and this and YouTube and you to help
build my confidence my boy I was their
voices even the ones inside my head
there's a lot of them hello that's why
this was so hard for me to thank you the
little baby in her feet in her put Miele
me don't worry about that allergies to
feeling I just don't I don't know why
you're watching I don't know who's
forcing you to watch my videos which is
whatever it's long Dimas is please they
support o their check is in the mail
okay I don't have a tough time be very
tired only because I seriously can't
believe I'm just a girl kind of and odd
for me to think that the shy little boy
I was in middle school was finally able
to make some friends I guess 10 million
people I can sit down much with them and
it's freaking dope outside of your life
that's why kids also supporting or
laughing I'd like get over my videos but
me right so I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did please make sure to do
whatever you want on gotta go fast NBA
subscribe and I just loved one okay so
that is all I have for you guys today
really thank you guys for watching
and no my video that's way after my ass
work I'll see you guys next time your
daughter like 20 Lybrand rulers oh ye
sometimes I forget my own name and I
remember my manga got capped ah ha ha
what to happen people look up to me at
mother was my name is a nice day stop
loving my name's ed 10 million grass my
name my name's manage it
okay now ladies
