I'm coming up oh my god I thought I
missed it cool I have something to say
get so basically I yeah yo what up guys
it's a girl Liza Kuhn and welcome back
to my youtube channel and if your name's
not back well welcome to speaking and
welcome thank you for watching this
video instead of going straight down to
the comment to read about it get back up
here I know you went down there young
man Sena but I'm sure you left the next
comment while you were down there I
don't really get any mean ones
wait yeah now I don't really get it you
know what I'm craving some attention
right now what am I now let's go read
some of these comments where people tell
me I'm pretty
but for free here's the title it's not
even a good youtuber well I guess I
could go back to vine now - you're not
funny
Jeremy oh thank god honey was talking to
me Wow someone sure is lovely and indeed
of people watching her holy crap a
genius commented on my video she needs
to go see a doctor of some sort real bad
right now she needs some serious help
like wow you hear so much about me right
but just let me know growth you're not
funny you need to be a guy in order for
these things to be funny basic well I
must be hilarious because I actually had
a huge gain a what yeah I do like boy I
can't believe so many people watch the
stupid videos all he says so many people
watch my videos yeah was this supposed
to be funny when you try your best but
you don't succeed oh she's so annoying
and I came here and see what a big deal
about her wise but I'm disappointed in
you oh my gosh she thought I was busy I
just mash you so hard she wants you she
has a mental condition undiagnosed oh my
god a doctor watches my videos your
upper body jiggles more than you but you
are the only person
fugly oh this guy thinks I'm funny
giggles ha ha ha I have a boyfriend
someone didn't get attention growing up
I did just get addicted to it this women
is crazy and funny off of a bet why is
this packed in target out of where they
sell best with a peach honestly her
videos keep getting better and better
someone commented is that more artistic
thank you if she transgender now she's
just glad I'm just a boy of not just
entertainment well he thinks of it at
statement but that's great video as far
as he could service people to use in the
torture technique you're welcome for
helping the country a lot of
personalities a wig big are you walking
me back
hey Jim Carrey called he said he wanted
backed back then it's the biggest
compliment anyways thank you so much
why did 5 million people watch it oh he
thinks more people to look up is this
any what up g-girl add coming Eddie he
scared me I thought Michael was hot
before I clicked on this video so high
style hot I have an Australia fringy a
man phenomenal thank you women are not
funny ah this guy thinks I'm a hilarious
little boy
this woman clearly doesn't have a mental
illness dude all these doctors watching
my videos are sick
ok kids this is why you don't take drugs
yeah I don't just take them in just
helpless someone NADH Jason I watch to
be in Flour upside clearly how is this
stupid is so famous that I'm famous too
fast give the biggest second sub bed
thank you
cause uh not enough punch to the punch
anyone remember when my fucking video no
thank you for saying I had your video is
what is wrong with humanity who's who
Lindy she sick I hate this town I'll use
Excel is better for body but so that's
all I have for you guys today but trust
me there's a lot more thank you guys so
much for watching and filming but on a
serious note I've never been on this
thank you guys to my top shelf if I get
a handle the criticism guys I'll be
keeping it positive you can be negative
opposite the tracks and you know what
that means
these seriously thank you to the people
that leave constructive criticism
because I know I can do better
yeah thank you to the people that enjoy
what I already put out there keep your
standards low where they are yeah thank
you guys see you guys next day I upload
lately why look mountain girl yeah bye
look man there's not a restaurant with a
battle heat okay don't like what soon
then don't all the risk if you're a
vegan now I got a good tenant pop don't
eat it I'm still uncomfortably high
right now so go smoke weed oh good yeah
but I'm sure you left your left is that
who's going to stop getting down I'm so
scared of heights why I'm sure we're
never been in Thailand even before
getting off this backwards and break my
neck oh my god on the sand color and the
wooden company somebody coming turns us
on
I'm going to blow a load
Wow someone sure is lonely and in need
of people watching her we have a genius
