so well man I want you to keep watching
this video this is an intro either I
have to say something funny right now or
I can cut myself off to get to keep
watching because you wonder what I have
to say now I'll just tell you something
funny all right so one time yeah you're
alive coming yet she's awesome back to
my blue shoes dead stretch looking back
to my future why today I'm feeling
really colorful mostly brown but
Bolivia's just my ball of my feet I'm
suspecting something was this all that
white we're taking today I forgot you
know I read recently that painting and
art is a form of expression and you
can't spell painting without stain and
you can't spell art without are you okay
I'm not looks are over good well hello
everyone and welcome to art class line
RSS you know I'm your master miss P and
today we will be doing off so please
don't touch me anywho please grab your
chance and go get ready for a warm up
tomorrow okay now first we have a bowl
of fruit and want you both to take of
Google's pick up clothes cool flow and
then go ahead start packing this dude
what if you like cleaning the floor oh
no you're not supposed to do that it's
an interesting approach plan
I like banks I'm sorry what he was
painting an orange moreover now I want
you to take out your watercolor palette
I want you to look at the colors I want
you to feel the colors I want you to
come yes now I want you to get a nice
job of any kind and now I want you to
paint yourself please do not do so
literally now I want you to really take
your time with this
and staff weightless I'm not gonna let
me see you finish no wait oh my word is
absolutely beautiful
really absolutely stunning oh not too
realistic but a good first try my
chicken I don't have feelings see what
about you Joanna what so real so long I
really see your pain okay what's up now
I'm going to work Janet Lee my top
student at my house what all means
present I twisted oh I felt like you
know I've been here now it's time to see
art in the flesh we close the main our
news model
I guess what I'm girl drew oh man
good to see you of that one-night stand
wander oh well now that he's lost our
male model will move on to landscapes
okay where did you go especially don't
do pesky get back in stock it's so funny
how you walk burn how about air track
are you'll know abstract Julia
no am i abstract I want you to work with
different shapes and colors right away I
can't you like to see don't yell in
Makassar with each other now have fun go
ahead and take your time duh let me see
what you came up with what no it's all
wrong this is definitely very long
yours Julian is on all I was eating an
arch butter here and see I'll explain
because there's more to life than what
leaps behind this white privilege is
real isn't that right can we ask you
this is right for shitting in white and
wrong I'm okay and not possibly contango
okay what about God something you're
worth so that is what I have your guys
good if you get it so much for watching
my pain knee pain but I don't think I've
enjoyed this video if you did please
make sure to give it a big thumbs up
because this is you all I have ever seen
help you guys next Wednesday a day less
a little ground for red green yellow
blue girl
but anyway I'm saying if I'm wrong but
if I
