hey what's up welcome to the most
mysterious intro you keep watching this
video that means you only want me for my
body well would you look who's still
here you little pervert
so here's an idea how about you stop
being a pervert look hey guys what up 50
girl Liza comin atcha and welcome back
to my youtube channel I hate you so bad
recently I started working out and by
recently I mean acted but today I want
to talk to you guys about a class that I
mistakenly walked into before called
super human but that was a bit of a
stretch so no one would do but you're
probably under the age of 45 but if you
are middle-aged then it's a super
exciting dance clip it's so exciting
that's actually always spelled in all
caps so it's never hey well I'm going to
do bucket egg what I'm going to do up
anyway so much alive American dance
workout for all ages over 40 and for
those of you guys who say that Latin
American dance is my workout yes me you
racist I what and underneath of my
blooms which like I don't even have to
look none of my boobs racist look this
this is you doubt it hello the world
could be a word up it's not even also
Gray's a great workout t-shirts color if
you crave attention like anyways there
are all different types of students in a
Duggal there's the one who's always left
it there is the old one who's actually
Lucas there's the one that had former
district there's the one that game just
for attention
there's the one gay guys got to bitter
then you'll never be there's the one
that has no rhythm
but you appreciate their effort guys
there's the one whose face they're on a
rate there is the one who does drugs and
raise there's the one that's pregnant
and loves nothing holder back and then
there's the one that has no rhythm or no
idea which way is left right up or down
all right now these different students
are being taught by very different
litigious there's the one that's always
wet
there's the one that shows one roof and
then walks around the rest of the class
never actually working there's the one
that's out of breath constantly so you
have no idea what there's a what there's
the one that keeps telling you to shift
your engine there's the one who's
constantly wouid there's the one that's
constantly booing and then the one that
moves randomly so in short this is what
your servos very well I love Joe ball
and Latin America did you know like it
before you frame rate then you there's
no way this much fun could be a workout
I barely flooded and that oh well I
can't feel my luck and then complete it
oh god it's me how is that even possible
well I smell like booboo and then oh
wait a second up I don't have a pulse
so basically how but basically here are
some jumbo I know I'm trying but I
think Megan's got it okay if you want
attention
don't worry other people will be able to
take their eyes off belleville
depressing and believe it valid for it
okay if you crave even more attention go
to class with a fake pregnancy so they
sell a dress and won't everything your
life food no
if you're going to do but you lose
weight but don't go you can easily move
for house by cutting a limb off instead
okay what a more challenging workouts
I added in small ways Oh looks like you
lost weight but you can lose even more
if you go ahead and saw that boy how
pretty good thank you guys so much for
watching and out there during this video
I think you didn't breathe make sure you
give it a big thumbs up because that's
all you haven't yet what's holding you
back
sorry but I'll see you guys next
Wednesday girl come on TV do yes do they
know how to do shout you know
in
member
