there is something different about me
and I want to be able to put on Oh God
oh that's my dad that's my dad home whoa
hello hey Dad
nothing much just about to play my intro
yeah hi guys what up it's a girl laughs
goodnight and welcome back to my youtube
channel now today I have done I mean
some bloopers which means I'm stealing
content from my past which means this is
gonna be a bad video
come on me oh damn stupid but you're
borderline cute so here is gum I mean
some bloopers for you
it is classic sign you ugly-ass feet
Daniel rules going to sell out while I'm
sorry I stopped speaking English hello I
hate when people start videos and ask
for babies to have a kiss please thank
you but you never look for breathing
that squirts every five seconds and I
always say bless you can Stephanie have
a quirky teenage girl comment a little
wit my pennies
me me me me me the lodge don't look like
a sausage are you calling me back go
back tonight
how high can you count I don't know it
never counted when I was high lines I
brought these flowers all the way in
from Tanzania yeah get a good scent what
do they smell like Robert milk no jet no
eating the flowers Jeff stop it jet no
it's not your mindset that it's me with
their remote are you crying Joe what's
going on what is it what's wrong my mind
your soul bellyful no that's that was in
your mind I am Danielle no I was using
this remote look watch if I push it like
this I must go mouth no I feel you
shouldn't talk being the prettiest girl
that lives here yeah wait and the only
girl ok let's see where's the dress I'm
right over here self deprecation ok
let's take the trash out ok let's do it
what I'm and I'm doing well no no
so that is only have for you guys today
I'm sorry I'm so long nobody I'm sorry
the video so short maybe play it again
so it feels longer for you so maybe play
an advert which is going crazy
but thank you guys so much for watching
I think you guys like one day we'll add
with a better name shorter videos little
brown girl is them like I got what up if
you curl lashes coming at you
whoa that got weird
