what's up guys make sure to subscribe
smash Robin that like button dude what
is wrong with you so much
they don't even know your name yet guys
use when people ask for engagement
before they even start a video guys
comment below sing as a music I'll be
liking and commenting back yeah I got it
what up into girl as oh ah coming at you
it blows back to my youtube channel now
today I'm going to be doing some hair
pack and that's being too humble or
anything but a lot of people ask me
about my hair like what's wrong with it
or they ask me what I put in it nothing
things just find their way in there
that's what she's a lot of to explain
the key is that I lose things in hair
basically it will lose control recycle
even forgets things I lose but basically
I know a lot about hair because I have a
lot on my butt so here are some hair it
won't even mine don't have a curling on
him will use any cylinder shaped items
to curl your hair curl and pin your hair
up using something you don't need
because you're a little boy and you're
done everyone will love your new curly
look what a perfect looking one even
more perfect in it already
try a donut bun first comb your hair if
you can't tie it up and wrap around the
donut for a beautiful neat and tidy look
if your hair greasy from not showering
for two months and there's nothing you
can do about it well then go ahead and
add more grease to look like this slick
young man you are
if your moustache growing in thick and
making your boyfriend feel Jim well say
fear to first make sure to grab a gun
and you're done
are you tired of your hair greasing I'm
increasing from wearing a ponytail fix
that sticky situation by ditching hair
ties I'm using tape it'll keep your hair
together and you'll never have to worry
about a crease again do you have really
thin hair and know you're going to be
bald by thirty yeah Oh
sex with it are you tired of losing your
bobby pin are you always wondering where
they all stop looking for Bobby you have
a boyfriend
but keep your pins and great find any
old canister but your bobby pins inside
and never forget where they are again
want your hair to be lighter well then
cut it now it's lighter
tired of your old hairdo do well add
some fun to that bun put flour in your
hair to mix it up now you have a
beautiful flower crown like you just
came from Coachella so you have split
ends stick them back together with
pre-chewed go if your hair drier than
your humor well how about we make you
move you will need ketchup for moisture
olive oil for hydration and an avocado
for two dollars apply it to your hair
wait about 15 minutes and you're good to
go go about your day feeling clean
hydrated and are you bored of boring
braids will add your own taste to it
find something fresh to braid into your
hair for an instant new look tired of
buying expensive shampoo make your out
and buy ingredients that will cost you
more
you will need wreaths for moisture H for
color and their stands for nice hair mix
it all together and wash for a bald bald
new you are you tired of your receding
hairline you tiny old man then hear that
freeze grab a sharpie and fill in your
hairline for a super natural look it
definitely won't seep into your blood
and kill you so that is how I asked you
guys today because I need to go grow
some more hair but thank you guys so
much for washing your hair let me know
what it's like I've never tried but I
don't think I've enjoyed this video if
you did please make sure to give it a
big thumbs up you had one day with that
little hair gone girl is here and fi e
fun fact this is my brain
and anyone in here without speaks to the
tribe attacked at home what's up guys
please make sure to subscribe
smash it
