yeah hi guys what up if you girl eyes
and I'm gonna have you put and welcome
back to my youtube channel
whoa I'm feeling pretty good I'm feeling
freaking super I'm feeling super I'm
feeling like superwoman physical disease
what all I'm saying is about the
superhero I would have the power to be
in multiple places at you know what you
can do with half of the heaven you're
supposed to be my sidekick how do you
know I'm psychic
i duplicate know all its I call okay I
know then how do you want real what do
you want to see that's supposed to be a
crystal ball that's an upside-down
cereal bowl no it is just upside down
ball not cereal oh okay I should have
seen this coming
yeah especially if you're a psychic look
I don't need a leader well good I don't
know how to read I'm going to tell your
future let me see that's a globe
I see travel in your future oh my god it
works
what do you see more things I am NOT
blind hello oh I am getting something
what if I am giving yeah I am giving
what I am giving we did I said okay oh
it's just moved oh I see something
nobody sees everything I'm not blind
oh I see a man in your life well he
probably see I'm dating a white guy
named David no not him it is a brown man
named Joe oh that's my dad you're dating
your dad what is it Carol I am giving a
strong sense that you have a mother do
you have a mother okay yes I had to come
out of somebody's vagina oh you want
must be in life no sure well you never
know what the future can hold will be
you were supportive now that would be
pretty cool
Jawad this time I see a motherly love
but I'm not married
is your mother a lawyer no and it's
weird give up all this time I see a new
home you mean this one I see it yes I do
I see
day night oh I see you have moved in
yeah I have oh my god you are way ahead
of schedule
okay but this is all happening right now
are you supposed to tell me my future
yay okay we'll go ahead and don't kill
us all
I ca you told Jim yeah no shit is good
and you will upload every Wednesday oh
the well shit yeah I am getting
something and but I am getting someone
by the name of fair do you myself know a
family
nope dad no vault do you know not know
the science guy no proper hands out of
the circle no Stephanie Michelle no DJ
no John no joke
yes Lloyd oh yeah I mean your boyfriend
ha we visited hello I feel something a
globe but I feel that there is death in
your future
well that is gonna happen one there yeah
what just letting you know so it doesn't
shock you afterwards
bubbles what what is he nothing nothing
are you blind
no how about your hairband fell down hmm
have you know that are you psychic what
now quick how many fingers do I have up
up - oh I couldn't even see that you
want psyche calling oh my fila psychotic
I want you to come to a woman welcome
it's better come travel to the other
time ok here come home psycho
now let's see if he really looks a long
day ok that's all I have some guys today
hi thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you enjoyed this video here well I
know they did well then please give it a
big thumbs
hey Dan I don't see you guys make
Wednesday I see Thursday with that
little brother girl you well I know
you're going to play there because I go
ye kill on the body is off-brand
raven-symone
yeah
