yeah hi guys what up it's a girl laughs
comin at you and welcome back to my
youtube channel that took forever to
figure out yeah but yeah I'm moving and
I'm so psyched dude like I can't that
actually might be my contractor right
now hold on a sec oh that's so dope you
play the role of a contractor I'm not
your contractor don't be racist I came
to check out our little place oh sorry
what our new place I mean yeah I don't
know you might show them a baby mama
baby oh you don't know what yeah you're
not just fat you're brand new with a
baby what you wanted or something I'm
not paying for it but this place is sexy
I think you did nothing a lot of things
people things ladies things people okay
Carlos what do you want oh you know the
usual some boarding oh my god get out
let me let me help you with the house
okay okay yeah I mean it is a little
dirty Lord you bet I am
okay let's do it so where do you want me
to put the be name so what the brand Oh
packing I'll do better packing what your
thanks Jesus don't say the Lord's name
in vain huh
that's my cosmas name well say hey hey
is this for me who's my azusa's Jesus
don't bury stuff do you want about other
one of bucks how about we wrestle this
thing oh come on come where dare put the
clothes in there I won't put it in side
of the box
dude the echo is so bad in here that's
right here sir look I don't have any boy
guys we need a blind guy hi I'm here to
do your blinds oh no please tell me
that's a fashion statement oh of course
it needs to wear sunglasses when you're
blowing
thus erases a blind person could be
watching your videos but like the can oh
that look I'm so sorry no no I'm sorry
this used to be a nice white wall you
can see uh how do you know that I can
taste it
what's up put the paper on the windows I
just didn't want anybody seeing me
walking around you know you don't what
walking around naked
no one wants to see you naked man they
can go to a middle school boys locker
room if they want to see them that's
exactly what you shouldn't say Thor lady
that has a little boy's butt okay kid
oh I saw that movie that was good one ha
huh I don't know I'm gonna see my way
out now okay yeah we're gonna get a lot
of thumbs down okay well how about I
tell something to the people at home
okay
guys I'm sorry okay let's go come on I'm
already alright so I know I'll see you
okay we're back to packing so I have
clothes unfortunately I need to put them
all away I'm sorry did you say something
Jay okay well here are all my why do you
steal are you sure you need this many
clothes because you're better off
without them you're noticing well I mean
they go with all the shoes what a neck G
car you'll freaking kind of Baelor
Julie's everything yeah I mean I guess I
could get rid of one huh okay what else
do I need to do me what a favor
oh what's that do me okay that's it
honey yeah come closer so that is all I
have for you guys today I know more if
you wanted mommy what is that it's not
mine it can be I hope you guys enjoyed
this video all their gears
please make sure to give it a big thumbs
up because the bigger the better you
know Carlos I'm coming mom thank you so
much for watching and I'll see you guys
next Wednesday we'll add what tonight
with Carlos okay
