we certainly do I can find me
religiously oh the first-ever spheres in
the group yeah hi guys what a sissy girl
last combination and today I'm wearing a
onesie so I don't really know how to use
the bathroom in it nevermind I'm gay but
today I'm going to be answering a lot of
questions that you guys asked me on
Twitter because I have forced you to ask
but I'm actually going to go to the
store and answer these bad boys because
my house is insanely dirty oh yeah
clicking bodies everywhere sweet wood
here we do yeah why don't you just make
it Thursdays Eliza then I post on
Saturday they say you are what you need
so what are you on just me when will you
become Liza Gobert that'd be pretty
weird if my boyfriend adopted me I guess
that's why I call him daddy oh if you
could change one part of your body which
would it be probably make my pc bigger
are you Christian
no I'm live now is it true that you feel
sexually attracted to owls who if you
switched bodies with David for a whole
day what would you do play with my boobs
which toe is your favorite toe my camel
toe how do you like your coffee black
like my man and men's t-shirt yes when
you wipes you roll or scrunch your
toilet paper I don't use toilet paper
what you hate the most about David how
incredibly talented he is wrong at being
annoying burrito or taco dad I hate
Chinese this one is legit Coke or Pepsi
kind of drug especially how many months
are you
253 what attracted you most sad David
his huge dedication to YouTube what's
your favorite finger chicken fingers
have you ever tasted your own piece
oh no I usually just plug my notes I
don't taste any who is your favorite
artist Pablo Picasso how's the baby
just gave and know yet what what now
don't worry it's not yours
what what what cats or dogs I don't know
I don't think people should eat either
if you could be a doctor we're kind of
doctor would you be dude when did you
realize you were in love with David
but when I turned 22 you're 21 what can
you say I connected - what a jungle
little plank David I love you okay
gadget boy if you had three wishes what
would you wish for
God's blessed wishes just I'm taking my
exam soon what's your advice cheese on
your boyfriend what do you need to use
the bathroom
no can you make a pilot out of burrito
I can't wrap up this video all I have
for you guys today thank you guys so
much for watching I hope you enjoyed
this video if you did make sure to give
it a big thumbs up man well you already
washed it and I'll see you guys make one
thing
well so long bloopers hi I need bloopers
are you Christian no it's Patrick roof
pretty collar are you kidding me you
don't recall of it
no I don't see anybody else you'd better
call it stay in school kids we're
recording new bids at routes on 420 at
12:30 a.m. you guys have any we look
