hey guys wanted to girl ass go banana
and welcome back to my youtube channel
I think I made a mistake oh my god is it
that bad
what happened okay I know it's a little
shocking at first but you'll get used to
it just like any Erica girl got Danny I
knew it was too short
yeah hey cutie hey hey wake up
come on Katie wake up oh dude I just had
the worst nightmare that you cut your
hair I know at least you're still cute
though I know that take some time to get
used to so what's up with the tattoos
well I got one every time I got drunk
you turned 21 like a week ago and I've
been getting these for a couple of years
now
underage drinking Jeff what are those
teardrops that getting these tattoos
hurt I bet man I feel like I should ask
Where's Waldo oh I found him here a
couple weeks ago
oh where there is so what are all these
meat well this one says my name in
English I think but I don't really know
how to read so Jane Schoology this one
says my mom's birth name oh and this one
says something in Chinese wait so you
don't know what it says no it says
something dude it could say anything oh
it gets the word something in Chinese I
think it's pronounced some team but that
could be racist and there goes thumbs
down
oh and this one says something in
English you know what that actually says
right now I can't read it idiot hey
there is no need to label people well
that's ironic
but I just got this one so I always know
which year it is Oh No maybe and I'll
never forget my watch again cuz I always
know what time it is but that changes I
know it's a tattoo it's permanent oh and
this one's my social security number I
never won to write it down and risk
somebody finding it so oh and this one
is something my mom used to always tell
me when I was growing up knew it oh yeah
I mean I got this one
daddy's girl how is that because you're
really close to your dad no what well I
got these coordinates tattooed so I
always know exactly where I am
oh wow well as long as you never move
but even if I did I wouldn't get lost
cuz I got this compass so I always know
which way is north
yep that makes a lot of sense I know I'm
which is exactly why I got this tattoo
to remind oh yes you are medically
correct does that one say boo oh yeah
it's not done my tattoo artist ran out
of able what was it supposed to say
boobies look well I got this one cuz I'm
a big football fan but that's a baseball
still on my foot - shit
oh dude in for anybody who can't
actually see my tattoo are I got this
tat and Braille for the blog I can
actually see what it says your skin is
for I got this one right here to remind
me to just breathe oh wow almost forgot
to breath oh when I got this matching
tattoo with my best friend but she
didn't get her so it's not matching I
know man she has half a heart
but like no is that a Bible word huh oh
no that's just my friend John his
birthday's on March 14 but I do have an
empowering quote ever not give up won't
that's moving no no what can't it's a
tattoo you know I'm actually impressed
you don't have a lot of the cliche
tattoos oh no I do everybody has like a
flower tattoo I have one - shit seen
that coming oh and I have the cliche yo
lo tattoo only one slice to live oh man
I didn't mean to get this one wait he's
got an infinity sign tattoo come on dude
everybody has one oh no this is an eight
but why'd you give me I don't know
everybody had it won't surprise I don't
have a bird or a feather tactic you know
I did going to get one but my tattoo
artist told me he sold out you can sell
out of giving tattoos I didn't know
either but I did get a pretty basic
flash tattoo no one's basic is that
triangle tattoo why you even have the
arm because I'm Indian oh that's Native
America same thing no it's not man don't
assume a gender so are there any tattoos
that you regret is one of my ex what's
one tattoo you wish you're gonna do one
of my penis yeah like you don't have one
I don't so what will you get on it half
why ha because then it would say half
penis that penis a genius so what else
you get well I got this line on my neck
my neck line
what about the line on your chest oh I
got that so I know it's like - cleavage
Oh boobs
can't live with them so what else well I
got my mom's cell phone number but she
changed it so now it's a Cici's Pizza
this one is a Mexican bow it's elbows
and this one's my thumbnail Wow those
tattoos are
gotta go gotta go I'm getting another
tattoo at 4:00 p.m. and I'm more than 20
minutes late well I guess that's all I
have for you guys today because my
compass will lead me there oh thank you
guys so much for watching I hope you
enjoyed this video if you did please
make sure give it a big thumbs up
because my dad's gonna kill me for
getting all these tattoos but it's okay
because I'm daddy's girl that's weird
that's weird
cause you guys next Wednesday with Best
Buy I'm really sticky that's what she's
I feel like people only die on
Wednesdays when I'm recording and I feel
like I only upload on Thursdays
