Oh guys what else a girl that coming at
you I'm welcome back to my youtube
channel
guys I'm 21 now so I feel like
pretending to be drunk is okay or
actually big drop but that's okay
because I got another glass Barney oh
come on just abstain I don't know we see
asking you not to shower I was trying to
wait another month or two hey little
girls look away I don't want to be the
first little making boy you see boys
I've got exactly what you got your size
but still don't walk admit you need a
shower you want to do all the tests you
fail
care about your shower if I remember
housing I don't know about you guys but
the shower is where I do a lot of
thinking and pee I'm drinking lemonade
but I definitely do have a lot of weird
thoughts I wonder how long Rapunzel's
pubes look they say roses are red and
violets are blue but violent means
plants release gas its oxygen oh my god
I'm breathing treif are saying the word
falling makes and doing what does mmm
even stand for a coffee shop is like a
gas station for human all food are the
ingredients to make I know the recipe
for making why have global warming is
just protecting us from another icing
potato chips
turn into mashed potatoes in your mouth
I wonder if police cars ever wonder if
they're black on white or white on black
is all yoghurt in Greece Greek you I
wonder if guys are scared of the word
choppiness it says chopped penis if
you're in last place you're just in the
first place but in the opposite
direction all the fish and sweet in
their Swedish man do you think dogs ever
wonder who really is a good pool telling
someone to be quiet makes you a
hypocrite China made in giant the most
exciting part of a week is called the
week and if a vegan photographer shoots
an animal are they still be I will
remember my own the more do you think
that chicken ever wishes it could be a
young egg again you have the right to
bear arms but I like Amharic palm trees
are Beach pubes Mother's Day and
Father's Day are celebrating people who
aren't virgin I'm pretty sure I can hold
more gifts than coaters there are more
butt cheeks in the world that people
when cleaning your mirror be confident
why bris rhinos are unicorns that aren't
getting in weight but are just is
beautiful these humps flowers so when
you get flowers just know you're getting
a be sloppy second orange is the only
color that you can say the toilet is a
funeral home for food if people are
legally blind are people with glasses
illegally blind does retired mean really
tired popcorn is tortured cool the fish
die and water does that mean is room you
think milk white and dark chocolate or
ever jealous of hot chocolate because
she's hot why do they call it dog food
if I need it to we would I wonder if
nipples I ever sad that they're on a boy
because they're just there for
decoration shouldn't tampons
because tain't in all animals or niches
zookeepers are pervert what Oh sometimes
I like to practice on the ball so that's
all I have for you guys today because I
ran out of soap like three months ago so
I'm going to go back but thank you guys
so much for watching you guys enjoyed
this video if you did please make sure
to give it a big thumbs up because I
used up all my water for this video so I
guess I'm just gonna have to fruit okay
guys this is an alcohol but this is not
even see you guys next Wednesday with
like damn girl is drunk coaches abide
uncle oh you're still here seriously
don't worry it was not going to be a
drinking channel it's what my second
channel is for work on I'm kidding but I
do something exciting coming to my
second journey I could always ask me
about this ring so this week of my
second channel I'm going to be doing the
cinnamon challenge now I want to be
telling you guys the story about this
ring with one of my boys and I'm going
to do this again bye
and welcome back to my family-friendly
YouTube channel shopping
