yeah hey guys what up what hey guys what
up well why do I sound like a man so
thank God I still have a penis kidding I
don't have to be it oh my god what if
you girl I've become an inch and welcome
back and part to my YouTube channel and
that cute boys you heard was from one of
my boyfriend's one of them yes
specifically David just now I've seen a
lot of videos where boyfriends do their
girlfriends voiceovers while they do
their makeup this day he's going to meet
my boyfriend's girlfriend is going to
continue being adorable while my
boyfriend does my voiceover whoa okay
it's a girl I become an action okay I
have a bunch of big letters put this
liquid gel on my face and rub my face a
little bit more tailored borderline
racist but right here on the using a
light saber to highlight my on really
get Riddler
it's a little do you know what I mean
it's going to show you my little sponge
that I'm going to use fun Bob
Squarepants right under my eyeball put
this up push pop up gonna apply it to my
nose and right above my eyebrows make
sure the unibrow is missing I have a
bottle of water I don't like drinking it
because it's extra calories I don't need
i'm just spray it on my face got a
little more mix you can actually can rub
yellow everybody takes like this because
I'm a girl let me get this other
raspberry flavored push pops gonna take
this top off perfect you know what I
mean as a joke this is the 2wo in my
nose could be cooked gonna pick her
boogers and spread the boogers all
around her face for good contour okay we
just toss little brush up on my ass I
know
well I brush up on the eyebrows those I
would lose and scream all the time put
the pen on the eye breast what's that
was that your thermometer
oh that's that's a dozen tampon now I'm
going to mark her in a little bit more
just add a Brown flavor to it should be
a good real spanking to the eyeliner oh
that's it that's it it's over okay so
try again okay
no and what didn't work dang it
she probably freaked out right now oh no
she'll say the Black Swan kind of pretty
she's gonna go again nope she must
actually can't go again to wipe off the
black stuff in your face that's what you
said mirrors dirty but I'm not gonna
pages to that I got a summer video and
post it on Thursday
I never post online today Oh am I going
to off-topic so look let's make a
picture shows a good boy looks like a
cute girl can she come let's go and back
at it again I just have Stan with her
boyish charm and a glue stick ready the
chapstick in there got the chapstick on
all my other squirt myself of this juice
and peroxide I feel good with fatback
and it's not still depend now we got the
thermometer a pregnancy test either way
she's pregnant what hello hello the
tampon yes
first I'm gonna make sure this time my
eyeliner is perfect I think I killed it
I killed your side - laughs I'm using
yeah it's kind of gross like I said okay
we can do it yeah yeah come over my
eyeballs like that'd be fun yeah oh oh
no banging oh my god component of a
little grub so it's so grabbing job on
the part of the bad yo look at myself
marry spell 'dirty oh my geez you can
offer clothes and this is where I come
to probably have to cut the video short
I know she edited me out that's great
looks like a little boy again what is it
that you can only hear me when I say
that hi
it's okay just close I don't
want to see you go back can we rewind
these videos forget this Colleary on
that part I'm actually giving them that
if it's not written back here this is it
this is just do or die right here doing
everything she can right now she's
finding water everywhere I'm loving the
privacy touch on her and to make sure
she doesn't get pregnant a bit good luck
this is really difficult you probably
much of a second it makes pretty
I think she's calm because I think she
got her makeup back she's happy she's
proud her fingers look great oh my god
she loves everything she's praying she's
so happy I think she realized she killed
it
she's excited she deserves it okay I'm
gonna period in 3 2 1
nor is that time fun when you need it
you see what I mean look she's finally
flushing the toilet so wow it's
impressive
that's my girlfriend guys kitchen I'm
going to get out of here I got a leak I
just got to go for a run maybe she got
the card trees she doesn't Jennifer
pencil by the way it just evokes women
getting in my car oh my God thank God
it's the hard way because it would make
it a more interesting video but then I
was driving through the street just like
driving a thousand now she's walking the
sefirot and she's walking pretty quickly
so there must be a sale going on
Oh yep she's hit the ground face
definitely no sir she's doing an m-80
Lacy's maybe we're big enough then this
is she mad that that wasn't the actual
Maci now she's walking into Kinkos I
thought it's about makeup video I'm
gonna take my anger out on someone he
looks old and we got a vegetarian body
out these in the car now
that's not happy you guys today because
that's what a cute in second pay and I'm
talking about libraries not myself I
also enjoyed this video and if you did
please make sure to give it a big thumbs
because you'll never know what the heck
David saying right now and I'll see you
guys next Wednesday
good luck little batteries out buddy I
can rub my toes together and start a
father sandwich
