this is a necessary thing you need for
YouTube video yeah or yellow practices
going to be regular video are people
then get ready to be disappointed like
puberty disappointed gay people they
like to put that make video because she
is sick
and I am healthy so I am here to make
video for you American so she put
together this video on google him
include her boobies so I have fun
watching boob tell me what they look
like as never seen them before
hey guys Futaba to grow up in life I was
a girl either you're not saving a room
yeah Wow right here drunk
he died next question name one place in
the world you would like to visit a
doctor reasoning is I want to kill you
my wood sorry okay this way I'm saying
it's not a vase is it I didn't know they
fill these for a dollar scream this
place come on Carlos can you play any
sport come out I like letting babies
play with my ball I coach women's
softball whoo yeah I was hot I like a
nice managing by sector nothing that
girl is really world I was friends no no
young hoses and like an OC awesome
releasing yeah
oh I'm sorry Mexico zoo because we got
some sake serves like I saw something I
would like a lemon because I punish a
lot of
I wonder how did you deal less thank
y'all as those long legs then I see it
yeah longer the better right size
matters I like the way you bubble by for
the door block come on definitely teach
you to name one place in the world you
would like to visit probably like your
bedroom I didn't even realize I was
recording but I just documented my night
passive-aggressive clock came to when
people wanted me holiday not Nutella
failing chocolate says poop no I don't
like to tell poop I kiss you
are you trying to mess up still get blue
yes I am not using any lighting for this
meeting David I'm gonna buy to see but
you gotta take care it could you try to
give you a watch the good life can toss
out a speed bump or the dead body from
earlier hey can you lend me some money I
don't need much just a lil how many
children do you want you a lot of my
children
I mean wait are thank you oh hey don't
forget denying access to my channel
thank you all so much for watching life
of boom loser I hope you enjoyed this
video I know you did we got the blue no
they figured a big thumbs up for life
I'll see you all next Wednesday Leon got
lasagna
a little bit
