yeah hey guys what up
I see girl has come along and welcome
back to my youtube channel now today I
really feel like warning my car to the
fast food right through the only way you
can burn gas while you get gift it's
where you can snort coke and the privacy
of your own car what basically where you
can stuff your face with the smallest
amount of social interactions awesome
meaning you can't run into anyone you
know while you're eating in your car oh
wait Liza is that you so clearly when it
comes to dry foods I I'm loving it
mainly because you can have in your
house instead of eating booty why don't
you think outside the bun so today I'm
taking you on a ride through the drag
dude now there are a lot of cliche
things that happen at a drive-thru for
example the people who take so long I
know everything on the menu and I come
here everyday but I have no idea what I
want hate you when you finally get your
food and it's too hot to eat there you
go thank you so much well other times it
served really all mm-hmm but other times
it serves really fresh oh oh my god when
they get your order completely wrong
yeah can I get a large coke please thank
you all what's up come on man the menial
when they forget to give you thought oh
come on do you think your dress is hot
and the burger well then I guess I don't
really need to feel cool but sometimes
they give you too much stuff
oh wow okay and you want to eat a fire
but their ways you have
when I give you an extra chicken ugh 6 7
8 9 10 11
nice try dad when you have a specific
order and they give up everything on ask
everything but tomato oh come on but
sometimes they get that order ah yes
everything but mayonnaise please go know
many ways like a parent here oh you know
what the hair either when your milk
snake is too icy to drink thank you so
much
oh good beer advisable when the owner
exceeds your expectations yeah can I get
a Big Mac okay you got to thank you I'm
15 can I help you hi I'm not going to go
my bride can I get a quarter life crisis
sure a quarter pounder please hey give
me a case to deal with case all over my
body okay I have a boyfriend
hi I was just wondering if I could come
inside or inside here for it okay cool a
multiple potato without extra ketchup
please don't drink and drive kid is the
cheeseburger come with cheese you want
Wendy's Burger King or jack-in-the-box
second of all second one to go dude so
that's all I have for you guys today
because I'm pregnant
what with food David's middle name is
food what you enjoyed this video if you
did please make sure to give it a big
thumbs up hi
can I have two it's the most family I've
ever been to
hi my diet your dollar prize are in
dollar 69 I've been concentrated for a
while what would make me take a dump the
fastest ever use purple okay I'll do one
of those what come on go so well the
fries week we take a job okay cool yeah
the combo when you're driving on your
phone be like can I get a coconut ice
caramel macchiato please with extra
cream so I came down tonight - you're
here again yeah because you see you Oh
what this all you want this what what
happened we want to be spinning oh my
god everything is sticky and brown like
me when I eat candy
you're nasty Oh kissing Cobra
