yeah it's a girl laughs look coming at
you welcome back to my youtube channel
and welcome back to tried versus bad the
grammatically correct name for a series
of which I domesticate myself and learn
how to cut in this series I try to cook
something try and then I compare it to
something divide it up sorry fed English
but and I have someone taste test to
tell me which one is it who has great
taste some friends like wind
quiz so that's called quest and see what
she wants me to call the cutest person
in my contacts call the other world guys
this is my friend quest answer my
question what is something you would
like me to make for the most important
to my question is used to be making
breakfast for her to a long night
together but what specifically do you
want go get some eggs gonna make them
the best let's go get some huevos how
you're like I'm like um scrambled yeah
hi baby let's make some music to get in
the mood to make some breakfast food cuz
it's time to shop I got really cool
transition and what if I'm the only one
that likes doughnut holes morning
doughnut see who doesn't love a good
fresh hole
I don't know she would my don't want it
stops let's get to making our big in
fact if I was a stripper my name would
be bacon put bacon strips
I've actually never cooked bacon before
volley burned this little bar but I
erase this was uncured bacon or thing
was sick yo so I sound like a few upside
down well he said big review it again
alright now it's time to make our clan I
always think eating eggs is bushi
because it's chicken caviar we got a
little brown eggs
this looks like my uterine that queston
loves quite well no I mean no sorry I
feel like I'm on crack just the white
nice no no come on baby come on baby
chicken look look some fish with the X
sick now it's caviar this is
something that looks rad they're not
appealing but I'm sure it has great
personality look at this isn't this
match - presenter frickin like my
panties and flames and call me brisket
this looks also that's not all I'm also
gonna make some juice some orange juice
oops Wow I made so much alright guys I
got I hop let's see what the competition
looks like oh man that looks good
oh she's a bird let's see which why not
girlfriend laughs he's texting this is
my client folder 20 percent say hi
blindfolded fourth question we have my
tribe versus our box on each plate
there's bacon on each plate I like bacon
he's trying to sausages sausages great
spikes we're trying to next sausage this
sausages
you look good playing a flute let's make
a cheese eating it
this one just seems like hasn't like
tender lovin care you can see I don't
have more like a curl to it
beautiful levels is let me put these
wells in your mouth hope you like
another bite no okay all right this one
she's about to try it better I didn't
have look that weird sweetness this
orange juice doesn't taste like Pope
so her orange juice jeez man I'm gonna
toast she said for the sausage she said
for the bank and she said which one you
think is try and which one do you think
is I think
which one wicks culinary expert so that
I have for you guys today thank you guys
so much for watching be impregnated you
with my eggs eat anything and I'm still
gassy um excuse me
what are you looking at down here look
it's cool shirt
