okay look guys I'm going to be honest
with you I feel like I'm running out of
ideas not running out of IP is the most
exercise I've ever spent in Prescott -
that was aggressive what up guys if you
girl lies lean over - and welcome back
to my youtube channel today I really
feel like going on buying a chair but
telling everybody I bought a Duke
initial so welcome to Ikea with my baby
so here we are at IKEA do I actually
need anything tonight yeah I needed to
go work out some people go to the gym I
go to like you now speaking of the gym
IKEA had the restroom and it's still
conveniently here at the end of this
knee it's basically a really long line
bur restaurant man your wait time will
be throughout or however long it takes
you Jesus
challenge accepted
okay this is that
I'll tell you like that ball talk oh
look at this no other balls on deserves
make me go Travis my family and I used
to come here on how and I always
wondered why we were coming to a
furniture store and never behind
furniture we only came for the food
there was even a time when my dad would
lie to the cashier about my age because
eight-year-olds and under got to be
three I was 18 you know things that
taste great and again these people the
fantastic let's go back into the store
and crop-dust the rest of Ikea some
other people come around long so'ming
I'm like okay act natural
someone walks in and was like screaming
for not occupied shopping Bobby hi I've
been assigned to you okay now if you
guys thought I came to Ikea and I
couldn't make any fun
don't worry I got it maybe I don't want
to tell you for a while now but you're
the best age collapse of done movies
glad whoa guys look at this
it's real nice babe oh okay then what
are you doing I you don't like me
dragging the funny thing whoa
David had a lot of coffee this morning
some people would say a lot you oh my
quad would you look at all these collars
who can put this together
Oh John John I'll do it hey David what's
going on right
I like selectman oh we should probably
get a couple of these my max might be
another mime not that I don't know
what's in my bag small a really getting
back with me you're getting Sam you
being a smartass now that is one
good-looking girl I'd say maybe cheese
hands I think if you do we don't take it
seriously but they don't realize I'm an
actress and then he leaned in and Vista
and then yeah dude this blanket is so
soft
oh yeah it is not fair your name you
like my ball man or this just you know
we gotta jet back hey do you trust me
you trusting me Michael what are you
doing well I'm just messin oh honey when
it comes to looks you lay in the game
want to come on I want to go I know I
even put a cork in it Wow knows it guys
it's all the puns I got saga so I got so
I got dog eyes have you guys ever had
fun yeah me neither but I have done zinc
so that is all I have for you guys today
I hope you enjoyed this video if you did
please make sure to give it a big thumbs
up because I'm lactose intolerant I'm a
blob like yeah I'll see you guys make
Wednesday with my buddy
I don't normally come along okay
we also see shop so guys I brought it
outside
guys this fridge is so nice I think I
just met it oh come on you want to come
in spit on me I'm gonna come and stand
you according off and it always wondered
why do people afford it below there is
always an angry child yelling at the
store oh my god my fake drunk early if
anything I know like who distributes the
yelling children in every store
