I have a feeling that I'm going to be
talking to myself today well I guess
it's just a normal day then ah the
really good-looking person in a buddy oh
yeah hi guys what up girl Liza is coming
at you John your girl Liza for the
future and I have to get food I have a
cold
did you not pay your electric bill well
now I couldn't find it anywhere if it is
too dark in here
that's a bad joke anyway god that's
better
oh wow you look great stopping you too
eventually what what so what's it like
being a cute old man oh man being a
little boy let me guess we still don't
have a butt okay Babu how well why don't
you take a look for yourself
what how big in smaller I have no idea
and no books wow you are just a pair of
mittens like two slices of pepperoni so
tell me man if the future actually lies
yeah if you pay your electric bill so
look I have some questions yeah go for
it so in time did I ever learn how to
take care of my body oh come on I mean
how oh whoa okay so that's enough that's
another good question
oh did I make it what baby yes wait I
have kids yeah but I like an awesome mom
I just don't know where they are
okay so no so do I still have my friends
what friends some things never just so
do I don't procrastinate I'll get back
to you on that one
so then we have any issues with money no
no that's good you don't have it oh well
then can I keep eating cheap junk food I
mean honey washed out yeah you're right
I should stop now
you kind of look better is there
anything in the world I can change right
now to make our future better
wait what viewers 2017 Oh is Donald
Trump already president
yeah Walter it's okay you'll stay
positive and preach what's right Oh what
does David look like now hey what's up
what's going on oh look a coincidence so
future David has a great drink in his
hair - oh no how's this play with the
silver hair spray why do you have this
I don't know who's this oh that's me
from the future a la Udinese - oh uh yes
I mean I think she looks ok guys I'm
right here oh gosh I thought you would
have been dead
oh oh that one's wrong old anyways do
you have any questions for me
no I already know you what do you mean
you know me wait how'd you know I'm
gonna say that I know everything you're
gonna say oh yeah well I bet you didn't
think I would say to cover such a giant
pickle
Wow okay maybe you do know my favorite
title ever it's still a number two
medical Mogollon is like shade in your
houses view that's a great analogy Wow
bless you whoa you're gonna answer that
answer what show real cocoa puffs milky
milky milk you do that because your
future is calling oh come on you did
call to talk over like what I'm gonna
die I mean what day what the end of the
videos here so I guess that's all I have
for you guys today
thank you guys so much for my only time
oh my gosh I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did please make sure to
give it a big thumbs up because tables
have four legs but I can't walk danger
good and I'll see you guys next
Wednesday with platypus play yes I mean
the end of the buzzer what come on now
look at me I knew I was uh well I got a
cold
