yeah one time one guy walked up to me
like is that your girlfriend
and I said no usual same time and Kyle
yeah why come you don't want to go out
in public looking like that
you make me wonder if I'm a lesbian for
oh dude your beard hurts can you shave
it yeah after you shave your do like
sexy what I I thought that was his name
why did you miss these yeah you did hey
baby you walking to work is what Oh
where's the parking for the mall you
know how I know you're incredible oh you
can put zero effort into how you look
and still feel comfortable and then I'm
almost ready can you grab my deodorant
yeah no thanks really
here use it what we want to go eat
there's Thai Italian Mexican I guess
Mexicans out of the picture no nothing
oh dude this would be so good on you
extra large no will you'll go into in a
couple months
come on any weeks what you know you'd be
a really pretty girl am i lucky you're
just so fascinating oh wow what there's
no idea you could grow a mustache too I
love you so much oh good I love you too
okay Oh bacon just a chocolate should be
watching your calories not eating them
hey I was just wondering what it would
be like to give birth in the car you're
not pregnant
yeah no I'm not pregnant you're pregnant
I'm not like that okay he was so
comfortable call me fat well well look
at that woman run she's a nice pair of
can tie to diabetes
oh man sweets and chips yeah you want
happen yeah seriously whoa that is a
good-looking man Manchester because
that's probably where he's from so I
just good-looking guy than Manchester
like that we should probably make a
break and see other people not we've
been watching the trade all right now oh
trying to TV out so I can break up with
you what what Wow would you look at that
guy six-pack what about it that he
clearly spent so much time in a gym he
doesn't spend enough time with his
girlfriend Oh
yeah it must be hard yeah really hard if
you look especially cute today huh why's
that
probably because I'm not wearing my
glasses well look at that woman run
choose a nice pair of boobs boots
she's a nice pair of boots at home but
she has the running shoes on right now
oh geez heard what I told us two hundred
and fifty dollars wow that's a lot yeah
it is but I got it no no I got it
no they didn't see I'm sorry about this
no no I know I'm not worried right
private that was Lilly my cart thank you
I like your butt
well I am but I have a girlfriend these
ol kiddies today I look I look hideous
why aren't you denying this there's
always tomorrow hey clappy my dad yeah
wonder if we have any bloopers not gonna
work I didn't want you to oh me
okay
kiss it that doesn't add up my butt
baby look at this is perfect for you I'm
calling you baby girl so much yeah
that's weird
hey what if I got I was just wondering
what it would be like to be giving birth
Oh what is it this would look so good on
you yeah but it's extra large how do you
know how you didn't look at it I helped
him you know an extra lunch feels like
so do i any so do i so do i okay yeah-oh
wonders we have any blueberries I know
you're a star quickly oh go do you guys
see the dude oh he'll do that on my lie
right there we don't a bear
so you don't want to tell you you look
cute
oh I just thought you said at the top
and back to us ending the video live I
think that you have enough boobs so
she's messing up off a bike I wonder if
we have any blueberry blue raspberry
please good news we can't you booble
Sienna so yeah that's all we have for
today thank you guys so much for watch
please give this video a big thumbs up
the gun a lot of people have pillows
that are filled with stop stop and I'll
see you guys next one thing that little
bad girl - gone no wow
oh my wallet is a big wallet baby I'm
leaving bye
