oh god she's not answering any of my
calls
where is oh yeah Jana I employee my book
ran out of gas is your name Randy and I
in hell does Phil know Michael oh hey
guys what's up it's a girl lives at
human action welcome back to my youtube
channel today i'm going to be talking to
my cousin Helga you know I thought I
would forgive me unconscious we
definitely look related a no resemblance
at all so I went on my Twitter and asked
you guys to tweet how's that so let's
get into it
Bobby's big but quick oh is it tonight
first question what do you do the first
week you came to America baby
what let me finish my sentence sailor
than I all out I mean well where did you
meet your ex-husband family reunion why
do you work so much like Liza are you
calling me ugly a through next question
how do you plan on making David your new
husband s can you give Liza out of the
picture he met a question how have you
ever done anything legal and well when
is the 4th of July
April Sarah stocks on 1975 floor ankle
ban was the year my girl sighs he was so
delicious how did you come into this
country with just no I came on airplane
how go what do you ride get better
question how bad do you like kids of
course that's why I picked it what am I
supposed to beat what is your accent my
aunt's and my incentive smells like Oh
like a strawberry farm and without the
strawberry so just upon x6 he'll go what
is your favorite dance Rob are you
afraid of Donald Trump because of your
background because of my background I'm
not sure what you oh I have a question
how the tops on what yes why is it so
quick and I said I dare you to do an
impression of life oh hey guys in the
girl Liza : as you know come on I was
way too obnoxious well so I did advise
then why is PE l a-- well so you can
tell the difference between being
that question if you could be a bird
what would it be oh I'd be in it you
mean a peacock no okay what was your
first thought about life very cute
Oh boyfriend okay that question what is
your favorite country candy on the wood
I dare you to great call Carla cool God
he's my next question where is your
husband which one interesting question
here would you rather be ugly and live
forever or attractive and die in a noose
oh my god I'm going to die in an you
know it's okay well amazing for you to
say you're going to live forever
Abby asks what do you think about the
fourth of July what this month of July
is what Americans throw around
explosives to celebrate in dependable
they don't like celebrating Independence
at air force another question how are
you legal or illegal
I am illegal like legal illegal like
you're a legal illegal okay after I got
Cowboys the weirdest thing you've seen
Americans do when they pee in the
blinking well by the sink collar got the
toilet
who is Huggies ex-husband who is it
other than go which animals do you like
the baby
how about what age did you first start
wearing clothes when it was legal
AC so that is all I have for you guys
today
wait what oh yes that means all we have
for you guys today
thank you so much for watching you just
wanted to do the outro I hope you
enjoyed this really all I know you did I
am here yeah and see Tuesday's please
make sure to give this video a big
finger up because I am foreign and
American and very twelve to be here and
that's right keep hope alive things
don't have to be scared okay bye yeah
why don't you sleep we are
I thought what a small blinking wheel
okay let me help cause it does because I
think lies was recording me to youtube
video how do we build a house Hey
I think she's recording - do we want to
go outside have a really long
conversation yep
I don't like that attitude no don't you
say a word what I say that's right I do
really good life unpleasant
