hey y'all what's up ladies and gentlemen
oh sorry yeah hi guys went up it's a
girl ass and your sexy boy Carlos coming
at you welcome back to my youtube
channel now today I'm doing I'm all know
but today I am doing a quick interview
with Carlos I asked you guys on my
Twitter to ask Carlos some questions
because today we're doing a QM and mommy
so here with you oh my god these peas
are so cute what is the best way to flip
a I like your way but moves Danielle
asked are you interested in some latina
booty Buffy I'm a young latina booty
Christina vanilla Sara booty la David
Daniella booty Shannon ass cool or hot
I'm both next question hey Carlos I've
never done anything illegal
Maria another question can you explain
some of your tattoos oh yeah for the
ladies lo I'm here let me show you I got
this one right here says my name this
one right here is my favorite band 21
filings this one here was supposed to
say no regrets but they split around so
it says no regurgitation I don't know
what the Freak this one is this one that
I say the ladies when I first meet them
this one says Chipotle cuz we're in a
relationship and then this one says arm
so I never forget and this one says fist
so I never forget and this one says
those but yeah that's it I have one more
but if someone BP and it says touch
Victoria's what is the best way to flirt
or like this ladies lo they are fabu
next question Carlos do you have any
children I mean no but a lot of people
come with Daddy next question do you
know where Bulgaria do I know are my
bulgy area is you guys are nasty man
next question favorite wild animal
Carlos what kind of women are you
interested in any kind of our women what
are your view
secret booty secrets uh staring Carlos
what's the best part of you that's a
hard one wrong net that bean betting
they asked are you happy that David and
Liza are having a baby
well yeah I mean I'm happy David thinks
is his at a yes what do you like to do
on a regular basis lady what yoga ladies
yoga next question thoughts on David
Ober okay what do you want me to think
about Carlos another question name one
place in the world you would like to
visit OS oh man probably make your
bedroom another question Carlos what is
your favorite salsa
Chelsea Renee asked Carlos how do you
like your ladies well done next question
do you like lungs
I like como te llamas or lime curve is
there anything that you would change
about yourself if you could my favorite
just getting it's perfect next question
Carlos how long does it take for you to
pick up a girl huh
actuary so he doesn't take this long but
I'm like dang girl are you so fat next
question is your beard real yes another
question how did you get in here
you know a lot of women say that to me
when I when I sleep over at their house
next question what's your favorite work
morning what's your favorite food Bohdan
Katie asks why does Carlos wear eyeliner
and mascara classes 27 damn races
Santiago Valadez ass how do you attract
women
Mayr no okay next question what is a
period about night another question are
you hungry because I am do you like
chicken chicken but I love chicken
especially chicken sign my friends
another question Abby asked can we see
your man bun please and things oh you
want to see my man and I'm not sure if I
should put this on camera photo like and
our last question here at Carlos can you
wrap wrap up this video yeah so that's
all we have for you guys today
you're welcome so much for watching yo
say thank you but they got to enjoy me
okay thank you for enjoying and since
you're dead please give this video a big
thumbs up because you got a nice set of
thumbs
oh it's weird I'll see you guys next
Wednesday with Liza and I'll come with
Carlos okay bye see kind of like why are
you so fat I kind of okay c'est tres
tristes tasty grades dragon I'm free
going into girl but not like a gringa
tres tristes tasty grace Trahan trio
nutria pero no comme une gringa
