yeah yeah what up guys - girl eyes comin
at you and welcome back to my youtube
channel this year so today I'm gonna be
showing you guys DIY now if you don't
know what DIY stands for then I actually
don't know what DIY stands for duh I'm
yawning dude I know it David I'm yours
oh don't be yellow snow wait how do you
do it yeah whatever forget DIYs today
I'm gonna be showing you some
do-it-yourself projects are your lips
dry crusty and look like they're covered
in some sort of drug first grab a bowl
then add honey for take dirt for
exfoliation bleach for color and rocks
because this lip scrub does that apply
it to your lips the best part is the
honey is edible but the other
ingredients will kill you don't have a
bath ball try this first run a bath then
sit down in it you maniac next pour in
some basil salt paprika a squeezed lemon
black pepper
cuz you're not racist carrots and some
chicken because who needs a bath bomb
when you have a massive bowl of soup are
you tired of wearing the same pair of
underwear over and over and over again
that's relatable well make your own pair
all you need are these materials you can
find around your own home you will need
a pair of scissors and a new pack of
underwear use your scissors to cut it
open pull one out to use for the next
seven days put them on and voila go out
and show off your new pair of underwear
wanna make an old button-down actually
look cute on you wear it backwards as a
super stylish dress and super perfect to
meet your boyfriend's parents in are you
tired of your chapstick tasting awful
well try using Nutella it's moisturizing
tasty and super
high-calorie and it's a great color
swatch for Kylie lip kit do you have dry
cracked peeling skin yeah you that's
grass are you tired of drinking water
that tastes the same every time you
drink it well try this first take your
basic water pour it into a pot boil and
pour it into a cup add a tea bag pour it
into a tub and take a relaxing bath wait
what was that
do you have blackheads and whiteheads on
your brown head because it's 2017 and
they all coexist on your face well try
this you will need white chocolate and
dark chocolate break them apart melt
them together and mix to make
interracial babies and place on the
affected areas then leave it there for
approximately 15 to 20 years or forever
no one will notice your blackheads when
it looks like you stuck your nose in
someone's ass are you tired of your
boring plain t-shirt mix it up literally
throw it in a blender take it out
contemplate selling it for $2,000 and
then go meet up with your boyfriend's
parents again did you cut your finger
while being a phenomenal cook in the
kitchen do you not have any neosporin
well try this homemade recipe first
leave your home then go to the store to
pick up these ingredients and cool that
burn you will need a lemon hot sauce and
jalapeno stay for your items and run
home as fast as you can now that you're
safe put your ingredients into a bowl
and before you start make sure to
sanitize your hands so you don't get any
job
are you sad because you're dry and your
face is even drier try using this
avocado blood first you'll need an
avocado mash a squeeze of lime salt
black pepper red pepper because you're
not racist and stir together then grab a
bit and eat it because who can be sad
while eating guacamole are you tired of
your old hairdo do you want to tie it up
differently but have nothing to tie it
with well take the old underwear you
used to wear and turn it into a stylish
headband write them together and Bon
Appetit
you have a gorgeous new hairband no one
will know it's an old pair of panties
just your breath smell bad are you sure
yeah that's what I thought first grab a
bowl and a spoon place a piece of gum in
the bowl stir then pour in your mouth
for a homemade breath of fresh air have
a cute boyfriend who loves to give you
his t-shirt but it's just too long
that's what he says then try this lay
out his shirt and cut it into a crop top
it's great for a third impression on
your boyfriend's parents so that is all
I have for you guys today thank you so
much for watching but I hope you enjoyed
this video if you did please make sure
to give it a big thumbs up because it's
2017 that turned 21 this year what's up
and then I can drink legally what mom
and I'll see you guys next Wednesday
with Liza the brown girl is that took
town keep up with my snapchat and you'll
see what shameless self from okay buddy
add me on snapchat
