yeah yo wassup it's your girl Liza
coming at you aggressively and welcome
back to my youtube channel now today I
really feel like going out and buying 50
items for the exact same price now where
can I do something like that well
welcome to the Donal start with lies a
baby dude I thought I was coming to a
dollar store it's a 99-cent store it's
cheaper than I thought I can afford more
now good god I loved its place it's like
a giant Chinese Factory I mean
everything's made there you don't have
to travel to China I just go to the
dollar store it's the same thing wait is
that offensive or is it true oh come on
dang god I love the dollar store I mean
who doesn't probably 50 cent don't store
speaking of cents dollar stores don't
make any well they make a hundred cents
for every dollar okay it's just insane
to me what you can eat where and wipe
your butt with for a dollar yo I don't
know if you guys know but the dollar
store sells a lot of name brands brands
like doctor paper cheap dose Ralph
Lauren feces cups and Mountain Rush cuz
I got a lot of things to do yo I did not
know you could buy pot for a dollar
thought it would be higher than that why
this is only seventy nine cents ma man
is the dollar store get this cheap stuff
out of here oh my god this is a dump but
Dom Obama but doc dang that's so cheap I
can go balls to the wall in this place
oh wait hold on a second how much would
this be at Target sorry
and we're here okay we got bought love
big balls little balls basketballs are
$9.99 I'm sorry do Peyton Manning sign
this look I'm a big sports fan but I'm
gonna go buy a ball for a doll look at
the dogs though Hobie No yeah I know
Target thinks I'm balling I'm about to
go play with balls for a dollar you know
I'm saying wait hold on sorry everything
in this place is the dollar and I'm
going bananas
whoo oh yeah well would you look at this
douche bag for a dollar literally just
wanted an excuse to your douche bag at a
dollar store
oh wow you can buy a lot of pot for a
dollar oh that's weird
I wonder why this isn't in the frozen
aisle you go you can buy this water
bottle for a dollar it's not a high
price at all dude what this is a job hot
dog oh come for it uh does it be so cute
on him wait how much would this be at
Target ding I feel like I got here
faster this time here we go
a collar right here for how much $6 $6
for Carlo oh my god what I mean is heck
to the no I'm going to the dollar stuff
yeah I know target's trying to play me
like a dog i'ma buy a collar for a
dollar he's gonna love this wait you
don't have a dog
I know oh you animal hey guess what else
is here for a dollar
holder's to hold your pot okay sorry I'm
gonna stop now okay now are you kidding
me this is only a dumb-dumb whoa I'm
bout to get wet for less weight but how
much would this be at Target
my bad oh man I got a dagger guy you're
fast I could use some water here we go
okay so how much is it here 92 cents
cheaper than a dollar it's not real
water it's probably baby Oh excellent
now I gotta go to the dollar store let's
go you know I just realized I really
could have just compared the prices
online instead of driving back yeah
target's a little too thirsty for my
money I'm about to go swallow for a
dollar
that's weird stuff so that is all I have
for you guys today thank you guys so
much for watching
look doll if you don't shut that but I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and if
you did please make sure to give it a
big thumbs up because people are
watching me right now and I'll see you
guys next year cuz I'm not gonna be
posting until then because next
Wednesday's 2017 baby little band girl
is out oh there's my little brown girl
I've been here for six and a half hours
I should be out now right yeah I need
but you want to play look like these
little cute little balls yeah I know
targets in some ball and some ballin I'm
very bad heck to the no yeah I know but
we'll go
whoever invented raisins and croutons
made it totally okay to eat old expired
food I guess what else here is here this
camp has to guess who can't speak
English
ha ha ha that's the weirdest what you
see so far right yeah David yeah he's
back in Chicago I miss you David
yeah but about your Christmas present
baby yeah what's that water for a dollar
it's freaking me out man they do for a
dollar right it's blowing my mind
no I doubt but I should I'm really
passionate about it
