driving with liza part three baby whoa
I'm vlogging here God would you get a
look at this guy yeah hey guys what up
it's a girl I look over at you ill is
that a piece of lettuce stuck in my
teeth must have been from that salad I
ate earlier ah there it is oh man I was
supposed to give David this mirror as
his Christmas present god I can't give
it to him now it's used man I used this
present last year too except I still
gave him that toothbrush god I have the
worst luck well great what should I get
him now oh maybe coffee hey Jamie what
should I get him then that's it ball
now that I got David's present welcome
to driving with Liza baby oh you know
what I bet you're wondering oh wow what
a clean cut I shoved everything in the
truck see I told you oh my god there's
my dog now for the children that don't
know there are so many ways that you can
drive like an a-hole anyway so there's
so many different ways to drive like
with your knees with your elbows with
your feet with your NIA with your leg up
with your legs up but that's not really
safe and with your eyes closed stop sign
good god I feel like people pick their
nose way more aggressively in their car
hey there buddy what you got in there
something you want to share with the
rest of the class oh look it's a
half-naked model on a run burn that
salad girl burning
that was awesome
man I love Hanukkah oh my god it's
another model on a run is this how they
transport themselves I am also in shape
I just use a car to get places one night
in May you're so I'm not gonna stay look
kids I'm a safe driver so I know how to
multitask while I Drive I do so many
things while I Drive I do my makeup I
pay my bills online I eat salads I don't
text or call because that's not safe and
it can wait and I sleep god I hate when
people drive ridiculously slow in front
of you and then you're forced to drive
the speed limit
another half-naked great-looking person
running why are they all naked and why
are they running to a clothing store
daddy
we're saying all Christmas music not
knowing that one ejected
does anyone else break for birds that's
weird I don't oh man if only my car had
as much gas as I do another half naked
jogger are you kidding me that's it I'm
done that's it
Oh God almost got an accident so I don't
drink and drive
kids I'm out of stoplights calm down oh
no sorry I wasn't rolling down the
window so I could talk to you because I
find it it's a half-naked man jogging I
have a boyfriend oh my neck hurts
hello you know all these fit half naked
bodies are making me hungry we got
another salad just before I met you
nothing
David I'm here and I'm really bad at
transition come on and I brought you
your Christmas present mom thank you oh
I hope you like it
what toilet paper babe
how did you know that I needed toilet
paper I love you so much so that is all
I have for you guys today thank you guys
so much for watching I hope you enjoyed
this video if you did please make sure
to give it a big thumbs up because David
used toilet paper for the first time and
none of it ended up on my finger and
next week I'll see you guys on the last
Wednesday with love I'm not dying it's
just the end of the year little brown
girl is that David can you put some
pants on please yeah can you help me oh
my god
