honey I'm home I love living alone but I
also love dressing up as other
characters and talking to myself oh god
it's the cutest baby I've ever seen
thank you
yeah hey guys what up with your girl
Liza coming at you and welcome back to
my youtube channel
excuse me so I'm gonna ask you some
questions yeah you can but I'm not a sir
okay oh okay little Liza what are you
doing in my house ah our house our house
I just wanna learn more about getting
bingo
are you saying I got fat oh if anything
I've got fat
okay wait what excuse me do you have a
job well I make video babysit you
babysit how old are you I'm four years
old
yeah that's a little young who do you
babysit brother what we don't have a
brother
well not anymore I'm not very good at
babysitting I'm wonderful what the fun
young people have fun yeah well they go
to bars I like monkey bars monkey well
it does get wild uh-huh is that a pond
yes but they go there to drink drink
what water lots of water
so you have energy to climb the monkey
bars oh that's weird they should try
alcohols a lot more fun
oh the financial stability hey what
aren't you a bit young to know that word
what financial stability or whoa hey
there could be kids watching this we'll
tease don't be so into puppy it okay
what were you gonna ask this may come
out of nowhere
but do we get boobs no those definitely
don't come out of nowhere Kip no a blood
no vagina no wait you have a week big
one no what a quick in sauce what's the
point of me to go damn babies oh no
oh God oh are you about to ask can I use
the bathroom oh my god yeah go ahead
I thought she was about to ask why don't
baby come from wait I thought you were
using the bathroom I just did you wear
diapers no I don't need dipose to pee on
myself
now I'm tell me where babies come from
well in order to make a baby you have to
my daddy who's your daddy what who's
your daddy oh well we're the same person
so my daddy is your daddy even what is
that David huh oh yeah that's David
now stop changing the topic it's
planning baby-making okay well long
story short a daddy has a plug and a
mommy has an outlet and sparks fly
between them is that upon ya know when
the plug goes inside the outlet the
computer turns on and mommy and daddy
order a baby online hey daddy what what
that's why I should says I can we whoa
who's this cutie calm down she's four
not she's a solid ten you excuse me
ma'am
you wanna play with me ah ball me too
David what and careful you say certain
things comes off weird I play ball so
that is all I have for you guys today
thank you guys so much for watching her
play with but I hope you guys enjoyed
this video if you did please make sure
to give it a big thumbs up because I had
a ball filming this oh yes I'll see you
guys next Wednesday with us okay okay
okay just do it okay calm down Mikey
tease Lou the one girl yeah boy if I had
boobs could I do this
ah but I do have nipples look
