yeah busy girl knives I come in here and
welcome back to my channel answered the
cleanest intro you everything so here's
a question other than what the heck you
watching what's something you think is
clean but isn't know that I'm at take me
back right now I am water sitting I hate
this is a low budget you can see it's a
human aquarium excuse me
it's a sad swimming close to the just
over here relaxing next to my bag look
there are things in life that should be
long and the bath is not one it feels
good for like two seconds people who
take baths are narcissists why I'm in
here because they believe that treating
themselves means sitting in a vat of
their own juice they're looking for an
Instagram alright so they can show
everybody that they clean them soon
that's on 9 not knowing how to use a
shower as being a massive undeveloped
baby child where's your mom want to go
suck on boobies you don't want to babies
cry when they're in the bath because
they're in the past freaking put your
baby in a shower no over fine right now
I'm freaking out look if you want to
take a bath at least clean your tub with
bleach if you still want to take it back
then just love baths the baths are like
really good to relax your moles okay
well I don't have muscles so come on
give me try just behind the bed
this feels great nah nothing the Bat
mobile I see you see you trying to cover
your poop particles and glitter the
glitter from those bath bombs are very
inappropriate is it go Sam get out the
tub it looks like Edward Cullen touchy
people let me tell you something else
all of these feelings are based on a
true story about stupid well
the cute girl trying to use a bath bomb
so here is the low quality annoyingly
vertical video of that moment I'm just
over here trying out of midnight it
looks like I'm having a B night I just
hope I don't die in this tub because if
somebody finds me they're gonna think
that I crapped my pants and sadness
it would look at me heavily sponsored by
Lipton tea oh my god if I had a string
attached to my head it would be a human
teabag you know when you pee in the
shower this is exactly what it feels
like what do you mean you haven't
listened to Beyonce's lemonade it's just
on top that it's uh it's not bomb it's a
bubble bar barest because I feet in the
tub but I'm gonna try this again click
update I got hum powder and develop a
paraphernalia I'm still confused did I
just make curry I know I'm not tripping
I just made tea Comus table
I have one dumb son of a okay well I
think this was a really cute like
coming-of-age story so call it that I
got you guys thank you guys so much for
washing yourselves properly not in a
bathtub get next to I have stuck in
places soap should be more often I have
never been this weapon this long I'll
see you guys next Wednesday with my
buddy this is a low-budget movie
Louise I can hear the ocean nevermind I
can just smell it I need a bath make
them own homemade broth I don't know
what can't you see my Oh somebody throw
me a toaster what yes I'm wearing
clothes the bathtub because I'm
uncomfortable with my body and mostly
because I'm very comfortable we promoted
my clothing line
