yeah oh my god I woke up with a full
face of makeup on how convenient Oh what
time is it 1:00 p.m. oh man it's time
for breakfast all right let's see what
we should eat for breakfast today hmm do
I want cereal or fruit
how about cereal fruit a doughnut
pancakes and just a slice of butter
coffee got a cough cough cough a cough
cough cough cough I ate an hour ago but
I'm hungry again yeah okay let's get a
light snack Oh leftover beets oh man I
have to eat this it's gonna go bad in
like a week since I bought it yesterday
better you two quick I'm full but I'm
bored so what's that to eat literally
all I'm doing is just eating weight and
I'm cleaning out the fridge I'm a
freaking multitasker you know what I'm
just gonna cook some food little salt
little pepper oh I should probably add
some food we're playing you what's up
what's good who said I can't cook I'm on
fire baby oh I need some water
oh I burnt it great I just burped
calories now I have to eat twice as much
bummer
I'm not even hungry I just like chewing
and tasting okay let's be healthy I can
make healthy decisions look I bought
this salad I decided to buy it boom
healthy decision I'm gonna eat this cake
now wait why do I even have this cake oh
my god my birthday is coming up in four
months JA sorry okay you know what I'm
not gonna have another slice I'm just
gonna eat a tiny bite oh yeah see that's
all I need
200 more of these and I should be good
just gonna get some water this water
tastes just like cake tell myself if I
jog to it it's like I deserve it
you know what I'll savor it and eat it
in slow-mo like they do in commercials
hmm I swallowed it hold on okay mmm I
swallowed again dang this is harder than
I thought
okay what I okay I swallowed that one
immediately if I eat it while I'm
running in place it's like I'm burning
the calories I'm eating if I think about
it hard enough I bet I can push this fat
straight to my butt cheeks I wish I was
one of those people that could break
down the ingredients of their food while
they're eating it hold on a sec let me
try this hmm is that is that chocolate
maybe hold on hold on let's see oh oh
yeah that's definitely chocolate hmm I
wonder what that by tastes like eggs
man I knew this was healthy I'm burning
off what I eat as I eat it it's
literally equivalent to me just standing
still where's the calorie count on this
thing you know what it was that
unhealthy they would have put it I'm
running and I'm eating and nothing
counts good god I just fell what the
fork I could have stabbed my eye out
good thing I just stabbed my fat it's
okay it'll grow back
what
two three oh my god I love working out
hey what's up I'm on a run god this
hurts so bad
wait a second I'll just do a plank oh
yeah this is so much better
oh wow looks like I just a booty like I
don't I don't know what that looks like
what so that is all I have for you guys
today thank you guys so much for
watching me be the happiest I've ever
been
I hope you enjoyed this video and if you
did please make sure to give it a big
thumbs up because I feel like I have to
throw up but also want to let you guys
know that I've changed I got my hair cut
yeah I look like a little Romeo with
dreads but let me know what you guys
think about it I'm not really sure how
to feel sick Dutch but thank you guys so
much for watching I'll see you guys next
Wednesday with Liza little brown hair
cut is a by E binge watch awesome
youtubers well then Thalia Oh get high
on a bunch of cough syrup wait I thought
you only had a headache what's your
point
binge watch is Series two alphas in a
stick fight sometimes oh my god what
happened
