this means that Donald Trump will be the
45th President of the United States oh
no no no no no no but the goal but the
goal gotta go
hello Cal case young boy run away with
me
Liza okay right away with Helga no sure
where we go fire too far away from
America how about Hawaii
well Hawaii is angel what intro yeah
along that means hello in join me no
it's Aloha
no I'm low hat why is everybody laughing
after they say hello Hawaiian's are so
crazy Americans even crazier and anyways
I am so excited to be here in Hawaii may
have run away with Caucasian boy who is
not mine but good thing that is sin for
God sorry I'm sick I know I said that's
a proper but that's messed up don't you
generally a finger on him oh don't worry
I'll use my full hand for how much 20
bucks
your American money means nothing to me
I'm in Hawaii I'll give you 20 Hawaiian
coins video let's go cupcake all right
Hawaii hello stop laughing
what is it home yeah I love my daughter
that's home no deodorant you want to use
mine I've Old Spice Old Spice yeah new
Megan's remote spices on your body no
that's not it's awful we buy some at
stores oh I used to have one of these
and then I broke it oh you said a little
basketball hoop no you stay on baby I
remember playing with these when I was a
kid who huh so nicely made a fake one
that doesn't bite back Oh David here we
have dinner
ah who has good nutrients no no it's
poop the game the game yeah yeah that is
disgusting you don't play with your food
oh I remember playing with this I used
to beat my kids all the time
oh you're good at ping pong no I was
good at discipline Wow they sell full
houses here
oh these socks are huge in older
Americans are so fast and Helga here all
the deodorants oh wow they all remind me
of my ex-husband our ex like my
ex-husband and the green because my
husband didn't have the great secret
because my husband didn't know about my
other husband sure because I wasn't sure
about either of them and extra extra dry
just reminds me of me with both of them
now everything in the store reminds me
of my ex-husband what do you mean Oh
Gillette reminds me of the first words I
said to my husband will you let me touch
your baby Oh charming a charming guy no
he was ultra soft and so sensitive at
stopping oh man cause he had disgusting
feet Oh Scott is a your ex-husbands name
no his name was Mark white Oh wet ones
reminds me of the women used to bring
home at night after helping them out in
the rain and giving them a ride he was
such a good man who would bring women
home Oh extra body reminds me of the
extra body in our bed at night do you
mean our son he wouldn't stop sleeping
with us oh my god my husband
Wow that's what it looked like used to
love calendars David I thought we were
going to a zoo not a restaurant
do not touch water it is okay I just
want to touch the fish no David look I
have crab oh that is my goal hella god
that's a sheep how do they give my god
no that's a sheep Oh No if they sell it
for sheep I'll go look at that David
it's a penis no it's a peek oh the
biggest penis I've ever seen oh good
they have an enclosure for children is
your first time in a pool what is a pool
this is severe no this is a pool oh I
know this is the rear but I use bathroom
and leave it a black home all the time
okay well you can't use the bathroom in
the pool hole well I just peed okay oh
that's okay this time but next time it's
pee you have to use the bathroom okay
okay well I don't have to pee okay did
you just poop yes you know what did
these Oh someone must have spin the poor
that is disgusting I know the pool is
meant for poo brain okay if there wasn't
a river where would you poop in the pool
no you just learned about the pool if it
is just like the river so that is only
here for you guys today because I
realized Hawaii is America so you have
to run away to Alaska Nell well thank
you so much for watching I hope you
enjoyed this video I know you did I'm
Helga but if you did please make sure to
give big finger up because giving
someone the finger is married and go
subscribe to Cal Kashian boy David and
tell them that my accent is sexier than
wiser will ever be okay I see you
another Wednesday with Helga little town
girl is Elle okay bye e I just fell off
my plate one ha ha
when was the last time you spoke to Jeff
she yeah good yeah it has been a while
why do you ask this he's miss me I
thought I haven't talked to him do you
miss him only if he misses me
I think jet said that he misses you he
did yeah tell him that's nice if just
watching this right now woody of the
town huh what does that mean pretty
close
