yeah yep that's exactly who you think it
is so nice to meet you I hear you're
just doing great you are already doing
pretty well yourself
underworld congratulations on all that
wonderful work you are wait are you
subscribed thank you so much
congratulations on the work you're doing
for the country
so we're talking about how we people
Warhol thank you for sitting down with
me and taking the time to spread the
word all over the Internet well because
you know young people are going to be
the people who make the biggest impact
in this country and this is the way to
reach them so and and you you're doing a
great job talking to them but some of
the things you guys care about I'm doing
a great job talking about things I
talked about
unfortunately I heard that you're going
to be out of a job soon I am so if you
have any suggestions you know maybe I'll
start a youtube show so I'm thinking I
was thinking at YouTube you think I got
I got promised I might have to try to
hit a different demographic though
but you're right Millennials are the
entire demographic of this election
I'm 1/3 of Millennials in 2012 voted in
the election only 1/3 and that means 2/3
didn't math Oh Bob at whatever you care
about if you care about you know making
sure that you've got enough money to go
to college if you care about climate
change in the environment if you care
about making sure that women have the
same rights and opportunities as men
whatever those issues are their decided
by people in government I could not have
been president if it weren't for the
support of 18 to 25 35 year olds if
you've never voted if you need
information on how to vote you can go to
I will vote calm I will vote calm it'll
show you how easy it is my first time
voting to just remind people that this
is not a hard thing to do and this is
your voice this is you showing the
country that you have a stake in it and
that
now you have an opinion about where you
want to take it exactly and I think
that's something specific about a lot of
Millennials now including myself that we
all express our opinions online whether
that be through 140 characters on
Twitter through a YouTube video there
anything online but we're not taking the
time to express that opinion through a
check mark on about the fact that matter
is is that if all you're doing is just
talking to each other but you're never
really having an impact on the people
who are going to be making decisions
about the things that you care about
then it's not in the end going to make
that much difference and it's going to
be forgotten and erased lost in the
internet turned into memes you don't
have a right to complain about stuff if
you didn't try to make an effort to move
it in a better direction sometimes when
people just see something on YouTube or
I mean they automatically assume it's
true everything on the internet isn't
true it isn't it turns out part of what
I think has made this election
interesting is we're still kind of
sorting out how do you tell what's true
from what isn't true and I think that
you know people like you who are
thoughtful and duffl informed before can
ever a good audience has a good audience
and who are credible because you're
speaking to people your age credible
because I'm speaking to people my age
the president is somebody who's done
their homework somebody who knows what
they're talking about that requires
somebody who is serious sounds like a
very important job that's that secure it
is it's a serious job you know when I
started I had no gray hair do you ever
wonder what you would have looked like
had you not taken off you know I think I
would have turned a little gray anyway I
think it looks great
I love IQ and I love you I thought you
were really cool president and now it's
just you're the coolest person cuz I was
on your show exactly is it look my shoes
I have to say like that you like that
you like that you like that oh guys love
you
you
hey stop America I look like a little
boy right now but it's cool cuz I'm an
all-american man and the reason why I
look like a bald eagle right now is
because I just got my ballot in the mail
to follow with a president of United hey
and I'm so ready their parents car
American boxes I'm feeling free and I
got my Tivo shoes when Obama personally
tells you to personally vote personally
you do it just for you Barry
only problem is I don't see Barack on
the band all right here we go first time
voting whoo
I'm sweating cuz I'm exercising the
right stuff oh I just I don't see a
difference it's a lot easier than I
thought legit took me like two seconds
to put an X in a box so easy a
five-year-old could do but not legally
but you know talking to my 18 year olds
out there I give legal win so get out
there and go vote November 8th okay
Barack was an only time to me he was
talking to you too Sarah
Jimmy Karl and a bunch of other people
with basic names but then you guys so
much for watching if you want to educate
yourself about voting there's more
description in the description I see you
later America by E
dude about to vote for the president
right now thank you
talking about making sure that we go out
there and go go but I woke up
you
