yeah
hi guys when I'm it's you girl less of
going engine I love them back to my
youtube channel which is fine cuz I'm
not racist I can't see anything
let me get a candle oh now I can see
hello I actually have no idea why people
say that out loud and scary movies that
if somebody's gonna be like hi there hi
cute for you gonna set the house on fire
oh god ray I'm like I am white oh there
we go okay I don't even have clap on
lights
wait hello hi yeah okay we already did
this kid who are you and why are you so
freaking cute because I'm you mix up
from Halloween
oh oh you're Dorothy so you were huh so
what does that make her hi so if she's
past
are you the present and not a present
I'm the preteen okay so Halloween past
and Halloween preteens yeah oh I saw Lee
so where's future probably somewhere
recording an album
no where's Liza's Halloween future
frozen oh wait so your present future is
present so you're both I can't if I
wanna be is 2016 girl that's why I'm
sorry so your future no yes
okay fine I'm future okay I see where
this is going
excuse me Phillip where the goal twit go
sweetie
no no I'm Way too old for that now what
you're not I stick to a dream isn't that
kind of creepy he's flying Cameron
corner if you're walking around children
at night with a bucket of it yes - sure
Oh give me so I'm gonna go Twitter
tweeting oh I'll take your cutie can you
take me to a costume party you're not
even wearing a costume oh I am come on
yeah oh
yeah you're a cat you're half-naked
wearing black and calling yourself a cat
um excuse me so okay you know I can hear
you calling me sir
right yes uh can we go to quit sweetie
now oh no and yes we will go soon I just
need to wrap this up wrap what up your
body with clothes I need to wrap this
video up I got it it's wrapped ah
present no ID future we've been over
this stupid yeah and she has a little
sister okay and you're all me which
means you're all stupid oh great it made
him crack hey it's okay though you want
some candy
oh oh no something okay okay I'm sorry
we'll go yes yeah thank you so let's go
great okay now I just need a costume
what about the one you're wearing what
this is just me oh uh I mean okay let's
go okay so everyone in here is a hot
mess and I'm just hot yeah maybe a hot
guy stop playing with your pets let's go
hey they didn't see my face this entire
talk especially hard to see with all
this creepy lighting man that's a person
let's go girl yeah hey everyone oh you
hit yourself that's bad suck it what
your pee-pee come on little boy let's go
oh whatever
I can't wait to hang with all the boys
tonight
yeah have fun hanging out with your own
kind oh whoa thanks sir oh wait I forgot
mine that's better
oh man sooo that's all I have for you
guys today thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did please make sure to
give it a big thumbs up and a big
clothes on for your Halloween costume
little desk I'll see you guys next
Wednesday with lazar what little brown
girl it Oh twick or tweat e-way well I
have a booth nope a bud no hips
definitely none and my boy juice well
that my costumes accurate because all
costumes are costumes happy Halloween
what
