hi guys what up is a girl that had some
common - oh and welcome to my youtube
channel I why did that cut off uh
welcome back to my youtube check how low
the fuck welcome back to my youtube
check YouTube chat my chair Jackie Chan
okay that works
no Liza editing are you trying to anger
me yeah so you can transition into the
video topic that's frickin clever ding
why didn't I think of that man I'm
really happy to have to be a part of my
YouTube chick here things that make me
hungry dang autocorrect makes me so
angry I mean it's not often that I get
angry but when I do it's at these 20
things enjoy please thank you you're
welcome
thing 1 getting something stuck in your
arm
now this especially sucks when it
happens in public and you're walking
around like you accidentally got
released from a psych ward
also really sucks when it's during a
conversation with someone especially for
the first time so yeah my mom's blonde
oh my god I can't see my mom says the
same thing would you mind giving me a
blow Ellen no just that you perf thing -
craving chick-fil-a on Sundays and I
know it's you Jesus I know it's the good
Lord punishing me for my sins and I'm
sorry
third thing when only you see that tiny
net or tiny bug flying around you're
having a conversation with a group of
people when all of a sudden the devil in
die Gnaeus form fly spa and you can't
help but follow it so you go cross-eyed
mid-conversation
and this whole time I thought he was but
then it wasn't
you do now have this strong desire to
catch the spa and turn into karate yet
I lost my chopsticks for a thing 15:15
YouTube ads that play in the middle of
videos like I don't understand how you
only bounty is two times more absorbent
and strong when wet bounty the quicker
picker-upper huh
six seventh thing be anxiety when you
see someone and you go in for a hug and
they go in for a Henchy and you
experience the hand to boob cunt
oh hey oh hey good to see you too
ah or you know something like that
eating uh anything
bras because I had absolutely nothing to
put in there something xx thing I swear
don't Jack oh oh did we already do that
so that's all I have for you guys today
literally that's all I have this was
such a short video but I am freaking
excited to freaking announce that
freakish our show is coming out on Hulu
and I'm super excited that poom-poom
idea Halloween is coming out too and you
can see the links for all these fun
things in the description below
oh my god I'm flying but thank you guys
so much for watching but I hope you
enjoyed this video and if you did please
make sure to give it a big thumbs up
because you can't give it a finger up
except for this one but pointing is rude
and it makes me angry and we're back to
the topic are you brow little brown girl
pretty now oh boy I'm just kidding I
just need anger management
bye another question for you jet do you
know who beyonce is ball count
statistics I've got another question can
you do a split yeah hello oh my god
