yeah hey guys went up it's a girl nozzle
coming at you and welcome back to my
youtube channel today I have a very
special guest who I will always sit
across from and never next to because I
have no idea how to edit that but here
he is welcome on in so I know a lot of
you guys already know this very handsome
man but please introduce yourself I'm
going to it so I asked you guys on my
Twitter to tweet me using the hashtag
ask jet since jet required us to pay him
to tweet and we just couldn't afford to
do that let's get into it shall we
so jet doesn't really read write speak
English or any language for that matter
he really just communicates with his
eyes so I'm here to translate read your
tweets let's go I think we all want to
know this what am i right there's no one
here who is your haircut inspired by oh
thanks
how do you get in America you go hashtag
ask jet how many women have you dated
wrong oh wow ten Oh much more I see what
a ladies man you are asked a gas jet any
tips to being sexy
and here we have a very nonspecific
question what do you think of older
white guy
a controversial question here chicken or
chicken gold how do you tame your
moustache
another question for you jet do you know
who beyonce is ball house the second
player but what is your favorite movie
and act out your favorite scene from the
movie oh let me let go Jack I'll never
let go another question can you do a
split yeah
hello oh my god next question go to the
closest person and lick them oh no wait
no please no no please oh okay okay oh
um what no no no oh my god okay next
question
what's your taste in music good
next question / command rap for us Jenn
okay where do you keep getting these
props from oh no from your backpack mold
this is bull okay next question how do
you get your hair so perfect
next question what mascara and eyeliner
do you use
must a gas jet dr. Jeff Jeff all oh let
a small one here must have been a job
another question do you like cheese Kate
cheese
yeah Jase yes cheese jeez are you saying
cheese or yes jeez okay question how do
you make staring so uncomfortable I
guess you didn't hear me they asked how
do you make staring so uncomfortable
okay I see what's happening
are you about to start breathing heavily
another question are you a legal
immigrant I am a legal immigrant a legal
immigrant a illegal immigrant legal Oh
wake up legally here a leg away here
immigrant okay I won't tell Donald so
that's all I have for you guys today
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you enjoyed this video they it did
then please give it a big thumbs up also
holy sweet baby Jesus hallelujah man he
was born on Christmas Day thank you so
much for 4 million subscribers got cloak
I'll see you guys next month they would
live little brown girl is ah ye you
can't do that I have to end it stop it
has to cut off when I say bye but you
dare start breathing heavily dang it bye
dr. pepper yeah this is pretty good you
all have so many doctors in your country
no sorry no easily available in my
country I was pregnant I was having baby
yeah I rolled on back of alpaca for a
long time to find doctor guess but
alright didn't find doctor I died
who's coming what is who's there
