yeah where'd you go I'm right here chill
out stop asking questions
hey guys what up its your girl Liza
coming in and welcome back to my youtube
channel so guys I am driving today which
means someone is going to die today
today I'm in the mood to go to China but
I don't have enough gas for that so
instead we're gonna go to my favorite
Chinese store that's right let's get
$1.00 batboat
guys everything in the store is cheap
especially me I'm so cheap I come to the
dollar store to look for broken things
so I can get them at a discount so you
know one of my parents is foreign dollar
store there's no brands there just knock
up like it's not extra man it's just man
it's not Windex it's just windown not
Star Wars start what yo there are a lot
of cheap hose at the double stud oh man
I'm so cheap that spilled probably
unsanitary items it's just a free sample
to me you don't know they got mirrors
here for how much I don't know job and
they're just as good-looking as they are
in regular stores so that makes me
wonder how much would this be if I got
it at Target
no so fast I don't think I've even used
s oh I'm a rapper okay we're looking for
mirrors mirrors mirrors mirror for 4.99
miracle for dollar what kind of awesome
know what this one's actually a little
bit uglier than the ones at the dollar
store I'm good imma gonna look hot up
for a talent the right decision right
let me pause reflect yeah I'm a genius
I'm gonna get this one guys the picture
frames come with us up in your house and
convince people that these are your
friends but just I'm gonna go ahead and
buy all of these and have thirteen
different white families hanging up on
my house let me think of something honey
this is the best soap in the land these
clouds are super absorbent and
comfortable July have a clean joke okay
Barbie get you a better evoke more like
bog face yeah hey girls what's another
name for your ex-boyfriend disposable
tej yo this is the dollar because you
gotta make it yourself that's your own
it's not even yours don't want it so bad
but it's not for people I can't tell if
I'm tripping or is like crackerjack a
super racist name-brand baby clothes $1
for my non-existent Donna that I don't
have but I are new but wait how much
would this be a baby I almost threw up I
got here so fast baby baby baby clothes
Oh
for how much my kid's gonna be naked
until he turns 18 baby no I don't think
so hasta LaVista baby was that try to be
this baby on a budget daddy likes a
discount I've got a friend like you
this is a degree what do I look smart
validation I've ever wanted is reheater
wait how much would
y'all played housing board tuition I'm
gonna play it done I don't even know how
to use a calculator I didn't go to
school but I did to get a degree but
asked I thought into my family I bring
dishonor oh I've been at the dollar
store for like eight hours you sure do
spend a lot of time here but you don't
spend a lot of money they could see but
that is all I have for Dallas no fine
thank you guys so much for watching me
thank you guys so much for watching and
I'll see you guys make some wind David
that little brown girl is ye
you're good now kids here at the dance
actually I hooked up here with the
manager mostly because he's my uncle
we're not actually related any older
brown man I have to call uncle it's just
like an Indian thing hello uncle but
I've never met before and have no blood
relation to you how much would this be
if I bought it at Target I'll be right
back
well I feel extremely confident and
terrified right now it did like three
squats yesterday this is 13 years of bad
luck and one strong boot I am in no way
tried to discourage you from not going
to school children anything my stupidity
should encourage you to stay in school
graduations saw my coups and all the
other people my age that are actually
okay but why do they have my clothing
line here you guys check out my link
description below or go to the Dallas
