give you a mannequin do balls yeah dang
it hey guys what's up it's a girl it's a
girl Liza coming at you didn't work the
first time
hey guys what up it's your girl Liza
there's a lot of gang symbols coming at
you so freakin high in California I feel
like I'm gonna stay my couch with my
booty juice when you hug your boyfriend
which I'm about to go to hell oh we're
really these razors for men gets such a
close State SHOs huh it's just made in
China oh my god it's so bad on its roots
so real it's sad dr. pepper yeah it's
actually pretty good you all have so
many doctors in your country no son not
easily available in my country I was
pregnant I was having baby yeah I rode
on back of alpaca for a long time to
find dr. kiss but all right didn't find
doctor I died who's coming
who's there I have never been to airport
or be on airplane before then how'd you
get to the country Oh oops MP socks
oops Oh USPS Oh like UPS yes what you
have something else to say
alga that is the American spirit hazel
now you say it doesn't make America
great again but it'd be that oh it's a
condiment to protect you from an STD Oh
in my country to protect from STD you
just don't share your dog but is hell
man to protect you
mom STD oh it's to protect your head Oh
try to put on okay I put it on already
imma throw the bomb okay Oh Chet you
little liar you scumbag
before you fool the Olympic Committee to
thinking you were a man let's get down
to business
so that is all I have for you guys today
but thank you so much for watching I
hope you enjoyed this video and if you
did please make sure to give it a big
thumbs up I'll see you guys next
Wednesday with does little brown girl
he's in okay way he's not gonna like me
she's gonna love me he won't want me I
want me I wonder if he's cute I'm cute I
wonder if they'll think I'm cute I'm
cute okay that's it I'm ready okay I say
I'm cute
Jamal right I mean come on these crumbs
won't come off my shirt man you're nasty
