hey what's up I'm not wearing any pants
no seriously I told you that intro was
really sure she must've ran out of ideas
yo can you play the rest of the clip
already wait like now like now got it
yeah hey guys what up it's your girl
Liza coming at you Oh Stan coming at you
welcome back to my youtube channel so
today's video is gonna be a little
different because it's a little more of
a rant about something that I've really
been meaning to tell you guys I'm brown
why I swear and if you're new here
welcome to the mystery I'm Brown and you
have no idea why this must be very
stressful for you but if you have been
here before then you've heard the story
about my dark chocolate dad and my white
chocolate mom swirling together to make
rich creamy smooth no Chuck now do you
want a scoop of me and a sugar waffle
cone but people look at me and they're
confused
I'm brown they're baffled I'm tinted
they're puzzled I'm the color of their
hot mocha cappuccino on what the world
likes to call racially ambiguous
ethnically mysterious curiously
racialized so pretty much like dude what
kind of hole did you crawl out of a
white one who had some help from a brown
one anyways now you may not relate if
you're just a white girl watching this
or just a black guy watching this but
you two should meet up make a mixed baby
and have them subscribe to my channel
but whether you are a mixed kid or
you're making the mixed kids these are
some mixed kid problems people think I'm
everything in anything than what I
actually am people think I'm Mexican or
Puerto Rican or Brazilian or Colombian
or Polynesian or honey-roasted barbecue
all the chick-fil-a sauces and I always
get questions like what are you human
where are you from my mother's virgin
what are your parent Flyers cuz I look
nothing like them I swear I'm adopted
and people do think I'm adopted so my
mom is white and I'm
so when she would hold my little hand
she was like hairy world
look what cooked in my oven foots them
long and the world was like does anybody
see this white lady's feeling a little
Mexican but people would always ask my
mom if I was adopted so she would have
to explain to them oh no her father's a
very brown man he's Indian I like spices
oh you're Indian and hear me don't act
surprised yeah she's right ganya and
America
cuz I'm mixed not sure if I said that
yet but yeah so people think I'm
everything than what I actually am I
mean people who know what I actually am
don't know what I actually am my white
grandpa would call me his coffee colored
grandchild and my parents would call me
their little Mexican daughter now if
that doesn't cause a personal identity
crisis I don't know what does I swear I
am adopted though I mean I'm making this
video so my parents can just come out
and tell me or my family in Puerto Rico
will claim me kidding I'm kidding but
it's not too late to tell me mom or
should I say mama trust issues so yeah I
don't even know what I actually am my
hair doesn't know what I actually am I
can toss it up in a bun or braid it like
I'm white Wendy but I also wake up every
morning with a baby afro
I mean my skin doesn't know what I
actually am I mean as you can see I'm
brown whoa I swear but when you look in
places that the Sun don't shine I'm what
why are you two so pale why my nipples
look like melted Hershey's Kisses too
much of a visual oops but at least with
my skin you can see that I'm mixed white
mom Brown dad white mom Brown dead white
mom really white grandpa I mean my
friends don't know what I actually am so
growing up mixed is different you don't
really know what group to hang out with
do you sit with the white kids eating
PB&J and slim jims with handwritten
notes from their mom on their napkins or
do you sit with the brown kids doing
extra credit work at lunch and eating
last nights and leftover goodie and I'm
gonna want to choose cuz I don't want to
be a racist six-year-old so I grew up
with everybody so I had my white friends
where my dad jokes were hilarious I got
addicted to Pinterest wore giant
t-shirts and traded cornbread recipes
and these pale friends of my
asked me to go tanning and I would say
Jennifer I already come precooked so
while they can
I had my brown friends I would bond with
like yo we're proud dude we're lady
almost you want the next wedding wait a
second you had curry last night too yo
you know the song okay wait what about
this song no that is a different kind of
spice and it was because I had my
Hispanic friends because I'm from
Houston Texas
and there was a huge Hispanic population
yo puedo ver espanol como soy Hispanic
and that gave me instant access to
homemade tamales tortas and taquitos and
when Alondra Hilah and Maria would turn
15 I would turn up I was a lot loving
those kids in here is dancing but Jack
that's Matt cave pinata ain't working my
chimichanga but I didn't really perfect
the twerk until I had my black friends
that were on my dance team and that's
when little Liza learned the difference
between butt and booty I also learned
that I had neither and after four years
of them trying to teach me how to twerk
I still look like this
well it takes talent skill buttcheeks
and I'm pretty sure some math that I
missed out learning from Asian friends I
didn't really have a group of them no
offense and nothing against I love
wontons and egg rolls and sushi and
dumplings and Honda
but I loved hanging out with people of
different ethnicities but it confused me
even more especially when it came down
to marking what I was on those ethnicity
surveys and my Caucasian not just in my
Asian I mean India is in Asia but how
like egg roll Asia that's messed up
where was the bucks for mix so the box
for brown and confused or the bucks
someone ships me in as a baby from
Mexico what not sure if you get it yet
but I'm mixed I'm biracial I'm proud and
I'm brown Wow I swear but no matter what
we all have our racial relatable
problems even though it's 2016 and we
shouldn't see those individual colors
but rather one big ol beautiful rainbow
with butterflies and cookie poop and
unicorns so that is all I have for you
guys today and just a quick note I hope
nobody takes offense to this video
because no matter who you are or where
you come from my mothers would yeah
embrace your culture and that brown
white purple green blue black yellow red
turquoise yes even that specific shade
of blue but thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed this video
if you did please make sure to give it a
big thumbs up because white salt and
black pepper put together make a dish
better there's an underlying meaning for
that but I'll see you guys next
Wednesday Nets Little Mix Brown girl in
South by E stay tuned after the outro
for a brief message II do you paint on
your fake eyebrows every single day
constantly worrying about them coming
off and then they do just grab a sharpie
and fill them in just be careful how you
draw them because it is permanent do you
constantly smell weird
yeah oooh that's gross hey stick around
I like that I like you you as an oil and
if you is loyal like a Labrador
Retriever I would love for you to me
let's call you a dog I would love for
you to subscribe to my second channel
what's she saying my second channel so
if you guys like my I mean creepily
whisper if you guys like this rant video
and you can see more of like ramps and
topic videos on this second channel that
I'll be uploading on now my second
channel she'll be uploading on in my
last video I announced that I have a
peel box now so I'll be opening stuff on
my second channel so that and topic
videos and vlog like stuff maybe some
challenges here and there so more of a
fun laid-back not scripted kind of
channel is this scripted uh no it is not
but yeah so subscribe to that if you
want to see more what is brown in town
you know saying I'll show you around
boho style and I'm not gonna sign up
again so I'm just gonna Jim what are you
doing in my house thank you and
subscribe you too Jim
I'll do this one
