hey guys give this video a thumbs up if
you think that you are what how are you
gonna ask for a thumbs up if they
haven't even watched the video yet oh I
mean I'm just hoping that they like the
video I did enjoyed helping how dare you
oh I just thought I would ask for thumbs
up even though I haven't said anything
and I just thought you would speak some
English no you're a sick twisted person
oh my god I you know you're right yeah
that's what I thought
thumbs up if you think I'm right yeah
hey guys what's up it's a girl that it
was - coming at you and welcome back to
my youtube channel
oh hey thanks it's great to be here I'm
sorry does anybody else feel unwelcome
here yeah I'll be honest this side of me
does okay welcome all to my youtube
channel
okay that's messed up no that's just a
mediocre joke but hello there beautiful
oh hey hey say hello to me but you're
ugly oh you take that back oh sorry I'm
bad well okay okay I'm done
nice to meet you but how long they're
beautiful
one another secret to being beautiful
well I can't tell you because it's a
secret no one knows I don't know ask
Victoria but today I have some beauty
hacks for you haven't washed your hair
in 17 days that's a specifically long
time well use some dry shampoo to
refresh that mess and if you haven't
washed your body spray it all over that
too everyone will think you've showered
or that you're just on drugs are your
legs super hairy who has time to put up
with shaving just style yourself to
cover the hair a color Harry Styles want
to put on your makeup at the perfect
angle like the beauty gurus do well you
can first grab some scotch tape then
place on your eyes and face until you
look borderline racist now apply your
makeup as you normally would and peel to
reveal absolute perfection
are you a vegan with a chunk of meat
stuck in your teeth and you can't get it
out and are you living a lie that you're
a vegan well get any unwanted food out
of your teeth by using your hair as
floss and if you haven't washed your
hair in 17 days and that's too
unsanitary then feel free to use
somebody else's hair lipsticks nowadays
can be way too expensive try this
homemade lipstick that involves buying a
lot of ingredients that will end up
costing more first get a raspberry a
blueberry a strawberry and a blackberry
because you're not racist mix all of
these together until they become a thick
paste then take a dip swipe on the lip
for an all-natural look yeah what where
did everybody go
do you have dark circles and bags
underneath your eyes we'll say goodbye
to under-eye by not wearing your glasses
no you can't even see them are your lips
dry crusty and ashy grab some olive oil
and apply to your lips for a super
subtle lip gloss soups easy to take on
the go to and no one will think you're
an alcoholic want to know a secret way
to making your girls look bigger
stuff them with tissue then if someone
makes fun of you for stuffing your bra
you can use your tissue to cry into okay
no no no no no no no no no no no no I
don't have an accent
girls you do not need to stuff contour
or even duct tape yourselves in any way
yes
duct tape I've tried it before almost
lost in it but you are beautiful just
the way you is even if you are
grammatically incorrect
besides it's what's on the inside that
counts on the inside yeah one two yeah I
counted two boobs man okay that's not
what I meant
and I don't know what you're counting
because there's not much to count in
there
rude man okay okay enough jokes girls
don't forget to stuff your bra well okay
I'm done
love yourself you're beautiful next
booty heck do you paint on your fake
eyebrows every single day constantly
worrying about them coming off and then
they do just grab a sharpie and fill
them in just be careful how you draw
them because it is permanent do you
constantly smell weird yeah ooh that's
gross is your skin dry itchy flaky and
peeling off then get some help you human
lizard but if you want baby booty smooth
skin at home try this homemade face mask
recipe first add bleach to brighten your
skin some butter for moisturizing rocks
for exfoliating baby food for
anti-wrinkle milk for lactose
intolerance and some white powder I
bought from a guy in a dark corner he
said it would keep me young so now mix
all of that together apply to your face
and bam fresh smooth skin is your hair
flat and lifeless do you wish it had
some volume Oh
I don't get it so that is all I have for
you guys today because that allowed a
booty I can take thank you so much for
washing your bodies because because one
of us needs to but I hope you enjoyed
this video and if you did please make
sure to give it a big thumbs up because
this is my second time asking for it so
maybe I have a weird thumb fetish
uh-huh and I'll see you guys next
Wednesday with less little brown girl
we tried so hard with that don't worry
bye like I said we baked some cookies
let's get big we've done that drugs yes
do it
no we've made cookies for a video before
I I got nothing
I got clothes I don't believe it fine
it's not okay it's totally dead no smell
I'd pick out a guy up what hey what
would what are you doing are you still
here uh-huh what do you like me or
something
I have no idea why okay maybe you were
expecting like a blooper or mess-up back
here and I feel really bad about that so
oh and there's my potato grease any
moment to tell you guys that I actually
just opened the PIO box and I feel
really weird about opening one because I
don't want you guys to go out and buy me
stuff or send me gifts like just send me
money what I'm kidding but I'm also kind
of nervous that somebody's gonna send me
like a bag Boop and if you send me a bag
poop I'm not going to open it I'm just
gonna like scratch and sniff it anyways
I thought it'd be a cool way to like
personally connect with some of you guys
and maybe I'd send a postcard back to
keep the expectations low yeah so no one
said Boop unless you had something
really good to eat the day before
no I'm serious please oh someone's gonna
do it but okay cool so I'm not gonna
sign up again so I'm just gonna like to
disappear oh man I forgot to put a jump
cut so just like I just like ran away
