what's up guys so I've really been
thinking about this look she's giving
her intro what's up guys so I've been
thinking I just how much you want to bet
she's gonna make a pun or something
hey guys I've been thinking I really
wanted some entertaining so they keep
watching ok ok fine pretend we're done
do it do it do it do it what's up guys
so I've been down okay I lied I'm not
done
sure ah I'm so sorry guys my friends
keep interrupting me while I'm trying
she's a friend
she said friends it's just you different
yet so many wardrobe changes I have so
much laundry to do I forgot to put a
shirt on yeah hey guys what's up it's
your girl doesn't coming at you ever
welcome back channel ah geez you owe me
another dollar room temperature water
what what I'm on a diet
okay anyways today we are going to do
that today we're going to what are we
doing today
wait what you don't have a video topic
what ah that is not room temperature
excuse me okay that one made me crave a
burrito is that racist great now we have
a thumbs down what do you mean you have
nothing me we have nothing
what no no it can't be
ah wait I don't even use paper I have so
many paper cuts I'm still making this is
way too similar to that seen in
spongebob we're all freaking out inside
of his mind except there's nothing on
fire and there it is I had two guys so
what are we gonna do first let's use our
inside voices do some yoga and find our
savasana and Malibu mom oh I found mine
I felt close okay seriously now it's the
paper from earlier I'm still naked we
need a video
I need a burrito let's do cooking with
Liza well baking with Liza oh yeah Liza
hey how about grocery shopping with Liza
wait did you steal that cart no I just
took it that's the same thing what was
that a good idea an idea what you got
something good oh I got something good
oh thank god dude we're saying share it
with us ah gracias Senor burrito sorry
if that was racist oh I'm not sharing
any of this
oh my god we have nothing not true we
have peace love and savasana nama-hatta
one thumb do we have drugs too because
I'm pretty sure she's on them look I
said we bake some cookies let's get big
drugs we've done that drugs yes do it
no we've made cookies for a video before
I got nothing I got clothes I don't
believe it
fine it's not okay it's a totally bad
smell I'd pick out a guy like we can't
not have zero ideas right I'm sorry was
that English wasn't Spanish cuz that
racist yeah that was kind of confusing
we're done for we have nothing left no
don't get like that I'll come on someone
need uh no wait can't leave this box Oh
someone farted it wasn't me what oh no
no no I okay I get it that makes total
sense but not yet oh my god yes oh oh oh
nice wait I have an idea I have tools no
way dream okay duct tape all right I'm
still linking well tell me how about a
video about not having ideas
excuse me Oh was it you this time
what no oh my god okay what died in
someone's pants it was in me tada
look I should really stop walking uh-huh
good oh nice dude I can smell the dollar
95 you pay for walkable and you get to
enjoy it for free dude I got it why
don't we make a video of all of us
talking about trying to find an idea for
a video huh
Oh what did someone fart again no that's
just an awful idea that requires way too
much editing and way too many
I'm done I'm hungry I'm pregnant I'm
sober don't do drugs I'm not convinced
but I'll do drugs I'm on subscribing not
really
chip so then all we have for you guys
today because that's all the personality
issues I can take but I hope you enjoyed
this video and if you did please make
sure to give it a big thumbs up because
all them have accounts and they all give
me thumbs up is that cheating is that
racist but we'll see you guys next
Wednesday with lasses little brown girl
is out by making him a champion in every
sport and deep to take gold in every
event this year his name
JX Kinski the sir
you
