hello welcome to the 2016 that's not
music
extra extra welcome to the 2016 games
games games games no hello and welcome
to the 2016 games I am your host Debra
loss magnet and may I say that I am very
excited very prideful to be the first
Canadian woman to host the Olympic Games
as we gather together as Nations United
below the four great Olympic rings oh
sorry one second
good but literally for late Olympic
rings we recognize our greatest athletes
and how non-athletic we feel while
watching them and speaking of the great
today we follow the incredible story of
the world's first all-around Olympian
making him a champion in every sport and
deep to take gold in every event this
year his name Jack skinsky the third
this will be jets very first games at
the young ripe age of 20 over his 25
years of training he has claimed over 4
participant ribbons and to perfect
attendance awards he was also named
national champion of 2016 hair bowling
and may I say I had never seen the limpy
in warmup it's such an extensive amount
of clothing his fame has made him a
YouTube phenomenon with his views
rocking over 36 and his Twitter with
over 4 million tweets and 13 followers
he is famous in every sense of the word
now I am not sure what country jet
represents no I don't believe we have
any idea but oh look here we have his
mother supporting him in the stands oh
isn't she just adorable now we may be
able to tell what nationality jet is by
listening into their dialogue let's see
that is definitely foreign jet is still
walking and still warming up for us and
it appears right now he is making very
intense eye contact with us and he is
still walking
we have to keep talking about hair while
you walk right is even going to the
track right now oh boy yukata commercial
commercial are you finding yourself to
smell absolutely awful are you always
running to the bathroom are you
constantly having pillow fights with
your TV remote that sucks we can't help
you but we can't help you keep the
mosquitoes away while the athletes play
with on spray our not so secret
ingredient is sugar water which is used
to attract mosquitoes to bite your skin
increasing your immunity check out on
Spray versus our other leading
competitors do not use on if you are
pregnant nursing or pregnant nurse
side effects may include headache rash
nausea diarrhea runny poops
hallucinations infection pregnancy
severe anal bleeding food cravings I'll
be kicking in ability to identify Coke
versus Pepsi heart attack stroke and
death while using on do not operate
machinery unless you know how to then go
ahead and we are react with Jack who is
making his way down to the runner strap
and what appears to be this team uniform
the United States oh we know what's this
oh okay alright I know well representing
teams in the hundred meter dash is Jeff
that skinsky
welcome to the 100 meter Olympic test
runners please warmup I'm taking
positions on your mark get set
and would you look at that form now on
to his swimming meet and back to the
track from the Olympic hurdles welcome
back runners to the Olympic hurdles
please take your okay
cutting back over to the ring for jets
boxing bitch it doesn t look spectacular
Elliot are warming up on the back is
Chet getting ready for gymnastics
J also excels in the following events
golf tennis are chewy diving gymnastics
now the 2016 games are going absolutely
oh I'm sorry one second
hey I'm just coming in for an interview
bye oh cool I have just heard word that
jet is coming in for a live interview
right now
Huna what hello welcome in jet Huskins
is a third thank you for taking the time
today jet da
please take a seat now today we just
have a couple of questions for you
first one being is your real name jet or
is it short for Jedediah or something
short over what exactly Brad oh I see me
sense so so why do they call you jet
because it's faster than an airplane no
faster than Cod oh yes I got you I
suppose so Jeff what makes you so
different from the other athletes I have
eleven toes oh so you have one extra on
one foot around so is that why you think
you're going to win gold I don't think I
okay yes so when do you find the time to
better go now always have a cup okay but
would you look at that and interview and
record said I know what a champ and with
that is our coverage of the 2016
Olympics today make sure to tune in next
week for hopefully a more relatable
traffic but I hope you enjoyed this
coverage if you did please make sure to
give it a big thumbs up because I don't
see Anderson Cooper doing this anywho
signing off
I'm Deborah las Nami and goodness
why did you guys tell me to laugh
afterwards and why are we still on air
and showing this part that part of the
newest has always confused me but oh my
hey guys so this video was something a
little different than what I normally do
I just got out into the world and this
whole video I've actually been filmed in
Brazil where I am watching the Olympics
live on TV because it's way too hot of
that but it's been awesome being here
and I just want to let you guys know
that I'm resilient and I'm growing a big
booty now but thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you guys next
Wednesday we love little brown girl is
uh shits gonna climb across the table
now bye
yeah
