I was trying to dress like a little girl
going to her first day of school for
this video but I kind of looked like a
British mother dressed her little boy
for teatime
thank you mother no I don't know what
this was either yeah hi guys went up
it's a girl lesson coming at you and
welcome back to school my youtube
channel but apparently according to
stores right now
also welcome back to school excuse me
what's that cold but look it's that
disgusting relatable time of the year
again I've seen about every youtuber
make a video about going back to school
yeah should see a doctor and that's
ironic because most of us aren't even in
school this is getting old we're on
educated we just know kind of how to
speak English good Li ha ha kid we know
how to speak English well Li so let me
ask you a random question that may or
may not transition into the video what's
more sad than being in a public restroom
realizing there's no toilet paper and
you just took a dump skis absolutely
nothing true but what's also sad is
walking into target in the middle of
summer trying to get some tanning lotion
so you could look like a hot mocha latte
and then seeing this
oh it sucks man it's the middle of
summer stores are trying to shove
colored pencils and glue down your
throat
that's messed up I'm not trying to eat
colored pencils guys don't actually
drink glue okay cuz it's much easier to
eat from the stick someone's parents are
gonna sue me anyways today I want to
show you guys some back-to-school deals
DIY oh well just to show them some
back-to-school stuff
what no DIY I don't know why you're
asking and that's a weird stutter but
DIY not a great joke I love it did you
know I hate it and why is it in the
video yeah why not
I just drew up so it takes me a really
long time and some really bad jokes to
start a video but here are some
back-to-school di whoops oh so I have a
DIY notebook all you gonna need is a
notebook and a pen then write your name
on the front so easy a baby could do it
actually wait no they can't do them also
on the inside make sure to include your
name and your number in case you ever
lose your notebook and someone cute
finds it and wants to see your adorable
drawings next school supply DIY pencils
this you need a puzzle write your name
on it sharpen it for a kid throw it away
and get a mechanical one because it's
2016 then look over at your friends and
realize that their pencil looks like a
transformer and then you look over at
the hipster that's using one of those
mechanical pencils that looks like a
number-two pencil this came from the
earth Hey hakuna matata that's plastic
next DIY so you buy a pack of pens and
you're eventually going to lose every
single one of these so you might as well
get a head start
what the heck they literally disappeared
I have no idea where lost stuff goes
next DIY get one of these classic pink
erasers and then stab it like a psycho
for no apparent reason
where does it go Oh another school
supplies to have would be some snacks in
your backpack because it's always good
to have handy in case you get hungry
during school another supply DIY first
get whiteout 10 since you're already
gonna do this in class when you get so
bored
pull the string of the white out as much
as you can there is a lot in here oh my
god I'm gonna try out for cheerleading
us here once it's all out then throw it
away another school supplied to have its
alcohol in case you need extra credit
from your teachers what just kidding you
kids can't buy alcohol and neither can i
this is just water another school supply
will be make sure I get in textbooks too
ok obviously I'm kidding guys no illegal
substances here just a drink ok no big
deal next DIY get a mini stapler write
your name on it use it twice to look
excessively prepared for life then throw
it away yeah because you're never going
to use it again and you're going to lose
it another school supply to have would
be a present and then while they do roll
call you can say present and then you'll
eat alone at lunch or on the toilet but
it's kind of comfortable another school
supply to have would be a three-ring
binder as we all know these binders
eventually break and when you try to
close them they pinch your fingers
ah then we also have construction paper
wide rule paper
college ruled paper graphing paper loose
leaf paper leaf and to hold all of your
school supplies
get yourself a pencil box that screams I
sell drugs at school that is all I have
for you guys today because that is all
the English I can smoke right now as you
can see please please stay in school for
the both of us gets away from acai sugar
for the record I'll be finishing school
on mine my indian father's making me say
this hello daddy but I hope you enjoyed
this video if you did please make sure
to give it a big thumbs up because I
really hope these tips merely stick with
you and I'll see you guys next Wednesday
will of little brown girl isn't
educating and is Lae
did anyone water George Bush is it
called fall because the temperature and
leaves are starting to drop if you're a
driven person does that mean you have
gas - is any powder in chili chili
powder what happens when Ice Cube runs a
fever is Swiss cheese in Switzerland
just cheese cars are giant movie
cupholders our turkeys in Turkey just
Birds
does it tree have a family tree and is
that called a forest if you're Greek all
yogurt is Greek yogurt
