hi guys what up it's a girl ass coming
at you and welcome back to my youtube
channel and good morning psych it's good
night yeah I stood here all day for this
but you can't really see me so the Lord
said let there be light
thank you anyways so it's not night
which means it's time for some late
night does that was a pretty cute clever
transition man I'm adorable
wait what can they hear me right now
well welcome to late night thoughts yeah
I'm pretty sure I become a genius at
night
hello video transition I just realized I
sat around and made poop all day why are
they called heels if you're on your toes
mountains are boobs of the earth
mountain climbers are perverts if it's
your first time having Chipotle does
that mean you've got Chipotle its Jimmy
John's dad Papa John's
why do secret agents always wear suits
wouldn't it be easier to run around and
fight crime and like sweatpants if you
spill coffee on a shirt is it still a
t-shirt I'm gonna name my child Eve so
everybody can personally wish her Merry
Christmas and Happy New Year's in every
year what do you call a Jewish bartender
Hebrew that wasn't good one
I know dang I didn't do anything all day
way no i sat around and made poop all
day
nice whoa way to go Kritika dad I lost
my train of thought I will forever
wonder if those old peaches and onions
that Shia LaBeouf ate in holes were
actually good I used to be a cell my
parents made us sell together how did
they even do that oh no wait look look
can I say nice to meet you to someone if
they're vegan the word imperfect
literally spells out I'm perfect they
start telling you not to do drugs in
high school honestly I could care less
about trying a krabby patty I want to
try a crusty crab pizza he made a whole
freakin
song about it is there a gender that
doesn't know how to whistle the crusty
gray yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah pizza is
the pizza the um and me pickles are just
small teenager cucumbers whoa
I totally forgot what my voice sounded
like hello oh hey what's up are you
still eco-friendly if you eat vegetables
did anyone water George Bush is it
called fall because the temperature and
leaves are starting to drop if you're a
driven person does that mean you have
gas too is any powder in chili chili
powder what happens when ice cube runs a
fever is Swiss cheese in Switzerland
just cheese cars are giant moving cup
holders are turkeys in Turkey just Birds
does a tree have a family tree and is
that called a forest if you're great all
yogurt is Greek yogurt I pay an extra
dollar and 99 cents at Chipotle for
someone to destroy an avocado I'm so
expressive even when I'm just thinking
my parents could have ruined my life by
naming me yeah if you draw creepy
pictures does that make you sketchy oh
hey what's up yeah good it's got a funny
I'm gonna name my kid Ben why don't I
have more friends I'm loyal I'm friendly
I like walks oh my god I'm a dog yeah so
I think that is all I have for you guys
today I hope you enjoyed this video and
if you did please make sure to give it a
big thumbs up because thinking took
longer than I thought and I'll see you
guys next one
stay with Liza where I guarantee I won't
look like an amoeba little brown that
girl is that heyy oh look that is the
time in my country huh
ah cool which one I don't know you keep
these it's a nice thing it's a phone in
there oh oh it's a drinking well for the
girls
no no just a fan Helga oh you know New
Yorkers are so nice and friendly hello
she is ugly David look look wells Wells
yeah well I have been dehydrated I get
water from where I was at
yeah thumbnail go
