man today I really want an intro that
grabs your attention something that
really grabs you and pulls you into the
video like what whoa not good come on
wait how'd you get in here wait why was
the door just open wait if the door was
open why did you use the door
Oh
yeah hello what is this this is the live
stream is this real River what is a it
is your cough younger coming at you and
welcome back to my youtube channel it is
natural you to jam and or how did you
take the tape off your lips
well oh I don't know maybe cuz I forgot
to put it back on for this part that's
not what guys don't listen to this crazy
that is not a nice way to talk about
your guts
you are not my cousin I am too crazy to
be in America okay that is just racist
no Zach Oh mother
hey I am not related to that okay what
kind of accent even is that hmm I don't
know but if you have something sexy that
the boys wolf okay look this dialogue is
way too long man I'm starting to sweat
and you can't keep me hostage here I
have to go to New York today with David
I'm David okay how does this Torchic
open it sorry you busy right now
you look pretty tied up oh man you spit
on me help me get out of here leave to
the water trip to New York oh don't
leave so fast Brodie calculation boy Oh
who's coming with me it can be Helga hmm
sounds good to me
hey what's a sexy accent they build you
come on let's get your fight what are
you keep coming friend boy okay how did
she even pass that fast no this is
unrealistic okay okay well not wire your
mouth moving but you can only hear me
okay blade points
this is about to be one where do you do
video and I'm walking this door soon see
I'm soundless forgot the camera is
stupid I have never been an airport on
airplane before Helga but then how did
you get into the country
Oh oops oops oops I'm here oh oh oh oh
you mean UPS yes walks in boss
we'd be arriving a box you told me you
arrived on an alpaca alpaca alpaca Gina
same thing in Moscow this place is
bigger than my country
look at this amazing you know these are
just the shades algo you gotta pull them
up hey I'll go what's wrong
Oh dad I left my teeth brushes I mean
your toothbrush toothbrush yeah
toothbrush that's what they call it what
you only brush one tooth oh it's just a
toothbrush well America is so dirty that
is why you are all fat gum we got to
start back out of this dear purse
yeah the diapers why does it say extra
protection how is just it's for its for
soldier babies for babies and armies no
no no it's for babies that poop more
well they are pooping more cuz they
aren't in the army that's terrifying
what is this dude a tide use it to wash
your clothes what your clothes to wash
them oh so you just pour this in the
river what kind of animal is this huh oh
they're just dog bones dog boots yeah
you killed puppies
no no no that it's just for dogs to
nibble on and to eat dogs eat other dogs
you know Oh which one is the golden yoga
no no these are all made by cows make my
cows yeah your cows know how to milk
goats
what is this off oh it's to kill
mosquitoes it's like bugs your skip skip
oh I killed one bit work dr. pepper yeah
you have so many doctors in your country
no it's a drink in my country I tell you
I was pregnant with baby baby coming up
now I see it on back of alpaca I go to
doctor for a long trip guess what
what baby was 18 when I got them family
size
don't you mean village size why is
everybody searching for him I find so
easily we are natural spring water yeah
then what you're drinking the winter
beer bill
compete cookies go to tools yes me and
go to root beer
yes
I looked for beard you get you see what
I see I get it but it's kind of stupid
you know I try to make bun like my
costume yeah I was but it was bad it was
bad I guess I have a lot of work to
Mountain you mean a lot of work to do
yes to mountain yeah oh these are
samples I mean yeah trying is very very
generous I try these oh I must be the
chosen one
fifty five six in my country sticks are
free ah did blushers wait why are the
four of them one for each of my teeth no
come on you Lise have eight teeth you
are right I get to pakka
to pie wait you don't Tupac Bupa yes
finger yeah
yes he is hiding in my village alga come
on
Oh God huh
Oh
where do you want to go I don't know
there are so many things to bully in Big
C at the end
let me see you look at yours these bird
watching let's hooter we have crocodile
Rafi ah look donkey that's a horse
what you call me Horace yes we'll do
that yes ok this is a little different
than I expected I look that is the time
in my country huh ah cool which one I
don't know you keep these it's a nice
big it's a fountain in there oh oh it's
a drinking well for the girl no no just
a fan
Helga oh you know glue your cos are so
nice and friendly hello she is ugly
David look look well well yeah well saga
I have been dehydrated I get water from
where that's at
yeah how do you call taxis is y'all taxi
oh that is nonsense I call taxi same way
I call good
there are a lot of signs here yes I'm
square a lot of signs I should go home
it was good trip good vibes America
America bald eagle fries on my waked
yeah okay I do optional so that is all I
have for you guys today thank you so
much for watching and I hope you enjoy I
know you enjoyed this video and since
you did please make sure to give big
finger up because if you don't you're
racist because I am full hello and I'll
see you some other Wednesday with yoga
little alaikum oh who is that okay wait
now my next favorite are divers they're
flexible they're absorbent no one knows
you're wearing one you don't even notice
them at all hello is anybody even
wondering what happened to me you can't
just leave me here to die thank you
