yeah hey guys what up it's a girl Liza
coming down bloopers that's right today
I have a black purse and blue purse and
blue chair for you but I have failed and
I have messed up and I have had many
many accidents but today I want to show
you that I accidentally forgot to make a
fresh video here yeah Oh discussing this
this is free lotion on the seat cool
seems the one need to think everything
legs means fun fact I do carry around
extra tampons looking for one or
friendship but I actually did going to a
party once and I was asked which is
typically a question they only ask guys
trying to get it but then my girlfriend
said oh he's with us and I got right in
good you don't we know I know everybody
look yeah Sigma boobs
yeah I'm not single of single boobs now
I'm not single Sigma boobs not I'm not
single yeah so is she single boobs
a rooftop party call roofie party okay
so I'm gonna be cooking so let's
something which is why I feel hella
attractive now today I have a super
excited personality
drinking cow milk you straight you stole
milk from a baby that's not even our own
species all right next topic is Bert
Trump have no problem with your toast
I'm not racist like white buns I got a
little tan kind of like my booty all
right Bert it's still edible it's toasty
and it's flat so I have anxiety I also
have hairy legs and a beedi you thought
that breast milk wasn't be good
apparently it is because you're getting
the consent of the game does want me to
sell my breast milk and make great awful
videos yes there is your pleasure yes a
weird hat that doesn't have a name but
kind of looks like bitch you're the one
white girl that's super diverse dance
move run Caucasian cuz I have a ballet
background but throughout the movie I'm
gonna learn how to hit my final
performance will be a combination of
both hip hop and ballet I may be white
but I'm gonna throw my butt in a circle
at the end of the movie and everyone's
gonna cheer you you're a dude
that's all right
I'm looking for human contact have you
seen her anywhere somebody touch you I
saw down the Labrador Retriever clothes
both your eyes soft them sensitive a
loyal fan but he wants us to take me
home and give it a Scooby Snack I'm down
lady want to drop me take me home raised
me as their own and I'll die in 15 years
and burn me in the backyard I'm down so
that is all I have for you guys this
year they're new resolutions he'll never
keep it's not gonna make a revolution to
go on a diet I'm gonna convince my
friends to get off of there just gonna
start going to the gym
grunts the stock there's anyways I hope
you guys have a happy new year and thank
you guys for watching this year I'll see
you guys next year the brown girl is by
2017 explained my bills we like
