to be a youtuber all you have to do is
have a lot of pillows like this many so
fluffy just kidding like this many yeah
oh I don't really ratchet intro you made
on iMovie yeah hey guys what up is your
girl ass oh come on and show them back
to my youtube channel today i'm talking
about favorites now not the kind of
mother pics among her children not
saying i'm a favorite or anything huh
yeah
today i'm talking about all of my
favorite stuff that no brand is paying
me to promote i love my phone
anyways let's jump right in shall we
which yet
now my first favorite is this waterproof
eyebrow gel want to want proof girl now
this stuff is heavenly I'm pretty sure
Jesus made it I'm pretty sure he uses it
now this clear gel legit waterproofs
your Crayola eyebrows to your face when
it rains when I sweat when I swim I used
to have to protect my eyebrows like this
but not anymore ah the game has changed
people will think these are real given
to you by hallelujah baby Jesus now my
next favorite are dryer sheets hmm he
smells so freaking good here's a life
hack they're really strong smelling and
safe on clothing so keep a couple in
your purse you can rub them on you
whenever you start smelling a little
nasty also if you just had a burrito and
you're feeling gassy you can shove one
of these bad boys down your pants
whenever you got gas it'll and it'll
smell like daisies Oh life hacks now my
next favorite is baby food it's freaking
delicious man it's low-calorie this tell
the rabbit only is 80 calories it has no
preservatives no additives no bad stuff
because it's for babies ain't nobody
trying to kill a baby
it has fine a great packaging which
makes me exciting and it has a bunch of
nutrients and vitamins for babies to
grow so of anything I'm gonna grow a
couple inches taller maybe grow a new
set of teeth and some hair maybe a new
pair of eyebrows but I'm really hoping I
grow a little round baby blood but no
wonder babies stay so small and in such
good shape they're eating all this
perfect food you know what I'm not a
baby food day I'm on the baby guy I'm
believing sighs I'm a little bit
negative that's already happy but
seriously these are really good I put a
little beyond say hot sauce on a little
salt pepper bang chef boy our baby now
my next favorite is called soap has
anybody tried this instead of bathing
yourself and just water in the shower
try adding a little bit of this and
you'll smell really good it's life
changing
so my next favorite is this you're a
face wash fella need to say like that
because it has an accent on the now I
just started using this beauty and it's
pretty magical basically a powder that
you mix with water and it turns into a
face book for here check it out so it's
basically like baking soda and other
illegal looking substances don't do
drugs now my next favorite are these
yoghurt melts yes they're for babies
they're low-calorie freakin delicious I
like to eat them like this
when did I put this blanket on now my
next favorite is this place because it
gives me oxygen come here man
they're awesome what let me go friendly
now my next favorite are diverse
they're flexible they're absorbent no
one knows you're wearing one you don't
even notice them at all my next favorite
is coconut oil and it's from India one
day but India had to have it one time
for my brothers and sisters you know
damn thing oh it's for teeth whitening
you can use it as a conditioning hair
treatment you can use it for cooking
coating and you can use it as a
moisturizer on your lips - do you want
to kiss me awkward animation this makes
it more awkward yeah hey so the Sun went
down during my video because I'm good at
YouTube I know what a plan will I'm not
stressed out who's that
so I'm gonna take a hot second to fix
the lighting and I'll be right back
typical youtuber transition right now
all you see is black ain't nothing wrong
with that don't be racist this is our
transition song and we're back no we're
not didn't fix it
mm-hmm now we're actually back okay now
my next favorite is hot sauce now this
needs no explanation except for one
thing I got hot sauce in my bag swag
another favorite of mine are booty
whoops bro there is such a difference
between wiping with a dry piece of
toilet paper versus a cleansing gel whoa
let me put it this way toilet paper
moist towelette
and my final favorite is an outfit that
I got recently that says mom's favorite
love you mom I can't wait to wear it
it's great material it's a hundred
percent cotton okay so it's a little
small but I'm gonna fit into it as long
as I keep up with my baby diet full
circle and real quick here are some
other favorite things of mine
food clothes cosmic family spoon friends
orcs supporters sporks water or fire air
everything changed
wait what so that is all I have for you
guys today thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed this video
and if you did please make sure to give
it a big thumbs up because even if
you're not your mom's favorite you're
still big pops after you guys make
Wednesday with that LeBron burr that ye
hey girl yoga what I need you guys like
that last channel good stuff the bad
blooper today I'm talking about all my
stuff what huh what stuff you're nasty
you're porn on the internet Oh
