1 million nine hundred ninety nine
thousand nine hundred and ninety nine
and two million I just want to thank all
of you guys so much for letting me hit 2
million subscribers what oh wait a
second I think I see another one now
yeah hi guys it's your girl Lisa Lila
Lilly Lilly Singh superwoman dang I
always get them confused when it's a
girl Liza coming at you with a sexy
voice how you don't and welcome back to
my youtube channel so as you can see the
title of this video is loosing it that
way
aka bloopers put that clickbait though
anyways so to celebrate me hitting 2
million followers I thought I would show
you guys some clips of me screwing up ok
but here are some clips of some things
not going ok so here are some clips that
didn't make it into with the video um
who do you know here I know Matt uh okay
here are some bloopers what up guys it's
a girl buys it and I'm coming at it when
you make boobers for your next blooper
video hi guys I feel like I should have
a blooper or something I just don't know
what to do does that work how oh that
was painful that shoot yeah hey we're
doing random front line is this the
beginning of your bloopers to video why
are you staring at yourself where else
would I be staring me look at this
so video oh baby yeah hi hey how you
doin stop wait where you going don't
click on another video on the side it
looks more interesting than this one
take your yoga what I need you guys like
that last channel
good stuff
when you bring your six-year-old
shopping yeah I knew you would be here
and how much is it and how much is it a
Jawa good you know a Dawa oh this lady
has to leave
she's the leaf so I can be obnoxious in
public for so long she seriously how
they bought that before
No stop setting things on fire spit
everywhere but put the fire out with my
spit you light something on fire why are
my eyes closed I don't know
don't smoke in your car oh you know what
I think I'm gonna try to cereal just for
kicks I'm buying it don't worry
well what I need a girlfriend oh my bad
that's what I do I love you no mom that
was a little cheesy man does anyone ever
try to rub off your eyebrows yeah people
used to try to rub off my Crayola all
the time in school but guess what we
were in school so guess what we had
Google's bath I would take a pan and I
put them back on and sometimes the pen
was blue
so it was all ahead and did it start
meeting you so I had a blue eyebrow man
I guess my pun get you are a loud Giles
but there's one of you in every freakin
store gah
I'm gonna go to Walmart today okay hey
I'm gonna be a target
oh no she's touched you okay good yo I'm
here YouTube you okay whoa that hurts so
good
I got - you got it you the girls like
that video right on the car yeah it's me
honey
oh thank you yeah I'm doing other weird
stuff boyfriend train zombie no no don't
come up with the third one for emphasis
oh you're gonna do a third one how do it
now and this is boy unnecessary you
don't have a dot yeah it sounds like
well you know what I've been meeting
about some dog food you have a dog now I
know this is a really good bit so that
is all I have for you guys today thank
you so much for watching me screw up I
hope you enjoyed this video if you did
please make sure to give it a big screw
up dang it
I mean thumbs up no not a brown girl oh
boy when you sneeze wait a sec Oh Oh
what what the how was it even possible
hi I'm just your local neighborhood
crazy
