hello everyone and welcome today I'm
going to be showing you how to achieve
this light greasy hot potato look
sponsored by butter yeah go it up guys
it's a girl laughs coming at you and
welcome back to my youtube channel
makeup jokes I made a makeup joke now
this makeup tutorial video has been
highly requested a can you make a makeup
tutorial highly but ya can't so today
I'm doing a makeup tutorial step one Dan
dot now the beauty gurus and the booty
gurus of YouTube show you how to put
your makeup on but what they don't show
you is how it comes off now this is
where makeup goes do okay now ladies
yeah we all know how hard it can be to
keep our makeup on no matter how hard we
try by the end of the day we're gonna
look a little crusty yeah
that was a little cheesy and as girls we
know to protect our face throughout our
day because you never know what might
eat you oh ah man oh not again never
know what's gonna hit you dang it let me
put on my Crayola real quick much better
anyways when it comes to makeup I am an
artist in my face is a masterpiece and
there are many ways they can come off
ladies can I get an amen amen hallelujah
now you may know how to put your makeup
on but in today's makeup tutorial I'm
going to warn you as to when it can come
off when you're on the phone doesn't
well it was pretty average to hear from
you alright talk to you probably never
but good but oh man dang it when you
wear a white shirt
you know what my plain white tea today
and there yeah oh man I got makeup all
over my shirt
hey when that happens yeah what when you
sneeze huh oh wait a second oh oh what
what the how was this even possible when
you fall on the ground
ah when you fall asleep on your nice
white aesthetically pleasing bit when
you lay down carefully on your nice
white aesthetically pleasing thin okay
caution we have a fresh layer of paint
I'm not gonna get it on the sheets I'm
just gonna lay on my back okay yeah no
this is not comfortable wait what how
does this even happen and why does she
have ham when you look at something too
fast why is that yeah what's up oh man
not again when you cry my eyebrows look
so good
oh come on when you take a shower
oh come on when you wash your face
oh come on when you use a makeup way oh
man when you go swimming
you
oh come on
so that is all I have for you guys today
thank you so much for watching me take
my eyebrows off and look like a
light-skinned Whoopi Goldberg
she had no eyebrows man I hope you
enjoyed this video and if you did please
make sure to give it a big thumbs up
because even if you don't have two
eyebrows like me at least you have two
thumbs and I'll be Goo guys next
Wednesday the last little brown makeup
is that by oh man I got it on there too
awkward 104 - awkward dirtiest awkward
tree yeah just let it out it's coming up
whether you like it or not you did you
tell me flap
