hello and welcome to the most mysterious
intro you've ever seen in your life if
you wish to see my face please continue
watching the video the mystery yeah yo
what's up guys it's yoga Liza's coming
at you and welcome back to my youtube
channel now I tried to put up my hair
like a hipster yoga teacher for this
video but I kind of just look like a dog
we're like a female Russian wrestler in
the Olympics my name is Helga
but anyways welcome to yoga with Liza
yogurt with Liza y'all girl with eyes yo
girl with Liza
y'all play would last yo play with Liza
but I legit hate when YouTube videos
just stop and have to look
what what is it anyways welcome to yoga
with Liza here's some stuff in slow
motion
wow this is really calm and artsy nice
so today we're doing yo girl
I mean yoga now let's roll out our mat
okay wrong mat okay how about this one
did it wrong mat ah here we are
no now yoga is an exercise that is very
calming it's very relaxing for the body
and it's also found to be very stress
relieving ah
and it also originated in Indian oh one
point foot India now I've been to a yoga
class before and I was a natural and I
don't want to brag but I was really good
honestly I could probably teach a class
seriously yoga really is pretty relaxing
and it makes you so much more aware of
yourself and your body
woah now in a yoga class the teacher
will speak to you in a very calm and
soothing voice like pen
and we are yoga guru today I will be
very hard to hear and my hot breath
sounds like it needs a mint or something
they also use a lot of interesting
foreign vocabulary which as a beginner
you may be confused today we will be
aligning our chakra reaching nirvana
practicing our savasana aligning bananas
Sanada Montana now when someone's
whispering these words you don't
understand and you have to do them
things can get a little bit difficult so
everyone find yourself in your savasana
using your Nevada
Wow now a lot of people think yo girl is
easy
um I mean yoga they think Yoga is easy
but try adding a bean burrito and then
putting your leg behind your head try
eating a cheese taco and bending over
with your leg in the air that wasn't me
that was my chakra try eating a hot
enchilada and balancing with your legs
busted wide open
stay inside my body oh mama mama stay
away no Becca nama saya okay so maybe
eating Mexican food before yoga class
isn't the most Blom idea that joke was a
bit of a stretch hmm I pulled it out of
nowhere
oh but let's do some actual poses shall
we let's hop right into it tree rabbit
pen stand since asana triangle
Illuminati confirmed eagle I have to pee
I'm pee downward dog upward dog dog
awkward one awkward two awkward xxx
awkward treat burrito a burrito gassy
from burrito just let it out it's coming
out whether you like it or not you did
you killed your class so that is all I
have for you guys today thank you so
much for nama staying here and watching
yeah yeah also as a quick disclaimer
this video was not meant to be offensive
in any way shape or form I do love yoga
I think it's beautiful practice miss was
all for fun and I hope you enjoyed this
video and if you did please make sure to
give it a big thumbs up because now you
know tacos and chakras don't mix I got
that wrong but it did so now you know
that too I learned something new
everything and I'll see you guys next
Wednesday with less little brown girl is
el and nama stick but you gotta go bye
when you're sitting down with your legs
crossed you may sit like that because
you don't have a weenie and it's
comfortable for you to sit like that ah
no way
I can do this what is this good good
welcome to the end of my video
