whoa hey you just got here but it's like
were you were you just trying to leave
look I'm just about to play this little
intro thing and then the video will
start okay but don't worry I'll be here
I'll be waiting hey I'm still here
always yeah hi guys what up mister girl
Liza coming at you and welcome back to
my youtube channel
hey are you sitting down watching this
video cuz today we're talking about how
we sit that was a nice transition into
the video Joe why thank you we're about
to get off-topic now huh
yup potatoes tilapia cucumbers are just
giant pickles but today we are talking
about how we sit and what it means to be
seated in each position when you're
sitting down with your legs crossed you
may sit like that because you don't have
a weenie and it's comfortable for you to
sit like that
oh no weenie I can do this
what is this good Janet or because you
have to pee I have to go peepee or maybe
you already peed I'm a Pippi or maybe
you're meeting your boyfriend's parents
and you're trying to look elegant yes
ma'am I love your son and his moon whoa
who's that when you sit with your ankles
crossed maybe you're sitting like this
because you have cankles and you're
self-conscious of them what you
shouldn't be girl because you beautiful
would show thick ankles or maybe you're
sitting like this because you are a
princess of Genovia when you're sitting
down with your legs wide open maybe
sitting like this because you just
showered and you're very confident of
your washing abilities yo I smell like
daisies or you're a dude and apparently
society says it's okay for you to sit
like this but it's really not attractive
hey I'm the creepy guy at parties who
only stares and never blinks that was
the third time this year or maybe you're
a girl and you're sitting like that
is you're a feminist and you're trying
to prove a point and it's okay for girls
to sit like that so women everywhere but
then you realize the creepy dude at the
party looks at you and thinks you're
soul mates so you close them up real
fast four five six seven a night then
when you're sitting down with your legs
together good posture and facing
straight forward you're extremely
constipated and doing an awful job at
hiding it I haven't pooped in three days
did I say that out loud you have a dirty
secret and you're doing an awful job at
hiding it I haven't washed my underwear
in four months did I say that although
you killed someone and you're doing an
awful job at hiding it I killed someone
did I say that out loud
I should really hide it when you're
sitting with both of your knees up to
your chest you might be sitting like
this because you missed your mommy
my mommy is or you're naked
wait whoa whoa whoa or you're trying to
judge a work of art hmm very interesting
when you're sitting indian-style you're
actually Indian I'm Indian you're not at
the end and sitting like this makes you
racist I'm racist you're Native American
and you're mad that it's called Indian
style I'm Native American and I'm mad
that this is called Indian style you're
Indian as in from India and you're just
confused but when you sit with both of
your legs up and open so what the heck
is wrong with you and why do I smell
tuna anyways you're sitting like this
because you're home alone and you're
binge watching Netflix I've been here
for three days or you're playing with
the small puppy that's in your lap Oh
what getting a puppy wasn't in the
budget for this video dad you're about
to give birth ha ha bout to give birth
but not yet you're giving birth ah it's
beautiful so that is all I have for you
guys today
I hope you enjoyed this video and if you
did please make sure to give it a big
thumbs up because if my toes can do it
you could do it too and I'll see you
guys next Wednesday we'll add little
brown bro he's out early baby and I
should have made a lot more puns in the
store I think my pun game is going down
I mean I guess it was because I was all
tied up talking about how crazy target
is man I guess my pun game is kind of
off wait a second it didn't dawn on me
how many puns I still have some people
call me unstoppable
Oh when you know I like to snuggle okay
that one was random I need to finish
