hi my name is Liza koshi I'm 20 years
old with no kids and I'm I'm addicted to
target target montage with dramatic
music
hey guys what up is your girl Liza
coming at you and welcome to my youtube
channel now that whole segment just
looked like I was that target already
but I haven't left yet so hold your
horses oh wow that was worth it ooh but
just be patient with me kids we'll head
out to target in just a second okay
what's wrong oh my god we'll wait a
second we're here
hey she literally meant a second wait
why is she talking in third person I
don't know
she's so confusing dude I'm literally
standing right here Oh awkward she's so
cute on on thank you hey wait she's
talking to me um no she's talking to me
no to me fight me yeah okay come yet
anyways welcome to Target with Melissa
dang there's already been two montages
in this video I feel like the third one
is coming soon my sanity please stop Oh
anyways welcome to target aka my
addiction let's make this relatable pull
out your grocery list and take a look
what's on it nothing you ran out of ink
you came to the store to buy pens so you
have one thing to buy right let's make a
quick trip to target right I'm just
gonna buy pens so I could write right
that's wrong incorrect if you think
you're only gonna buy one thing here
then you are mistaken or mister taken if
you're a man oh oh bad joke dad joke let
me tell you something come over here
okay your best all right one quick five
minutes rip can turn into a two hour
vacation here you can be here for so
long you may walk in during the daylight
but by the time you're done shopping
it's not nice
what year is it oh and target knows how
target works allow me to break it down
for you sorry I was holding that in for
a while okay but allow me to fill you in
goodness gracious what's this not
bothering anybody else phew
okay that was empty for a while allow me
to enlighten you ah now I can explain so
targets symbol it's like a target right
like a dartboard now you have these
darts to hit this Center target which is
the one thing you want just one only no
one solamente one but when you throw
that dart it goes somewhere else huh
like your darts are flying everywhere
you're going everywhere else throughout
the store even if you came for one thing
and you're using up all your dirt and
your darts represents you spending money
oh and they knew this would happen
because hitting the center target is so
hard to do without hitting other areas
of the dartboard aka the store a ka
target but hey I'm not complaining
because honestly shopping here really
hits the spot I swear this isn't a promo
man I should have made a lot more puns
in the store I think my pun game is
going down I mean I guess it was because
I was all tied up talking about how
crazy target is man I guess my pun game
is kind of off wait a second it didn't
dawn on me how many puns I still have
some people call me unstoppable oh and
you know I like to snuggle okay that one
was random I need to finish there is so
much freaking soap in my cart and I'm
going to buy all of it that was pretty
good I deserve a cheer hahaha this stop
thank you
hey sir please don't shout okay I need
to go oh yeah I definitely broke that I
got a bounce this has not been an
advertisement for soap but thank you for
washing up oh wow I've been looking for
these these are so cool wait should I
get max cold or the ice block the ice
pot I love you guys bye
what David you've been here this whole
time yeah I've been recording you oh
thank you for doing that
yeah no problem wait if I'm here and
you're there then who's recording this
hey so I took a lot of editing didn't it
yeah yeah oh you know what I've been
meaning to buy some dog food you don't
have a dog though I know gluten-free
okay so in my last target with Liza I
said I shopped in the men's section
because I don't have a boyfriend to see
a large clothes from and now I have a
boyfriend but I still have to shop in
the men's section because he likes to
shop in the women's section but oh how
cute this is you think it's matches yeah
yeah this this isn't even part of the
plan this is not a joke anymore this
part just isn't even funny it's sad look
at my freaking receipt it's so long I
can use it as a scarf yeah that's right
one trip because two trips this was a
good idea children yeah I made it
oh how Tori with lines a baby so that is
all I have for you guys today because
that was all I had in my wallet I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and if you
did please make sure to give it a big
thumbs up because I'm broke now and I'll
see you guys next Wednesday with less
little brown girl is out money hey you
have two cups of flour check we got 1
cup of butter check
we got 3/4 cup of drugs sugar don't do
drugs
check now I couldn't think of other
checks so check out our other
ingredients over here Vienna drinks my
name is David hey guys this is say your
name say Ashley hey hey David and it
caught us at Target being a little
stupid right yeah mostly him though
right yep mostly him
