yeah I'm doing a video in my bathroom
and hopefully you think this video is
the shit fuck you mushroom yeah what's
up you little stinkers it's a girl Liza
coming at poo and welcome back to my
youtube channel also welcome to my
bathroom with Liza with Liza
so welcome to the bathroom with Liza
someone's running out of YouTube ideas
what's next living room with Liza sir
TV room with Liza yo bedroom with Liza
featuring David Ober wait what who said
it huh what just kidding just Liza
Hey yeah maybe a little two other rooms
with Liza you know what if YouTube goes
down I'm gonna go into real estate Oh
trust me you're going to love this place
if you follow me down on here we have
our bathroom
Oh big room over here what can I say I'm
number one in the business oh wait no no
please don't go
you're in a great home don't always be
so the bathroom we all use it relatable
no matter who you think you are you poop
and you pee like everybody else and yes
even Beyonce does too and too much
lemonade uh-huh call me Beyonce you
statistics are you but now you may not
call it the bathroom maybe you call it
the restroom which I don't understand I
do not rest in here if anything this is
a stressful place especially if it's not
your restroom when you use the restroom
at somebody else's place and they have
no spray or aerosol to cover up a
nuclear bomb you just hatched I'm
talking burritos
at that point what do you do let your
friends smell the 295 you pay for
guacamole that you can't digest oh heck
to the no that's when you enter survival
mode remember you have no spray and it's
not like a Gerber baby exploded so what
do you do that's when you resort to the
next smelly thing so you cover your hand
so you rub them together and slap them
around like a tiny spastic baby good so
this is your only hope but there are
other methods to prevent you and goo
from losing your friends if you're using
the restroom at a friend's place and you
got to do the duty to do there are ways
to cover it up you can call you can
sneeze ah-choo you can play music thank
you thank you I got bronze in the London
yeah you can make music I'm not taking
I would tell you something I don't know
I wouldn't lie to you now we all have
our different preferences when we use
the bathroom some of us with a good
heart and soul like our toilet paper
roll with the sheet facing upwards
I love volunteering while others prefer
the sheet facing downward and they
happen to be the spawn of Satan
I love sneezing on babies doesn't make
any sense to me
do what you want though I'm not bad
anyways but when you're at the restrooms
no matter who you may pee or what you
may foo
always and I mean always wash your hands
and hey boys I'm talking to you I don't
care if it's a little whipping whiz
don't push me what do bpn so that's all
I got for you guys today less poop puns
and you thought would be in this video
right I'm sorry guys I couldn't make any
feeling really pooped but thank you guys
so much for washing your hands and your
little finish I hope you enjoyed this
video if you did please make sure to
give it a big thumbs up because
throughout this whole video I didn't
show my little brown buns and please
make sure to go check out my other
social medias in the description below
thanks you're the shit pakhi mushrooms
and I'll see you guys next when things
Matz's the little brown girl needs you
to get out because she needs to use the
restroom
come on over here here I'm quitting
right outside okay buddy
oh oh I forgot I put that there hey
anyways here are your cues in my ace hey
hi first question make a pun about
mirrors I would make a pun about mirrors
but I'm not sure if it would be a good
reflection of my pun abilities gosh I
guess Liza will you ever come to Africa
please
'yes i freakin want to hey okay coming
up I don't why cause today No
