yeah what else gasps cap I just want to
take a second to acknowledge my sweater
I think it's so cute because it has
sushi all over it but honestly I don't
really like sushi but I can roll with it
mmm look at her she's literally rolling
yeah I think I actually tweeted this one
oh yeah I did follow me on Twitter but
first play my intro yeah hi hey - hey
guys thumbs up into girl Liza coming at
you and welcome back to my youtube
channel so today Q&A and I told you guys
to go tweet me and here right and cuz
it's Wednesday with Liza anyway so I
know some people hate q and A's and you
can go suck on the rest of the outfit
but I can't why people hate Q&A s
because either they're boring or some
people answer the questions with a pun
am I gonna do that
would I do that to you whoa
why are we here for so long I got
answered the question where's the joke
cut sorry I'm here oh yeah yeah oh you
bitch up anyways here are your Q's and
my ace okay first question
make a pun about mirrors I would make a
pun about mirrors but I'm not sure if it
would be a good reflection of my pun
abilities Pasha I guess Liza will you
ever come to Africa please I freaking
want to can you make a video without
saying a pun I don't think I can
could have been corny ur predictable
hashtag ask lines of what color are your
socks right now Brown was the person who
invented the express lane properly
thanked you know what I'm not sure if we
expressed it at all
when you were little what did you want
to be when you grew up I'm still waiting
to grow up I'm still little waiting for
puberty
do you know how to read hmm okay someone
needs to know how to speak English if
you could lie anywhere where would you
lie
Chipotle does not give me gas I'm only
gonna
watch one more episode my eyebrows are
real hashtag ass Liza well somebody's a
little obnoxious who do you look up to
everyone I'm 5 feet tall I'm free hola
me llamo fetus I dare you to balance a
cup on your butt man I was haven't been
able to find my cup anywhere I don't
know why I left it last I always see
your snaps below me on snapchat yeah and
you're always on set can you tell us
what you are doing or what you are
filming so if you follow me on snapchat
follow me on snapchat you may have seen
me posting snaps and me being on set and
just to fill you guys in
I am currently acting in a Hulu series
called freakish and it's been pretty
freaking cool anyways can follow the
adventures of a little brown girl on set
by following me on snapchat snapchat do
you even lift bro
oh I lift bruh
hi guys Liza kiss David on camera
Christina
David yeah hey they want to sit kiss on
camera oh look look at them okay oh yeah
kiss David on camera alright well put
the Kim I think that was on camera what
is your favorite thing about meeting
your fans how cool they are you're
pretty cool we should show some shine
ashtag ask Liza thoughts on lips um why
am I on this lamp I could break it wait
I have an idea I'll kick off this lamp
because I'm not that light oh look I
heard you and Beyonce grew up in the
same town is that true is true Beyonce
now both born and raised in Houston
Texas baby alright fine
detective upon lightning-round go okay
so I think you want puns about lightning
and I wasn't sure if I had any but then
it struck me
yeah I got the power Oh
act so shot Oh was that thunder make up
a pun about the first thing above you
guys I do more than just make up puns
there's a freaking ceiling above me what
do you want to say about that you know
what I'm done I'm through I'm not making
any more puns I'm sealing my lips see
I'm a freakin genius so that's all I
have for you guys today thank you guys
so much for watching I hope you enjoyed
this video if you did please make sure
to give it a big thumbs up because you
never have to wash a washing machine and
see you guys next Wednesday with that
his little brown girl out yes ye and you
completely destroy your hotel room
I dare you to call Gabby or David and
say sorry I can't talk right now
hey sorry I can't talk right now I know
I think I'm going to use this okay
oh hi to get in the bloopers
