sorry I was trying to clean up for the
video you're welcome bumper yeah yeah
hey guys what up is your girl ass coming
at you and welcome back to my youtube
channel so guess who's back hot I'm back
but guess who's back at the not the or
the that's right I'm at the hotel just
the hotel cuz I can't be in two places
that was true but once again I'm back in
a bed that's not mine
wait hold on good welcome to hotels with
Liza part 2
so welcome to your hometown walk on into
a clean nice and organized hotel room
and you're like this is such a nice
clean place I'm gonna keep it all
organized throughout my trip here uh-huh
huh so you put your bags in the corner
and you put your toothbrush by the sink
or you rub your paw on all the chairs in
the room I don't know whatever makes you
feel at home
but then one day you can't find
something to wear or you just revert
back to your disgusting ways and you
completely destroy your hotel room
anyway even though your place may be a
mess when they come and knock on your
door and say that was good timing a lot
of people or maybe just me respond and
say no thank you
or come back later please or I'm in
denial that I'm disgusting because you
don't want them to see your mess and
judge you for being a little nasty now
let's talk about room service
it's freaking expensive this is a joke
that's not funny it legit doesn't make
sense
cuz it's too many dollars and you're
charged for so much you're charged for
delivery and your tip and your high
price and for digesting and taking the
dump later so I am not about to pay all
that do I look like london tipton no and
I'm never gonna pay that much or my name
is it esteban who you're Ricardo Montoya
dela Rosa Ramirez the third so you don't
order room service
but guess what you do have a minibar now
it may look like a dollar section but is
it Adama Adama Adama ha ha ha no try $12
for a package of peanuts
but wait there's more for just one easy
payment of $15 you can get your very own
water bottle what huh oh I'm sorry I
don't think so I don't care if I'm
dehydrated and dying or I got strep
throat or for some reason I ate a bucket
of sand I am not drinking that one
that's expensive s filet mignon Oh baby
child who died I was gonna curse nah man
I don't do that
act now I didn't cuss play that again
without the sensor nah man I don't do
that cheese see ha ha you thought yeah
man I'm sorry that was cheesy ish so
when I used to travel for hotels with my
family I used to jump on the bed and my
mom would say oh you better stop jumping
on the bed you're gonna break a leg
apparently my mom's Canadian but guess
what mama ank you buddy
see I'm okay mom I'm perfectly fine ah
bad you thought that was real oh man was
that pine did you just say bed yeah
ibid guys so I've been staring at this
piece of art behind me just trying to
come up with a joke about it or
something but I just can't picture it
honestly I just don't know how to frame
it let's go on into the bathroom huh
come on hey wait a second why aren't you
following me on Twitter whoa what a
strange time for self-promotion okay
so now we're in the bathroom so as we
all know hotels give tiny bottles of
shampoo and conditioner that aren't even
enough to wash my armpit hair properly
relatable for knowing this I called room
service and asked for this and now I'm
gonna go sell these tiny balls of
shampoo and conditioner to everybody
that lives at this hotel hopefully I get
a poo ton of money
oh man my puns today are all stretches
oh I'm sorry guys I'm all washed up whoa
so that's all I have for you guys today
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and if
you did please make sure to give it a
big thumbs up because your refrigerator
keeps running even if you walk to it you
lazy piece of and I'll see you guys
next Wednesday lots of little brown girl
is out oh yeah a little too far out am i
huh hey no no there is no way I can go
out looking like this
hey sir calm down look I look like a
two-two
hey could you close your mouth really so
you're doing or you Boop you don't know
how to speak English so you stop making
YouTube videos and then you have a
blooper
