yeah hey guys what up
it's your girl Liza coming at you
welcome back to my music channel guys I
have a foreign parent which means I know
how to budget my money I like to find
ways to save money which is why I found
a boyfriend bull look today I'm taking
you to shop what what what I said thrift
shop 15 is like sexy crush you know I
mean you wanna do it all time so but
anyways today I'm gonna show you how to
look expensive without expenses the
let's go to the theft stuff here comes a
song that is predictable
well great we'll bill is freakin awesome
like a hundred people having a garage
sale the 50 makes so much sense as
somebody else pay full retail price and
then you buy it much cheaper after they
rub their crotch all over in my tea or
am I so bougie that I have other people
break-in my clothes for me blowing my
mind that kids are growing up now and
not knowing what a DVD is know what this
is what is this record for ants like
kids only care about their iPhones now
like nobody cares about books anymore
who is this fellow I just found this
brand new Nike sweater and guess how
much it is only just $12.99 it's a good
story for $12.99 how much would it be
online I'm sorry we're back oh my god I
just don't we just put that back we're
gonna Google how much this Nike hoodie
would be this looks like it's sponsored
but I'm just volunteering distribute
back which is like the exact same hoodie
yeah just you were just sake it's
getting creepy I'm gonna just do it I'm
gonna do it but less oh okay I just
found the most amazing Christmas sweater
this is that's good pretty I don't know
I need his validation from other people
this video a thumbs up pretty good price
per clock look I don't want to be humble
or anything but I just found some steam
out of shoes but $12.99 to be honest
these don't even fit me but I'm a biome
goal as their chief and so much
oh shoot us throw these two okay we
found a similar scheme and it's Martha
Tom huh what's going on I'm gonna throw
some instead suck on that Stephen this
transition takes a lot of freaking
effort
yo Steve mad fish stores are kind of
like Target you walk in looking for
maybe one thing and then you walk out
with 35 things 15 Pinterest projects and
a blog okay I just
calvin klein for like six I mean I
already know I'm about to look this well
would you look at this Calvin Klein
ready first dollar Calvin Klein goblin
declines Calvin bye-bye Calvin mind for
Less baby thank you I work oh my god but
now I gotta go cuz I have no
self-control so let's go home and I will
show what I bought from the drifts go
I'm a rapper
alright so I'm gonna do a little oh yeah
I got this Mackie unlike me it's in
great condition I got this suit jacket
for jet I think it suits him I got this
awesome jean jacket white stuff all over
then again most stuff that you buy from
that there store does I have a college
sweatshirt I did not earn or deserve to
have about it so it looks like I did
well in a city to get this sweater you
paid for housing tuition textbooks
I paid well then who's the stupid what
are you it was kidding you guys please
stay in school so I can have your
clothes I feel like I'm making my
parents proud right now yeah dude I went
to that let's go to library I have this
Mook shirt from Gilmore girl if you
don't know what Gilmore Girls as well
you're probably not white unfortunately
has a little bit of a coffee stand which
is ironic there's also a white dripping
seed there which is super great so I'm
gonna get real creative here and grab it
okay well this turned into pornography
real bit I like that thought of stars
all over here we have a leotard which
has lost someone's bunghole before by
the way I do not recommend you buying
leotard or especially swimsuits from the
thirst for honey you will get crabs
before you get to the beach okay so I'm
gonna cut this and turn it into a cross
tube and see now I have a pair of large
bag and I got a slinky crop top or skirt
a few days that's at least babies classy
woman's job that we're gonna take the
class out and bow this video has been
Dimas up in this
make clothes that you can't ever wear
around your parents says that is all I
have for you guys today
now I know I seemed really high and high
during this event here we all have our
highs and our lows and I want to thank
you guys for letting me share my highs
with you guys this year this is my last
video of the year at this corny so yes
but I hope you guys enjoyed this video
if you did please make sure to give it a
big thumbs up because all the money I
saved in the city I spent in retail
stores she said I'll see you guys next
time I upload there's no need to go like
retail shopping right yeah there's no
choice like it's recycling I'm an
environmentalist I'm eco-friendly right
yes and just friendly in general yes
pretty much everything I wear is from a
thirst or like even this after this for
my advice coach
