you just kissed your own hand
yeah because yours are disgusting yeah
that I was holding it yeah hey give that
gum that I gave you yeah good can you
chew it
what I just don't understand how someone
can be like that
what do you mean you know something like
what have you noticed that literally
everyone in California is gorgeous look
yeah actually they have perfect bodies
perfect hair that's why I know you
belong here because who else would break
that stereotype what Liza oh I knew you
laid my leftovers Liza what what's
what's that all about we do this all the
time why don't we do anything fun
anymore
you want to do something fun yeah
something fun huh yeah yeah oh here we
go get your boat lay out watchable I
don't want to get your public
did you get it without me fart no no you
fired it
no I didn't if I was smart about wiser
you tore don't worry why did I be
laughing you fertilizer no no there is
no way I can go out looking like this
hey sir calm down look I look like a - -
yeah yeah he watches my YouTube's wow
that dress owner is so pretty
it's a pretty dress yeah did you say
she's pretty nice are you calling her
pretty seriously hey um excuse me he has
a girlfriend no I don't I do I have a
girlfriend
hey could you close your mouth really
wisely you know you're mad me up what
like a cute little puppy Oh what their
first are so fun to play with but then
you're disgusting you're smelly you
start chewing on the furniture it's just
because I pooped in the living room you
poop you live it up yeah I thought you
slid in it yeah but I thought I was a
dog
I don't know
Wow why people can't make a beat out of
anything
what do you mean white people can make a
beat out of anything and that's what I
knew that it was time to be a white
person who can make a beat out of
anything
finished perfect you did make a beat out
of anything wonder if we have any
bloopers let's find out
suck a cheetah's on duty to this
relationship
Jenny no this is a bad time why don't we
do anything fine honey
that's Larry I want a girlfriend like
that like that tree
I can't believe you
why's your honestly the worst driver
I've ever driven with I'm literally at a
stoplight we're not even mine oh it's
been great
okay well you see this is that part of
the video napkin where does a punch I
was like that should punch come in
there at least you started wearing
deodorant I've always wanted you
ordering Jesus is there something you
want to tell me yeah I have you guys
know we already did that go that's going
out for you guys today thank you guys so
much for watching I hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did please
give it a big thumbs up because I
changed my outfit a lot for this video
make sure to go comment your favorite
relationship whether it's with your pet
or your mom
I'll let make cheetah ha ha I'm so sorry
also make sure to go check out my vlog
channel in the description below it's
actually David's blog so he's just
trying to make a joke I'm sorry I know
he's really sick vlogs guys at you oh
say at the same time thank you so much
for watching
ahh little brown girl out oh oh sure she
doesn't leave and I'm still in the frame
ding it good play ok so let's get back
to this walk shall we
seriously can you stop being the dog oh
you Anna
ah thanks for watching
