please visit artsy intro
yeah girl as Lula coming at you I don't
know what that was I won't go back to my
youtube channel today I want to take you
guys today I want to take you today oh
shut up I'm so sorry guys that was
pretty rough but my dog keeps freaking
barking wait what you don't have a dog
wait then you don't have a dog either
then what the heck is that what dude
that is you that's weird even for
YouTube that's you wait what is it doing
nothing but am you you need to be potty
trained more more more MORE yes okay
come on let's go for a walk with Liza
with lies
yeah so I'm not gonna walk myself at the
dog for this video cuz that would just
be weird good welcome kids we're just
gonna have a little walk and talk today
yes I am on the street in public talking
to my camera on a stick
alone and now I don't look crazy so
walking this is a relatable topic gee
everybody does it unless you can't walk
in my bag or you're a pirate with a peg
leg yeah screw you look but walking we
don't remember learning it to do it we
don't have to think about it and when we
have to pee we look real stupid doing it
you have to be you right now
well no I Pete earlier on the phone uh I
mean yeah little bit gotta go we gotta
go look at go on now I gotta go I gotta
go I gotta go
that may or may not have looked like a
tiny dinosaur but you get the point
what walking says so much about you
there are people that walk on their toes
oh he only talked there are people that
walk on their heels oh I hear ya what
are clothes
there are people that walk with their
toes facing outward this is a hundred
percent me so I can make fun of it I
walk like a platypus and I'm proud my
feet tell you I'm gonna have a baby like
right now
I'm done and there are people that walk
with their toes in work oh hi there
based on the way I walk I seem really
really shy little do you know I'm really
aggressive in sometimes it looks like
I'm about to step on my there are people
that walk with shorter steps I have to
go somewhere and I'm never gonna get
there because I have tiny sausage legs
and I look like a pissed-off ant and
there are people who walk with longer
steps and have a wide stride I'm a
giraffe and I piss off people who have
short stack cuz they have to run to keep
up with me oh dang it
get back over here and show off okay
so let's get back to this walk shall we
but seriously can you stop being the dog
oh you animal just stop dude and what
the heck is that supposed to be
wait is that a DJ squirrel oh god she's
nuts
anyways sometimes we all go on walks
around the neighborhood and you see
other people taking walks so you give
them the friendly neighbors smile and
wave like so and while you're smiling
and waving you're thinking oh hello
there yeah I casually exercise to new
deal look at my boots then somebody you
know is out for a walk and you see them
and maybe you're not so interested in
saying hey so you think oh crap does
that Chad oh my god that's chai
I'm not wearing deodorant I don't even
shower or spray my body with Febreze
last night don't judge me I can't do
this okay I'll just walk away yeah good
idea
walking away with Liza walking away with
Liza and then you see someone walking
their dog and you give them a friendlier
smile because they're taking care of an
animal that poops on the sidewalk and
they're forced to pick it up so respect
so you look at them and you think oh my
dog is so cute but if it loops in my
lawn I'm gonna kill you cuz that's what
I what
that's all I have for you guys today I
hope you enjoyed this video if you did
please make sure to give it a big thumbs
up because wok rule and dogs drew okay
yep this just got weirder but I'll see
you guys mix when they will add the
little brown girl is walking out
hey I'm not right which means I can do
this what and this and this and this and
get a good tip and this but this is just
weird
so you're really good at walking thank
you you know what my favorite part is
what bloopers the way you can click here
too oh is this a new per welcome
