wait a second I am so confused this is
not driving with Liza how did you come
up with this genius oh well I I don't
have gas uh never doubt yourself kids
please don't exit this video yeah yo
what's up guys this is a girl phasma ow
that hurt come in action and welcome
back to my youtube channel guess what
I'm doing what I'm not right which means
I can do this what and this and this and
this and this and this and this and this
but this is just weird
so on every single one of my driving
with Liza videos every single one you
you've made like two people are always
commenting stuff like that's not safe be
careful I got a dime well guess who's
alive and breathing me I appreciate the
concern but don't worry guys I'm being
safe and protected see I'm fine two
people watching me outside my car right
now I probably look legit crazy
wait what is that my camera how did
Mickey ever get all the way over here
that's just weird come back in here oh
it is hot need to turn the car on Lego
baby ha you thought it was gonna be in
the backseat oh oh
peanut butter jelly sandwiches did I say
peanut butter and jelly sandwiches dang
that sounds good now I'm hungry
lucky for me I have a lot of snacks in
my car let's see what we got here huh
I'm about to die
look at this now I know what you're
thinking Liza you're a filthy animal you
might think I'm dirty but I know with
all this crap lying around I'm gonna
survive if I ever die in my car wait I'm
gonna survive if I ever get trapped in
my car lookee here we have a sleeping
bag in case I have a run out of gas and
I'm forced to live the rest of my life
in my car I also have a personal
collection of half drinking water
bottles in here actually now that I
think about this this is pretty wasteful
I should really just give this water to
plants or something hold on there you go
guys you're welcome mother nature
sometimes I'm in a rush in the morning
so I eat breakfast in the car and then I
leave it in here and I'm end up making
my own homemade potpourri which keeps my
car smelling fresh and here you thought
I was dirty I also have spare clothes a
pillow duct tape just in case and I got
candles
okay now this has just gotten weird oh
my gosh look what we have here I got
these chicken wings last week I thought
they were gone
thought they frickin flew away I wonder
if they're still good hey I'll just wing
it
wait a second one why do I have a lon no
man I don't even know
oh boy that sure was a stretch but it
worked out didn't it
oh my gosh I'm positive I look insane to
the people walking around me right now
what the heck yeah does my camera keep
coming over here good get back in the
car my car has been running for so long
that it's probably in such great shape
I'm running hahaha I get it ha ha ha ha
actually if I'm being honest as much as
I love Eve on the Volkswagen she is not
in the greatest shape I have a lot of
random scratches on my car I don't know
why I'm such a safe driver hey let me
show you what I mean I'm pretty sure a
squirrel did this which is nuts I think
I was actually parked when I hit this I
wasn't even in motion right here I think
my car actually had an itch and I had to
scratch it oh and this dent right here
is from when I ran over an old lady or a
tree a tree branch or something 70
points I mean what a weird tree branch
and anywho why don't we head back inside
the car ah seriously there's a lot of
people running and jogging and walking
their dogs and their babies people are
walking their babies yes and they can
all see me being a maniac in the car
what the heck how does this keep
happening where the heck is this even
going is this going on like YouTube
actually yeah oh whoa
inception make sure to LIKE and
subscribe and comment okay freakin
youtubers so that is only hard for you
guys today
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you enjoyed this video and if you
did please give it a big thumbs up for
not driving using gas causing global
warming and killing polar bears man I'm
gonna feel bad for driving later and
I'll see you guys next Wednesday with
Len little brown girl he's bad son oh
yeah wait a second why am i wearing a
different outfit whoa I I don't know
weird anyways I got a public service
announcement bless you thank you so I
just wanted to tell you guys that I'm
going to be attending the MTV Movie
Awards thanks to these sweet gangs
that's right
Eminem's is taking this little sweet
piece of chocolate to the award show
airing Sunday April 10th at 8:00 7:00
central
- sound like a commercial whoops oh and
make sure to check out all my Hollywood
adventures with M&Ms by checking out the
link down below
okay now this little sweet brown
chocolate girl is Oh
you gotta have some serious balls to be
a grown woman playing on a playground by
yourself um okay I'm gonna go now ha
that is that is all my stuff
swishing around my car that is
disgusting this lady just looked at me
like I was gonna kill almost it mm-hmm
my bagger
