Henner hey guys what up it's a girl what
was that what's up it's a girl Liza
coming at you and welcome back to my
youtube channel this video is sponsored
by AT&T all thoughts views and opinions
are my own because I'm in Japan a little
girl who don't need no friends but all I
do need is a phone and playing the role
of my phone in today's video is the
samsung galaxy s7 so thanks Daisy tea
today I will be showing you guys my
beautiful loving somewhat obsessive
relationship with my phone so here is
our love story my home home phone but
first play my intro yeah I mean our love
is really hard to describe but here we
go
I mean yeah it's a phone but I can call
it any time and it'll be there for me
hey phone I love being alone with my
phone our one-on-one time is just so
magical I hate when people interrupt our
time together
hey lies how your honor out of the park
David can't you see I'm on the phone and
when I can't find my phone I lose my
mind and my phone oh my gosh where is my
phone where is my fault
we're like leaving I always lose it oh
wait did I leave it at my friend's place
oh god I always do that hey did I leave
my phone at your place in times of need
I know I can always count on my phone
okay so we have one two two dates are
there I'm so stressed out we I just I'll
just use my phone we have one plus
another one plus another one which would
be free and you it seems I can always
count on
that was absolutely nuts date I love
playing with my phone we just have so
much fun together guess who's coming
guess who's coming
good tickle monster Oh God oh I can't do
it okay thank you wait a second what's
this with the AT&T Samsung Galaxy s7 you
can watch lots of your favorite live TV
shows and movies using the DirecTV app
Wow learn something new about you every
day joke hmm what are we watching here
March Madness I love soccer oh and after
a perfect night of being together I love
waking up next to my phone it always
knows how to wake me up what I mean we
always have a connection the way it
responds to my touch I always lose track
of time when I'm on my phone I mean time
flies when you're having fun right I
mean fun right and I never know what to
expect next from my phone it just knows
how to keep things exciting well what
was it
whoo
oh I mean we literally do everything
together we eat together well what did
you want some I'm sorry we go yeah oh we
got a little something right there I got
it we sleep together
honestly we're just meant to be together
where it's separable
oh but I mean that a relationship has
its ups and downs I know how to push a
button but at the end of the day my
phone is the light of my life
I can't see a bag oh wait where's my
ball ha ha
let there be light am i right Oh what
can I say we're love yeah oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah this is
weird so that's all I have for you guys
today I hope you guys enjoyed this video
if you did please make sure to thank the
peeps at AT&T we're hooking me up with a
Samsung Galaxy s7 to get weird win for
the video now if you're jealous of my
relationship with this bad boy I totally
get if you are yeah but you could be in
love too how about yeah enter for a
chance to win your own Samsung Galaxy s7
by clicking the link in the description
below so what do you doin answer today
and start following you whoa
so thank you guys so much for watching
thumbs up for Trueba remember I'll see
you guys when they would love way out
Hey then there's person 3 where can i
buy one
