where is my camera oh I got a drink what
little fella what are you doing in here
well isn't this just a cool intro yeah
hey what Oh is your girl Lazar coming at
cha hua Zhu thank you no problem
ah well welcome back to my youtube
channel today we are talking about
reactions wait like chemical reactions
no we're stop setting things on fire man
happy was set anything on fire day rude
anyway today I am reacting to different
situations as different people at
different people yeah and how are you
gonna do that really well yeah oh yeah
you get it now haha so what's good sir
when you meet someone who has an accent
person what oh yeah damn person why what
okay person one hello how are you oh my
god what say something else
whoa wait let me try am i doing it right
hello what solves all I practically
sisters person too
hey I owe you man person 3 hello love oh
wow
oh how did my pants come off when you
sneeze and no one says bless you person
1 thank you what bliss P person to back
what scuse me ain't nobody gonna bless
me ain't nobody gonna bless me huh you
bless me bless you thank you person 3
back
when you see a cute baby other guys
person why you are so QR locust a tiny
little one okay person one oh my god
who's a baby your baby who loves beans
and a babies who eats babies hi big
person - wait who's the mom that came
out you oh my god you're inhaling then
there's person three where can i buy one
when you poop / start / pass gas /
puffed off / booty sneeze / don't give
this video a thumbs down / because you
know your booty sing - person 104 that's
disgusting man wasn't you pay your tacos
for life
smells Mexican smells gross dude no
wasn't me would do that disgusting no
person - yo and I smell healthy and
person 3 wave would what wave would know
you didn't when you see someone cute you
relay person 1 hi Oh fun yeah
person - what are you doing are you
talking - what Oh or person 3
after drinking coffee person one offer
get ready for the day yeah what person -
nice and person through I don't feel
anything
a few moments later after eating a lot
of food my life person one ginger mmm
yes thank you as delicious and fun oh
god I shouldn't wait flat BAM
Oh moving these huh person - oh my god
I'm so full of dirt can anything
Austrian honey dessert dessert and
person three I'm gonna have a food baby
I got anything else for you any dessert
dessert so that's all I have for you
guys today thank you so much for
watching what person are you in these
situations Quan all at two or three
comment below and make some friends
oh yeah and I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did please make sure to
give it a big thumbs up because giving
it a pinky up isn't an option and I'll
see you guys next one
day with light little brown cup is about
little brown girl t babe let myself coop
I ain't comin buh buh you hit it ah ha
ha get the sex whatever instrument that
is I don't know it sounds good though oh
my god I'm so holy words huge dick wait
are you for musically yeah hi I'm David
big fan nice to meet you you're gonna
listen
