my bad guys for the obnoxious intro I'm
just so excited I hit 1 million
subscribers where you have 1 million
subscribers are you know subscribe yeah
999,999 left to go yeah yo what's up
guys it's your girl Liza coming at you i
legit have no idea how i was able to
reach how i was able to reach a million
subscribers but I hit it and honestly it
caught me so off guard oh but I wanted
to thank you and your thumbs or your
index fingers or whatever you use you
click on my little brown face and click
on that little red subscribe button so
in honor of hitting a million
subscribers I'm gonna take you guys
everywhere we've been with each other
we got fixated at kids so we're gonna
need some energy so welcome to cooking
with Liza today we're making coffee um
that's not cooking I'm sorry excuse me
oh come on it's still not cooking at
least try to spice it up okay now that
was predictable but it's still not
cooking huh omelette I get it
but I thought you said omelette no I'm
lit not omelette oh this coffee sucks
tastes like eggs I think I'm just gonna
go out and buy some Oh too tired to
drive right now I need to wake up drink
some of this go get some coffee
but first Oh welcome to driving with
Liza oh baby you should go and love
yourself cuz I'm gonna love you no no
don't don't need you with that
let myself cuz I ain't gonna do it fo
you hit it ha ha get the sex whatever
instrument that is I don't know it
sounds good though
so welcome guys to driving with Liza
pard
two and a half let's get oh good god
dancing in a car wears me out oh we're
here welcome to coffee with Musa I'm so
tired
hey can I get it
oh this kicked in thanks ok yeah that
was that it it but I added it it fast
yeah ah but you know what would go great
with this coffee cream and sugar
ha ha ha ha ha no some cookies actually
not too far from here as a target with
Liza with Liza yeah this song is
annoying yes oh yeah yes yeah uh yeah oh
yeah yeah yeah ok I'm done oh wait whoo
now that I bought everything I don't
need from Target what's next huh oh this
coffee would go so well with some
cookies
ah are you kidding me that went all the
way to target to go get myself some
cookies and what did I do
I bought outfits for my baby that
doesn't exist oh let me go get some
inside this grocery store with Liza yeah
they get that by now I hate the song
it's time for produce puns
what do you call a sad Barry
a blueberry what do you call a sick
berry a rasp berry what kind of very
suck
straw berries which berries can I not
make a joke about because it might be
racist
I'm not even gonna say it oh my god let
me find the cookies that I came in here
for otherwise I'm gonna go bananas or
just don't know where than you're okay
here we are
cook eggs could be cookies cookies Oh
cookies
here we are cookies wait a second these
are 349 349 349 I know I could buy these
for way cheaper somewhere else I wonder
how much they would be at the dollar
store okay up here a bit dang guys with
all this running around at different
places I'm running low on gas
never mind kids don't ever doubt
yourself and here we are at the dollar
store with love with life yes let's go
uh-huh yeah see I knew would be here and
how much is it a dolla dolla awesome
oh let's see what else I got lot their
toys your - and how much is this a dolla
dolla - 29 no dull let's go I want to
take this somewhere I can I know a
special place we can go where everybody
is my size and I can be one with my
people
welcome to recess with Liza
you gotta have some serious balls to be
a grown woman playing on a playground by
herself
um okay I'm gonna go now well that was
fun I had a ball
oh look over there at the hotel there
the hotel over there I did and now how
to put hotels with Liza into my video
sorry M okay let's go so that's all I
have for you guys today thank you guys
so much for watching and thank you so so
much for subscribing and watching and
liking all my videos this one too I hope
you guys enjoyed this video and if you
did please give it a big thumbs up
because gas is expensive and I was
driving with Liza a lot and I'll see you
guys next Wednesday with Len little
brown girl is oh I'm going to prepare
fy'y not look shake bring pot we don't
take this outside let's do this right my
milkshake brings all the boys to the
yard and they're like it's better than
yours
oh my god dangit that was such good
timing come here real quick I'm actually
recording right now
I don't mind you don't want to be in the
mat worried but I love you oh my oh come
on oh yeah nice to meet you with your
name Paula huh she caught me being
awkward those girls said they were being
good time you guys get at me
