yo what's up suckers today I feel like
dramatically turning corners because you
never know what's around the corner I
know it's so mysterious and honestly
behind every corner you never really
know what might hit you yeah hey guys
what up it's your girl Isaac
coming at you and welcome back to my
youtube channel and welcome front & side
and others up and down and up right fly
finger toe ear
hi mouth where am I going with this I
don't even knows well before we start
when I asked you guys you guys are like
my overalls huh I actually got them I
got them up I actually was trying to say
that I got them on so anyways welcome to
rapper and singer impressions part two
now I love you guys we're actually
requesting a part two which is crazy
because I'm not a singer or rapper but
whatever you guys want you get I just
want to make you happy so get ready for
some singing kids just let me warm up
first I'll be right back I am I'm all
warmed up wait where are my eyebrows I
wonder Neath your what - let's start
with our first impression which is Queen
oh god I just want to do good
impressions I can't sing I can't rap oh
man I feel so
under pressure bargain Bergen delicious
check it out if you really want me I'm
gonna get it a tasting tasting
I mean less lazy it's not any pain you
know make your country today thirsty you
walk oh you taste it - to the act to the
FCE Walker ecstasy did I eat garbage
tested you city tip to the 14 all the
time I turn around boy got around I was
looking at me up and down looking mm-hmm
Drake Jumpman Jumpman Joe man that boys
up to science mmm I think I need some
robitussin seriously cuz I'm sick if I
think I saw in anything like Drake my
look shake spring pause we don't take
this outside
let's do this right not look shake
brings all the boys to the yard and
they're like it's better than your oh
man they're not coming and I'm lactose
intolerant
oh they're definitely not coming now
be a man
from the Milan soundtrack what up Disney
let's down to business
beat the puns wait did you say defeat
the puns yeah of course she would
how would you defeat the puns and
Punishment you got a friend in me from
Toy Story
I'm Disney yeah you've got a friend in
me
hey yo andis coming I swear if your
mother look at my apartment complex must
hate me because I know I'm being
obnoxiously loud while making this video
but who cares cuz we will be Salton
neighbors Shh with this direction shut
up girls sleep won't you come over here
and talk to me huh oh my front door I
don't know but hey if you've got girl
problems up a bath you son I got 99
problems but a egg once you hit me Oh Oh
God what I didn't know I could bleed
from a face slap like that welcome to
overdramatic YouTube suckle day who
really is bleeding a lot go you watch me
bleed until I can't breathe
wait this is a weird reaction welcome to
overdramatic YouTube chuckle I am legit
bleeding though that's blood oh and it
tastes bad and now we got bad blood
okay okay overdramatic YouTube is done
I'm gonna go wash this off now Oh what
watch me watch me watch me watch me
watch me oh hey hey where you going are
you trying to exit my video I mean what
did I do
I just I want it I just don't know what
to say baby please don't
oh no but seriously I have more average
impressions for you guys so stay here
don't go over there stay here oh yeah oh
okay
so just don't just don't believe
ah I'm good look let us break it down
for you guys do you want to know how we
lip-sync /li oh I know can you show me
dude you're supposed to help me show
them stop stop with the song references
sure it's too late bye okay we're gonna
show you now yeah okay so basically this
is how this is this is how we do so that
is all I have for you guys today I hope
you guys enjoyed this video please let
me finding exhibit after you go Baker's
head back please teach me English and
also please make sure to give this video
a thumbs up and comment below what other
impressions I should do or if I should
stop doing them what why is this popping
up anyways I'll see you guys next
Wednesday with Liza so oh okay I get it
now
little brown girls oh hey OH
snip we're good boy Liza that was the
bravest thing anyone has ever done
you're backed up oh my god
is jumping on liza-lu this yeah without
bit love in my bed look at you guys
Sabourin Hannah Wow they caught me with
my milkshakes and the boys of the yard
come here boys in the yard I'm over here
boys the yards over there but yeah they
call me being stupid in some overall
today good job guys
