hey guy I'm gonna have to be straight up
with you I don't have an intro to grasp
your attention today so I'm just gonna
ask Liza editing this to go ahead and
play my theme music you're honest and I
respect it oh what's going on we're just
experiencing some technical difficulties
wait you doesn't want to play no but I'm
working on it
what this is awkward ah okay so uh hey
guys what's up it's a girl Liza comin at
you and welcome back to my youtube check
yeah nice
she got ya Edie ha yeah so welcome to my
youtube channel guys so for this week's
video I decided to mix it up but there's
nothing in here but basically I wanted
to put up something a little different
Oh put up something a little I got it
okay that was a bit of a stretch I'm
sorry I'll stop so some of you guys in
my comments have been requesting to see
some behind the scenes slash bloopers
slash I screwed up while recording and I
saved it clips from my youtube videos so
I put them all together one YouTube
video so you can see how stupid I am
back to back to back to back to back and
trust me I have plenty to show because I
mess up a very a much a mojo a lot so
here we go enjoy hey guys what's up yo
man yo mama yo mama yo what up guys
super Laza coming at you I'm sorry
sometimes my clients don't even make
sense
four dollars okay I'm sorry I'm gonna
start now what's up guys hey guy walking
I'm currently drinking a double-shot
espresso I should brush out espresso
makes me feel crazy hopefully it doesn't
impair my driving Wow
don't drink and drive kids whoo I'm
behind a Popo right now we don't live
what the oh sorry
David do you think I'm a bad driver yeah
I think you're a bad driver well I'm not
that's weird because you're driving
passenger I'm not driving passenger I'm
sitting passenger if I was driving
passenger then we wouldn't have so many
problems
must be a knife yeah okay yeah I got it
it's hard to pretend like I don't like
you
oh dude this kite is like straight up
yeah I was made in SHINee and what time
Kinkos
oh sorry was that recent but the fact
that I can buy anything for a dollar is
a cheap little Indians dream walk hello
I couldn't say that because I'm in there
what happens in your wildest dreams
don't say oh like that yeah wait a
second
Chipotle yeah Jake yes brown rice guac
or no black is the next raw yeah
these are clean what your life that's
right baby you all mind and I'm gonna
turn you on oh I just ate a crumb off of
my table that I think is been sitting
here for about four to five weeks and it
was pretty good so terrified to do this
this is some used peepee tissues it's
flammable and from charcoal liquid
lighter I'm kidding
not pee on here poo poo is livable
hold on I thought I was gonna see Jesus
today oh my God look at that legit looks
like my toilet after I eat Chipotle is
it good for vicars is extremely per you
got here you scratching your butt while
you're talking about putting this in
Bupers hot cooking get out of my kitchen
kitchen kitchen kitchen with me get out
 it
it's called
the brassiere it's called admah okay
sorry if I'm amongst family
I'm family means no one gets left to her
I'm not so watch them too small
why don't I just yes you wave to me
could be my new girlfriend huh whysa
stop it was a joke Liza Liza Liza that
was the bravest thing anyone has ever
done
oh my car is jumping I'm hazel ooh this
oh my god can I say a little brown girl
with big teeth
no you're painting with big dreams hey
that's it Ben go go where it's a bad
whites on your shirt what just came a
home out oh my shoes my poor shoes get
it for you tell my dad I'm sorry stupid
shoes of course there's an ambulance
rail while I'm recording excuse me can
you die another time I'm making a
youtube video here feel free to spawn
I'm gonna feel free to come back intact
what so thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed this video
if you do please make sure to give it a
big thumbs up because English is tough
and clearly from this video you can tell
it doesn't speak it goodly also let me
know if you guys want to see other
bloopers and what continued to support
me struggle with booth and I'll see you
guys next Wednesday will last little
brown girl is in blooper little brown
girl is oh babe
it's just kind of being a blooper one
day probably don't judge me
