hey what's up whoa where'd you go oh hey
wait a second
hi wait so do I have several cameras or
do I just have one that I keep moving
around I just have one that I'm moving
around play my intro yeah hey guys
what's up its your girl i ah coming at
you welcome back to my youtube channel
now I may have seen very awake and
energetic in my intro but that was after
I had a cup of coffee as I'm right now I
haven't had a single drop a single drop
of coffee which means I'm dead inside
so yeah I pretty much just woken up yeah
I wake up with eyebrows on this is
YouTube as far as you know I was born
with these anyways I haven't had my
coffee yet so I barely know how to
function oh I read it to the door dang
it ah anyways I need my daily dose of
coffee so right now I'm about to head
out to stardollars stardollars well
Starbucks oh wow will coffee fix your
bad jokes Oh Frappuccino huh okay
my shirt says caffeine got him adorable
Oh what how'd you get here oh because I
set you up here in pressed record makes
sense okay we are on our way and I am
espresso tired Oh God okay alright go
ahead buddy cut me off normally I would
just brush something like this off but
seeing us I haven't had my coffee today
you're gonna have to die Oh
finally we're here hey guys
totally forgot to say welcome to coffee
with Liza it's because I hadn't had my
coffee yet
Oh welcome to coffee with Liza
my hand sanitizer can I order a white
chocolate mocha macchiato cappuccino
espresso fettuccine alfredo hold the
whipped cream don't actually hold it
that's unsanitary and with soy milk
please because if you give me all mouth
I'm lactose intolerant and I will so
like thank you
know what I haven't had my coffee yet
and that musics freaking annoying yeah
so now we're gonna go home and drink
this bad boy because I have a latte to
say I drink half the coffee in the car
ah yo I'm gone I'm gone that was legit
trying to wait to drink my coffee so
that you can see how caffeine affects me
well consider me affected I actually
don't know what's in this I think it's
drugs don't do drugs okay look there's a
part of me that's exaggerating because
this is the big wide world of YouTube
and everybody on here is naturally on
crack don't do drugs
but honestly I get legit crazy on coffee
coffee I'm already a very naturally kind
of like spastic person but then you give
me a cup of liquid cocaine do drugs what
don't do drugs
I don't know what's going on I actually
feel insane right now like I actually
feel bananas I'm a honestly be going
nuts right now I don't know why it's ex
me like this I don't know if it's
because we have like a little brown
connection going on because I'm
literally the same color as a
Frappuccino feel free to order me at
your local Starbucks can I get a piping
hot Liza please
sighs tall just kidding that doesn't
exist because I'm a sizeable fetus whoa
Wow coffee is a stimulant so it wakes
you up and starts pumpin adrenaline
speaking of stimulant not only does it
stimulate your mind but also stimulates
the downstairs by downstairs I mean back
porch little brown girl drinks a little
brown drink and ask to take a little
brown yeah now as fun as coffee may be
there are some side effects which I did
look up and these side effects include
headache dizziness glowing nausea
indigestion fatigue hallucinations
weight gain death parents disappointment
a YouTube video thumbs up on a YouTube
video our failure stroke arthritis
strange facial expressions what also do
not just if you are nursing pregnant or
may become pregnant nursing pregnant
wait so nurses can't have coffee that's
weird
but copy gives
capitis it feels like I can conquer the
world the world yeah then the only
downsides of coffee is once you're done
with the high you crash oh and then you
feel like you've felt right before you
even started hey guys what up its your
girl life ha oh wait a second you just
watched a super rewind of the video and
now you're back here huh well what's up
welcome back I feel like death again
isn't that ironic oh dang it
not again so that's all I have for you
guys today
no seriously I'm allowed I hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did please
make sure to give it a big thumbs up
because a middle finger up would be
offensive and inappropriate for children
thank you guys so much for watching and
also please make sure to check out my
other social medias in the description
below follow young cop me on those bad
boys
oh wow that sounds like that could be my
stripper name and I'll see you guys next
Wednesday wood laughs this little coffee
colored brown girl is out o ye valley
girl
pan there I named from the valley and ma
yard
Rebecca Becca Becky back but I haven't
seen ya like steel on granny let's do
yeah she's totally bad leave em go
getting of statics or something ha ha oh
god the coffee's kicking in it's too
late we're supposed to go home and drink
it but it's already kick dead if I kick
ten I mean that was anticlimactic
