ah yeah before every YouTube video I put
on perfume and I don't know if you
realize this but you can't even smell it
oh but I bet you wish you could it's
pretty high-end stuff I'm sure you've
seen a commercial for it and it's called
the brassiere here feel free to try it
oh my god I literally just ruined my
camera that's dedication
now you have to watch this video yeah hi
guys - girl Nyjah coming at you and
welcome back to my youtube channel so I
didn't access an impressions video and
apparently you guys thought it was spicy
because you asked me to do another one
and what you want you get money or
Barbie baby girl baby boy
okay just click that to go watch or
going good you can stay here with me I
mean you're already here you might as
well watch it hey do go boy okay yeah we
can play these games this one stopped
anyways today we're doing more accents
and impressions now I'm about to say my
quick disclaimer where I explained that
I'm not racist
no offense should be taken to this video
and I'm just having some fun with
accents oh wait I said it anyways so
here are some accents Jamaica air boy I
jumped up would you like the bumbles and
that booty of yours
Jamaica me crazy Mon Chicago accent I am
from Chicago and I like Chicago style
hot dogs I would do more but I have to
Chicago look at Chicago and British
accent now I've done this before
in my last video however I'm going to do
it again simply because I sound so sexy
when I do it now if you feel a need to
feed me grapes while I sit in a hammock
I understand oh thank you stitch from
Lilo & Stitch Oh har mumbles family and
family loves no longer falafel I'm a sir
why don't you smallest like them what
you travel
- so that wasn't an option pull up your
pants
mom I'm gonna pump enough that dude from
Family Guy that says hey Peter I think
his name is Joe Swanson swenson swanson
swenson swanson now pretty much every
guy can do this impression and I have no
idea what I can do it I think I think
I'm a little boy but your ghost
hey Peter I know I'd be an awesome dude
with Canton accent I'm from Wisconsin
and I made this cheese mmm
what dear I forgot I'm lactose
intolerant Japanese domo arigato mr.
Roboto ah Tamagotchi hum a 2004 Honda
Civic I may not sound Japanese but can I
see Japanese German accent yeah Germany
so I am happy nice have white chocolate
and that hat is actually German funny I
said chocolate because German chocolate
is delicious but yeah I'm German I'm
going to steal German Oh natural
Australian accent good eye my mo mo mo
mo I'm Australian good boy I have a
stutter
Mini's your accent Oh hiya I'm from
Henan shorter we don't have many shorter
it's just regular-sized it's pretty
disappointing I know I'm sorry
so yeah mini soda Swedish accent hi
there and from Sweden and this candy
chicken sleeve valley girl hand there a
name from the valley and ma yah Rebecca
Becca Becky back but I haven't seen you
like Ceylon girl you like stay again we
should totally Valley you
I'm feeling a steric or something huh
I'm jazz how it's kidding that was way
too cheesy
there's a people animation oh yeah
pinger texted me Oh brutal so that's all
I have for you guys today I hope you
guys enjoyed this video and now it's
need to be in for spectrum not racist
she's doing these accents for fun and no
offense should be taken to this video
way so ever oh you know what I'll just
use this and if you enjoyed this video
please make sure to give it a big horn
thumbs up and if it's not for Rin than
do it for me and I'll see you Mike next
Wednesday with boys little brown girl
he's oh boy do not say if you can't
handle the fire then get out of the
kitchen
good god I hope I don't set anything on
fire today ah oh God
I can imagine myself running around and
screaming oh my god
