good evening fancy babies
I am currently sitting on my bed in LA I
just want to show you the fun little
addition to it it's a wall crown from
pbteen and I put a little lottery bag
there and some shoes on my trunks and
yeah we already established that's my
suitcase but yeah I think it looks super
pretty and shabby chic and I think it
goes was like my room pretty well yeah
so at midnight its Colin's 21st birthday
and I'm super excited but the birthday
boy isn't so excited because he doesn't
like alcohol which I love about him he's
more of like a year kind of guy if
anything so I've been really struggling
trying to plan what I'm gonna do for his
birthday so I did find out from him that
he does like Irish pubs so I think I
have the perfect idea for what kind of
pub I want to take him to at midnight
tonight I'm also about to meet up with
Gabby you know the gabbie show to go
shopping I think we're going to the
Beverly Center and I've only been there
once so she's gonna lead the way and
show me what stores to go into and
whatnot Colin is really hard to shop for
he's I mean he's easy but so easy that
it's hard if that makes sense like Nikki
told me that she's pretty sure that he
wants a pastrami tomorrow because he was
drooling over hers the other day and
then he saw the price on post Nathan
said it was too expensive for a sandwich
and stuff like that so I think tomorrow
morning I'm gonna wake him up with
goodies and some of the goodies being
what I'm gonna buy at the Beverly Center
with Gabby today so I think I was
thinking about getting him an H&M gift
card because he is obsessed with H&M
my mom got him a $75 gift card on
Christmas - hmm and he was so happy the
first night we were here in LA we went
to H&M and he bought like seven shirts
six shirts I don't know a lot of shirts
for that much so I was thinking about
like really spoiling him and giving him
like a 200 dollar gift card I'm talking
really quiet because I don't want him to
hear he's playing video games out there
he also told me he wants an iPhone
charger so I'm gonna get him one him and
I have been sharing an iPhone charger
for quite some time I don't know why I
haven't thought to buy him one sooner I
feel really bad and I think he mentioned
he wants to swap pants too so he's just
very chill and I love that about him and
I'm just super excited and I'm gonna
make sure he has a really good birthday
this is the outfit and before I leave
with my uber just got here sorry about
the dirty towel I'm just going to spray
myself with some new light you guys know
I'm a huge fan of re fragrances Gabi I'm
gonna make you buy something mad
expensive in front of me can I break
your designer virginity yeah maybe I
feel like you're a Fendi bitch I don't
know I feel like they're either Fendi
Gucci or Liza I feel like those are YSL
oh whoa I'm like afraid of walking don't
be intimidated they should be
intimidated by you
true so I'm currently going to town
buying cons and stuff and I'm gonna get
him his gift card that I talked about
earlier you didn't tell them I chickened
out about the bag oh yeah you need it
here while I'm paying talked to the
camera about your back girl Emma okay so
um I don't wear a designer anything and
I definitely don't give a fuck about
bags at all as you know I'm literally
not even carrying one I have my credit
cards in my pocket like a man and I
would've true to size I've been telling
myself I'm gonna go get a designer bag
just because I see this one I seen about
LA I feel like when I'm in LA I feel
like I have to a little bit which is not
true at all and I've never cared but
then I hung out with Gabby and Gabby's
like a designer more and then I got real
excited and I'm one of the stars like
this is kind of cute but like I did
actually love any of it I think that's
the problem I'm having right now is I
didn't actually love it I was just
desperate to get a bag that I had any
money that's not good I don't like that
so I didn't get it but now I feel stupid
I don't like that experience I didn't
like it because it's like such a
personal
close quarters experience with like the
salesperson and they're like watching
your every move
and I think judging you don't buy
anything and you feel like really
embarrassed for asking to see things if
you don't find something or going in
there and then they like it's really
silly I also just realize I'm walking
around Gabbin camera and now I'm
embarrassed anyway so we're in there for
how long were we in there like eight
hours or like forty-five god that's
awful
we were never so long and then I just
like left because I was like looking at
two different bags was like I don't know
and like there's a lot of money to spend
if you're not like what was it like 22
or no one was 25 and one was which one
the red one near the coal said well my
thought was 25 anyway it's too much
money - okay the wallet I was excited
about I was very excited about the card
holder only 280 see that's that's Gaby's
problem if she says shit like a card
holder that's 280 bucks anyway that's
Gaby's mentality and I just can't I
can't get behind it you know you people
like people wearing like Gucci sneakers
at the airport I want to wear my hugs
you know what I mean you know what I
realized kid to let you grew up kind of
pour you one of two things either they
have a spending problem or they're super
thrilled and you ought trust me I didn't
like me
like even though I was a youtuber like
to 13:23 cooking like I broke I liked
stolen shit like it was great you better
put that in the wall obviously I know I
brought it up to my loss support where
do you feel did you ever eat so designer
no no just like Sakura that's my girl
there she goes well we're happy we're
not doing that anymore you guys really
don't like you'll get caught and get
arrested I actually know a lot of people
who are into college we're shoplifting
and they all got college I was like so
gap and I walked by Louie and we saw
this bag on the wall and this bitch just
got done saying how she doesn't need a
bag and she's like wait I actually kind
of liked it so I went to go look at it
but this is why we're friends
this is exactly why we're friends we're
bettering each other and at the same
time oh my god it's calling my name is
so adorable I want to buy shoes guys
because I keep wearing my dirty ads
everywhere guys I'm gonna get these
because I don't have any casual shoes
other than like eggs
so yeah I'm still not getting anything
okay but we still have to stop in Maya
selling Gucci and Apple Store we have to
hurry
follow your heart don't feel pressured I
feel like
oh yeah online shopping is better
gabs bought the shoes and she wore them
out of the store cuz she was kind of hot
or this comfortable they're so
comfortable they don't look comfortable
they like they're falling off their feet
they don't like slip around on you know
I'm about anything but however I want to
update them so we went into Fendi and I
found so many things I liked so much
better than why is that I'm shopping no
fresh air I love anything then if you
remember this fancy babies but I feel
them got the card will depend we were
also the cutest yeah like the ones with
the eyes it's like the basic Kylie
Jenner
eyes they probably would have
discontinued that style if it wasn't for
Kylie wearing it all the time okay guys
so Colin and I well I just got home and
we're about to go see the Peter Rabbit
movie at the Grove and I am strutting
from Victoria Secret sweatpants and my
new movie the TOMS shoes they look so
funny I want to see my life so just
moving before I turn 21 is my last shot
we were talking about we were going to
go to Irish pub
so hopefully they're open afterwards so
I'm talking really clean because he's
still sleeping but I have all this set
up so I'll start over here because this
is gonna need them most explaining so
this is the Reuben sandwich that he
wanted that I told you guys in the
beginning of the video that's his
birthday cake
I had to light those before he wakes up
because they're really short to the
sandwich so they come out down pretty
fast I have this Apple charger I have
the Cadbury eggs that he wanted I have
sweet red wine that he likes
I have Redd's Apple ale that he likes I
have a card with a two hundred dollar
gift card to H&M and then I have a bunch
of clothes that I bought her with and
balloons so this is what it looks like
happy birthday baby I'm so cute so the
birthday princess woke up yeah as you
guys can see the Reubens already gone I
mean he ate half of it but I decided not
to vlog like when he woke up and like
was surprised by all this cuz it was
personal and it's his birthday and I
don't think that's what he would have
wanted so I let him enjoy his things yes
no problem baby
especially cuz I'm not even home and I
just having this in that way oh love you
think so Colin and I decided we're gonna
go to the Irish pub today since we
didn't get to do it last night all the
plans are on Colin whatever he wants to
do we're going to do I'm excited I love
Irish pubs and guys I'm gonna get a tide
pot shot I don't know if you know what
those are but it's like a tide pod like
baby shot it's not an actual Thai punch
but if they actually put these in like
shots like at the bar it's I forget
which alcohol I think it's like Bailey's
and Kurt karak oh I'm sorry I put your
names and something else but I think
it's gonna be orange blue and white not
bringing blue no I mean I could ask for
this these colors too but guys what's so
creepy is that people are actually
eating these and while I'm feeling it
like
it's so said the the clear whatever this
is it's so thin I feel like my nails
gonna puncture it and it's gonna break
and you could smell like the liquid
through the clear stuff and it just it
feels sticky like you could tell some of
its like oozing out and it's damp but
it's just disgusting I can't believe
kids are actually like ah smells so
strong I need to rinse out my mouth even
though I was joking with it it like I
taste something strong I'm gonna drink
something uh it's strong and it did I
didn't even bite into it I put it close
to my mouth that's why people are dying
kids if you're 21 or older do not
results uh biting at i-5 you're not or
older do not go to the bar get a tripod
shot this is the saddest type hot shot
I've ever seen guys we came to the bar
and the bartender was choked pissed off
when I like pulled up the recipe and he
was giving mad attitude and was just
like no way can't make it and then he
finally made it and then he's like smick
saying guys what can I say so I guess
they're made wrong I don't know I have
to watch the YouTube video
it's worth of trying Collins first shot
at the bar let's try it it's ready
girl friends please
really
ready
Bailey's I'm like Nokia
he came here
Oh guys he was 18 when I heard amazing
21 I was a cougar I was 21 or 18
beautiful Colin pretty much the
all-american on violence hey guys so I'm
on my phone because my camera like broke
when we were at the observatory I didn't
drop it or anything I just don't know
what happened to it so I'm using my
phone to vlog right now I hope I could
get my camera working like by morning
because I'm supposed to film a get ready
with me here before I get on my flight
and then I'm gonna edit the get ready
with me on the flight so yeah I have so
many videos coming up it's not even
funny like oh my gosh I'm excited
alright well that's it for today's fancy
vlog stay tuned for my next fancy vlog
and I love you guys so much and I'll see
