beautiful
hey booze so last fall I started it out
inside a limo this one
I'm starting it out inside a Mercedes
bus with the cast of blood queens and
we're working on some stuff today plus a
new member of the squad this is the
blood queen spot guys you are not ready
for season 2 mike is actually acting in
this season and chanel is also as well
as everyone else usually accident but
ripped the RIP Gio movie Mitch geo so
what we're doing today is what Ward us
filming the episodes today we're gonna
start filming those at large wall but
today we're doing the cast photo shoot
and we're filming the feet long and
we're doing some press pics so
this is gonna be a super fun day we have
all the wardrobe in the back and here I
just can't wait to show you guys you're
gonna get a little sneak peek
like that and everything this is a
really like bumpy highway so I want to
go but all of you guys in York City so
we just got to the photo shoot location
and this is so charming guys the setting
for season two is in a mansion so this
is where all the promo pics are gonna be
oh my gosh guys this is stunning there's
a dollhouse up there this is where a
Squatch promo pics are gonna dress up
you guys live here that's so awesome and
then up here that oh well - that hallway
appears this is Allister in jeans
Warner's lair
oh my gosh this is stunning if you guys
haven't seen season 1 a bug please go
watch that because season 2 it's gonna
be so awesome
I'm so excited Danny go to the balcony
hey boy guys I'm wearing Emma Roberts
outfit from the pilot first scream queen
season 1 and it looks like this it fits
I'm so happy
it's so cute and then Ali is wearing
Abigail breslin's dress and then ash
this is just a dress we got for Nash
that's not from scream queens and then
chanel is wearing a Chanel
hey you're so cute oh my god so this is
the dollhouse
like how beautiful oh my god I know I
already showed this that I'm obsessed
and then there's like a boy bedroom over
there I showed you guys that but this is
someone's actual apartment it's
beautiful
wow this is so cool to sleep in here Wow
he's so sweet he built this off for his
wife this guy who owns this place like
build this home place for his wife and
their signs the same love everywhere in
here I think this is gold yeah it is he
built her this whole thing right here
this is all her closet
this whole walkway thank you going into
the McDonald's the ch√©nier were those
friends I know we're always doing
someone make a video about us right now
eating these fries I dare you I know
it's such a flattering angle I feel like
I'm so excited
that's a wrap for today with blood
queens we film the actual show in March
but we are doing a lot of stuff leading
up to it we just filmed that the theme
song and we took some pictures for like
press and Sisson to like outlets and all
that kind of stuff and to promote on the
blood queens instagram follow the blood
queens Instagram if you haven't done so
already and if you guys don't know what
blood queens is it is like a parody
spin-off of scream queens because they
cancelled at season three so I started
my show blood queens and this is a
season two of my show black Queen so get
excited good morning guys so it's the
next day and I'm going to my parents
house to film chanelle's coming with me
and I have to do my makeup and stuff for
this niki and gabi video so I'm not
wearing any right now hey guys so right
now I'm actually at my parents house I
did my makeup for the niki and gabi
video but it's not a makeup tutorial and
I have Aaron our producer in the back
and no cuz it's a good plan and we have
me obviously you guys know who nate is
in the driver seat with the camera this
is for the niki and gabi channel so if
you guys want to watch that video this
will be a next week this week's video is
different so I'm gonna start driving and
filming and I'll keep up with you guys
when I'm with Nikki to film intros and
outros or when I'm done filming in
general alright I was watching the show
you know that didn't show an outlet and
it says don't carry watches don't watch
it without me tomorrow lunch tomorrow
hey guys so that's it and we'll see you
guys in our next video so comment down
below the video you want to see next and
we'll see you guys in our next video bye
they also
we are always here if you guys are avid
evolve viewers you guys remember that we
always go to cassette this French cafe
slash Bistro that is by my apartment it
never used to be by my apartment though
it used to be far now my new apartment
is right by it
so yeah it's exciting I remember the
first time Chanel and I ever came to
cachet I didn't have a blog channel so
the second time we came here we blog so
this is the third time we're here I
think somewhere in between we came
another time because she knows it's
quite often thank you but yeah this is
like our place and we like take the
annual picture by the Eiffel Tower and
we always specifically asked to sit by
the Eiffel Tower
this is our home we always said at this
table so I got this grilled chicken
salad with fried goat cheese and this
honey Dijon dressing and the Chanel
always gets this amazing Cuban crepe
it's like a savory cream and we always
get the same thing when we come
it's a tradition now and we sit in the
same seats right below the Eiffel Tower
hey guys so this is a sad sad moment in
my blog because it's the next day and
chanel leaves like in an hour and you
all know the feeling when you have a
long-distance friend and they have to
leave it's just so sad this morning we
got up early and did a few things but I
didn't vlog it because I wanted the
memories not the footage that's like a
thing that people need to like learn
nowadays and like there are youtubers
and stuff like the difference between
footage and a memory so that's exactly
what we did and I'm gonna drop her off
at the airport this is like the most
depressing like time when you have a
friend come it's like all exciting
leading up to it they're there and they
leave oh this sucks but I know blood
queens duh she's in the new cast so um
we're gonna have so much fun in March
that's when filming takes place I know
there's gonna be a lot of questions
because this is the behind-the-scenes
video for like the promo shoot and the
theme song we filmed those on the same
day because of the location but filming
doesn't actually start till March so I
feel like a lot of people are gonna
think that we're filming it now but it
doesn't start till later I love you guys
so much and we're gonna go get some
pizza and I'm gonna take her to the
airport but I think I'm just gonna end
my vlog here cuz I just like I just want
to be more personal so all right I love
you guys and I'll see you in my next
fancy blog bye
