hello okay now
beautiful good morning guys
I am just chillin in my bunk and I just
woke up and Alicia Marie is over there
vlogging as well I know where the VAR
fairy lights this is how we wake up
we're like complaining your nation we
look like a little husband and wife you
have is that rumor Nicki and Jessie are
dating we should totally put out like a
rumor you and I are dating and see what
people do we're gonna be like yes we're
game because we wake up next to each
other every money
yeah
looks like from the other side again oh
my gosh our Bucs are cute oh my god
so today I ordered a soy lavender latte
and I've never drank anything or tasted
anything lavender before but let me tell
you it tastes amazing so we're at the
venue in the greenroom and I wear my
pajamas in because when we leave the
venue and walks the bus I just want to
have my pajamas to wear and I'm about to
get my hair and makeup done for
tonight's show so I'm getting ready and
I'm obviously baking the face but look
what I'm watching this always puts me in
a good mood before I do a show or
anything like that I literally love my
new iPad everyone told me I wasn't going
to use it and like not to bother on
buying an iPad but I've been using it so
so much since I bought it
hey guys so this venues a little cool
tonight I mean we've been in all
different kinds of venues but tonight is
a old like 1950s 1930s dance hall
whenever my grandma tells me should we
go dancing when she was younger it was
somewhere like this - the stage I assume
and guess what Louie Armstrong performed
here so I am fangirling a little bit I'm
just very appreciative that I'm in a
spot where someone iconic what look how
cute this is I'm just obsessed with how
this place looks super vintage
and picture so clear it smells like
washing here bathroom I know it looks
really cute it smells like washing here
is cute
yeah I like this venue it's cute
Elvis yeah hey guys so this is what I'm
wearing for tonight's show when I'm
trying to actually switch it up because
usually I wear this gem white top with a
black skirt and black boots but I am
wearing a pink like satin silky looking
skirt with minimal white boots tonight
and a thick choker instead of a gem one
and my hair isn't like these braids
that's what started
and I really like it the girl who did my
hair today was amazing so shout out to
you you're you were just an amazing I
love what you did with my hair so this
is my outfit and we're tonight I'm
switching it up I'm actually wear this
choker at this I just literally I'm
experimenting outfit right now so it's a
good night to to try and switch things
up
the show is over and it's time for
dinner and back in my pajamas and then
we're going to all go back onto the best
okay guys so it is the next show day and
we are currently in Kansas City but I
want to give you guys a tour of the
theater it literally reminds me of the
Nutcracker or a ballet theater and I got
my hair and makeup done this morning
sorry I didn't vlog I was so exhausted
last night after I ate my food I went in
the bus I fell asleep I stopped at
Walmart because oh my gosh guys I forgot
to tell you this I got my mother
nature's gift on stage and thankfully it
didn't like get anywhere but I came off
stage and it looked like just not good
so yeah that happened last night and I
had to go to Walley world in Missouri
some random part of Missouri and I had
to buy like tampons and pads and stuff
like that so I haven't been feeling well
so that's why I didn't really vlog this
morning and last night but just catching
you up since you missed that really
really eventful night so yeah I guess
I'm watching this today because the
theater really reminds me of the
Nutcracker so I'm enjoying this stuff
I'm going to show you guys what this
theater looks like and then hey believe
me when I say it was
oh my gosh oh my god what is going on
yeah
so guys I'm sorry but I just had to
quick beat you because look at this look
I just thought of a genius like them now
Gabby D Martinez you can no longer you
suck so this is what it looks like it's
like this cute little bar
and the cage right there this is my
you know these are good dance shoes
and my pajamas for a racial segment
you
mmm
