hello okay now
beautiful hey guys if you're wondering
why I'm dressed like this it's because
my boyfriend is a photographer and he
just took some pictures of me and my new
hair I just got my hair my new
extensions down there set it to someone
weave again they're not tapings anymore
thank God I'm running late I had to do a
livestream with Nicki and she's at a
coffee shop so we're gonna run down and
meet Nicki at the coffee shop yeah I'm
going to change my outfit because these
are pajamas yeah oh yeah it's like a
romper
I'll show you look how cute these are
like vintage pajamas that I got a
vintage shop here in Portland ok guys so
we are walking the streets of Portland a
film this guy right here you guys might
know him as coach Mendez so we are on
the way
I don't know if you guys ever saw that
movie but it's an iconic movie and we're
in Oregon right now
and that's why we go there and we're all
the entire Tories and a little taco band
right now I think this is weird because
usually we have someone drive our tour
bus for us but now he's driving from
what if this was our tour bus all been
there so somehow we managed to get
ourselves in an antique shop
I feel like antique shops chase me
yeah get a leather jacket if I was home
I would hands down by like an apron or
something oh my god they have so many
cheap things huh oh my god I want these
for my apartment it says like ginger
paprika garlic sugar on teacups oh my
gosh that looks just like Marie
Antoinette I'm going through an
obsession with her right now
so all my stuff is not you so Colin show
everyone what you just found if I was
home you know where that would go
this is so cute why do tea shops always
find me like we're in a random city in
Oregon and I'm obsessed with boutiques
I think this is the Goonies house
there's a sign thing do not trespass do
not get close do not take pictures so I
had to get it from this far away but how
cool is that this is like what I'm
wearing because I didn't realize how
cold it gets here so I bought this in
the arcade
so Colin and I are in Victoria's Secret
this is the next day by the way and
we're doing the 5 for 27 because I I
can't keep up with my watch and I'm
carrying my iced coffee and he's like
Gabby was down at your pinkie how did
you did ya think you are I don't know
it's like fancy ray do you think you
hard
we're such savage together it's not even
funny
this is Savage you look like the man
right now look doesn't he look like the
man right now like it he's just holding
ladies underwear boyfriend goals right
here so we're back from the mall and and
I mecha cami if we're gonna do a haul
together for you guys cuz we both went
shopping and this one never shopped I
never spent money on himself I'm sitting
she got me this shirt that has a bunch
of different famous cities on it with
Portland which we're in now and this hat
she got me as well and it matches the
Hat really well and I got this I don't
even know what you'd call it
surfy kind of pattern and I like spicy
smelling a new club and then I got
another like Hawaiian floral pattern
t-shirt I really like it hey another
Forel pattern t-shirt and then I got
these sweatpants augurs and we went to a
story at Portland yesterday Astoria
Oregon Astoria Oregon yesterday and
that's where the Goonies was filmed went
to the house and we went to the Goonies
Rock so I got a Goonies never say die
shirt and then this I don't know why I
kept why did you get it says oh that's
the green this is the goony shirt then
why don't you just show this is the GU
t-shirt and this one says lumbersexual
wait why you are just showing a
lumbersexual shirt and talking about The
Goonies people probably think you're so
a shopping would looking good
thought it was cool chopping wood never
mind whatever really reminded me up was
one of my favorite movie no hoodwinked
you like hoodwinked - hello my knee is
oh yeah boy Stewie's flare line of you
via The Wandering check we also stories
connected together stories in the
background like we look my favorite part
that movies like all the stories connect
and when you go over all the stories and
their try to figure out what happened
you see the other story happening in the
background
hmm I like to go the singing go yeah I
was my favorite was the Golden Gun
Lumberjacks would you pull that shirt
this is literally the first thing I
thought of
I just didn't know you liked hoodwink
like I thought I was talking about this
goony shirt girl aren't you summer start
off with Bath and Body Works
look at this loofah do you not see this
it's an ice cream cone it has like
little sprinkle details in it that are
like sponges I want to go out for ice
cream yeah you should get ice cream
after this mmm I gave a little quick
little bunk tour and I'm in the process
of decorating but I got this white
pumpkin because it reminds me Cinderella
and I got the sad cause pumpkin latte is
it so thank you spikes okay pumpkin
good night paper pumpkin spice latte I
think it is and then the other two are
endless weekend which is what my entire
apartment at home smells like so I could
bring home with me and then I got these
two hand sanitizers because I'm
traveling so much as journeys everywhere
it says dazzling diamond and it's
sparkly okay see so dazzling diamond and
it's sparkly silver it is so cute but I
got pear and brown sugar it's a fall
scent it smells so good guys and I also
got these adorable like squirrel socks
that are sparkly right here that's wrong
comfy a hedgehogs and obviously the next
door might choose which were secret and
I did the 5 for 27 underwear
because when you're on the road you
don't have time to do your laundry all
the time and I always underwear then I
went to hmm and I got spark blue odd
years I think they're out for Halloween
but it's the goldish it's like a rose
gold II yeah it's like rose gold rush
sparkly does running okay and last but
not least from each them I bought a tutu
skirt like the cutest little leg
that works it's so cute
hey guys what's up I'm on stage of a
girls night in show just got done with
the meet and greet and now I'm just
tuning backstage not doing much one of
the subscribers was from Canada and
brought some Canadian snack just a
disclaimer I know that I follow a very
strict diet but I'm putting out on hold
just for this little part because I'm
genuinely interested in how these things
taste it's not like meeting the entire
bags of everything so the first half of
my try is old Dutch ketchup chips
these are good Wow
grab two much of those because I know it
serious it's like I'm eating straight-up
ketchup all right
any single sweet now I'm going to try
Nestle Aero bubble bar looks like this
what is that is it just like spongy
chocolate on the inside it's literally a
sponge on the inside but it's chocolate
I'm not a huge fan of chocolate so I
don't like this next straight-up
chocolate
alright now I need something savory with
you so all dressed rumbles this kind of
looks like potato chips that I have here
it's sweet and salty and savory in my
bag so try it out come on it's just like
barbecue mixed with like sour cream and
onion really good these are really good
now I'm going to taste a coffee Chris
you look interested not a big fan of
coffee but the picture looks good
it tastes like something just came out
of the toaster it literally tastes like
bread that you take out of a toaster
surrounded by chocolate with the hint of
coffee for you for the coffee tasty is
more like burnt toast and toaster but I
like it I love breakfast afternoon eat I
like that now I'm going to taste
Canadian Smarties and I got anything
chocolate inside it like a carrot on the
back because I was eating a sandwich
what it only tastes like regular
chocolate chocolate there's absolutely
no smartie taste to them other than like
what they look like just like white
chocolate inside kind of like cupcake II
wasn't chasing regular chocolate there
right now to choose a favorite it would
be you can you Rossum
and I can actually eat these all the
other things and go against my diet so
we won't actually eat them but hmm I'm
really liking that's it for the smog I
have a show you damn hope you guys
enjoyed my taste in Canadian candy and
junk food
I hope you guys
you
