I need to pull out two okay guys so
we're in a more comfortable position
because we're going to tell you the
story on how we met there's been a lot
of speculation on what happened and like
just like in general like what the heck
happened guys you're not ready for the
story on how we met I don't even know if
I'm ready to tell it I'm not ready to
tell it with this pimple on my feet
okay so I'm just going to get this out
there there's a disclaimer
um I'm not advising me any of you guys
to do anything that I did but I'm also
not telling you guys that what I did was
wrong because I'm a real firm believer
and that things happen for a reason
let's go back to 2015 spring 2015 I went
through a really hard time I was bored
in my previous relationship and I took a
break from um my ex and I'm not gonna
say his name because I don't want to get
in trouble or anything and I don't want
like legal stuff or whatever to happen
but I took a break from my ex and I was
venturing off and seeing the other
things that are out there because you
know when you're young like when you're
tied down to someone for that long you
start getting curious like I loved him
to death I loved him so much but I was
so young and he was the only guy I was
ever with like and I was 19 and I was
with him for five years so that's
usually the time of like learning and
stuff he plays me so I started seeing
other guys and I wasn't necessarily fair
to my ex because obviously it's not fair
to the other party because when you want
to take a break and the other one
doesn't agree with the break and the
other one wants to take the break is
obvious someone's gonna get hurt and you
like can't control your feelings and
stuff so um I took a break I fell for a
few people but then I ultimately went
back to him because it's what was
comfortable
I'm but I wasn't fully happy and I felt
like a bad guy because I was trying to
force feelings that weren't there and I
wanted those old feelings to come back
because that's all I knew and I was
fearful of what my life would be like
without that person so I was trying to
force a feeling that I once felt but
that like that wrote its course and
that's obviously like something really
impossible to like force of feeling if
you've been there you probably know that
so as you guys know my friend Kimmy died
um when I was 14 I hadn't visited her
grave in years and I was going through
so much summer 2015 I went to her grave
and I prayed prayed prayed prayed prayed
that like I would get some kind of
feeling for him again that I once felt
and um as you guys know I wrote the song
it last year and the song it was about a
guy that I had a fling with like um when
I was on my break and I thought I felt
for my ex because I wouldn't I would
never want to be in that position either
like it scares me to think like what if
the person I have feelings for like is
losing feelings and I scared to tell me
and whatever I just felt for him so I
went to Kimmy and I prayed like all the
time
because I am spiritual for those who ask
so I tried to turn to like God and one
month later I'm at my beach house I'm
miserable I'm crying and Ali texts me
and goes hey do you want to come to the
beach with me July 24th to the 26th and
I'm like yeah sure of course at that
point in my life I'm just looking for
adventure because I'm so bored with my
repetitive life and relationship and I
just always was looking for adventure
and I sometimes resulted to like bad
things to find adventure like drinking
and um disrespecting my parents and
rebelling and last summer was pretty
tough for them and I feel really bad I
went to the beach with her and the first
night I mean--you I blogged it literally
I started the vlog channel like because
I was so bored with my life I wanted a
vlog channel so I I started the blog
Channel literally two days before what
digit alley like it's insane that this
is all goes back to when I first started
my vlog channel the second vlog I ever
heard uploaded was the car breaking down
on the way to this beach on this beach
trip the white bars on the beach we're
checking out alley and I'm like hey you
want to come to our party or whatever
this night we're like yeah sure so we
went to this party and I don't advise
guys like if you have like a serious
relationship like please don't like
follow my example or anything like I was
just looking for adventure and I went to
this party alley and I made a few
friends with little lifeguards and the
girls that were in the house that were
like the girlfriends of the lifeguards
or like usual friends so then they're
like oh come the next night we're like
okay sure and this was an Avalon in Cape
May New Jersey those beaches and the
next day her work friends were meeting
us at the beach and I didn't know like
there are any like cute guys whatever
that worked with her I thought I was
honestly just expecting like her
girlfriends from work and maybe a few
like of her close friends that I already
knew uh they all come the next day and
this one is one of her work friends and
I'm like how I pull alia side I'm like
Holly since when did you tell me like
why did you tell me that there is this
adorable guy that works with you like
this is trouble I'm obviously set up for
trouble because right off the bat I was
like oh my god I really like him like I
really really like him he's cute and I
saw how he was treating you know my
friend Nash she worked with Ali too so
she was on the speech trip and him and
Nash like having so much fun in the
waves I'm like wow that's how he treats
like a like a friend imagine how he
treats a girlfriend like I was just
amazed I was just like a ki treat he
treats women so well and I was just
amazed with how much of a gentleman this
guy was and I was like these guys exist
I'm not one to fall pass at all by any
means like it takes a lot for me to get
feelings for someone um so I really
liked him and then when we all went back
to the beach house this isn't the like
our house is the beach house that Ali
and I were staying in we all went back
to the beach house we're all like
pre-gaming getting ready for the
lifeguard
you that night and I was like a little
tipsy and I was matching to him on the
bed and I was like you know what this
happened to me the spring this guy broke
my heart I wrote this song about him and
I'm currently in a relationship that I'm
not happy in and I still love this guy
and I don't want to hurt him and I need
help and he was just being a genuine guy
he had a girlfriend at the time and he
was just giving me advice and he's like
this is what you should do you need to
tell this guy how much he means to you
you never told him this you need to end
things with your eggs and like all this
stuff and he was being so helpful in
genuine and then we're all playing
manhunt that night before we got in the
uber to go to the lifeguard party and he
texted me meet me behind the car one of
alleys work friends who I also worked
with I told her that I had a little
crush on you and she was like she told
me she thinks you're hot and I was like
oh what no way I was like oh my god oh
my god
so I got my phone out and I was like
listen the next round of manhunt I want
you to come behind this car with me so
we meet behind this car and I was like
listen that talk we had like it was
really open and like it was so obvious
there was a connection so I asked her I
was like listen did you just tell me
that because like as a friend or because
like something else like just there
something more and she's like no just a
friend just a friend I was so let down
cuz I thought I was like there's no way
that that could have been possible like
just a friendly talk cuz then there was
so much more to it than just being nice
and opening up to me like that I was
honestly just scared of like cheating or
anything like that cuz I'm not that kind
of person so I didn't want to leave
myself into that and like cause even
more drama than there already was and I
think he knew that like there was so
much drama going in my relationship life
at the moment he knew like it would be
like kind of impossible for me to admit
that even if I felt that so we all get
in the uber
we go to the lifeguard party and on the
way there I'm like we need to stop at
Wawa I need to get gum like deaded into
that and we were like flirting so much
in the uber so much in the Wawa like
chasing each other in the wall it really
seems like good friends just right off
that jinx so then we get to the
lifeguard party so there was this girl
that came up to me and was like hey
cabbie oh and mind you guys I was like
drunk and she was too I don't even know
how I started talking to this girl to be
honest like what I'm like when I have
like when I'm drunk I guess I'm really
outgoing
cuz this girl comes up to me and I've
gotta be up apps with her and she's like
you know like I really want to get with
this guy tonight but I need help can you
kiss me in front of him to help me make
him jealous and I was like yeah sure I
mean I'm like I'm I'm an open book like
I'm like I like I said I like adventure
like I was just like okay whatever we'll
make this into my summer story so I
kissed the girl and um the guy like
didn't really care I don't drink or
anything so I was at this lifeguard
party just sitting down cuz I don't
drink I was doing nothing but keeping my
eye on her because I was like so
attracted her so I couldn't get my eyes
off her so like she went out to I didn't
know she was gonna kiss this girl and I
go out on the balcony because I thought
I was gonna talk to her more cuz I
really wanted to and then I see her kiss
a girl and I was like and I turned
around I walked back inside yeah no no
it's not like that you thought I was
like the other way I was like no so like
I was like no - I thought your face I
knew I saw disappointment in that face
when I'm drunk I'm really stupid and the
sink water tasted really bad at that
Beach and all Allie had in the beach
house was propel water and that doesn't
like fix my thirst so I was venting I
was like guys I'm thirsty I need water I
need water real water she was oh in my
car in my trunk I have a big tub of Voss
water
like oh thank god voting on they don't
even sell Voss in tubs I don't know she
just said that and so she's like let's
go to my car I was like okay so we start
walking her car which is like blocks
away may I add and as soon as we get to
that car I guess Allie told Colin can
you just make sure she's okay and he was
like yeah I was already on it so he
started following me he's following me
to this girl's car cuz he doesn't trust
this girl yeah and as soon as we gets
the car there's no boss water in there
oh you didn't even she was so drunk that
she didn't know she just got in the
passenger seat because the girl told her
to get into the passenger seat and I saw
her open the trunk and there was no
water in the trunk so I was like oh my
god yeah I got the like I just started
her car remember yeah she started her
car I was like she rolled down the
window I was like Gabby get out of the
car now it was a heroic moment and I
looked at him like I pretended that
Gabby was my sister B we start walking
back to the beach house and I hurt my
ankle and then Collin gave me a
piggyback ride and everything was peachy
and perfect we're all gonna leave the
party until every story needs like a
grand finale
until this girl grabs my arm takes me to
a bedroom slams the door locks in it
like puts a chair up against it tries to
kiss me again I'm like oh my god like
what's going on and um just you guys
know I know this girl personally now and
she's like said sorry like 800 times and
she was like I'm sorry I was just drunk
did it so it's not like it was illegal
she was just really not herself
Colin breaks down bust down the door
like Allie's with him ally tells this
girl off said give me my best friend
back like if you like you know ally she
like but she was like yeah a fighting
girl that day and Colin was like Colin
like call drew names it was like leave
her alone and then he grabs my hand and
goes let's get out of here and as we're
waiting for the uber I look
get him I'm holding his hand and I go
kiss me Colin and everyone's like no no
no no he had a girlfriend I had a
boyfriend no no no no no no really not
have to I wanted to so bad cuz she's
like the most beautiful girl I've ever
seen in my life and I was like like I
couldn't kiss her cuz everyone even in
the uber I was like leaning over trying
to kiss him and like everyone alley
everyone's like no like try to separate
a second no no no no no long story short
we get back to the beach house and we
kissed obviously and we call each other
rub you and Juliet because we literally
started the night that we met I mean the
day we met was a day we fell for each
other and I don't want to start saying I
fell in love with him that night but I I
definitely liked felt something because
the next morning I was in a glow and
I've been in a glow ever since and
obviously I was still with my ex and he
was with his girlfriend we had the most
romantic summer fling ever
but he broke up with his girlfriend for
me and when it was time for me to break
up with my ex for him I just couldn't do
it so for those of you guys asking why I
post about my five-year anniversary in
October that was because I was willing
to put something that made me so happy
aside to try to make something work with
someone I spent so many years with
because I don't want those years to go
down the drain I felt bad for him I felt
like a horrible person and I felt like I
owed it to him but instead I led him on
and obviously I'm not proud of that I
mean I read it all over the comments
like every day on Instagram you guys
accused me of what I did and I don't
like to read my mistake over and over
again I tried making it work you guys
saw my beauty con on New York City vlog
where I took him to the Too Faced dinner
oh yeah but it was just the most forced
thing I've ever done like and I hurt him
so bad he was so hurt guys like the
entire like month of September and
October like he was so hurt and then we
finally became friends again I mean he
found it in his heart to take me in as a
friend after we had the best fling like
ever
he found space in his heart to be my
friend again and I invited him to my
Halloween party and find it came to my
Alamein party and then we were
inseparable ever since and then early
November I broke up with
yeah and those of you guys who ask what
our date is when it was our anniversary
we don't have a date we just say the day
we met is the day we started because we
have the only time we had off from each
other was like September when I was
trying to make it work with my ex we
spent every day together mm-hmm
were like we were unsewn we've been
together every single day like since
been right except for that time and I'm
when you in LA I couldn't be happier
with the decision I made I'm not
advising cheating guys I just want you
to learn from my mistakes and if you're
feeling like you're forcing a feeling or
something don't hurt the other person
don't drag them on my ex is in pain he
likes to now he likes to deny and say
he's happy now which I'd like to believe
but he still I get the occasional tax of
like mean words and and I know I don't I
don't hate him I hurt him like I really
didn't like obviously no one no one wins
in this situation like I'm even in shock
that I did what I did because two years
three years ago I would've sworn I was
gonna marry that guy like you don't know
yourself four or five years from now
like when or especially when you're in
like you're like 17 18 19 you think you
know what you want things changed some
people do actually do know what they
want but I was one of those people that
second-guessing myself like towards the
end of the relationship and I knew that
it just wrote its course I I feel bad
for him and I'm I feel sorry for him and
half the reason I'm putting this video
out there is because obviously I've
gotten threats saying hey I'm going to
tell everyone you cheated on me if you
keep doing this or you could keep
posting with him or if you keep you know
so yeah I'll put that out there
I was not respectful I mean I wouldn't
consider it cheating since the
relationship ended way before it
actually ended but yeah I did lead
someone on I hurt someone I was not a
good person but that wasn't because I
was trying to be a bad person that was
because I was trying to battle the pain
that
and I would feel after almost six years
being together like it wasn't just you
he also what we were and there's other
things there's other things like he if
he didn't let's just say if he didn't
give me that right I would have never
cheated and I guess you guys can I mean
I'm not the person that's gonna not
nationally on is it right you to say
what this guy did fun reason behind why
she thought it wasn't a bad idea yeah
Sam I bet I've literally begged through
hell and back emotionally with my eggs
and I think it's it's great that I can
finally let myself be happy for once you
know so and I'm really happy with this
one and I'm just really glad that I met
him I love our story
to my room you leave me
