hello okay now
beautiful I'm currently my song with my
BFF Kenny and I'm buying my first ysm
I leave the tour and t-minus a day in
half well not for twerker third tour
rehearsals so I'm really freaking
nervous
so click where I can stop playing with
my hair and for those of you who picked
up on that claiming my hands like my
nervous habit so I'm always right now
I'm trying to buy like a cute guy to
wear when I do press for the tour
I went absolutely crazy in Victoria's
Secret I would do a haul but honestly
it's just like you know what Victoria
Secret painting stuff looks like it's
like all that stuff you'll see a ton of
it on tour and in my tour vlogs honestly
I feel like such a mess right now I'm so
stressed out oh and guys here's the YSL
bag that I bought at the mall with Kenny
as a tassel and it looks like this and
I'm super super excited to use this I'm
gonna miss my closet Lily are you gonna
miss mommy's closet really is my best
friend so are you packing a so stressful
right now I don't want to go
so this is what I'm doing right now I'm
in the bathtub watching Marie Antoinette
because I'm very stressed out and I just
need to relax for a little bit yeah I
got I just got my iPad yesterday and I'm
playing with it right now
so as I already told you guys and really
stressed out and scared for tor
I'm leaving for LA tomorrow and I'm not
looking forward to traveling I'm
stressed out as it is to go to LA
tomorrow and for her Souls I can't even
imagine when I leave for tour next week
I'm really stressed out so I'm honestly
just taking the path and winding down
even though I should be running errands
my health is the most important and I
don't want to go crazy so I just thought
I shared you guys I am using tempest
tonight and it is absolutely amazing
I got to show you guys look at my
wristband so Jerry Nicki's boyfriend is
my fitness coach and he has a website
where you could sign up for memberships
and he has like videos and stuff on how
to do certain workouts that is literally
how he's my trainer through his website
he's my personal trainer he's been
training me for tour because I need to
look good
so if you guys are interested you should
check out his site and I like it down
below
what is the scene are they doing the
ceremony before they like sleep with
each other or something this is so weird
I've never seen anything like it so
Marie Antoinette is marrying like she's
forced to marry this guy and it's like
an arranged marriage and there's this
really creepy bed scene and I never
understand the scene it weirds me out so
I get out of the shower and look what I
find are you sleeping in Mama's clothes
yeah everyone follow me on instagram
bill villian role
hi talk to the camera
Lily girl yeah I just I started packing
a few nights ago I'm gonna miss my
closet so as I'm packing for tour I got
my vintage gown in the mail from eBay I
wish it came earlier cuz I was planning
to do some kind of shoot in this before
I leave but I'll do it when I get back
but how beautiful is this it's a vintage
couture gown and I'm obsessed hey you
hey you hi
so the continuous packing oh my gosh
guys it is now what time is it
it is now 831 this has been an all day
work in progress all the costumes are
over here
soundcheck outfit press outfits I just
I'm literally so stressed out there's
just so much going on in my apartment I
got all these packages from white box
for clothing to take on the road so I'm
gonna unbox these I guess well I am
vlogging okay so I just received a bunch
of packages for outfits for tour I'm
gonna unbox them well I've never done
this before like open a package while
amber is running you guys can see what
I've got it's from white box I love the
bow box from white box seeing my
your place to shop these are cute um
it's like so white shorts I got but now
they're like pink because I love this oh
that's like cute little press outfit
this is a cute like tight top it's like
a black nylon I don't know it's a really
thin material top and it's so cute so
this is one of those sweaters that have
like a choker thing that you like tie
around your neck that match the sweater
honestly I think it's a little too warm
to be wearing anything like this so this
might have to stay behind my apartment
is literally 50 shades of messy yeah I
got my velvet hats I got pink velvet hat
and then I got a tan velvet hat oh these
are so cute look and I got my
new sweater bow it's white and mean but
look how cute it's like a sweater dress
it's like yeah it goes to there that's
cute
these are cute the big change sugars
cute
let's really care
oh my gosh I love these they're so fun I
was gold my favorite color
well other than blush so the reason I
ordered this chop is because it reminded
me of Chanel Oberlin's in the one scene
which I'll put right here she had like a
poofy thing on her head and she's
wearing this and it just looks so cute
with like little gloves and stuff and I
was completely inspired to order this
hey guys so I am editing again and
realized I have absolutely no outro so
I'm going to do one right here I just
wanted to put this out there though that
like obviously for my life update vlog
I've never like updated you or gotten
personal with you guys again about my
anxiety and stuff and let me just tell
you that my anxiety is probably at its
peak right now just because like it's
happening I'm going to Los Angeles I'm
going to start rehearsals and then I'm
going to be on the road for six weeks
now obviously like I've never done
anything like that before I'm no Taylor
Swift I've never been on a tour I like I
don't I could I mean I want to say like
I'm really excited to meet you guys
obviously I'm really really excited but
at the end of the day my anxiety takes
over and it's like crap like I want to
do this but at the same time like what
if I can so I'm not saying I'm backing
down or anything but I just may let you
guys know when you do see me on the
store like even though you see me
performing and I may be smiling probably
and look like I'm having a good time on
stage I'm gonna be like miserable but
like so out of my element and anxious
and I'm going to be anxious of meeting
three I'm going to be anxious
soundcheck the show when I'm on the bus
going to bed face time being my
boyfriend like I'm going to be anxious
that's all I'm going to be for like the
next six weeks and this isn't me saying
I'm ungrateful or anything like I'm not
an ungrateful person um I love people
and I love meeting you guys and stuff
but this is 2016 this isn't the happy
cheerful little world where Lizzie
McGuire was everywhere at the end of the
day it's like you guys that matter you
guys are the reason why I'm doing this
tour and why I'm putting myself through
this is because all I am is thinking
about you
but at the end of the day it's not like
a glamorous lifestyle I mean if you have
to take a number two you got pool or you
can't go on the bus how embarrassing is
that and it's not a glamorous life guys
it's really really tough and I'm putting
myself through because I love you guys
and I'm not shooting on the tour in any
way I just being real with you guys like
I'm about to go through something I've
never embarked before I may love it I
may hate it who knows but this is
honestly like the biggest dissipater
ever I'm not great boy I love you guys
so much that's why I'm putting myself
through what I am scared of all right
love you guys
