hey guys it's night time and look what
I'm doing for you I'm in my closet in my
robe and I'm about to film a haul for
you guys
dedication right here honestly um I'm at
the point where like I don't know if I
want to do daily vlogs but at the same
time is might as well because I'm
already posting like every day every
other day or every three days so I'm not
going to come in and say I'm a daily
vlogger now but this week has been very
vlog tastic so I'm just gonna keep the
momentum going I'm gonna put up a hall
because I just online shop this week and
everything came in and I love sharing
this kind of stuff with you guys because
you guys get just as excited as I do so
without further ado I'm going to show
you what I cut the first items I bought
are from white box comm and this is the
booklet that came in my package and it's
pretty much like a mixture of Nasty Gal
means toby like my two favorite stores
obviously the first thing I'm going to
show you guys is this faux fur jacket
and it's like a taupe blush color like
it's the taupe out here and it's kind of
like a rose Goldy blush on the inside
the next thing I bought was like this
suit romper and it looks like this it
has like the four buttons and shorts and
it's long sleeved and it's collared and
just if it's too low-cut they're like
little bando underneath but this totally
reminds me of like Kate Middleton I love
like the whole like classic look very
princessy like modern-day princess I
love it like a little hat on it reminds
me of Rose from Titanic I really love
this look then I bought these
high-waisted shorts that kind of look
like a skirt but they're shorts and
they're adorable and this website comes
in super small sizes guys if you are
small like me and have trouble finding
like shorts and bottoms that fit the
waist and then bought this comfy comfy
bomber jacket that's a very cute pink
color I love the shade of pink I don't
know the name for it because it's not
quite Sam
but it's so cute and it reminds me of
like vintage I absolutely love it kind
of like the Pink Ladies the
off-the-shoulder think has been huge
lately so I went and bought myself an
off-the-shoulder shirt and it's like a
silky blush color
and I feel like this would look super
cute the choker in a ponytail or
something I don't know
I love the off-the-shoulder look lately
and I also went and got a regular tank
top with the same material because I'm
obsessed with this it's like a velvety
silky blush rose gold color I'm just
obsessed with the way this look I then
bought this turtleneck it's like a
turtleneck but the backs open so your
arms just your neck goes through here in
your arms just stick out it kind of
reminds me is something Kylie Jenner
would wear I really like this and it's
comfortable and I feel like I can wear
this under like a fur coat or something
because in the winter you don't wear
like a sweater and her for coke so you
get hot so anything that's like
turtleneck and strapless like it's
perfect for a burka faux fur I also
bought this sweater it is literally the
comfiest whitter I've ever felt like I
don't know what caused me to buy a
v-neck white sweater right now but I
think maybe it was tore cuz I got to be
comfortable a lot and when I'm flying
and I get cold on airplanes but it's
just so freakin warm and the sleeves are
really long so it does that bunched up
thing right here where you could like
stick like here duxelles and here out
you like grasp it with your thumb like
that look I love it
so comfy it's like clouds I also went
and bought this romper and it has it's
like a taupe sand color and it has a bow
that ties right here a big bow and it
looks like a dress when you wear it and
it's very tight at the waist and then
goes out it looks like a skater dress
but it's shorter than a skater dress
because I hate how long skater dresses
are shorter than that but the only way
can get away with wearing a dress this
short is that it's wrong
so it's so cute and it hunts all the
right places I love this awesome for the
beach I also bought this skirt and I
love it because I could see myself
wearing this with a sweater around the
Christmas season
I mean I've also see myself wearing it
now but I honestly see myself wearing
this more around the Christmas season
and the zipper goes on the side so it's
like this and high waisted super cute
the last thing I bought there's t-shirt
and it is YouTube is my Bible and I
thought this was very appropriate since
YouTube is my life literally so the next
shop I went to well online was Shariat
Marie it's on Etsy super adorable
vintage pieces they have a lot of like
pastels like shabby chic stuff so I know
a lot of you guys are asking me where do
you buy some of your vintage and a lot
of my inventory and collection comes
from the shariat Marie so I got this
beautiful beautiful lavender nightgown
it is super long guys like so long and
flowy
the material is absolutely lovely I love
love love anything flowy and sleeves are
adorable to bow at the one corner and
there's lace just be like a princess
going to bed the next dress I bought
sort of reminded me of Chanel Oberlin
it's light blue and it but like it
buttons all the way up to the collar and
the collar has ruffles going around here
I don't know if you guys saw the season
2 promo but she there's like buttons
going up and then ruffles around her
neck and that's what this reminds me of
except there's no bow to tie right here
and the sleeves are very like I don't
know what to call it there must be a
term for this but it's like banded at
the rest so it's like loose right here
it's very pretty and it has like a flowy
peplum going around where the shirt part
of the dress ends and then it's a flowy
pretty dress that goes like Midway
and it is just so beautiful reminds me
of Audrey Hepburn from Roman Holiday
meets Chanel Oberlin so it's a very very
pretty dress I also got this sheer
nightie I feel like this is like a nice
thing to wear after you get out of the
bath when you're powdering yourself or
doing your hair and last but not least I
bought these adorable gloves and they
came in the same packaging that I was
hoping it would come in it looks very
very adorable in this little flat bag
I'm going to keep them in here and these
gloves are just so pretty they look like
this they remind me of a glass Chanel
wears in the first episode I'm ready to
patina which I didn't English accent
because I feel like it would go a lot
better with my style I don't know if I'm
good at it or not there's of my UK
subscribers do you think I have a very
good impersonation I hope you guys
enjoyed this video I'm just you're
talking like a bee I hope you guys
enjoyed this video
I'm on a roll with trying to constantly
make videos for you guys on a book I'm
out but yeah that was my haul it was a
random random haul but you can look at
the links from white box down below
unfortunately when I buy things from
Shariat Marie the vintage website
they're like out of stock when I buy
them because vintage is wanted it
one-of-a-kind there's no copies of
vintage but they still have lots of
things like what I just showed you and
yeah I will link both websites table
alright love you guys
