hey guys so I'm getting ready I'm doing
my re transformation but as I was doing
my makeup I remembered that you guys
really wanted to see how I do my re
makeup so I'm going to do a makeshift
tripod for my vanity I'm gonna show you
how I do already
so here's Ariana Grande glam and I just
wanna let you guys know that yes I do
get inspired by her makeup and if
anything I'm inspired by her makeup
artist because she doesn't do this her
makeup artist does this so I'm inspired
by that but I just wanted to guys know
that I've noticed this quite a bit let
me know if you guys have noticed too but
Ariana's fan base like if anyone does
anything remotely close to anything she
is done or anything inspired and stuff
like that like they just attack and
they're like you want to be her stop
trying to be her did it
and this doesn't just apply for me
because I know a lot of you could say Oh
Gaby takes it to the other level but
like so many people will just wear their
hair half up or wear a pearl choker or
just little things like that and like
stop train if you are no - guard no
you're not ariana grande you'll never be
ariana grande go die and I'm like oh my
god like I'm reading some of the
comments people say like I don't wanna
say her whole face is like this but some
of her diehards like get really offended
when someone like wears something
inspired by her and then I'm also a part
of the love addicts and if someone god
forbid like copies a hair color of
Demi's or an eye makeup or an outfit
they they don't say oh you're trying to
be her go die they're like oh you look
great you're beautiful like I just don't
get the fan base really rude sometimes
they get so offended I know I'm probably
gonna get a lot of hate for this but I'm
just trying to be the voice for everyone
who who does get a little inspiration
from someone and I want to say like
you're not trying to be anyone if you if
you are simply doing something because
it makes you feel happy then that's you
being new I mean the moment the moment I
stop like doing my makeup like this or
being girly as the moment I'm I'm not me
anymore when like someone's is like a
little thing they're like stop trying to
be her stop you just want it like no
like maybe some people are happy
actually happy with their lives want to
be themselves but I want to get a little
inspiration from other people like I
just don't understand why some of these
kids
are so vicious I think that's the word
some of the fanbase is vicious and they
don't need to be like life is short no
need to be anything but happy and bring
other people up I don't know I'm about
to head to the celebrities in high
school shoot and yes I do play ariana
grande and I know and a lot of the
comments like of course Gaby please
Ariana Grande she just wants her life no
it only makes sense for me to play
Ariana Grande because that's who I'm
compared to all the time you know what I
mean like it would it wouldn't make
sense if we made the girl who plays Katy
Perry Ariana Grande and make me play
Katy Perry just to avoid hate like no no
it's humorous I get compared to her all
the time
and I'm embracing it whatever I don't
want to be her I love my life I'm happy
with my life and I love what I do she's
a great singer and a great role model to
some girls but I'm simply Gabby yeah
hey guys I'm currently in a Santa outfit
in July and I'm sweating so bad I'm
literally doing the 100 coats of powder
yeah 100 coats of powder boo I'm doing
that challenge right now it is so hot
there's no there's no air conditioning
there's absolutely no air conditioning
in this school every time we film
celebrities in high school there's no
air conditioning ever and this is like
the hottest and I feel like my face is
just a powder all right guys she sings
so good
I can't wait for you to see yeah she
looks exactly like her teeth and
everything shit
hey guys so it's filming filming day
part two this is a different day than
yesterday yesterday we were filming a
celebrity's video and now we're filming
another celebrity's video and it's in my
apartment actually and these are my
pajamas really clear hi mommy
she wants to get in the video she wants
to get Lilly what are you doing and we
have tons of these because we're using
them as props for this video I have
these from my sweet like candy review
but I got extra ones for this video that
we're doing for the niki and gabi
channel hi mommy
yeah you like shark no you're going to
dem no you going to learn where you want
to go
up what goes through the head of a dog
like what was the purpose of that bro
ariana grande sleepover party in this
apartment NICU looks so weird with
Taylor's makeup in no wig and Rosco look
Lana you look so interesting
hey Katie no my browser I know No leave
me alone
mm-hmm yeah yeah we got my apartment
such a mess and this is the first
experience where I'm experiencing like a
mess oh sorry so I'm having what you
call apartment anxiety just jumped out
to sniff and lick my leg
she loves Demi Hey hi mommy hi hi mommy
hi what is cool you look like a hamster
oh hi booboo so I'm sitting here at my
desk and I just realized I didn't do an
outro for this video so this is me
telling you guys I'll see you guys next
time and I'm sorry that I didn't film an
outro this is what I used to last summer
I used to film as I was editing a film
on photobooth like an apology for not
filming an outro
yep I'll see you guys next time
