hey guys I'm Aly I'm Gabi I'm nationally
and we're the baseline today we're going
to review sweet like candy so I've seen
all over like social media people are
asking what's the difference between
this fragrance the re brave X and what's
the difference between sweet like candy
first I'm going to pass around this one
and we're going to explain how that
smells so that we have something to
compare how this is attractive I smell
like
marshmallows with fruity I smell like
was he like owner that like one step
provide the body works works like
something would quietly pilot it smells
like toilet woods mixed with like sweet
berries it's mostly feeling marshmallow
Kim the packaging like prettier cute
yeah
like pastel it's pink the packaging for
this one now may I add I feel like it
could be could have been way different
yeah or this like I don't know I feel
like this was just thrown together
because like she already had this
picture out and stuff like that when the
other fragrance she had like a certain
photo shoot for it yeah it was a purple
and the pictures black and white pick it
all when I just feel like all its a big
jumble of colors I just wish they stuck
with like the pastel and Andy theme this
one's definitely lighter I can't explain
the Sun okay it's Mouse sort of like re
but with a wine and tart twist to it
why didn't are we kind of smells like in
like candy and actually reminds me of
the pear
yeah that's like the fifth mana yeah
thank goodness I like fantasy guys I
guess you're gonna have to buy it
yourself and smell it but um yeah it
definitely definitely smells difference
in all right if I had to prefer which
scent I would definitely go with this
one but they're both really amazing and
but if I had to go with the bottle I
like that one it also comes with like
another hair hair marry other singer
spray the hair mist
smells really different guys than the
actual perfume
this is stronger yeah whoa maybe fill it
dry for a second this is like extra like
okay kind of smells like the old re
spray mixed with an herb I don't know it
smells different it doesn't smell like
the actual perfume I would buy the
perfume yeah and I was definitely the
old scent better yeah this I think this
is just very like sharp like champagne
wine like nice and it kind of just
appoints me because too sweet like candy
but it's not sweet like re yeah I think
this would be a good like car scent like
if you want to like spray your our own
and in the house clean it smells good
I'm not saying it's not bad I'm just
saying like I'm not sweet it's tame it's
like tanky like good wine yeah this is
the old packaging for the old hair my
like how I've been intimated packaging
and the hair mist purple you perfume
Sonia in purple I know I just had the
pink pom pom hair tie wrapped around and
this one has the way I love this one yep
this smells like marshmallows yeah it
does so I don't know what the deal is
but if you spend over a certain amount
or if you get a certain amount of things
with the sweet like candy perfume you
get a free gift and it's a water bottle
that resembles Victoria's Secret it's
his team Ariana
that's Aikido is Regis that came with
this out
now but it was just a backpack and a
lotion and yeah it comes with super
super super comfy fuzzies you're so in
cute oh I look I like this little like
little um yeah it was like choking this
kind of red gave a Victoria Secret set
yeah packaging and get reminds me up it
just reminds me of Victoria's Secret I
thought it was pink when I first seen
Emily yeah when she first saw my camera
she's like is this Victoria's Secret
things I was like no she's on the bottle
she's like Ariane already looks cute
yeah so yeah that was it for today's
video let us know in the comments down
below if you want to see us review more
things I know we've been having so many
requests it's the Kylie Jenner lip kit
testing and I know this is just a
perfume but if there's any makeup
products or perfumes or products in
general you want to see is try out which
sound comes down below yes we love like
trying out I know
alright well not just for today we love
the guys yeah you can
