hello okay now
beautiful hey guys what's good it's
gotta be here from the closet just doing
a quick little a quick little OOTD I'm
wearing a denim Schwartz and I never
wear denim and this corseted top and a
ribbon in my hair
so I put in a new canopy guys my bed's a
mess right now and so is the daybed I
just had a sleepover with Ali and Nash
last night was hot but yeah I don't
really feel like making the bed right
now it's just gonna have to stay like
that so I get back
oh and I changed and I changed from the
shorts to the skirt because I feel like
it's girlier I felt like I wasn't as
girly so we're at my pizza right now and
we're waiting for our pizzas to be made
I got like everything but the kitchen
sink on it
you wanna just ask for everything Gabi
snitch me oh I don't like this anymore
okay now I want to get this pillow but
it is too tall short people problems I
really want to get that blue fuzzy one
right way there
so basically Ali just to go provide that
thing there's these like these weird
like animal things that you ride in a
pen and it says five dollars for five
minutes so I'm going to go by myself
and we know ask to ride one of them oh
my god I hope no one notices me
the thing's pretty fast
it plays music
oh my god yes oh my god
Gary get ah
Oh
he carries out
oh my god
this is the amount of degrees it is
today I don't even understand like I've
been sitting in my car with like I've
been trying to get the air to like work
but it's still really hot in the car
we've been sitting apart for a long time
this is what I do when it's 106 degrees
and the car will not work
I mean the car will not pull off it
really happens I guess
she literally looks over and spraying my
armpits with the Ahri hair mist
I have this in my car just because like
my my car something good but and when
it's these kind of days like I shaft
till I dropped and I'm gonna do a haul
as you guys I'm going on tour soon and I
needed a lot of like lounging clothes
because obviously I'm not going but I'm
not going to want to be dressed up all
the time so a lot of my dressy clothes
are gonna be when I'm wearing on stage
actually I'm wearing like costume like
dressy clothes because it's a
performance so it's got to be costume
I'm gonna show you some of my outfits
the first place I went to was airy and
I'm wearing this pyjama dress it reminds
me of Wendy and I loved it so much it's
comfortable I just don't take a nap
right now but I'm just gonna go really
fast because there's a lot I got this
adorable blue bra that's like silky and
peri my goal and there's lace and it's a
push up it's cute then I got this cream
tank top and I got these cute pajamas
short I then got this romper which is
like a total beach dress I'm going to
the beach all day tomorrow it ties up to
the back I didn't know if this was a
bando or a sports bra but either way
it's cute and I would wear it as either
or I got this adorable
bando that I would definitely wear under
something like this it is so cute I also
got another tank top because you could
ever run out of those when you're on to
one and then I got another tank top and
this pig a white bando and this is the
next thing I bought it's another muffin
they also are starting to sell this cool
thing called high-waisted underwear and
I'm like what's the purpose of that what
could you wear that with and I guess
high-waisted shorts and skirts and stuff
but they were saying like a lot of
people like to wear them to bed because
they're not comfy so I got this and I
this and I got this that I want to paint
first thing I thought where he's
adorable like knee-high socks that are
like blue I love like blue if you guys
can't tell it comes with gray ones too
but they're not nearly as high as a
knee-high so they're super cute and then
it comes with the red ones got free
lanyard then I got um hip shorts because
I'm not a fuchsia shade of a
high-waisted shorts anymore
these are they cut off style like then I
also got another what I think would be a
cute Beach outfit and it's like an
oversized t-shirt I got this in a medium
because it's that cute it's great with
the blue on it also and on the back it
says lit major pink so I guess the
college line is out now and then I got
another oversized t-shirt which is pink
where I got this pretty pretty sports
bra and I just love Victoria's Secret
guys then I went to a Chanel counter
my answer is like I don't have an answer
this is all I've been using to clear my
face for so long this and lush like to
go back and forth and this is what I
like to use to wash my face in the
shower because I use the lush one like I
wash my face before better when I wake
up but in the shower I like to use
something a little heavier and that's
why I got this Chanel exfoliant cleanser
and then I was running out of my toner
so I got my pink toner I got the
nighttime serum I wanted to try
something new out
I have Lesure and I use that in the
morning and then I want to use this one
at night as a moisturizer this is like a
lighter version of a moisturizer for
those have combo skin or oily stay and
of course I wanted to try out the new
Chanel lip plumper I went to Windsor my
sticky bra and on my thighs
item I see so hopefully this fit this is
for tour I don't know why guys like I
pulled the Nikki I stumbled upon this
shirt and I'm like this is you and I
don't know if it's because I blonde hair
now that I think army print would look
cute on me but I'm just like yo like
this look cute like a baseball cap or
something I don't know I'm weird
oh good boy bye cool oh and I got a
blanket smash I don't know if this is
the end of my vlog yet but I'm gonna go
take issue
