to help my skin look fresh and glowy I'm
going to be using my pixie skin treats
milky serum before applying any base
makeup I'm then going to go in and use
my Maybelline Dream velvet foundation
this foundation is very very velvety and
it's very delicate to the face and it
looks very rich and luminous it's also
very super affordable and as you guys
know there is no price for beauty and
there certainly is no price to be a
princess I'm then going to go under my
eyes with my instant age rewind
concealer in the lightest shade and I'm
going to be using this as a highlight in
the places that it's needed
and for the contour I will be using my
covergirl trublend contour palette these
bronzers are very creamy so they're very
easy to apply
and now I'm just going back with my
foundation and cleaning up the contour
for my highlighter I will be using my
Physicians Formula translucent pearl I'm
so glad I discovered this because this
is a dupe for many many highlighters
that are sold in Sephora I am now
contouring my nose with my same bronzer
that I used as my contour on my cheek
now I'm just going to go in and blend
everything together with a damp Beauty
Blender to help give everything a dewy
finish
for my lips I use the exposed lipliner
by Kylie cosmetics and I use that to
fill in all of my lips I then go in with
my Mac lip liner called spice and I use
that color to contour the outer edges of
my lips since I already filled it in
with lip liner I know it's weird but
that's how I contour my lips and then I
go over top of all of that with my yl
lipstick in the shade
two and three not only does it smell
amazing but it is very sheer and it's
shimmery and it is a beautiful shade of
pink it is just so lovely and now I'm
just going in and touching up my
eyebrows with a NYX eyebrow pencil
for my eyeshadow I am using Mac's sweet
heat and this color is very very pretty
it looks like fairy dust it is so so so
pearly white and opalescent and I just
love this very very princessy or
delicate look I'm done lightly going
into my crease with a Mac blending brush
using the bronzer I used earlier this
look is definitely not dramatic so I
purchased a brown instead of black
eyeliner and I'm using my Maybelline
stiletto liner to create a wing on the
outer half of each of my eyes and make
sure that the wings are very slight and
not dramatic this look is very different
from the typical wing I usually do and
now I am using my lash blast covergirl
waterproof mascara
rather than using full strips of lashes
on each eyes I cut off the ends of my
favorite Vegas nail ashes which you can
buy at Target and I'm gluing the ends
onto each of my eyes to help give a
wispy effect now I'm going over my
t-zone area with my pixie flawless
finishing powder and I'm going over on
top of my cheekbones where I would
usually bake my face to help set in the
highlight this powder is very soft and
angelic and I personally think this is a
beautiful way to finish this look
you
and now I'm just going over my face with
my Urban Decay setting spray now it's on
to the hair and for princess hair I
always think of just long locks very
softly brushed hair so I'm just touching
up random pieces of my hair with a
curling iron and curling it outward very
unselect pieces just all over the place
and then of course I'm going to miss
myself with a very shimmery body mist
from Victoria's Secret that smells
absolutely heavenly
now of course it's on to the wardrobe
and today I have a few pics that I'm
picking out and I'm unsure of what I'm
going to wear today so I'm going to show
you guys my options all of the dresses
that you are seeing are from des allcom
and I hope I'm pronouncing it right but
it is a lovely website with a ton of
vintage e and shabby chic options
there's a lot of t dresses and princessy
gowns on this website all of these
dresses will be linked down below
