so I'm super pissed off right now
because
hey guys so I'm currently in a limo with
Kenny because we're extra hell and we're
going to New Jersey to go shopping and
we are meeting up with just garnish if
you guys haven't seen my previous vlogs
we're finding out with cabs children and
we go on vacations and stuff like that
well she's one of them and she looks
actually relatively close so I'm like
there's no excuse why we can't get these
fun little shopping trip so sorry if I
sound congested I'm just like getting
sick again because it's that time of
year and like everyone was sick on New
Year's and I was hanging around with all
these sick people so if I have been a
little bit of a stuffy nose
I am so sorry guys like oh I can't
breathe this is the ox like dangling you
look so cute right now we are with jazz
and we're going into Tiffany oh my god I
love it guys look at this oh my gosh so
guys this is a throw blanket from
Tiffany's and then look at all this like
dog stuff I feel like I want to spoil
Billy but I low key thing like I'd be
rude if I just gave her a bowl that says
dog oh my diva like Audrey oh my god
Oh Mia jazz just got friendship rings
they're so cute they have like the
Tiffany's T on it that wraps around and
rose gold but the ring itself is silver
oh so we're in a designer consignment
store and there's like Burberry and
Prada I don't know where to start so I
want to go shop and then I'll keep you
updated if I get anything get this
Chanel blazer this is a statement piece
oh my gosh Yoshio jacket so I just
bought a machine Oh bag and it's in here
but I was debating on getting this
Chanel bag and you guys probably saw it
on my snapchat I just put it on my
snapchat but like this is the bag with
no purpose and I wanted it so bad and I
stood here for five minutes trying to
think about what could I use this for
like what purpose could I buy this for
it came with like a travel set probably
we're all assuming it's just super long
way too long to use it's like a shopping
bag like when you go to the mall with
friends and it's too small to be a
sleepover bag it's like in perspective
to other bags like let's put it right
here like it's too small to be a duffle
bag it's like a good carry-on bag but as
you guys remember I can't fly for some
good time because of my steroids from my
allergic reaction oh I don't know I
couldn't buy it but it's really pretty
so it deserves to be in a fancy blog so
here you go
so this is what the bag looks like
against me so I think it's very awkward
and shaped like but I wouldn't be able
to go in public like shopping with this
because it's just too long but it's so
cute if it were like just a little bit
longer for like a sleepover bag but if
it was a little bit shorter like cut off
maybe two inches on either side it would
be the perfect like cute little daytime
bag you know what I mean like go out
bring it to run errands put your stuff
in it whatever I'm done talking about
the bag is no purpose we're in the limo
it was so hot in here the AC wasn't
working we were really gonna hotbox
so I like ran over to justice window
Italy and now I'm saying hi to random
people
if we pass random people like I'm gonna
say hi to them again that was funny they
were Toria these are like juicy track
seeds I feel like where are we thank you
so I'm super pissed off right now
because I see you I saw we got out of a
limo and we're in Applebee's but as soon
as we walk in the like hostess or
whatever she's like where are you coming
from she was like we're gonna Kenny in
his bling and ESCO and dressed up thank
you ya know as you guys heard like
there's nice people in this world our
waitress is actually real cool but
anyways we got into Applebee's and the
hostess is like where are you coming
from and I'm like I was like you could
tell us stuttering I didn't know what to
say cuz we were just shopping honestly
that's all we were doing yeah like I
like to do nice thing I never seen jazz
and like hoesley gets special let's take
a limo you know she lives like far away
I didn't feel like driving I didn't want
I don't have to explain myself to anyone
so when she asked me where did you guys
come from like my first response was a
family party I like it it's like I
always feel ashamed of myself
it was so awkward and one of the waiters
was like come on seek them like just
because we got out of a limo he's in fur
and based off it like how we're dressed
and stuff so I'm just like and I turned
around in front over in front of
everyone I was like did you see we just
did I was like why did he say that why
did he do it like that and he kind of
swirled
whatever he saw me say like I was like
what was that all about
you know I said what was that all about
no what's that guy the one with the
muscles in the short hair that's who I
thought it was you should get them he's
like staring at us
I just felt really uncomfortable was
like super awkward they were all like
staring at us so uncomfortable I want to
get him on camera
right now he and all that nice old lady
eyebrow so don't go way back super
uncomfortable hey guys so I'm back at my
apartment and I am with ya and with
Wendy my hamster
you guys loved colby and god bless her
soul we miss her so much but wendy is
just as fun she's so lovable she's so
squishy and fuzzy and she loves to like
be handled I don't know a lot of
hamsters that like getting out of their
cage and just exploring like she does I
thought she's gonna go down my
sweatshirt oh look at this little
chubster look at her focus on her face
here we go this is Wendy why do hamsters
like plop all the stuff it these are her
little leg ease look Nick Nick Nick
I don't understand how some people are
scared of hamsters or mice I think
they're so cute all right I want to put
her back I went shopping today and I'm
gonna do a haul after we left that like
designer store we went to a Tori secret
before we went to Applebee's so I'm
gonna do a little haul hey guys so
obviously I did a little shopping so I
told you as me to honk at that designer
consignment store where we were looking
at the Chanel bag with no purpose I did
actually end up buying a bag and it's
this Moschino bag it's so cute it has a
long strap too I think this is a cute
like clubbing bag like going out with
friends I don't know it's like this is
adorable
I love it so much then just gave me a
Christmas present and it's this adorable
rose gold Ted Baker clutch and it has a
chain inside that's rose gold so this
chain connects to the other side
and you can use this clutch as a purse
as well it looks like this I love it so
much like a rose gold bow and this is
blush it's like a rose gold blush is the
whole thing that's just so cute so two
bags and then I went to Tiffany's
obviously you saw that I got my ring
and then I went to Victoria's Secret Hey
so a Victoria Secret pink the first
thing I got was this Tiffany blue water
bottle because I've been working out a
lot lately and I'm so sick of going out
and buying water bottles I just want to
get a Brita filter and like fill this up
I got this medium sized sweatshirt that
says pink on it and I get in medium
because like I want it to be super big
and baggy and it looks like this and the
sleeves have like rose gold words on it
it says pink obviously and this is like
army green I love army green with my
light hair I also got a bunch of
leggings because I always run out of
leggings like I lose them everywhere I
go I think I'm leaving them in my LA
apartment and then I got a workout shirt
that says run like an angel and got
another workout shirt that says train
like an angel and then I got a shirt
that's wine colored and it says pink on
it it's a thermal and the sleeves are
super baggy and I think I got this in a
medium yeah I got this in a medium so
that it fits super big and yeah I think
that's all I got let me check the bag oh
and I got an iPhone X I'm kidding I put
my phone in the shopping bag I guess but
yeah so I'm gonna get on ready I'm gonna
get ready for bed and I guess I'll take
you guys with me while I get I'm ready
hey guys so I just gotten ready for you
and Colin Mike and Kenny are in the
living room ever to go join them so I am
here with my egg Colin Colin got a
haircut and you look super cute and
again me Kendall so that was it for
today's fancy vlog I don't know how long
it's gonna be
but I hope it's long I've been on a roll
with these long vlogs let me know in the
comments down below what you want to see
my next fancy vlog Chanel is going to be
arriving in town the day after tomorrow
and I'll probably be vlogging that I
know you guys like when she nails in my
vlogs also she's gonna be in town for
like five days she's probably gonna be
in more than one fancy vlog and yeah
stay tuned I'm excited for what's to
come
I love you guys so much and I will be
seeing you guys in my neck a fantasy
vlog bye
