hey guys it's Gabby so today's a little
unique video I haven't done a baking
video since 2013 on the niki and gabi
channel but now that I got my new place
and I don't have a super dark kitchen
like I used to have at home and now that
I get to buy my own pastel cute little
vintage baking tools and bowls and
plates I decided I'm going to start
making some baking videos here and there
and I just want to let you guys know I
gave some vegan alternatives for this
recipe I'm not going to get into that
topic right now in this video but yeah
here's a different kind of video for you
guys I hope you enjoy them so today I'm
going to start this recipe off with half
a cup of butter slightly softened you
could use any butter of your profit you
are vegan you can replace this option
with purity Farms ghee clarified butter
or some olive oil buttery spread next
you will need a 1/4 cup of sugar and
then with your Kitchen Aid you want to
blend these two ingredients together
you're then going to want to add 1 in
1/4 cup of all-purpose flour
and then you're going to go in with your
KitchenAid and mix this flour in with
your mixture will then be adding a 1/4
teaspoon of almond extract and then
after that we're going to add in four
teaspoons of multicolored nonpareils
after you have added in all your
ingredients you're going to want to mix
this mixture with a Kitchen Aid or
spatula and so you get a cookie dough
like texture before I place this on my
board I'm going to use a spatula to kind
of push it together into one big moist
piece so that it's easier to spread out
and now you're going to begin rolling
out your dough piece while rolling the
Stowe piece out you want to make sure
that this dough is resembling the shape
of the square because then you're going
to take a spatula or knife and cut off
the edges to help it make more of a
square shape
now you're going to slice it evenly with
three lines horizontally and then you
want to do several lines vertically to
help create this little checkerboard
setup which is the shape that we want
the cookies to be these cute little
squares so I'm just cutting off the
excess because it kind of looks like
rectangles on the other end and this is
what it should look like before you
place it in the oven for 320 degrees for
20 minutes this is what your treat
should look like they are so adorable
and awesome with tea they are amazing to
make if you're going to have a tea party
or have guests over I just love when you
dunk these in tea and they get very
moist on the end and yes this is how you
make fairy bites alright guys so that
was my first recipe video for this
channel let me know in the comments down
below if you enjoyed it or if you want
to see more baking videos and also let
me know if you're interested in like
tutorials and stuff because I'm totally
open and down to do tutorials again but
I just wanna let you guys know this is
still a vlog Channel I just like putting
a little extra on this channel just
because I want you guys to see a little
bit more of like me and less like
commercialized
um staged scripted videos so that's it
for today though you guys
