all right guys so as you guys know I
have my own little getaway in Bethlehem
VA and I just got my chairs for my table
and they are absolutely stunning they
are so princessy they remind me of like
the Grand Floridian in Disneyworld I
love them but I was like a cream kind of
theme but Lilly's dog bed I got her
sniffing E & Co and Jessica texted me
this and I was like oh my god I need to
buy her this so yeah I got this like
cool lamp thingy up here imports but it
doesn't stand still and I'm going with
like a lot of creams and stuff over here
and my vintage apron and some wine or
champagne glasses on the gun antique try
thing and I just got this piece
yesterday to put under the TV so today I
think I'm gonna go antique shopping
because as you guys know if I have my
own place and stuff I'm gonna want some
antique decor I mean already up a ton of
it here so far but I'm going to say
showing you guys all that when I have my
apartment tour because I'm still holding
off on that because clearly I'm not done
furnishing um but yeah I'm excited to go
antique shopping and I'll be doing a Q&A
later in this video because clearly we
have some catching up to do
so I went shopping obviously these are
from what I bought yesterday at Kohl's
and I'll show you guys that but over
here is like I went vintage shopping and
I want to show you guys all of this
before I get started I just want to show
you guys these adorable your most I got
off of a
I mean obviously I love scream queens
and they're preparing for this season
too
and I saw a link to a woman on Etsy who
makes them for the show so I ordered
them for myself I understand a lot of
comments about wow this girl's too
obsessed with the show
there first of all there is no such
thing as being too obsessed the TV show
I think almost everyone in their entire
life obsesses of the TV show and this
one just happens to be it but I'm going
to show you guys what I buy ok so I'm
going to be doing this hall standing up
because my camera perfectly fits on my
closet island there's like a perfume
table and fits right on there so it's
gonna be a little different so the first
things I'm going to show you but I was
the ground I'll pick them up but um
they're from the vintage shop so the
first shop I went to actually that's
where this box is from and the second
vintage shop I went to dis boxes from
but the first vintage shop I went to was
more like an antique mall and had a like
anything and everything in there and a
doll came inside this box and I was
pretty like pink tissue paper and it's
powder blue and powder pink and I love
decorating with like with boxes and
stuff and hat boxes I feel like they
make cute little like deck like deck or
one-night stands or shelving so I like
this and like I like the idea of
creeping out some of the pink tissue
paper I also got this octagon-shaped hat
box
it was very girly like Victoria's Secret
ish I got this at the vintage dress shop
it wasn't like the antique mall where I
got this
now as you guys know I did move into my
own apartment so I did get some like
house where stuff and this blush-colored
tablecloth completely caught my eye had
really pretty damask metallic looking
designs and I loved how it was flash
it's like real peachy pink and light is
delicate and I love this color I also
got the cutest little picture it's like
one of those antique design pictures I
never see pictures like this anywhere
that's why I stay in teak because
they're only in antique shops but the
design and artwork is absolutely
beautiful and it goes to the tablecloth
and it just sits I don't know if you
guys can see it but it just sits like
this like halfway it is just so cute so
I guess that the next things I bought at
the antique dress shop are these pointed
toe cream-colored pumps with the gold
inside they're very like old Hollywood
glam and I went along and bought this
old Hollywood glam robe looking jacket
I think I'll bring this jacket on tour
it's like a real costumey piece I would
not mind wearing this on stage every
night I love it it's so mean oh it's the
ear muffs it's so scream queens ah okay
so the next outfit I bought at the
antique dress shop where this adorable I
don't even know if it's going to show
the full thing I can move it this down a
little bit this adorable dress they
called this the Paulina dress and it's
really tight around here and it has a
bow and it's lace and it looks like an
alpha a doll would wear it's absolutely
adorable and the neckline isn't look it
isn't high by any means it's really
flattering it shows your collarbones but
it also is fitting and then ties real
tightly around under your butt
into this pretty little thing looks like
a tea dress I absolutely love this and
the next thing I bought there is this
champagne blush colored robe let me just
show you guys what this thing looks like
on because it doesn't do justice without
wearing it fits like a dress like an
actual dress how cute it's like super
flowy
hmm I can't like it's just so pretty
but this one over here would probably
wear it is not zipped up all the way
like this I feel like this is the cutest
little dressing room I've ever seen on
the next few things I got are going to
be from Kohl's and the reason why I'm
going to show you what I got from Kohl's
is because I know a lot of you guys are
girly girls in like the light pastel
vintage kind of look and a lot of people
are asking me well I don't have a
vintage shop by me where do you find
these places and I'm not trying to sell
poles onto you by any means
I haven't shopped at Kohl's in forever
but I just happen to stop in there since
now I have my own place and I'm trying
to budget myself and find some hardware
for the house and stuff like that but I
stumbled upon so many cute things there
and this is just genuinely coming from
my heart I'm literally not sponsored by
any means I I was amazed what I found at
Kohl's so I found this what looks like
an antique dishcloth it's really really
light pink and it has the same
old-fashioned dot dotted pattern that
you would find on an old-fashioned towel
it is so pretty and then use this in my
powder room another one is so pretty
these are so pretty I just can't wait to
set them up they look very antique now
for those of you guys who don't who
didn't know this Juicy Couture is now
being sold and Kohl's that's where this
oversized t-shirts from it has like gold
sparkles on it I got a v-neck lavender
shirt it looks like it could be sold at
like Victoria's Secret it is so cute
this is Juicy Couture as well and then I
also bought an oversized version of this
so that I can wear it like a dress but
it's a plain taupe colored oversized
t-shirt and it has real sparkly rose
gold detailing along the
along the I can't say words just really
pretty good rose gold detailing and I'm
going through a really big obsession
with rose gold and this whole outfit is
so I was like I must buy this and
believe it or not this is also from
Kohl's
people just try to be jamming next to my
place
so I got this adorable robe at Kohl's
and this is something I would also find
at any antique shop I don't know what it
was doing it cold but I do believe it
was in like the bridal section so you
might want to step into the bridal
section you just might be hooked up a
little weird
and tada another row these are the next
top I bought was part of the Lauren
Conrad can a part of the Lauren Conrad
collection and it has a collar and it
ties right here I was like the most
adorable velvet peter pan collar and I'm
having a real velvet velvet obsession I
like solely wanted to go in there
because I heard the Lauren Conrad
collection was my style and it is like
how cute like go out for lunch at tea
and last but not least I got the most
adorable Juicy Couture clutch first of
all if you guys didn't know this from my
scream queens night routine my entire
room is light baby blue light pink and
lavender and this bag has all the colors
on it
this is Juicy Couture
and it has like a strap with this
metallic beautiful pink detailing and I
don't know it's just I love pastels I
absolutely love pastels and I'm obsessed
with this I'm so happy I found this and
I'm about to go back to Kohl's and shop
more with their Juicy Couture stuff
because they're pastel stuff is just fun
it's bomb that's all I got
oh wait a second bye bedroom okay so I
know you guys have to see this I got my
Audrey Hepburn picture and someone got
it for me
someone you guys have been seen on
snapchat and I'm really happy with it
and I'm so thankful that I have someone
in my life who loves me so much there
she is hi guys so a lot of you guys have
been asking me questions I actually
tweeted out for the first time in
forever uh I'm having a Q&A and the
hashtag is ask Abby so I'm just going to
go through random ones that I find in
this hashtag I'm going to be answering a
lot of questions so the first question
what do you to be happy what do you
never they're probably saying what do
you do to be happy and one of the main
things I do is I go vintage shopping or
antique shopping and I don't just do it
to shop or spend money sometimes I'll
just go and look at things because any
time I look at antiques or anything
vintage it makes me remember that the
world like keeps going and even though I
exist now there were people that existed
then and they had a different way of
doing things so it's very therapeutic to
me because I look at things and I'm like
wow this was so creative look what they
made but look at like where we are now
it's very therapeutic to
and another thing you guys don't know
about me is that I love dolls and I
never grew out of that phase and I love
Barbies and a lot of them are there and
I just love going and looking at the
pretty hair and the pretty dresses on
them and it just makes me feel happy and
like a little girl
why Gaby what do you like to do when
you're not hanging out with friends or
family I love to like do arts and crafts
I love to like have a day where I plan
I'm going to make this shirt if I see it
like on tumblr and I don't know where to
buy it say it's like a corset top and it
has like feathers right here and then
right stones down here oh my god want
this so bad I will literally buy
something at Goodwill that resembles it
for a vintage shop and go ham and go to
Michael's and build an outfit yeah the
options saw this in one of my earlier
bogs I made Valentino shoes because at
the time I couldn't afford those
Valentino shoes and I really wanted a
pair so I found shoes a goodwill they
looked just like the shape and
everything all I needed were the studs
and I went one by one with a glue gun
included on studs so I like doing arts
and crafts I love to paint and I really
really love making mood boards oh my
gosh I love making my boards they really
like I'll go through so many mood boards
and I'll be like wait this house this is
much time is past like I'll sit there on
my laptop save my favorite things from
tumblr and then recreate a bunch of them
and it's just I have so much fun with it
and match them with clothes why Gabby's
do you use false lashes if you do which
ones yes today's my birthday happy
birthday Liv and I used to have eyelash
extensions until I realized they made by
eyes droop and every time I'd get them
off my real lashes would be stubs
thankfully my real lashes have grown so
long lately
sometimes when I'll be on snapchat and
stuff people will think those are
eyelash extensions but they're my real
lashes and right now I have the ends cut
off of the double-sided Ardell whispies
and I just stick the ends on the ends of
an
to make a cat I so I don't necessarily
need wind eyeliner to make a cat eye if
that makes sense but a lot of what goes
on here is what I already have like I
don't know how I grew my eyelashes so
long I really didn't do anything I mean
I started eating carrots more um what's
your favorite makeup trend this year
hashtag why Gaby um I have to say
highlight on fleek I love me some
highlight I mean
contouring like so hard it's messy and
like it takes forever to get it
perfected but I love highlight even when
I'm not wearing like a contour anything
I just love highlight here highlight
here highlight here have it here
highlight here I just love highlight and
I highly I love highlight with gloss
like a glowy look I used to be all into
like the matte lips and stuff until my
lips start getting super crusty from the
lip kits and I just I love the smell of
the lip kits they really dry out your
lips what's life like in Beslan cam
asked me this by Gabby hi cam Lichtman
Bethlem like the uber says is amazing I
love life here and I never want to like
leave here I know what I do requires
moving to LA or moving to New York but
you know what I'm gonna try to be the
first one to make all this possible
living from here okay here's a question
hashtag why Gabby you and Brandon were
together in October 2015
but you and Colin are seen together July
of 2015 what happened um obviously I'm
not going to get into details here I
mean there are some things that I keep
to myself you know I have a personal
life too and as much as I want to share
with you guys even though that is
something that you guys will pick up on
um I will say that I'm human too and
humans go on breaks humans don't just
break up they go on and off and on and
off and sometimes in between them off
you come across people that change your
life like that's the easiest way I can
put it like no one looks at a life as
like a map and this is going to
and this chung-kai was this and this
check out is that when you're my age and
you're 21 years old and you're in
college like life is bumps it's bumps
and there's phases and I just don't have
an answer because as a 21 year old my
life has been like the last year and my
life changed a mile a minute with my job
and my personal life and yeah that's the
best way I can answer this yeah straight
boards alright well that the last
question of why Gaby I will finish more
why daddy's at the end of my blogs
coming up because there's seen some
funny questions but I love you guys that
was today's vlog mmm
