good evening flop
community my name is Gabby and I'm the
queen of the squad No
No
these are my minions I don't know who
they really are I don't care to know who
they really are but they are known as my
B Squad there's also another member but
she lives all the way in Dallas she's
always like I live in Dallas safe to go
home and I'm like no stay but she goes
home anyway one time we all made this
video with Kylie Jenner lip kits and
ended up on Kylie's snapchat story a lot
of people talk smack about how squads
are exclusive and they're a class system
well guess what life is a class system
and as far as the one place left in the
world where you get to pick and choose
the people around you think you should
have basic let's sit here and take off
all her makeup but I refuse to do that I
mean like no one can see what I look
like I like to sleep knowing I look
pretty people are all hung up about
getting ripped but after my latest
procedure I don't think that will happen
to a face like mine the other girls
follow and keep their makeup on too even
though it doesn't really matter for them
like it does for me but I do this they
usually sit on the couch and watch
themselves on TV because why not now
everybody gets hungry at night but we
all know that's the absolute worst time
to eat because the food will stick to us
and then well what ends up at thunder
thighs so instead of eating I pour
several glasses of water zero calories
of course I poured two glasses because I
can't drink the rather obvi I cannot
gain water weight so then we all head to
bed in our dear robes they have separate
rooms of course but when I'm feeling
nice I'll put the minions in my guest
bed so consider me in a good mood
tonight before I fell asleep I were to
go on Instagram to make sure I'm keeping
up with my image I have the other girls
do the same thing as well while I do
this and we all check our accounts
because we have a serious image to
maintain
you
we all usually go to bed at the same
time because I like to make sure their
sleep schedule is on the same time as
mine good night what that's right you
heard me
good night sluts what was that
