hey guys so you probably all have been
wondering where I've been and the answer
is I've done what's mine Donny and you
guys have seen my nonny in a lot of
videos before but this is her again for
those of you who have not seen her this
is where I get my vintage charm from
yeah she's just like me anything but any
what you want to say uh I'm just like
her correction I'm just like her okay
yes she is and I'm thrilled and she
always looks so pretty and hahaha I love
her outfit and go crazy over the shoes
and I hope she doesn't break her neck
all right guys so I'm gonna update you
um there's a few light updates that I
haven't updated you guys on and the
reason why I haven't is because it's
just like so hard to touch on some
subjects when your life is so public and
you don't know how people are going to
handle things first things first
you guys always always ask me how look
what's my relationship status and as of
right now like there's like so much I
want to tell you guys but I'm not going
to say things until like I'm ready
because the moment I release any kind of
information is the moment everyone just
goes crazy and people get hey people get
love I don't know but I'm not ready to
deal with it emotionally right now but
it's gonna happen soon we're like I just
update everyone on that part of my life
but for right now I'm pretty focused on
like the tour and everything I just want
to let you guys know there was a fourth
of July beach trip with my family and I
didn't end up going
I was with my grandparents for a good
part of that because first of all I'm
going to miss them when I go on tour and
second of all I'm really really close
with them and although I love my family
so much I see them all the time and I
rather utilize that time to be with them
then like give myself a vacation but
being with them is equivalent to being
on vacation I love them so much
another update is you guys don't
understand how nervous I am for the tour
now you guys know that I battle anxiety
and I have a history of just like always
being anxious
like that those you who follow my
Twitter and I'll put the my Twitter here
you want to follow me I have a really
really really bad case of anxiety I mean
I can't remember one time I didn't have
like an anxiety freak out before
something huge this tour is probably one
of the biggest things I will ever be
doing and I'm look working myself up
over it because it's going to be a
really long time period I'm going to be
away from the people I love it's really
scary because I've never like lived on a
bus before I've never traveled to so
many places in such little time and I'm
just like I'm terrified like you guys
don't understand like this summer I've
emotionally been a little lost and like
upset because it's hard for me to enjoy
the summer knowing that I'm gonna be
gone for like a huge chunk of it away
from all my friends who are in college
that are home and stuff like that but I
am so excited to meet all you guys I'm
so excited to see all your faces and
that's what keeps pushing me is like
just picturing looking at you guys
and looking at your faces and hugging
you guys like I'm holding on to that
that's what's pushing me through this
nervous breakdown of that I'm having I
don't know I just feel like that's a
huge thing I'm it I'm leaving out from
you guys and that you don't know about
me is that I'm so nervous I'm terrified
and I just like want everything to go
well and hopefully it will and for those
of you guys wondering another update I'm
in my claws at my new closet yeah yep
I'm still in the process of like
decorating it but another life update
like I said what you guys know that I
used to live at college last year but
still live at home because like
obviously like I film at home so I'm had
to move out of that townhouse because
junior year junior year was over and
everyone from my school got apartments
and stuff and like I needed that little
place to run to and after we had to move
out of our townhouse I felt like I was
just stuck at home at 21 years old and
you know there's only so many rules at
home like my parents are
full-time doctors and I respect them so
much but they're always like nope you're
not allowed to have even one friend over
for one hour because we work all week
and like yeah Spanish Italian parents
like they're going to be strict you know
but I just like I felt like I needed a
space like where I could express myself
a little more because as you guys know
like my room was so so cluttered because
that was my only space I could really
decorate as mine and then I made a
vintage room downstairs in my bedroom at
home and my vintage room downstairs look
untouched that's how much crap I had so
um I decided to bring a little bit of my
life
into another location and I'm excited to
share it with you guys and no I'm not
separating myself from Nikki all our
videos will continue to still be filmed
at my house at home I still call it my
house this may be my apartment and Nikki
hasn't moved out yet but this is my
place if Nikki's going to move out I
think she's going to get her place or
something but we're not gonna like fully
live it we still whip together with our
parents this is just a place I can run
to and call mine yeah my god this is
like the biggest update ever I'm really
excited to show you guys this is a
little preview I was inspired by
Chanel's closet from scream queens I
still need a lot of stuff to like
decorate this with but this is the
beginning of it and I'm so so excited to
show you guys the rest of my new plays
ah my blog channel isn't just to show
you guys hey I'm drinking Starbucks and
I'm running around with my friends like
my vlog channel is to show you guys the
real me because you can only see so much
on the niki and gabi channel and I want
that friendship barrier with you guys
you're gonna have to just know
everything I'm thinking and feeling hey
guys so armlet again yeah we just did
our hair and makeup and stuff but
this is going to be my closing for the
vlog today today was just like an update
after dude everyone on everything but
yeah the next blog that I'm gonna be
making his candy lookbook with Ali and
Nash and it's gonna be pretty cute but
yeah guys this is my bed that I'm in
right now so it's so comfy and girly and
you swash there's a there's a second bed
in my room and it's like a daybed cuz I
always have friends sleep over so yeah
it's like College literally
yeah I'm still furnishing everything but
I showed them my closet
oh really mm-hmm yeah so we're excited
to take our video for you guys I love
you so much and I'll see
