beautiful
you
Oh
you
hey guys it's day one for VidCon and
today we have a meet and greet which
we're all ready for and then we have a
panel with a bunch of twin um so this is
my outfit I don't know it just reminds
me of a dressier robe and it's gold
goldish bronze and it's silky and then
I'm wearing a bra underneath and then
I'm wearing my new over-the-knee
black boots they have like that heel
were like it's mirrored or it's like
discolored or clear I have the mirrored
one and I'm obsessed with the style
lately so we are currently in the car on
the way to our meetup s√©rgio doing say
hives for my vlog in our security car
hey guys so we are on our way to go get
dinner with our manager and our team
which is like our agents and stuff and
this is Sergey he took really good care
of us
sorry to vlog the panel there's like a
little incident but we're safe
everything's fine
I brought you to those who showed up for
us oh my gosh there's the wash there's a
wash
hey guys it's VidCon day two and this is
my outfit I'm wearing like this navy
blue dress romper thing and I'm wearing
navy blue shoes and um they're all from
wait were they from crap
oh but there's just like my bathing
suits casual hanging out behind me but
these are from ASOS and then I was just
like you know I'm feeling like the
Hilary Duff red lips so that's what I
did and I did like a Hilary Duff
inspired hairstyle from you know I mean
you guys probably I don't know if you
know who she is or not fit anyways all
right we should go you know we're about
to go to our what are we going to is it
the MTV meeting right now
whoa Tina vogue meeting or interview oh
yeah we're going to a team boys go to an
interview and then NCAA interview and we
have to get to the other building and
get in the shuttle so I'll see you guys
later bye
you
you
okay so guys Nikki are back in the room
relaxing and there's this group chat
that Nikki did Nikki didn't know on
Instagram that when you open it like
they can see well that you're reading it
and if he opens a group chat like oh my
god Nikki reddit Nikki read it and then
Nikki was like Gabi you open it now
another offering out like oh my god oh
my god Gabi's reading this please like
now got a JP - oh wait I crying so hard
like Nikki say hi we love it they're
like okay Aaron calm down it's wait till
they answer
Nikki say hi everybody she read it again
everyone's like please respond Gabby she
says oh my god she saw oh my god I think
oh my god oh my god wait where is it
what when I open it was funny when I go
in the group chop they're really
freaking outside a picture yeah Gabi
Gabi Gabi I'm gonna say
vlogging this guy's you're so cute so
Nikki and Alicia went to the Instagram
lounge to get some super cute pics but
I'm just a little tired and I felt like
just being a little more personal on my
blog so okay let's have the boob job
guys
we all know I'm flat okay we all know
this it's established it was established
like a long time ago when I started
YouTube so yes I know I wasn't really
blessed here I won't get a boob job I'm
not like into that because I like the
more natural look and I personally think
like embracing naturally like hair is in
style right now so I'm happy about that
but I've been getting a lot a lot a lot
of questions about ever since the work
from home video came out like how do you
make your boobs look push-up or just
simply flattering in swimsuits so I do
have some swimsuits with me in my
suitcase because I am in LA and I want
to show you guys like my tips and tricks
to how did how I dress myself in
swimsuits when I'm flat if that even
makes sense
so the huh let me see which swimsuit I
brought okay so here are my swimsuits
look what I'm doing for you guys
so okay my number one tip and trick is
to buy a bikini top that has like a big
bow or like a big design on it like this
and maybe even like a high-waisted
bottom to go with it so that the focal
point is on this thing so it's going to
look like not only that you have boobs
but it's going to look very distracting
to the flat chest now there's nothing
wrong with flat chest guys I'm just just
letting you know so these are my tricks
so this is bathing suit example one
beating suit example two and I will just
show you this this is like one of my
favorite ones it looks very like
Egyptian and cute
another high-waisted set I'm absolutely
obsessed with high-waisted bikinis this
summer but a swimsuit with cups now my
boobs do not fill out these cups but the
cups being here looks
gives the illusion that something is
here so this is some soup number two
swimsuit number three is um this bikini
that is very very dimensionally like
complicated so it's high waisted has all
these straps and sayings and it's very
tumblr so my third recommendation is
just embrace the flatness with a tumblr
edge like the tumblr bodies and girls do
and it's just like a very tumblr bathing
suit I think I don't know it could be
wrong but I don't even know what the
saying means I just thought it looked
really cool tumblr so yeah no padding
here my next recommendation is to wear a
swimsuit that has a very very high
neckline because it's very flattering on
the shoulder blades and the flat chest
together so I love this one it's very
like vintage looking and I love the cut
I'm obsessed with the cut now I know I
said that I mentioned the cup thing
earlier and this also applies to this
bathing suit because there are cups in
here I'll link down all the swimsuits
down below because I know you guys
probably will be asking where I got
these from I don't know many places that
offer cups in bikini tops that are
resembled like a sports bra so this is
pretty cool my next recommendation is to
get a top that looks like a sports bra I
know there's a lot of bikini tops that
look like this it's very flattering for
the flat chest and some of them do come
with cups like this one and I just pair
it off with a simple black bottom my
next recommendation which is also very
much in style this summer is one of
those mono keaney's that have a lot of
different directions on it that go every
which way and the reason I say this is
because there's so much to the bathing
suit that would our people really going
to focus on on this they're gonna look
at like the whole masterpiece the whole
piece of artwork and last but not least
you can never go wrong with a typical
one-piece plain swimsuit because when
you wear something very plain I noted
it's okay if you're very plain up here
but this also has cup
in it and I will link these down below
oh you got something to me I was like an
older sister you need any advice on
little things like that don't be afraid
to let me know but you know what embrace
your flatness some of those swimsuits
that I showed you like it's to embrace
so don't hide whatcha by the gate so it
is day three at VidCon and we are on our
way to do top 5 live of Awesomeness and
there are 10 bands that were selected to
sit in this hotel room and we're going
to do a private little top by lush top
by live show another dude it's like this
light pink skirt shoes and my hair this
is so cool this is a hotel room
transformed into top five I can't get a
picture on there for my Instagram
totally AMC I'll tell us something
embarrassing about Nikki as Courtney que
me yeah I'm real bread yeah I was Gabi
no tell us something embarrassing about
me and grant okay boys okay
there are so many embarrassing things
are you we have to say it in a courtney
k boys okay there's she's our the one
Lonnie she's good at the Oh God she does
look there's like anything's that were
choosing
honestly Nikki sleeps with the blanket
every single night and if she doesn't
have it she goes crazy we all do it not
like it's bad like thumbs no no now
before you go I don't really see what's
to your left we have a little present
for you um you guys want to open it
right now she's over that looks so cute
yeah it's like me have it yeah I'd want
to bring over here what is this is it
heavy yeah oh here oh no I feel like I'm
going to do that like a specter like
knives people out normally we take an
Instagram picture but because it's
VidCon you had to go beg for you guys oh
this is for you ha ha oh my god Oh
