hey hey now hey guys I am on my way to
the beach with Ally
we are going to take my new jersey and
we did this last year so
I'm gettin the fuse right now
anyways we're meeting Emmaline down at
the beach and we are staying in this
length and teenage place it's really
cute I'm so excited um we actually a
spontaneously plan to meet up with three
girls which became our internet friends
they were subscribers first and we ally
and I became internet friends with them
and two of them that led to shows and
one is from down south so I haven't met
her yet but I've met two of the girls
ready and I'm so excited I have their
goodies back here for when I see them I
got like Chanel makeup and antique stuff
that I picked out personally and gaddy's
hand-me-down vintage nightgowns for them
this isn't like favoritism or anything
guys I'm just like a firm believer and
like my subscribers aren't fans like I
don't view them as fans I view them as
friends so hopefully I can do this more
with you guys more often I think it's
because growing up I honestly had like
zero friends so when I became a youtuber
and I had these subscribers who don't
know me which is willingly want to watch
me and see my life like I see them as
friends like who wants to do that like
this is Jessica Cameron and Olivia and
they're opening some presents I know I
know I saw you guys like your wings so I
was playing yeah now stuff that I lost I
love you okay so these are like the next
things are like into me so the kind of
random
I was trying to make it spin because
like I wasn't it to chopping and I was
like I want things like I don't want to
feel like I'm favoring anyone anyone so
my family this is it yes stop so I'm
going to guys candy down oh my gosh my
room I'm wearing a little Audrey over
here this was in my Audrey Hepburn
chillier than last year I'm wearing the
same romper I wear to beauty god this
obviously I have to stop here it's a
bath store
oh my god fragrance blending bar do you
make your own fragrance oh my gosh it's
so cool oh oh my god ally yeah
those are so those are so I have a
surprise for you Ally look what I found
these are so I'm so they're so you oh my
god so pretty I don't know what that's
doing in a bad story but it's pretty
oh my god these are all soaps soap by
the slice what
that's artwork here's my thank you oh my
gosh this is gonna sound weird but when
I was little whenever I'd see like
slices of soap at wash I'd get hungry
for it even though you can't eat it like
it just looks tasty but it's so oh my
gosh
so cool
that is so cool
there smells so good I don't even know
what the princess one smells like what
was it supposed to smell like like I
don't know it's not very like girly and
like flowers sweet rice tea and the
birthday cake one just smells like cake
so we're all in at Christmas shop and
I'm shamelessly buying more ornaments
and these girls remembered me being in
this store
last year if you guys don't remember
from my Katy vlog I was shopping for
Christmas ornaments in July I am like
worse now because it's June okay so our
ghost is in her early to mid-20s and
this used to be a boarding house where
young people would come down here they
would work they worked about to
Christian at home which is an old hotel
that was built in the early 1900s or you
know well-to-do people would come down
and vacation here I had like 300 rooms
is a very large piece of property two
blocks down of a Pittsburg and she was
working a double shift like lots of
hours she came over here to do something
she had left her key at her job so she
figured that she would scale the side of
the building to get to her room I think
her room map in 25 21 or 25 because they
say she was trying to get her screen out
and it bounced back hit her head and
knocked her to her death in between the
buildings
we are about to go ghost hunt so she
died in between the buildings right
there oh the sound that's making is
creeping me out
overall we're all twinning by the way
yeah do you have shoes selfie
goes hunting
yes I guess that window and spraying
account amount cannot vary whole place
randomly they say this rooms haunted too
this is the one you're talking about
this is one of the rooms that has a lot
of activity but things don't get
misplaced people's belongings like their
razors and stuff like blaming each other
for moving stuff around that's in creepy
in the next room there was actually an
apparition seen by one of the old
entities
yeah is this the one that someone felt
someone on their feet no that's me and
it wasn't her I'll show you the room
which is the one with the most activity
oh hey I was like mmm
26 that this one it used to have like a
really big wicker chair like a big fatty
and one of the fantastic staff came up
here to like get ready like turn on
homeboy everything and he walked in and
he like seen a woman and Victorian dress
like the bucking up caller ID velvet
yeah
there is a ghost we said something say
something away what else what else do
that live a wife
my dad was in Gettysburg with my brother
and they were on the battlefield and it
said blood yeah
then this it was on this table and then
I was on this up dad no no guys just so
you know who's watching this vlog that's
an inside joke dad
that's really weird oh my god what else
what else week that's so weird if there
is a ghost please show yourself if there
is a ghost trigger those graduate
is there anybody in here say something
come on we're friends I'm not scared
fine so now it's saying a good week
Allie stand up maybe it's I'm just
sensing your body voyage what does that
mean oh my god
bow okay anything that comes in threes
how good it's like honor yeah like three
weeks I'm scared
it's like the wind is really scaring me
holy trinity oh my god it says there's a
ghost next to me and I was basically
saying maybe this rooms not haunted and
maybe it's just the other rooms that are
haunted and it said possibly it said
possibly are you so furious so there is
a ghost in here seldom does that mean
very little very well very little ghosts
in here but there is one in here because
he's actually talking to me hi guys so
we are all in our nightgown and we're
ready to have a sleepover I look at my
princesses and first time I'm wearing a
bow since maybe 2013 thanks to cam she
lent me her bow
I miss wearing bows I feel like I put a
bow in cuz I wanna be like Wendy in this
to my Wendy my gown yeah and you guys
know I'm obsessed with Wendy yeah cute
we're about to take pictures so we
basically pulled an all-nighter it's
like getting right now and I literally
didn't even try to pull in on it right
we're just all kind of freaked out from
the ghost hunting and like we were
staying up all night talking and I feel
bad because like Ally sleeping and emma
has woken up maybe like five hundred
times I feel terrible but we're all too
freaked out to like go all the way
across the building to their room and
like especially since that lady was like
oh yeah there is a ghost story with
their room and I'm like gosh hey guys so
I got back from Cape May yesterday and I
would have logged but we all decided to
go to the beach and have it be a little
more personal on day two and then when I
came home or as soon as I got home I
crashed because we stayed up till like 6
a.m. like we did it like an all-nighter
pretty much it was so funny I was done
an all-nighter in forever and then today
I went to the dentist and my dad fix my
teeth for me see ah he fixed them up
upper teeth and now I'm actually gonna
smile with my teeth and not just result
with a duck face
I received a package in the mail when I
got home and well I didn't expect it to
come so soon I thought it was going to
come in later since the companies in
China I just want to show you guys what
I got since you guys are always
interested and you like to see what I
buy so finish okay guys so the first
thing I got is this top and it is so
cute it crosses over and around and it
has a matching bottom with it
it is so cute for like summer or the
beach or going out to dinner the
material is very thin so it's very flowy
and it's nice for like a hot day the
next thing I got was this knit white top
and I don't own any knit tops but Nikki
does so I kind of copied her on that one
and it's really cute to not wear a bra
that I feel like don't judge me and I
also got this maxi skirt which
desperately needs to be ironed but I
just went ahead and made this haul
anyway without ironing it because I just
really want to get this blog up I just
love the pastel colors on the maxi skirt
I feel like it's very beachy and it's a
very thin material like I said about the
other outfit so these are very good like
vacation outfits the next thing I got is
this adorable crop top and I see a lot
of people wearing tie up styled things
and I'm obsessing with this fad right
now because it's just very like bohemian
and very like casual and like carefree
girl-next-door kind of look so I love
wearing these kind of tops with any like
bummy bottoms I love how these look with
denim um I feel like with denim it looks
like a little Abercrombie & Fitch model
kind of look so I really like that my
car since I dyed my hair blonde I've
been like loving like a little
Abercrombie style the next thing I
bought is this white tulle skirt and I
have owned a tulle skirt previously but
it didn't fit me well especially in the
waist this one is just so cute and just
so well made you're not a girly girl if
you don't own a tulle skirt so then I
got this light pink embroidered crop top
which is sheer so I like wearing bra
let's under step it's just so cute and
so ready for the beach and then I got
this unit shirt that zippers up and you
see a lot of the Eunice shirts sold for
ver like very expensive on a lot of
different size
and ons Apple this was so much cheaper
than those other sites like this was
such a good deal and it's so cute it's
kind of like surfer looking I feel like
it looks like a wet seat but it's a
shirt and it's not even wetsuit material
it's like a sweater material and I just
love the cut and last but not least
tomboy side gabby is coming out I mean
I'm very girly but when I dress bum me I
like this tomboy style it's kind of
funny and they look like adidas
sweatpants but they're not and they're
so cute they're these joggers and
they're really tight around the ankle
and I got this Jersey looking shirt and
this just looks like my street look
style so I feel like that outfit goes
hand in hand so well huh alright well
that was my haul I just I can't wait to
do more with you guys I this trip was so
amazing like I I've had so much fun like
I miss it like I genuinely miss Cape May
and the girls and the trip and it just
opened my eyes like you guys are all my
little sisters you're all my friends
you're all like I don't know what I did
in this world to have all of you guys as
friends like I went from having no
friends and sitting alone at lunch with
Nikki to Austin I have like so many of
you guys and you guys are my favorite
and I love doing these kind of things
for you because like without you guys
I'm gonna be where I am today and I
don't see you guys as fans like I don't
know how to emphasize that enough I
don't you guys as fans you guys are my
friends
and you're the friends I never had so I
just hope you guys realize that you guys
mean more than just a number or just a
comment like I actually try to interact
with you guys as much as I can just to
let you guys know that I love you and
I'm here and I'm seeing everything and I
can't wait for more opportunities like
this one I love you guys
