hello okay now
beautiful good morning guys just woke up
and did my hair and makeup and I'm
watching Roman Holiday if you can't hear
it in the background so today's one of
those days where I have like absolutely
nothing planned so I can just take you
guys around and do some things and do
whatever so yeah let's see what today
has in store hi honey
hi silly
oh hi princess hi give me your paw
give me applause so this is my beautiful
puppy Lilly
if you guys don't follow her on
Instagram you totally should the Lillian
Rose so it's definitely an overalls kind
of day it's kind of rainy little cloudy
and a little chilly so my nanny was on
FaceTime with me last night
hi Nani if you're watching um and she
told me about this like flea market so
I'm gonna go check it out because she
said she came across some vintage pieces
that I would interpret vintage Christmas
oh my god I meet Johnny say hi this is a
vlog this is my vintage shopping buddy
Johnny so glad you do - I know what that
everything a lot of scream queens 30%
off okay we need to bring this to the
front also yeah oh my god little tea set
like lamb oh my god that's cute ah
that is adorable this mirror is gorged
it looks like like mama that is cool so
you guys look at the newest addition to
my vintage room actually the iPhone
ruins it it doesn't give you the vibe
but here I got this mirror oh this is
Johnny by the way vintage shopping buddy
um and this vanity oh it was like a
table but I like to use as a vanity and
this chair was very Parisian pretty so I
decided to get that and this adorable
little was it was a magazine cover this
magazine cover I feel like it went with
the vanity really well and then just
these are vintage pieces which was this
Avon powder and this poodle and this
lampshade which I am so obsessed with
guys it looks so vintage and just French
and adorable I like how my coat rack is
like right next to it and then yeah for
those of you who haven't seen my vintage
collection this is it
glove box hats and then I have like
undergarments vintage undergarments in
here and apron or slips and then aprons
and stuff like that oh yes I also
alright if you guys didn't know this
my brother has drums in here so kind of
like very empty aesthetic but we found
this vintage Louie Vuitton luggage like
I've been dying to get one and it's good
timing to get that and this I feel like
it's from the 60s or something but it's
so cute oh I'm so happy with everything
I got
oh my gosh the aesthetic is real here I
feel like I just got taken back into
like this is Leah oh my gosh hi guys so
greetings from my bathroom
um I'm just gonna start this off by
saying yes I have a mask on my face and
second of all um if you guys didn't
watch my second vlog I ever made I moved
out of the bathroom Nicki and I share
that connects our bedrooms and I moved
into the old bathroom in our house our
house is 80 years old this was the only
bathroom that wasn't renovated so this
is like a very like old-fashioned style
bathroom anyhow I felt like no problem
I'm vintage anyway even though it's not
up to date whatever I'll come and take
over this bathroom cuz no offense to
Nicki but she is a mess so I love that I
have my own little space here I mean
like I feel like I can express myself
through the bathroom a little bit more
but if you guys haven't checked out my
older sister's video yet please make
sure to check it out it'll be linked
down below she goes through my bathroom
and reacts to all the things in here but
I'm just going to give you guys a little
bit of a lush collection because I know
you guys know I'm obsessed with lush and
right now I'm wearing masks of Megan
Amity and it's like that peppermint mask
which you don't need to refrigerate so
it lasts a while so obsessed with that
but anyways I'm going to show you guys
so over here I have the blue and pink
play-doh for the water so we do is you
rip off a chunk and you play with it the
water it turns into play-doh and clay
and you can mold it into different
shapes
that's not much oh here we have 9 to 5
this this is from whenever I go
traveling at an airplane and something
leaks from a bottle and this gets wet
the label peels off but 9 to 5 is a
cleansing lotion which I use as a
cleanser sometimes if I'm not in the
mood to use a solid cleanser and this is
one of my favorite solid cleansers it's
herbalism here I'll open it it's green
and smells wonderful don't let the color
scare you
this isn't focusing but I also have the
lush lip scrubs and I have the popcorn
one and the Valentine's Day one and I
have like their lip products I really
like their lip products
and I live drinking bourbon body
conditioner also sucky underwear than
body maybe shimmy shimmy and they make
your body like listen and it was amazing
ever since sandy blonde I've been these
bangs it she's tried to get like beach
waves in a rented street and I'm getting
only I would be in the shower about
making my decision this I know these are
balls that are other thing that you met
you milk in boiling water and then you
put anybody into it use it is not I have
the fuff the strawberry shaving soap I
have dream wash which is the shower
smoothie I have another Defoe and I have
Prince which is another shaving cream
that's white and I have a bunch of lush
soaps up here this one is by far the
best it's literally smells like vanilla
oatmeal I love anything vanilla tea but
I also love this one because it smells
very fruity and vanilla so I call this
watermelon even though that's not what
it is it just looks like a watermelon
and this so um literally last you a
lifetime
I don't know why but I have this forever
I'm gonna have more of that play-doh
stuff because I'm a kid at heart and
then over here I have yuzu and Coco
which is like a it's like a cocoa and
tonka kind of smell and I also have
another yummy mommy and then I've bouncy
bunny which is like shower jelly in the
shape of a bunny and it's citrusy and
over here I've Turkish Delight which is
a shower smoothie and it's rose and
cocoa and anything that smells really
good and it's kind of almond e over here
is the bath bombs and bubble bars oh my
gosh I should just leave this open
always have it makes my bathroom smell
real good and then in here I have like
massage bars and I need leftover
play-doh
but oh my gosh as exfoliating bars are
life I just love how all these smell
guys I'm obsessed with lush we got my
little pink reindeer spongy thing I got
from Bath & Body right around Christmas
time it's so cute I have another
exfoliating bar in here but this is a
little moist so I keep it in the bag see
it's like kind of moist and I love
they're like oil balls I didn't know
they're called they're like you drop
them in and it creates like sparkly oil
in the bathtub and they smell really
good I think they're like luxurious oil
balls or something I don't know I could
be wrong but I live for these guys
because I travel a lot I have like this
to go bag ready to pick up and leave and
I'm gonna show you what lush stuff I use
when I travel I use let the good times
roll as my cleanser it looks like this
and it literally smells like popcorn and
cookie dough and it's amazing
it's so amazing I'm obsessed with this
stuff I'm part of their subscription on
lash calm where you get like your
cleansers once every three months
because they go bad because I have combo
skin I use and zim me on I think that's
how you pronounce it and I tend to mix
it with charisma which is like a self
tanner for your face yeah I mix charisma
into my and zimmi on on like the back of
my hand and I put it on my face this is
like a skin tint but I use it like a
self tanner for my face because when I
get bright hands like it washes off
right away so I like to keep my tan on
my face this works so well oh my gosh
this is beat-up too because this is I
went like I said whenever I travel like
the labels peel off and this is grease
lightening and if you have ease it you
put it on and it disappears literally
lifesaver I live for the tea tree water
because it just is so refreshing and it
works really great as a toner I like to
spread this on my face with a cotton
ball or spray off my face directly and
then spread it around with a cotton ball
this is the Valentine's Day lip scrub
called the kiss and I'm obsessed with it
and then of course I have enchanted eye
cream which goes under my eyes cuz I
have really bad bags under my eye so it
helps with that
and as you guys all know I just went
blonde so I wanted to test out the RMV
hair moisturizer but I live for their
hair custard which is currently on my
vanity guys I got this vintage bathrobe
to like tie everything in yeah I don't
even know like what theme I'm going for
but I guess it's like lush or something
I guess it's a little messy but whatever
you know I realized I didn't show you
hair custard it's literally amazing it's
hair dressing and you put it on your
hair's dry or damp and it works real
well look how messy like I am so
stressed out right now my vanity so
messy what are you doing what are you
doing
I have to go plan out my video so I'll
be right back so I am chilling down here
by my new vanity and I just started
making a mood board for a video I'm
gonna be making with ally and Nash I'll
give you guys a little preview you don't
know what you're in for
I'm so excited and tomorrow Nikki and I
are filming a really exciting video for
the niki and gabi channel which we're
also working really hard on but yeah I
love how this is like lit like it's
really pink in here because of this
lampshade
well this mask needs to come off but
yeah I will see you guys in my next vlog
I'm gonna be vlogging a lot this week
bye guy
you
