hello okay now
beautiful
Emeline and her best friend Alyssa are
on their way
I'm so excited just did my hair makeup
Ally's on her way um yeah oh my god
she's calling me hello
hey hey guys so yeah that's Roman
holiday playing on my TV over and over
again but um got here is is brushing our
teeth because he gets hot panera we all
have onion breath oh this is the dress I
decided to wear it's like powder yellow
or cream and it has some pretty flowers
on it
I haven't worn this for a video yet but
I always intended to because it looks
really vintage so this is our first stop
yeah help my you all the night gowns
over here and then hats are vintage hats
on the wall and then
she made it all like that
feathers about your purple and blue that
took like that that's exact yeah yeah
guys look at this dress I want to go
dancing if that was still a thing I mean
out of the club I can't wear this that
but I'm show them your slip I'm just
going to cover every it's kind of
see-through oops
is it move different different different
man look at this it's light blue pretty
pink flowers I mean that's so pretty
with you know and that sweater was made
for you but we're both really cute
little sweaters right I'm stuck here so
much it's like you have up the collar
the colors so cute I don't know I live
for collars oh yeah and how the sleeves
roll my lip stuff pull around hers and
that's so pretty on you
you're like Barbie yeah
I didn't get anything going to another
vintage shop it was a huge success of
the last shop I'm excited to go more
vintage shopping
this needs to become my house like now
oh my gosh well it is paget so cute oh
my god I love it and the kid now
look at the train-station down there
Judis bakery ever this so pretty
I love this look at all of us mm-hmm is
going crazy this beautiful look at these
tables
you
this is so terrifying roars oh my god
executive watch the owner come out throw
back way I'll do it my god hey guys so I
just put away some of the outfits I got
today
it's kind of dark in here I apologize
but I'll just roughly go through some of
the things I got but we're bringing some
of the vintage gas to the hotel with us
so um yeah they're not going to be
featured right here I'll show you at the
hotel but there's how many things in
there that I got today oh just that slip
you're wearing right just the slip that
alyssa is going to wear is what I got
today that's in there but okay well this
is the parasol M gave me look how
beautiful it is and then I got the
wedding dress that I tried on because
let's be real this looks like a princess
dress instead looks like Cinderella
story so pretty if you like that and the
parasol looks so cute and like a photo
shoot your wrong way could you thank you
okay so I just fixed the lighting in
here thanks to Allie but um the other
dress I got was this like ostrich
feather trim like dancing dress it is so
cute and then at love saves the day in
New Hope I got this like vintage dress
that looks like Clara from The
Nutcracker I mean I don't exactly know
how to wear I think this crosses or
something but it's so cute oh my gosh
it's a v-neck guys this is the front
really it's so cute
yeah it's so pretty so I also got these
adorable cups that are from like
Breakfast at Tiffany's and you guys saw
me want these so yeah I bought them and
then I bought this breakfast at
tiffany's collectors Barbie doll and I'm
not usually one to my Barbie dolls but
like oh my gosh this is the collectors
on eBay they sell this for a lot and I
got this for a real good deal so I had
to buy and then I got these really
pretty like silver or dirty white shoes
you can ever tell isn't it no oh and how
could I forget the teacher all this big
thing for its you don't know how to put
like tea cups in here or something I
said designer bags but I don't know
we'll just see I think I'm gonna put
like valuable things in here
shelf liner yeah this tea cup tea kettle
not tea cup makoki I never bought a tea
kettle before now I'm gonna get a bunch
of tea cup so we can have tea down here
but yeah now we're off to the hotel but
wait but not just yet sweater these are
the ones I bought today sweater and then
this sweater that's Oprah has a collar
it's so cute
okay now off to the sweet hey guys
so we are in hotel right now free ham
over yeah this will hide I didn't know
this before I booked the hotel but this
hotel is extremely haunted what were the
names she like pulled up the website and
she's reading all the names Oh hon
Mary Frances in the gym good call of the
haunted names Frances Thomas he lives in
the boiling boiler room may go who is
Lady Frances hope she lives on the third
floor exercise room in lobby area which
is everywhere things she is invited to
mrs. Brown landlord she is in the
kitchen restaurant area and then room
with it go get it it's our champagne pan
you don't look through the peephole
hi we're a little jumpy tonight um you
can set that in the bedroom better yeah
I need those stories you're so right
what if you what if he was a ghost
really he was he like seemed dead no
guys we just focus on the Star of
Bethlehem look at this view it looks
like a dot right now but I promise it to
view it's the Star of Bethlehem there
start as that's what have you I love mom
this is like stalker footage mm I'm just
wearing this um like light pink dress
and it reminds me of The Sound of Music
powerless like singing these are my
favorite thing when I saw bites when the
bee stings when I'm feeling sad I simply
remember my favorite things and then I
don't feel we look like this ah I got
even more no yellers when the bee stings
when I'm feeling sad I simply remember
Mike
guys this wallpaper like I feel like a
paris little princess like oh this
nightgown against the wallpaper looks so
cute
doo-doo-doo-doo god Oh how does it start
up burtonll I trusted you to do free
trainings are you of my favorite thanks
see what murmur when she scared she
sings we're scared
and we're singing oh these things when
I'm feeling sad
I see you take over a boyfriend so
greedy like that wait
I hate my nightgowns I hate all my
nightgowns
why can't I sleep make it I'm totally
not 200 years old
you know I'm dreaming holidays like a
traumatic I know I know all the
actresses oh and then she walks up to
the window she hears the Italian music
lying
