hey guys so it is the day of my 21st
birthday I'm midnight I turned 21 so
tonight is my party I don't even know
how much of it I'll be vlogging because
I do want that professional barrier with
you guys like I don't want to make
myself look like something I'm not
online but I also want to like let you
guys in on this like really big birthday
of my life so I am gonna let you guys
come join me on my 21st but this is the
biggest disclaimer in the world I am NOT
trashy
I am NOT a drunk I am NOT crazy I am NOT
not classy it's my 21st birthday if you
are gonna judge me or my friends or what
I do tonight please click out of this
video right now this is like equivalent
to being like hey I'm having a
bachelorette party if you don't like
seeing fake penises then exit out of a
video look you know what I mean
whatever glad we got that disclaimer
over with I'm about to head to my
college and I'm about to have a blast
for my 21st birthday
you
we go down
we are
betray shop
we're gonna get on down
Oh
hi guys so it's the next morning and I
like have no voice and I feel really bad
like real sick and I'm supposed to have
dinner with my family and stuff tonight
and yeah I'm still at school I slept
here but what guys look at my crowd like
that's you know it was a good 21st
birthday when the crystal crown you
bought is busted
where it says people day oh my god now
it's all coming back Kenny lastly I was
going guys luck and I said P birthday oh
wait it's so oh my on my head my head
out oh oh oh okay okay
I'll hit you guys back up when I'm
feeling a little better because I need
to go drink water and take Advil or
something all right bye
