hello
hey guys oh my gosh long time no talk
I'm gonna get into that later on in this
vlog because I did disappear for like a
mini Christmas break for a few reasons
so I'm gonna go over that in this vlog
but for now I'm running a little late
I'm right outside the nail salon and I
need to get my nails done I haven't got
them done in so so long guys like they
are hanging off my fingers I just feel
like I never have the time to just go
and sit and like get my nails done like
they're so grown out
that's disgusting but they still look
cute I feel like so I know my vlogs I
always have a lot to say about nail
salons and how like they botched my
eyebrows or like it's call me ugly and
whatnot so I just want to reassure you
guys that I'm going to a good nail salon
right now they're they've always been
nice to me this place as a matter of
fact I know I touched base on like fake
tanning and stuff in my last vlog and
the reason why I kept going to like why
didn't keep going but the reason why I
went back to that nail salon was because
that's right next door to the place
where I go tan so it was like easy and
convenient that day I was just like
whatever they probably forget about me
and then that's when the whole botched
eyebrow thing happened but I'm not gonna
get into that I'm blabbing way too much
right now because it's been so long
since I've done a vlog because the last
time I did an actual vlog was before the
pink Wonderland room tour which was over
a week ago so I feel like I have a lot
to catch up on right now I don't have my
extensions in my hair is like to here
and I'm really self-conscious about it
but I do have my extension stylist
coming in my apartment tonight
so you're gonna get to see how I do my
extensions and how I get them in it is
gonna be a sew-in
I am gonna show you what my hair looks
like without extensions and I'm gonna go
get my nails done because I'm running
late
yeah Oh see so I think I'm gonna go with
this gold color even though my nails are
already like gold
I feel like this is super New Year's I
don't know I can't pick but I'm wearing
rose gold on New Year's so I think I'm
gonna go with this and I'm gonna get my
nails a lot shorter definitely I don't
know I'm gonna look for more options I
don't know if you guys can see this but
this is like a super light blue I think
I want to go with that yeah I think I'm
gonna go with this blue color it's so
pretty
alright guys so I'm at my apartment I
got my nails done I chose the aqua blue
color I was telling you guys about so
yeah I'm gonna let you guys know what
happened and why I haven't been vlogging
so long story short on Christmas Eve
I had a random really bad allergic
reaction I don't know what caused it to
this day we don't know what caused it
and my parents it being Christmas Eve
they told me you know what you should
wait till after the holiday and if your
allergic reactions still there then go
to the ER well my allergic reaction was
definitely er worthy but I've gone into
anaphylactic before because of cats so
when I started getting the like
anaphylactic symptoms like the really
really swollen lips eyes face I went
into my emergency steroids because last
time I went into anaphylactic shock
I had emergency steroids to take home
with me if I get the symptoms again and
I never used those so I had these
emergency steroids so my moms like here
just follow the directions on the bottle
and take them till the holiday is over
and then if you're still reacting and
need the steroids and just go to the ER
so I pretty much stopped reacting on
Christmas night I was really swollen all
Christmas Eve night and then all
Christmas Day and then the 26th I woke
up and like the swelling was down and
I'm like awesome I'm good I was supposed
to go to Miami on the 27th with all my
college friends and you guys probably
saw on like Instagram and snapchat that
Kenny is in Miami and I've been getting
a lot of questions asking why am I not
in Miami and I know I've talked about
hyung going to Miami so everyone's just
kind of confused well long story short
my doctor told me that I shouldn't fly
that closely to taking so much
prednisone because I ended up reading
the prednisone bottle wrong so when I
was trying to treat my allergy I was
taking like
you know how it says X 3 like take this
amount X 3 then take this amount X 2
then take this amount X 1 so 1 it said X
3 I thought it meant take this amount
three times a day so within two days I
had a week's worth of prednisone so I
had way too much prednisone so I
couldn't fly because if I get on an
airplane the airplane pressure and the
cabin could and would give me a blood
clot I was more than 75% chance at risk
because I took too much prednisone so I
can't get on an airplane within the next
week or two because of the amount I took
so I'm pretty much stuck in Pennsylvania
I was supposed to go to LA next week I'm
gonna be stuck here for like two weeks
because of this and I've been like
really really upset / like depressed
that I paid for this entire Miami trip
and my friend's got to enjoy it and I
didn't and I had to be stuck here so
I've been trying to find like new
hobbies to do because I took this time
off from working and stuff just so I
could go to Miami and I didn't end up
going so I've been like making slime
I've been like doing makeup looks I
bought a whole bunch of new makeup and
tried recreating like my favorite makeup
looks with drugstore makeup I've just
been like really trying to entertain
myself and luckily I have like the squad
coming over tonight and I was with Nash
last night and Colin's been helping me
feel better so yeah this is just like a
huge like life update right now because
oh I had such a long last few days so
yeah I'm fine now the allergic reaction
subsided we don't know what caused it I
think I'm fine now but yes I actually
want to show you guys the slime that I
made we made a bunch of different slime
because we just discovered this slime
thing I know it's a huge thing on
YouTube but like it's really fun and we
were joking around and making really
like weird-looking slime and Colin made
mr. guts this one's green and
glow-in-the-dark and it's really cool I
made aqua love its aqua blue this camera
is really bad at picking up color my
friend Jesse made glittering snow flake
or was this Eva I don't know which
friend this was but it's glittery and
white and then there's bronze highlight
I made a highlights lime there's two
different highlighters and then this is
rose gold highlight I'm going to show
you guys these but then there's cotton
candy I made this one it's glitter
pink and then shitty slide one of my
friends made shitty slime it was
supposed to be Rose Bowl that didn't
come out like that and then I love you
slime I made this for college all right
I'm gonna show you guys the highlights
lines because I think you're gonna find
this pretty interesting so this is the
rose gold highlight look at this it's
like a highlighter look look at that I
think I need to put more saline in it
because it's starting to get a little
sticky but this is what it looks like it
smells really good cuz of the shaving
cream I used but it's really shiny I
want to try to like put it on my cheek
oh wow that like kind of worked gone hmm
did it work I think I already had
highlight on but I think it works um me
and my friends were like trying to see
if this actually works I'm going to like
show you guys how to make this if you
guys don't know how to make this so fun
I'm like I feel like a little kid and
just is the bronze slime it smells like
a bubble bath this is a bronze highlight
I'm gonna show you guys how I make it
because it's dope so basically all
you're gonna need is something to mix it
in there's already some like so lime in
here because I already use this but I
use this pink shaving cream and then I
use becometh uses I used this eye
contact solution and I use clear glue
and I use broken highlighter so what I
do is I just like empty the broken
highlighter I feel like a little kid or
you know and I'm gonna use this has a
compact I put the slime and then when
I'm done I put in a little bit of glue
and I know there's like borax in this
but I still make it like this because of
the texture and then put a little eye
contact solution and some shaving cream
this is like real sloppy but I'm not
like a slime expert
mix it so I'm just adding in more I'm
like guessing what I need I feel so
stupid so this is what it looks like
this is my highlight slime so pretty and
then I'm just gonna like put it in this
compact but I'm gonna clean it a little
so now I'm just like sculpting it in
here
it's literally highlight putty tada haha
so I'm gonna test this out so this is
the slime you can just like play with it
and move it around look at that so I'm
gonna dunk my finger in this oh wow okay
let's try this out
it works
I already have highlight on but just I
feel like it just like makes it better
hmm even if it doesn't work as good it's
still fun it's a cute compact I mean all
right I'm gonna go now this is real long
I can't get over how cute this display
is though for like slime high light like
this little compact let me know in the
comments down below if you want to see
more slime videos and if you enjoyed
this one so fun hey guys greetings from
my bedroom I'm actually about to go
Scout the mansion for blood queen season
2 I just wanted to show you guys that my
hair came in and my hair stylist yes she
is coming pretty late it's gonna be like
9:00 when she gets in she's from out of
town
did you like my lockscreen and she's
gonna be doing my extensions which I'm
gonna vlog so you guys are gonna see how
I do my soand me and my new boots just
came in the mail I forgot to show you me
unboxing them but they're so cute I'm
gonna put them on
oh my gosh they're so cute yeah I'm
gonna be wearing these tonight so yeah
I'm gonna go eat some dinner and then
I'll see you guys at the mansion yeah
before I head out I'm just gonna have
some dinner and I made you can't really
see what I made
underneath this but I made eggplant
parmesan Lilly I'm surprised you're not
begging for some Hey Girl hey but yeah
this is my dinner I'm so depressed that
I have to take down my Christmas
decorations soon that's pretty
depressing she's really good no Lilly's
literally sitting here begging for food
nope mm-hmm now she's begging nope none
for you so I just pulled up to the Blood
Queen location I don't want to give too
much away but it's pretty big and pretty
and yeah this is all I'm gonna show you
for now definitely see some footage
inside but I'm not gonna give away
everything
so I think this is gonna be my bedroom
for the season - which is super cute oh
my gosh so bougie so this is the
bathroom oh my god so cute
ooh okay so I would show you more but I
really want you guys to like stay tuned
for season two but yeah I am currently
on the set of season two so be excited
and yeah now I'm gonna go head home and
get my extensions in the reason I came
here today is cuz I just started writing
the script I needed some kind of floor
plan for when I write out the scenes and
not only that when I'm starting to order
like the set decoration so like all the
pillows and stuff you've seen like
they're not going to be there like I'm
gonna be decorating the rooms with my
own stuff that I'm ordering so it's
gonna be a process but we are having a
camera crew this time so all the
complaints about season one how it
didn't look professional well it's not
gonna be like that for season two it's
gonna be an actual crew so I'm excited
oh no no so Rach you just finished my
hair and now I'm a wee bit diva this is
my hair stylist guy
I didn't get to introduce you guys this
is rocky and she's been to my weed since
I was 18 years old
so I'm 22 now so that's four years and
then we have a lien national yeah but
they're heading out now yeah - is dark
hair is gorgeous you guys haven't seen
it yet it looks so good okay guys so I
woke up this morning to snow and I
already had a photo shoot planned with
Colin me and Mike so I'm really excited
I'm about to do my makeup before this
photo shoot I figured you guys would
like it in a fancy vlog for me to do my
makeup so I'm just gonna pin my hair
here okay
sorry for the noise I opened a window
because it's just so beautiful out it's
literally so snowy if I showed you the
view you would figure out where I live
if you live around here I bought this
new Burt's Bees foundation two days ago
and I really liked it I didn't know they
made foundation but I guess this is new
now I'm going to so noisy I live in the
city guys I'm going to use some face
powder I'm going to use some chocolate
Soleil from Too Faced so I shut some of
the blinds for lighting purposes but
anyways I went ahead and did browser on
my cheeks contour my nose and now I'm
gonna take sealer
I'm just gonna go ahead and do my lips
because they feel naked to me this is
called spice by Mac this lip liner I
always
all this new makeup I got smells so good
the Burt's Bees foundation smells
amazing smells like a graham cracker
this smells like smells like a powdered
donut it's like vanilla and then the
concealer that I use that I also got at
the drugstore this smells like smells
like a crown that's a typical makeup
smoke whoo I might use glitter but for
now I'm gonna add some bronzer in my
crease like I always do I just realized
I forgot to do my eyebrows so I'm gonna
snap my fingers and my eyebrows are
gonna be done behind you my eyebrows are
done and Colin and Lily are having a
wrestling match behind me
now I'm just going to use my steel uh
glitter and the color bronze to bail
so now I'm just blending all that powder
in and I'm actually gonna try to use my
my highlight putty that I made because
it is Beca broken back a highlighter so
probably works good Wow I wonder if it's
gonna ruin the powder this actually
works guys wow that looks so pretty and
subtle oh my gosh and it's just this no
one would believe that I just used
highlight slime to get this glow Wow all
right I'm gonna put it back where it
came from
like I love playing with it we're gonna
make more slime videos your fun so now
I'm gonna go over top of this with a
little layer of this highlight you just
kind of adds to it it's an opalescent
highlight so it like goes with the rose
quartz from the slime now I'm gonna do a
wing cause I must doing wings you see
them all the time
and now curl my lashes engines and apply
some mascara
and I know you guys say that you
probably can't put mascara on lashes
tensions but I break the rule it seems
to work out for me and last but not
least I'm going to line tight line my
waterline I haven't done a wing in so
long guys
look at that highlight
alright guys so this is my complete look
and now I'm gonna go have a photoshoot
with Mike and Colin yeah so I'm about to
take pictures with Mike this is what it
looks like right now it's like a winter
wonderland but I'm assuming this vlog is
just way too long so I'm gonna end it
now
I love you guys so much and I really
can't wait for the next fancy blog I'm
excited for 2018 and all the vlogs to
come and for blood queens and everything
I love you so much and I'll see you guys
in my next phase of us
