hello okay now
such a beautiful we are going to
understand
uptown appears me
we are going to the apartment where
breakfast at tiffany's was filled and
I'm so excited
I'm probably gonna get really high there
as my you know my dad girl this whole
time I've been living so close to New
York City but I've never ever ever seen
comparable carcasses we don't have plans
we ever just go against the city I'm
just doing whatever like each of us
wants to do and that's where I want you
gone
I feel honored why did you put what I
wanted to do favorite leotard
yeah so you're all probably wondering
why I'm alone in this car and that is
because I started feeling really sick or
the driver dropped off
Alisha Nicky and Mike at this diner that
they wanted to get Instagram pictures
and I went to this CVS all by myself it
was really scary because I've never been
to a two-storey CVS and I couldn't buy
the dayquil in advil this is another one
of those persistent sore throats no
antibiotic is able to get rid of and
I've been sick for a month now so I'm
living off a dayquil so I'm gonna get
blood work this week yeah I know we said
the first stop was going to be the Holly
Golightly apartment pretty much like
we're going to spend some time here
because it would make no sense to come
here and then go up there and then come
down come back down here so I'll just
wait hopefully we get to the apartment
when it's not dark outside because
that's literally the only thing I've
been looking forward to on this trip
oh now he's gonna go get food
look
oh my gosh I'm like literally gonna cry
this is Holly Golightly's apartment from
Breakfast at Tiffany's like I want to
like zoom in in the windows like I
wonder if I can get like oh my gosh
there's the loo
oh my gosh I'm trying so hard to see
through this house
look at this Cup as a doorbell hey guys
watch yeah oh my gosh
I feel like anything knows there's a
puppy in the car there's a puppy in the
car any so Hugh hey guys so I'm about to
clean my closet it I just have too many
things and I have no room to put new
shoes anymore and my vintage collections
are all messed up and disorganized oh my
gosh my light turned off but I'm gonna
clean out my closet and I'm gonna do
this in a vlog I guess and show you guys
what I'm getting rid up now I just want
to put a disclaimer um I know I do own a
lot of things but I work really hard for
my things and because of my job I have
to keep up with trends and then trends
come and go and then I don't like
wearing certain things anymore so yeah
that's that disclaimer
you
holy poop it's a mess but this is all my
stuff I'm getting rid of it's all unlike
this pile right here um yeah all that hi
Lilly Lilly literally loves laying in
fur it's so funny oh just you guys know
I don't own real fur it's all faux fur
so I ordered the Rihanna Puma slides
they came in today
oh my gosh I was near there oh my gosh I
remember seeing that door down there and
it's just missing the blinds oh my gosh
sure this is what it looks like inside
when I'm older I want to buy this entire
building that's it I'm gonna go vintage
shopping tomorrow and I'm going to bring
you guys with me I'm in such the mood I
literally made the yummiest
tea tonight so I was looking hard to you
to make and I saw we had a tea called
nutcracker suite'
and it's like the land of sweets from
The Nutcracker I think that was the
theme of it it tastes so good tastes
like a cupcake
hey guys so I'm in my car and I'm gonna
go to a vintage shop last night I was
watching Breakfast at Tiffany's and I
just want to go antique shopping it's
actually a craving if you're really into
like fancy chopping oh X it becomes like
an addiction to go antique shopping like
once you get into it and stuff and oh
right now I'm wearing my natural look
you guys like rarely ever see my natural
look but this is like my everyday look
and it's pretty much just like lush
foundation lush powder put some like
tight line eyeliner on and a matte
lipstick that's like a neutral color so
I just got the birthday cake Frappuccino
with soy milk and just a little heads-up
soy milk tastes so good and the birthday
cake frappuccinos it makes it sweeter
you
hey guys so I've been receiving a lot of
questions about my vintage collection
and I'm going to show it to you um for
those of you who don't know this this is
my brother's drum room and we compromise
that I could make a little studio over
here and he can drum over here but I've
actually been meaning to put my
Christmas tree over here because it's so
beautiful I think it's too beautiful to
put in the attic so I want to put all my
Nutcracker and vintage ornaments on it
and just have it there but anywho this
is my old desk from my room those who of
you who have been watching niki and gabi
for awhile and i'm just going to go
through my vintage collection tomorrow
morning this back wall is completely
different because my vintage tapestry
comes in which is pink and white stripes
and these hats will definitely still be
poking through because it's a very very
thin material and I have the command
hooks that have like the metal hook so
it's very tiny so I could just poke them
through the fabric and stick the hats on
and you won't see these back things
that'll still be cool but yeah this back
wall will not be this pukey gold anymore
that my parents painted this room this
is in our basement by the way it is
going to be pink and white stripes and
very cute but yeah over here I have like
my gowns or like really nice nightgowns
and um yeah there's just like really
flowy dresses or really cute short
dresses and if they have night jackets
with the nightgown all like usually hang
it up I love this dress reminds me of a
notebook you guys probably remember this
dress it's like it's been in so many
Instagram pictures I usually wear it
around Christmastime I do the whole pink
Christmas theme and this is from the
sleepover with Ali oh my gosh um but
yeah I just I love collecting vintage
and like I never grew up basically like
I just love dresses and like prettiness
and I have an Instagram picture in this
so I'm going to be putting up soon it
was pretty lavender nightgown it fits so
cute um oh my god I haven't worn this
nightgown yeah
but this robe that you guys saw me
wearing when I was cleaning out my
closet this is a crit an old Christian
Dior robe and then this is another older
Christian Dior robe which is the one I
wore and they get ready with me I've
been getting a lot of comments asking
where that is or where that's from
and this is that 1920s gold robe but
yeah these are just like my nicer things
I didn't even really go through
everything on this rack but I intend on
like doing something with all the
outfits I think I just showed you all
the things I just recently stocked up on
me but these are my hats you guys
probably remember this from the vlog
with Emmaline and yeah I just hung up
one of my bags and yeah I just love
these hats they're so delicate and I
have this lamp and I'm gonna plug it in
but um yeah this is a glove box I bought
today and it's really cute
I'm obsessed with this glove box reminds
me of Breakfast at Tiffany's and I have
all my gloves in here and I bought these
light blue long ones today and over here
just all my arts and crafts
you guys remember I'm really into my
planner inside washi tape and I have
like a lot of paints and stuff and
canvases sets here in paint as well my
paintbrushes and um this painting tray I
just love arts and crafts over here I
have this dresser that is really old I
mean look it's passing this is in my
basement but I thought it went really
well with the vintage feel I have these
heels I bought today I want to go bring
down my slippers with the pom-poms on it
and stick them right next to this hat
box this is the collar I wore to
beautycon Texas this is a crystal choker
I found at a vintage shop and a pearl
choker and I have this clutch and this
one that I brought to be to calm Texas
hatbox is adorable I just want to show
you guys I mean oh wow my mom
this was an old laundry chute it goes
all the way up in our house because we
learned a really old house we have a
laundry chute I don't know what all this
random stuff is in here but I'm going to
clean that out and I think I'm gonna get
one of those sticky rocks we're like you
stick a rack across I'm going to put
bunch of antique and vintage designer
bags going across and then I'm going to
put like a security code on here to get
in there like how cool it's like so
Princess Diaries ask like a little safe
and storage area but down here I have a
bunch of aprons I got this lavender one
today
so cute reminded me of Allie and um yeah
I just I love love love like the whole
vintage touch with aprons especially
like their detailing like the pink and
gold like that is to die for
that's so cute and I bought this one
today where is it oh yeah the lady said
it was a tulip it looks like a flower
there's all like these little flaps on
it and it looks like a little tutu
I love it I just want to bake with these
on and in here I have some slips and
icons I hung up my nicer nightgowns but
these are still nice too I just think
they're easier to fold up and put in
here umm yeah and in here I have
undergarments and stuff like this
adorable under dress right here and then
this one's a lifesaver
like I even wear this under today's
dresses like you cannot sorry about the
awkward Kim camera angle but if I wear
this nude like slip dress under any of
these dresses or even any of today's
dresses like you cannot see the song
line or the color of your bra and it's
really nice I have bloomers and stuff in
here and like nude camisoles to wear
under dresses and stuff so yeah that's
all in here I can't wait to hang up the
pink and white stripe tapestry tomorrow
it'll just pull the whole side of this
room together and that Christmas tree
has to go over there and the storage in
there but yeah there's pretty much it
and I hope you guys enjoyed this fall
