hey guys so today is a random random
random random video I wasn't intending
on doing a haul but I'm just gonna go
ahead and do one because I had a
shopping spree today and Ali sitting at
my vanity doing her makeup right now but
she can agree right yeah it was pretty
bad I'm gonna get right into this haul
so the first door I obviously shoppin
with lush it's usually the first door I
stopped in because it's like right by
where I usually Park and whatever
anyways first thing that I went through
was the bath bombs and bar section I got
this bubble bar which is like an
Egyptian pyramid and it smells so good
mmm litter - for those of you don't know
this
I collect lush bath bombs I actually
have a huge tub of them in my bathroom
and it's still like fun to collect them
and then I'll never run out of one the
next thing I got was yummy mummy which
is a shower cream and I love the shower
creams over the shower gels because it
is a shower gel but it's very creamy so
if you pour a little bit of this in the
water it turns the water this color the
shower cream is I do this a lot with my
prince charming shower cream which is
hot pink and it turns the water hot pink
so I want purple water and this smells
really good the next thing I got was the
 is signing pronouncement it's like
shaving cream that is strawberry and
it's really good - fluffy mmm it looks
like someone we went in this maybe it's
just like placed in here we were anyways
you never know with lush because
everyone's trying out everything
whatever I'm still happy I got this this
stuff is amazing and I wouldn't blame
that person for going through this
because this stuff is amazing
it's like strawberry shaving cream and I
love using shaving cream from lush
because everything is organic and I
always get razor burn and this just
helps that the next thing I got was
sympathy for the skin and it's hand and
body lotion and it's fresh bananas cocoa
butter and vanilla
so it's really really sweet and you can
tell there's vanilla and cocoa in it and
just smell so good as a banana it's like
the little dots in it because you can
tell like a bananas mixed in with this I
mean that's all so good I'm so excited
to put this all over the next thing I
got was a facial moisturizer which is
called enzyme neon I can't even
pronounce it but I have oily skin so or
combo skin but more so oily and this is
good moisturizer for oily skin so this
is it the next thing I got was a shower
smoothie because I am obsessed with
their shower smoothies and I never tried
this one yet and this is called Turkish
Delight and it's a soft blend of
luxurious Turkish rose absolute
moisturizing fair trade cocoa butter and
hydrating almond oil so this is also
really sweet I'm a sucker for sweet
things
mmm I remember things to put all this
together it smells really good so lush
started making these oil bath melt and I
got a bunch of the pink brown oil bath
milk these things are brand new and lush
and I bought one from online yeah I know
I'm weird I've ordered one online just
to test out it and I love it it's
absolutely amazing so I got a bunch of
these things now that we're done with
lush I am going to go on to demon market
so in Eamonn Marcus I bought wait for it
to reduce obviously
real big one so I can stick them and
they're like not as small as my other
one so at least I have two alternatives
if I want to wear small ones or going to
wear big ones I use these for the first
time today
they're the artiste brushes my makeup is
on so smooth like I've never contoured
my face and put on my makeup so smooth
and quick oh my gosh ally how quick did
I do that contour yeah I did my whole
entire face in like five minutes because
of these things like ice to wear on
these like they are expensive for each
but oh my god I can't believe I didn't
know these things existed like bye-bye
Beauty Blender hello our teeth brush
like it's just like I just like love
brushing these and I feel like it just
makes it smoother so yeah I bought these
in Neiman Marcus the next thing I bought
a Neiman Marcus was Coco Chanel
Mademoiselle body lotion and this is
what it looks like it really makes your
skin soft and it smells just like the
perfume mmm Chanel's really good with
like hydrating moisturizers and stuff
like that so I know it's like a really
trustworthy brand to get a moisturizer
or lotion from it smells so good okay so
I play on the side my friend Natalie
Peris you guys probably know her hi
Natalie if you're watching
she smells so good and I was it would be
wearing she's like I'm wearing blue Tom
that a blue Tom drew it home today I
can't even speak I need to learn French
she was wearing that from Chanel and it
was around perfume so I thought it was
the lime green one but nope it's the
lavender one because there's a pink one
but this is the lavender one
and it smells so good oh my gosh it
smells so good it's very like brooding
you know I know a lot of people get
turned off with out perfumes
because they say it smells old lady
but this doesn't like I mean I'm a huge
fan of the old lady smells I loved
Mademoiselle by Chanel but that's very
older this is like a lot younger it's
like Very Berry and like rich and like
sweetness and stuff
the next place I stopped at was Mac and
that's where I got a contour stick
because I know you guys know I use the
Bobbi Brown foundations for my last
makeup video but I wanted to try
something else cuz I've been using that
for years I'm obsessed with the Mac
concealer stick in the darkest color and
it works really really well so it's
really creamy it's easier to blend them
if you get the artiste brushes they work
really well together
and of course what I always always
always wear on my lips is spice by Mac
so I percentage anyway
I just realized my bra was probably
showing like throughout half of this
haul and I don't really feel like
starting this all over so I'm just
apologizing in advance if you saw a
little bit of we're all girls here sorry
last but not least what I got at the
mall today can we have another drumroll
please
I got myself a birthday crown for next
week it's like a crystal crown that says
happy birthday for those of you who
don't know this I'm turning 21 next week
it's a big ordeal but I'm gonna vlog the
entire thing and then I'm going away
with Niki and a bunch of friends from
high school and some from college to the
our beach house for that entire weekend
so I will be vlogging that as well so
next week is going to be a very blog
tastic week when I turn the big 2 1 my
gosh I love this alright guys well
that's it that was my haul it was a very
random haul like I wasn't expect
you do a haul today but I hope you guys
enjoyed it let me know in the comments
down below if you've been liking these
Beauty issues on this channel I will
still vlog for those of you who are
asking where are the vlog but I'll see
you guys in my next video whatever that
may be mmm
