I'm going to start my makeup off with my
base Lemire makeup illuminating base by
Chanel and for my foundation I'm going
to be using my hybrid gel foundation by
Tarte in the color medium honey when I
apply my foundation I usually use my
brush at first but then I use my Beauty
Blender to touch up the areas that I
feel like my brush didn't apply the
foundation very well I did get my
eyebrows micro bladed to avoid my
eyebrow fails but I am outlining them in
concealer to help them appear more sharp
I'm using the same concealer which is
erase paste by benefit and I'm applying
that under my eyes on my nose under my
chin and under my cheekbones and now I'm
using my Bobbi Brown foundation stick
which is what I use for contouring and
it's in a really dark shade called warm
almond I believe and I'm applying that
where the contour needs to be and I'm
just blending that in with a Beauty
Blender now just a warning I do use my
Beauty Blender randomly throughout my
makeup routine so if you randomly see me
go in with a Beauty Blender it's because
of that so then I use a really light
color from the Bobbi Brown Foundation
Stix and I just apply that where I want
to highlight and I go in and blend it
with a Beauty Blender as well now it's
time to bake face and I'm using my
Chanel translucent to powder and I'm
just using a Beauty Blender to pack that
in all my cheeks and I'm just going to
leave that there to help set my makeup
as I go on and do other things I'm using
the tartlet palette in bloom and I'm
using the color sweetheart and rebel and
I'm just blending that into my crease
then I'm using the color charmer as my
whit color and I'm going for a very
matte look
now I'm just using a blending brush to
just blend in all that shadow I'm doing
a wing and I use the sofa and tart
eyeliner pen and it's very like precise
too very small tip so it helps achieve
that really really sharp eyeliner look I
like to go for and it's really really
good for wings
now I'm tight lining my eyes with my
Stila waterproof eyeliner and this stuff
I swear by it just comes out so nice and
it always stays on and now I'm
completing my eyes by applying the Too
Faced better than sex mascara onto my
eyelash extensions now I'm using my
Beauty Blender to just blend in all that
powder from before and now I'm using my
Tarte contour brush and just adding some
extra powdered bronzer to help the
contour look now I'm just using a
smaller brush and going down the sides
of the bridge of my nose to help it
appear more slim and the bronzer I use
is refine golden by Mac
now I'm using my Amazonian clay bite our
natural beauty blush and I'm just
placing opal by Becca as my highlighter
on top of my cheekbones and in the spots
that I just want it to be highlighted
and I'm just perfecting everything with
my Beauty Blender
I'm setting my makeup with my Urban
Decay makeup setting spray and then I'm
just filling in my lips with spice by
Mac
now I'm using my Kylie Jenner lip kit
and the coloreds all say Kay and I'm
using the liquid lipstick part of it not
the lip liner and I'm just placing that
on top of what I already did and just
letting it dry and yet again I'm setting
my makeup with my Urban Decay setting
spray and that is my complete look now I
know there's going to be questions about
my weaves and the truth is these are
actually extensions and for those who
don't know this I wear sowing weave so I
don't achieve these permed curls if I
just shower it just dries this way now
it's time to help me pick out my outfit
and these outfits are from Zakk Volcom
the links to these will be down in the
description box and this is my first
pick that I wanted to wear but I didn't
end up sticking with it but it was kind
of like a scream queens inspired outfit
like ladies for lunch for a coat you
know but I ended up not sticking with
that because I was feeling a little more
chill I was really feeling this
laid-back chill look the strings are a
tad long because I really had to tighten
them so I'm just holding them I also
tried on this adorable little pullover
with the sweats and I tried out this
other crop top I just had difficulty
picking out what I wanted to wear it
sweats I ended up not sticking with this
outfit because the strings were acting
really funky on me so I decided to try
on something else but before I gave up
just yet I threw on this adorable
varsity jacket that is denim it looks
like a denim jacket but it has regular
sleeves this next outfit I threw on I
felt was like a tad boring so I threw a
hoodie with it to help dress it up and
although I really love this outfit it
was like 75 degrees that's it
this next outfit is probably my favorite
but I loved it so much that I decided
that I wanted to wear it to playlist
live when I meet you guys which is
tomorrow so I decided not to wear this
out because I wanted to preserve this
and keep it all nice for then this next
outfit I tried on was another lady's for
lunch kind of look like ready for tea
it's adorable blouse and these cream and
pink striped shorts I also got this cool
bathing suit from zaple and I just felt
like showing you guys just because I've
seen this everywhere and they sell this
for a really good price so here's just a
brief little car tour because you guys
have been asking for it for a while this
is an LX 470 and this is really boring
but I have my iPhone six-plus that's a
blue sour patch gum and it's amazing I
got some tanning lotion water to keep my
self hydrated I constantly have this
filled I have the re hairspray because I
need to like constantly spray my car it
smell good and I like sprayed my hair
with that I got my bag and my blog
camera bag and I got my gym bag oh my
god it still has a tag on it and in my
gym bag oh look what it says says after
this we're getting pizza and I have my
Nikes in here and then I have a little
like water container and I have soft and
I did end up picking an outfit I did try
on and it's a mint I love mint
I picked a mint mescal teets with a
lavender bando I'm wearing some yoga
shorts and flip-flops just feeling
really chokes and I decided to put my
hair up in a ponytail anyways I'm out is
if you enjoyed my get ready with me and
let me know if you want to see more
videos like this or try on hauls kind of
thing
alright bye guys hmm
