hello okay now
beautiful hey guys it's Mesa big day and
Nikki and I are filming a collab and you
guys can all probably guess who I am
right now
but I am NOT just being Ariana for this
video I'm also being Rihanna let's go
see Taylor right now hi Taylor
Oh Taylor what are you doing because I
know I'm gonna win prom queens when I
win I'm a dolphin adele is she doing
your facial hair all right let me get
good lightning hi Adele hello
Miley my ho my god a girl Selena money
was good hey Big Sean hey Kanye
literally a room full of celebs Kim hey
guys ahh why I look like her this isn't
my face guys look at my eyebrows or not
mine oh my gosh look at elrios although
me
it's either Katy Perry's makeup you shut
your eyes oh my god I'm also yeah your
eyebrows is it this what you're scaring
me oh my gosh hi Kim ha ha yay the limos
here and let me photograph you you look
just like an L Auggie and then she I
miss Adele sick it looks like Halloween
right now we're here we don't want to
get out this is our old high school and
there's so many people here many people
at this school right now is like I'm
like freaking out crawling goe we went
by easily here I'll say this is crazy
why don't you we go oh every charity
people oh my god your outfit everything
Liberty of that dick you that's why
funny yeah over these books but my
embarrassing parts everyone knows like
everyone refers music to want to be
ariana grande and walking around I'm
already living want to be and I own it
oh my god motion is guys fuck this is
baby top promised today I don't know
figured out what us here the June yeah
is good farthest away from the stage and
wall the bleacher okay it's good mmm the
things we do for YouTube videos man it
was actually really amazing we just
can't let people like
Oh Nicky your eyes you don't think you
got an extreme case of bow talk she
looks like she looks like from steel eye
socket Cody when Cody enters the pageant
oh it was funny
Breanna my wig you can really see that
line but on camera like on the actual
camera you can see it hey guys so I'm
here with my best friend Kenny and we're
about to go vintage shopping and then
maybe hit the mall I don't know about
you guys but on Sundays I get like this
urge to like go vintage shopping or
click the again in general especially
when it starts getting warmer
I just like really like that and last
week I got a vintage Chanel bag which is
right here and ever since I've been like
so down to just get like pastel pieces
and just shop for the two stuff so
that's what we're going to do right now
I am out to some songs
but yeah I'll see you guys I'll see you
guys ask whatever shop we decide to do
hey guys I just got back from shopping
and Lily is being a little chillin Lilin
villain right now last night I was
watching a movie on my laptop and I put
my pillow where lily is so I was laying
this way instead of that way and it was
awesome anywho I'm going to show you
what I got
so at this antique shop I went to they
had a Louis Vuitton bag and it's a
vintage so I was obsessed with it I mean
I love love love authentic bags but I
had a huge love for vintage and like
older almost is at the inside it's very
cute I also got this adorable top it's
like very sparkly and it has beads on it
and I don't know I just thought it
looked very cute I also got this choker
that is so sparkly and Nicki and I are
performing in Florida this upcoming week
so I really want a really sparkly choker
necklace for the performances so yeah I
really like this next thing I bought was
this ring and if it'll focus I'm just a
huge sucker for pretty ring so
especially big gaudy ones
then I hit a little cigarette and I got
my favorite shampoo which is the BB came
to cocoa and it's so great for a shampoo
so Emmett this is it I also got a
highlighting brush and I picked up some
Laura Mercier foundation since my skin
got a tad darker from the weather
changing so a one climate I picked up
some more brows to them out of it and
this Kat Von D everlasting liquid
lipstick and let me just show you the
color it's really pretty very like
earthy it's very matte and pretty
it's like plummy and brown and then I
bought a Bobbi Brown Foundation stick I
use this to contour and stuff I also got
this necklace from Swarovski and I
always wanted like a short chain
necklace not a choker but like similar
with like a little pendant and yeah I
just think it looks really cute and I'm
obsessed with this little dot this also
comes in princess cut but I liked the
circle I treated I think like a week ago
I think that what it was like a week ago
I tweeted that I wanted to get a tattoo
and I said I'm gonna get one tomorrow
and I was really sure of it and I
thought I would have chickened out but I
actually did and I followed through and
I got a super super meaningful tattoo I
know I'm not going to show it to you
guys right now I'm not gonna like I'm
wearing a nightgown I'm not the kind of
girl that like just wants to show off a
tattoo because then it defeats the whole
purpose as to why I got it I know a lot
of people get tattoos like for show
which is fine like it's an art but I'm
not the kind of person that wants to
just be like in your face I got this
tattoo because I want to show it off I
want to like wear it like a trend no I
didn't get this tattoo to wear it like a
and to see it every day means a ton to
me word got to my parents that I got a
tattoo because I live in a household
with a bunch of siblings so obviously
got back to my parents and all they were
focused on was you're gonna regret this
you're gonna be an old lady wearing this
tattoo when you're like 80 and you're
gonna regret this and I'm like no I'm
not gonna regret this I mean not 21 yet
gonna be 21 in like three weeks
but I could just be a naive girl talking
but I'm my judgments better than that
and I'm not the kind of girl that's like
oh I'm feeling badass I'm gonna go get a
tattoo I think this looks stylish no
it's something I thought about for a
long time now and it's a quote I live by
day by day and a lot of you guys who
know me really really well guessed it
and the tattoo I got was Lafayette and
rose and correct me if I pronounced it
wrong I'm not friend and I love the
language it's a very romantic and
beautiful language so the meaning behind
this quote comes from my all-time
favorite movie Sabrina Sabrina is a
movie starring Audrey Hepburn my
favorite actress my idol my inspiration
my everything and in this movie Audrey
Hepburn goes through a very tough time
in the beginning and the beginning of
the movie she's perceived as a very
depressed young woman who was lost she
suffers with being happy with herself
and it's a very sad introduction to the
film in this film her father sends her
away to France to go to a baking school
because he wants her to follow through
her mother's footsteps and he notices
that she's very down just he just wants
her to get away and he thinks it's good
for her while she's in France she
overcomes her depression and she's
sitting in her apartment in one scene of
the movie if I can all insert the clip
but she's sitting in her apartment
writing to her father while she's
writing this letter to her father the
French doors behind her are open and
it's leading to her balcony where you
can hear the sound of a live band
playing the song la via Andros which is
a French song but it also means to live
life through rose-colored glasses to
live life life in pink is what a lot of
people say it is but the
it's not there's all different kinds of
meanings and the meaning in this movie
she tells her father that this band is
playing behind her it's called la v√≠a
and rose and it means to live life
through rose-colored glasses and that's
exactly how I decide to live life
whenever things are going wrong whenever
things are going bad
I listen to this quote and my whole
perspective changes like if I'm having a
really really bad day and I think of
this quote I'm like let me put those
rose-colored glasses on and pretend that
there's no evil in the world dearest
father we shall be graduating next week
and I shall be getting my diploma I want
to thank you now for the two most
wonderful years of my life I shall
always love you for sending me here
it is late at night and someone across
the way is playing La Vie our holes is
the French way of saying I'm looking at
the world through rose-colored glasses
and it says everything I feel I have
learned so many things father not just
how to make vichyssoise or calf's head
with sauce vinaigrette but a much more
important recipe I have learned how to
live how to be in the world and of the
world and not just a stand aside and
watch and I will never never again run
away from life or from love by this I am
taking the plane home on Friday father
you needn't pick me up at the airport
I'll just take the Long Island Rail Road
and you can meet me at the train the
4:15 huh if you should have any
difficulty recognizing your daughter I
should be the most sophisticated woman
at the Glencoe station
although a lot of people take like
tattoos in a bad route like my parents
they think it's awful they think that I
am a rebellious child and a horrible
child for getting a tattoo I don't
regret it and it's something I just
constantly need to be reminded every day
and it's in a hidden spot so no one can
see it only me myself my husband one day
and maybe if I'm going to be the suit
and take a picture but I bought a lot of
one pieces for the summer so I don't
know I'll post a picture of it on
Instagram though if you haven't seen
that already but that's it I'm not going
to try to like show it off all the time
oops
because I'm not one of those girls like
I said like I didn't get this tattoo as
a fashion statement
gosh trends come and go this is just
something that I will hold on to for the
rest of my life and I'm really happy I
get to share that with you guys
oh yeah so I'm gonna get tucked in bed
and I'm gonna put on Sabrina because I
was such an Audrey Hepburn mood
you
