hey guys it's naturally Gabby Tonya and
Adam and we are going to test out the
Kylie Jenner lip kits and do an honest
honest review and that you guys know if
it's really all the hype
right now we obviously have the lip kits
on but once we start this review we are
not going to have these lip kits on and
we're going to show you the applying or
the application process and our thoughts
throughout so we all have our own lip
glosses lipsticks on right now that
aren't the kind of interest so I'm just
gonna cast easy to point out we can take
off our makeup well our minds are going
to get really red sounds like waving and
feel really good
can we just watch fagner when I had
really really tiny lips when you did
that hair video where you would like all
the crazy hair cells for school that's
like the one video even for you my oh
and by the way guys this is my official
announcement yes I do get lip injections
hmm
I haven't announced it yet but I think
I'm 14 yeah they don't honestly like
it's not because like I hate how I look
it's just like I was so little I just
like always wanted big lips was always
fascinated in I used to watch my mom I
was like these plump plump lips put on
her makeup when I was little honestly
like I'm all about like telling everyone
you look beautiful naturally like
whatever but if something's gonna make
someone happy you're like oh yeah weight
or all about whatever makes you happy
yeah okay so we have to lift it here the
iconic iconic pocket I'm not going to
shoot the Angela yeah I don't want to do
in show my house it says Kylie and you
get a little personalized note from her
well I don't know who's around let's get
that there's four right now this is Koko
okay Pandy kay mary jo k and Posie K so
we know you want to try coke okay yeah I
don't want it wouldn't like forever I'm
like Obama's vine okay my goal say
Kate's coming in the mail though Lincoln
City I'm still waiting on the rest of my
we're gonna see you guys then we all
have
we're gonna tie and we're gonna put them
on and we'll make sure to get close-ups
for you guys were things like a so the
lip kits come with a matte liquid
lipstick that's in a really nice bottle
and it comes with a lip liner but it's
not a twisty one it's a pencil one so
I'm like scared to run out of this stuff
Wow now on to the liquid lipsticks okay
me too I know oh they look so like they
smell like cake they do they just like
oh my gosh
they dry likes pretty fast but not too
fast these are the lips kids well not
all of them there's a ton more but I
personally recommend these like what do
you guys think yeah yeah like these I
pile of Italy Omaha the color section is
just beautiful yeah but all come true
like highly really knew what she was
doing yeah like it and let me tell you
I've tried so many liquid lipsticks like
it was mainly about like beauty so yeah
oh yeah guys if you haven't already
please subscribe to these beautiful
girls Tanya's channel is linked down
below and so is Ally's and nash's all
down here oh and just so you guys know
Tanya flew all the way from Texas she's
like this sorry I always enjoy randomly
bought a plane ticket to come see us and
we're all hanging out great so much fun
yeah I don't like I don't like I think
I've had this much fun in a long I know
like so please make sure to check out
the channel and yeah let me know what
kind of video you want to see next and
you will definitely see more of all this
Castagna and if you don't even feel it
like you know like comfortable I know
like I just click yeah good job Tyler
thanks Kylie
