hello hey now hey guys so okay this vlog
is going to be an interesting one
because I just got back from LA and I
filmed a bunch of different stuff while
I was in LA and but like I don't know it
just didn't go together for one vlog it
was just like all over the place so
whatever footage I filmed in LA I'm
gonna put right here so I just got my
face baked my manual catch the light yes
life sling oh look at who decided to
come she's a trooper she's in the
hospital till 10 a.m. yeah this caller
is from Midian cheap shot
oh and then this Robert Sherman Toby
it's really cold in here all along I'm
wearing these light
so right now I am on a little dinner
date with here
and we just realized something for those
do you guys for those of you don't know
this
but you all of you guys know this
because you pointed it out in the last
vlog but anyways we look like we are
like a Chanel and a $50 shower going to
dinner like look at my outfit he picked
this out by the way it's like skirt it's
like a pastel pink skirt but this like
pastel blue top and I have this choker
and he's adorable shoes
and funny story about the shoes I
literally wanted the shoes that Chanel
warm so I went on tumblr and I looked up
like to get the looker and ever for
those shoes and it ASIS popped up
perfect
welcome and he's wearing a polo super
cute where's that from talking about
finger yeah Papa said ball that's
totally something they would put
something so yeah hey guys okay so we
want to start this video off my name is
Gabby and I'm Erin we love all of you oh
my god um I love you yeah so I had a
great time I missed you Erin if you're
watching this um but yeah I'm home in
omim bed yes this is a vintage nightgown
by the way look how cute I feel like a
princess in this so I I know a lot of
people are like hey it's not like a ball
why are you dressed like that to go to
bed I just like feeling like a princess
anywho uh I was on the longest flight of
my life today so Nicky and I usually do
virgin or JetBlue and we do the mint
service whatever and we would just hate
flying that's the only reason why we do
those kind of flights with the TVs and
up-to-date all that stuff but we needed
to get home tonight because we have a
shoot in New York City tomorrow so we
had to get back to Pennsylvania and the
only flight available was American
Airlines long story short there's no TVs
and that's fine like I'm cool with that
but it's a long flight from LA to PA so
I honestly like didn't know what to do I
bought why I found my phone but I'm
sitting there I'm like okay I'm Wi-Fi
now what you can only go on Instagram
Twitter and everything so many times I
downloaded the audible app and I saw a
lot of my youtuber friends are working
with audible so I wish out to them and
we decided that we were going to work
together as I'm on this flight I was
like let me do books and stuff and they
gave me suggestions and it was really
really awesome if you guys don't know
what audible is it's an app with over
180,000 downloadable audiobooks and if
you're anything like me to begin with
like I just hate reading books so it
made life so much easier when I
downloaded my book you can listen to
audible on an airplane flight that's
hours and hours long without a TV like I
did or you can listen to audible as
you're putting on your makeup getting
ready as you're going to bed which I'm
actually about to continue doing right
now that's why I'm mentioning this right
now I'm about to go to bed and instead
of turning on the TV I'm actually going
to finish listening to my book that I
started on the airplane this is the book
I started on the plane it's really
really good I recommend you guys
download this app and listen to the
Mademoiselle Chanel book this audiobook
goes through the life of the iconic
fashion designer Coco Chanel and I'm
recommending it to you guys because for
those of you who watch these fancy vlogs
I assume are fascinated by vintage or
fashion designers specifically Chanel so
I don't know just throwing that out
there it's just a really good book you
could download anything but yeah they
have all different kinds of genres
fiction nonfiction literature I
personally like autobiography styles
books like I love love love reading
about people from the past I have some
friends that are into periodicals and
stuff like that which they also have
audible is offering a 30-day trial for
you to try out their service go to
www.mobileaustinnotary.com
Mizell Chanel or any book of your choice
thanks audible for letting me work with
you guys make sure to check out
audible.com slash gap but yeah anywho
I'm going to listen to that as I fall
asleep I have a shoot early in the
morning so that's gonna put me to bed
really nicely but before I go to bed I
want to show you guys my dress look at
this beautiful vintage nightgown I'm
just so ready to listen to Mademoiselle
Chanel I'm in Paris this Eiffel Tower
never gets old now off to bed I go
Oh
Oh
hey guys so I'm in New York City at the
photo shoot I just got my hair and
makeup done by these lovely guys
why did we blow up a picture to show my
these are so cute oh my gosh we got it
I live for you and hi he said
why I remember I said it's 90s meets
ladies lunch you're lying in love like
the scream queens that were probably
like gone this Gators
no you just like me want to be
sexy but also like very like like I've
been like lady to likely ladies for love
like tea at the Plaza like so perfect
hey guys so I'm here with Ali Hey and
Ashley and we're all gonna go to doesn't
go out for a girls night if you guys
haven't seen Ali's liters fog make sure
you see it
she needs a girl tonight yeah really bad
hey guys so I am in my bed with the
Easter Bunny know someone's just like a
bunny I just realized I forgot to make
an outro so I'm doing the typical webcam
outro where I'm sitting in my room with
really poor potato quality but I love
you guys and thanks for watching
