hello okay now
beautiful hey guys
so Rocky's here my stylist and she just
got done changing my hair for me
basically I dyed my hair like a light
brown color chocolate color with an
ombre to like an ashy blonde this is how
it looks right now huh I'm in love this
is rocky thank you so much oh my gosh
for those of you who don't know this I
wear soin weave it's like an African
American thing to do but I think it's
the best way to do extensions there's
all different kinds of extensions
there's fusion there's dream capture
extensions there's tape and clip in but
I live for sewing so Ali and I are
currently in target and we're shopping
for Lilly's Easter basket be stopping
so I was totally just going to come here
for Lily and then of course we had a
walk past the room decor section and
look at this painting like isn't it
adorable now he said she passes the
other day and thought of me
I'm buying it I didn't have the as much
luck as I thought I'd have yeah hi Josh
hi um I don't have as much luck as I
thought I'd have it wasn't very
successful
I found a cake a recipe book a basket Oh
dog treats that are in there and I'm
just going to look first Afghan law or
something at Walmart and then call it a
night it just the night before but I'm
dyeing eggs with the one and all my
brother who you guys will be a stupid to
see ain't he gorgeous
oh this is my egg is like my family
Vicky this TV I see you've been dying
yeah did you patient see I only started
and of course the only color I need
which is pink I do it nice of course
like the only color I need which is pink
is the dud color like you know how
there's always the dud color
well I this has been in here for so long
and it's so light like I'm so upset and
of course I'm drinking water from my
bunny mug if you guys have watched my
room tour you know this is usually
sitting on my vanity and it won't focus
there we go we're watching hop from that
mug water I just said that then you show
everyone your outfit are you excited for
the Easter Bunny come here it says bunny
licious on her hoodie and the hood has
bunny ears look it's Adam Lilly come
over there USA to see the Easter Bunny
are you excited Lilly grown you excited
to see the Easter Bunny come here three
more you have idea mommy's right here
good morning guys it's Easter and my
family is about to go to the country
club we belong with my grandparents or
Easter brunch I can't get over how long
my hair's anywho I am trying to pick out
my Easter outfit I have a few options I
pulled some vintage gowns from my
inventory downstairs I also like this
vest though so I don't know I can't tell
what should I wear
Oh
hey guys so this is my outfit I decided
to wear and it's really feathery and
girly and I decided to wear my hair
loose because I'm obsessing with my
extensions anyways I am at my family's
Country Club so to be quiet and like
careful about when I film because
there's like a lot of like legal things
because it is a country club before my
days Snatcher oh crap no oh
awkward I can't get over how long my
hair is Nick I'm just worried about
subjet wearing the shoes again because I
am just obsessed last year I took a
selfie right here so I kind of want to
do that again just to be like yo last
year versus this year so I'm back home
and I'm watching Eastern movies on my TV
with Lily I'm already in like my onesie
because whenever I get really dressed up
I just like really want to wear comfy
clothes but just wanna let you guys know
I tried uploading a vlog last night and
there is like a music copyright claim so
I to take it down there's so much going
on with that whole copyright music claim
whatever that the earliest I can get
that vlog back up is probably Wednesday
after we figure out all the clearing and
stuff so the next vlog you see after
this I'm gonna black hair because it's
before today if anyone acts all
confusing the comment section of my next
vlog please help them out and just tell
them like the vlog was filmed before
this one confusing I know so when I got
home I realized that there's been a
package sitting here since I got back
from LA of like all my new clothes that
I ordered from daffle and they are so
cute look at this I ordered this I mean
what else is new it's not real fur by
the way I don't wear real fur
it's just though
but it's silky and satin on the inside
and it's like a lighter pink on the
inside and then it's like a warmer pink
on the outside and you look super retro
I'm obsessed with the color so I know
the ones your season's over but on the
East Coast it gets really really freakin
chilly so I'm just like keeping it I
also got this cute romper
it's like sheer at the top and I don't
know I just I could totally see myself
wearing this with like the hair I have
now like hoops or something I don't know
it's so adorable it's a little sheer
though so I'm probably going to wear
like a slip or something under I got
this super cute striped blouse it looks
very Parisian and it ties into a bow let
me do that too look at this
this is so cute imagine this under this
oh my gosh
I'm obsessed these two looks so cute
together
I got this really long pencil sequin
skirt and it's white sequins but they
shine like a gold pinky color I'm just
like super retro or super like 90s
grunge or just super ladies for lunch
kind of look so I feel like this just
fits with my style and because I'm
starting to get warmer here in
Pennsylvania I got this cute little
beach dress and it's really tight and
fitted and cute and it's like a
symmetrical at the bottom so it's like
lace and asymmetrical and fitted and
super cute and ask padding for the boobs
so you know I don't have to wear a bra
with this dress thank God
and it's like slightly like pushup so
they don't like do the trick I really
really like dresses that come like this
because it just makes life so much
easier I got this cute cute cute purse
from the same site it looks like a
Chanel bag but it's not but it's
adorable
see you can fit a lot in this too
it's super cute for events and stuff
I've been getting a lot of questions
about my shoes I wear at beautycon and
this was a separate order I got from
example like I'm just it's just a new
sight I'm like all about it's really
good prices these are vintage styled
blue pointed toe pump and I'm obsessed
with these I got these like a month ago
maybe they're still in stock but I wear
these to beautycon and I got them from
the same site I got everything else yeah
that's pretty much it so all the items
are gonna be linked down below if you
guys want to buy the same things I
bought and yeah this is the end of
today's vlog and the next vlog you're
gonna see is the one that I was supposed
to upload before this one so I'll have
black hair in it
but it's still a good vogner make sure
you guys see that I'll see you guys in
that one which will probably be up in
the next few days love you guys bye
