hello okay now
beautiful I woke up super super early to
go get a blowout I've never had a
blowout done to my hair before but a lot
of my friends from LA have recommended
it they say like it's awesome it's worth
it and you don't have to like wash your
hair for for a few days because it's
going to be styled for a bit so that's
something I'm going to try out and yes I
touch my hair all the time so they just
started making these new things at
Starbucks which is like sparkling
passionfruit tea it's really really
really good guys
I'm currently on Rodeo Drive in Beverly
Hills Nikki's getting her hair done and
I just got mine done but I have some
time to kill since she isn't really
she's going to be stuck there for a
while and then we have a meeting at 4
o'clock so I got I'm going to eat and
window-shop
while we're waiting and I'll take you
guys with me
I just got a text from Nicki and she is
saying like oh my god she's getting her
hair done by the way I'm scared right
now my hair looks insane pardon me it's
feeling like I shouldn't have touched it
oh my fuck I need you here this is what
I'm talking about sometimes people just
need to leave their hair alone because
it looks good just the way it was I mean
I could tell you from experience I have
had my hair every other color but I will
always go back to black because that's
just like my go-to color and I'm just
not going to touch it so I'm back at the
apartment
Nicki is finishing getting her hair done
I stopped to check on her she's starting
to like her hair now I put mine in a
ponytail it's just really really really
hot in this apartment it's really hot
outside and I was walking around in a
jacket and long pants and whatever um
so Nicki told me that our manager said
we have an event to go to tomorrow
morning so we're going to shop for
outfits tonight it's like a last minute
thing and I have to book like a hair
appointment tomorrow morning before the
event it's crazy because I don't even
know what the event is I'm going to get
that information and then I think I'm
going to go get another blowout tomorrow
morning for the event thank you I'm
really liking the texture the blowout
made my hair I've never had one before
in my life and definitely something I'm
going to keep doing okay so I got
changed for my meeting or our meeting
I have a meeting at WME which is our
agency and our manager is meeting a
source of income as well we got a car to
tell you guys that yesterday I started
vlogging and halfway through this area
like by noon I was completely growing up
felt like
I wasn't nasty I was shopping I was
walking down Melrose spikes movies got
my eyelash extensions on and I'm walking
I'm like oh there's Nasty Gal they're
not kidding that when you get food
poisoned it just like hits you I was
just looking at the earrings in Austin I
felt like I was going to projectile
vomit so I like ran up to the employee
and I was like oh my god I need a bath I
was like oh we have a bathroom just for
the workers I was like do I really need
about them so she opens the door and as
she said she's like just sounds like
putting in a walk and turning it I throw
up
like everywhere when she opens the door
I didn't even make it the toilet I like
being threw up in the toilet for the
last mouthful but the worker was just
like what I'm not going to say the name
of the band where I know I got food
poisoning from but I let the curfews if
I got home
all the reviews said oh I got food
poisoning from here and I was like hey
guys so I am a peaceful so we are with
Alisha not you Nikki because what you
count as me so Alisha
we're not focusing right and application
kabloosh Oh Nick yeah
we are who have a booster meeting at
innervated restaurant what it does cause
it's called true boo trip ever
I ordered a lemon a vanilla then what
was it
sparkling okay I remember when I ordered
I ordered sparkling um lemongrass
vanilla lemonade you're looking at me
yeah okay I've been waiting for you to
stop so I can box oh wait um what was
that drinks so the Bellamy's
sparkling vanilla lemon grass juice or
lining guys now the next morning and we
are on our way to the event and I found
out what the event was egg whites
Jeannie my brunch so this is my outfit
oh these are the earrings that I bought
when I was in Nasty Gal
and threw up I look so pink right now I
also there's like a little bone on top I
was gonna do a ponytail but ever I would
be like stop trying to go around a so
the bonnet is just get everybody in
there this looks really good Stephen
kisses middle
I said this is really good I don't like
kids I need to learn how to love campus
really good pretty sure
I think though you show me I don't know
I haven't thought I was literally
vlogging about how you were terrified of
your hair oh yeah guys this is hair I
just realized that if you film your hair
look at these girls with the pastel hair
we lose your hair
she's going to teach me how to maintain
the color I am I'll give you all the
tips chuckling like the conditioner
trick should I make my pesto I mean
she'd be two picks all she wears is pay
with a weave and yet I might don't ruin
you have kids opposed ran I was just
watching your movie everyone who's like
watching this knows that on snapchat was
literally snapping the Cheetah Girls to
show them No
you don't like each other
did you guys know tylo so Nikki and I
are in the car on the way to top five
laws and we don't know what to expect
you think oh my gosh my battery's like
dead I have to my pain now hey guys so
um I'm just wrapping up editing this
tonight's a vlog but I just wanted to
let you guys know how appreciative I am
we hit 3 million subscribers this
morning and I know I didn't mention it
in the first clip of the vlog was just
so busy getting ready for the event and
it just like flew past me but when I
first opened my eyes this morning I had
a nightmare last night by the way I was
like really bad I'm really scary and I
woke up and I was like oh my god think I
was just a nightmare and then I look at
my phone and the first thing I go do
sometimes when I wake up is a little
edits you guys make on Instagram I go to
that like that part of Instagram you
know what I mean that little like polar
right thing and then I like to look at
edit you guys make girly little things
you tagged me in like usually where I
finally the cutest things and I saw at
the 3,000,000 I'm like I got what it it
blew my mind and I promise no matter
where life takes me I'm not gonna change
like I'm still the girl that can lecture
you on how to grow long hair and I'm
still the girl obsessed with Audrey
Hepburn and cupcakes and I still live in
that pink little room I'm not changing
I'm not going anywhere I've never
changed I just grew up and I got fake
big lips
all right well I love you and thank you
so much
