hello okay now
beautiful hey guys I am in LA and we are
in our Airbnb apartment if you don't
know what that is you basically rent an
apartment for however long you're going
to be here and Nikki and I decided
whenever we come out here to LA this is
going to be the Airbnb we rent out every
time and I'll give you like a little
apartment or the couch it's where we e
my room is a mess but yeah I set up a
few of my things I'm actually about to
go out the pool and take pictures with
Nikki and these are my Chanel sunglasses
that I promised to show you guys and I
never actually showed you in I'm sorry
about that but yeah these are my Chanel
sunglasses they have the little C's
right there and they're tan and black
and Willow but right now I am wearing
these adorable beach shorts that I got
from Target and I'm wearing like these
adorable tie up shoes that I wore in
Palm Springs all the time let's go check
on Nikki
hi Nikki I decided let's go check on
Nikki yeah well I'm slide hey guys so
I'm back from the pool with Nikki we
took pictures and then I got her
Starbucks like wow that chairs loud
I got her Starbucks and I already
finished mine I got an iced chai tea
latte and yeah it's sad that's already
gone but I also got um let's get rid of
this
um I got a protein pack I can't eat this
you guys called me out my last video
because it's celiac latest and all that
stuff so bye-bye
yeah sometimes just you guys know
sometimes I don't like take care of
myself and I should alright so I'm on
tumblr right now and ooh wow that's cute
alright what Nikki
Nikki's vlogging
Oh guys this is my tumblr if you didn't
know I have one you should totally
follow me what what I don't know that's
not my tumblr song I swear no yeah I'm
gonna fix that it's supposed to play
Moon River all nice and pretty when you
get to my page that's clearly messed up
but yeah this is my tumblr it's very
girly I reblog anything fancy and cute
and like things that I would want to
take pictures like I don't know this is
kind of like my info for my Instagram
and if you guys don't follow my
Instagram please make sure to do so but
yeah this is it just really really
really girly stuff and yeah I fix my
music players a lot of one I think he's
told me to turn this off because she
says it's creepy where it's Audrey
Hepburn
this Gabby it's creepy
stop stop ah you're so creepy I'm gonna
throw them at your feet wait my favorite
parts coming up wait wait this part
that's coming up isn't scary
hey guys so teyla's here hello and we're
about to go get some sushi and shop
looking strong just alright these
different I just got them look at team
of shoes they're cute every CVG you're
so adorable
yeah I did a topknot and I don't usually
do these and I'm kind of scared that it
makes me look creepy so how long have
you been doing this how long have you
been doing
uber oh boy
how interesting is it
I know you like it what's like the way
to store you have of people that come in
to you it is no wait stories isn't it
like a $200 fine if somebody vomits in
the Box me
so we'll has anyone ever had to pay that
for you know person is that you have
very very infinity like heavens in Kabul
so against Kela are already at the
Cheesecake Factory I told them I'm going
to meet them because I needed to pick up
a few things at Topshop and Sephora I'll
give you a quick little haul when we get
back to the apartment but here I'm going
to go meet them for food stairs or
escalator I think I'm gonna go with
escalators okay guys so I'm going to do
a quick little haul as promised so the
first place I went into was Topshop and
the first things I saw were these babies
how adorable I'm obsessed with these
they're cute little like fuzzy princess
slippers oh my gosh oh my feet I'll just
like music I know right
and if you think that looks like
princessy look at this cap I got it's
like a hat like cat thing
come on like look at this to you oh my
god what the heck
so then I got this top it's the top that
like snaps at the bottom I think a
little cute with like really high
waisted tight jeans and pumps or
something I don't know I picture outfits
in my head
by them me too the next thing I got was
this shirt with eyelashes on it and for
some reason I don't know why it reminds
me of Breakfast at Tiffany's and I think
it's because Holly Golightly like had
that I mask with eyelashes on it so it's
just pretty cute oh man this came undone
but I got like this hair clip things I
don't even know what it is I feel like
he's a pin it on a blazer or like put it
in your hair there's like two clips but
yeah I just thought it was cute and I
felt like I could like do something with
it then I went into Sephora and I got
the Urban Decay setting spray because I
want this focus because I left mine at
home
so I got more or boring cleansing oil
that Koreans and therapy stuff that I
use I put it in my how to get clear skin
video if you guys watch that I put this
on after I take off my makeup and last
but not least I got my Sephora pearl eye
mask and I'm gonna put this on when I
take off my makeup tonight yeah
so Tia and I got all excited and our
bikini that's so excited we had she got
hot tub the hot tub was white boy it was
cause it was all
talk about disappointment right there
and guess what these bathrooms I just
want to go in a hole and Sheila's pasta
spilled all over the inside of this bag
so I'm going to go here I don't want
them hands but he was gonna film me
going to the other and pretend this is
oh my god oh my god
one
