hey now hey guys and welcome to my Miley
life yeah I called this life my Miley
life because I have a Hannah Montana
life of my Miley life I might like this
school head and Brielle unfortunately is
at work tonight Missy Brielle um but
yeah this is where I do my makeup and
get ready I sit on the stool it's very
low-key absolutely love it
I just wanted to take a moment to let
you guys know how appreciative I am of
you guys I know on the main channel it's
a mix of lovers and haters and I'm so
appreciative for those who support me
but I feel like on this channel it's
filled with people that genuinely like
to watch me and don't care if I have a
white splotch on my neck or if my lips
look messed up or if my eyebrows look
like ' I feel like I am not judged on
the channel and is solely people that
just genuinely want to take a step
inside my life and that's why I'm not
ashamed or afraid to be me and to show
you guys how I go about my days let me
just say my lips look black right now
and they're not let me fix the lighting
oh wow now they look even more black
it's like that Tarte stuff that is like
red it's like wine red and I put it on
and it looks black let's go check on
everyone dude
vibrator hi this is my boob run hi this
is my boo
Nino happy and y'all already met Kenneth
E hi lil happy oh look
hi Lily see I'm acting really cute and
mommy's trying to film a room tour but
I'm a really cute yeah the cameras on
her - she's acting like this
she was fine just a little girl sit up
come on
no did my bed see this is my band no I
live in with the sauce who do you think
you are Lily hmm alright so over here
get like like I want so I just did my
hair and makeup because Nicki and I are
going to be doing intros and outros
anywho I've been getting a lot a lot a
lot of questions about my hair and I'm
going to answer them so a lot of you
guys have been asking what kind of
extensions I wear and these are this is
like a so an extension like you can't
take them out it's braided and sewn into
your hair and if you don't know what
that is look up a so and we've
installation and you can see how its
installed yeah this is really long it's
like 22 inches I got put in and I got
really thick hair and virgin hair
obsession supplies my hair and rock star
style from my area
installs my hair for me the maintenance
is like once every month or every two
months
it doesn't hurt getting installed it's
very manageable I shower I wash this
hair
I swim with this hair it's as if you
grew this hair out of your head you
could treat it any way you want you
could curl it you can straighten it you
can do whatever my basement so we are
calling subscribers we were going to do
truth or dare but it would have gotten
too low yeah my parents are trying to
sleep they work tomorrow it's like I am
going to call fans but I'm going to be
using the lyrics of Adele song hello and
I'm not allowed to use any other words
but the lyrics from that song I'm gonna
be dying love let's do this one first
hello hello its me I was wondering the
stories you liked me too they say the
time supposed to heal ya but I ain't
done much healing
hello its meaning
I was wondering if after all these years
you'd like to meet to go over everything
they say that times supposed to heal ya
but I've done much in Hell can you hear
me
I'm in California dreaming about who we
used to be when we were younger and free
I've forgotten how it felt before the
little peak the sardines
you get it Shaner so bad
goodbye goodbye goodbye goodbye it's me
it's me ah this is a fun game hello
hello Scottie it's me oh hello it's me
I was wondering if after all these years
you'd like to meet okay your glow over
everything okay they say that times
supposed to heal you but I'm delighted I
am I feeling
you can know me
yeah I'm kinda follow I dream you know
that gurus to be with me okay so my
camera died
we're using my phone and this is the
grand finale
hello hello its me I was wondering if
after all these years you'd like time go
over everything they say The Times bows
day but I endure cheering hello
I'm sorry for breaking your you never
seem to be oh hello clearly and it tear
you apart anymore I said to say I think
we butchered that song we killed okay oh
I would be saying good morning but good
afternoon um I have just been running
around all day today it's pretty much
almost sunset I'm sitting in my car just
got done with running some errands I
don't know if you know this but Nicky
and I are leaving for Los Angeles
tomorrow I have so many errands to run
not like I suck at vlogging and I'm
really nice too harsh let me know what
you guys thought about last night's
prank calls I don't know about you guys
but I thought they were hilarious
like I'm still cracking up about them I
just want to apologize in advance like I
was gonna try to vlog today but I forgot
my ball camera and I was the beat
using my phone again so I was like oh
I'm using enough phone clips in this
vlog and I was like whatever and I'm
vlogging right now on my phone
stupid me left my ball camera but yeah
we're going to LA tomorrow I'm super
excited and when I get home from running
my errands or I'll just pull out my
phone or vol cameras are blogging so
just apologizing for being a little off
today
