it's the annual the squad gift exchange
so I know you guys look forward to that
every gabfest so that's exactly what
we're about to do we're all gonna sit on
the couch and exchange presents last
year we did it in my closet this year
we're doing it on the couch goes right
by the tree and it's like a little more
Christmasy this outfit is machinae I
think because I know I'm gonna get a lot
of questions on it if I find it online
I'll post a link down below and yeah
let's go out there and exchange some
gifts okay guys so we did this last year
and we're gonna do it again you guys
seem to love to watch this every year
this is the third you ever doing this I
know I know that you won't be spiking
yes you want me to go we did it already
two years old yeah how do we usually do
this there we go the nose is one person
like you yeah that's why I think you'll
give like me and affricates that all
give like you take okay all right so -
oh and then this is for Gabby because I
have to institute it with my god
so yeah this is the cutest roseola
Michael Kors bag I see in my life
I know you love your camera it's funny
because I was shopping with Colin at the
King of Prussia Mall and he we were I
was trying to shop on a budget and or
just shop for people and not for myself
and I was like walking past Michael Kors
he's like don't look don't look don't
look and I saw rose gold in there I'm
sure yeah I know this is like so yeah it
is so cute this is going on the cob
looks like this is gonna go like with
everything Gabby has gold oh good I
think how pretty I know you love your
philosophy yeah I love philosophy so
much they always have the best I know
I'm in here around the holidays you
always liked by all this done mm-hmm and
they also go on the ground oh my god it
smells like hey nice it smells like a
shimmering shimano lace how pretty is
that the Greeks know I shouldn't use
open okay okay so I'm helping this first
I know yeah planet G over little
nametags oh right yeah z ii Oh
yeah yeah yeah Oh
yeah this is gonna fit me like a killer
it will go with like always I'll fix ya
our book uh-huh
did you block out the first week of
March for black Queens uh yeah I can I
that's not even bring your copper yeah
yeah I got you but I want to get another
job oh no I love the bag all right
it might like a Polish pink undo the bow
yeah yeah that is so smart because you
kids like nothing will look like fall
wait let me see if you guys got the
right one good yeah I mean you got me a
highlighter oh yeah yeah you know this
is actually my second of the Mike oh
yeah
I want to own one product from her yeah
but there's no good it's just that I
never it
I barely shuffle in line I don't know
why oh my god what this is so cute just
a boss like wait wait we wait I started
about rim is so hard to like I'm high
Hey Oh
oh my god so cute I like it yeah I know
there was like a black one with like
only a little bit of that pattern I was
like I'm gonna take the wall you know I
just got I'm gonna bag this color so
really thinks I'm gonna mad well it's
brilliant you know that likes in it but
fits all your cart yeah yes that's why
is she you laughs a michael cord length
you let you give her something you gave
her something he would add it there you
probably didn't want you give it
something she said I'm gonna use as you
want and I took because I wanted one of
these yeah I have never used a wallet
since I got my car folder really yeah so
much is it yeah in the back
yeah I got some cute thanks - yeah it's
just like those warnky like those papers
to come yeah like it's like the official
oh and this guy gets to hurt you yeah I
think you guys could use like all the
other little stuff in there - yeah I'm
gonna have to wrap those and it was like
growing these that I was like this is
cute I'm have to fix this thanks I want
it together yeah whatever but it is good
I wonder which colour I forget which
color is coming that Coco on it's my I
think my favorite lip gloss
damn Gina like that's my favorite lip
gloss I think it's in there or just our
matte and gloss - yeah this is my
favorite I was in was it Neiman Marcus
and there's a the matte counter and I
walked by it and I want
holiday stuff really yeah I usually get
it well let me oh that's that's just a
box or place they going oh my but it's
over the little bag it's so pretty I
love that one I was wait is this one
vanilla this is a perfect highlight yeah
no matter what yeah it can also like
sheers when opalescent I already have
this one for that I use this highlight
yeah and then cuz that one it's one for
normal but they put it in the holiday
with the glitter dust gold oh my god I
look so cute do I have to wear like
eyelash glue on my lids before I put the
glitter on you can but I do in a prep
and prime were like alright but the
school is the best thing before it
drives yeah right I'm gonna do I'm gonna
wear this on Christmas Eve yeah you
can't I only I really did it always with
a little bit of spray and then my first
were like I do I like included how many
say like okay with a brush uh-huh yeah
there's more stuff even when the big
even when they're prepping you to prime
dries it's the glitter so stays on yeah
yeah that's why it I thought he wasn't
gonna we're gonna do yeah yeah did you
wear glitter on your eyes for like a
blood queens episode and it like I was
like kind of just have that say alright
yeah I can't open it
you want me to open it yeah cuz the lil
bit my nails mean I'm getting impatient
I'm not going to get you guys to go with
you oh my god shut up
such need of setting spray and setting
spray for like to wait whatever y'all
doesn't remember how women to New York
and they have very different smells so
sorry
snowball kit prepping forgot the coconut
again yeah they're almost out
yeah yeah different setting spray yep
yeah they're like coconut one is rose
and it was like yeah yeah I got it
started like shave election I want to
put it wrong like you so many I didn't
even see the down there oh my gosh
mascara brush it was like what is that
my shattered eyeshadow and then you can
use it I believe like this
these are on there yeah yeah they are I
love this little bags cute you were
playing with it don't want it yeah I
like it too it's like everything's so
big yeah what do you guys doing for New
Year's I don't know I kinda through New
Year's party yeah me NGO we're trying to
figure out what we're gonna do if I
throw and will you guys come yeah yeah
oh my god yeah want me to know what I
mean you have the floss and I'm like
that's why I asked the girl is there
only one exercise or like she's like
yeah I need just about my phone cuz I've
been losing my phone so often really
because the phone case ya know we all
have the case I love it it gave my god
it's so cute dude I should like I was
gonna put like a clear with the cuz this
it feels like it's like geek oh come on
so I was just gonna do like a clear-cut
Irish so cute
yes Nash God so cute now you know and
yeah we all have it wedding yeah I don't
have my phone here but look at that
sparkle where's the key right here a
panini I know it really shine you your
cure everybody show really yeah yeah I
just really always do everything cuz it
works with everything
oh yeah
things like oh my god I'm so excited
what are you doing that kirakira know I
try to take any thanks guys I know do it
every year even in the next year's a
little different yeah change honey miel
and just a little heads up because I
have been getting a lot of questions
about when season two of blood queens is
coming up and we're filming that in
March we have everything in the works
right now wardrobes almost finished and
to show you guys yeah I have already my
sweet I mean the most important are the
Wardrobe right I'm kidding but for real
this time it's gonna be like more elite
and professional we're gonna travel it's
not going to be here it's gonna be a
destination where we're filming and
we're gonna have a camera crew like I'm
so really good camera crew V not so fun
I think
awesomeness is helping us with this hey
guys so I'm currently in the car and I
changed into something a little more
warm because I'm heading to some kind of
studio in the area where Nikki and I are
gonna be filming a music video for the
new king Gavi channel so be excited I'm
not gonna tell you what song it is I
don't know if nikki is mentioning it in
her vlog mess or not so if you want to
check out what the song is potentially
on her channel you can go check that out
and this isn't what I'm wearing for the
video by the way my alpha is there
already so I just thought I'd wear
something comfortable while I Drive and
listen to some Christmas music
I don't want this even
I just got to the location where we're
filming our video it is so stunning it's
my style to a tee for building like
these vintage microphone yeah it's like
right up my alley sick you pick see I'm
always thinking about pictures in my
vlogs I'm like this is a good pic and
like there's a little table set up those
are my shoes that I'm wearing and this
is like the clothes for today and a
mirror then you go back here and it's
like Gabi's furniture Wonderland like
like seriously I want to buy all these
chairs were you even get chairs like
this like I have one chair like this in
my vintage closet and I literally had to
hunt that down but yeah there's a bunch
of vintage chairs oh my god this looks
like a throne I love that one there's a
bed over here I thought look a little
creepy with this sheet over it
everything a haunted house but you take
it off and it's a shabby-chic Wonderland
it's like a vintage shop in here I feel
like I'm having so much fun just looking
around at everything chandelier in the
box they said they're taking out one of
the vintage couches for our video so
that obviously makes me exciting gonna
take you guys to the bathroom because
even that this looks like a little
theater bathroom or like a pin-up girl
bathroom so cute you come over here
there's these red velvet curtains and
the chandelier I know it's a freakin
bathroom but it's still cute well I love
bathrooms I think they look really
pretty sometimes like if they're
decorated all vintage like was I shoot
them here that's out here
what the hell this is creepy should I go
in here handsome are so how can I make
it a handsome art yeah so here is my
first outfit for this shoot it's pink
and it's flowy and has some trumpets
please this is what it looks like over
there
hey guys so I just got to the gym and
I'm gonna go work out I would vlog
myself working out more actually just
worked out before I started vlogging
this and now I'm gonna work out more but
I wanted a break and pause and just
update you guys then about the gym but
I'm not gonna blog myself working out
because I look a little crazy what a
workout so sweaty and gross and for
those of you who are gonna say that I'm
dumb for working out with makeup on well
I'm supposed to meet someone for dinner
after this so I'm just gonna go like
this
after I work out so I'm gonna need to
use a face mask eventually like later
tonight yeah so guess who's gonna start
making YouTube videos again no no that's
all right here oh no but they're gonna
be a little different than before oh
this is dot this is dot this is my staff
Danna morning dot cuz your stuff do you
know oh yeah okay okay it's my stuffed
animal yes but there's a mess I was just
fixing my hair
so his contents gonna be a little
different than it was before he's gonna
put his first video I think well his
most recent video it's gonna go up like
this week we're working on it right now
it requires his room in the apartment so
yeah yeah we're gonna have to fix that a
little bit but I just wanted to bring up
a conversation because as you guys I
don't know if you saw but I'm gonna
pretend you guys did see it cuz it got a
lot of views if you guys saw the I'm a
cheater video you guys know that I met
Colin at the beach but I said it was a
work party because where he worked was
having like a work party on the beach
and the other day I was looking through
the comments I saw on somewhere that you
guys are like hmm I wonder what kind of
work party like where what was the job
or whatever and the only reason I'm
bringing this up right now is because
I'm gonna ask Colin if he wants to go
here now would even go there like to eat
yeah cuz I'm starving
this isn't news to my subscribers about
like that I like this place but you know
where Colin used to work KFC KFC and
Long John Silver's it's like
both but anyway this work party on the
beach where I met him was a KFC work
party yeah like a bunch of our
co-workers we all took a beach trip and
that's the beach trip where I met Nash I
met Nash through Colin Nash was Colin's
friend and she was at his KFC work party
she worked at KFC but yes I have a lot
of friends from KFC and that's a fun
fact that nobody knows about me and
everyone knows I love can't see though
but I've been trying to get like the
healthier options there lately yeah you
want to go I do no good Casey okay so
we're in the KFC drive-through memories
we used to go on dates here all the time
this is like our secret headquarters
like this is sweet this is where we
would meet up when I wasn't public with
him and I had to hide him from everyone
like literally this is this was the
secret absolutely no what breaks this is
so funny like we were saying if we get
married and have kids we'd make a
scrapbook when but that's the first
amazed when we have kids what if when
okay if there are potential children in
the future we would make a scrapbook we
saved all of our KFC receipts we need to
order one
we're so busy but talking about children
you always have like lotions in your
cupholders and perfume
I'm putting it all into the glove box if
you like to spin up this is about to be
like a lip balm so we just loaded it in
the first big bag thank you thank you
oh we should say taking the receipt to
put in the children's book anyways like
we were saying we always said that if we
have kids we'd make an out photo album
of all of our pictures of us falling in
love and like little like movie stubs
and receipts and stuff but majority of
the receipts would be KFC we always said
we were gonna be like your mother and
father Medicaid feed we loved each other
very much
sorry this footage is a little lopsided
first of all we're at my parents house
and second of all my vlog camera is
sitting on a KFC box as a makeshift
tripod I would Mook bong or whatever but
I know people would take awful
screenshots of me eating chicken and try
to make me feel bad for eating chicken
so I'm not gonna do that if I'm gonna
eat anything from the camera it's gonna
be mashed potatoes and green beans so
okay guys so that's my cue
I'm gonna end this vlog this was an
interesting one we started out a little
bougie and we ended it with a bang so I
guess this means I'll see you guys in my
next dance see a vlog that's so funny
that you just said you started out I
can't say bye
