hello okay now
beautiful guys work where are we going
right now Kentucky fast shifty and who
turned you on to that yeah we're gonna
get Kim why because Gabby loves Casey
I forgot the pack of everything
Oh
I'm eating chicken flg sauce yeah I
wanted to see your reaction to your KFC
that focus on ya
did you order the same thing as me
look at them with their subway they're
all healthy and her hey guys so it is
the next day and see I say hi and we're
all fetus my brother sent us and we're
waiting for our breakfast at this like
lounge place we're right next door to
the restaurant where we made
reservations for breakfast so we're just
chillin at this like chill of fun fact
I'm Gabby's number one fan especially
her vlog Channel oh she's a fancy baby
she's so I came home and put on some
makeup and now we are filming the intros
and outros to our collabs I think we
make ups way to way ELISA
yeah I feel like Superboy
um I'm right next to like way more Minds
than you so I don't want to get at you
look away you're going swimming today
guys look how awesome that is we're
ready to feel but they collected all the
rainbow colors in the house I keep it
like aesthetically pleasing I mean my
eyebrows way too darn sure you're ready
to do a lot oh ha ha
Yeah right Demi Lovato they move on it
so we just got done with the subscribers
meet up and find our house oh I think
it's a lady um sometimes drivers pulled
up and ring the doorbell and they know
how they knew where we lived or where we
were safe so ever they all kept saying
Alicia's blog so we're like oh sure but
now I loved meeting everyone it was so
I absolutely love meeting all you guys
it's always adorable and I'm giving you
those tight hug it was so funny because
we weren't expecting it we're all
getting ready to film our intros and
outros for the videos and then also that
Alicia comes up to me good so there's
subscribers out sideways yes and I was
like wait
remaining tomorrow some by the time this
video goes up is about the time you guys
will probably watch leashes old dog and
realize the addresses and realize we're
not here anymore
sorry but yeah we're going to go film
the intros and outros
so yeah we're just trying to like chill
and swim that we love our subscriber is
like we will love to meet every single
line guys but in terms of trying to be
on vacation and finally do
it's like but we want to be last but we
also want to try to make it at the same
time sup guys
so I'm about to go swimming with Sierra
so well Alicia's finishing filming
something and Nikki's about to join us
but this is the pool it's cute for the
mountains it's just so freaking
beautiful greetings from of the pool
we're just relaxing by the pool just
having a girl down honestly like I'm
from the East Coast this is just like
unreal like I didn't think I'd be going
to Los Angeles it seemed palm trees let
alone being in a desert after being in a
Tundra for a couple weeks training oh
yeah I'm sorry my vlogs are so dizzy I
just like hold the camera as I'm going
through my days so like I don't even
realize like oh this angle is gonna make
people dizzy so just really sorry about
that
why are you don't know anything
good morning guys it is the next day
I've heard that my last day because we
were just having a girls night keeping
it real chill we played like fun little
games I guess and I just went in for
nations and then I went to bed anyways
we are out to get breakfast here in Palm
Springs and I got a malted mocha my
steam as I sat down i spilt it
everywhere literally everywhere so I
walked in felt bad and he gave me um a
new one for free but as soon as I
ordered it and I walked over to like the
shelf thing where they put the drinks on
it was already done it was like within
like five seconds it was like sitting
there with my name on it and everything
I'm like what the heck but yeah it's
pretty good it was like literally there
before you ordered it mm-hmm
watch there be like another Gabriela who
ordered the same boiling his name just
caught it like that
whoo oh my god what if this is actually
my drink and this was Jessica whoa I am
an idiot I look at Alicia
live from Alicia's living room we're
getting low back from Palm Springs and
we're getting ready to go to the mall
since it's Nicky night last night here
until 2:00 and two weeks from now with
me back but so last night till then so
we just decided we're going to go
shopping what we do best and my mission
is to get like Chanel sunglasses because
I wish I have the most adorable viewer
ones and I like want ones with the Seas
on it take himself yeah and oh I have to
get a lip liner that I ran out of today
and some lush products cuz you know you
can never go wrong with lush right my
biggest fan it's marching me oh great
now she's honestly the biggest like fan
of My Damn Channel she's a fancy P she's
aa baby baby literally no you guys think
I'm joking I'm not joking she literally
she's literally the first one to watch
all of my vlogs early and I was watching
you edit them and I was dying because I
was like and it was just so funny oh my
god my hair looks like I came out of the
80s I just took out my French braids and
I think I know what happened why it's so
crimped so I had them in French braids
we were in like a hundred degree weather
and I think they it like it was it
affected my hair like a crimper I liked
it he did it he did my hair so it stays
like this because my hair is black and
it attracts heat so my head got so hot
it was like the same as like a curling
iron or a crimper but now it's like
really really creepy
Nikki and Alicia we're eating each
other's and we're like they just
realized oh my gosh
we did granted to a ton of subscribers
at the mom
they are coming up
I'm giving the time
meanwhile my Chipotle with sitting out
of a playground and like caring at the
Chipotle I'm going up to the laundry I
got oh there boom
I'll show you guys the clean dresses
when I get some they're super cute hey
guys so I am at Alicia's apartment after
the mall and I'm about to take a bath
and I've been putting on some outfits
face masks from lush if this would only
focus focus okay there we go
enjoying our low-spirited what's so Sun
but we're gonna be back in two weeks you
guys don't know this but Nikki and I are
pretty much slowly making the transition
to moving out here so we are gonna be
out here every so often every few weeks
so this is like our other home here
pretty much okay so I thought I was
gonna like vlog after ok so we thought I
was gonna vlog after I wash my face but
I'm just gonna vlog as I'm washing my
face this mask smells so good I just got
it at lush today I usually use herbalism
but oh my gosh
this smells so good I want to eat it in
order why this isn't focusing and I know
that sounds really random but other
thing on my face it smell just like
cookie dough and I should probably wash
it off but it just moves so
good literally smell the cookie over
cake batter or something mixed with
butter popcorn our dough I'm obsessed
with it it's really good
taking a bath in Alisha back
