hello okay now
beautiful hey guys unfortunately I
didn't have time to vlog in the city
yesterday I'm sure you guys saw the
snapchat stories and all that stuff I
didn't even have time to do a snapchat
story so yeah but anyways I went
shopping like a few days ago and I just
started packing cuz Nicki and I are
going to Los Angeles on Sunday so I
decided well I'm just gonna show you
guys what I bought so this is kind of
like a haul sort of a haul of the vlog
this is my haul for this vlog it's on a
box I'm sorry if this haul is really
poorly lit this is a blog so please no
hate the first thing I bought at the
Victoria Secret semi-annual sale and
that is this sequined bikini top I got
this banded bikini top regular bottoms
that are like chi-chi's and thong ish
bottom so they're the same bottoms but
one shows more than the other got these
mint bottoms that are like metallic is
plain like black bottoms that go up the
tush to these sequin shorts from forever
21 this is from Toby comm and it's like
a poncho sweatshirt hoodie thing I also
got this white top which is like the
cute it's kind of wrinkled but all iron
it's from Toby see myself wearing it
with these cute dress pants I also got
from Toby I also feel like this top
would look super cute with those nice
high waisted dress pants it's a crop top
but then it has string at the bottom you
know how they tie up things are really
in right now I think that's super cute
that's from Toby as well these lavender
silky hi lisa shorts and these are also
from Toby's first and Iraq's calm I
bought a lot of those like tight Kylie
Jenner dresses this is like turtlenecks
but it's
even though it's warm in Los Angeles
that can get breezy not a fur vest that
I feel like I could wear with that from
that same place I also got this thing I
saw all over tumblr liquor onesie but
shorts and it's a thermal and it's
really tight and form-fitting from
forever21 I got these silky pajama pants
and they were only they were on sale for
only $6.99 I also got this cute lounge
top that looks like bars did you sleeves
this is also from that same site I also
got another comfy top and this says
happiness is expensive this quote is
simply just making fun of myself that's
why I got it because so many people put
that label on me um I'm just gonna take
my hand out I also got this honey what's
on a hoodie but it's like a sweatshirt
type top from sand Iraq calm it has like
the lace-up I just thought a very beachy
cute I also got a leotard onesie that
Aiko wears like a tight skirt or jeans
with the same tie up concept long maxi
dress that's a low back and it's super
tight form-fitting to your butt this fur
vest that I got this is from sand Iraq's
as well and last but not least that I
saved for that I want to put this all in
here guys because I really like this
into everything like I'm going to pass
so last but not least that I've been
literally dying to show you guys
okay guys so I am still packing
everything's on the ground so tomorrow
I'm gonna get my nails done I'm gonna
visit friends and say bye to them and
we're only going to be in LA for like
two weeks but I feel like it's going to
be an eternity hey guys so I am in Los
Angeles and I'm me out right now and she
is taking me to a doctor appointment I'm
at Beverly Hills
I stopped log like the first week of the
trip because Nicki and I went there's so
much stuff with the hotel we were
staying in long story short we're
staying with Alicia but we also see with
Mia last night
that's a story time video like I need to
do a story to my video on that that it's
just like wait you can propose forget it
talk about what happened
we're going to Palm Springs today to
film a collab nice
Leisha ierra and icky
and we all rented at Airbnb de house in
Palm Springs the pool and places with
it's only like two hours outside of Los
Angeles
gonna be like an easy little vacation
for us a road trip so we just got to
Palm Springs and Nikki and Alicia have
been in the house for a while now so
we're gonna go see them we're just
surfing Oh about eight say hello hi hi
guys my ears are like stuck popped the
four year old victim good we told you
you might worry let's see what this
house and then we were all like fetus
and we were laughing at that really good
different look how cool oh my gosh
hi my lungs are like heavy here really
good musty today did she get my air
biotic ooh like soda this is like unique
well I think you shower what right
it's just like unique did someone just
buy a house to rent out or is this
someone's actual house what oh you
have to go outside
oh it's so cute they want to the three
my lumps are what the heck that's like a
pool house like this is so cool this is
so cool what yeah let's get good hey
guys so I am in the room this is where
Ciara and I are staying did we pick this
room the room that's detached from the
house it's like a little like pool house
I guess cuz the pools outside anyways it
is freezing in here
my phone is depressingly charging over
here here's the beds over here and I
can't reach my phone so I'm making sure
I charge it like to 100% right now so I
can just be on my phone all night so I
fall asleep Oh guys look this is my hold
on this is my water bottle yay anywhere
I go I just hate the taste of like the
water of the sink so I always try and
make sure I am a label on that I just
wash my face and I just don't know if
you guys know this stuff is amazing is
absolutely it smells really weird but to
me thanks for lush I don't know about
you guys but I love to spray myself with
personally before I go to bed just so I
could go ahead
it keeps you from having bad dreams good
tip advice for me the morning of our
collab and right now I'm showing you
what is called baking so the term baking
like you would bake cupcakes has a new
name in 2016 so I just put setting
powder it's like a way of contouring and
then you just like blend it in you leave
it sit for a while and then you just
like blend it in dabbing it
you
tada I don't know what to do with my
hair I kind of wear my hair loose well
I'm just gonna tell you guys right now
the club is Coachella and Nicki said you
have to wear your hair in braids or
something to let Coachella is so I'm
going to go be creative and try and come
up with a hairstyle for Coachella I
think my style is not Coachella
whatsoever so doing a collab with the
style to challenge hi guys I feel like
this is such a like hippy outfit you
have a Coachella yet this is my outfit
as I get to pset and this is a girly
flowy skirt
Leisha oh pretty girl pretty good girl
talk to you like I talked to Chloe yeah
hey daddy look at gags off is pretty
into it oh yeah this is her house so
this is me in Alicia's room they're so
freaking long is he happy let's just
take a look at this good just try to
like create an office all got all this
tool so it's like really late in the day
and I barely had time to vlog some of
the footage of our collab this is my
look number two for the collab and it's
like a romper dress thing and I have
some face pain and my hair is in braids
I'm just so excited for it um I should
probably be getting ready in my lip
number three now and I'll try and bring
the Swan camera with me to the desert
and so I went with number three for the
Coachella collab and it's the same skirt
I wore in the beginning our Starbucks is
here
I know
hi Edward Scissorhands you guys know my
moves right yeah
you don't look like you're on so I like
it with the pin so we are at the desert
and there's these wooden mill things
that look like Star Wars I think I'm in
another world I've never been to a
desert before from Pennsylvania so this
is very different for me this is very
different
sorry-sorry provide like the best fanfic
your ever compared to the shoe store
