hello okay now
beautiful guys so I just did my hair and
makeup and I am on my way to go to Ali's
house she's having well her mom works
somewhere where her manager watches our
stuff on YouTube so we're gonna go meet
her daughter pretty much what's gonna
happen right now and then I want to give
you guys like a little preview like I'm
redoing my room this is like my couch
that I have in my room now
um I'm not going to show you guys just
yet but I'll show you tonight when I'm
getting ready for bed here's a better
look at the makeup I did tonight I did
something different with my eyeshadow I
did like what I used to do where it's
like light and then it gets dark and
it's not just one color all over let me
know if you guys like it so I get an
Ally's car and we're all wearing fur
yeah you know we didn't even plan it so
I told everyone where we're going your
mom's boss boss's daughter my mom is
like look how gorgeous oh hey Ali
rocking her
my god it's so close it's like 20
degrees in Pennsylvania tomorrow
I know these are the ladies this is
Gabby and Mackenzie look how beautiful
their outfits are guys we're gonna take
pictures right now I'll insert them here
yeah so Ali got this really really cool
new vanity in her room and it has
perfect lighting yes like perfect selfie
like my ponytail so little hi guys so I
am home from Ali's I'm about to put on a
face mask because I just feel like
whenever I wear like a heavy amount of
makeup I just want to like do something
about my face I'm scared I'm gonna break
out I got new covers guys and a new lamp
and I'm doing a new theme in my room um
here is my new part Oh same cart it just
like new set up and I got this chaise
lounge I also got this new lingerie
chest and I just have things like to my
bras and stuff it may currently look
like I have poop on my face but this is
um a lush mud mask called cupcake and it
works pretty good it always clears up my
face and it is like a chocolate cupcake
yeah counts like poo
I would have slept over alleys but I
have to get up at 6 a.m. to get Jim yeah
I kind of just wanted to sleep in my new
comfy covers so guys these are so comfy
I have silk bedsheets and medics oh
sorry keep my TV so loud okay guys I
forgot to show you um well I decided I
wanted to open this tonight since I'm
really comfy in my bed and I don't want
my hair to get ruined I want it to stay
straight for tomorrow so I'm opening my
hair pillow and let me tell you a funny
story my mom opened a package I received
in the mail and she was like what is
this and I had to and I had to explain
how it wasn't like mom I ordered a
pillow so that my hair doesn't get
ruined overnight and she was like are
you serious anyways this is the pillow
and I got an adorable blush colored
pillowcase that's silky to go with like
my bed I think I am ready for bed oh
this is so cute this is what it looks
like and I'll link the website down
below if you're interested mmm it's
comfy hi guys so I just woke up and I
did my makeup because Nikki and I filmed
a clip for our YouTube video we filmed
this morning and I'm going to quickly go
get Duncan and then take off some of my
makeup and head to the gym my hairs
stayed straight all night perfectly
straight I swear I did not straighten it
and it touch I think it's because of my
pillow I want to start bringing this on
airplanes it's really comfortable Nikki
and I are going to LA in two weeks so
I'm definitely going to be bringing this
on the airplane hi can I have a small
iced caramel macchiato please
um no whip cream please I got my
macchiato oh my gosh I needed this
before I head to the gym I just want to
show you guys my new bag it is a Prada
bag but I got it from trend Lea calm and
they basically refurbish bags and sell
them and they sell them at a good price
so compared to what they originally are
sold for I've been really obsessed with
like white and gold lately so I think
this is super pretty and it'll go with a
lot of outfits and stuff let me know
down below if you guys like this bag and
I will put the link down below where you
can buy this or other bags my discount
code is pink princess cab and you'll get
5% off tada
Oh
ah
very hot miles around
hey guys so I got back from the gym I
took a shower redid my hair and makeup
it is now the evening and I have no idea
what I'm going to do with my night but I
did my hair makeup because I know I want
to go out or see some friends and right
now I'm just relaxing and I'm answering
some emails on my laptop nothing fun
there um but I'm probably going to wind
up online shopping or something and then
I'll get back to you guys with whatever
I'm doing tonight once again I have poop
on my face it so does Ali and so does my
mom
we all have poop on our faces smells
really good this poop smells really good
smells like cake yeah this is busy like
food we're about to watch The Bling Ring
just fell on your bed but um yeah I'll
see you guys in my next vlog and I'm
looking forward to vlogging more hmm
