it is now 2 days till Christmas and I am
admiring my Christmas tree and getting
kind of sad that this thing's going to
have to come down soon it's literally my
favorite thing ever and I am currently
watching on lifetime a royal Christmas
and it's a really cute movie and I'm
wearing my Kappa Kappa Tau a t-shirt I
got this off of Amazon right now I am
currently packing to head to Ali's house
for V Squad sleepover and yeah I have
their presents right here and stuff my
room is a mess but I'm gonna try and get
my stuff together so that I can catch up
with you guys real soon at Ali
everything's a graphic oh oh my god that
is so I love oh my god it's adorable
I know I - I saw he's in like you yeah
that's totally good like I said whether
I'm gonna bounce over it
I'll you just won't for I think this
together soon yeah mattress those
earrings you guys oh my god oh my god
her hair makeup I know obsessive
thinking oh my god this is my biggest
baby your stuff on the other side - I'm
not - a food I don't know her - is gonna
go to your participant and everything
like you were to have that oh my god
yeah nobody fell through
yeah and then this is like a little
glitter place really oh they're inside
there's like oh so they're really pretty
yeah see like I was already another
color and then she was just like oh I
think you should get all right just put
all my muscle
yeah oh my god okay really actually
wearing me here I'm like I wonder if
your binos I'm wearing these are the
necklaces that we all have I just gave
them a bunch of makeup
they went ham on the makeup these are so
so big and we got like Emily Gabby did
Jesse David look at how he's tree goes
hey Tiffany hey guys I'm in the car I
left Ali's house and you guys may have
noticed something a little different
yeah I took my weave out and I now have
my natural hair and I Nash and Ramon
help me dye my hair back to black my
natural hair color for those of you who
don't know that's my natural hair color
anyways I'm on my way to get a hair trim
it is really disgusting out but
tomorrow's Christmas Eve and I am scared
they're going to take off a lot of
inches I'm like worried - never
but whatever if they have to take off
inches whatever I'll rocket hey guys so
I just got back from my hair trim and um
I guess you oh my got Lilly opens doors
she literally opens doors hi here's
Lilly come here come to mama come here
come here this way come on I just ended
up on the bed
Lilly say I at least say hi to everyone
come here see I'm ready for Xena
the army Christina this is my actual
natural hair no extensions in it so I'm
glad that even after they trimmed it it
was down to here before even after they
trimmed it's a good plank to start
growing it out again I want to get it
like really really long again to hear um
I love these ponytails that like I can
do it this I really like them they're
really short and cute I just received a
package in the mail
I know it's close to Christmas but I
received a package in the mail so I
supposed to get a while ago but I got it
and I'm sure you got the outfit these
are from staff you secret and I'll write
the website down below but I got this
cute tight dress that's like a velvety
material and it's really tight and it
has this ralph that goes down and it's
one of those really tight dresses that
are tight all the way down I got this
adorable mint tight dress and it's all
sequined and cute I feel like this would
be like a cute new year's outfit I feel
like this color looks really really good
with black hair so I'm excited to wear
this and then I got this sheer
turtleneck dress that is one of those
tight ones but yeah those are the
outfits I got let me know in the
comments down below if you guys like
this hair better the middle here because
I'm going to work out soon I am drinking
my teenie colon cleanse tea and it's so
cute
it comes with like this little thing
that you put the T in because it's all
separate all the T is separate and you
put it in this thing it looks like an
egg and now my cameras getting all nice
and steamy but I am just letting it soak
and I made sure that the water came to a
boil before I put my tea in there there
was a lot of confusion on Instagram
about this exact detox that I'm doing
and alli and ash are doing this as well
and the reason why I'm doing this isn't
to lose weight but it's to keep my
intestinal health because as you guys
know I suffer from colitis all sort of
colitis and celiac disease so my colon
and intestinal health isn't the greatest
so I like to detox my colon from the
usual like pollution and harsh chemicals
and processed foods and toxins built up
by the processed foods so um I do like
my processed foods so I feel like this
helps I also drink this before I work
out because I have noticed that if I
drink this before I work out my
intestines are in less pain I usually
drink this once every other night and I
just let the tea sitting there for one
to three minutes and the reason why I
drink this every other night is because
I feel like it would be like too much of
a cleanse if I did this every day and I
always work out every other day so on
the days I work out I kind of like to
keep my colon healthy as well and this
isn't like one of those cleanses where
you don't eat anything or whatever not
you completely normal just I drink these
before I work out and I have this every
other day
I repeat as a disclaimer I'm not trying
to lose weight I'm just trying to keep
my very sick colon healthy and it tastes
so good
but I don't put honey in this or
anything I just drink it as warm water
with this tea in it and it's really good
but yeah this is my living room guys I
never got to show you some of the rooms
in my house this is our living room
focus
the clocks going off but yeah this is
our living room
see hi Hey all right I'm gonna go work
out and then I am going to finish
wrapping presents but I'm so excited for
Christmas Eve and Christmas and I'll see
what I can walk if I can vlog anything
but yeah and I will see you guys next
time
