so we got to the hotel and may just add
that this hotel is hotel bowls I mean
come on this bathtub but anyways let me
make this easier for y'all to see me
know anyways look at my shirt Victoria
Secret Fashion Show 2015 Nikki and I
look out for you guys we walked into
this hotel suite thingy and we saw these
bags waiting for us this Victoria's
Secret bag let me just begin by telling
you this is my favorite thing in the
Victoria Secret bags you were given and
it is dark angel and it smells so good
so the itinerary for tomorrow is wearing
hair and makeup from 9 a.m. till 12:30
p.m. then we take a shuttle from the
hotel to the venue and a lot of people
involved with the show we're seeing in
this hotel so there's a shuttle that
takes models vloggers like guests from
this hotel to the fashion show and we're
going to go backstage and interview a
few models take some pictures of them
and then we're going to come back and
then I'm going to change it to a
different outfit for the Fashion Show
which is at like 7 or 8 but the shuttle
leaves here at 6:30 is only like a two
minute drive I get to get there early
because of the pink carpet and I'm so
excited to show you guys my outfit I
kind of want to see the bathroom let's
see how they say oh my god what the hell
oh my god Wow
that is different
hey guys I just got my hair and makeup
done by Cali and oops sorry um I'm
getting into outfit 1 basically we're
going to the venue from 1:00 to 1:30 to
interview the models get some footage
back speed and then that's what this
look is for and my outfit 1 and an
outfit - there's makeup artist hired by
the tour secret coming out of a tell
room from like 4 to 6 o'clock for us and
then the shuttle picks us up at 6:30 to
go to the venue and I'm going to wear
outfit - to the fashion show
hey guys so this is my look one for when
we're going to the backstage venue of
the Fashion Show to meet with the models
and interview them get pictures with
them so I kind of just put like a scream
Plains flare - it's my hair and makeup
right yours forever forever chain
there's this chain holding all this
together and then fur and a romper
underneath
budget you to background products late
in the car
always right
we back
it is crazy a man
so we just got our hair and makeup done
for look number two and this is for the
fashion show wearing these earrings this
dress from Nasty Gal calm this feather
jacket from be be wearing knee-high
socks that are nylon and the Steve
Madden pumps so yeah that's my look this
is a closer look at my makeup I'm
obsessed with it this is my Chanel
number three it's lavender and metallic
and it is this adorable clutch and I got
it from Trembley com see the inside
the Jew
guy so the curious eager fashion show is
coming on tonight so I'm wearing my joy
seeing a fashion show broke but anyways
I went shot online shopping and all my
stuff came in today and I know I've been
receiving a lot of comments asking for
more shopping blogs a more normal vlog
so I just figured I'm just going to show
you guys the things I bought online
all these outfits are from lip bookstore
calm and it's like really glittery and
it's great for the holidays let me know
in the comments down below which outfits
your favorite the next thing I bought
was this blazer peplum jacket it's cute
and it's really good
the next thing I bought was this sweater
I've seen it all over Pinterest and
stuff and I finally found it on this
website it would look super cute with a
skirt for sure the next thing I got was
this cape and I always wanted a Cape
jacket ever since I saw on screen please
and this is just super cute whoa and
lastly I got this Barbie pink blazer
alright guys so that was it for this
blog um I'm the only batt blogging so
I'm sorry if it was all over the place
but I'll be getting better yeah
we're gonna go now but you know no clue
