I'm going to start this off by telling
you guys you should totally do a cake
buffet and by that I mean get your
favorite sprinkles make some little
cakes and get a tub of frosting and just
decorate them with your friends
at the are super Instagram Abul and
super yummy another idea is to make a
personal spa with your friends and
tonight we needed pedicures and I got
some bath bombs and some fun bath
confetti and we all put on our Victoria
Secret robes and I did Ally's toes
before this but you should probably put
the nail polish on after her but I just
let a bath bomb sit in there add it in
the back confetti you kind of just let
herself soap you and your friends can
take turns doing this it is super fun
and super girly and you can also do
manicures as well with these pedicures
it is definitely not a Christmas
sleepover if you do not have ABC family
lifetime or the Hallmark Channel running
their Christmas
another fun thing to do with your
friends is big treats together and you
can get this recipe off of Emma lines
channel which will be linked down below
and you can also do fun little crafts
together like these snow globes and you
can watch how to make those in Ally's
video which will be linked down below
and lastly I suggest playing dress-up
with your friends you are never too old
to play dress-up I know I still play
dress-up with my friends and by that
nowadays it's dressing cute clothes and
take pictures I mean who doesn't dress
up cute at their events and not see
pictures we went with a very vintage
wintery feel for outfits you should also
do something wintery and cute with your
friends if you decide to play dress-up
or have a photo shoot when I wrap this
it for the collab guys please make sure
to check out Emeline and alice videos
which will be linked down below and I
hope we got guys in the Christmas spirit
let us know if you did any of these
thanks guys
you
