welcome to my pink wonderland words
can't describe how excited I am to be
doing this room tour with you guys this
year I'm going to start this off by
showing you guys my vanity and you guys
have seen my vanity many times but I
just want to do an overview of how I
spiced it up for Christmas to the left
of my vanity I have these Alex drawers
and on top of them
I decorated it all white kind of like a
snow theme and I put these cute little
fuzzy slippers next to this adorable
merry marshmallow Yankee Candle I also
got the lagron shot oh I don't know if
that's how you pronounce it but that eye
shadow palette from Too Faced cosmetics
this adorable winter Eiffel Tower and
this Christmas tree and I also have this
snowflake cookie candle which smells so
good and all of my fragrances are just
set behind that
now on to my Christmas tree for those of
you guys who are not aware of this my
whole entire bedroom is themed after the
Nutcracker this ballet completes my
entire Christmas season and it gives me
such a happy feeling so why not make my
room themed after it so my ornaments I'm
showing you right now are themed after
the Nutcracker all along the side of my
tree and I know this sounds funny but
this side of my tree faces where I sleep
and I like staring at these ornaments as
I'm falling asleep so these are a lot of
Clara ornaments Clara's mom was below
these ones and a lot of ballerina
ornaments this reminded me of Clara and
the Nutcracker when they danced that
reminded me of a dancing snowflake from
the ballet this reminded me of a little
dancing snowflake and then there's Clara
and her nightgown with the Nutcracker
and some of these ornaments are missing
legs or hands because I've had them for
a while and this is the sugarplum fairy
and then Clara again and you can't
forget about the Nutcracker
and this ornament reminded me of a
waltzing flower and over here I have
some shabby chic or glam ornaments for
this tree I've been mainly sticking to a
pastel theme so I kind of just threw in
some random cute little ornaments that
just went with it
and I have this adorable hat box that I
arranged to make it look like a gift
under the tree and here are just some
more pretty little ornaments that I have
up now I'm going to move over to my bed
I have these adorable huge dangling
ornaments above my bed and then I have
some opalescent tinsel and strung roses
and I got these two santa pillows from
Etsy and the sequin pillow is from PD
teen and for those of you who didn't see
it that Santa belt pillow with the fur
at the bottom was done on our niki and
gabi channel to the left of my bed I
have my slippers and they remind me of
ballet slippers so they really go with
the theme under my covers I have my
adorable snow bunny bedsheets which
brings me to Lily's room she has a
Christmas tree and she has the same snow
bunny bedsheets like mommy I also have
her fur shell spread out along her bed
my room smells super Christmasy right
now I have the scent called winter from
Bath and Body Works plugged into my wall
and I am stocked up with four extra in
case it runs out
over here I have Clara and her
Nutcracker the Nutcracker is from Hobby
Lobby and Clara herself is from Avalon
New Jersey some boardwalk Christmas shop
and next to them I have fresh sparkling
snow and that glitter came with the
candle isn't it just so adorable
everyone thinks I added it in there but
nope it came like that and you guys have
seen this before but this is my Eiffel
Tower it is actually a Christmas
decoration so it just goes along with
what I have and over here I have party
dress from Bath and Body Works along
with other pallets from Too Faced and by
Victoria Secret cosmetics bag as a
decoration piece I have all of my
vintage clothing pieces on this rack
except that fur coat it's not vintage I
just thought it looked cute on the rack
here I have my mom's Miss America crown
in a glass case she was runner-up for
Miss New Jersey when she was younger and
I have some of my purses in these little
cubbies that go all the way down and yes
I stuffed my bags with newspapers so
that they look full when they're in
there and this is my car and I still
have my Chanel stuff at the bottom but
at the top I decided to switch it up and
make it more Christmasy in this antique
milk glass jar I have some white
chocolate chips this Rose Christmas tree
is from Etsy this pastel reindeer is
from in antique shop this pink little
snow house is from Etsy as well and then
this aqua sparkly triangular Christmas
tree is from Hobby Lobby
this other Christmas piece is from Hobby
Lobby as well it looks like a frosted
Christmas tree with pink little pom-poms
on it right next to it I have my winter
candle from Bath and Body Works and to
the left of it I have another Bath and
Body Works candle and the smells just
like a Christmas tree I can't get over
it it just smells so Christmassy along
with my room decor I organized my
accessories and clothing according to
the season and here are my winter pieces
and I'm actually redoing the inside of
my closet soon so I'm not going to be
doing a closet tour just yet but I will
be doing that after Christmas and right
now I'm showing you just pretty much the
Christmas or winter accessories I am
keeping in my closet for the season and
over here are my vintage pieces that are
pastel and go with the winter season
that I have laid out to decorate my
closet a little bit and yeah that's
pretty much it guys
stay tuned for godness I will you know
in my next vlog what that is let me know
who I'm seeing December 30th in Freehold
New Jersey at I play yeah it's pretty
much it I'll see you guys in my next
vlog
you
