hey guys so do you notice the background
at all I am at Emma lines with Allie and
we all just woke up we stayed up all
night and we made cookies you know the
cookies are punishing no we made these
cookies and we made some yummy like
milkshake kind of candy cane stuff
really really good guy who's up um look
at her teeth it isn't it pretty
we are about to go uh antique shopping
oh yeah and if you guys didn't notice
this is my new hair okay I'm going to
show you around Emma's house because
it's really cute I got her these pillows
I love that oh wait she I woke up and
she had she made me tea and look at this
mug like the Henry Bendel mug super cute
your kitchens goals and the Nancy Drew
books oh my god
love it oh my gosh I'm your vintage
scale oh that is adorable and then your
hamper match is so perfectly with this
or at the antique shop and look how
pretty this couch is like I really want
to get it for my room uh it's so cute I
was also looking at this boudoir to put
in my closet to put like my like
necklaces and stuff on it I really like
that and these hat boxes up here mmm
I'm just like obsessed with all these
right now right now I really like that
picture for that special someone and oh
my god like a lipstick bowl or something
oh that's so cute oh it's adorable
I really like that picture I really want
to get it I really like that so I'm in
the dressing room at this vintage shop
and I'm going to try on this night slip
with this jacket and this beautiful
beautiful gown it's just a beautiful
beautiful gown that's really small and
nothing's small enough to fit me ever so
here I'll just show you what it looks
like this pitch is so beautiful so I'm
going to try that on too and see what I
want to buy but look at this bathroom
guys look at this hamper this boudoir
the wallpaper it's just so lovely in
here I love it in here okay guys so I
obviously went shopping look how cool
this is like the Christmas trees right
there hmm
and so Christmas Eve I just like got a
picture like this cool anyways I'm just
going to show you guys this way what I
got instead of just posing the camera
and like sitting and holding things up
so first thing I'm going to show you
guys is this pastel pink like milk glass
jar and I'm gonna put some Christmas
candies in that for my pink Wonderland
varnish or um I also have this clutch
that I found
I literally just saw it under a pile of
like shoes and sweaters and stuff I
don't know how I found this but it's
really cute and I want to bring that's
like an event here is like this really
really oops really really pretty dress
um I love the polka dots and like the
detailing at the bottom and it's not as
poufy as it looks like hung up it's like
actually a really like tight it's a
tight dress at the top and it's very
flowy and not poofy at all and the
sleeves are very like soft and like lay
flat on your arm so it's really cute um
I also got this like blouse thing that
ties in the front I guess I could see
myself wearing like a really cute
collared shirt with this and putting the
collar over that um and this is a light
pink apron and I really liked I really
like gold and pink together and the gold
detailing and like the design and the
Sheerness I just really like um I got a
hat box
this came separate from the hats but
then I also got these cute hats I got
this blue one and you like sit them on
your head I can show you guys in like a
picture or another video how you wear
these hats
then this pillbox hat it's super cute
and those of you who have seen my vanity
know that I just have like one mirror
far away from me I don't have any up
close mirrors to do like detailed makeup
like all my eyes and stuff so I needed a
more personalized mirror so I thought
this would go really well with my vanity
um I got this cute reindeer he's going
to tie together this one section of my
room and I got this hamper I kind of
copied em
cuz I was in her bathroom I think I
showed in like the vlog earlier today I
was like oh my god out of your hamper
and then now look I have similar hamper
and last but not least I got this
adorable this is my favorite thing I got
this adorable painting of the soldier
and his girl in it so no man see and you
can kind of see through the window it's
like snowing outside so it's also really
Christmassy too I just love it in her
dress and everything it's so pretty so
we are getting ready to film our
collaborative secret robes this is the
2015 one so cute back but I can't really
show it and this is behind the scenes of
em filming oh my god it smells delicious
huh let me get a close-up of it Wow yeah
this is gonna be some Christmassy collab
yeah me too so I'm about to help ally
out right now with her okay so this is
where we're filming our intros and
outros Hey and this is our sleepover
scene let me just say that this camera
does not do it justice how pretty this
room looks
oops I just knocked into some ornaments
anyways it's so pretty there's hid
dangling ornaments we have our treats we
had a little cake bar look how adorable
there's gingerbread man pink hot
chocolate and these adorable candy cane
rice krispies treat popcorn sticks I
don't even know what they're called and
snow globe
and just everything so cute yeah
the image trip
it looks so wrong I can't I can't that's
disgusting wait come here lost in German
man hello generate probably now get back
you
oh I got you to the brown looks really
gross and it's a white brochure I don't
think so
so we are filming for still the
Christmas sleepover a video and we are
all dressed up
oh we got a burn on my bra and wife's
closet is so pretty it's like so cute my
look it's adorable
okay so I'm back home I'm in bed I was
editing the boss and I realized I forgot
an outro yet again so yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog and I really
really really can't wait for this club
that's coming up and I am preparing so
many fun videos for Christmas so just
snuggle up in your bed and get ready for
a cute Wonderland video and the gap miss
vlogs but I'm watching Hallmark
Christmas movies right now so I'm pretty
much like Christmas spirit also I'm
getting really excited and I'm planning
out all my Christmas videos mmm love you
guys hmm
