hey dolls its Gabi and today I have a
haul for you all hold up one second I
just want to clarify a few things first
of all my hands really dirty I just got
done doing girls makeup for a formal um
and second of all this is still a vlog
channel it's just that with the seasons
and the holidays coming up like I've
been finding I like doing hauls and I
miss doing hauls and I'm very into
beauty and Nicky's not so I let my super
girly side out on this channel vlog will
be coming the Victoria's Secret Fashion
Show vlog will not be up until the show
airs I think the night that the fashion
show airs is when I'm going to put it up
because there's some legal issues with
releasing some footage from it and stuff
yeah I'm just going to get right on into
this so right now I am wearing this a
fur shawl and I got this over the summer
from Nasty Gal so this isn't part of the
haul but this dress I'm wearing right
now is from Lulu's it's a blush-colored
dress in the box really cute yeah I'm
just wearing this right now because it's
making my outfit a little more wintery
just you guys know I bought like a ton
of stuff so I'm not going to spend a lot
of time talking about things the first
thing I'm going to show you in this hall
are these earrings and I got them from
Lulu's calm I could just picture myself
wearing these earrings with holiday
outfits and two events the next thing I
bought is from forever 21 and it is this
top right here and it reminds me of like
a frosted pink
snowflake so I could totally picture
this with a cute pink skirt the next
thing I bought was this white coat and
it is so cute it's military style with
the buttons and it has a really cute fur
collar and then you just button it up
and this is from dress gal calm the next
thing I'm going to show you is another
coat and it is fur and it is mint and it
is from toby calm it looks like this I'm
obsessed with this color mmm the next
thing I bought is from Toby and it is
this adorable fur coat as well I really
like this one it has like little pieces
of darker colors in it the next thing I
purchased I could totally see myself
wearing to holiday parties and it is one
of those super tight like Kylie Jenner
skirts with a slit that goes
really high on the side of your thigh
and it's pastel pink it's like a frosted
pink color and I feel like this would
look so cute with this for like an event
or a party and this is from Lulu's it's
adorable the next thing that I purchased
is from dress gal comm and it is an
infinity scarf so I could pretty much
wear this with any coat or sweatshirt
it's really really cute I would say the
next thing I bought but anyways the next
thing I bought is this sweater and it
reminds me of like a varsity like cute
little sorority sweater I don't know the
next sweater I bought is also from Toby
it is this turtleneck crop top slash
sweater
I mean it shows your midriff I wouldn't
exactly call it a crop top but it's
really cute and then also from Toby I
bought this adorable dress that I could
see myself going dancing in and it has
beautiful little floral sequin designs
on the top layer and the bottom layer is
pleated and flowy and it's just
beautiful
oops Ali's calling me hello I'm gonna go
get the door okay
BRB anyways Ali's here
so my next sweater I bought is this
adorable fuzzy turtleneck which is like
a crop top and I could totally see
myself wearing this was like a cute
tight skirt and I got this from Lulu's
it is so warm and cozy and I actually
wore this the other night and it kept me
really warm and it is also very super
cute this next sweatshirt sweater I got
is from Toby and it's really fuzzy and
like warm and it's light pink and I love
light pink the next thing I bought is
also from Toby and it is this light
light pink dress coat but it doesn't
have a zipper or anything so it's meant
to like stay open yes
at ornaments Lena funny no
it's from Lulu's and it is this flowy
like midi skirt it goes to like your
calves and it is so cute so 50s and it
goes to the waist it's like a frosted
pink color I can so see myself wearing
it with this shirt from Nasty Gal calm
look at the collar and it has like
really big pretty sleeves that's the
color
okey the next thing I'm super excited
about that I bought are these thigh-high
well from either thigh high because I'm
really short but these knee-high brown
boots from Lulu's I think they look
pretty much every winter outfit and
sweater that I bought this next dress I
bought I could totally see myself
wearing for some holiday events and like
photo shoots and stuff so I bought this
seat white sequin dress or really
reminds me of like sparkly snow um and
this is from Toby I got these pointy toe
babies and these are from Toby as well I
have way too many Jews I literally have
way too many cute okay yeah this phone
case is from Lulu's and I'm obsessed
with it it says Rosie all day I also
bought sunglasses and I can't remember
if they're from the Lulu's or Toby I
could get them to juice all the time but
pretty sure it was Toby I got these from
but yeah
these next few pieces are from Toby I
got this sweater dress that's mint and
fuzzy it's so warm and it looks like
it's super long but it's not it goes
like in the middle of your thigh so it's
like really flattering
does it look like a bag I also got this
sweater from Toby it's adorable it
reminds me of like a cute little like
college sweater like a varsity sweater
and it's a small but it's pretty
oversized and adorable and it has these
stripes on it and I love blue blue and
pink I like my favorite colors from Toby
I bought these what I call Frankenstein
shoes but they're really cute with knee
high socks and like a jumper dress or
something so they're adorable
I really really like me and last but not
least from dress gal calm I've got this
adorable
fur coat look at the crop sleeves with
it
I'm obsessed but yeah this is the last
item I bought and it's the one I'm
probably know more the most so yeah that
was everything Wow Wow I had a lot to
show you guys but you know can never go
wrong in the holiday season with a few
cute items I will see you guys in my
next video vlog I don't know if it's
gonna be a vlog or a beauty video or
just a funny random video but yeah I'll
see you guys and I hope you guys are
getting excited for the holidays I will
make sure I do
a pink wonderland room tour like every
year I go all out I call my room the
pink Wonderland if you guys haven't seen
my Instagram um but I literally went all
out this year and I'm still in the midst
of like working on it so I'm not going
to do the room tour just yet but it'll
probably be within the next week or two
so stay tuned for that I love you guys
mmm
