I just thought I'd show you guys this
dress before I head out well this is a
coat I have addressed under this and I
am wearing these really really really
pretty shoes so hold up one second I'm
going to take off my coat and show you
guys my dress I feel like I'm stripping
on camera while I'm stripping I'm going
to explain to you I'm going to eat
toothpaste cosmetics dinner tonight they
invited me and they are launching their
Christmas in Paris eyes shadow palette
and the theme of the party is Christmas
in Paris I love Christmas I love Paris I
love Too Faced cosmetics like it's just
I'm so excited I feel like a princess in
this dress and I'm going to go pick up
Brandon tomorrow is Brandon a nice five
year anniversary and tonight I'm going
to something I've always dreamt of going
to and I feel so happy right now and uh
just so excited I'm gonna go pick him up
right now but just thought I would share
this dress with you guys go I love it
right just arrived party everyone's just
arriving
but how pretty
- Chanel bad guys
hi
we are on the rooftop and there is no
better way to spend my anniversary with
the love of my life
let me get it
look at this you can see all like you
can see the Hudson River
whatever bridge that is Brandon what
let's ask our high school self right now
yes we knew what what did we do to get
here why do you think when we were 15
and 17 that we'd end up like some launch
party in New York City for our fifth
anniversary not really but I give all
the credit we are on our way to Beantown
but I'm wearing this tulle dress this is
my phone I put it on Instagram the case
I'm wearing this necklace I'm wearing my
hair up for once
in the end
just be yourself
and here's something
so can we
story and then at the end
any questions
she or two
gasps oh
- arm we're going to our feet up right
now Ali I got to help you I love you so
we're literally all getting dolled up
fat blog I mean for our video this is
the vlog we're in the blog we're getting
ready for the video final you know
finally because you double vlogging yeah
my phone is wet and I can't when you
bought beak on your come on I know I
didn't look at the waiting I know it's
so then oh my god it's so good such good
wedding this is the YouTube space and
your change we're in the bathroom oh my
god whoa whoa Franky we might want to
thank you tell everyone where we are we
are inside of this creepiest creepiest
creepiest of sets ever and we're gonna
read you in my collaboration video which
is going to be evil a Halloween to show
them your torture - oh my god you wanna
come into my torture chamber babies
casually stepping on the this is
my torture chamber that I made this
morning it's 50 shades of Grande 50
shades be scared that is so creepy
I'm sleeping here tonight yeah that
looks comfortable
oh there's like bloodstains on that bed
thing sorry oh sorry I'm on here
girl get your together I'm over
here you know without the bag no without
hey guys guess what we're in Washington
DC and we're boys having breakfast in
the White House they like play really
weird videos stuff like wow you're just
saying we're in music but anyways this
is my house
it's a tulle skirt a bow blouse and this
really cute pink blazer that's a vintage
hi hi Niki and we always get vloggin of
all in love but sometimes I end up not
using the vlog and of all clips because
I feel like we're so annoying I always
bring guys look at these lights you're
cold I don't know if you can pick it up
on the camera but they're pink and
pretty and like look at this area
look how pretty this area is in the
hotel this is a good way to show you
what I'm wearing wearing extra
extensions today I mean the usual
extensions I wear are like permanent and
they're so in but I added in a few
clipping to make my pony more fool so so
they are in the Whitehouse bathroom okay
look just so pretty now it's like a look
hey guys I just got home and I am
watching fear fest
on AMC and all the Halloween horror
movies and Brendan's on his way over and
we're gonna hang out and miss him so
much and newbies happy to see mommy
nummies happy to see mommy yeah so happy
huh
anyways oh my gosh anyways I'm gonna go
wash off this makeup I am going to
finish watching these horror movies with
Brandon and I'm going to go ahead to
school tomorrow
I love you guys mmm
