we're on our way to see the Nutcracker
you guys know this is a big deal for me
so we just got back from the Nutcracker
and I didn't film there at all because I
mean I filmed the show illegally a
little bit but I didn't film like myself
there at all and stuff because they were
like people around my age sitting behind
us and I just like always feel
uncomfortable when I whip out a camera
and start talking to a camera and
there's just people my age just like
what is she doing like I just can't like
I'm like okay this is my job like what
do you do I'm not gonna make funny
whatever anyways I was too embarrassed
to do that so unfortunately I didn't get
any footage in the theatre but I did get
some ballerinas and in the college-ready
like a nutcracker this is your first
time seeing it was your favorite part
you look so funny did you even like it
there's so many times there's your first
time seeing the show at that show yeah
but like when we watch it on the TV and
stuff oh yeah we watch it on the TV a
lot you're like a little nice boyfriend
and you just like put it on TV boy Oh
guys I have to show you I am almost
ready for Christmas I still have a few
more things to wrap this is collards
present right here and he's so tempted
to just lift open the lid I'm like don't
you dare some of these are just decor
like the Chanel bag is decor like I
didn't get any one Chanel for Christmas
and like this red Valentino box is decor
but everything else is presents so I'm
stuck I even had to start putting
presents back there because there's just
like way too much to put under this
truth but I've been generous this year
yeah I just want to like lay on the
ground and like look up yeah the guys
this is a pillow view so funny and
that's Lily right
so I need to update you guys on what's
going on tonight with the itinerary is
for this fancy vlog so basically it's
kind of birthday next week and one of
our friends from college it's her
birthday today so we decided to put them
together and make a little birthday
party for them tonight so I'm having a
pregame at my apartment and that's gonna
be like the summer break squad plus some
friends from school and then we're all
gonna go to this club where I rented out
this entire room for Kenny and friends
I'm bringing you guys with me to the
club because it's Kendall's birthday
wait oh my gosh I have to show you guys
this is Kenny's cake so I made it for
him and I know this looks a little messy
but I just had like a lot of struggles
getting this Ken doll in the cake but I
pretty much made my own Ken doll
I put some actual highlight on him I put
highlight on his nose I put a hoop
earring as a choker I got this first
doll from Amazon and this Ken doll
outfit from Amazon and I put little mini
alcohol bottles on the cake because you
know that's that's Kenny and then for my
other friend I got her tequila patron
with a bow on it mom dad parents if
you're watching this I'm sorry but this
is the reality of someone that's out of
college this is what they want for their
birthday so mm-hmm
I'm not gonna sugarcoat nothing okay all
right I'm gonna run a few errands with
Collin we ran out of garbage bags and we
ran out of water bottles so we're gonna
go get those I'm gonna get a tan because
you know your girls that little pale
I don't spray tan anymore by the way I
just do like tanning bed so there's
people that were accusing me of
blackface you're wrong it's my natural
tan I just like to bring it out with the
tanning beds and I know that's also bad
for you but it makes me happy I feel
like the UV lights like really like keep
me happy throughout the winter time and
like during daylight savings like some
people have like light therapy to be
happier play a little orb yeah
and make you like happy I think that's
why I'm addicted to tanning I don't do
it that often at all like I'll do it
like once a week once every two weeks I
know people who do it every single day
religiously full time with bronzers and
tingler's and all that stuff
I don't even put lotion on you don't put
sunscreen on by the way when you go
tanning but there's this thing called
tanning lotion for tanning beds that
like has bronzers in it and like they
tingle your skin and over tan your skin
and I don't do any of those but yeah I
do tan and I'm not gonna hide it that's
like if I smoked I would tell you guys I
wouldn't hide that like I know it's a
bad addiction tanning beds but to be
honest I always talked about how I used
to go through depression and anxieties
and stuff like that and I feel like the
light and the tanning bed really does
lift my spirits I think it's a real
thing I don't know I'm gonna have to
google that but I feel like I'm on an
island when I'm laying in a tanning bed
I feel like it's nice and hot then they
have like the little like AC blowing on
you I put in my music listen to some
reggae I feel like I'm in Jamaica okay
this clip is super long there's probably
gonna be another 20 minute vlog I'm
sorry guys but you know I know you guys
like it alright I'm gonna go now hey
booth so I'm currently in my closet and
I'm ready for Kenny's birthday tonight
this is a look it was the little thrown
together I don't really like this
necklace with this belt and everything I
think it's a little much but Kenny is
extra as you just saw and so I'm gonna
be extra I mean I'm always extra but I'm
gonna be extra I shouldn't make for him
I don't know what coat I'm gonna wear
yet with this outfit cuz it's like so
cold right now it's snowed yesterday
like a lot I think it's like 20 degrees
tonight so I'm gonna need to look for a
jacket I don't know what to wear I feel
like this might go yeah it does but I
don't want I don't want to be like super
extra you know what I mean like look I'm
wearing a long dress like blingy shoes
blingy choker Gucci belt this is just
like causing a scene I feel like
you just discovered the sparkle Harry
yeah oh my god I'm vlogging K so this is
the other birthday girl
well Kenny's a birthday boy but this is
the other birthday person to me maybe
our outfits perfect
this is Ali and this is Edel you
remember Natalie and my Colleen ties is
it 21 right
this is give me some summer break
and you're oh my god what is going on
it looks like Nikki's playing a dance
dance game
hey guys so I'm currently in the back of
edge car and we're on our way in York
City for a meeting and you're probably
wondering she's gonna wear her makeup
like that I'm like no I'm gonna be doing
my makeup in the car on the way to a
meet-and-greet hungover as a challenge
for my blog channel for this vlog I did
do my face makeup and my eyebrows
because based off of past experiences
trying to do makeup in the car like you
really can't mess with eyebrows and I
can't wet a Beautyblender so I did those
things most beauty gurus I see like do
their eyebrows before like they felt my
makeup tutorial because it just takes
long to perfect them and y'all don't
want to sit through that so right now I
am with Kenny and scarf down that big
bag he is so hungover but he had a blast
last night we're currently waiting for
Nicki she's taking forever we're at my
parents house at least your get ready
with me wasn't in a car
this is gonna be so
I'd like to eat this all out of water
guys
this is so hard I had a dream last night
now this is turning out good
oh my god I feel like my makeup looks
better than it usually does when I did
it in the car
alright guys my battery is dying on my
blog camera so the rest of the blog
might be on my phone or I might ask
Kenny to film on his own of the Meetup
hey guys so we just finished the
meet-and-greet it was so fun thanks to
Kenny me got some good footage Kenny had
like a little meet-and-greet and so I
just I'll see you guys in the car hey
guys so I just got home and I just laid
down for a little bit I was gonna vlog
in the car but I was just so tired I
like knocked out and listening to music
but yeah I'm gonna end this vlog here
because I feel like this is another
run-off vlog I've been getting into this
good habit where my blogs are way too
long you guys seem to like that but yeah
let me know in the comments down below
if you enjoyed this vlog and I'll see
you guys in my next one
