hey guys it's Gabi and Ali and today we
have a highly highly highly highly
highly highly highly highly pissed video
hits a Q&A yeah I have been asked for a
QA since pretty much since the end of
last summer 2014 then when I started
vlogging with Ali there were tons of Q&A
requests a lot of questions I just
figured we're gonna answer them for you
together out of all of the scream queen
characters which ones would you say
these who are I'm not I would have said
I ran around but she says she's dad
she's in one episode and I could not
find a relatable barrier on there for
myself and her character so I'd have to
say um definitely she not like Emma
Roberts for sure new Chanel number five
yeah you'd be the one I our don't
I'm so kidding but that was Oh
when Emma Roberts is kinda knives and
she's like she now put them down like
reminded me of Ally so much whereas one
places love to travel together pairs
what is your favorite and healthy thing
to eat it is great you know cookie dough
I like I just like any snack food and
she loves talk about yes Taco Bell and
chicken fried chicken from what is the
best way to deal with bullies created by
YouTube channel because I was bullied
but people are still bullying me well
Abigail do not let anybody yeah just
ignore it like do your own thing I had a
YouTube channel when I was in high
school and people found it and we front
of it and I deleted it and it was
singing covers and now look where I am
just ignore it because if you don't let
it bother you then they'll stop
yeah just show like it's not bothering
you even if it is just go with it cuz it
could lead somewhere what's the first
thing you do in each other's bodies if
you switch that's right I don't know
what I'd do I would go bra shopping I
would just like the first thing I would
do but I always go like all the events
that you go to peers do my fun stuff
I love this question what does Brandon
ever get jealous of your relationship
lol like in a way kind of he's like whoa
are you know Valley about your getting
out with means that kind of thing do not
touch this Lilly was about to fight this
sleep mask apart so I'm just gonna put
it on she can't eat anything else yeah
she can't eat anything else
how did you guys meet this is my
favorite M elementary school and
kindergarten right what color was our
table great in kindergarten at the green
table we had a sign seat yeah we were
right next to each other's like hi we
were smiley and I remember like when she
said her name's Allie all I thought of
was like because I didn't know much at
that age I remember thinking of a valley
from like the lamp before time I don't
know why I was like ever forever since
then I was like you're her name reminds
me a blamed before done and that's so
fun he's really weird when I was
something yeah I remember no one could
tell you Nikki apart but I thought it
was so easy he liked more baby face it's
still that way she has like the longer
face and I have like least always have
playdates and one of Barbies she would
bring like a whole suitcase the Barbies
over in my house we would always take
American Girl dolls oh my gosh remember
you freaked us out I went to your house
and you freaked us out about the little
match girl you said you had a book with
it was called a little MatchGirl there's
a girl in the front holding a mat and
then you're like Kai she lives in my
attic and she kills people you had
in your attic - okay I said the Chucky
doll is in my a degree and we play
Titanic in your hot tub
what are your favorite songs by ariana
grande I don't know
I like like birthday it's just no like
dance yeah I got I thought my favorite
song was one last time or why try but
then I went to her concert and when you
heard break free live when he's like
this is all the whole audience was
bouncing up and down during that song
but they were just watching scribble
show and i'ma break free came on
everyone was like what's your favorite
makeup ring I like two-faced I'm going
to the two feet dinner next week real
like all my five to see tiny bit on my
five year anniversary with Brandon I'm
going to the two-faced dinner and then
we're spending the night in New York
City and then go to such a perfect oh
yeah I love to face there they are my
favorite makeup brand definitely Chanel
for you no I'm just gonna do it
disclaimer a lot of you guys are like
why do you show off your Chanel
foundation and face wash we can't afford
it honestly it's the only thing that
works with my face so I apologize for
matching mentioning it a ton of videos I
will find dupes and alternatives just
cuz like that's the only thing that
doesn't break me out I've really
sensitive skin you know whatever you do
my makeup news - Chanel just look so
nice just like it's like you airbrushed
it also in porcelain look number one
thing on Christmas list
I felt like an iPad oh my own Christmas
list because I've never had an iPad and
I love to shop and I love Tumblr and
Pinterest and of taking pictures yeah I
don't know what I want I think I'm gonna
ask for like a better camera so not to
use my phone favorite stores mmm me and
Gabi always go to ping like yes like
when I refer would slink Victoria's
Secret
Nasty Gal and then we go to Shannon
touchet accessories um we go on forever
21 forever 21
oh we also I love nasty Han Jung so much
are you psyched for beautycon and Allie
do you ever want to go to beauty Kanna
meet fans
I actually am going he's gotta be gone
this year next week in Munich or New
York City her Emeline and I are going
and Nicki Nye and well hurt I'm glad I
can hang around together because Nicki
are gonna be packed with the things
crazy crazy crazy schedules like a panel
meet and greets you name it but oh and I
will be walking around shopping updates
and stuff yes I'm generally said I've
never been there before
mmm Gabi described a Liam one word ally
describe Gabi and women girly girly just
girly like that's how we are girly like
princessy I'm not saying we're like
princesses but like I'm just like glam
glam glam that's my a better word glam
again we're one step further than girly
mm-hmm and that's it yeah yeah that was
a lot of fun like doing that any if you
guys want to check out our best friend
tag there's one on her channel we filmed
tonight as well we answer more questions
there but I'm gonna Matt um I will see
you guys in the next vlog or club or
beauty videos mm-hmm all right bye
