hey guys it's Gabby and today I am doing
a highly highly highly requested video
for you all and that is a shopping haul
I have not done one of these and forever
but I'm going to start putting more
beauty kind of videos on to my vlog
channel I'm so excited
majority of this stuff is from Toby comm
like my absolute favorite store and some
is from Nasty Gal comm Miss Selfridge
I've been so inspired by the fashion on
scream queens and I'm assuming a lot of
you guys can relate Emma Roberts
character Chanel I love her style okay
we love it to a tee like that's that's
my style like a thousand percent oh and
my best friend Ali is doing a haul as
well so make sure to click down below
and go to her channel and watch her fall
fashion haul for those of you who are
asking this dress is from toga comm it's
super cute and some of the back yes so
the first thing I'm going to show you
guys is actually on my rack it's this
fur pink coat and it's from Toby comm I
actually got it in a medium so that it's
slightly larger on me and this is how it
looks
I love this I love love love this jacket
and it totally gives me that Chanel
scream queen vibe and it also gives me
this super girly diva vibe which is
totally my style
the next thing I purchased is also on
this rack it's this Cape I'll show you
guys what it looks like this is from
Miss Selfridge calm I love it it goes
cute with this dress it's just very
beautiful and dainty
these are the only things on the rack
because I just don't want them to get
wrinkles but anyways um I got this
adorable
Emeline dress from toby calm and yes
it's called Emmaline and it totally
reminds me of my friend and mine hi I'm
align shout out to you and I'm actually
keeping this on the rack because I'm
keeping this as a potential beautycon
New York City dress maybe with like a
row of pearls and Chanel earrings or
something cute like that and like cute
pointed toe pumps or something so I'm
just going going to leave this on my
rack because I don't want to get
wrinkled or anything it's very beautiful
reminds me of a ballerina the next thing
I purchased was from Tobi and it's this
peplum top I'm going to have to iron
this but it looks like this and it is
pink and it just goes out I like the I
like wearing stuff like this with like a
pencil skirt maybe like a white long
pencil skirt or something super cute the
next thing I bought from Tobi is this
adorable crop top long-sleeved blouse
and I'll just show you how it works
because it's so hard to hold up and
explain but it goes like this and then
you tie it in a bow in the back so yeah
it's like this
feel beautiful the next two things I
bought are from Toby calm as well and
it's these cute little spaghetti tops
that you see all over scream queens like
this a white one and I got a pink one
and I also got a lace lavender version
of those tops from Toby as well
I'll shoot how cute are these tops I
love them the next thing I got were from
Nasty Gal calm I got a bunch of
knee-high socks to wear with my pumps I
also got it in cream I'm so inspired to
wear them was tons and gone Nasty Gal i
also saw a lot of the girls from wearing
socks with their high heels and I was
completely inspired I'm so obsessed I
got these high heels they were on sale
from nasty all calm super cute with a
fur coat for sure and like one of those
stockings I also got these heels I feel
like these would look so good with a
dress I'm wearing now it's like
knee-high socks
they smell like new shoes and I'm in
love the next thing I bought is from
Toby comm and it is this top it's gold
and sequin and has some pink in it and
chiffon beige cream-colored at the
bottom and it's just super pretty from
Toby I also got an oversized white
sweater and I have some stripes in it I
just thought it was super cute and I
could totally see myself wearing this
with like a super cute scarf or some
really cute earrings on my hair and a
bun or something I don't know I just
thought it was so cute but Toby I also
got this adorable romper it's like
shorts and it's super short like these
are shorts underneath but then I have an
overlay of a very light chiffon skirt
and it reminds me like a figure skater
dress it's just super flattering and I
love it like I'm obsessed with it
especially the colors creating the name
of
I went to a vintage store and I got
these gloves and I feel like they look
so cute with this dress I don't know it
looked like such a mean girl with these
gloves on oh my god I love you love so
ready for fall from Tobey I also got
this top it's like a tea party top it's
okay that's what I like to call sleeves
that look like this for some reason I
think of like tea party so yeah and last
but not least from Toby I got a midi
skirt which is like a 50 skirt and it's
lavender super cute and fits really well
those of you who have super small waist
and can't buy things that fit you this
fits perfectly last but not least I got
this new perfume called Asian
provocateur and it smells if you love
like the smell of vintage stores I even
vintage and floral E and like sweet you
love this smell it smells so good the
last thing I bought that I want to show
you guys I use them as decor now right
next to my flowers I am obsessed these
are adorable slippers to wear with a
robe or something and I just keep them
propped up right here I feel like they
go very good with my room and I'm
filming right here because I don't want
to show you guys my bed section yet I'm
working on a really cute setup but it's
super girly super super super girly I'm
never not going to be girly um we have
that's pretty much it I love you guys
and I'm so excited I just felt the hall
and make sure to check out my best
friend Ally's when you're done with this
her channel will be linked down below
and I love you guys mmm bye
you
