hello okay now
beautiful it is a beautiful beautiful
beautiful Sunday morning and my hair
makeup is done because I was going to do
something this morning and the plans
didn't fall through so I just threw out
a nightgown and got in bed and I'm
watching say yes to the dress oh my gosh
that is beautiful yeah oh you should
have tankards i think that she looks
beautiful just make yourself comfy guys
like this is my ideal day just watching
say yes to the dress it's happening
nothing bad I'm filming so I never took
off my Christmas umm pillowcases and bed
sheets you know the bunnies with the
snowflakes and now I'm getting super
excited for Christmas because it's only
three months away I have a photo shoot
later today and I'm really excited about
it it's like princessy themes and I'm
just so relaxed right now but I'm going
to LA tomorrow and I'm kind of stressing
out about packing which I should
probably start soon a lot of you guys
have been complaining that my vlogs are
disorganized that the lighting is bad
and then it's filmed on a phone but in
reality I'm just trying to give you
insight on my life and I don't think
this channel is meant for anything to
look professional this is my life my
life's not professional so sorry if it's
a disappointment
is being comfy of bed
unprofessional so I am back at Touche
accessories and they are kindly styling
me for a photo shoot later today we are
having some French wine and French
chocolate as we are styling me hmm
another gal that is really just so I'm
trying on all of these outfits try and
figure out which ones I want for what
photoshoots and I'm really loving this
one you guys think it reminds me of like
a little ballerina or something I just
want some like pointe shoes to go with
this hmm
so this is example down also at Touche
accessories and they did a wonderful job
styling today I'm so excited to show you
guys the outfits that I'm wearing in my
photo shoot that will get this crystals
but yeah I feel like this does like that
Pippa thing to my back you know it's
like I'm a very small girl for some
outfit to make me look like I have
something back here this is a very good
gown
good job yeah also so we're we are what
we are leaving the King of Prussia Mall
and going home because I have a photo
shoot and the say never ends I can't
wait to be back in bed comfy like I was
this morning
that's what I live for so I just packed
all of my clothes for the photo shoot
this is one outfit it is a tulle skirt
and this top is from Touche accessories
they said you could wear it like this
but for some reason I'm loving how it
looks like this like I love it so much
right now I'm going to a tower it's like
a Rapunzel Tower and we're going to be
taking pictures like princessy pictures
with that 1920s robe also over this that
I got from that antique shop she's going
to be very like French vintage kind of
princessy a photo shoot but this is Mike
he takes all of my pictures for social
media and take oh gosh he's a
photographer
we have been like BFFs since 2010 um for
those of you who have stuck around the
very beginning might actually was in a
all like all of our zeroes your movie
girl videos
he is very talented he's going to school
for photography and he enjoys taking
pictures at Nicky high and it's
beneficial for us as well they're the
best models in the world
Michael so I am in this tower hi Mike
hey you're supposed to say rapunzel
rapunzel let down your hair fun to let
down your long hair guys this is so cool
I'm wearing my robe again cuz it's
princessy
this is the tower and I feel like the
puns allure Juliet or someone in this so
I just got done taking some really
really epic pictures while I was bright
some really epic pictures with Mike he's
so good he is so good at taking pictures
I am just so happy with can't wait for
you guys to see though I cannot wait oh
my gosh I'm so excited me too but you
know what I realized this time that I
don't
to do more I don't smile with my teeth
in picture
like the team smile with pictures I
think because I'm self-conscious about
my teeth see like they're so tiny
there's no waiting stream
and there's like a little life chip off
of that tooth and
I mean I feel like further away you
can't notice that but for some reason
like I feel like it's programmed in my
head that people can weirdly see how
weird my teeth are from far away they
look like bunny teeth like like these
teeth are way bigger than all my little
teeth I feel like people are their worst
critics of themself and yeah so many
people tell me you should smile more
than teeth so you don't think I'm gonna
start smiling
you
you
