baby
does he think I want to
hi guys welcome to my club these are the
girls I'm leaving with and he was
ministering out the clock so I just got
back from my 8 a.m. class to my 8 a.m. I
usually just like bum it out and like
cuz I just roll out of bed so my attire
for this class is different than my
attire to my other classes but anyways I
only have this 8 to 9 class on Monday
Wednesday and Friday and then I have a
classroom 2 to 3 so until then I usually
just take a nap
shower change vomit hang out with
friends go shopping and then I'll go to
classroom 2 or 3
I'm interesting so I am at Chanel
counter at the mall and I just bought
vajura dish now I already have Leblanc
my cleanser then I have my toner but I
have this in a pink bottle and now I got
the Lesure as like a moisturizing serum
was against this in he dress I think I
might also get he dress on Shirley but
Mona Wehde classes this branch is on my
house maybe sorry for slacking so much
on my blogs but you guys don't know this
burn what are these kind of videos calls
clock vlogs girls clog which is college
vlogs and I just want to show you guys
like the real college life like I don't
want to sugarcoat it
yeah exactly housemates are gonna help
me show you guys bad me for clothes
yes great okay say something what you
know it's rock when is the second week
of school when you have a messy bun
sports bra t-shirts shorts flip-flops no
pedicure no me I think we should all be
in different words like someone should
be over there one should be over there I
should walk around and get people like
it looks like I this is my room and I'm
from here turn the bar oh you guys
you're actually in the room want you to
be at the bed like this
yeah she's waiting okay that's right I
don't know are you guys in your in your
positions you chose yet by the recording
though can you tell this is like their
first time being here
red go outside on the laptop I was so
pumped my roommate for you my brain I
knew no Scala
oh my god I wouldn't then there's stuff
and there's Brennan then there's Lexi
and Kenny
so this is Lexi she was in the room when
I was introducing everyone to guys she
is a nursing major oh my god what are
you making
I would show her nametag but then you
guys would know where this one goes
yeah this is our living room
pretty Cho like this little area I
brought this me your food and then I got
this cute little sign getting like a
really weird kind of room for oh that's
is the name of our school we can't show
that now can we
then we got Lexi is so good at DIYs like
she needs to show you guys like how she
made me all these things she makes all
the wall things though look who visited
me hey my shopping buddies - that's
right Allie I miss her so much
I know these girly girls that are like
kiss kiss haha I always show them my
outfit this is so cute oh yeah I'm out
of my set already
it was sweater weather I have an I have
a spare one in the Victoria Secret bag
but this I'm wearing like this oversized
like t-shirt dress and my UGG slippers
and the socks and I did my hair and
makeup my hair starting to get really
light guys
hi guys welcome to my club hey guys so
we're getting ready to go out so this is
brand earlier for ya
I did reals makeup and then the nose got
my body and yes my room I didn't you and
show you guys my room my beds really
messy right now but it's like gold and
white and then like this is like New
York City skyline baby won't you come my
way
a heavy haha but I try to sound like
auto-tune Hey Baby where did you come my
way okay what is it hi what's happening
time isn't home on nice arm dude that's
what she's doing
good morning my fellow clog e's clog
clog so it is the next morning Brielle
is just she's done anyways that's a wrap
for today you'll see these guys in two
weeks because I'm going to Los Angeles
for the next two weeks to be in a movie
but when I'm back
clogs will pick up yes yes hey guys so
this is the outro I usually do these on
my webcam but anyways um I just want to
let you guys know that I am in no way
promoting anything bad and if you have
seen things in this world that you think
are inappropriate then I apologize but I
am a junior in college I graduate next
year all of my friends are 21 and this
is like my college experience without it
being sugar-coated like I'm not going to
lie to you guys but I mean I'm not
trying to stay 15 forever I mean this is
a huge deal exposing you guys to this
side of my life so I just really hope
you guys don't make me feel bad about it
because this is kind of who I am at this
age right now um I guess you can say I'm
trying to be more open with you guys
because I feel like if I just sit in
front of a camera on our main channel
and make DIYs you guys think that I am a
20 almost 21 year old making DIYs like
all the time and I'm like no I go to
college and I have friends and we all
are a blast together
so if you have an issue with any of the
footage or anything that I am putting in
these clogs then don't watch them and
I'll just let you guys see me in on Nick
and Gabby it's okay I won't take it
personally but yeah that's pretty much
it just another disclaimer for you guys
college isn't always about having a
blast all the time it's really about
getting an education getting your degree
and
making a career out of it and I hope you
guys enjoyed my first clog I'm really
curious to know like what you guys think
about this so let me know all right love
you guys
