hello okay now
beautiful I'm with you know I'm with
Ally
and we are going shopping I'm actually
gonna catch you guys up I'm moving into
school like I'm living on campus but
when we film like our YouTube videos for
Nick and Gaby we're gonna be like like
filming those at home home but my
college is like 15 minutes away so I'm
moving in with one of my best friends on
campus with a bunch of friends in a
townhouse so I might be vlogging moving
day I'm not sure but I went shopping
earlier today for my dorm and the theme
is like white and gold so I like white
like fur rug and white boa for my bed
and like a white tapestry with gold on
it and I have a flower arrangement of
like black gold and white flowers and
feathers it's just really cute but right
now I'm going to get my last-minute
necessities with my shopping buddy
Ali Ali shopping and I have to get like
new Victoria Secret underwear like the
six for $27 like the three for 33
and to get my new Chanel moisturizer and
lip liners and yeah just like a bunch of
like last-minute stuff and I kind of
want to get a new pink with dre secret
like hoodie for s'mores in like yoga
pants
so yeah we're just gonna be shopping and
then let me get back to the house I can
show you guys like what I got for my
dorm it's not really dorm but I'm just
call it door
I'll show you like look at mini haul I
guess so I got myself some almond bubble
tea it's so good she hates it happy with
show good guys if you have a straight
shoot you'll like them so guys these are
totally things I want to show you
because I didn't plan on getting
anything like this at Victoria's Secret
but I came across their new like body
line and I got this a chi clean wash I
got this hydrating body lotion to apply
after I get out of the shower and then I
also got they're weightless body oil and
also the same scent of Chi and I'm gonna
put this on after I put on my lotion
after I get out of a shower I've been
really into skincare lately and it's
like something I have never really been
obsessed with school guys wait look at
my screen saver
I worked really hard on this last summer
and I want to just like take a moment
thank you what's next
a bad day there's always ups oh crap got
it cropped off there
I'm trying desperately to save money I
told you I just can't see - I'm Sheena
home you are a gem oh I forgot like I
remember searching tumblr for a bunch of
pictures that match I also got these
cute little bath bombs from Victoria's
Secret and if you guys don't know this
the my all-time perfume I wear is T's
perfume from Victoria Secret so getting
the bath bombs for that like completes
my life so when I was tomorrow I
splurged and I got a Swarovski crystal
phone case it looks like this that's the
logo and these are the Chams and it has
warranty and stuff and I never thought I
would spend money on this phone case and
so I got my screen fixed and I was just
like you know what I've always wanted to
get this as might as well go get it um
but you know what you know what today is
I mean my room is very messy because I'm
packing to go to school but um today's
the day I'm going to show you guys my
makeup collection and the reason I am
doing this now is because all my comment
the reason I'm doing this now is because
all of my comments are about my makeup
collection and that is something that I
should have done a while ago
so
so right here I have my makeup brushes
and then I have my makeup brushes and I
have my favorite perfumes and my
favorite Chanel foundations and candles
and a few eyes shadow palettes if all do
those kinds of - just eyeshadow palettes
in a stylish shoe I think this is
Network yeah this is my favorite Mac
room guys I use this a lot these are
just like neutral colors and in these
drawers I don't really have anything
except for like tweezers and stuff like
that
um I'll show you guys this later but up
here I have like eyelashes pigments from
Mac a little palette to mix foundations
and just like random stuff this is all I
come back and like you know like
eyeshadows that I really like and then
these are foundations wow this one is to
be shaken up a little bit I am obsessed
with Amazonian clay by Tarte and I have
auto mineral veils and BB creams and CC
creams and all over this officer when I
was like a lot lighter in like shades so
a lot of that I don't use these are
lipsticks and lip liners and tons of lip
liners and these are lipsticks I don't
use I mean look like why would I use a
yellow and then here's lip glosses and
chopsticks and all along here I would
say these three things are like the me
lip glosses all use and then back
there's just like stuff I use and right
here is like these powders and these are
concealers concealers
I just packed a lot of concealers away
to go to school so that's pretty much
I'm key I have this is I don't why I'm
showing my makeup collection now it's
like pretty much empty because I packed
away like a lot of makeup and stuff over
there um over here I have like lashes
bronzers illuminizer contour stuff um
yeah oh this stuff is my favorite
it's like sushi my see and in here our
eyeshadow palettes and I have actually
majority of my shadow palettes right
here
I'm obsessed with Too Faced I have all
the face palettes and I'm continuing to
grow my collection but yeah oh and I
have a bunch of Mac eye shadows appear
and ones missing because I've used that
to fill in my eyebrows I actually have
it right here
but I have a second way to bring like
when I travel so I'll bring any of this
when I travel those are my favorite
things but yeah I have my different
palettes and whatnot in here I'm
actually looking for my naked 3 de vente
school oh here it is in here I have
drugstore makeup
but and then I hope a bunch of different
like eyeshadows certain eyeshadows that
you can just online stuff I like them
homeland is that here's my mixture I
don't use the stuff I might be doing a
giveaway just like bringing Nick's
eyeshadows or something and blushes but
uh yeah NYX gave me that a beauty
converse and I went and Too Faced just
gave me their Born This Way Foundation I
like every shade of their line and
obviously the last shade is the one I
use so I have it all right now you want
to see how it looks I am obsessed with
it it's very like clean like that's what
I like best about the foundation it's
just like really clean and I'm going to
be wearing that a lot when I go to
school I'm actually going to sit and
explain my school situation since I
never did before but basically um I've
been living at school like this whole
like time during YouTube I mean not over
the summer obviously or Christmas break
but all last year pretty much I was at
school and then the year before and at
one point I was commuting I was driving
from home to school and I didn't live on
campus but this year I'm living in a
townhouse with a bunch of girls and I
might be getting some footage while I'm
there but it's not going to change
anything YouTube wise like it's like my
secret little life that you guys didn't
know I have like I go to school I live
in a townhouse with girls I'm in college
like and I come home on the weekends and
then I film YouTube videos Nikki so to
you guys it looks like I just lived at
home all the time and I don't even know
if you guys know this but I'm more than
halfway done with my college career and
I'm going to be getting a bachelor's
degree in communications a lot of people
who do YouTube drop out of school and
I'm not saying like I'm any better than
them because I'm not I'm just saying not
like getting my education is something
really important to Nikki and I and
we're going to continue to do that as
best as we can and living on campus is
what helps me with my grades I don't
know about you guys but like I have an 8
a.m. class on Monday Wednesday Fridays
so I need to be in bed early
at school so Ali is helping me pack for
school my room is a pigsty with bags
everywhere but I have a Danish best
friend ever and she's taking your time
to help me pack my stuff oh my gosh
hey guys so I'm in bed right now and I
was editing my vlog and then I realized
I suck at outros I did not film one once
again so basically I wanted to let you
guys know I did film a vlog when I was
in Los Angeles but Nikki put one up and
then I realized wow that's like the same
exact vlog it's when I was going to put
up so I was like there's nothing there's
not gonna be anything interesting about
mine so that's probably why I slacked
this week on vlogs is because I didn't
want to put up an identical vlog to
Nikki's but I also like really knew I
needed to upload a vlog so that you guys
didn't think I was slacking so I waited
til I had a day where I was doing
something in the night and made a vlog
for you guys I love you guys mmm and let
me know in the comments down below if
you want to see some vlogs at my college
