hey guys so I must give you an update I
attempted to dye my hair yesterday
myself and I'm going for like a purpley
reddish color so I did that and I
realized I wanted it a tad lighter so
I'm going to my salon later today but
right now it's kind of like a pampering
day like I did before but this one I'm
going places getting a facial and for
those of you guys who have been asking
me how I cleared out my face it's
honestly the face wash I recommended the
Chanel face wash and I've been getting
facials some chemical peels at Sahni
medical spa and that's where I'm going
right now because I want to keep up with
my nose it's because I have never had a
record like this before so I just got to
Donnie medical spot and they had some
thirds
okay guys so I'm in the snappy like robe
thingy or towel thingy that they give
you and I'm going to go lay down on this
bed and they have all the machines ready
to go and I'm ready to get my facial
literally laying down the masks of
movies and it is so comfortable in here
I'm like so comfortable it's just such a
nice thing to do to yourself just pamper
yourself you know take care of yourself
girls treat yourself once in a while
literally glowing
I don't know if you guys can see this
but like my skin is just like glowing
knows it's guys and this my skin has
never been like this before it's like
ever since I started doing facials and
taking care of my skin properly autumn
wearing clothes guys well a towel thing
but they were so so so so nice like a
waste and they gave me a goody bag he
something about the goody bag with the
exfoliator they used get a face mask so
I got home I did my makeup my face feels
so fresh after that facial and now I'm
gonna go get my hair done
on my way to get my hair dyed you get
your hair done it's like a scary thing
you see you guys so I just picked my
color and it's like a purpley brownish
blackish I don't even know I look you
can see the purplish in this way so this
is my hair
so for those of you who are wondering I
got my hair done at blank 27th salon it
is in bethlehem PA and asked for Maya if
you want this hair color she is perfect
at it it's like a reddish purple it's
not brown by any means everyone's like
it's brown but if you see it in person
my hair is purple they're in a class and
readership is Mean Girls characters
Gretch
Janis caddy Karen
deer boobs tell one's really ready Ready
Set action after straight-up chillin
watching TV land and excuse my messy
room but I got my losers package I got
it and I'm so excited so I'm gonna open
this package hi Millie well hi oh that
is so kind oh I love loose so we are
going to a festival in my hometown hi
Lucas hello
we say Anthony and everyone staring at
me talking to my camera like always used
to it so yeah we're going to a local
news like festival illegal and for those
of you who know where I'm from it's
called one success love before
we're level four let's just do the
stairs faster avi up and the gym just
working on my shoes
I just got my freshly squeezed lemonade
and we got corn and I don't know what it
has on it but it's really awesome
that's my brother if you guys didn't
come up the rules don't work
Jordan accommodated on point so it's the
next day and I'm on my way to take my
grandma to her birthday breakfast and
I'm going to the tea place that I ate
out with Ali in the last vlog after huh
so this is my outfit and for those of
you who have seen Roman holiday this is
inspired by Audrey Hepburn's outfit so
this is my nanny's birthday present I'm
so excited
I told you to get dressed up she has no
idea where we're going oh look guys this
is on my driver driving hood but it fell
off and to put it back that's Brandon
all right are you ready to get the
birthday girl little pop-up he's hearing
it well hi Doris
where's the birthday girl
she just went by the word guys this is
my grandfather's signature how cool is
that
Nani do your signature now hello there
on this topic because my grandparents
had me sign my magazine spread and they
were fascinated by my signature take my
bracelet off yeah are you just writing
in it you have a nice nice handwriting
naughty it's awesome small is that how
you wish you would sign your name like
this your signature so pretty and like
nice hair writing how about this one
well that's a fancy tea pop-up for
Teresa when she here we are no it's all
freaky I can't do one for her that's a
pretty though I think I can't change
where I see this on your name that's
what you need a little air anything work
on it dere's one more time pop up man
yeah
as awesome
you forgot the doctor not completely
gave you a right doctor down when your
signature did not you so nany and I went
to Jessica's Tea Room and we're back
we're sitting on her pretty for sitting
on oh God we're sitting on there pretty
couch that they said it could be mine
one day I keep holding on to that but
look what I know and he gave me many
times guys this is about how beautiful
is that
do you remember this was a belt
lots of my else oh yeah my dress you
like yeah my dress the outfits so pretty
I'm so lucky I'm so happy to have this
hey guys so basically this is a very on
the whim kind of part of the video I
don't know if you can tell but it's
potato quality because I don't know how
I would do this on my phone or it'd be
really awkward on my phone but obviously
you guys like a short segment of like a
cover because okay you guys don't know
this about me but I was a musical
theater major in college and I just
recently changed my major to
communications so that it fits with
YouTube and everything and I can get
internships with YouTube with that major
so my phones blowing up anyways um I
wanted to show you guys like what I can
do because I know a lot of you guys have
heard me sing covers before and my voice
isn't the best with pop songs I will
admit that it's more like ballads or
Broadway musical kind of songs so I'm
gonna do literally the most random song
in the world but I had this like
completely memorized because this is
like a good try out song to show what
your voice can do so
I'm gonna sing it for you you see well
she's never here at the James Young
again oh boy
it's not that what was not to be
okay using it all but these two words I
thought I knew him a change okay then I
thought all along that we were meant to
fight fighters could I be so wrong yeah
I know your sisters here ever share my
dream but waiting for I thought I
promise please will never change and
never part
I thought together would amaze the walls
how can I live my dreams
the wider the vault
I had all right and you know nothing use
the way it was before
and I don't know how to proceed
I know I will need her for something
more when you know if I can be
astonishing
that I meant to we life like nothing I
have known I can feel it and it's far
from here lines are to find it online
suited for my skin the latest fashion
pulls me from a film on YouTube again
there must be somewhere I can
the phone issue
Oh
until I find my tiny place and we'll be
fearless surrendering modesty
see
Hey
tada
