hello okay now
beautiful
hey guys so look I'm with she's a
stranger you guys feel like I'm always
with Ally
we're still at the beach or in Cape May
New Jersey and we're gonna go shopping
today
so follow us this beautiful pink antique
shop oh my gosh guys did that not pretty
yep I bought it in calcium so excited to
go inside oh my gosh I'm so sick this is
like a New York City Christmas big
windows yeah Christmas in July it's
actually Christmas like every day of the
year with me it smells so good if you
can keep pink pink pink pink pink yeah
it's all for like baby girl stuff
everyone who watches my vlogs is
probably really confused with like why I
prematurely look at this or stuff but
for those of you who are unaware I have
an obsession Christmas and it just makes
me happy like I feel no shame
i loving Christmas it's just like the
season really makes me happy
these are so pretty to go with my tree
like the Nutcracker theme crap they've
been on a lot I want to get like this
one and I'll look at this little girl do
these like they're part of the
Nutcracker because my trees game is the
Nutcracker I'm gonna go here a little
don't know why oh my gosh that's pretty
it's so late shabby chic yeah just found
Shawnee chic section so obviously I'm
gonna go ham on top of my Nutcracker
cordially feel like this is all I do
anymore this is my problem right now
look at these flowers to stick in my
tree you got it Kiko and look at these
pretty ornaments very shabby chic look
at these things I'm gonna get one for my
room either the pink roses that light up
or the sparkly white ones I think I
might go with the pink but I don't know
I could surprise myself a little sparkly
white ones just like so vintage looking
like this is so cute like we're such
cute Christmas tree I know
I'm buying so much okay that worn amid
winds that it's like a mixture of like
my shabby chic style and glam saddle and
it's silver one oh my gosh that goes in
the purse that's only two oh my god and
I found cupcake lights okay roses or
cupcakes roses okay I need to get these
for EM yeah but I'm feeling roses for
you
you know what are you doing to me gab
you're dining in the north
but did you ordered a drink I got the
orange
yeah I got a haircut so jewelry Smasher
do they have bath bombs exact totally
lots about when they're going beautiful
dress store calls uniquely Lord all the
pretty hats and dresses Wow
how do we find these doors so pretty why
am I always playing dress-up look at
this scarf just are so cute
bling dress up always
hey guys so I'm finally home all my bags
are disgusting over there such a mess I
need a clean tomorrow I'm watching the
Audrey Hepburn story starring Jessica
well here I got my little lily here my
Eiffel Tower fix I always mention that
because I really thought I was not gonna
be able to fix it and I got my little
rose lights up they're so pretty and
shabby chic
I'm so happy with them anyways
this move is pretty good but it would be
better if my little notifications stop
going off in the corner my rose lights
are my new obsession like when I look up
and I see them they look so pretty from
nothing
hey guys so I just woke up okay who I
found
snuggled up on my computer
good morning good morning
oh you lazy lazy thing you tired Oh guys
her eyes are happy I might have to let
her sleep more let's go let's go Nene
Kim okay that's it Lily you made me
sleep in so late you're getting up
you're getting up come on we're going
out come on you little lazy
look at this monkey look at this funky
look at this monkey oh she's so cute so
I'm going to go to Michael's because let
me pull this out it's really hard to
explain but I got shoes from Goodwill
okay so I have been into the whole
Valentino pumps lately and they're like
$1,000 a pair so I've been holding off
on them and thank God I held off on them
because I came across at Goodwill pumps
that look identical like replicas to
them - the studs so this is what they
are they look just like them I got them
for $7.99 at Goodwill where the heck is
the tag yeah $7.99
I paid $8 and now I'm gonna go to
Michaels and get the studs the gold
studs so yeah these are Valentino pumps
and I'm making my own for under $10 I'm
not spending $1,000 I have never been so
happy with my shopping I'm so so happy
let me up
$995 or $1,000 shoes I just made on
myself whoo oh my gosh I got these shoes
at Goodwill just look at this it's the
same thing
I got except it's a snakeskin like this
is so cute I need to wipe off some of
this hot glue but I got these shoes at
Goodwill for $7.99 and the studs for $10
so I spent under $20 for these shoes
just so you guys can see them on how
adorable are they like how adorable okay
this looks like an Instagram picture be
right back I am so excited oh my gosh
God add these to the shoe collection
oh yeah just so you guys know I have a
shoe collection and yeah um these are
gonna be a part of it and you guys don't
know this but I have more heels at my
tail and I try to make as much room as I
could hold on
scooch they're too pretty to turn one
heel around which is like the thing I've
got going in my closet so I'm just gonna
have them both face the front they look
so pretty next to all my heels oh my
gosh I have a sickness where shoes are
my obsession
as well that is my vlog for today I
don't have a schedule yet but you'll be
seeing more soon I actually have
something going on this week that I'm
going to vlog like tomorrow night or the
day after or something but anyways I
love you guys mmm see ya
