hello okay now
beautiful so it's not even tomorrow yet
but I couldn't wait but before I show
you this bathroom I must explain
I'll show you Nikki's bathroom later but
Nikki and I used to share a bathroom in
between our bedrooms
she was very messy very disorganized
nothing against her it's really funny
actually but I just was like I need a
clean life for you to be in a clean
environment when I'm getting clean so I
moved into the bathroom down the steps
from our room and our rooms are in
addition onto our very very old house
our house was built like over 100 years
ago
so this bathroom is very old and I tried
making it look as best as it could this
is literally like the most ratchet
bother in our house but it's also my
favorite because the bathtub is pretty
deep but yeah I'm going to show you what
I did to this old bathroom that was
vintage right well that's what I loved
about it look so vintage anyways I got
this fabric from Hobby Lobby I got my
face wash and this dispenser which is
from TJ Maxx it looks so glam it's very
shabby chic in here in a year and my
cotton balls for my face wash yet I have
a boo boo I have some soaps my
toothbrush just a little decor I have
this pretty freely towel and then I have
my bath bombs from lush in here after we
stock I think I'm going to go wash your
feet um and I have some towel towels
those tell things that you wrap around
your head like when you get out of the
shower it's like made just to wrap
around your hair and then I have some
extra Chanel face wash but for when I
run out of that and then I'm some lush
bags makeup remover and over here I have
more fabric which is over there
and I have this cute little I want to
say hey little deal with the new carpets
I put in here yeah like this important
I'm actually most likely gonna use this
when I give them any baths I don't know
what it's called
I'm lost there oh my god oh my gosh I'm
so stupid it's a picture of my part
anyways I got this little flower from
Hobby Lobby and these are some bath
salts and I'm excited to size but I'm
going to keep the box here even after
uses then it got this adorable candle
from hallmark and it is called sugar
topped blueberry muffin it smells just
like oh my gosh it's hard to get open oh
my gosh it smells just like a blueberry
muffin that's delicious
I also have one of my Christmas scents
and I have um cinnamon that's right nice
it smells so good in here let me show
the door and this is my Juicy Couture
robe it's very roughly and I would make
it down below but there are on stock
with these and oh look at this scrubby
thing I got for about my roots there's
the last one it's popsicle how cute is
that it doesn't matter about there but
whatever and then I have some candles in
my bag
another winter Sun it is called winter
and the other one is called pink petal
tea cake and I got the pink petal Tiki
from a sub then I have sweet spun sugar
but I have another winter Sun I have my
winter care Dove soap it smells so nice
and my sulfate-free shampoo cuz I really
and you do not forget about Superboy
this is an exfoliator I swear by it some
bath salts but should we go show your
mickey's yeah we're gonna go show you my
keys bathroom my bags ID to get rid of
let's see you Nicki this is a define
difference of this is the addition here
we see the light wood is the old part of
the house so let's go to the new part of
the house
by my opposite
I mean come on what is that I should get
to bed and I know probably shouldn't
start vlogs like the night before but I
was just too excited about my bathroom
Oh guys look at this pillow there are
your snowflake I miss Christmas guys
we're gonna have a killer vlogmas this
year just sayin love you guys see you
I'm ready Karen I have to go fix my nail
nails
I'm going to Michaels because look who I
ran into wasn't even planned was it even
for what are you doing to me I'm done
coffin coffin nails I'm doing coffin G
probably yeah probably gonna do like
pink call me I'm getting this color huh
oh that is beautiful
don't we pick guys oh my name is ed I
kind of like this pink
I didn't even do any of my other errands
because it took so long in the nail
salon rushing home I only have an hour
to quickly film one video with Nikita my
hair makeup say bye to Brandon pack my
stuff
so basically I just rushed so so so fast
basically Nikita had to rush and film a
video because we were supposed to upload
this next week but the one we're
supposed upload this week we ran into an
issue and the company said we should
upload it like in nine days or something
and that's because that video was like
sponsored and we had a listen to the
rules so we filmed a really really funny
video I did my hair and makeup really
fast I don't know how I did it so fast
we filmed I packed my bags all my bags
hacking is always the hardest when it
comes to me but I did it in less than
three minutes hmm if I miss anything I
can just borrow one of Ali's we're going
to head to the beach very soon I'm
really excited and you guys hi Niki oh
yeah baby oh yeah I'm showing them I put
together my Eiffel Tower how it was
broken and they saw it on Twitter fixed
it ooh these are mine Chris my Arminius
I bought I'm going to show you guys
Christmas ornament home Christmas
ornament haul I can't talk daddy got
some nice new cameras for blogging who
got you you need a better camera ballet
slippers
I got a slice of cake I got
hajikko the camera got it I got this
ballerina so for those of you who are
new my Christmas tree is like French
Nutcracker ballet sweet themed like the
land of sweets kind of from The
Nutcracker that's usually what my rooms
like around the Christmas season I'm so
excited and I'm definitely going to be
doing vlogmas hardest part about going
to the beach or going on vacation
anywhere is saying anything we best
friends really guys she's a human she's
not even a dog bouncy bouncy bouncy
bouncy bouncy
she is cited for the Christmas season
too right Natalie right where do I
freaking begin huh we get in the car or
all pant everything's good and then I'm
like editing this vlog like on my laptop
and I have my headphones in so I
couldn't hear anything but Alec said
like this is like a grinding noise all
of a sudden my mom went to go push on
the gas nothing was happening so we had
a cruise over to the shoulder and her
transmission went on for like almost on
a bridge basically like when we turned
off the car like it was shaking because
of all the trucks and stuff going by us
on the bridge this really sucks
that's gonna be at the beach and we got
in a tow truck
we had a drive all the way home even
though we were closer to the beach than
home bumping b'stilla slipped on the way
home what the tail of the tow truck had
to take us all the way home and then we
had to drop off the car at a gas station
to get fixed tomorrow morning and then
the tow truck had to bring us all the
way home
and then we had to drive Ally's car and
her mom all the way to the gas station
to take out the luggage from that car
put it in the other car and then we
drove all the way back to the beach
house and now it's light and now it's 3
o'clock in the morning reading I'm so
tired from driving when we left at 6:30
7:00 7:00 that was so much driving and
so much craziness no hey we should try
calling that girl and if it doesn't work
we'll call her tomorrow morning okay
okay so some girl confident on my
Instagram photos like this is Gabby D
Martino's number I'm like okay so I'm
gonna call you so let me find it
hello hi is this Gary DiMartino why is
this Gabby DiMartino
hello
hello-o oh my gosh I'm sorry oh it was
that Anthony yeah oh my god wait this is
really you yeah huh oh my god it sounds
just like you
wait what this is so weird
on Gaby's Instagram photo I thought I
thought like someone was lying some
person gave your number out but like wow
yeah I'm sorry if this is like in
treating your personal space I just like
a renewed fan oh dude do you not like me
I'm sorry this makes you uncomfortable
but talking to you makes me wanna like
run outside and like scream and it's so
late yeah what yeah it is wait how did
you know
so as I'm editing this vlog I realized I
forgot to take the outro
I was asleep hurtin and I'm still up
it's so late um but yeah today's vlog is
very long and I hope it was entertaining
and I'll see y'all in my next video love
you
