hello okay now hey guys this is the
first of many vlogs this is a lead uh
you guys remember her right okay so my
voice is so messed up right now I am
trying to figure that out I woke up with
low voice at all we are going shopping
we're going to the King of Prussia Mall
the nope you guys know what that is but
it's like one of the biggest malls like
in our East Coast area obsessed today
literally my voice is so gone maybe
it'll be back tomorrow morning my voice
is so weird
these are like our outfit she's wearing
my thighs like a high boots don't like
my
okay guys so Ali and I were having a
photo shoot I like certain pictures here
this is why girls you don't do photo
shoots do friends while you're on the
highway
picture that right here
your flash side of her car
guys we got bestfriend phone cases furs
is sparkly and pink - sparkly and black
so basically Ali and I out of us all on
Twitter but we were completely
disrespected by the BCBG workers I don't
want to get into it but the BCBG workers
at the King of Prussia Mall I need to
like file a report on them or something
and I'm not usually like that
I got usually an easygoing person I
tries to find the best and everybody but
these girls were the most like pissed
excuse my language girls I've ever met
since high school
just because we were dressed nice you're
asking us like where you guys going to
dinner Korea guys needy they were like
questioning us so much that like they
try catching us and all I am I've got a
lager but like I felt ashamed for how I
was dressed because of their questions
Ali and I stopped in this beautiful
boutique little did I know this owner
runs the store and it's only in France
and here this beautiful boutique and
what did you say ICT or Chanel and
Christian guru yeah I love her I said
you're Shannon I'm Christian here good I
said you're Shanna I'm
Jones I know so pretty
so the kind help me pick out his outfit
all of her clothes different frames
right these are so free oh my gosh
I can't turn these army hostile
vegetarians that's beautiful so I'm home
from the mall Lilly loves sleeping in my
suitcase we care looky here
I've yet to unpack some of my clothes
because she likes the feeling of these
sequins on the skirt in the reveals and
every nails the hills the hills she's a
cutie anyways I thought I'd do a mini
haul for you guys um I bought this phone
case that I showed you guys my best
friend phone cases with Ali and then
from the French boutique I ended up
getting I'll put my camera here ends up
getting this hat
music this isn't like classic in the Hat
this is just a hat stand but not this
fancy hat and I got this sequin top look
at that his how cute doesn't clean it
okay and then I got this skirt and she
sold it to me for a lot cheaper because
she said everyone who goes to her store
like no one could ever fit in this and
she said it fit me like a glove and she
said you know I I know this dress was
made for you so you can have it you can
either wear it this way and have the bow
in the back you could wear it with the
bow in the front I like the bow in the
front but yeah that's all I bought I
didn't really go ham like I usually do
because I mean a lot of these pieces
from the French store were not cheap but
the kind woman from the store asked Ali
and I to be models for her store so
that's something that I think I'm gonna
do I'm really excited about that and I
just realized that it is now what is it
like 2:30 and I haven't eaten anything
yet today like this always happens and I
don't want you guys commenting like oh
you starve yourself you know anything
did it no I really lost track of time
we woke up really early went to the mall
and now I'm home so I think I'm gonna do
some like Mediterranean takeout or
something so I'll keep you updated on
what I order and from where so I'm
watching two things I decided it was
much needed after going into that French
boutique today I just feel like this is
the perfect date modulus anyways I know
that I said I wanted Mediterranean food
but this is really loud um I know I said
I wanted Mediterranean food but instead
I hunted my refrigerator for leftovers
and I came up with this so these are
some green beans with some dressing on
them some stuffed peppers and some
olives
I might take out whatever's inside the
stuffed pepper because I kinda just want
the pepper are you hunting down my food
mini you wouldn't like it I just walked
Lily and she smells really bad yeah
you're gonna want we're gonna walk away
from me
she smells really bad I go get her spray
but her bedrooms behind my vintage
collection rock so I'll give you a semi
mount or this is Lily's bed and some of
her treats all her clothes in her closet
is like exploding she's a picture of
Mommy and Daddy she's her toys this was
a Kingdom hit she had she stole my
Murray toy that a subscriber got me and
this is a little paw print she did okay
this looks really like obsessive with my
dog but Brandon and I like made DIY
puppy paint on Father's Day last year
and Lily stuck her paw in the paint and
then put her paw prints on the paper so
even though they look like blobs we
still think it's so adorable so we put
it on the wall but I was here to get her
spray because she stinky she's stinky
Lily you're stinky you know that you're
stinky Lily
you're stinky a straining wanna spare
you today
stay
you smell yummy now so I am dressed for
a baby shower and this I think is the
end of my vlog I'll show you some more
nighttime footage in my next vlog we can
have like a night edge with me um but
this is what I'm wearing
I just abandoned oh we said maxi skirt
and this um Chanel shirt necklace and I
honestly just tied my hair back from
earlier because I was digging
just so you guys know right now my vlog
Channel um it's not an actual name yet
I'm still thinking of a name YouTube has
this weird rule now where you can't
change your url or customize it by any
means until 30 days so in 30 days I'll
be giving this vlog channel a name
I'm still thinking I don't want to give
out my ideas so yeah that's pretty much
it I'll see you guys in my next video
