hey guys this is a start to a really
really really exciting fancy blog but
before I get started I do want to let
you guys know that I am starting to
restock my Poshmark here are the items
that I am listing I'm listing this
corset top this dress it's so hard to
show but it's tulle and blush and rose
gold and super cute I'm trying to stock
some like holiday items so Colin and I
are on our way to New York City because
I don't know if you saw on Instagram but
I have a meeting tomorrow but anyways
I'm gonna still talk about the things I
just posted on my Poshmark and I'm gonna
show you guys my shop so it's a little
bumpy because I'm in the car but I'm
gonna try to get this to focus so this
is my Poshmark shop and this is what it
looks like my shop is at fancy Ella it's
super girly and this is the jacket I
showed you this is the corset top this
is the grey fuzzy jacket and then this
is the rose gold dress it looks like I
already sold this jacket even though I
just posted it so make sure to share
your closet aims in the comments down
below
and you guys know I love stocking your
closets you guys are super cute and
girly and I just love you guys and like
I said you guys can make your own shop
by clicking the link down below hey guys
so we just got to our hotel and Colin
taking pictures of this mesmerizing view
but I think this is better so we just
got in here so I'm like where's the bed
I see a couch but so I show up and I
don't even realize that they have ladder
a waiting for me
little ladder I'm in oh these are so
cute I gotta put them in my purse I'm
gonna try this one I think this one's
pistachio so I just rinsed off and Colin
and I just got tickets to see anesthesia
on Broadway and I'm so excited guys I've
loved the movie anesthesia ever since I
was really little but the funniest thing
just happened so I'm laying in bed okay
I'm like over here and Colin's like
Gabby are those things food and I'm like
what thinks he's like those macaroon
cookies are they food and I was like
yeah of course they are why and Colin
goes honey what did you say they taste
like makeup bar of soap and make of it
I'm like Colin did you have the Rose
flavor back around was it pink and he's
like yeah and he starts chugging water
and making this grossed out beans and
I'm cracking up so we just get back to
our hotel room and look how cute it says
we love you love Kiko oh my gosh I'm so
excited guys I'm so excited to have my
knee angry at Kiko cosmetics tomorrow
here is my outfit for tomorrow I'm
wearing this like aqua blue winter
wonderland look and I don't know if you
guys can see this but this is the outfit
that I wore today I don't I didn't get
any pictures in this outfit and this is
one of my favorite outfits I've worn
so I'm vlogging on my phone because I
know they won't let me go into the
theater if I had a camera because it's
like illegal to film stage and it might
look sketch if I'm walking in with like
a big like clunky vlog camera so I have
my phone right now
sorry for the bad quality and yes the
iPhone X has terrible iPhone the quality
it's so bad
I'll turn this phone and get the iPhone
game we are currently
I do have a long day tomorrow so I'm not
gonna vlog all night and I'm actually
gonna take my makeup off and go to bed
but Khan and I thought it would be nice
to watch elf tonight since we are in New
York cities don't fail me now turn me
don't turn back now that we're here
people always say hey things I almost
remember I say chest spoke up and it's a
winter wonderland this morning nothing
is more me than Christmas snow in New
York City guys so I just woke up and you
should see the sitting room with the
couch it's like you would think the
Kardashians are living here Cohen who do
you think you are chocolate-covered
strawberries not Indians I know I slept
in me I don't like sweets anymore why
you don't know boy - why this one's like
a boy I feel like this fragrance is
fitting for today I don't know if you
guys ever smelled this this is the
Viktor and Rolf Bob Bob couture it's
their newest version of book the Bob Bob
perfume and it smells like cupcakes it
smells so good and then this is the hair
mist so I felt like if I wanted to be
Christmassy today I had to wear this
fragrance and guys this is the robe that
they got me I know I showed you last
night but this is what it looks like
it's so pretty and magical oh yeah and
guys check out my new phone case a
subscriber made this illustration of me
and Lily you guys have probably seen it
on Instagram but she also gave me a
planner with this print on it a phone
case a pillow and a mug so this is the
phone case you're gonna be seeing for a
while now it's so cute just the meet and
greet
I'll pour this while you your zombie
amid them
so this is me in my outfit it looks like
this and my shoes look like that with
little clothes on the back
hey guys so I just got back from New
York City
it is so snowy outside and I know you're
probably wondering what am I dressed for
right now and that is because I'm going
out with Nikki and our group of friends
do the summer break squad and spring
break spawn that's what I like always
wanna vlog like when I'm out at the club
but like I know that a lot of you are
young and I want to be respectful of
your ages I want to be respectful of
your parents those you who watch me so
I'm not gonna vlog at the club but it
doesn't mean I'm hiding anything from
you I'm not hiding anything from you
there's just like those of you who are
like in the club scene and go out with
your friends understand respectfully why
I would not want to put that on my vlog
channel so yeah I'll see you guys when
I'm not at the club hey guys so it's the
next day I didn't get to vlog all day
because I've been filming with Nikki at
my parents house and I'm ordering some
Christmas presents for my family that's
like one of my favorite things to do and
right now I'm currently in pink
Wonderland and those you who don't watch
my blog channel or haven't seen any of
my videos other than this pink
Wonderland is my pink bedroom at my
parents house that I decorate so cute
and like vintage pink Christmas
decorations every Christmas I mean
here's a little sneak peek of what I
have obviously this isn't the room tour
so I still have more to film with Nikki
right now so I have to go but I think
I'm gonna be shopping with Colin either
later tonight or seeing V squad I don't
know what I'm gonna end up doing I'll
keep you guys updated and I'm gonna go
film a Nikki Gabi video right now so I'm
gonna close this vlog in my older closet
from my parents house this other fancy
closet I hope you guys enjoyed this vlog
let me know in the comments down below
if you like this vlog and if you're
looking forward to more Christmasy vlogs
because I have it so much going on this
week and the next video that's going on
my channel guys is so
magical I mean way it might be a blog
and then the magical video but it might
be sorry it's like an automatically it
might be the magical video next so I
have a lot of Christmas things brewing
and I'm sorry it's been so long since I
uploaded evolved usually I post once
every three days which is gab miss but I
know that you guys saw earlier in this
vlog that I have a meet and greet and
that's honestly why I've been so slow
with my vlogging game so I'm really
sorry and I'm gonna get back on it and
just a reminder to go check out my
Poshmark account and stay on top of it
because I'm gonna be frequently posting
around the holiday and make sure to
download it to make your own shop so you
can shop on my shop and yeah that will
be linked down below for free I love you
guys so much and I'll see you guys in my
next auntie vlog bye
