good evening fancy babies so right now I
am ready to go to the airport
I'm leaving LA I'm leaving my big comfy
bed my little Christmas room that's what
I'm gonna call this I'm gonna call this
my Christmas room
like it's so oh my god good thing I did
a double check like I was gonna forget
all like my nice jewelry over here I
need to turn off all the lights
I'm actually pretty sad to be leaving LA
like this never happens but I'm gonna be
back here in two weeks with Colin so
that's good he's gonna be with me and
I'm not gonna be like missing him all
the time like I was this trip but right
now I am getting ready to go to the
airport you like my new glasses I got
today
they're like sparkly I don't know if you
can see yeah I'll keep up with you guys
when I'm at the airport hey guys so
Nikki and I are in our seat they're
right next to each other like living
pretty bougie on this flight we're
facing the opposite way looks like this
and boys I have a story time for you
right now so they fixed me when we first
got to the airport I don't know yet I'm
still in that phase where I don't know
get away from foot when I first got to
the airport I was like making em feel so
they're just like yeah yeah okay
then all of a sudden got only a purely
checkin I bolt to the bathroom and like
I've run to the family about doing some
of them years to live in Iran since when
is that there and I grew up like so much
and I know as he and I but it was like
like six huge mouth holes I'm like oh my
god I'm definitely say before I eat
something like this is normal so then we
go through security and it's taking that
long
and I felt like I was gonna throw up
again when I got on the plane but the
nice stewardess got me some seltzer
knives and I'm just haven't your illness
thank God I have an aisle seat because
it should start to hit the fan I have to
keep getting up I'll keep you guys
updated by the way because we're sitting
with our backs facing the other way
we are flying backwards the watching
home alone
hey guys sorry that I didn't vlog during
the day today
I guess you guys can predict like what
happened after I landed sorry that the
game in the other room is being really
loud I don't know if you can see but he
has his own little game room and it's
super sick and we're gonna put up a game
room tour on his channel like eventually
he's such a boy but anyways today I
landed I like 6:00 a.m. it is now 8 p.m.
so it's been over 12 hours since I
landed and the past twelve hours I have
been so sick I threw up right when we
landed and then if you catch my drift
I've been in the bathroom all day and I
think I'm feeling better I had plans to
have a get-together tonight at my
apartment and I've been feeling better
obviously I did my makeup but because
they've been feeling better I think I
might still follow through with them cuz
I miss all my friends I've been into LA
and I haven't seen them I'm watching
Hallmark Chris actually lifetime
Christmas movies right now they're a
little different but they're exactly the
same when it comes to cheesy and happy
and Christmassy
so yeah that's what I'm doing right now
I'm just gonna relax I might get a
workout in before they come over because
usually that makes me feel better like
when I'm really sick working out makes
me feel good I'm not gonna push myself a
lot I'm just gonna do something mild
today but I haven't worked out at all
when I was in LA because I'm always so
busy when I'm in LA I have my like mint
what is it
white mint latte candle from Bath and
Body Works burning and I have some water
and like the funny thing is it's like
when I'm not sick I never like just
chill on the couch I just like chill
wherever but when I'm whenever I'm sick
whether it was not my parents growing up
when I was little or wherever my
grandparents house whatever I would
always lay on the couch when I'm sick I
don't know why let me know in the
comments down below you'd like never lay
on the couch but like when you're sick
you always lay on the couch
look who's done playing his game taking
care of you Kahn's been taking such good
care of me like earlier I when I got the
plane I was super sick and I went to bed
and I woke up at like 2:00 p.m.
there was Nutcracker ballet music on the
TV those you who follow my snapchat saw
that it was adorable he's adorable he
takes us good care oh so I am currently
at the gym with my baby he's hiding from
the vlog and yeah it's pretty empty in
here I love it those of you who follow
me on Instagram know since I was
diagnosed with my thyroid problem back
in July I've been trying to get in the
gym every single day because it's really
hard to maintain how you look when you
have a thyroid problem so I have been
using the fit nation app since like 2014
even before my thyroid problem but if
you don't know what this is pretty much
you add a meal plan I'm on the gluten
free and paleo meal plan and then you
add a workout plan and I'm doing the
lean and strong workout plan which is
right here lean and strong and it tells
you what workouts to do and what days
and for how long I've noticed that this
really has been helping me especially
since I have to thyroid problem now hey
Colin how you doing
all right I'm gonna finish working out
now but I hope I cleared a few things up
on how I lost my thyroid wait if you
guys want me to do like a dedicated
video all about my diet and what I did
and Hashimoto's and all that stuff and
how I'm able to stay pretty lean where
the circumstances let me know and I'll
do a whole video on that I'm just scared
of some youtuber Nazis making videos on
my diet but yeah just let me know and I
will do a dedicated video fearlessly so
I'm back from the gym and I just
realized my sports bra with being worn
inside out I'm gonna take out my hair
and an attempt to get ready I mean this
is like the stomach virus hair like
whenever I'm sick I'll get in the shower
and then put my hair in a bun and like
not care about it and now it's gonna be
all knotty so I need to take care of
that because I still AM having friends
come over later and I don't want it to
be in a bun when they're here so I'm
gonna try to fix this so let's see how
this hair looks mmm what that look at
them look at my hair
it's still kind of wet - OH
how now mm-hmm I mean I guess that's
kind of pretty but for those of you who
are saying I need to get my roots done I
actually don't mind this look I feel
like it looks kind of cute it was like
my skin tone but I am getting my roots
touched up this week there's nothing a
little straightener can't fix up here
okay so it's been a little I forgot to
put the vlog camera on when I was
touching up my hair but I pretty much
decided to just touch up the Crim penis
with a curling I don't know how I feel
about this bang hold on
is there any better I think this is fine
I don't know let me know in the comments
down below if you like this hairstyle I
straightened the ends
of my hair to make it like Omar and look
longer I used to do that in high school
I don't know what got me to do that
tonight but I liked it so yeah this is
my hair hey guys so I have a solar beam
and Mike went to 7-Eleven to get little
and cold yeah for my belly hi everybody
I'm a Slurpee slushie we have ken Ken
Ken good look at his slippers your
bougie er than me honey bear yeah you
are even like just chillin no make up
your schedule years so for those of you
asking if I'm on meds right now no I'm
not I actually stopped my medicine once
my blood work showed I was hyperthyroid
when I was hypothyroid over the summer I
was taking synthroid and then I switched
to armor and then now I'm on nothing
because I'm waiting for my TSH to climb
up and once I'm once I'm hypo again I'm
gonna start taking meds again but
probably a lower dose so that I don't
make my thyroid overactive so yeah
all right so I am currently at Urgent
Care with Rachel and this is like the
place where I follow up with my blood
work for my thyroid problem today we're
not just checking the thyroid that we're
gonna do like an overall at exam because
it is weird for me to throw up and be
nauseous for this long like I don't know
what's going on yeah we're gonna check
that out I'm not pregnant I don't worry
jokes aside we're checking to see if I
just rap we're doing a strep test over
checking my sinuses we're checking my
ears because I've been really dizzy and
we're also checking for a UTI so we're
checking for like everything right now
yeah me Gaby if you are pregnant I
volunteer as tribute if she does you
know guys got me starting on bags
javi got me started on filler too so
it's fine yeah what was low bruh look
like it might cause you to be a little
dizzy do I need to eat more maybe drink
a little bit more fluid okay it's more
of like a drinking water to thing not
like a food thing mm-hmm
this person that's doing the blood work
is very new at doing blood work okay so
she doesn't get I'm gonna come in and
draw it myself
yeah can you do it yeah I'll do it yeah
okay awesome those are squirting blood
everywhere
no I hate one I hate what I hate what I
do you what what you're not I'll hold
that what are friends for
hey guys so before I wrap this vlog I
want to show you what came in the mail
I got Kylie's knotty palette her nice
palette and I got the there's like sugar
and spice into the sugar and this is a
spice lip kits and then I got this red
velvet lip kit and I got the Kylie
cosmetics makeup bag for the holidays
I'm so excited to use all these honestly
I would show you guys swatches and how
they look on this channel but I know
Nikki and I are planning on doing like a
Kylie cosmetics video for the main
channel this week so get excited be on
the lookout for it I'm super excited to
swash layers I haven't even tried them
yet I just redid my makeup because I'm
heading over to my parents house right
now and I'm gonna be filming a video
with Nicki and that's also gonna be
another fun video but it's not gonna be
the Kylie cosmetics one all right so
that's it for this fancy vlog let me
know in the comments down below if you
are liking these longer vlogs and I'm
sorry if this vlog was a little negative
because I know a lot of you guys like
watching my vlogs cuz you say they're
positive and they help you and whatnot
and I just you know life's not perfect
sometimes I have all these health
problems I'm starting to definitely feel
better I had a virus yesterday I think
and I feel fine right now but I need to
wait to hear back about my thyroid
having a thyroid problem is annoying and
it's always changing and that's what
sucks especially when you have
Hashimoto's so I'm gonna stop like
milking the hell she voters saying cuz
like no one wants to hear anyone
complain and that's not what this
channel is for but if you want to see
blogs for me I'm not gonna milk anything
I'm not gonna sugarcoat anything this is
my life and I'm not perfect all the time
and I definitely have some health
problems so alright I'll see you guys in
my next Dancy vlog and I love you guys
so much
