hey fancy babies hello from the LA
apartment yes my eyebrows look a little
different right now but this is them
fixed so if you stay and watch and wait
till the story time I'm about to tell
you I'm gonna show you what they used to
look like before I fix them but they
still look a little off so yeah make
sure you stay and listen to that for now
I have to start my makeup and start
getting ready because my sisters and I
have a really early call time we're
actually shooting a show and it's like a
surprise but I'm gonna have to throw
hints here and there but I can't like
completely tell you what it is so yeah
I'm just gonna start my baby right now
so I am in the process of redoing my
room here so I have to stay at this
mirror to do my makeup because my vanity
is not filled yeah I'm gonna be building
that tomorrow or so because the
Lighting's not too good here because I'm
backlit with a window this is my vanity
mirror that I bring with me everywhere
because as such good lighting and I've
never promised good lighting this is
from vanity planet I'm gonna link this
down below this vanity mirror works so
well it really like lights my face
properly so I know what to cover up so
this is the vanity planet glam dual
sided touch magnifying mirror and I
literally brought this with me to LA
because this thing works so well and
usually Lighting's not too hot here but
when I get my vanity and build it this
week I'm gonna put it against this
window so that I get natural light
coming in when I do my makeup but for
now this definitely gives me really good
lighting it's operated on for double-a
batteries for core for use and there's a
15-minute auto shutoff timer I'm really
bad at turning off things and like and
that's really good because it's gonna
save bulbs in here it has three LED
settings and it's cool warm and natural
light so I think I'm gonna stick with
natural light well I do my makeup this
morning because I am pretty backlit back
there it has a regular mirror on this
side and then the other side is the 7
times magnification which shows you
everything good and bad I'm not even
gonna attempt to fill my face in this
magnifying mirror but yeah pretty much
shows you everything but for real the
magnified side really helps you explore
like makeup mistakes
and pores and blemishes and all that
kind of stuff
so it is good to use I'm probably gonna
end up using this to make sure I don't
mess up because my makeup is gonna be on
camera today this mirror is gonna help
me a lot because I just woke up so I
think it's gonna wake me up but it's
also gonna help me see things a little
more clearly I mean yeah I really have
to cover stuff up by the way guys I'm
using a Beauty Blender from vanity
planet as well where the mirrors from
and it's so cool has like silicone on
the one side and it's like a chicken
cutlet it reminds me of it helps me
blend in my foundation and then the
beauty blenders on the other side and
it's a really pretty pink color and the
sides so glittery and cute so like I'm
definitely gonna like this one down
below as well I really like this hey
guys we are behind the scenes of a show
that Nikki and my older sister and I are
doing I don't want to give too much away
but it's coming out around like
Valentine's Day I think or like February
it's super cute it's my aesthetic so I'm
obsessed it's kind of like a little
radio thing I don't want to like give
too much away but it's it's it's fun and
you guys are gonna really enjoy it it's
very interactive with you guys I really
need to shut up though because I have
this problem where I always give too
much away and I've had to delete vlogs
in the past because like I give too much
away with starting dating so I don't
want to delete this vlog so this is my
older sister Alex Alex have you been in
a fancy blog before no if you saw my
think blog you know I was bummed that my
older sister wasn't there this is my
older sister I teach you guys hurt her
my Thanksgiving blog but she wasn't
there tonight you're meeting her and
this well let me Alex tomorrow's my
chicken YouTube channel guys
really funny you guys like story take
not as we're gonna hurt organize yeah
yours fancy hey guys so I am back from
filming our show and right now I don't
know if you guys noticed but my rooms
look at a little empty I am redoing my
bedroom in LA and right now I got this
leg little Christmas themed going on so
this is what my lights look like I need
to turn off the lights completely to
show you but it looks so pretty and I
have some Christmas candles I have my
dear Santa candle and then my inky
candle sparkling snow and then I redid
my bedding in here again I have like
this Burberry theme with like these
snowflake sheets but I am missing some
like cute Christmas throw pillows and
I'm setting up a Christmas tree right
here with Tila tonight I'm about to meet
Tila at the Grove so I could look for
like decor stuff for my room since I'm
like going for like a completely
different theme and then this is my
mirror right now I have it right here
because it's right next to my closet and
it's like way more convenient and it's a
cuter background and then my suitcase is
there and then I have like cranberry
juice in medicine and like yeah my
heater and for those of you who didn't
see my Black Friday haul on the niki and
gabi channel this is my new Chanel bag
oh I love it so much
I feel like it totally goes with like my
my bedroom I have right now in here look
it's like it goes so this is the vanity
box this is like the box that holds my
makeup vanity that I have to build
tomorrow and then my vanity chair my
bedroom looks a little sad right now so
please don't judge I'm gonna go to the
Grove I'll see you there
I can't even remember last time I saw
you I know you do Carly
so long ago I haven't been in LA for a
while you've been back home for like
yeah yeah I'm gonna be here and back a
lot this year
I'm not going towards just traveling
we're decorating my room for Christmas
after this and that excited guys get
ready we've got that like Pottery Barn
or something come on kids I'm up for
like a secret hello you guys love like
furniture shopping
yeah I'm obsessed I literally was up
till 3:00 a.m.
moving out all the furniture in my
bedroom it's like rearranging and like
Nicky
go to bed go to bed no can we talk about
this jacket though this is not my style
Topshop is stepping it up look at these
embellished jeans do you ever need this
but I do oh my god
this is like Christmas town
really make snows here I feel like I'm
in Disneyworld hey guys so as you can
see we are no longer at the Grove we are
at Target and we left because there are
so many creepy guys like I've been
approached by creepy guys before but
Tila was getting a perch by these guys
asking for pictures say they had no idea
who we were but they were just like oh
those are really pretty looking he just
kissed such as they were bare and then
there were guys like came up behind you
yeah there were guys holding doors for
us being really nice but then all of a
sudden these they'd run up and catch up
with friends and they'd look behind us
and like have their hands in their
pocket and I think I had like something
over old shirt yeah yeah like it looks
like a gun shape but like the over
thinking but like there were just a lot
it was a lot of sketchiness going on so
we're just gonna shop for my bedroom and
target right now because as you saw
earlier my bedroom is a little empty and
I need to like fancy it up make it
Christmas Eve make it cute
I got a snowman cake pop yes this
holiday section this is what I'm looking
for oh my gosh everything's so pretty
hey guys so we're back at my apartment
and we're about to build my tree right
here I'm gonna put it in that corner I
just put some of my pillows on the bed
and then I'm gonna hang some garland
like up here cuz my headboards looking a
little too plain
I literally could not like this up
for the life of us like we were trying
so hard I'm sorry could I see the dot
and then all of a sudden we're like
talking and talking and I'm like you
know I'm just playing around with the
chords and somehow I got all these
connected to light the trip like there's
one plugged here you are reaction of
Julis vlog no you guys gotta go check
that out she captured the Rope we
started we kept thanks to the tree we're
like tree
you got it Matt is too light huh I got
like these ornaments right here and then
I also got a bunch of like a nutcracker
ones cuz you guys know I'm obsessed with
that salad so fattened up Crocker
auravie is an interesting injury
we're opening the Nutcracker ornaments
and like all this into this plug out but
it was a hedonist ring and this is just
like a little dancing a headless curse
good morning guys it's the next day I
actually started doing my makeup and
then I realized that I didn't tell you
guys about what happened in my eyebrows
last week okay
my eyebrows are starting to look so much
better but you guys don't even
understand what happened and I can't
believe I didn't share this in my fancy
blogs but before I get started
look how brushes like my tree looks in
this room I told you during like the day
my room looks so much cuter I just like
at night it just I don't know how the
lighting is just you know this is my
vanity chair by the way that teyla and i
built last night and my vanity I'm
having a handyman build today and we're
putting it against this wall it's really
cool it's like a spread mirror that I
was like three folds that open and it's
fancy looking I don't know I feel like
this room is definitely coming together
a little bit it's been a work in
progress since I'm like never here so
I'm gonna tell you guys what happened
with my eyebrows yes this is the jughead
merch this is Collin shirt he gave me to
sleep in while I'm in LA because he
knows I miss him so last week I went
into the nail salon before I hosted one
of my holiday parties for me my friends
and I was running errands all over the
place I was like going to the liquor
store I was going to get the cupcakes I
was going tanning I was just checking
things off my errands and one of my
errands was taking up my eyebrows max
because they were getting really bushy
but for those who don't know this I did
get my eyebrows micro bladed like two
years ago but they faded and I
officially have such bushy nice eyebrows
well not today because let me just tell
you the story but I usually have like
really like nice bushy eyebrows and for
those of you who watched blood queens
you could like see my nice bushy
eyebrows in there because I remember I
like grew them out like real full for
blood queens but anyways I I have
naturally long bushy eyebrows and I'm
obsessed with them I don't know what
cause my eyebrows to start growing again
but
I'll try to figure that out like I'll
let you guys know I do have a thyroid
problem so I think maybe when I fixed
and healed my thyroid that's when they
started growing back I don't know it
could be it but anyways let me get to
this freaking story this is the same
nail salon where the women called me
ugly and if you guys didn't see it's
story time from last December I'll link
it down below I don't have the time in
this vlog to explain what happened but
pretty much this is a nail salon where I
always felt insecure going to and every
time I get my nails done I feel like
they were talking about me and one time
I discovered that they called me ugly
more than once
so I never went back to this nail salon
especially without makeup on I got
really insecure about not wearing makeup
because when this nail salon called me
ugly like years back I wasn't wearing
any makeup so I feel like this
contributed to me being like insecure
and stuff like that anyways I completely
like did not care that they called me
ugly five years ago at this point I was
running errands all around this shopping
center and like you know I'm gonna go
get my eyebrows done in the shopping
center there's probably new staff
I don't care they probably don't
recognize me I've blonde hair I'd like a
different face whatever so I'm going to
the snail song and right when I go in
the woman goes long time no see and
gives me a hug and I'm like okay well
this isn't the girl that I remember so I
mean this is one of the girls that I
remember but not the one that called me
ugly so I'm like okay I'm still gonna go
so I go and and I start getting like all
these weird looks from like the staff
and I'm starting all around I'm like
wait this is like the same staff but
this isn't the girl that called me ugly
I think the girl that called me ugly
probably went goes to a different nail
salon now works at different place so I
get my nails done they did a great job
like so good I'm obsessed with them but
then it was time for my wax and I go to
the back room and the boss is doing her
eyebrows now I remember the boss like so
well she was always very involved as my
mom Nikki me cuz we always used to go in
and get her nails done together and then
all of a sudden we just stopped so she
was like asking where I been all this
stuff and as you guys know I stopped
going there because one of the staff
members called me ugly but I didn't want
to say that and I noticed as she was
waxing my eyebrows she was giving me mad
attitude about like why don't you go
here anymore and I'm like uh I just felt
really awkward but like when I
my eyebrows waxed I don't really pay
attention to like where I feel for where
the wax is going so I'm just like
whatever you know but this time when she
started doing my other eyebrow I didn't
notice it on this eyebrow but when she
started doing this eyebrow I started
feeling the wax going look way too far
here and for those of you who know my
face knowing where eyebrows like start
here like look how much she like took
off so she does my eyebrows and then
she's she's telling me would you just
sit still and I was like my my phone was
in my hand I was glancing at it here and
there but I wasn't on it and just like
well you just sit still because then I'm
gonna mess them up and I'm like okay I'm
gonna sit still that freaked me out when
she said that cuz I'm like she's
probably messed up already and then she
finishes I goes here you go
and gives me the mirror I like just like
here you go so I take the mirror and I'm
like thank you oh my god they look so
good I'm gonna insert a picture here
what they look like this is me after I
tried to fix them okay this is what they
look like and look at Rachel laughing at
me in the background ah yes they some of
you guys might think it's not that bad
but those of you who know what my
eyebrows usually look like know that
this is pretty bad so my eyebrows
usually go from here and end like here
she is she kept this part but only like
this part that goes down here look like
a McDonald's arch okay she took up all
like this chunk right here and she made
them so skinny and usually when I go
like this I'll have like pretty bushy
like eyebrows to like play with but
right now guys it's just little little
like stubble pieces of hair like it's so
short I feel like if I lift them up I'm
like it's gonna be bald like I don't
know what she did I think maybe she like
brushed my eyebrows up and then used
scissors to cut it but yeah when I brush
my eyebrows up there's no hair it looks
like I just drew my eyebrow on and when
I use anasazi a dip brow cuz everyone's
like oh there's nothing Dipper out can't
fix I'm one of those people that
absolutely hate when I do my eyebrows
and they look drawn on they don't look
like real hair so like now every time I
do my eyebrows they look drawn on
because there isn't like there's like no
hair like this right here looks like it
was made with a pencil because she cut
down my hair so much that there's no
hair strokes nothing my eyebrows have
drawn on when I fill them in
and when I don't wear makeup I feel like
my eyebrows look like little snakes at
least they don't look like McDonald
arches I fixed that she she basically
waxed off here to here and she kept just
a very little hair right here so it was
like with a ladybug it was guys it was
so bad I only took that one picture cuz
I was so upset but um yeah I
automatically went home and I got a
razor
I tried shaving off that McDonald art
which I did and so now it looks like a
normal a normal eyebrow and then I like
was tweezing like the end because she
left it very sneaky and it started
curving like a semicircle like my
eyebrows look like semicircle that's
like the perfect example but anyways I
don't want this to get too long but
pretty much to summarize this moral of
the story please do not go get any
cosmetic modifications at a place where
you know that they could be better
towards you they probably saw my story
time that's what I was thinking of I
know that this woman did this on purpose
because she's done my eyebrows before in
the past when I went and got my nails in
there and my eyebrows were bleep like
they were so nice and I know she's the
work that she did on me it was
definitely not her past all right I'm
gonna go continue with my day it's just
like awesome news but I'm actually going
to an acting class at an hour so I'm
gonna do my makeup before I go to the
acting class because I'm meeting up with
Sheila for the Instagram ice skating
event after cuz that's all the way
across LA like on the other side of LA
so I'm just gonna find a place to go
grab lunch in between my acting class
and the ice skating event yeah I'm
taking acting classes because I'm
actually really interested in acting and
I know that I could better myself with
that I mean when it comes to acting I
want to take it seriously and just
because I love it doesn't mean I don't
need to work on it I don't want to just
like slap my name on a project ever and
not have like experience I mean the guy
acting class is like when I was little
but right now I'm taking coaching
lessons because from January to April
I'm gonna be mostly out in LA
auditioning for shows I just wanna make
sure like my acting like is strengthened
and like you know alright guys so I'm
gonna finish my makeup and yeah I guess
I'll catch up with you on the way to
acting or at my acting classes or after
I don't know
my post mates just got here with my
oatmeal I'm gonna have this and then I'm
gonna head out okay so I just realized
that I can't fit this camera in my purse
so when I head out I'm gonna blog on my
phone and the ice skating I'm gonna vlog
on my phone as well this is my makeup I
just finished it and this is what my
brows should have looked like it took I
believe like 20 minutes an hour eyebrow
to get them to even look close to what
they look like before she waxed them off
I think you finally got the hang of it
thanks to my girl I'm so proud of you
Tina I love hey guys so I'm back I took
a nap and took off my face makeup and
now I'm wearing a face mask on the
bottom half of my face because I don't
really break out on my forehead and I
just want to make sure like my face dish
fresh because I've been wearing so much
makeup lately as you guys can tell my
vanity is built it's so cute I'm
obsessed with it I know it's in a little
funky location but this is because if I
want to film makeup tutorials for you
guys in my LA apartment it's right in
front of the window I could just open
the window and get really awesome
natural light I just think it's like
like I don't know it's a cute location
when you lay on my bed and like this is
the view it's just so pretty you see
like a pretty vanity in a chair and my
bed and you see the Chanel lamp and the
tree and the mirror I love this room so
far this is coming together like so
nicely
wouldn't you say Colin yes it looks so
cute
we were just chowing down with pizza
together these time dates FaceTime dates
a tap that's what you gotta do when you
like far apart and in the oh we need to
baby alright guys so that's it for
today's fancy vlog I hope you enjoyed it
I think this video is gonna be super
long so that's a plus
this Lighting's real crap so I'm gonna
go now before you guys start complaining
that I need to change my lighting
alright I love you guys and I'll see you
next time bye
