hey guys let me first start and say what
day it is so it is the night before
Thanksgiving and I just went food
shopping that's all the groceries over
there and I currently have the Hallmark
Christmas Channel
it's commercial so sorry if it's like
really loud and obnoxious but anyways a
Riverdale is on in like 30 minutes and I
thought while I wait for Riverdale to
come on I'm going to start my casseroles
for Thanksgiving and I know every year
I'm always snapchatting all the
casseroles I'm making but this year I
thought it would be lovely to show you
what I'm making for Thanksgiving and
kind of give you like a general idea
unlike what kind of casseroles I make
yeah so let's get started so the first
thing I'm making is this broccoli
casserole and the second casserole I'm
making is this creamy green bean
casserole sorry if the focus is weird
I don't like mushroom soup or mushrooms
by any means so I always Google the
creamiest green bean casserole with no
cream of soup meaning like with no
mushroom soup so this is the recipe
without mushroom so right now we are
going to start with the broccoli
casserole and we're just filling up this
pot with water all the way to the middle
so right now I have the broccoli soaking
in the water and I'm waiting for it to
boil while I'm waiting for it to boil
I'm gonna start the sauce for my green
bean casserole the creamy sauce that's
not mushroom soup so it says to add
three tablespoons of butter and while
it's melting to add some flour to make
it a creamy consistency so we're gonna
try this I'm gonna use this cute little
snowflake spatula to mix this together
right now I'm going to add some chicken
broth and it doesn't see not in the
recipe I use but my mom taught me this
trick for the cocoon sauce
so this is what the creamy sauce looks
like I still have to add some more
chicken broth but I feel like it looks
like I'm making barf
for Thanksgiving right now and now I'm
adding some minced onions to the screen
that looks so good it smells so good wow
this reminds me of like onion mashed
potatoes I make this casserole every
year so if anyone's gonna comment down
below that it doesn't look great or what
not this is how I make it though yes so
this is what it looks like now and I
know there's precise measurements for
this recipe but I'm cooking for like
nine maybe six to nine people and this
recipe only cooks for four so I'm just
making an abundance of it so that
everyone can have some it says once this
is cooling off to add some sour cream to
make it a little creamier and that's
exactly what I'm gonna do
while I wait for the cream to cool off
and while I'm still waiting for the
broccoli to boil I just noticed that
Riverdale is gonna be on see what's
snoozing I had an alarm Riverdale is
gonna be on in five minutes so we better
get watching that Collin so bad so we
just changed the channel to watch
Riverdale we realized that Riverdale is
having a holiday break this week and the
next episode is playing next week and
not to mention our Thanksgiving huh
we're really disappointed cuz we're huge
bug head fans
I wanna see the killer is I know the
black so I did start opening the green
beans for the green bean casserole and
these cans weirdly have handles but
these two cans don't and I don't have a
can opener so we're gonna have to figure
out how to open these when you don't own
a screwdriver I don't know it's moved um
the fact that I called that a makeshift
screwdriver bag opening the point in
fact that you're using a knife so I'm
using this cute little vintage casserole
dish that I found in an antique store
with how cute I'm gonna start by putting
a layer of this creamy mixture down I'm
gonna spread it it looks like this it
doesn't matter if it's like perfect just
spread it out everywhere now I just
added some green beans and then I'm
gonna add another layer of this so now
I'm just gonna mix that creamy stuff in
with the green beans that I've put in to
the casserole over top
okay so my green bean casserole looks
like this and now I'm going to add a
layer of those crunchy onion crisps that
you put on top of salad so now I'm gonna
pop this baby into the oven for about 15
to 20 minutes for 350 degrees I love
this I put the green bean casserole in
the oven the broccoli just started
boiling so I'm gonna turn this off and
then I'm gonna dump this into that
little strainer that the green beans
were just in now that I'm done straining
the broccoli I'm going to put this in a
bowl and I'm gonna mix the cheese in
there with it so I just had Collin come
open these for me and now I'm just gonna
put the cheese all over the broccoli
that looks amazing because these are two
smaller casserole dishes I split the
casserole up into two dishes and now I'm
gonna work on the toppings the toppings
I have crushed up some Ritz crackers and
I'm going to place them onto the stove
the same skillet that I used to make the
cream for the green bean casserole and
I'm melting some butter and I'm just
gonna sautee the crushed crackers and
make them crunchy er and saltier for the
toppings so I just added the sauteed
buttered Ritz crackers to the top and
now I'm gonna add a layer of cheese so
it should look like this before you put
it in the oven oh my god they look so
beautiful and the green bean casserole
was done as soon as I finish these so
now I'm gonna pop those in the oven with
the same heat from the green bean
casserole hey guys good morning it is
turkey day I just got done doing my
makeup I need to clean up this mess on
my vanity but yeah I'm about to then the
first half of Thanksgiving with Collins
family and then the second half of my
family because my family doesn't eat
dinner too like way way later so right
now I'm going to have some early dinner
with Collins parents and around like
4:30 5:00 I'm going to change and bring
my casseroles to my parents and we're
gonna have some Thanksgiving
celebrations there with like Nicki made
my parents my older sister man or
brother you're gonna get to meet all the
hey fancy babies
so I'm at my parents and I'm in my dress
for Thanksgiving so I just found out
that my older sister isn't gonna be here
and I didn't know that so I'm a little
bummed but at least Nikki and Nate are
here and my younger brother which you
will most likely be meeting in this vlog
he's he's something else those of you
who have stuck around fancy logs for a
little bit have seen em in previous
vlogs but guys look how cute I've been
decorating for pink wonderland I feel
like it's going pretty well
and this is my vanity right now I'm so
excited to do a room tour for pink
Wonderland this year I do have a lot of
cleaning up to do but you should be
expecting the pink Wonderland room tour
in December like early December I am
going to LA next week the fancy blobs
are gonna be in my la bedroom next week
and I'm decorating that for Christmas so
I feel like there's gonna be a lot of
like Christmasy bedroom tours on this
channel since I basically have like
three bedrooms this is what my dress
looks like and I am wearing shorts and
dreams because it keeps opening up and I
don't want to flash my family but yeah I
got this from Reformation it kind of
looks like a night robe in real life but
on the model it looked like a casual
pretty dress so I'm a little mad that it
looks like I'm wearing a nightgown to
dinner but at the same time it is just
my family that's gonna be at the dinner
table
Lilith's to be a part of Thanksgiving so
everyone's about to have my casseroles
let's see how I did
Oh someone just scooped one already how
is it
how are the casseroles 10 out of 10
which one was your favorite
oh so my green bean casserole the creamy
texture of the cream sauce and the
broccoli casserole not too really uh I
credit myself I think I Dupree them hey
guys so it is the next day and I'm
currently Black Friday shopping and it
is on the madhouse it is chaos and as
much as I want to whip out my camera and
start like vlogging what it looks like
I'm scared people are gonna like notice
that I'm filming them right and get mad
so I'm gonna try to film what I can film
but so far I went to Bath & Body Works
and Victoria's Secret and now I'm in
this cute little glam store and Nikki
and I are gonna put up a hall with what
we got at Black Friday on the niki and
gabi channel so if you want to see what
I got make sure to go there you know
Nikki and I are about to film our annual
Black Friday haul in this cute little
set up in her room how adorable is it I
would show you guys what I got but you
know you got to watch the Niki Jabba
channel and I'll link that down below
hey guys
so guess where me and Collin are headed
to right now the dollar store and do you
want to know why because we are just the
weirdest couple ever and we're like you
know what let's go to the dollar store
and buy each other turn random things
and like see what they are and like they
could be joking they can be serious but
because it is Black Friday we were like
I wonder what is going on in the dollar
store on Black Friday like are things 50
Cent's like like what kind of deals
would there be but honestly there's
probably no deals or the dollar store
but we just want to go in there and see
what kind of presents we could get each
other baby I'm getting you ten presents
today you're spoiled oh I can't wait the
dollar store okay it's gonna be fun I'll
see ya hmm-hmm I'm actually finding
stuff that Collin what actually is I
wonder what he's getting me okay so
we're back and I have no idea what he
got me I feel like this is like a fun
challenge to do for like a regular
YouTube videos but this is just a vlog
we're just in a really weird
relationship like this is what we do for
fun please no hate in the comments about
how it's insensitive to shop at a dollar
store for a challenge I know I've seen
those kind of comments before but we
actually shop at the dollar store for
some things sometimes we're not making
fun of it by any means it's just like
Black Friday we wanted to just see if
there was any sales to begin with since
I grew is that what's so funny
were there any sales yeah so that's okay
we have a good first group I can see is
these huge Ivor set
I'm not useful I feel like there were so
many more things that like you could get
me that I can get you yeah I like you
really got you stuck yeah
ooh wait this is useful because I always
run out of hair brushes yeah that's what
his ears is all tangled hair so I got
you a new solution thanks babe you're
welcome Honda's mine on what the USB
charger oh I so exciting it's not even
for the iPhone oh it's not enjoy be good
for my Sony Android oh my god
okay I bear children it's squishy
actually really cookie yeah when I was
little I always lived with baby dolls
I couldn't possibly without a baby don't
know so so that sucks
ooh ooh sucks I actually don't mind
getting some you're like yes super soft
I love that you always Ryder sound
outside all right
Lily can't even eat bed why a pig ear
shall choke on it she's like okay you
can get the lily it's okay
Oh a screen cleaning set you can clean
your boat screen thank you I can use
this because my phone is always filthy
with fingerprint system there you go
wait I love LA Colors yeah I'm just
gonna get it because it's it looks like
LA Colors has one of the best eyeshadow
palettes and I think this is this this
is the one I think you and I was like
every
yes that's right it's such like a
mindfuck to be integrator like why do
they sell nothing against the dollar
store but this I feel like is worth a
lot because this palette so many people
use it works so well oh my god I'm
actually gonna put this in my travel bag
really thanks baby yeah I leave for
Oasis a shower cap I got you a shower
cap as well
wow we were both thinking of the shower
oh that's pink oh I just use these all
the time throwback old Gaby videos I
used to use this thing remember you look
cute
dang it why don't you look it Rihanna
with that thing on what your profile
lookin Rihanna put it up like that
put it up up over your head you do the
side I think you okay Briana what the
heck
tweezers right
I got you Reese's ministers thanks me is
my favorite candy guys I don't even
remember when I went on tour
Lord I'm socks oh thank you oh these are
cute I know oh my god they're adorable I
think they're gonna make little girls
thing I don't know they might get your
hands regardless yeah little bit my
little girl are you like a pink fur so
yeah so cute thank you oh my gosh
my car mm-hmm oh my god thank you
I'm actually gonna need this because
it's no so much EPA have a Merry
Christmas ho ho ho merry and bright it's
cute it's so Christmas being festive I
try to get you things that you can click
to use same oh thank you and I'm go
ahead we had these at the dollar store
seriously thank you baby
like a frame or they got the picture
no just a picture well I call it at
first we were taking this out if you
look at like look like this I thought it
was like a fish smiling you see here's
the nostrils and the mouth of the eye
that's a scary ass yeah I thought it was
a fish smiling what's this oh yeah this
game it's one of those little wooden
tini games thank you
hey it's like that fresh pasta mmm the
best one can deliver sounds really good
it's very Christmassy I really like this
mmm thank you Colgate
I love the dollar store me too I should
do get you a book you can listen to it
good joke
well did you get this for me because it
says I love you anymore that's why I got
it open the book I also got this out of
the quarter machine where you put a
quarter in to get a random thing this is
for me I don't know what it is yes here
cups alright guys so I'm gonna wrap this
vlog up it was a little interesting I'll
see you guys in my next fancy blog and I
hope you enjoyed this one and my special
special boyfriend
bye
