like what is going on hey now
beautiful
hey guys long time no see I am currently
in LA 1 I am feeling a lot better I
think I overcame the flu I don't think I
have it anymore I was on a six-hour
flight today and I feel fine but because
I haven't been to my LA apartment since
before Christmas you know what my issue
is right now Christmas bedding Christmas
tree this room is pretty empty in
standard there's like not much to it
because I'm like never in LA but Colin
and I agreed that we were gonna go to
Target and remake this room redecorate
it and we're gonna make it more girly
yeah you guys also may be wondering why
my hair looks like this for those of you
who haven't seen my blog this is my
natural hair
the reason it's like this is because we
film blood queens in two weeks so I'm
getting my Gaby Oberlin extensions put
in tomorrow by Norma and if you guys
haven't seen blood cleans pretty much my
extension season 1 were put in by her so
I'm getting those exact same long pretty
single carrots and extensions because
they look more natural and it just fit
my character more so I'm getting those
in tomorrow so don't mind this little
thing today I have come to like my short
hair so I don't mind it that's why I
don't mind blogging with my short hair
oh but yeah that's enough babbling and
we're gonna go to Target and look for
some new room decor yeah ill we're gonna
call it a night this this is my lavender
lemonade that tastes like crab it's like
a candle ya know it's like so
target without our Starbucks oh my god
the rubic words over here and this woman
I see free pose
oh my gosh me and Colin just looked at
each other like bum pink and white
stripes are so me the way we looked at
each other you know me so well what size
are they we're taking it home
yes we are it's our new baby so we've
been looking out here I mean oh wait
Collin look agree whatever happens here
knows in the boyfriend/girlfriend tag on
your channel haven't here nurses oh my
gosh this is so stunning it goes with
like everything I'm getting
this is really lumpy and this is my la
bathroom those you who haven't seen it
it's my favorite it's marble and a big
old tub and I have this Yankee Candle
called bakery air and then I have some
bath bombs on this tiny little like
nightstand it's like a children's things
anybody I thought I'd think you'd hear
then I have this lamp usually it's
plugged in over there but I just sat it
over here because I thought this looked
cute next to the bath bombs and then I
have some more lush stuff down here then
I have a lush box and then the vanity
and a stool because sometimes I sit here
and do my makeup and not at my vanity
but I'm gonna take off my makeup and
I'll see you guys in back just thought
I'd show you guys my current skincare
routine I use this soap & Glory
cleansing milk to take off the remainder
of my makeup you know I don't believe in
makeup remover wipes I feel like you
need an additional assistance take off
your makeup and then to follow it I have
my Burt's Bees gentle foaming cleanser
and this is awesome for combo skin and
that's honestly all I've been doing
along with some facial masks here and
there to keep my skin clear and it's
been totally working all right guys so I
just washed my face and I'm in my
pajamas and we're about to go to bed I'm
not gonna show you what my room looks
like till it's sunny tomorrow morning
because it does this room so much more
justice and I'm not done furnishing this
room just so you guys know but it looks
so good right now
and I'm gonna wait till the morning and
I'll see you guys
when the sun's out good morning guys I
just got done doing my makeup sorry my
lips are a little swollen
I guess the pressure and the cabin on
the flight yesterday made them swell a
little so don't mind that but anyways
I'm gonna show you my room in the
daylight so this is what the bedding
looks like super simple and chavvy sheet
with a little wreath over there and then
my Marie Antoinette on the wall I have
my rose gold / blush dressers with my
Ted Baker shoes and Betsey Johnson shoes
on them this is my luggage ignore that
and look I got my spring frosting
because I love munching on that then you
come over here and this is my vanity it
looks like this and I have this cute
little shabby sheet pillow with real
flowers and my wedding day candle my
favorite favorite favorite Victoria's
Secret perfume guys this smells just
like vanilla cupcakes I love it so much
it's called vanilla lace so it looks
like the things
oh and I have vanilla bean Noel and some
makeup brushes in this cute little mug
that says hey sugar on it that I got at
Target over here I have old flowers
Colin got me I have Valentino's that I
brought with me some of the jewelry I
brought with me I have my Marie
Antoinette antique statue slash figurine
that's from the 1700s there are some of
the purses I brought with me my Fendi a
Chanel and my Viktor and Rolf bag and I
have an agent provocateur box and this
celebrate candle looks like that
and I still have my Christmas tree up
because I love Christmas so much and
it's still like pretty and goes with my
room because it's like the Nutcracker
themed but I probably am going to take
this down and end up putting like shoe
racks right here because I have so many
shoes that I just want to put over there
if you see what I mean all right guys so
I'm fitting out so I got a blowout
because I am getting hair extensions put
in later but if I'm getting hair
extensions put in my hair has to be
super nice and straight before lorem I
can do my hair so yeah I'm going to dry
bar right now
so I think she made me fall in love with
my short hair even more which is pretty
sad because I have to get extensions for
My Blood Queens roll put in later so
yeah that's that's sad because I really
am loving the short hair
I'm gonna sit so I had time to kill so
I'm shopping on Rodeo Drive since my
business meeting is right by Rodeo Drive
and I kind of want to go and see or but
I'm gonna fight the urge
how pretty it is oh my god this is my
dream bag so I ended up getting this
choker that says - you're on it instead
of a bag because I feel like I just got
those bags in my haul but like I only
have a YSL choker so I feel like a Dior
choker would be super cute hey guys so
I'm currently at Norma's apartment and
she's doing my attentions look how good
they look so far hey we're almost done
obsessed so I'm getting rid of these
side bangs she doesn't really like
clothes and they look really good like
she just got rid of the side bangs on
this side so she's gonna have the little
individuals like right up along here so
wow I'm doing this story time
Norma's gonna continue my extensions
yeah I wasn't gonna do this story time
but I told more about the story and you
have like what so I'm gonna tell you
guys the story so long story short I
have like really bad back problems I
don't know why I always have always will
and oh my on the flight here the flight
is like six hours and that's like asking
a lot for my back I always have to like
get up and move every morning I wake up
I don't know if it's how I sleep but I
always wake up with a sore back so I
used to get massages all the time
because I truly believed in the best of
people
I never thought what happened to me
would happen but I'm gonna go ahead and
tell you guys so the last time I got a
massage massage was when I went to
Disneyland I vlogged it on this channel
i disney bounded and I went to
Disneyland dressed like dressed like
Wendy and a hat I was wearing ballet
flats throughout the park so my sleep
swelled up so bad so my status we got
back to Santa Monica in LA
after Disneyland I looked up massage
places near me that would be open
because I got back around like eight and
it said that this massage placed by my
apartment literally like two streets
down was open and yeah I called them and
they said they would take me so I was
like great and outside of the massage
place they were advertising book massage
and I was like yes I need a foot massage
so I go in there I'm like hi I'm here I
called to make an appointment for a foot
massage they're like come on one hour
and I'm like and one hour foot massage
I'm like how much and it sounds like a
good price so I'm like okay yeah I'll do
that this is like the first red flag
that should have stood out to me but
they took my payment first and I don't
know if that's how massage places work
or not but they took my payment first
and most massage my psycho didn't you
pay after and then you add the tip on to
like your cost based off of how it was
they charged me first but they didn't
charge me for it tips I was like that's
a little weird
so I go in and usually per foot massages
you see like like there's chairs
available and they took me past the
chairs and brought me into a massage
room and told me to take off my clothes
and that someone would be in red white
so I was like you know what it's LA I'm
like maybe this is just like an extra
foot massage like everything's extra
here so I get naked I'm gonna come out
underwear on and I'm like laying under
the towels with my face in the hole and
this woman comes in and she asks if I
want soft or hard and I said I forgot
when I said I think I said medium and
she's like okay okay and she goes right
to my but she rolls down the towel and I
bought is like exposed and she just
starts massaging my butt and I'm like
what is going on like this has never
happened so that was the first red flag
and then she just focused on my butt the
entire time like I had my phone I always
put my phone and like the little whole
like you know you put in how you put
your face in the hole I always turn off
my notifications or no I turn off the
sound for my notifications and I put my
phone in the little hole and people were
texting me so I kept seeing what time it
was
she was going on my butt for like 30
minutes and I'm like this is so what is
she gonna do for the remaining 30
minutes I was freaked out
so I raised my hand I'm like excuse me I
want my feet massaged they're swollen I
would like a foot massage that's what I
came here for and I didn't want to sound
like a brat because obviously she's
dedicating time and effort into working
on my body so I just didn't want to
sound like a brat but she sounded kind
of pissed and then she went to massage
my feet but then she was like putting
her my feet up against like her chest it
was like really weird and then she went
right back to my butt and I'm like hell
no and I ended up making up an excuse I
was like oh I have to go I have work I
didn't realize how long this is gonna be
so I get my clothes on after she leaves
and I go to the front to wait for my
uber and she taps me on the shoulder as
I'm looking out the window waiting for
my new bridge goes can I have my tip and
I'm like okay yeah sorry I left like
five dollars cash in their room because
obviously she spent time on my body but
I at this point I kind of knew what tip
she was asking for so when I gave her
like five or what did I give her ten
more dollars she was like no no no my
service I did for you I need more so
she's basically saying because she
massaged my butt for that long I guess
that was counted as some kind of happy
ending or something and I was just like
oh my god so I gave her the money she
wanted and I just left and I was
mortified and I have not been back to a
massage place ever since I mean I get
facials here and there but I'm so so
freaking scared to go back guys and my
back is killing me and usually when I do
these long haul flights in LA I will go
to a massage place and get a back
massage because like I need one so this
time I'm not going because of my anxiety
and I'm scared that's gonna happen
to me again so yeah I just don't I can't
believe I just told you guys the story
like it's not one thing like it's one
for the books but not one that I'm proud
of I know you guys are probably going to
be like it's your fault you put yourself
in the situation but I didn't know and I
don't know how to report those kind of
things I don't know if it's report
worthy but to imagine what goes on in
there freaks me out like while I was in
there I forgot to mention while I was in
there I heard a man like come out of her
room it's like here here's the extra
cash this is 70 good or do you want more
and like he was ripped he sounded real
sketchy so look wow my head was in the
massage hole I knew exactly like what
kind of place this was and apparently
that stuff is huge in LA like sex
trafficking is huge and I didn't realize
that so yeah that's my scary massage
experience and that's exactly why I'm
terrified to go get a back massage now
you know Collins here he keeps telling
me go ahead like find a really good
place like your friends have gone to
don't go to a place your friends haven't
gone to and Norma was just telling me
about her dining was it ow d yeah yeah
so I'm gonna yeah you got a good head
right yeah yeah that's my story
all right guys so I'm back home at my
apartment my back still hurts pretty bad
Colin said he'll try to take care of it
for me but if not if not I am gonna go
get a massage tomorrow pray for me
but yeah that's it for this vlog Colin
turns 21 this weekend so expect that
vlog and I'm pretty sure I'm gonna be
filming a get ready with me video two at
some point so yeah stay tuned for more
fancy blogs and I love you so much and
I'll see you in my next vlog bye
