good morning fancy babies so the first
thing that I do when I wake up is I look
out the window and I appreciate the
beautiful view I keep a vanilla mist
right next to my bed and I wake up and I
spray some on my wrist and place it
behind my ears and this usually helps me
wake up and if that doesn't do the trick
I then play some instrumentals from my
favorite ballet The Nutcracker and this
usually helps me start my morning very
gracefully doing this lifts my spirits
and puts me in a really good mood to
start my day
in the morning I love using my Rose
based products because it's very gentle
on my skin not only is the fragrance
lovely but it has anti-inflammatory
properties I'm washing my face with my
Duval spin brush which is called the
radiant spin care system and I use this
a lot and a lot of my vlogs for those of
you who watch my vlogs you guys know
I've been obsessed with this specific
face brush since like 2014 I've been
using this brush since I cleared my skin
several years ago and for those of you
who have seen my past skincare videos no
I highly place blame on this spin brush
for helping me clear my I feel like this
would make a darling Christmas present
so you guys know that I don't like
sharing my products that have helped me
throughout the years without providing a
coupon code so I made sure to get you a
good one for the holidays so here's my
coupon code right here it's GD black and
that means it'll be $24 instead of $95
so you're welcome and then I finish off
my face with some rose water toner and
this really wakes me up after I removed
the cleansing brush head I put the body
brush head on my Duval spin brush and
then I take it with me into the shower
and use my absolute favorite holiday
scent from Bath & Body Works and that is
winter berry Wonder and then I go ahead
and use my spin brush on my body to help
prevent some breakouts and then I'll
light my snowflake cookie candle which
makes my room smell like frosting it
smells so good and I'll make my bed
I like to start out my makeup with my
meteorite's pro based primer I then
apply my bare minerals bare Pro
Foundation
for my concealer I like to use my Tarte
Amazonian clay
for my contour I like to use this powder
kit I found it on Amazon a little bit
ago and I've been obsessed with it and
then I like to set my makeup with my
Chanel loose powder I then use my Tarte
cream eyeshadow and the color rose gold
and I just use an eyeshadow brush and
place that on my lids
for my highlight I'm using my color pop
highlighter and the color wisp dies this
highlight is amazing
for my lips I'm using my Rimmel lip
perfection liner in the color 205 and
last but not least I'm gonna go in with
my lash blast waterproof covergirl
mascara just to put on my lash
extensions and we're done
I like to keep my hair in a braid while
I sleep to avoid knots and to keep the
texture smooth and I like playing around
with day-after waves and these curls
from yesterday were actually created
with my impulse far and frayed
straightener which is also from Duval
and I'm gonna be linking that down below
in case you want this too and I will
only ever use the straightener you guys
know I've been using this one forever
it's always in my tutorials and because
the strip has coated plates which help
my hair not get damaged it keeps it
super smooth and silky and my hair never
feels dry after using this and that says
a lot because my hair is so damaged
because my natural hair is black and my
hair never feels damaged after using
this because it locks moisture with the
way that it's made with the coated
plates and I'm also using the same
coupon code the GD black for 75% off
it'll also be a really nice Christmas
present too and that's why you shouldn't
wait till last minute because last time
I gave this really cool coupon code it
sold out quickly and as you can see this
is how I created these waves I did it a
few times to show you guys how I do them
I basically just clasp my hair onto it
and wrap it around and voila
I love starting out my winter days
pretending I'm in a Hallmark Christmas
movie so I walk the streets of a local
really pretty Christmas town and as you
guys know I live in the city Bethlehem
so it's a yearly Christmas town so I'm
pretty lucky I pretty much live in a
hallmark movie during winter time my
favorite way to start my days is to walk
over to this local Tea Room and indulge
in my absolute favorite tea called
winter palace marzipan and then I take
out my laptop and start doing some
emails and lastly I start editing videos
for you guys and well in this video clip
I was editing this exact video bye guys
hope you enjoy til next time
