hey guys so today I'm bringing you a
completely different kind of video I've
never done one of these before I've seen
other youtubers do this well pretty much
I just unpacked all of the items I
purchased for my new holiday wardrobe
they're all on this rock right here and
I'm gonna go through each thing I bought
I'm going to show you what I bought to
split the screen and show you guys what
the outfits look like on while I'm
describing the item all of the outfits
of this hall are from fashion OVA as
well as this adorable little romper that
I'm wearing right now so if you're
interested in any of the items that I'm
showing or if you're interested in this
property thing like that there will be
links down below and yeah let's just get
right into this
so the first outfit I want to show is
this adorable sweater dress and what I
loved about it is that there are so many
ruffles you guys know I'm a ruffle girl
and the colors together look very
European I feel like they really fit my
Parisian wardrobe sorry for all the
background noise I live like on top of a
football field actually two football
fields so there's just a lot going on
right now practices and stuff sweater
just looks so comfy and it looks so
perfect for my winter style but you guys
know my winter style is definitely very
chic very Manhattan you know what I mean
it's just so hard to explain
I love sweater dresses that are tight
and hugged my curves but one thing I
love about this outfit is that it
captures like the modern look of a tight
dress but the ruffles and the placement
of the ruffles really do remind me of
like another century so yeah I'm in love
of it now this next outfit I'm going to
show as a pair because when I was on my
shopping I purchased these items as if I
was going to wear them together so this
is an outfit I put together on the
website it's this tan striped v-neck
shirt and I live for v-neck shirts when
you wear like a cute little pendant on
your neck so this is a lined v-neck tan
shirt
just plain and simply koware brawl that
underneath and my favorite of this
outfit are these stripes joggers that
are cinched at the waist and you can tie
them into a bow and they're very loose
fitted and with this tan shirt I feel
like this blush and black striped pant
kind of pulled together the very chic
girly look the next outfit I'm excited
to show you is this sweater dress you
guys know I love my sweater dresses when
it comes to wintertime and what I love
the most about this sweater dress is
that they have bell sleeves or trumpet
sleeves I forget what these are called I
knitted bow it's tied on either wrist
and I love black and white together
especially when there's bows involved so
I felt this was very fitting with my
winter style it really captures it
especially the deep v-neck like I said I
love be next because of like cute little
pendants on your neck or something like
that and this looks really cute with
like my quilted black boots that I also
got from fashion OVA the next outfit I
purchased at fashion OVA is this cute
little girly set I'm gonna show you the
top first I'm in love with thin line
shirts because I like to bundle up in
the winter so I don't want to be
sweating when I'm out and having fun I
bought this cute maava SHhhh pink shirts
that rest on your shoulders I love this
look especially with buttons going down
I feel like it's very romantic and I did
purchase these mom jeans with it because
I just pictured this beautiful outfit
together especially on like a cute
little winter day or something and these
are mom jeans or boyfriend jeans these
are embellished with pearls and gems
little rhinestones these jeans are
awesome and I can't wait to wear this
outfit together this next item is super
cozy and I swear I had nothing in mind
other than ice skating when I purchased
it you guys know I used to figure skate
growing up and fur coats are definitely
needed on the East Coast when it comes
like snow but with me I always figure
skate so on top of the snow and the
weather that we get I go ice skating a
lot so I felt like it would be super fun
to like wear a cute little fur coat with
like ear muffs and go ice skating
speaking of warm I also got this cute
little winter hat oops
it's a grayish mauve color like in the
center and the stripe and the pom-pom
are blush I'll wear this with any of my
coats any of my winter coats this would
look cute lips so I had to buy this the
next outfit that I purchased is this
adorable adorable dress suit set I don't
own any women's suits so this is a first
for me I do go to a lot of meetings
especially in New York City in LA and I
feel like with the cold weather in New
York City when I go to my meeting this
winter this will look super
business-savvy and I don't know I feel
like Elle Woods in this it's super
adorable I love is it called houndstooth
I love houndstooth print if you can't
see this clearly it's a blush color and
black this next outfit is so dreamy I
can't help but think of a little
snowflake or the Nutcracker it's just
very girly shabby chic it really
captures my shaggy sheep snow princess
side really can't imagine doing like a
ballet number in this dress but
obviously something that you'd wear
ballet slippers with I would wear out so
I feel like this would be awesome to
wear on a romantic winter seat as well
as going to see a ballet or just going
out with your girls
getting tea or something so lovely
that's like the perfect word to describe
this dress it's just lovely I'm gonna
show these together because I 100%
thought of these together when I bought
them I know I own a ton of different
kinds of pink fur coats but I love how
this one was lined and a very satiny
material because when I saw this I was
like oh my god this is satiny as well
and I love cream and pink together and I
love love love fur coats with collars so
if I pop this little baby underneath I
feel like that would look so adorable
and it's sexy but it's also winter ready
so this was just super cute like it's a
cute going out outfit so for this next
outfit I bought these two together as
well I don't own many pants that aren't
jeans and this was actually the first I
added to my carts that were pants in
this order and I rarely ever wear jeans
but I'm really into pants this season
this is the shirt that I bought with the
pants
I love ruffles like you guys know this
by now but I love how this is a
sweatshirt material so it's super warm
and it's
cream-coloured and then I also got these
cute khaki pants I don't even know what
to call them are they khaki their suede
my god
they are suede brown pants and they're
high-waisted and they're bell-bottom and
they kind of give some some indie vibes
and so does this top so together this is
like a very 70s outfit and I feel like
it's also very girly and chic
so it's capturing a decade and it's also
girly so why not last but not least I
love this sweater back in 2012 it was so
in to have the shoulders out then it got
out of style and that was a trend that I
loved it felt so sexy elegant whenever I
had my shoulders exposed but I was warm
at the same time and this is coming back
in this winter I've seen so many people
wearing this a mauve color and it's so
warm and I'm just so excited to wear
this out with boots and with maybe one
of my fur coats over there so yeah it's
like a cute little girly touch of winter
but these shoes are a dark mahogany
shred I would like to say they're
burgundy but not really they're more
Ruby this is like my favorite kind of
red like a deep red it's honestly become
one of my favorite colors to wear
especially with blonde hair they have
fur along the cuff to cup your ankle and
they're also suede I feel like these
would look so cute with a little black
cocktail dress
or like a holiday party or an event the
next shoes that I ordered are these
adorable rose gold shoes I know I say
the words fun and adorable a lot but
come on these are fun and adorable I
feel like those are the only words to
describe reasons why I love buying
clothes they capture my rose gold side
those you like to say rosy Ella instead
of gabriella because in the wintertime
I am a rose gold bean I'm obsessed with
it and if there's blush mixed with rose
gold you know I have to buy it there's a
football game going on outside but oh
and the last thing I'm gonna show in
this haul are these adorable peach satin
heels that have this gorgeous
embellishment around the cuff it looks
like a choker necklace is wrapping
around your ankle when you wear these
these are definitely making it to my
insta feed if you guys don't follow me
on instagram yet you totally should it's
right here
I try to keep the aesthetic going
especially during Christmas and winter
time alright guys so that's it for this
haul
I enjoyed it I have so much fun shopping
and it's just that much more fun when I
get to share it with you guys so if you
like this kind of format of a haul let
me know in the comments down below if
you prefer me sitting down and not
trying stuff on also let me know and
yeah that's it and I'll see you guys in
my next fancy blog bye
