hey guys you're probably super excited
with the title of this vlog but before I
start decorating I do want to mention
you guys that I did we stock my Poshmark
account if you guys don't know what that
is it's pretty much like my own little
online shop with hand-me-down stuff
filled with things that I no longer use
that I want to sell you guys I'll link
Poshmark down below in the description
you can download it for free it's super
easy to use the app is free you just
download it you make an account and then
you're able to buy things and make
offers on other people shop I know I've
seen you guys makes tons of offers on my
things because sometimes you can't
afford what I listed it as and I'll
usually change it and alter it to make
sure you can afford it people sell
brands like Nike Adidas Chanel Louis
Vuitton it ranges from all different
kinds of stores and luxuries but I'm
gonna show you right now what I list and
I'm gonna show you in person and then on
the app you'll see the pictures of what
they do look like Steven Tebow so right
now I'm in my closet and I am giving
away this YSL crossbody with the tassel
I'm getting this away because it just
doesn't fit a lot and I just recently
purchased a 12 inch this is a 6 inch I
purchased like the same thing but in
gold with the tassel and everything and
it's coming in next week
so this is a little useless right now
but it was only used once so it's good
as new it's so new that it's not even
broken in yet so the original price was
$1,500 but I took off 500 and it's only
a thousand even though I only used it
once I still want to make it available
for you guys at an affordable price and
I'm also open to guys making offers that
are less than what I listed it as this
is just a listing price I'm pretty sure
it's not gonna stay at a thousand
because I thought you guys want to buy
it at a thousand dollar bag so I'm open
to offers and the next bag is this Louie
Vuitton bag I've never used this like
it's still very like unbroken in I think
I bought this used but I could be wrong
it's like brand new it smells brand new
I did get this one on eBay this is a
2013 Louie Vuitton bag with like the
velvet lettering and logo and this is
this part I don't know what it's made
out of it's really shiny and cute the
Reese
and I've never used this before it's
because I'm not really into like wrist
bags I kind of like the bags that have
the option of a long dangly chain and
this didn't come with that so I never
use this and it takes up a lot of space
in my designer bag cabinet so I'm just
gonna sell this I did buy this for a
little over a thousand but I'm listing
this as 800 because I'm pretty sure the
little handle bags aren't very popular
right now so I could take a lot of money
off of that and then the third item I
listed is this cuff with the big pom-pom
I have to toe many bracelets like this
that's why I'm getting rid of this and
my wrist is a little too thin for this I
mean you can bend it and make it fit
your wrist but it's still too big for my
wrist so yeah these are the things that
I listed this is what my Poshmark
account looks like it's called fancy
Ella and these are the things I just
listed someone just reserved these I
just listed them just now but I guess
these two are reserved already I kid you
not I just uploaded these like right
before I started filming so that's crazy
I am uploading more stuff in my shop
around Black Friday you guys should
totally make a closet too and I totally
stock your guys closets when you guys
comment on my stuff let me know what
your closet name is especially on this
video make sure to comment down below
your closet name and I'll go check your
stuff out and see if I want to buy some
stuff Poshmark is super easy to use I'm
one of those people that just like I'm
very challenged when it comes to like
apps and stuff so Poshmark is definitely
one of those easier apps to use it's
honestly a great way to clean out your
closet and to make extra cash for the
things you already bought shipping is
super fast and easy all shipping options
are through that app you just print out
the label and then they take care of
that
I know whenever I shoot my items people
receive them relatively fast and yeah my
shop is gonna be linked down below so if
you want to check out my shop make sure
to do so and yeah let's start decorating
for Christmas so Colin just started
putting up our tree I think it's gonna
look super cute here in this new
apartment I know it looks super
cluttered in the last apartment I
already started putting up like these
trees like I showed in the last vlog and
I put up this one with the bath and
Bodyworks candles so here are the pillow
that I have for the couch you little
model this is a really pretty pillow we
currently have the CW on because we're
waiting for a Riverdale here's some of
like just tinsel or twine whatever it is
that I mix together it was like a white
pom-pom twine and then like a tree
branch twine and then I mix them all
together and I put them on top of the
mantle so cute Kenny's decorating the
Christmas tree with ornaments yeah can
can are you just hung a dancing
snowflake Christopher this is the
Nutcracker themed tree I have a bunch of
like ballet dancers and Clara and the
Nutcracker and the mouse king that's a
snowball that's from the scene with the
snowflakes this is such a cute sight oh
my gosh my two favorite men so this is
what the table looks like today up here
one I got these cute little wolf and
deer plates and these cute little
snowflake and silver sparkly placemats
this goes over top of this they're like
two separate things and then I got these
glam cups and this stalkers mystery has
always been there and then I got tall
Nutcracker and I got a little suno deer
to go along with this cute little setup
I'm gonna show you guys more but
Riverdale is about two beyond right now
and I got my Jughead blanket ready so I
could watch this this is my Jughead
blanket look how awesome it is
I can't watch Riverdale without it I'm
in love with Cole Sprouse so in the
kitchen it's just whatever but I did put
a silver sparking tree here and then I
have these candles I have sweater
weather and the hot cocoa one and this
cute little snowflake Tim that I got
last year and then a picture of d-squad
that's always been there and then twas
the night before Christmas on the wall
so this is my room right now and on my
vanity it looks super Christmasy and
pink and colorful these are the Too
Faced Christmas palettes if you guys
didn't get the mat you should totally
get them they're awesome this is my
camera bag I have
this Christmas tree this is my outfit
right now I have this like dark green
velvet bow in my hair and I'm wearing
the Victoria Secret Christmas pajamas
that look like this
how adorable and then right now I have
this tree up I have to put white lights
on it because I got it plain at Walmart
and I have this tis the season Christmas
candle with the snowflake clutch and
then I have this wreath up here and all
these ornaments I'm going for like a
rose gold theme on this tree Riverdale's
back on hold on
like guys Riverdale's on and so far
we're freaking out because put the black
hood to come out Betty and pretty much
said you can't talk to Molly and if you
do he'll Carver like a jack-o'-lantern
edgy music producer now okay guys so I
finished like the sitting area and the
eating room and the kitchen now I'm
gonna take you to my guest bathroom we
have three bathrooms I've never shown
this like single bathroom there's it's a
half bathroom that's what's called so
it's plain I had like light pink rug and
over here I have my wedding day candle
it's an inky candle wedding day and then
I have the white woods fragrance with
the ice-skating Wallflower
I have twisted peppermint hand soap and
then I have my vanilla bean Noel next to
this like beautiful little Christmas
decoration that I found at Hobby Lobby
so right now I have my umbrella light on
but this is my closet and I still have
to hang this picture it's still sitting
on like my jewelry station but this is
what I did in my closet I put my ear
muffs and Christmas trees this tall
feather Christmas tree and then let me
put this like maybe right here in my
bedroom now and it looks so beautiful
it's so breathtaking to me
I did add my Chanel snowglobe next to my
Gucci perfume I kept this pretty basic
up here because I'm always in fear that
like I'm gonna catch something on fire
my tree is in this corner I did like a
rose gold theme for the ornament since
this is like a rose gold color and so
are a lot of things on my vanity over
here is my bed I am still looking for
cute throw pillows for my bed because my
bedding never showed up and I kind of
want to stick with the light pink so
give me some websites for pillows
because girl is looking for some I hung
this cute furry silver and gold
ornaments I know the gold doesn't really
go with the room but in a way I feel
like it does because there's silvers and
rose golds and I guess olds now over
here I have a clock I have my sleep mask
I have the same letter that I've had
hung up in every bedroom I've had since
me and Colin started which is funny when
he got me roses for the first time ever
like the first two weeks of knowing him
he attached this letter this note and it
says parting is such sweet sorrow that I
shall say good night till it be morrow
William Shakespeare and if you guys saw
my two year anniversary video for
calling you you'd understand why we love
Shakespeare and Romeo and Juliet I also
have my Valentino book and I have a
nutcracker book I think I'm gonna put
this away for like the Christmas season
on Colin's nightstand we have this
snowman and I would show you this little
girl right here but I don't know should
this be the video where I show you guys
I know there were a lot of comments last
time about a tank and a hamster being in
a tank I really don't want to get into
those right now but basically when I
listen to the comments last time you
guys told me that Kolby needed to be in
another cage and we switched her to like
one of the cages you guys recommend it
and then unfortunately guys I don't know
if you know this but Kolby died after we
made the switch with her cages and we
think it's because she was so used to
the tank and she lived in the tank for
like a year and a half's when we
switched her to the other one she wasn't
used to it and I guess became unhappy
and died so Colin and I I know
statistically with hamsters having a
tank is wrong or this a tank the size
but this little one is the size of a
pebble she's a baby right now so for the
time being I think this is awesome and
yeah we're gonna do what what Kolby
would have wanted
we think she loved the tank and we don't
want this one to die so we got the tank
I want you guys to meet Wendy I don't
know if this is focusing but this is
Wendy this is Colby sister I mean not
actually but this is what me and Collin
like to saber like your sister was so
awesome
we missed Colby dearly guys we miss her
so much and I know I never really talked
about Colby's death in the vlogs but
that's because it happened right before
we moved apartments and actually the
night before we moved so I was already
under a lot of stress with moving and my
Halloween party coming up I couldn't
talk about it I know some people might
think like oh these are just hamsters
but Colby was a part of our family and I
just couldn't talk about it at the time
but right away because my mom was
helping me move she saw helps that I was
I was unfortunately I was crying for
like three hours so my mom took me to
the pet store and made me pick out a
hamster and I was like no no no like no
hamster will ever be Colby and I told
her the story about how Cole he picked
me she saw me through the cage and she
wanted to get out of the cage and when I
held her she didn't bite me
she was very lovable and I told my mom
it was never gonna happen like that
again with any other hamster but we went
to the pet store and this one picked me
it was so crazy this was like the fifth
hamster I held up getting a little
hopeless but this is Wendy Wendy Moira
Angela darling hmm I couldn't be more
happier with this one I mean I miss
Kolby every day but it really did help
me get over what happened by getting
another little one I definitely would
have been more sad if my mom didn't make
me buy a hamster like right away
she's so cute Rachael and Jessie are
here and they're going out tonight so oh
and Kenny I just wanted I just wanted to
show that my little like set up at my
sink I put this little pink Christmas
tree and then I have a lot of products a
lot of lush too but I put my snowy
morning stuff right here in the shower I
have my cute little metallic lavender
loofah and then this is Rachael's
and this bathroom is a separate bathroom
I still have stuff I have to put in my
vanity in this box but I also got this
cute little snowflake rug how cute and
this is my vintage room it has been
ready for Christmas since last week you
guys saw this in my intro I'll show you
again I'm so excited that this is in my
home like I feel like Ariel in the
Little Mermaid when she has all of these
like antiques and she's singing a part
of my world I added a few things since I
last filmed in here I added this
Nutcracker I added this cute little
vintage Christmas tree set up that I
found at any antique shop there should
be a deer on here I don't know where it
was I also put this cute little glass
figurine and the Santa right next to
this vintage wooden shabby chic decor
that I bought last Christmas I also
added another Christmas tree right here
that is like the same one in my bathroom
next to my sink and then all these
Christmas vintage books I have right
here if I want to just sit here and read
them I feel like this is gonna become
like a new setup like where I'm gonna be
blogging in this mirror so yeah that's
it for my decorating for Christmas vlog
it's also an apartment tour I feel like
low key I don't know I don't know what
I'm gonna call this wall yet but I love
you guys so much and let me know the
comments down below if you like how I
decorated for Christmas I'm probably
gonna decorate a little more throughout
the rest of the vlogs because it is only
the beginning of November so yeah let me
know the cops style if you like it and I
love you so much and I'll see you guys
in my next vlog bye
