hey guys so you might be wondering why
I'm dressed like this and I'm about to
tell you but oh my gosh my bed came in
so this is my vanity so far it's a
fold-up mirror it's right under the
television I have makeup brushes I've
been editing I have my laptop my camera
bag makeup drawers and it's my bed so it
looks like this it's silver and it's
velvet and there's like this clear
border that goes around super-fun this
isn't my bedding my bed anything my
bedding didn't come in yet but I'm also
really loving the powder pink with like
all the mirrored furniture and then this
is what it looks like with the
chandelier on I gotta get rid of that
laundry basket it totally ruins the
aesthetic right now but so cute
top it off I have finished decorating my
vintage closet and this is what it looks
like
hello vintage lovers so I curled my hair
and I'm wearing this vintage nightgown
because I was filming the intros for
Gavin s so you're not gonna have this
hey now hey now it's gonna be a
different intro there's gonna be like an
animated intro and then attached to it
it's gonna be like my vintage little
intro for my Christmas series called gab
mess now gab this is not vlogmas vlogmas
is an everyday thing and I have never
been down for vlogmas because I feel
like I'm gonna it's gonna take away the
fun and vlogging it's gonna take away
the fun in the holiday and most
importantly it's gonna take away the fun
and editing and just making the video as
aesthetically beautiful as possible so
gab miss is basically putting up a
Christmas log once every three days and
I know that's kind of the schedule a mom
right now but it's not very regular but
it's definitely gonna be regular drink
during gag miss and I'm gonna have
things planned specifically for the
Christmas vlog so it's not gonna be like
I'm running around with the camera and
don't know what to film I'm honestly
just gonna have amazing
bon christmas things planned for those
days and it's just gonna be amazing and
lovely and beautiful and I can't wait
for you guys to see it this is the only
Christmas tree I put up so far in my
apartment it is a small little pink
Christmas tree with these blush feathery
ornaments and there's also white ones
with pearls on them how cute I'm
listening to the Nutcracker right now if
you're wondering what what that like
orchestral music is but this is what it
looks like
hey guys so I'm about to go on a date
with Kali we're going ice-skating even
though it's like so far from Christmas
we're like let's go to bath and
Bodyworks because all the candles and
like Christmas scents are on sale so
we're gonna go there and then we're
gonna go get dinner or we're gonna skate
and then get dinner but we're going
ice-skating it away yay oh my gosh
this is so my style coconut mint drop
vanilla bean Noel but you like this oh
you like the trees I can't get over how
beautiful the packaging is this year
snowy morning and it's lavender whoo I
can't get over all this I'm overwhelmed
I'm so overwhelmed look how cute oh I
have champagne toast everything like a
mild freakout that's so you
you aren't get it no no yeah you do so
you think it's a snow road right but
it's a stand for a candle and look how
sparkly this food I wish I had my little
sparkle AB right now like sparkling
everything oh my gosh
and this
how's what do you put in this house
candles hmm okay I'm getting this it's a
blueberry sugar that's this a white mint
latte every year every year I always get
them they get through the season does
not smell like it's like grounds brown
sugar I love to scoop what guy will go
to bath and Bodyworks with your
girlfriend and have fun Colin boat
I lost Colin already let's play game
where's Colin
various various who's boyfriend goes
it's coming you're such a good boyfriend
and you have fun in here too you're
perfect exactly got a headache every
single time I go
why because the smell yes okay guys so
Colin and I got to the ice rink like an
hour too early we thought that you could
just show up in between six o'clock and
10:00 and just public skate but they
said oh so you're here for the eight
o'clock session and we're like yeah but
we didn't realize what time it was and
then we rise it was seven so just wait
an hour
yeah so today so we're a little bored so
I was telling Colin how I tweeted
something about what do you guys want me
to do in a vlog and a lot of you thought
I said you wanted me to prank Nicky and
lie and say I'm pregnant
those damar dolls that requested that
clearly know that this is gonna be a
setup for disaster because you know how
Nikki can get my guess is she's gonna
know right away yeah I'm joking I don't
think she that's my guess I don't think
she's leaving but I'm gonna try it
Oh Nikki
what are you alone right now
yeah why okay don't don't nee or anyone
but like I think me and Connor to have a
baby like I think I'm actually pregnant
I took a test and it said it was
positive and I'm too scared to take the
second one
his paplebon can go to the doctor Nikki
I'm so scared I don't I don't even wanna
like face the reality I really think I
am remember how I told you I threw up
for no reason
yeah but you had hair like this before
like before you freak out like literally
hold on a second just hold on don't go
anywhere someone finds on while I'm
waiting I guess I'm just gonna
let me know in the comments down below
if you guys want to see me do cons
makeup into my makeup turn him into me
no it shouldn't be telling me forever I
feel like you would look like me no
where are people say we look alike don't
see it at all
I see it really yeah we do don't know
get it to go like yeah we do you know we
talk we do damn Niki taking forever
what's more important than a pregnancy
I'm looking battle people do they know
about my little dilemma let's see I mean
you you got off the phone for quite some
time
daddy okay doc come on but anyways if I
am pregnant why do I do what if I like
what I'm so freaked out what if I wanted
then let your decision okay
you're a good sister damn I mean if you
didn't want to keep it like then maybe
like you're gonna be like a famous mom I
know Oh Nicky you know I'm just praying
calling you like for a vlog and you're
just being so nice mark yeah I thought
you're gonna have a crazy reaction but
you're like just being like a typical
nicest guys we've all been there before
like what yelling at you gonna do
damages well I was really laughing if
you've ever randomly thrown up before
the truth is I have I I set that up
because I knew I wanted I was gonna like
like call you about this today but it
was gonna happen now all right well I'll
let you guys go have some fun you mean
maybe my makeup and Nate played con all
right I gotta go all right bye okay so
Nicky's a good sister
dude I know that she's gonna freak out
because if I'm pregnant and
is it even playing on my phone yeah I've
never heard that song in my life I've
never heard them say yeah we're just
gonna find other things to use all time
and then I'll get back with you guys
over ice skating so we just put our
skates on so I was telling Colin but I
could have swore him last year he was
wearing figures and we were just sitting
there laughing
that's gonna be you yeah
yes I do I'm very you don't though oh
shut up you say I don't have a skate
well
my way
highway sometimes it's a curse all the
other veggies
do spin
now skate backwards back crossover since
I'm going to break my bones over at the
ER no you're gonna get hit by a car
but it's really good
absolute Chloe
I like this a lot is authority in the
so I already started putting up my
Christmas decorations but my dining room
table hasn't come yet but the chairs did
so this is like a really creepy and
awkward setup it's like a circle table
and then like these grayish lavender
chairs they're actually vanity chairs
they're gonna go around it and I also
got these really pretty tall Christmas
tree things I have one in the kitchen
over there and I got some ornaments
they're really pretty the rose golden
pearl I'm so cute I'm gonna make a
decorating my apartment
vlog but I'm honestly waiting for my
table to come in because I feel like
it's gonna be a little awkward to put
like the tree right here and like
there's no table I don't know I like OCD
about that letting one project after the
other but anyways I'm gonna show you
guys what I got at Bath & Body Works
because they bought so much stuff so I'm
gonna do like a like a mini haul right
now so the first thing I got is this
cute little like Wallflower plug and
it's so me I don't know if you can tell
with this footage but this is pink like
these pom-poms on the ice skates and as
you just saw ice skating I love ice
skating it's my favorite winter activity
the next thing I got is this cute like
pastel pink and teal vanilla bean Noel
I'm a huge fan of like vanilla but
honestly the vanilla bean Noel is one of
the last cents I'll pick up in Bath and
Body Works during the Christmas season
because I have so much vanilla and like
it's the season of like Christmas sense
so like it's kind of a basic ordinary
time son I go to but this is an a very
beautiful frosty little jar it looks
like a jar of frosting and it smells
honestly amazing the neck I have a
bubble my voice I don't sound like I
suppose hi guys
oh so the next thing I bought it's a hot
cocoa and cream candle and those of you
who were on my vlog Channel last year
and saw my Christmas blogs know that
this hot cocoa candle is my life smells
like you're making hot cocoa when you
burn this it smells like you're making
brownies or something the next candle I
got is white mint latte and I love that
it comes in like a super light green
stage color it honestly smells like ass
thinman it's so good
Wow and also had like a little touch of
like Holly I feel like or some kind of
like Christmas plants I don't know just
super Christmasy and sorry if I sound
like I'm sick I'm still like recovering
so I got Rachel sick Rachel's laying on
the couch behind this camera the next
candle I got is tis the season and mmm
this is like my go-to candle since like
2012 this smells like Christmas in a jar
so I don't know what it's made of but it
smells amazing last but not least out of
all the candles I have this blueberry
sugar candle and it smells so good it
smells like a blueberry muffin or
blueberry pie or like a blueberry
frosting I don't know and it's so pretty
I love how the little snowflakes and
like little swirlies and stuff this bag
is full of wallflowers I believe they
have hot cocoa wallflowers I bought two
of them because I was like this could
either go real good or real bad I could
either smell real gross I got a bunch of
the winter smell because this also
smells like Christmas and a liquid just
like this candle tis the season smells
like Christmas and a candle this smells
like Christmas in a liquid so I don't
know what they put in the winter scent
but every single winter since high
school I've been using this smell for my
bedroom or just everything
- this next one is the fresh balsam and
this is like a Christmas tree pine scent
because unfortunately I've ordered two
Christmas trees so I won't be able to
have a real one and I like to plug these
in all around where my Christmas tree my
fake Christmas changed so that it kind
of gives off the real effect I also got
two hand sanitizers fresh sparkling snow
I feel like I have my specific favorites
for each thing and brush sparkling snow
is my favorite for the little hand
stamping and last but not least with the
wall cents thousand Body Works did
something amazing this winter and they
decided to come out with this fragrance
for a Wallflower called white woods that
I've only ever seen one little candle in
the entire store today that says white
woods and then a Wallflower so it's like
a very unique smell but I wish there
were like bass products or like lotions
or hand soaps with the smell but
unfortunately it's only a candle in a
Wallflower and you would think it would
smell tiny but it smells like the tis
the season candle but was like some kind
of pastry and I've been obsessed with it
so it's called white woods they're like
this cute little rosewater color like
light pink
they're so cute I have a bunch of that
that is my favorite smell if you have no
idea what I'm describing just go to Bath
& Body Works and ask to smell that
fragrance and you're gonna fall in love
with it
mmm so good so in this box I have that
candle it's okay it looks like this
you had the snow globe the candle oh
they're like I think I could do you know
it would look you on the stand
it's a white man want a like the light
green with like the pink in here and
this everything's just so stupid so they
have a new fragrance this winter and
it's called snowy morning and it's
lavender it's so cute it smells amazing
look how beautiful the packaging is it's
like metallic it smells like fresh
sparkling snow like with some Holly in
it and a little bit like of a champagne
you smell
I'm gonna put the lotion on my head who
a con reminds me of like cotton like
it's like a cotton smell mixed with
Holly I also got to traditional sense
that I've been obsessed with since like
winter 2015
and that's winterberry wander and fresh
sparkling snow these are the go twos if
you really want a winter fragrance for
Bath & Body Works they discontinued this
last year I was so upset this is my fav
my all-time favorite and then this comes
in second these are my favorite they
brought both back in beautiful packaging
so yeah make sure to get them and then
here's the winter berry spray Oh smell
winterberry Rachel this is my favorite
smell I don't know it makes you really
just dodge it
it brings me back to like Christmas 2015
like me and Colin's first Christmas
along with the the snowy morning I got
this metallic bath sponge loofah thing I
also got winter berry and a lotion and
then I got some hand soaps I thought
this is interesting it's cinnamon
caramel swirl and it's a lavender
metallic soap and I thought that was
like an interesting choice like a
cinnamon hand soap but I think it's
super pretty my apartment is very
lavender so I feel like it goes I also
got twisted peppermint you cannot like
live through Christmas season without
peppermint hand soap and last but not
least I got fresh sparkling snow and me
I love the foaming hand soaps so you
have like the option for a creamy or
foam and I got foam in these there was
an option for foam with this scent but I
loved how metallic and lavender and
pretty it was I know the foam for this
one was in like a dark green bottle and
I'm like I'm gonna go to lavender that's
pretty much it I'm gonna go set those up
around my apartment I'm pretty sure the
next vlog is gonna be a decorating for
Christmas vlog if not the next one and
yeah this is like the star of my gab
mess I feel like I mean I don't know my
intro is gonna be ready to put before
this vlog or the next one of all the
seasons in the year I am obsessed with
Christmas I know you guys thought I was
obsessed Halloween no no no
obsessed with Christmas and then
Halloween all right I'll see you guys in
my next 20 blog bye
