good morning fancy babies it is the day
of my annual gala ween Halloween party
and do you recognise anything right now
I'm sick I never get sick and I'm sick
please say some prayers for me yes I am
in my new apartment and it looks like I
just copied and pasted my old closet
into this new closet this is where like
guests have been like sleeping the last
few days I've had like friends over
helping me move in I am gonna hang my
picture with Paris on the wall and my
fancy outlet jacket and I have all my
jewelry over here it's honestly like
identical and it's really scary
it even smells the same this is my
bathroom in here there's three bathrooms
and three bedrooms in this penthouse
over here I have like my everyday closet
my apartment is a mess right now but
here is a brief overview of like the
sitting area rachel has been sleeping
over Colin's gaming room hi Rachel
unfinished bedroom still waiting for my
bed to show up and my vanity and my
makeup drawers you get a washer and
dryer I feel like me and Colin have our
own wing oh my god I forgot to tell you
guys Colin living with me now yay so
here is my vintage closet it's not
anywhere and you're done I have things
I'm trying to hang up a bunch of
different things they're back here all
these pictures is it really necessary to
have three closets let me know in the
comments down below
anyways I know this vlog is gonna be
super long so I'm just gonna start off
by just recapping on everything thumbs
up for that exclusive sneak peek of my
penthouse I will definitely do an
updated one when everything is like
furnished please cut me some slack I
moved in four days ago but anyways my
package for Lily came in and I'm gonna
drop that off Lily's with my parents
right now because Nicki's home from LA
and Nikki missed Lilly but I'm gonna go
surprise Lilly with like her Halloween
costume and some presents and then
Rachel and I are going to the Halloween
store and doing some shopping for the
party
I have care
my party planner taking care of a lot of
different things Carrie if you're
watching this I love you you guys know
who canvas that's cams mom so yeah hi
Lilly mama surprising you you little
pumpkin
mama has presents for you they come in
the mail just for you excited to open
she wants to open so yes I am currently
at my parents house and just a fun fact
you guys know that my old apartment was
like 30 minutes from my parents house so
now my new apartment is two minutes from
my parents house so I'm gonna be here so
much more you're gonna see more vlogs in
my old bedroom right Lily Lily what is
it what is it this is item number one
she loves it she's celebrating Christmas
early smelly are you ready for Halloween
they have it so that like if she bites
this it looks like she's smiling but I
think she's hooked to the gingerbread
man prom season Lily
oh she's hooked to gingerbread but this
is the other toy oh now she wants it
okay let's do the next toy Oh Lily you
have a little Snuggie for you it's comfy
I know here's a winter coat for you lil
Lily's misbehaving right now so I'm just
gonna show you what I got her well she
has her little fit over there so I got
hurt this leopard Snuggie like jacket I
don't know about you guys but my dog
loves to be comfy she'll find any pile
of come and just make a swirl and sleep
there I also got her Christmas sweater
it looks like this it's also really
comfy and it has little arm holes for
her legs and it's open in the back it's
stretchy so if your dog's a little plump
like Lily it'll fit this is my favorite
thing that I bought for Lily and it's a
mama front back pack carrier and I can
put her in this and walk around like
she's my child to had to try it out
huh huh oh my gosh
this is my favorite part bouncy bouncy
dance - dancing - I've never seen one
like this for a dog in my life if you
guys didn't know this this is Lily's
room this is her bed and she has a bunch
of clothes that need an actual closet
and then her toys are in this bin right
here they're also floating around - I
spoil my dog so this is Lily's bag and
this is for when I take her to get
groomed or when she has to go to the vet
or if we want to go shop for something
and last but not least I got Lily this
bow collar I'm gonna be linking
everything down below if you have a
furry friend and if your furry friend
wants to be spoiled with affordable
things make sure to check that out in
the description this is so pretty
oh you're so pretty Lily this was a
gorgeous on you I love you girl happy
Halloween
oh this is an overview of the outside of
the haunted house this is from Airbnb
it's actually haunted it's right next to
a funeral home so here is my costume
reveal I am a fairy this is what my
costume would slay my wings have not
been cooperating this is what my makeup
looks like this is at the back of my
hair that's right and even though this
is a haunted house look how glamorous
Lee fancy this bedroom is oh my gosh you
know the V Squad is sleeping here so
this is my dress and ally and Nash are
on their way
Nash is gonna be a little late cuz she
had work but we're all being fairies
Ally's being a blue one and Nash is
being a white one this is called the
princess suite
I hear Ali Ali hey bitch like this
spaceship back like a some baby
hey guys it's about thirty minutes till
my party I'm gonna give you a little
tour
this is our funded house it is right
next to a funeral home this is the photo
room this is where all the pictures are
going to be taken you wait your turn on
the couch let's fly to the other room
shall we
the Ouija room and they were ever going
to have a little special Ã«coz the
funeral is get picked going look at this
bathroom I mean their stuff because
people are getting ready but look at
what's in the tub so creepy think Kerri
because she did all this so then we go
up through these steps
I hear creepy music we go in here this
is a stranger things room the music's a
little messed up this is the game room
do you
over here's the princess we already
showed you guys that Ali's getting
dressed in her fairy costume then you go
up the steps this is the creepiest part
of the house
Wow that commercial totally threw it
this is sleep running here and this is
like a little haunted zombie freakish
room in honor of Nicky
beware of zombies then you come over
here this is the it room that is the
hotel store you're not gonna die tonight
