hey guys so this is a long overdue video
I first want to start this off by
telling you guys this doesn't clickbait
like it really isn't like I can't I
don't even want to show you the other
side of my apartment this is like a
makeshift setup right now I have an
iPhone light on my face cuz I packed
away all my umbrella lights and
everything so I don't know where to
start but this is probably gonna be a
very lengthy video so if you want to
find out how I'm getting evicted then
keep watching so first of all I want to
start this video off by letting you guys
know I'm not trying to play the role of
the victim here I'm guilty of some
things that I'm not proud of this was my
first apartment ever I moved out on a
whim and I had no idea what it was like
to live on my own I don't want you guys
thinking that I'm thinking I'm innocent
because I'm telling you right now I know
I'm not but at the same time I also
don't agree with the other party and I'm
gonna explain the exact situation that
led up to me getting kicked out of my
apartment like I know you guys are
probably assuming I'm not uploading
vlogs because I have blood queens going
up but that isn't the case I'm not
vlogging because I am stressed out
beyond belief like there's boxes
everywhere I am moving out within the
next like four days and I have so much
to do so that's why I haven't been
vlogging I'm filming a video this coming
Wednesday so there's not going to be a
blood queens episode this coming Tuesday
because the last episode premieres on
Halloween which is in a week and a half
from now so like the following Tuesday
you'll see the last episode of blood
queens so when I first moved here there
are like a bunch of women that work at
the clubhouse and the clubhouse is like
like the central building of all the
buildings where there's a fitness center
there's your the package room
like a conference room and a game room
and it's just super nice this complex is
super cute but one thing that I didn't
look into while moving in here is the
fact that the majority of the people
that live here are older retirement
community older
like I don't know anyone that's my age
that's living on their own here I maybe
know one couple that is in their mid-20s
who just got married but other than them
I the only people I know that live here
are older it didn't it didn't cross my
mind that that would be a big deal when
I first moved in here so when I first
moved in here they took me right away
they were very sweet I don't know if
they like me but I got the vibe that
they liked me there's this one like
Maine I don't know if she's she's a
landlord but I don't know what other
title she has and I'm not gonna say any
names because there's a bunch of like
women that work in this Clubhouse okay
and if they're watching this because I
know that they watch my videos and that
has a lot to do with why I'm getting
evicted if you're watching this video
and you work in the clubhouse or if
you're the landlord and you don't like
me I'm really sorry not only is this
video gonna help that my viewers and
learn from my mistakes but it's also an
explanation since I do put my life
online I have to explain to people why
I'm being evicted and if you're not
proud of the reason why I'm being
evicted
then maybe you should think twice about
how you handle this okay now back to the
message to you guys I thought they liked
me the landlord was super nice like we
bonded right away
I was always complimenting her nails or
her hair and you know I never knew what
it was like to live on my own so I knew
it was important to keep a good
relationship with the landlord the
person who's in charge of it always made
it an effort to make sure I was like the
nicest version of myself possible
whenever I walk in there and I had to go
in there all the time anyways because
you have to go through the front desk to
get your packages and as a youtuber I
receive packages all the time really
insecure with how I come off to other
people and I know a lot of people say oh
it's your fault you come off that way
but it really is so many people look at
me and think I'm a striking bitch like
because of my face or because of how I
dress or because of my hair color or
because of what I have going on for me
and I'm only 22 years old my main goal
is to make sure I didn't come up as like
a privileged stuck-up girl who thinks
she rules this entire complex like I
wanted to make sure I came up as a
genuine hard-working 22 year old student
no matter how nice you
are to people you're not gonna change
their minds so my first booboo let's see
I moved in July 2016 and my first booboo
was October 2016 when I decided to throw
my annual gabbling Halloween party in
this apartment right here and yes for
those you asking I am having gab between
this year but because of the
circumstances it's not gonna be in this
apartment nor definitely not this
apartment nor is it gonna be in the new
apartment it's going to be in an Airbnb
which is an actual haunted house and I
am vlogging it as you guys remember if
you saw my Halloween party vlog I had a
party in my apartment and I know that's
very inconsiderate when you're an
apartment complex and I wasn't thinking
straight because in my mind in my little
head I'm like oh 10 to 20 people is no
biggie because I always make my
Halloween party super exclusive because
two-faced always sponsors my Halloween
parties and I want people who are
genuinely my friends to receive these
gifts so I make sure it's super
exclusive no one can bring plus ones
it's just my friends so it was just 10
to 20 I don't know I would see 13 at
most people like insert clip here
like only like 13 people at this party
and that was at the top comment it was
like this was late barely anyone here
but it's not like it was an open house
party this is an exclusive invite party
only and I hired this is gonna sound
ridiculous but I was so scared of like
getting evicted or getting kicked out so
I hired someone which was like a guard
figure to just like stand at the front
door and like make sure everyone like
the noise level was quiet to handle the
front door if like police are called or
if neighbors come to the door and to
make sure things weren't stolen things
weren't like misplaced or messed up he
was stood there the whole time and the
whole night that door never opened once
like never opened once and one time the
door did open near the end of the party
and it was the maintenance man and he
said hi I'm trying to sleep can you keep
it down a little that's when I learned
that the maintenance man might be living
above me I mean I still don't know to
this day but I think he's living above
me because of that incident then a week
goes by after my party and I'm getting
my packages and like I told you I have
to meet them every time I get my
packages like I said I have to engage
with them when I get my packages because
they're sitting right there at least one
woman sitting at the desk and get the
sign for your packages and the mail
rooms right there and then all their
offices are right there so one after the
other will come out and like this is the
first time this has ever happened to me
and little did I know this would become
a routine but this is the first time I
went to get packages and the woman came
out of her office who's the landlord
I'll call her Josephine so Josephine
comes out of her office she asked me to
sit in her office and I'm like this is
weird this is never happening to me
before I'm just trying to get my
packages so I was freaking out as you
know cuz I this is my first apartment
and it took forever to furnish I was
scared I was gonna get kicked out I
figured it had to do with the Halloween
party so I sit in her office and she
tells me that she received so many noise
complaints the night of my Halloween
party and
was like that's bizarre because I went
to almost every surrounding neighbor the
night the day before and I told them
what was going on and they said oh it's
fine don't worry about it like I did the
traditional knock on the door tell them
what's about to happen tell them I'm
having around 10 to 20 people over for a
costume party evening officers and it's
probably gonna go till 2:00 a.m. and
everyone said oh it's fine it's fine
but one woman didn't answer actually two
people didn't answer me the person above
me and the person below me which is like
the most important
and now that I learned the maintenance
guy probably lives above me and the
woman who lives below me I guess his
older that's what Josephine said but she
said that she received so many noise
complaints and this can't happen anymore
and she's also said that she saw my vlog
that I can't be throwing ragers like
that ragers
I said respectfully I understand and it
won't happen again and I promise and I
kept my word oh I kept my word but on
another note it also led me to know she
watches my vlogs so I was I was scared
because I'm like you know what now that
she watches my vlogs I'm automatically
completely different than any resident
living here
because even if they do do things that
are technically against the rules for
the apartment
they would get away with it it's
different because other tenants living
here if they do something like throw a
party like I did they may have gotten in
trouble with noise complaints but they
don't have that video footage that that
she could see it from do you know what I
mean
automatically I'm different from the
rest of the tenants because I put my
life online so it made me realize I just
opened a door to this whole new world
that I have to watch what I do in my
vlogs now because I want to keep my
apartment and what if I say or do
something wrong it just opened a whole
new anxiety to me and vlogging like no
other so then after I promised her that
wouldn't happen again and stuff like
that I found myself going in to get
packages and this woman Josephine would
stop and say something like Oh in this
vlog at this timestamp you were doing
this or I saw a pack of cigarettes at
this time stamp on the ground of your
apartment and you know the rules about
smoking you have to be in a sixty feet
radius and I'm like I don't smoke one
and two those are my friends and he
knows the rules became to the point
where I second-guessed vlogging
sometimes because I was scared that
something in the background was gonna be
seen or I just felt I mean that's the
price you have to pay when you put your
life online like you don't really have
privacy but at the same time I don't
want my online life affecting my
everyday life so that continued I would
go in and get my packages and she would
say something about the amount of
packages I'm receiving she would say you
need to come sooner because all your
packages take up the the little mail
room and it would be so snarky and
sarcastic about it like one time I had a
concussion like a month ago and I was so
out of it and zoned out and I wanted to
get my packages and Josephine won and
they're with me cuz I mean you could
help me get them you know and I'm like
you didn't even give me a chance like I
just walked in the room you'd be like oh
you got a lot of packages like oh so
lucky like oh I wish I had that
kind of like made me feel guilty for
like having bran send me free stuff like
what do you see like oh you should get
this to people who need it do you give
this stuff away and like yeah like or I
use it all whatever it shouldn't matter
so I just do you guys know there were
only like six buildings with apartments
in them they are now building like a
hundred buildings so like I think I'm
moving out a good time because this is
turning like way too commercial for my
liking I'm saying this because there is
such a small mail room in one club house
the only club house in the entire
complex of like a hundred building and
of course because I travel a lot to LA
and here in LA and here for work my mail
does pile up and then there's brands
sending me free gift I am in the wrong
for that I should hire someone or get a
friend to get my packages from the
mailroom and sign for them while I'm
away that's like mistake number two so
like the Halloween party and then my
package pile up half the reason my
packages would pile up and this is me
being sincere guys is because I would
get anxiety to go in that office because
I knew every time I had a sign for
packages I would have to face Josephine
that's not the number one and then the
rest of like the workers in the
clubhouse and there's like maybe one or
two like newer ones that are just so
genuine now like they've never they've
never been sassy with me I just avoided
an avoided and avoided getting packages
sometimes because as you guys know from
watching my vlogs I like battle extremes
anxiety and it's literally insane how my
anxiety controlled when I would get my
packages because I sometimes didn't feel
like dealing with Josephine and it's not
that she was hard to deal with but
whenever I'm talking to someone of
authority or who or someone who has
something over me or has control over
something of mine like for example my
lease I always want to give them the
best presentation of myself possible
that's how I am with my professors and
especially if you're in charge of my
lease I want you to like really like me
so if I know I'm having a bad day I like
won't go and get my packages because I
don't want her to not like me
ended up really becoming a problem and
sometimes I would send my boyfriend
Colin to get my packages or I'll sound
like a friend and then they used to like
yell at me for not emailing them and
telling them that my friends are coming
at my packages so obviously because I am
22 years old and I'm still young and I
still like to party with my friends and
have pre games cuz we go out a lot I
decided I found another way to have fun
with my friends that's not in my
apartment and that is to get party buses
now those of you who see like the summer
break of spring break shows or like any
like party vlogs they have you kind of
notice the pattern and that's the fact
that I'm always on a party bus and
that's because ever since this Halloween
party I don't want to mess with my lease
or anything so I want to be considerate
of everyone else and I get party buses
and I didn't find out until like a month
ago when I had a party bus for Ali's
birthday that they're a problem but I'm
gonna save that till like the end of
this story because that's like at the
end of the story so the story really
picks up when I take my first vacation
with Collin to Bermuda in June so the
Halloween party happened in October 2016
June 2017 this past summer I went to
Bermuda and for those who didn't see my
broom you to vlog you should totally
watch it before I went to Bermuda and
like I always do like if I'm about to go
to LA or something when I'm in the
clubhouse getting my daily packages
since I get packages all the time I will
tell the people at the front desk oh I'm
gonna be away like kind of give them a
heads up let's take it to when I'm in
Bermuda and I have no cell phone service
at all I have limited data limited Wi-Fi
all his stuff because it's out of the
country and I finally get access to my
emails and I read all these crazy emails
about my trash in my apartment Oh an
odor and my car so when I was in Bermuda
I opened my apartment to my friend Kenny
and I had him house it meaning like he
takes care of my hamster he feeds Lily
he makes sure everything is well-kept
kind of like guarding the apartment and
as you guys saw um niki and gabi summer
break kenny also was having family
issues and needed a place to stay that
week so i opened my home and i'm like
stay here while i'm in Bermuda I'm
reading these emails it says there was
trash outside my apartment that's been
sitting there for days it's a bad odor
in the hall I'm freaking out I'm like oh
my god
Kenny like can why didn't can you take
this out
so I'm frantic I get ahold of Kenny and
I ask him to take out the trash he's
like oh I'm sorry Gabi you didn't cover
the rules with valet trash I don't know
why they're not collecting the trash and
I'm like oh well you're probably not
putting it out at the right time
so we got that figured out and I
explained the situation to Josephine
over email and I didn't get necessarily
a nice response she actually was kind of
accusing me of lying that I was in
Bermuda she was telling me that she was
getting tours to people throughout the
apartment complex that day and she saw
my car had been moved and I told her the
only person that has my spare keys is my
dad and that's in case of an emergency
and I had my keys with me in Bermuda
that was just odd and I forwarded that
to my business manager and my business
manager is someone in short term it's
someone that has all my money that pays
all my bills for me because I just can't
do that
like I'm terrible at math and she's like
a mother figure my business manager
she's amazing she was letting me know
while I was in Bermuda that that she was
basically accusing me of lying I had to
prove to her that I did not move my car
and she she was basically trying to say
why is your garbage still sitting
outside of your apartment if you're
still here she should get it inside and
I was trying to let her know I'm not
here I'm in Bermuda and I didn't move my
car and my car hasn't moved so I was so
frantic because mine when my anxiety
kicks in my anxiety kicks in and I
called the office right away as soon as
I could find some signal I called a
clubhouse and I'm ranting and I'm going
on and on I'm being all apologetic I'm
telling them that I'm getting Colin's
dad to help Kenny take care of the trash
since Kenny's not understanding I was
just letting them know like I'm taking
action and this isn't gonna happen again
and I'm really really sorry
and the woman let's call her Scarlett
Scarlett's on the phone and she's like
yeah okay yep bye bye like hangs up
while I'm ranting about I'm sorry I'm
taking care of it I'm going the extra
mile to make sure this never happens
again and I just felt so I just felt so
discouraged hold on I want to see if I
could pull up the email I sent after
they hung after Scarlett hung up on me I
decided to send this email to Josephine
since Josephine's like like a like a
person of a higher authority and I was
scared that Scarlett was gonna like make
me sound bad to her
her because Josephine's like in charge
of my lease so i said i'm sorry my
emails are being broken up but i'll send
it all in one for clarification
I spoke with scarlet today and she was
and she was very fed up which makes me
really upset because I don't want you
guys to think poorly of me my car
husband won my car has been parked in
the same spot all weekend I have my car
keys with me on vacation so it's
impossible and unlikely that my car was
gone and returned to after your first
original email I had emailed a friend
regarding to go into my building and
take out my trash to stop this issue and
because I'm out of the country I have
limited data that I have been struggling
to use I finally received emails this
morning only to find your second email
following with an email from a friend
regarding how they were unable to
complete the task I asked them to do
pertaining the garbage 3 nobody that I
know of has put a garbage bag on top of
the original garbage this makes me very
upset because this could be another
person on my floor who didn't really
taking out their own trash and I'm
getting the boot for the problem that
was out of my knowledge and/or control
that's another thing someone on my floor
just decided to put an extra bag of
garbage on top of my garbage because
Kenny Kenny told me that he only put out
one bag of garbage and she was accusing
me of having like a second bag of
garbage on top of my bag of garbage and
then number four is I would like to give
consent to Colin's father and then I
insert inserted his name and I said to
take out the spare key today or tomorrow
to take care of the apartment and the
odor that everyone is apparently
complaining about then I said I really
hope this situation doesn't affect our
relationship here at and I said the
apartment complex name and I said I love
my apartment and community very much and
I really don't want this to affect me
negatively I really had no idea this was
all going on and it seems via your aunt
via your email and / my conversation
with Scarlett that you are both very fed
up with me and the living situation I
feel like you guys don't believe me I
admitted in my response email to you
that I was not thinking clearly nor did
I remember it was a holiday weekend when
I put the garbage out on Saturday before
I left but I assumed my friend would
take care of this for me again I'm
really sorry I have limited data and I
had no contact from my friend printing
inability to do the task the
conversation I had what scarlet has left
me feeling very uneasy she kept trying
to hang up saying bye whenever I was
explaining the situation she said but
she said by about like five times and I
was just amazed that she said that and
like I'm not an annoying like Gabbar
like I'm very actually shy around people
that aren't my friends so like that
really bothered me
this woman was rushing me off the phone
when I was in Bermuda like crying
because like I was I just kept getting
all these like accusation 'el emails
that are making me look one way and it
really isn't that way so that's what was
frustrating me and I was just trying to
clarify myself and at this point I
realized this email is so much longer
than I already read but at this point I
realized maybe I am just annoying them
so I'm summarizing everything in one
email so this could just stop I could
come back and everything will be normal
they know I'm sorry so when I got back
from Bermuda I was so nervous especially
to get my packages and when I went to go
get my packages it didn't get better
with the women working there
Josephina actually was worse I felt like
Scarlett the woman who hung up on me was
like better
Josephine like started like here and is
working her way down here like was like
not liking me after this garbage
incident with me and Bermuda things got
crazy with Colin and the apartment so
okay Colin does not live with me like he
does not live with me his parents house
is right next to this apartment complex
and he is there all the time playing
video games and he goes there all the
time he's out his friends all the time
mmm he sleeps here about rif sleepovers
a lot but I it's always so random when
we have sleepovers and we travel a lot
so like I don't know but that note is
important for later basically every time
I go on the clubhouse they would start
saying colonies to sign the new lease
colonies to sign the new lease you both
live here you he needs to sign the new
and I know technically it looks like he
is living with me he's in like all my
vlogs I already know josephine watches
all my blogs Kenny was here for a week
and they kept asking me oh it's Kenny
living with you house Kenny Kenny should
sign the lease like they kept like
asking me about Kenny and callin Kenny
thought every time I'd go to get my
packages so he started avoiding going to
get my packages again as you guys know I
took my gay friend Kenny into my
apartment with open arms because his
parents didn't want him living with him
anymore
they turned his room into a prayer room
it was this big thing and Kenny's like
one of my best friends so I opened my
apartment to him even though his brother
has an apartment in this area too I
opened my apartment to him for whatever
he needs me and he doesn't like live he
doesn't technically live here either
because he's on campus a lot sleeping in
the dorms and he goes to his brothers
apartment and then he comes here when he
wants to go out or something like that
but anyways neither live with me like
this is my apartment neither of them do
anything for the apartment for it to be
theirs they don't have any bedrooms in
here they don't have like clothes here
it's like they don't live here I just
open my apartment to my boyfriend
because it's my boyfriend and hey this
is my apartment
this is where we're gonna hang out and
Kenny is my best friend and he's going
through a lot of troubles at home so if
he has no place to actually permanently
live he could float around like a little
gypsy from school to his brothers to
here I don't care but the people at the
clubhouse weren't really liking that and
I understand why this is boo-boo number
three or let's see Halloween party
packages in the package room trash left
outside oh and what this is number four
so guests is number four
I guess when a guest stays over a lot
they need to sign the lease if I had
Collin signed the lease my brent would
go up and if I had Kenny sign the lease
my rent would go up even more and I kept
telling them that like they don't they
don't live with me and I felt like they
were trying to enforce Collins who live
with me they're like oh but he has to
sign the lease and Michael if he's gonna
sign the lease as might as well live
with me and yeah it just became a lot
like I actually
talk to my mom about this and I was like
mom I really feel like the women in the
clubhouse are pushing me and Colin's
relationship to the next level and it
feels weird because I don't really know
them personally I'm discussing like like
things that I wouldn't be talking about
if these women weren't like forcing it
on us so I felt like they were forcing
it on us to move in together and at the
time over the summer I didn't think it
was a good idea to like for him to sign
the lease I didn't think it was like he
shouldn't have to pay for the apartment
if nothing he if he doesn't have a room
in here if nothing in here is his if he
doesn't even if he's not even here all
the time I just felt like it was a
little messed up so Rachel come here
it's your your part I'm bringing Rachel
in for this part of the video cuz like
she has a lot to to right here
you guys know Rachel from summer break
and spring break so basically around
this time of summer I was going to the
gym a lot because I was diagnosed with
my thyroid problem and I was like
working my butt off and this was before
my medication so I was in the gym all
the time meaning I have to encounter the
women at the front desk every day even
when I'm not getting packages so that
was another reason why I like I avoided
going to the gym like all year but like
I pushed through it when I was like you
know what I'm going to the gym I have to
go to the gym everyday so I didn't
recognize how I was being spoken to
until I brought Rachel to the gym with
me and then after the gym we went to go
get my packages now I'm gonna let Rachel
take in Regent's to this day never stops
talking about this I like intake can i
yeah you can you just like bleep out if
I her name is Josephine it you could
curse Joseph we like went to the gym
this one time and we're walking in and I
have I've put up with a lot of shit from
people but I have never witnessed
anybody like speak to anybody
in such a condescending way that like I
was offended for Gabby like she was I
felt like she was treating Gabby like
she was like in preschool because just
the way that she was talking down to her
as if she owned her or was like
babysitting her almost it was that
moment I realized like I always knew in
the back of my head that's why I would
always get anxiety to go to the
clubhouse cuz I always knew they would
talk to me in some kind of way that
would make me feel insecure to keep
going back but it was till I actually
had an outside source like a friend that
has like an unbiased opinion stand there
next to me and have her jaw drop at how
I was being spoken to it was like one of
those conversations where just like the
way that she was talking to Gabby she
was talking to her have you ever had a
conversation with somebody and they're
just being very snarky towards you and
they talk to you like okay do you
understand that's exactly how she was
talking to Gabby and multiple sentences
were like that like do you get it
okay honey do you understand you are
making me so angry right now like Colin
says I have this issue where I let
people walk all over me and let me let
people talk to me like that do you know
how like sometimes people will like
people will talk to foreigners and they
they realize that they don't understand
what they're saying so instead of like
repeating what they're saying like they
just get very condescending towards them
and they're like can you hear me do you
understand me
that's why we worked out and I like that
Gabby and I was like what us fuck what's
that woman cuz she is a fucking cunt
I had no idea I was being spoken to you
like that and it's funny that Rachel
said this and then I saw Nikki and my
friend Jesse later this night and
this is when Nikki was considering
moving into this building so Nikki's
working on trying to get in here and
Jesse told me that when her and Nikki
went into the clubhouse just to ask if
they could take a look at the their
apartment they were about to move into
so they could write down what furniture
they want to get for what room Jesse
said that Josephine approached Nikki and
Jesse when they're all excited like hey
we're wondering if you look at the
apartment a simple no would have been
fine but Jesse said this woman stood
there and talked slow as hell with
attitude talking to them like they were
kindergarteners and then get sends an
email to our business manager like the
next day and was like we need to hold
off their move in like I don't trust
this situation we need to give it some
time like I'm like what they were just
all excited asking to see the apartment
so that was kind of weird that was like
another red flag the fact that another
outside unbiased source thought that
Nikki was being spoken to in a very
condescending way and Nick poor Nikki
doesn't live here and Nikki didn't make
the mistakes I made she was it was very
um what's the word she was blending
Nikki in with me like she doesn't like
me she was just being discriminating
against Nikki she had no reason to not
like Nikki and or to talk to her in that
manner for that matter so she was being
very condescending to me and Nikki now
because Nikki's trying to move into the
building and this week my studio is
getting along so I played rush through
the rest of this this brings us to like
the very important event that happened
that made me get evicted so as you guys
know I have blood queens going on on my
channel blood queens is centered around
an apartment complex which used to be a
ritzy hotel and the hotel closed down
because of all the murders and then the
murders restart reoccurring in the new
apartment complex but this wasn't filmed
the only footage in my apartment which
is legal to filmin was my apartment that
i furnished myself
painted myself vlog in myself the those
are the only clips films in my apartment
complex and everything else like the
exterior shots of the hotel was actually
a local like really ritzy hotel in our
area the hotel Bethlehem and the hallway
shots were filmed in a Holiday
and we're not holiday in it was what's
that one across the street the hotels
literally across the street that we
filmed the hallway scenes in it was wow
it's so sad I can't even remember the
name of the hotel but it was an amazing
hotel they were so nice
everything was films like outside and
everything like nothing was filmed in
this complex you can't even tell this is
the apartment complex well you know the
scene where Ali is going up the steps
with the files and the janitor Eddie her
boyfriend saved her from the clown well
that scene was filmed in the stairwell
of this apartment complex because the
hotel that we were filming in for like a
lot of the hallway and stairwell scenes
was actually having like an event or
something and we just like couldn't film
in the stairwell for that scene that
night so we decided to bring it to the
stairwell here because I thought in my
head well it's a white cinderblock
stairwell stairwells are unidentifiable
when they're like a little like
emergency escape stairwell with like
white cinder block you know I mean
Rachel mm-hmm like if it's like white
cinder block and it's just like basic
and it doesn't have anything that stands
out that this is this apartment complex
I thought it would be fine I didn't
think anyone would notice well when we
were filming the videographer Mike he I
actually have footage to prove this he
looks at this open like door there's
this is the stairwell and under the
stairwell there's a slanted wall and
then a wall and on this wall there's
like a door and this door was unscrewed
and I've never seen the store before and
it was unscrewed I'm like oh my god
there's a hole in the steps and we're
off illegal a faing about it and Mike
goes oh my gosh let's put the clown in
the hole and have the clown's foot like
let's get a shot of the clown's foot
crawling out of the hole we're like that
is so amazing that is so creepy let's do
it so
we have that shot and we put that shot
in the trailer this shot like basically
mmm that made it the end of me living
here so so she wrote an email to my
business manager accusing me of
unscrewing this door myself may I add
this door is like has like little like
key bolts where you like would need a
key to open like every four corner to
open this whatever door this was and
inside this there was no like no mops no
maintenance equipment nothing it was
just like an empty blank it was like an
acutely shaped triangular room under the
staircase that had nothing in it he
didn't open it we just saw it was just
chilling and open and we're like oh this
is cool to filming and since this place
this apartment complex literally has
cameras everywhere if they really wanted
to they could watch the camera footage
and see that we did not unscrew this
door
and then she was accusing me and my
friends of lake leaving rocks in the in
between like the door to get in to keep
it open and I've never done that in my
life
I mean it could have been someone that
I'm friends with but they said they
didn't do it so at this point I felt
like all this blame was being misplaced
on me and she said that this was a
warning and that if I do something wrong
again
which the guys I've been bitched at so
many times like every other week for
doing something wrong at this apartment
complex like from the garbage to
packages to whatever I knew that if I
didn't start looking at apartments I'd
be kicked out with nowhere to go and she
basically said if I'm caught doing
anything wrong again that I'm gonna be
kicked out so it's just a warning like
she's not gonna tolerate this behavior
anymore which I understand because if
people are truly leaving rocks in
between the front door and the door like
that
that's messed up so anyone could be like
break in or enter the building if they
don't have a fob and I understand if she
thought that I unscrewed the door but
there are literally cameras everywhere
she would see that I did not unscrew
that door like I didn't and it's
completely unidentifiable there was
nothing that that could have put us in
danger in that little closet it wasn't
even a closet there was nothing in it I
just didn't understand what the big deal
was and this trailer went up like in the
first week of September freaking out so
automatically I start looking for new
apartments because I'm like well crap
she's gonna find something I do wrong
because immediately after she sent that
email to my business manager she said
she sent another one saying oh just so
you know like wait I'm gonna pull it up
it was about my Halloween party and
hello Melissa just a heads up
not sure if Gabby or Nikki are
considering and having a Halloween a
Halloween party next month it will not
be allowed and not as like in bold last
year Gabby hosted in quotes red carpet
sponsored party in her apartment for
Halloween and it was too much random
folks coming in and out of the building
and drinking outside of the building the
behavior was not appropriate for the
property regards and then it said her
name so she basically said if she does
anything wrong and an email prior to
that one she said if I do anything wrong
I'm again I'm gonna get kicked out and
then
an email basically saying if I have a
Halloween party here I'm gonna get
kicked out so I'm like I don't want to
live here if people are gonna be like
hunting me down my back watching my
youtube videos cuz I knew she watched
she watches my YouTube videos because
she used to tell me all the time stamps
of this and that I was doing wrong and
then now she's saying she saw my blood
queens trailer and this little two
second clip in this trailer she's using
against me enough to kick me out
I'll misplace this blame of me
unscrewing this damn door I was like I
don't want to live here anymore like I
don't so I immediately started looking
around at apartments in the area
thank God I looked around because
there's this new popping building that
is so much cuter than these so much
cuter than these these look I look like
standard suburb compared to the ones I'm
going it's right now and it's the same
exact run like the exact same rent and
it's a three-bedroom penthouse apartment
in this new building the this rent is
ridiculous this is like overrated like
everything breaks in here ask Rachel so
everything breaks in here so like it is
a blessing in disguise
back to the story so then like an idiot
Irie signed my lease because I painted
my walls like right before all this
happened I'm so annoyed but what's crazy
is I spent I don't want to say the cost
on here cuz people are gonna take away I
couldn't you could have fed children
with that money
like I don't expend beaucoup fucking
bomb I mean it's not just Peter walls
its stripes and I got like curtains hung
like I had like a special leg you spent
so much time and money on that and like
recently to like you didn't even get to
inject I kept telling like the people in
the front desk
oh I'm painting my apartment painting my
apartment I said in my vlogs all I'm
painting my entire apartment painting my
entire apartment and you know this woman
watches my vlogs like I have valid proof
she watches my vlog she knew that I had
Gina my my cleaning lady and the
painters would go in and take the extra
key table to come in like they knew this
was going on and they decided to wait
till after I painted the
entire apartment not only in one color
but in stripes I decided to add on to
painting my entire apartment and paint
my kitchen too so they knew I did all
this and they waited until after I
painted my apartment to tell me this
next email which was the blood which was
about the blood cleans trailer and the
blood Queen's trailer was posted way
before I painted my walls so they could
have spared me the thousands of dollars
I spent on painting my entire apartment
so my business manager gets the email
about the Blood Queens trailer how this
like 2 second clip is basically a huge
warning that I'm going to be kicked out
if I do one more thing wrong
like I said apparently I was doing
everything wrong even though I was
trying really hard not to it's kind of
like in school when you try really hard
in a class but you keep failing that's
how I kept feeling so I knew it was time
to start looking one week later
one week later and I'm so glad that this
week up until the week where I got the
email I was looking at apartments and I
actually found an apartment but just one
week after she sent that warning
she said Gabi had a party bus and there
is trash everywhere and Gabi should find
a new place to live this was when I I
just bought that the blog is called
iPhone X and iPhone 8 conspiracy theory
and it's where I like threw Ally her
22nd birthday on a party bus because I
explained in the story time that I never
have parties here ever ever since the
Halloween party because I am like
terrified of getting evicted like I'll
have little get-togethers with maybe
like three people or so but like or like
little pregame to three or four people
but like I have never had a party here
since the Halloween party and she went
on to say like she liked it this
lifestyle isn't tolerated I live like
I'm in a frat it was funny when I said
when the party bus pulled up and I got
on the party bus I got on the party was
like decorate the party bus for Ali's
birthday and these two girls walked by
they were like I always
these two girls gawking and like talking
a different language it's obviously like
they're talking about me but I saw them
and they looked at me straight in the
eye and took out their phone and went ah
but at this point like like I don't care
I wasn't if I actually cared about
staying in this apartment I would gone
off the party bus and I would have like
told them off or something or like told
or asked them what are they doing but at
this point I didn't even care I was like
you know what this is a bus this isn't
illegal I'm not in the building and the
party bus isn't staying on the property
like we're going somewhere else so Ali
got here we threw the party everything
was great the next morning I'm gonna
read this email we've had party buses
bring us to and from DeSales yeah like
if it's okay for school it shouldn't
yeah if it's okay for school shit better
secrets property tight asses yeah listen
to this email she sends Melissa and my
business manager the next morning good
morning Melissa below is a pic of what
usually happens at our property dot dot
constant trashed by niki and gabi cars
just so you know Nikki never comes here
when she comes here nate drives her here
this is like maybe the third third or
fourth time her car her vehicle has ever
been on the property and I think it's
crazy how she knows what car is Nikki's
okay Gabby cars and we like have
different cars so I don't know what she
meant by that but it's quite possible
that it was not from the girls but
definitely from their friends but
regardless the resident is responsible
for their visitors actions they had a
party van picked them up on Saturday
night and below shows the lack of
respect and consideration they have for
the property and Nikki hasn't even moved
in yet this behavior can't continue
neither will it be tolerated it will be
best for the girls to find another
apartment to live in gabby has already
breached her lease agreement by having
people living with her that are not
listed on the lease regards so I
understand about the whole lease thing
and about how I have I even though Colin
can you aren't living with me they do
sleep over a lot so I completely
understand that but likewise I've talked
to other people that live in
and they say they have no problem having
people sleep over and having sleep over
so but what I don't like is this
condescending discriminating message
Nicki who is she to judge Nicki 1 Nicki
doesn't even live here like attack me
all you want girl cuz I live here but my
poor sister does not live here she has
nothing to do with this she attached a
photo of Nicki's car a Mickey's car and
this trash right here measure this yeah
that really upset me and I called Nicki
right away and I was like how could you
like you ruined it like Nicki's like
Gabby and I can tell when Nicki's be
like not like making anything up when
she's just being completely for it she's
like Gabi I pulled in that spot and I
saw that garbage was already there and I
remember thinking when I was making the
turn to pull in maybe I should park
somewhere else because knowing Josephine
she's probably going to associate that
with Gabi and she decided to just leave
her car there cuz she thought she was
overthinking and overanalyzing and Nicki
was so in shock that this blame was
placed on her like she somehow found a
web to put it on me so oh it must be
friends and niki and gabi like like why
is no and they weren't my they weren't
my friends all the garbage that we had
that night was in the party bus he
wasn't outside the party bus wasn't
anywhere near that parking spot I have
kept my cool Josephine and her talking
down to me and being very condescending
but that email did it for me and I don't
think I have ever talked to Josephine
since that email and so many people so
many people like my parents and my
business manager and my lawyer and my
friends everyone keeps telling me I
should fight this in court because I
have like all the evidence I need to
prove certain things and especially the
whole money thing on getting my money
back for my walls not all I could get
technical but it's honestly easier for
me to just take my things
go like I don't want to make a bigger
scene than I already made I love to this
apartment when I had it it was great
but at the end of the day this drama
wasn't worth it guys I cannot wait for
you to see my new apartment it is
gorgeous it's great I'm so excited it's
like not even apartments referred to as
like a penthouse it's gorgeous
when one apartment door closes the
penthouse door opens you should have
been my new location is like in like the
city area where I live so I'm excited
about that
if everybody you've logged their lives
though everybody would have been evicted
it should that you got picked apart for
like the cigarette and I feel like in my
blogs or fancy vlogs fancy videos I come
off some kind of way fancy this fancy
that designer this designer that I'm 22
years old waiting it in your face and
you're like what middle age and I it
looks it looks it looks bad I get it and
I'm not like I'm not like that people
who know me in real life know I'm not
stuck up it's just a style and I work
really hard for my style I'm actually
gonna wrap this up now because me and
Rachel have to be up or I'll see that's
another story that's another story
this is all done I'm doing a story time
on it is so funny because I had like my
okay okay stay tuned to first story time
and like the end of November exactly a
month exactly a month because that's one
of those and yeah I'll see you guys in
my next video ah I love you so so so
much
actually yeah next fancy vlog well no
the next video is a get to look video
and then a blog Queens video and
difficulty vlog so love you guys
