previously on blood queens whoever
killed Holly clearly wants to kill us to
help you
we're locked in here like hamsters so
you could save your apartment complex
meanwhile there's that killer locked in
here too will you help me my friends we
don't want to die
it's about time you're 20 minutes late
oh my god hey - where have you been
I'm looking for a bass well
three million somebody paid the hotel
three million dollars the same day the
murders happened 12 years ago well I
guess my plan is out the window
no wait we can't even open them with
them very funny stop we are actually
stuck here unless we figure out the true
reason why we're locked in here the lux
would never lost money it only made
money I mean I guess that explains how I
was able to convert to this ritzy
apartment complex even with three
million dollars I don't think you could
convert you pretty there's anything I do
know right now it's that our landlord
lied to our faces oh we got waffle I
wouldn't jump too quick guys I'm gonna
have to agree with Gaby on this one he
knows something's up he's got to whoever
was in charge of the banking statements
was paid to have the murders have enough
a comes my girls separately for a second
when I was looking through the files of
all the murders that have been here in
Lux with 12 years ago one death
particularly stood out to me this girl
named Daniela she was murdered in the
gym of the lux wouldn't only tend some
workers would have access to that room
which means that the killer would have
to be a tenant or worker it was most
likely a worker because well so that the
hotel was shut down for the party oh and
Danielle had a daughter that mostly he
was murdered that night too except no
one knows because they couldn't find her
body
the daughter went missing that night too
and it gets worse the killer killed
everybody else in the Victoria sweep
back then and that's the same as X wheat
Holly was murdered in which probably
means the killer has the key to all the
apartments right now which probably
explains all the deaths in the hallway
last night which probably means the
killer has the key to this apartment too
but why hasn't tried to kill us yet
again how long have you known Alice
Starr
how long have you known garbage boy
they're gone man
what kind of music services now that
I've seen the kills just like a clown I
think it's related
yeah well why don't we get her clothes
these are our love's - no comprendo well
let me put it this way just because
you're not capable of getting a
boyfriend yourself doesn't mean you have
to go back for you you're pretty and all
but your brain capacity is nearly
brain-dead which makes me miss worthless
as my mom's mentally disabled was
cleaning lady so let me put it this way
tell me why should we listen to this
boyfriend this mongoloid I mean you're
not any better take away you're a bad
bleach job and my clothes are wearing
then you're pretty basic but hey all the
best to you he managed to get a garbage
boy well I mean it would make sense
that's why he picked you up
what do you mean is helping them Oh
love it off the market for with your
nose Roger
I'm sorry oh I'm good
how are you it's you but but how
yes no hey Scott
good job on an estimated you
next week on blood queens are you going
to tell the B squad what now Miss Piggy
it's a bigger and better things let's
get a fucking match
