hey guys oh my gosh so I did a thing I
promised this video is not pre-recorded
it's not old
see look at my nails I haven't had these
nails yet yes I did say hashtag
indecisive gap so yes I made a little
bit of a change that is because I was
watching blood queens and I was just
like I miss my old hair I've been a
blonde for a little bit by now but you
guys haven't known that because I
haven't been vlogging on here because
blood queens has been coming up on the
channel and I haven't been really
posting recent pics to instagrams so yes
I have a blonde for quite a bit yeah
didn't mean to throw you guys off but
yes I'm a blonde now I'm a blonde again
I'm gonna be blonde for Halloween I'm
gonna be blonde for Christmas because my
hair is blonde again I'm like you know
what what better way than to do a blood
queens video mixed with my new hair
color so I'm gonna be doing my Gaby
Oberlin hair styles for you guys I'm
gonna teach you how to do that and I'm
gonna show you guys some hairstyles that
I've been doing with this blonde hair
that got me really excited for blood
cleans and these are hairstyles I'm
gonna continue to do with this blonde
hair so if you want to learn how to do
these hairstyles then keep watching I've
never done a hair cells video in my life
before
so I'm sorry that's bad
so this is hair that like I've slept on
I had a blowout yesterday and it was all
pretty and now it's all funky and it's
going every which way now so the first
hairstyle you can pretty much do with
whatever kind of hair I'm kind of like
in this loose like messed up toss will
look so I'm not gonna touch the bottom
for this first hairstyle this first one
is super simple and I did this a lot in
blood queens they're like these little
twists where you take the front part of
your hair and Chanel Oberlin does this a
lot to where you just twist twist twist
and then you pin in the back so it looks
like you have a half up down hairstyle
but you don't and I got these fun cute
little pearl bobby pins that are gold
you just pin it like that and then you
take the other side and you twist twist
twist twist twist and you pin it like
that and it looks like this
the next few hairstyles do require
heating tools so I'm going to be using
the thirty two millimeter Pro Series
curling wand and I'm also going to be
using the impulse hair straightener you
guys know I'm a huge fan of dual hair
products I've been using duval for years
you guys have known this from all my
past blogs I always provide coupon codes
for you guys so you can afford the
things that I buy yet again I'm going to
put some coupon code down below for you
guys to have fun and shop this is the
packaging that they come in I think
they'd make really cool Christmas gifts
so yeah I'll keep that coupon code down
below for you guys it's Gd black like it
always is and 75% off like my coupon
code always allows you guys so you're
welcome so I'm gonna take the thirty two
millimeter wand and I'm gonna go around
my head and make these really cute
delicate soft waves that Chanel always
wears this hairstyle I didn't learn her
blood queens this is a Chanel Oberlin
hairstyle she had very soft waves like
this and I'm just gonna create this all
around my head I always just select the
hair and like uneven amounts and just
grab it run my fingers through it so
it's soft and then just wrap it around
after you've curled your hair you don't
want to use a hairspray because then
it's gonna harden the hair you do want
this to fall and lay very softly this is
a half up hairstyle so I'm gonna focus
on the front of the half up hairstyle
first before I show you the back you're
going to want to section it so that you
have a side part even when you bring the
hair back so I like to twist like I did
earlier and ten right here except now
I'm doing one that goes down like an X
so it holds it in place now I'm going to
take a comb and I'm gonna part my hair
back here and I'm going to tease it a
little bit underneath to help give it
some volume if you don't know what that
is you've got a comb and you kind of
just pick out your hair like this and
you aim it downwards oh my gosh
now I'm gonna brush over my hair
and it's gonna give it that like move
usually I use hairspray but this is day
two hair so I don't need it I had
hairspray in my hair yesterday you know
I'm gonna collect the hair to the back
of my head and now I'm gonna take a
little black elastic you want it so it's
tightly over the tops of your ears and
it should look low like this so it
should look just like this now have
another elastic I'll turn around for
this part you're going to take the hair
and make a hole and then flip it up into
a loop
it should look just like this after you
get your hair in a little bun like this
you want to pin it up right like this
divide it in half and pin it on each
side of your head like this
now you want to take this hair right
here that's hanging down did you want to
insert it into the hole
and then you take the bobby pins out
and then you use those bobby pins to pin
this loop you justice
if you want to get creative you could
add a little pearl into the middle of
your bow so this last hairstyle is in
the last episode of blood queens and I
did leave my tie to the side bang
because this hairstyle involves that as
well so I'm gonna pull back my hair
again this time I'm gonna take a big
hair tie to secure my hair and instead
of making a ponytail I'm going to right
away start twisting my hair after I
collect my hair
and I'm going to start spinning my hair
around in a circle
now I'm just gonna tie a messy bun right
here so it should look messy it should
it look neat it should look all over the
place so after you do your messy bun you
want to take a hair accessory like this
like a chain with two bobby pins on
either side
Chanel Oberlin where the slaw and I
recreated this one that Chanel Oberlin
does so you want to pin it close to your
bobby pin where you pin your bangs and
you want to drag it over the bun and
down want to hook it right here so it
should look like this so you could
either let it go and let it look like
this like Chanel would do but in my show
blood queens I decided to do a long
braid down the back on top ends here so
and you're going to take a rubber band
like so and now I'm taking my Jew ball
straightener and I'm just going to
straighten the end of my hair because
it's still curled from before I'm just
gonna brush it softly this is my blood
clean hair style from the last episode
alright guys that was my first ever hair
style video it seems like 2013 let me
know the comments down below if you like
this if you like this kind of video if
you haven't subscribed please make sure
to subscribe and stay tuned for more
blood queens episodes and just stay
tuned for amazingness for this season
and AK season Halloween and Christmas
they're my best season so if I were you
I would subscribe so yeah love you guys
so much and stay tuned for my next fancy
block bye
