previously on blood queens
we have poly killed Anson is during an
event at our
maybe to go to the last floor in the
complex oh yeah with the other 100
struggling tenants it's like a cell
tower fell down and lost its boner
I would Google with the issue is but I
can't with no service maybe open the
window
what part o'clock didn't don't you
understand
whoever killed Holly clearly wants to
kill us too have you even stepped foot
out its apartments - ran in here last
night I'll go check out the scene if you
step out of the apartment first that way
but you die I know not to step out
your footsteps are already loud it is
because you're a whale so don't say
anything
may I help you uh yeah you can first
start by explaining why this place is
emptier the boss cops - why we're locked
in here like inmates and three why the
service is non-existent at Ali's thigh
gap excuse me miss and where are those
pictures on the ground keep it down I
understand what happened in this
guillotine sin is frightening you don't
want to startle any more tenants I'd
prefer if we keep it on the down-low and
do you understand what's that supposed
to mean
unfortunately you are all under lockdown
into the lux wood can figure out how to
mask what happening to Holly it's an
awful thing the word cannot get out
otherwise the hotel will be shut down
for good I'm sorry girls so let me get
this straight
we're locked in here like hamsters so
you could save your apartment complex
meanwhile there's that killer locked in
here too um slow down there girls and I
do recommend being quiet for that very
reason and there's nothing I can do
you'd have the chicken over the head and
in order to do so many would need
service which is just as on existent as
your patients now if you do not mind I
need to take this phone call
the Alastair Reynolds like the Julien
Ayers and run all the Reynolds hotels
celebrities aren't photographed and
paparazzi photos and booked all the time
in front of their hotels
money makes the romantic
you what were you two just talking about
nestled in your business that wasn't
miss uh yeah it is our business if
you're being all secretive after someone
was just murdered I'm in the same boat
as you
I want to get the hell out of you too
but I have a plan and I think it'll work
will you help me you my friends we don't
want to die I will help you for return
the favor
girl this is the Alastair Reynolds his
parents only own the multi-million
hotels in the country but you can call
me star he has a plan to help us get out
of here what you girls are gonna have to
be very careful we have to play it safe
because obviously we have a killer in
here with us too so it's gonna make our
kind of a bit more truth if you girls
want to escape with me you're gonna have
to dress like means to bypass the
security cameras we're gonna go down to
the first floor I'm gonna approach the
landlord and distract him he and I get
along pretty well so it won't seem
unusual you girls are going to tiptoe
downstairs into the basement where all
the files lie about this building the
files are down the steps and behind the
bookshelf of tenants information you
girls will have to split up I need
someone to search for the file that
holds the information with how much
money the lux would lost after the
murders at the party in the 90s
I'm going to offer the landlord the
money that was lost back there along
with the money that will potentially be
lost when the news gets out about Holly
I need someone on the computer in the
basement that holds all of the hotels
banks things I needed to print out the
statements as validity to my office I
know there's three of you so whoever is
the odd one can stick with whoever she
wants to and I suppose one of you will
be alone
thank you
scolex
next week on blood queens is someone not
a cleaning service somebody paid the
hotel three million dollars the same day
the murders happened 12 years ago again
how long have you known a love star how
long have you known garbage boy tell me
what do you mean is helping them stop
good job I underestimated you but did
you change the plan
