hey hey now
beautiful
hey guys greetings from my closet it's
actually the day before Valentine's Day
and Colin and I are about to go away to
New Hope PA and we love New Hope we're
actually going to a cottage I'm so
excited I did some braids in my hair
because I don't want to like be busy
doing my hair I want to like spend time
with Colin I also am probably not gonna
wear makeup if I do it'll be very
minimal and just like in such a good
mood I don't know if you guys follow me
on Twitter but I just started a raw diet
five days ago and I'm feeling really
healthy and energized and my skin is
cleared up so much I feel like I don't
need to wear makeup and the purpose I'm
doing that is honestly for a video I'm
doing 14 days on a raw diet and the
before and after and my experience and
if I like it I'll stick with it I'm
gonna talk about that in another video
but for now I'm gonna show you guys
something funny I stuffed my Louis
Vuitton duffel bag with all these
designer boxes up here because I didn't
know what to do with the boxes I didn't
want to get rid of them because they
were like way too pretty and like it
looks cute when it's stuffed and looks
full and it's just sitting up there like
I'm this space so when Colin and I leave
Kenny's coming over cuz he does still
live with me and I think I'm just gonna
leave all these boxes like this I'm
gonna use it as like bait or like a test
I feel like if I just pack this bag up
and leave but leave all these boxes here
I feel like he's totally gonna like set
these up in an arrangement and take like
a little Instagram picture like can't
you see Kenny doing that like this would
be a cute Instagram picture but it's
just like so Kenny I'm just gonna leave
it like this to see if Kenny just ends
up taking a picture and I you know go
get my for me just gonna be packing on
camera oh guys I ended up buying this if
you guys watch my futur secret
semi-annual sale shopping for
Valentine's Day I ended up buying this
you guys know me very well this is my
Valentines Day lingerie so yeah you guys
know me
I'm the packing pearl guys this all fits
yeah
pawn and I made it to our Airbnb and
it's basically a bunch of little
cottages this is one cottage there's a
few of them but we chose our cottage is
called the Gothic cottage and they're
all a part of this like cottage
community in New Hope PA I found it on
Airbnb I can link it down below if you
guys want to stay here it is so
beautiful this is our cottage but before
I show you the inside of our cottage I'm
gonna just give you a little tour and
that I'll show you during the day
because I'm sure it's just as beautiful
during the day it's just so cute little
tables my favorite part is this gate in
the front over here yeah we're gonna
have to show you in the morning I don't
think we can get to the other side look
at the ground I'm all like the torches
look at the vines and the bricks over
here is like a little courtyard you
can't see it because it's night and then
there's another gate over there the
wreath on it and I'll show you all this
during the day it's stunning it looks
like you're in Europe this is called
like English cottages and New Hope if
you're looking on air beat me that's how
it looks
I'm so excited to show you guys the
cottage imagine when it snows it's
probably so pretty
welcome to our creep see you walk in and
there's a little bathroom to the left so
everything so tiny this is the sitting
area Colin got me flowers in a balloon
what did you say that's not all you got
me oh there's a boy we have the Olympics
on the TV we love Winter Olympics so
much look at this little like eating
nook it's so tiny I look Vegas no you
look small in it
I bet you're not even so no bet not
happy Valentine's Day guys I am
currently in the little hobbit hole
kitchen with collie with how cute it is
guys this is what Colin got me last
night I didn't want to film it cuz I
wanted it to be special but look how
awesome of a boyfriend I have oh you're
so cute I love it
he made me a blanket and it says Romeo
and Juliet and there's pictures of us
these are my favorite pictures of us the
one in the pool painting outside formal
and then down here it says star-crossed
lovers I love this Renaissance Fair
picture that's my favorite picture of us
yes and then the one from our
anniversary call you're so cute and
Mickey made a jar and he put like a
stuffed animal
Reese's Swedish Fish rose petals
decorations pajamas sure and then he got
me roses yeah I'm lost because the
pajama shorts were way to put it but
it's okay they're still comfy he's so
good and then he got me rowena fits you
and you got me a balloon that says I
love you Collin thank you so much and
this is where I put his present and he
opened it so first she got me this Blue
Lagoon soundtrack and we love the movies
really good if you haven't seen you guys
should go watch it it's like a tropical
beach getaway kind of thing it's why we
went to Bermuda and soundtracks in that
video to know that she painted me this
picture of us I love it's so good you're
so gonna pay me are you sure I felt
loved it really gave me it could have
been a super fail like I feel like the
detail you put in like your hair like
all the textures are I'm like scared
that it looks like a little like fifth
grader art project
no it's good it actually looks good very
very good I actually put makeup on my
face and I put like I shadow to make the
armor look metallic and if you love it I
put it Mac glitter it for the key looks
so good oh that's us if you guys don't
know and I put little Mole by his ear
reckon if I go Looby there right there
Oh guys this is the little cottage
community during the day this is our
cottage there's a little pond
there there's Colin taking pictures I'm
sick guys back away oh you got a nice
model there oh you're cute so this is
the little courtyard we were trying to
show you it's nutty it's so pretty it's
like a little fairy tale oh my gosh wow
it's so pretty during the day it's like
Lord of the Ring and I haven't even seen
that movie yet but it's giving me like
those kind of vibes look at this little
Hobbit door
hey guys so I haven't been vlogging as
much today because I've been really
enjoying my day with this slide and on
another note I don't know if you can
tell but my sickness started kicking in
and I am super congested in my nose and
I have a really bad cough I mentioned at
the antique shop that I'm sick I didn't
mention that at the beginning of the
vlog because like it was able to hide on
my blog how sick I am but it's to the
point where I can't hide it anymore
because like my nose just got congested
it wasn't like that last night or
yesterday during the day but I have been
sick for at least three days now I don't
think it's the flu because it's more
like what do you call it it's more like
a head cold thing like I'm not throwing
up or like having the runs or anything
so I'm just like having trouble
breathing on my nose my asthma is
flaring up because of this cold I think
it's a cold
I don't know I'll keep you updated on
like what's wrong with me and what my
illness is but I wanted to show you we
went antique shopping and these are the
things that I bought so this is a
nightgown and it looks like this it's so
pretty I'm gonna wear this tonight Colin
help me pick it out this is a cute
little apron I totally thought of like
Valentine's Day but I saw it but it's
just so cute and you guys know I love to
bake all the time so I just yeah thought
I should buy it and I collects I collect
vintage aprons I have a whole section in
my vintage room and I got two cute
little hat boxes I think I want to put
this one in my vintage closet and I want
to put this box this hat box I don't
know if you can tell us blush I want to
put that in my room I still have yet to
do like an updated room tour after I got
it wallpaper so I'm definitely gonna
have to do that and especially with the
hat box and everything I'm still doing
final touches to that you'll see the
closet more soon I know you saw it in my
last blog I actually had to take down my
last YouTube video because there was
like an error or something in creator
studio and I think it had to do with
because it was like mildly inappropriate
and that's not my brand that's not who I
am and yeah sorry about that guys hmm
javi fell asleep my adoption
I offer vlog for tonight so she's
actually sick right now I might tell her
she's not feeling well
but she has a feet and she put up a food
court I take care of her before tomorrow
hopefully she feels better but I mission
finish quaggan for today I don't know
she's picky about that stuff and she's
not gonna have a transition for the
morning so I'm gonna say goodnight fuck
about the most amazing that guy's an
actor Valentine's Day hey guys so I'm
currently at my parents house as you can
see I haven't blogged since like
dinnertime yesterday like right before
Colin and I had dinner I've logged and I
was telling you guys how all these cold
symptoms kind of just started hitting me
like I've been feeling kind of sick for
like the last four or five days since in
New York Fashion Week
I actually got sick twice during New
York Fashion Week and I just thought
like here's my period whatever but it
didn't hit me that like it could be the
flu I didn't realize that the flu could
hit you like progressively harder and
harder and then you peak and then you
feel better and then you feel worse
again and stuff like that but long story
short I guess I junks myself because I
most likely have the flu I mean I get my
results back in 24 hours and I'll keep
you guys posted whether I do or do not
but I actually ended up going to the ER
this morning let me just tell you the
story of what happened since I last
blogged I ate dinner of Colin and then
we were about to watch a movie or
something and all of a sudden I just
felt like a ton of bricks hit me in the
head I already had a runny nose I
already had body aches all day for the
last three days and I already had nausea
but this cough that I had very lightly
became deeper and I couldn't walk from
all the body aches and the fever went up
it was just a mess and I was waking up
every hour last night saying : help me I
don't feel good call her going to like I
am so annoying when I'm sick I get so
scared I'm such a wimp and Colin is such
a trooper like he was there with me all
night taking care of me but then at 5:00
a.m. I turned to him and I was like we
need to go home I don't feel well so
Colin kindly wakes up at 5:00 a.m.
packed the car up we leave the Airbnb at
5:00 a.m. week
to the ER at like 6:30 7:00 they take us
in around like 7:30 8:00 and we were
there all the way until 11:30 noon
basically they said that I have all the
flu symptoms and I've been sick for
apparently quite some time so it wasn't
worth testing they said but I still
urged to have the test because I just I
would like to know if I have the flu or
not they said even if I do have the flu
it's too late to take Tamiflu because
I've been sick for more than 48 hours
and yeah it just sucks
I mean I've I seem fine right now
because they gave me so many fluids and
liquid motrin through my arm and I'm
just very hydrated right now but earlier
I was a mess that's why I didn't even
blog in the ER I also don't want you
guys to like feel sorry for me or any of
that I don't want to seem like I'm
looking for attention but for those of
you who wonder why I'm like sick all the
time and didn't know this I have a real
crap immune system because I posh
emoto's and my thyroid
so my antibodies are always out of whack
so that's why I got my flu shot back in
October because you guys remember I told
you that I just can't get sick I can't
get the flu because when something hits
me it hits me hard yeah and it was just
a long morning Collins passed out right
here I'm gonna insert a clip right here
it's so cute Collin was sleeping next to
me in the ER he's such a good boyfriend
I need to credit him give him some
recognition for not only getting like
one hour of sleep because he's taking
care of me all night but for driving an
hour to the ER and then spending hours
with me in the ER he was so cute he was
cuddled up with me holding my hand with
the little stuffed animal he got me for
Valentine's Day yeah my Valentine's Day
took a drastic freaking turn I wasn't
expecting it to end up like this oh my
god I didn't even realize Lily was
sitting there oh hey princess
hi but it is what it frickin is just be
germ cautious I wasn't when I was in New
York City and apparently that's where
like a lot of flu cases are so I just
should have been careful I don't think
I'm gonna blog more because I'm sick so
I apologize if this vlog is sure it is
what it is like I said but hey next
fancy vlog I think it's gonna be in my
closet or it might be in LA I don't know
I'll keep you posted it's gonna be
within the next three or four days so
yeah as long as I'm feeling better if
I'm not feeling better
that's guys about those laws I love you
guys so much and I hope you guys had an
amazing Valentine's Day and stay tuned
for a minute safety blog
you
