we kiss me brother
good morning LA yes I'm in my LA
apartment for those of you who don't
know this I also live in Los Angeles
this is my pervy messy bed make it look
cuter with that take out my room is
pretty plain here because I'm barely
ever here I got a Chanel lamp and I got
some shoes let them eat cake
this is like a Marie Antoinette themed
room the one and only is right there on
my wall not very proud of how
disorganized I am here and I still bring
a suitcase because I don't have as many
things here as I need so yeah I'm in my
jack skeleton onesie this thing never
leaves me especially during the
Halloween season why should I wear any
other pajama you're probably all
wondering why my hair makeup are done
well actually my hair is not done
scratch that you are all probably
wondering why my makeup is done that's
because today is the Streamy award and
Nikki and I are nominated for the
lifestyle category and we're presenting
an award so like I have to read a
teleprompter and I'm probably gonna trip
while walking upstage and I'm probably
gonna mess up words that are right in
front of me I'm having a really hard
time picking out what hairstyle I should
wear I think I'm gonna do it in a bun
because I've never done that for like a
carpet event before so here we have hair
then we have nails look how cool and
then we have Nikki getting her makeup
done by Samuel hey this is the behind
the beat we have squishy over here the
lighting is always super yellow in here
but I swear is all white so before I get
my hair done I'm gonna like unmad my
extensions with this I tend to do this
every morning I have like an event or
something nice going on but I should
probably start using this every day and
bring it from my LA apartment to home so
pretty much it's a hairbrush but you
connect it to a bug and it heats up I
need to let this sit I want to do like
200 degrees I'm gonna brush my hair
first and then I'm gonna go to forget
when it's time this is what I mean when
I say my sections are matted it would be
so embarrassed to let someone go through
my hair with their own brush like if I'm
having an event or something this has
more volume to my hair so I like to use
this because activity to the Russian
ratio that's why my hair is smoother
than using an actual brush for instance
though I don't know if you guys watch
the bachelor or bachelorette pad ice but
I saw current using one of these in her
it's the story I was so interested so I
DM vanity planet on Instagram and they
sent me this that's how I discovered
what these are and honestly now I can't
go back to regular hairbrush
I don't know why forgetting you are you
guys getting ASMR for me brushing my
hair my fingers are going right through
I've been hearing that noise already
maybe no idea with eyes and as you guys
know I never show you things that I like
to using I must have a coupon code for
you guys so if you click down below you
could see if 50% off and only get this
for $40 so yes you're welcome
hey handsome so this is the result
wearing a bun I have my bow dress on
with flowers this is the clutch I'm
going to be carrying it looks just like
my bed just a perfume I'm wearing
obviously these are my nails the way
traffic is being early traffic
we need the queen fancy in my fancy law
so my sister and I have been asked to
present the Streamy Award for dance with
channel views totaling nearly 2 billion
it's clear these nominees have all the
right moves whether it's teaching packs
to do classes or choreographing the
latest viral craze these creators hustle
on and off the dance floor to reach new
heights here is game theorists with a
bone-chilling look at the Streamy
nominees for dance so we are back from
the streamys we were too tired to go to
the streamys afterparty like I don't
feel good like I just feel so nauseous
and tired I'm just like I want to go to
bed since in the morning we have Shane
Dawson's podcasts yay and then we're
going to Disneyland in the evening
because he's never been and I've never
been to like Disneyland when it's
Halloween / fall time so the streamys
was sponsored by 23andme which is like
an ancestry like website or something
and this is a saliva collection kit so
they basically had these DNA tests
sitting like spread out all over the
table that's such a random company to
sponsor the streamys I mean hey everyone
grab the box like I dead-ass like want
us to try out this to see if like we're
related do you think we could be related
no but I hear horror stories like that
really boyfriend and girlfriends will
like do a DNA test no you're like Gabi
have you ever heard that you're lying
there is no way you'd ever heard no it
happens to people like don't be like in
love and then all of a sudden they're
like oh my god you're like my eighth
cousin I mean yeah it's happening yeah
but you have not seen that firsthand
no not that I say first hand no I didn't
honey marry what a swapping spit can we
try it I try it's a one-person kid I
believe why does it work what is it it's
already prepaid - so let us know in the
comments down below if you think there's
a chance me and Colin could be related
on some of my blogs people tell me we
look alike doesn't mean I don't but no
when I dress up like a guy in pretending
to be a guy in the boys locker room blog
if you haven't seen that
a lot of people told me that I look like
you when I just think the guy I've seen
it in some pictures but not on that we
have very profound snouts mm-hmm oh hey
brother okay good morning guys so I'm up
and ready and I got my coffee and we're
about to go to Shane Dawson's podcast
Nikki and I are gonna be on it so is the
gabbie show you guys didn't know that
she's one of my friends so she's gonna
be in a fancy book
Colin is a very sleepy baby right now
and he's still in bed brother so this is
what I'm wearing it's like this cute
black and white skirt with a lavender
leotard a choker and some like fur heel
things look how cute this like behind
the scenes is this is such a cute little
like set do you guys film in all these
yeah
Wow a bunch of sets
you never speak it's definite never know
what could be wish I could show you how
but you're just a ghost
now I'm gonna jettison my part of
karaoke we're just time to let it go you
let me alone I wanna hug me but it
doesn't be for me no more it's time to
let go you let me love
holding me down it's burning me out I'm
begging for some mother carry you back
drowning in silence when I'm lost in the
crowd every sweet thing you never speak
its deafening never know what could be
wish I could show you how but you're
just a ghost now bird goes let it go
nicholae cover by Nikki
