they send out an automatic virus to
every iPhone
it's Gabby if you don't know who I am
you should totally subscribe I'm kind of
fancy and so on my blog so I just woke
up to a crap ton of packages so as you
guys know I still have the iPhone 6s oh
my gosh guys my phone has been glitching
so so much since the new iPhone X and
iPhone 8 have let me know in the
comments down below if your phone keeps
freezing ever since the new iPhones have
been promoted like what is going on here
the hell go alright I'm gonna restart my
phone anyways now that I got that fixed
I want to show you guys all the phone
cases I just bought don't know if you
guys know this but I've been using this
phone case for like five months now and
I never want to change it because the
bumper so good protects my phone a lot
enough is enough I've had this phone
case for like five months and I decided
to go crazy because all of these phone
cases are so affordable so I got a bunch
of these forums Apple so here I'm gonna
go one at a time and show you guys
they're very thin so it won't make your
phone thick like this one does so this
is the phone case I was just showing you
look how thin it keeps my phone and you
could still see the rose gold this is my
favorite one so far I also like this one
cuz it looks like a Ted Baker phone case
but it's nowhere near that price it's
very cheapest one really protects your
phone but it's so thin look so Ted Baker
yes I think I'm gonna keep this one on
oh wait I changed my mind guys this pink
marble phone case is so smooth I think
this is the one that I'm gonna keep on
my phone tonight this is the thinnest
one I put on my phone it's like lace oh
it's so pretty
if you guys want the same phone cases
I'll link everything down below ooh
the rose gold peeping through this foggy
plastic looks so pretty it's like a
pastel pink so I ended up sticking with
a tech Baker case and now I'm gonna go
to my parents house and Nikki and I are
gonna film a niki and gabi video so by
all means come get ready with me
so this is what my makeup looks like but
on a serious note I do want to talk to
you guys I feel like we just need this
top because I love you guys so much I
feel like this is something I need to
address I care about you guys more than
I care about myself
sounds very unhealthy but I put you guys
before everything in my life you guys
are my life sorry if I sound sick in the
most popular comment I see on my videos
is that my videos help distract you from
your depression or that you guys are
very depressed and that my videos bring
you some kind of light and although I
love bringing that for you I do worry
about you guys I get really really
really worried for you guys because once
upon a time I was struggling with
depression myself and I didn't know how
to get out of it depression is something
that lingers and without the appropriate
care and professional help
it'll linger there and it could destroy
your life although I love the fact that
my videos are able to help you in this
kind of way I do want to spread
awareness that this is a real thing and
this needs real help if you have
depression you need help I'm gonna share
something that helped me when I was
going through my problems and it was
this app called better help and working
with them on this video because you need
to know that I genuinely used this app
and that I'm not doing this for anything
but to help you guys so pretty much when
I was struggling with my depression
therapy was so expensive at the time
it's $200 a session $200 just to meet
one time and talk to someone well this
is $35 a week it enables you to message
or video call with a therapist that they
set up with you according to all the
questions they ask you upon getting on
the app I know I was always too afraid
to go to therapy I always thought it was
it's like too expensive I didn't feel
like wasting my money not knowing if it
was gonna help me or not you'll also see
it's very LGBT supportive I picked the
counselor affiliated with Catholicism
because I'm Catholic I know a lot of you
guys asked that in videos you get to
pick your counselor depending on a lot
of factors it's not like you're just
paying to go visit an office with a
random stranger that you know nothing
about like that used to freak me up all
therapists aren't licensed and there's
four ways to meet with them you could
video call which is what I did and
of course messaging texting and phone
call and this app offers unlimited
services so yeah that's pretty much why
I chose that instead of seeing an actual
therapist I would message my therapist
every day and it was very helpful it
helps me on tour when I was really busy
and couldn't find even time to meet with
someone just want to put that out there
because I love you guys and although I
do love making you happy I am like a
worried mother when I see comments like
that I'm just like I want my family to
be alive and healthy and strong I love
you guys so much and I'm gonna go film
with Nikki right now so hey guys so we
just got to our producers house and now
we're filming a niki and gabi video in
her basement for our next Halloween
video this is what Halloween filming
looks like all of this I've never been
this costume before psyche yes I am
totally reppin the next niki and gabi
video and it's obviously a Halloween
video so I'm gonna update you guys
pretty much Ali is having a surprise
party tonight at B squad starring it Nia
Nash and we're all gonna go on a party
bus and Nash and I are gonna decorate
the whole bus and I'm gonna have all her
presents sitting on the bus when she
gets on it it's this cute little luxury
bus so I have to go home and like set
all that stuff up
hey guys live from my closet so this is
what I'm doing right now so the party
bus is out front and Ali comes in an
hour so oops so I'm wrapping her gifts
but I started rapping when I was on the
phone but I'll show you I got moonlight
by ariana grande for her
I got her Chanel earrings they look like
this and I got her the lavender back a
highlight that I like this is a happy
birthday side I'm gonna hang in the
party bus with a boa and then this is
her crown then I got this cute top that
I saw at Free People that reminded me of
Ali that I'm gonna put those in here
I suck at rapping oh my god I even here
we go this perfect
oh my gosh this is rap so bad all right
this is the best I'll do this is awful
no this is bad so these are her presents
right now
I did as best as I could with this box
on another note I don't know if this
happens to you but whenever a new iPhone
comes out or they start promoting a new
iPhone 4 iPhone just keeps freezing and
messing up I didn't even download the
new iOS yet because so many people who
downloaded the new iOS onto their like
iPhone 6 or 7 say it slows down your
phone and it makes you want to buy the
new phone even my phone without the
update all of a sudden just like stopped
working the way it used to
I can't even text my friends right now
that are coming because my phone it's
frozen and I keep turning it off and
turning it on and this keeps happening
so my theory is that Apple wants to sell
their phones and they want people to buy
their phone too like they send out an
automatic virus to every iPhone to slow
down any phone that's not an iPhone 8 or
iPhone X or whatever new iPhones coming
out so that people end up buying the
newer phones because they think their
phones getting dated and their phone is
slowing down but in reality I think like
Apple's just messing with people I
purposely didn't get an iPhone 7 because
I told myself I want to get an iPhone 8
because the iPhone 7 is so similar to
the iPhone 6 but like at the same time
now I'm kind of pissed because I'm
catching on my friends are catching on
all of us are catching on and we're like
that's kind of shady like I love my
iPhone 6 cuz I have a headphone jack and
so far so good I haven't I had no
problems with it let me know in the
comments down below if you agree with me
so here's Ally's but thank you so this
is what I have set up for Sally so we're
on the bus and
for a leash a bitch
my gosh yeah
this is our bodyguard and he always
comes out with us he's so cute yes we're
going to the Broadway social that's not
now put your way what you wear what
you're waiting for
