I don't want to get caught so I dressed
like a dude
that moment awareness your AC's on and
it looks like you're in the middle of a
photo shoot hey guys I'm Gabby welcome
to my channel I'm about to get Starbucks
and I'm heading to my parents house cuz
Nikki and I are filming a video this
lighting is so good and for those of you
who saw my last video where I was trying
out the fenty beauty products yes I'm
still wearing plenty beauty today I'm
freaking obsessed so I got to my parents
house a little early Nikki and I are
gonna be filming a niki and gabi video
today and I have this little munchkin
right here a lot of you guys keep asking
where's Lilly and the truth to that is
this past week has been Nikki's week
with Lilly but I'm bringing her home
with me after I'm done filming today Hey
so we just got done filming an intro for
a niki and gabi halloween video hence
the cat ears I think you all know what
I'm supposed to be right now then again
I can't give away what kind of video
Nikki and I are doing for our main
channel but at the same time I wanna get
you guys excited can you guess who we
are all my blog people are like wow niki
and gabi do so we're always like doing
random we're always dressing up like
people yeah I was what I used to eat
frozen waffles all the time okay so I'm
in my car and I'm gonna stop and get
some makeup remover wipes because we ran
out What's Wrong Willie I also have a
little girl
it's wrong
when she doesn't recognize where we are
she freaks out so now I'm like so sad to
go in there
all right so I just got my belongings
from Walgreens now I'm gonna head home
hey guys so I am back at my apartment it
is literally like Christmas morning cuz
look what I came home to so if you don't
know what this is this is Ariana
Grande's new fragrance and then I got a
Becca highlighter the lavender one and
2-faced sent me a present
hopefully this smells as good as the
song sound slab and her pom-pom so I'm
super happy about that it smells very
vanilla sandalwood and like wine or
something Lilly mama has surprised for
you do you know what it is I got you
toys I'm gonna put the glam Swarovski
harness on low right now
look at that Lillian Rose you look so
pretty you look so stylish and your
harness is you do so you're probably
wondering where I am right now and I'm
actually at school because me and this
one Kenny have class in the morning and
on Tuesdays Thursdays it's so early in
the morning that we just have to veg in
a friend's room and sleep pewter and all
honesty like we have really good friends
here and saying thankfully our friend is
letting us stay with him on the nights
you need to wake up early
long story short this is a Catholic
college so girls aren't allowed in the
guys dorm after a certain time so if I
get caught here then I'm screwed and our
friend who is generously letting us stay
here will probably get in trouble so I
should probably stop filming right now
before we all get in trouble but I just
wanted to give you a heads up I'm gonna
be filming class tomorrow morning also
I'm gonna try to get some like footage
of class Kenny you should tell them what
we do for customer so first of all you
bribe their face no makeup like natural
I don't know if I mentioned yet but it's
a makeup class tomorrow
that's our class that's super early in
the morning the rule is you have to go
in like no makeup bare face and you know
how Kenny and I are and tomorrow's not
even a practice day like tomorrow's just
a day we just sit and watch the
instructor show us how to do the makeup
so that metric model yeah they bring in
a model and do the makeup on the model
and then next class get to do ourselves
and then the class after that we get
tested on doing it on ourselves so next
week's a practice class but tomorrow
like we're not even putting the makeup
on ourselves so I feel like we should we
should go in with makeup on tomorrow for
fees are you yeah I'm gonna maybe wipe
it off and I didn't shave my mustache I
we she makes K me shaving massage is it
there some lady no this is our crib for
the night hey why do I feel like I'm in
she's the man right now we I need to
take my hair down
guys this is ish by the way hi this is
Kenny you guys know Donna so I have to
go to the bathroom and I don't want to
get them in trouble and I don't want to
get caught so I dressed like a dude I
feel like I'm and she's the man right
now I took off my makeup do I look like
a dude yo dude
so this is our classroom look it up wait
disguise our school bag this price
accompany the textbook is okay yeah
this is the theater building it's so
cute
can you just got yelled at for using his
phone in class I always got in trouble
for being on my phone in high school
should I go ahead and get the eyelash
extensions I used to wear them but then
I felt like they made my eyes droop we
didn't do our makeup today I know we
said I say that we're gonna beat our
faces but we never gave
so I just got my eyelash extensions like
we had our fair share and talked about
how people in this area don't really
know what they're doing but like this is
amazing this is quality because I just
got eyelash extensions and I have a
whole makeup bag in my car I'm like so
excited I'm gonna do some natural makeup
so this is the makeup I just did I think
my eyelash extensions looks so good I'm
gonna go get my nails done
I've had these Burberry nails on for far
too long and I just got my nails done
don't want this vlog to drag out more
than I've already dragged out you guys
so much and thank you so much I'll see
you in my next fancy blog
