hey guys oh my gosh so this is a super
exciting video for me to do for you
first of all Rihanna is bad you guys
know I've been a huge diehard of Rihanna
and Ariana dam
imagine if ariana grande had her own
makeup line she needs to be next but
Rihanna has always been my girl and she
has the makeup line I don't want this
intro to be too long but if you don't
know who I am I'm Gabi hi I'm super
girly and I'm very fancy you should
totally subscribe this is my Instagram
you should totally follow me on
Instagram I'm just gonna make this quick
I'm gonna get right into it this is a
complete honest review I have not tried
any of the products yet I do have two
different kinds actually three different
kinds of highlighters I three
foundations I have three contour sticks
the concealer the brushes and the Beauty
Blender so let's get into this so I did
go ahead and order three foundations
because I did not go into the store to
buy these I'm gonna figure out which
foundation eyes she
that's two orange so I decided I'm gonna
mix the shades 360 and 230 230 is a
light sand color and 360 is like a
medium sand color I'm in like the olive
spectrum the packaging for the
foundation is very high-end it's like a
fogged glass bottle it almost feels like
a Chanel in the air foundation the
bottle so I'm just gonna mix this
foundation on my hand before I blend
this all and I just want to show you
this I'm using the fancy Beauty Blender
and it's flat on one end it's like a
cream color and it's very different in
shape it's very like sponge like it's
very bouncy
it's very satiny
okay this is a little light for me I
should have mixed the darker color and a
little more but overall this is
beautiful I'm gonna add a little more of
the darker foundation to blend that I
mean I was expecting this foundation to
be good but I was not expecting this
chanel quality foundation can tell us is
definitely like a designer brand the way
it's just sitting on my face I can tell
this is a very good foundation the
sponge is also really nice too it's
almost bouncier than like a normal
Beauty Blender I hate using Beauty
blenders that are hard I love like once
that could get really squishy this is
more spongy than a normal Beauty Blender
so if you like that then I suggest you
get this so out of a 1 through 10 I give
this foundation of 10 I'm only wearing
foundation yet I feel like I could still
walk out of the house and my face would
still look good and this Beauty Blender
I give a 10 because it's super bouncy
and I love how it's flat on the side and
it's not like domed on both ends like a
normal Beauty Blender the packaging on
this it's absolutely beautiful it's very
aesthetic I could picture this in like
Instagram photos or I could picture
these bottles looking gorgeous just
sitting on a vanity so yeah this is tena
this is a touch okay so now I'm gonna
try out the matchstick trio and I left
it in the packaging so I could show you
guys like this is how it come I have the
concealer stick the contour stick and
the highlight stick all in here the
packaging is really good-quality to guys
oh my gosh they're magnetic look how
beautiful this is
I love the shapes of all her makeup so
we're gonna try the contour stick first
I did go ahead and get a venti brush but
I can't seem to get this cover off so I
ended up having to cut the wrap off but
this is what it looks like it's
beautiful I think this is also very
aesthetic
so I just made a very stupid move
actually thought this was a contour
brush this is actually a highlight brush
and it literally says right there so I
went ahead and I took off my contour it
looks good but I want to accurately show
what each product does and this is the
Fenty Beauty concealer slash contour
brush it's so cute very aesthetic like
everything else it's an octagon shape
and it's white and it has some pink
cheeked too
this is amazing this is absolutely
amazing oh my god that blended so good
this is my little more the contour brush
for my nose
this is amazing you can tell that this
is incredible quality okay so I'm really
confused this is supposed to be a
concealer it's a little dark for
concealer but I'm going to try it out
it still looks a little dark for a
concealer for me but I'm still going to
blend this out with this brush
okay so this is definitely a little dark
for a concealer I usually like when it's
lighter under here but I guess it's
preference because these did come
together I am assuming that even though
I think that this is dark for like a
highlight or concealer color I'm
assuming it was tested in a lab and
scientifically proven to be the
corresponding highlight or contour color
one thing that I am questioning is if
this is supposed to be a highlighter cuz
it looks a little dark a little orange
II for a highlighter so I don't know
what this is but I'm going to try this
out
oh wow oh my gosh that looks beautiful
oh my gosh guys I'm not even just saying
this I think this looks so good
it looks so subtle it doesn't look like
that harsh contour it's like a very
subtle contour but you could still tell
it's contour the highlight is so dewy
and I would have never imagined to put
this color on my cheeks that's a
highlight but because it is so bronzy it
looks so rich and warm it's so pretty it
is definitely a rump shade you guys know
how I love my highlight so I'm just
gonna add a little more right here I'm
definitely impressed yeah guys I suggest
getting that trio that trio is amazing
so far everything I have reviewed is a
10 out of 10 so I'm just setting my face
with a banana powder so now it's time to
test the highlight I'm going to say that
the yellow one for last because I know I
know this is the one highlighter that
everyone's like what the hell like I
haven't no idea how this is gonna look
on my skintone but you know don't judge
a book by it's cover I didn't think the
rum stick with the cute on my cheeks but
hey it looks great I'm gonna start out
by testing fire crystal and lightning
dust so
ooh oh now I finally get to use my
highlight stick I did wash this brush
and I have a really good brush cleaner
as you've seen in my vlogs and it didn't
take the stain out so I just wanted to
put that out there I don't know if it
has to do with the brush or the contour
stick but when I go like this no product
comes off so you know what I trust it
I'm gonna try out lightning dust first
because it's a little more natural and
then I'll build with the fire crystal
oh wow
oh my gosh that is so pretty
bless Rihanna bless I don't want to take
it off but I'm gonna have to try the
other highlighter so I'm gonna have to
modify this a little bit okay I think
this powder team with a highlight a
little bit and now I'm going to try the
perlier side fire crystal oh my gosh
this is too much this is way too heavy I
mean it's pretty it's just really really
really intense I'm just gonna try to
blend all this I'm gonna add some
bronzer okay I don't like that
highlighter I like the first one I tried
so I like lightning dust I don't like
fire crystals but I can't deny that
these are super pigmented and I'm sure
other people will love that highlighter
so much I'm actually gonna give it an
iron because I truly do love the quality
of this this is amazing you get what you
pay for I'm gonna go ahead and try out
gloss balm and it's just a lip balm oh
it smells really good
I'm not gonna lie I thought this was
just gonna be some typical lip gloss but
the quality is so good guys I'm in love
with this cosmetic line I'm not just
saying this because I love Rihanna like
this is just such good quality and now
I'm on to the trophy wife
this is trophy wife I am so nervous to
put this on my face this is the color
everyone
oh my gosh oh my gosh
what I don't know how the cameras
picking it up but you could see it's
like dead yellow it's straight-up yellow
in person uh what the hell trying to
like soften it up a little with like a
powder brush I don't know it's different
because although I think it looks crazy
in real life I think it looks cute on
camera it would look super cute in a
video or photo shoot this is a five out
of five
five points for being cute for pictures
or videos and five points taken off for
looking absurd in real life alright guys
that was me testing out 90 beauty
products let me know in the comments
down below if you want to see me test
out any other beauty products overall I
think the cosmetic brand is definitely
luxury it's definitely worth the buck is
really good quality I'm very obsessed
with this cosmetic line and I'm so happy
Breanna made makeup let me know in the
comments down below if you want to see
more videos like this make sure to
follow me on Instagram Twitter
everything will be linked down below
I'll do you guys so much and I'm gonna
see you guys in my next fancy buck
