hey hey now
beautiful good morning guys so I just
woke up it is way too early to have the
actual light on in the bathroom but I'm
gonna put the light on this is creepy
anyways I had to wake up early because
Nikki and I are filming a niki and gabi
video today we have a busy schedule we
have a lot to do
I know I've showed you guys this in a
lot of my other videos but you guys know
like I'm obsessed with natural like face
products this is what I've been using
lately along with my Dior scrub you
pretty much just customize the face
products according to like what's
important to you and your skin type I'm
using the cleansing milk first just in
case I have any like leftover makeup on
my face from OC's night I never trust
makeup wipes I still have makeup on and
now I'll just use my face soap now that
I wash my face I'm ready to do my makeup
I'm gonna show you guys this natural
makeup I've been doing lately I'm gonna
wear it for the video today I want to be
like a little more natch
you guys think this is a lot of makeup
for a natural makeup look please don't
tell me that because you're just gonna
make me feel very bad
Too Faced sent me there primed and peach
skin Perfector so I like to use it as a
primer you guys know I always usually
use the Clinique foundation but Too
Faced dumped me the peach and perfect
foundation and I noticed I'm a mixture
of mocha and sand
next I'd like to fill in my eyebrows
with Anastacio Beverly Hills I don't
like to draw mine on I just like to fill
them in and go along with like the
natural eyebrow I have like that
I love the Kim Kardashian contour
palette I'm gonna take a Mac brush
because I don't really like the Kim
Kardashian brush I have really big bags
under mine so I'm going to take Tarte
tape and I'm just gonna go under man you
know my name
because I you guys know I love a pearly
nose and instead of baking my face
because this is a natural look and
Minnie is the toothpaste I want candy
banana pudding
it's so amazing especially if you have
like a yellow undertone to your skin now
I'm gonna take Rose corpse by Becca it's
pink and beautiful and broken into the
inner corners of my eyes I'm gonna put
this really peachy shimmery color all
over my lids I'm gonna use the bronzer
that I put on my cheeks into my crease
I'm gonna take my black eyeliner and I'm
just gonna do a small line up top now I
know how do you guys gonna be like oh my
god it's not a natural look if you mark
off lashes but I am filming a video with
Nicki so I want my eyes to look bigger
I'm gonna trim them and half those so
it's not as like extreme so they look
like this I'm gonna take spice by Mac
and outline my Lukey I think my makeup
has evolved from what I used to like
take it for my lips I love the Pete
cosmetics do it dual liquid lipstick so
right now I have spice on my lips by Mac
and the color that I like for my liquid
lipstick is amaretto sour and it looks
just like this lip liner smells like
cupcakes
why you like my lipstick smell like
cupcakes mmm now I'm waiting for it to
dry I don't you guys have the same
issues me but I absolutely hate when my
liquid lipstick gets hard and cracki and
dry so the reason I use this one every
day is because it comes with like clear
lip gloss on the other side you could
put on when that starts to happen and
the brush is so awesome you know what I
mean it like is like a nail polish brush
I like this down below - now I'm gonna
figure out how to get my hair super
straight for the video yay I mean this
is pretty but I want straight hair so
I'm gonna be using my duval straightener
it's super skinny and small I'll link it
down below this is my old straightener
just definitely want to do the trick I
got this one at CVS these wooden toys
straightens my hair for like three hours
and also know start seeing like waves
and I'm like dude
look how fast this yo straight in my
hair I'll be linking the straightener
down below as well hey guys um yeah
that's background the background looks a
little different but I'm not ready to
show you just yet because Nicki and I
are filming another niki and gabi video
and it is so messy in my apartment right
now like filming equipment and I don't
want my first big reveal of my changed
apartment to be like with cameras and
lighting and tripods everywhere so my
24-hour closet challenge video you guys
were amazed that Collin brought me camp
scene that I in it and if you're gonna
be watching my blogs we thought had that
honest relationship I eat I see I eat
chicken this is a decision I make for
myself I know I'm gonna get a lot of
heat for eating chicken but this is my
body that's why I choose to eat I don't
eat dark meat I haven't eaten dark meat
in like four years three years I like
dark meat I bought that with a boardwalk
oh my gosh there we go giving away my
apartment with all the crap everywhere
I'll show it again when it's clean
extras I middleman look at that
now I should work by card love some more
durable housing my makeup palettes just
keep growing and growing
look at this cute candy face palette hey
candy love you but yeah look at this
power it's so cute I like these colors
right here the butterscotch and sweet
toffee so cute
we're still filming and I have to change
her hair so
greetings from the car depreciation
we're waiting for Nicky and me our
camera guy her boyfriend our producer to
show up and help us film this scene at
this park Colin's in this scene I really
like give so much away like in my blogs
Nikki helps me all the times like you're
giving away our videos but like I feel
like I'm leaving you guys excited got
this week's video is fine just wait till
next week and you guys get to see like
what goes on behind our videos you know
sounds hey guys so I'm back at my
apartment I just took a nap
I took off my makeup but look at this
onesie I bought at Walmart it's The
Nightmare Before Christmas this is so
funny oh my gosh I love this so much so
you guys so you guys have been asking
about Colby and yes I still have Colby
here she is I just never liked to put
her on a lot of my vlogs because I know
a lot of people are scared of rodents
like they are spiders hi mommy hi it
won't focus cuz she keeps moving so this
is gonna sound super cheesy but I see a
lot of ham mansions on YouTube and I
love my Colby so much I was like you
know what I was in Walmart and I was
like I'm gonna buy this doll house and
let Colby play and a hamster czar so
limited to like a little cage so I was
just like you know I'm gonna let her
play in like a dollhouse is that animal
abuse Oh
fans are really ready no girl no girl
Hey
guys it's safe to say Colby does not
like the stock house she doesn't like
this dollhouse I'm sorry I'm sorry I see
this all over YouTube usually hamsters
like it okay it's okay it's okay it's
okay
hey guys so it's the next day and yeah
that was a hamster failed but right now
don't even ask mom and making Gabi
literally just starts her vlog saying
well that was a hippo pail were like why
I'm in the car with my mom and Nicki and
we're going to the King of Prussia Mall
to shop with my mom but it's so sad
because they get in my car and my
brother just went away to college I
don't really get sad when people go away
to school but it like hit home and my
brother did cuz he's the baby of the
family it's weird that he's out there
anymore and my mom's like look look at
this hat he got you in a trip he goes to
Duke University so yeah shout out to
anyone who goes to do mom this is so
cute
it's Duke Blake Anthony if you're
watching this I love you and I miss you
look at this hat that I bought
how cute is it I feel like a totally put
the sweater dress I'm wearing like with
this chanel pin I feel like people like
park or judge me when I pull out my blog
camera in public
it's so embarrassing does this look like
I'm wearing it wrong I just wear it like
this whatever
so obviously I'm in Henri Bendel
spaniels and I don't know if I have like
an okay to talk about it just yet but I
do want to give you guys a heads up that
I am working with the company Henri
Bendel for some kind of event around
December so I can meet you guys in the
store so get excited it's gonna be like
a tea party theme I don't have any dates
I don't have like an exact location date
although it most likely will be in the
King of Prussia location but stay
excited and keep it on the radar and
keep your weekends free in December
because I wanted you guys so we're
eating right now and I just wanted to
show you guys what I got for Lily
because I did I was unable to vlog in
the store I got her this bedazzled
harness and it's made out of Sora
Swarovski crystals I bought her this
like fake looking Burberry partners and
then I bought her another chewy Vuitton
but this is like red and brown so it
looks kind of Christmasy and like ready
for like fall and like the winter time
then I got her a chew Nell bone and then
I got her at you know box how cute is
that she's gonna love it
I also got this henry bendel candle and
it smells amazing it's called amber Noir
I felt like this box kind of matches my
apartment too do you think okay guys so
I'm back home I just want to let you
guys know that I'm so happy that our
family's growing and for that I am
trying to make these vlogs as long as
possible
one of the most comments I see from you
guys is that you wish that these were
longer so that's what I'm trying to do
for you I love you so much and I can't
wait to see you in my next fancy vlog
