and no real no because I don't drink
milk it's coconut milk
okay guys you're probably wondering why
my makeup is like this and why my hair
is like this yes this is a wig yes I'm
about to play Kim Kardashian West Indian
eyes next YouTube video for the niki and
gabi channel I'm about to head out I'm
in my closet and I'm about to go to my
parents house to film with Nikki this
parody is so funny I don't want to give
anything away but I'll show you some
sneak peeks to get you excited I'm
really insecure about the mess going on
over there in my apartment actually it's
everywhere
but I'm just gonna show you guys like a
preview of the walls and what they're
gonna look like everywhere in my
apartment except my bedrooms paint you
know but like guys how cute it'll be so
cute for all the holidays so I am about
to get my stalker by tux like that's all
the time so oh my gosh I know this guy
who's gonna give me my Starbucks I'm so
embarrassed
oh thank you i actually use the kim
kardashian contour stay
oh really yeah they're really good I'm
supposed to be Kim Kardashian right now
for a video
my Starbucks order is an iced chai tea
latte
it's a grande and no sugar stevia three
paths and no real milk because I don't
drink milk it's coconut milk
hey lil hi
oh she's so pretty oh my gosh hey guys
so I'm back home and I just took off all
my makeup because you know Kim
Kardashian makeup is a little heavy like
look how dirty this makeup remover wipe
is sometimes I just wear so much makeup
and I don't even realize like to pick up
all my makeup ready ladies I think you
know my skin needs to be really bad
before I start easiness yeah I'll be bad
I don't even know what it exactly does
but it makes my face like such a big
campus to do my makeup on and I like I
knows a team everyone keeps saying in
the comments how my skin has gotten so
clear especially those you who stuck
around since like I started YouTube know
that I battle of acne and I feel like
just using like a face brush helps a lot
you should try it I will try it sorry if
there's like a little bit of meat
repugnant nice that's like the first
spin brush I ever bought in my life I
have like a bunch of different ones but
I always go back to that one mmm
what do you think on I think the big
thing
what does this dude is getting your
pores yeah I guess I'll link it down
below if you guys are interested in that
I mean I've made a few videos like night
routines and like skin videos and I've
mentioned this brush before you look at
I'm like yes literally look I know
you're like you glow are you going I
think I am
alright time for it to go to bed always
link things I use below in my vlogs hey
guys so it's the next day so I'm on my
way to an event in York City with Mike
Mike is such a good photographer guys
like his picture was chosen to be
displayed or exhibited in this museum
right it's good that is so amazing I'm
so happy for Mike you guys know I've
been best friends with Mike for years so
I'm gonna be his date today for this
event in York City I'm lucky New York
City is just a quick little drive from
where I live it's just the perfect
distance from New York City an hour from
Philly because everyone's like where do
you live you filmic beli film in New
York you fill my Pennsylvania I'm like
guys I'm just a super-duper East Coast
girl it's funny cuz on my Instagram
where it says like the main cities that
like your Instagram targets it says New
York City in London I was like yeah yeah
oh my god I'm so New York I want to end
up in New York like living there full
time when I'm older and like have a
family I want to live in one of those
like Holly Golightly like town
you know where you photograph to me in
front of like oh you know that's right
might where's your picture going to be
Oh
so this place is Nobu Jean Mike pictures
are in this gallery it's a picture of
Mickey but I'm just gonna tell people to
picture me since Nikki and I are twins
when she had dark hair and that picture
just look at this fairy look at this of
you guys
I Love New York so much my gosh oh wow
Nicky I could lie and say that's me
because she's my time no they thought
about you so this is what I'm wearing
it's like I don't want people to eat
it's like feathers and I'm wearing Ohio
choker and I'm wearing these shoes I
always have to do like an OOTD or else
it's not a fancy blog we know them so I
got my champagne and a view so Mike and
I find a pretty bathroom
what are you could jog refers to when
they see a pretty bad
those courage didn't even make a real
bathroom these are like these are bath
like this event is basically showing
that there's going to be an apartment
complex in New York City and this is a
model of the bathroom for that apartment
complex so like you're not allowed to
like do what we just did so you know we
did it hey guys so I'm on my way I'm
calling from New York City from the
event that was so much fun we met a
bunch of photographers and I was
literally these photographs straddling
this model toilet but yeah I decided I'm
going to do this outro right now so I
can edit it and get it but before
tomorrow because tomorrow I have so much
going on and I know I don't want to make
my fancy babies wait till Saturday to
see a vlog for me so yeah sorry that
this lighting here let me use my laptop
screen sorry that this lady was too but
I love you guys
and cg4 in it yeah stay tuned for my
next fancy mom
you
