hey guys oh my gosh I'm finally doing it
on my last vlog I asked you guys if you
want to see me do this challenge and
half the comments are you guys saying I
want to see you do this challenge I
think maybe even more than half the
comments anyways this is gonna be a
super long video so I want to get right
into it but right now I'm sitting on
this couch because I've rearranged my
closet not just to do this challenge but
in general because we're currently
redoing my entire apartment so it's all
under construction I got new couches
we're painting the walls so I decided to
move this like chair in here how cute
but right now you're all showing you I
have set up my closet to live in for 24
hours right now it is
11:54 do you guys see this I'm gonna
start this challenge at 12 p.m. right
here I have my comforter with a blanket
and some pillows I have some like change
of clothes and stuff in here even though
I am in my closet this closet is filled
with like super nice like event clothes
video clothes a lot of my pajamas are in
my actual bedroom so there's like
pajamas in here there's like socks in
here there's like underwear and there
there's more clothes in there and then I
have nightgowns in here so I'm pretty
much set up and yeah this is an overview
of my closet right now this is gonna be
my desk I have my homework for school
right here in my bag this is my school
bag I also have my laptop in here as
well as my chargers are over there I
have my makeup bag my hair bag my
cosmetic bag to like remove makeup and
facial cleansers in there I have my
heating tools here my brush my product
and I have a bull right here because
Collin is gonna come bring a bunch of
water bottles for me not only to drink
but for if I need a dunk my Beauty
Blender and something if I need to wash
my face and I know you're all probably
wondering what am I gonna do about food
and that is the funny part to this is
the fact that I have no control whatever
Collin picks out for me he's gonna slide
through the door and I'm gonna eat it
that's the funny part because he's gonna
pick out all the food that I'm gonna be
eating while I'm in here so hopefully
it's good and I might have some
visitors and I've been brainstorming on
what I'm gonna do to pass the time now
you're all probably wondering what am I
gonna do when I have to go to the
bathroom
well you see the bathroom is right next
door to the closet and I don't want to
be all gross in this beautiful closet
and like go to the bathroom in a bag or
in a bowl and wipe in here no I don't
want to do that I do have a one minute
time cap and if I have to go to the
bathroom I'm gonna text Colin I've to go
to the bathroom he's gonna walk me to
the bathroom stand outside the door with
the timer timing for a minute and once a
minutes up he's gonna go go go and he's
gonna rush me back in here so I better
not go number two two minutes maybe I
should step out of the closet for a
second because I'm gonna miss real life
so the challenge has begun just now 12
alum I'm not gonna see outside this
closet until 12:01 p.m. tomorrow you
know what's funny when I was little I
used to throw fits whenever my mom would
punish me and send me to my room and I
feel like I'm willingly doing this you
guys it's already an hour 12:52 what
I've been doing is editing the intro
that I just filmed but while I was
editing that something came across my
mind that leg is freaking me out what if
I do all this to get accused that I'm
faking it because like if you think
about it I can't actually have a camera
run for 24 hours unless I was
live-streaming this I'm dedicating my
entire Sunday labor days tomorrow I mean
I'm dedicating my entire Sunday into
Labor Day to do this for you guys
clearly I can't vlog for all 24 hours
but I'm gonna show you everything I'm
doing so to prove that I was editing I'm
showing you this is the clips that I
just edited and here and there I'm gonna
pass some time by just like uploading
clips and editing but yeah I think I'm
gonna put on a movie right now because
that's a good way to pass like a good
two hours Colin's working right now but
he gets back in like three hours so I'll
have my first visitor so I need to find
a movie to watch on my computer so I'm
laying here as you can see in the mirror
and I'm gonna be watching The Prince and
the Showgirl which is a Marilyn Monroe
movie
miss Maria
honey you'll be late we're all the
principal's to meet the royal party miss
Springfield's Lana mother mistakes for
us which other thing is bus fare keep
still
what party it could be that carpe diem
not in the wrong box I space travel
bringing this food all the way into the
kitchen okay is now 2:45 and that movie
was so good if you guys love Marilyn
Monroe and an even such movie I suggest
you watch it but right now I'm gonna do
my homework I'm doing my homework on
this bench thing that I showed you that
this is my French homework ha my
textbook is in my car
luckily I got the textbook online as
well
so I just got done with my homework
it is 421 p.m. and I still haven't left
my closet all I ate today this morning
was a cake pop after I did my makeup I
went through the Starbucks drive-thru
and I put my iced chai tea latte in the
fridge and now I'm really wishing I
brought my iced chai tea latte in here
with me : gets outta work at 5:00 so
yeah I have like 40 minutes until I get
food and I'm really really hungry I
should have thought this through a
little better I haven't had to go to the
bathroom yet which is a really good
thing that would have sucked if I had to
go while Colin's at work I was gonna
plan on holding it because then it would
be cheating on this challenge if I took
myself to the bathroom with no one here
I really don't feel good so I'm gonna
try to take a nap Bolin has a key to
here so he let himself in and bring me
food I'm gonna like get all comfortable
right here
I don't wanna waste battery or memory
card footage so I'm gonna turn this off
I am taking him alright so I just got
home and I got gotta be some foods KFC
so she's been in her closet all day
she's sleeping
Oh
you're cute
you vlog in yourself is currently five
38 36 well my phone is wrong you suck
you you've been in your little paradise
to pass the time I'm going to curl my
hair like I did in my last vlog and you
guys were asking for like a tutorial so
I'm just like you know what it might as
well do it right now so I just plugged
my curling iron there's no water in here
yet but I just plug my curling iron into
this extension cord if you guys know
it's like super storming outside and I'm
scared the power is gonna go out and I'm
still gonna if the power goes out I'm
still gonna like vlog this but there
just won't be any light so huh
so this is my hair as i'm waiting for
the curls just like set Doug funnie
you know baby you should probably shut
the closet door because this is kind of
freaking me out a good cheater because
it's like correct I'm glad I have like
my own entertainment I was going to be
like I'm so bored I don't feel like
watching another movie I freaking curled
my hair that's how bored I am
I'm taking out my bobby pin we're taking
out my bobby pins
baby oh my god it looks so pretty you
got all these curls they're so bouncy
it's 817 I've been in this closet for
eight hours yeah you got a lot where to
go I have such a long time left in here
I'm staying here with you
mom thanks baby mm-hmm I can't imagine
if it was just me you should pick out a
nightgown for me they're in there I
think it's like this second so you want
me wear my Wendy one mm-hmm okay
so I just put on my nightgown that Colin
picked out for me
and I feel like Wendy Wendy Maude I'm
Jeanette darling this challenge is so
fun
okay thank you he brought me my vanilla
iced chai tea latte from Starbucks with
coconut milk and three pack two stevia
Peter looks so pretty
what are we gonna do watch movies kettle
so I'm calling my dad just asked me can
you talk what movie do you wanna watch
friend you can that's right do this
so this is the first time I have to pee
I can't believe it's 9 o'clock and I
haven't peed yet but then again like I
haven't been really eating or drinking I
mean I had this water bottle but that's
it I made sure I peed before I start
filming so maybe that's why I took the
song but Colin this is the first
bathroom run one minute one minute you
have to time me here's my phone I can't
be longer than a minute oh my god real
world - yes yeah way to get outside
alright here at 15 seconds no you're at
15 you got 20 now
20 seconds left
daddy 10 seconds left 10 seconds 8
seconds come on yeah now 2 seconds to
spare you don't have one of those in
your car oh so Khan and I decided to
watch The Princess Bride
are you excited me you haven't seen it
I'm excited so it is 948 yeah so we're
doing good on time we have to get up at
a decent time like at least before like
12 so yeah so we just finished watching
The Princess Bride and I'm using my
makeup remover wait to take off my
makeup you could see like late from the
computer was your first time ever seen
yeah how'd you like it I love that movie
I can't believe I've never seen it I
feel like I got some Dijon boost I think
I might have seen it when I was little
but I forgot I guess the whole story is
really great right Colin told me to
watch it
mm-hmm I love watching like romantic
movies though so I need to brush my
teeth and my mirrors over there and the
bowl so Colin would you do me the favor
of building up my bullet watercycle
persuade you yes
which would be a bull lucky you you get
to go to this right
hey guys so I have my face wash off I'll
start with my face I have a bowl of
water because Colin brought it in I've
been in the closet for 12 hours and 48
minutes so I'm gonna start washing my
face this is the bathroom that the
vanilla toothpaste and the toothbrush
I just realized I don't have a towel
though I'm gonna use a makeup remover
wipe until it dry my face dunking my
toothbrush in water but I just rinse my
face in I'm taking me to your face and
putting it on my toothbrush
all right guys so I'm gonna try to get
too bad and I'll see you guys in the
morning
this is Donnie hopefully I don't have to
pee in the middle of the night
they've to be
to be you know that means yeah stock
lunch
all right ready
you going outside me that's all
you made it
anyway I want to show it Russians look
at the water
disgusting
good morning guys
so I just got done doing my hair and my
makeup I did like really natural makeup
because Colin and I are going to the
Renaissance Fair what this is up its
1139 I am and I finished this challenge
in about 20 minutes so right now I'm
just a little antsy because I want to
get out of here like I have a fun day
planned for me for Labor Day I did want
to let you guys know that this challenge
was a lot of fun I thought it was gonna
be super boring but it was actually a
lot of fun because it took me out of
like an everyday routine I feel like
anything that enables you to step out of
your daily routine is super fun and
different I know my boyfriend helped me
out but I feel like even if I was alone
I would still have fun just figuring out
what to do also I know half the comments
are gonna be like oh well I be able to
look at my closet if it was the size of
my bedroom but for my experience I had
on fun so I am gonna nominate someone to
do this challenge after me and that is
sweet Emma lines I'll link it down below
it's her ear she if you guys don't know
that she's one of my best friend she's a
YouTube channel she's super good at
doing those 24 hour challenges she like
just 24 hours acting like a 1950s
housewife and she I think she has the
perfect closet and lifestyle to do this
kind of video I think hers will be
really funny so I'm just sitting here on
this chair because it's 11:59 and when
it's 12 o'clock I'm gonna walk right out
and I couldn't be more excited but I'm
also gonna miss this at the same time it
was so much fun I don't know why if you
like me in my closet have like a new
relationship now internal tenten tenten
tenten center
oh my gosh come on you don't look you
did it I know how does it feel okay
alright guys so that was my 24 hour
challenge in my closet let me know in
the comments down below if you want to
see me do these kind of videos
Emeline I look forward to seeing your 24
hour cause a challenge okay if you're
not subscribed to me and you you're just
watching this video because you saw it
like on your feed or recommended please
subscribe to me I won't ever disappoint
I love my fancy baby so much and I will
see you guys next time bye
