hey guys so it's a very gloomy and rainy
day as you can see or maybe not out my
window and I decided it's a good day to
take care of things that I want to get
done so one of the things that I want to
take care of is I really want to get
makeup drawers for my apartment now I do
have makeup drawers which is basically
like a jewelry armoire that I turned
into makeup drawers but I need like
smaller makeup drawers next to my vanity
to put all of those palettes that I have
sitting on my vanity in it doesn't have
to be like those tall Aleks drawers from
Ikea it needs to go with my room and it
just needs to store away like all my
palettes that I have sitting out my
vanity set my vanity looks nice and
clean thank you these are so cute I'm in
love with this this is so cute look at
this shape I feel like this one's skinny
in to the point and easy and I like the
mirrored one and my vanity is this color
not white but my bed's weight so I don't
know if we're gonna go with the mirrored
drawers because it looks so retro would
be sticking out and like I feel like it
would go so cute because then there's a
mirror on my vanity I would kind of
match so this is what the drawers looked
like they fit perfect right by my bed oh
yeah this is like my new Bath & Body
Works candle yeah it's called spooky
sweets and it smells so good and the lid
is beautiful these are like all the
palettes I use regularly the Nicole
Guerrero the morphe palette Kylie Jenner
and then over here is just my cute
little vanity and I kept it simple over
here with just the things I need like my
primers on this dish with my clips to
pin my hair back
a candle my sleeping mask and then my
headbands to pull back my hair and some
flowers I'm gonna add some perfume to
this I'm gonna actually like decorate it
because I actually have room to I don't
have those palettes all cluttered over
there but guys I have to show you this
look at my Kylie Jenner collection I
think I may be missing like a few just a
little bit and then I have like her lake
liners and shadows and I have extra
minis I think I'm gonna do a giveaway
with like her birthday edition minis and
I have extra brushes because I already
have our brushes and I have an extra
Queen an extra king highlighter so yeah
I might do it give away with some Kylie
cosmetics because I have a lot of it so
I just cleaned a lot of my brushes these
are my brushes that I have in my
everyday bag I know that's a lot and
then here's some brushes that I'm just
gonna put in the drawer that I'm not
gonna be using but look at this disaster
like that is crazy
so this is the brush cleaner I use and
it's cinema secrets I was getting my
makeup done for the Teen Choice Awards
and the guy who was doing my makeup his
brushes smelled like cupcakes and I was
like what do you use and he use the
cinema secrets and he taught me a trick
to put vanilla extract at the bottom but
alcohol-free vanilla extract and it
helps clean your brushes and they smell
amazing the makeup remover already
smells like vanilla without the extracts
when you add it it just smells like a
cupcake so we decided we're gonna go
meet up with Kenny and our friends and
we're gonna go see Annabel really
I'm like scared that I'm not be able to
say to me cheesy I have class in the
morning in it when I see scary movie if
I like really don't like it I get super
scared so we just got back from the
movie theater and oh my gosh was that
scary like yeah as far as the movie goes
guys you better bring something to
squeeze I wish I brought my cake stress
ball like you need to bring something
like this with you to see Annabelle
because poor Colin's hand was like
bruised I was like but just as much as I
was squeezing Colin Colin was squeezing
me
okay guys so I'm at school I'm actually
filming this before I go grab lunch
I just finished French class and oh my
gosh I just have to tell you guys I did
not get one ounce of sleep last night
like I woke up so late this morning I
don't even know how I managed to do my
makeup I mentioned on the niki and gabi
channel since like we blog on the niki
and gabi channel in our most recent vlog
I mentioned that like I enrolled myself
back into school so for those of you who
are like halfway through this vlog and
are super confused hey yeah I'm back in
school not full-time though because like
obviously YouTube and like my singing
career is like full-time and like Nikki
and I are touring I only have a few more
classes left to take until I graduate
when I was a junior I put all my classes
on hold to go on tour senior year but
now I'm like I'm so close to finishing
as might as well pick up my classes
again and read finish so I'm gonna try
to finish my degree as soon as I can
hey guys so I'm currently curling my
hair if you guys don't see this all my
curls are like pinned up and they're
falling and it looks really funny
anyways I'm getting all dolled up
because I want to take an Instagram
picture I feel like my instagrams not as
girly right now and it's really
bothering my OCD I don't know if you
guys noticed but I put like a canopy
right there outside my bedroom door but
I just had the painter over before I
started getting ready and I picked out
some paint colors because I'm doing like
cream and blush stripes throughout like
this entire area so I just feel like
it's like too plain it needs to be more
me there's a chandelier there's curtains
there's vintage but there's no pink and
cream stripes which you all know is like
my things
I'm literally listening to a nutcracker
right now
see how these girls come out
this is the hairstyle I ended up doing
this is a Chanel ribbon tie around my
head and then I did a little half up
half down hairstyle so I have this like
really good idea for this upcoming
Sunday where I spend 24 hours in my
closet and let me know in the comments
down below if you think that's a good
idea because I don't know I just think
that's so me and like I wonder what on
earth I would do for 24 hours in my
closet like I really have no idea so
yeah make sure let me know in the
comments down below if you want to see
24 hours in my closet I feel like I
would count how many shoes and bags I
have I feel like it could be super fun
so just let me know if you want to see
that for me okay now you guys are
probably wondering why my camera is
angled like this and I'll explain right
now
as you can see well I'm gonna show you I
have a bunch of makeup that I no longer
want or that expired that I don't know
what to do with and I was just sitting
on Instagram today and I saw like people
they empty their cosmetics into a bowl
and they mix it and then put it in the
microwave and like make a soup out of it
I don't know why like this is a thing
but I saw it on my Instagram explorer
page please don't judge me and I'm not
wasting this makeup because I'm telling
you this makeups old I've offered some
of this makeup to friends and they
didn't want it look at this two-year-old
Chanel foundation I got like a little
scalpel thing that I'm gonna use to help
like break up the powder oh my gosh this
crazy Oh Instagram why
a
haha
this looks like brownie mix I'm gonna go
pop this in the microwave for like a
minute it's really freakin hot but look
that's what it looks like guys I'm about
to get ready to go out I'm gonna change
my outfit I'm gonna in this vlog right
here sorry for how weird that experiment
was I literally am addicted to like
those slime /a ASMR slash crushing
makeup videos on Instagram I don't even
know how that's a category but it is and
I guess I'm a fan of it but let me know
in the comments down below if you think
I'm weird I won't be offended
alright I love you guys and I'll see you
in my next fancy blog
