beautiful
hey fancy babies so first of all I'm so
sorry it's been so long since I've put
up a vlog I've just been going through a
lot like the last few days I am in the
process of redoing my apartment well I
should say I just finished redoing my
apartment my half-finished wallpaper is
finished on my back wall yay and I just
finished my closet this vlog isn't gonna
be an updated closet tour it's honestly
it's gonna be very girly but I'm saving
the closet or video for one later this
week or early next week because I am
going to New York Fashion Week this week
next vlog will be in New York and I'm
trying to decide when I want to put my
Valentines Day cover up the ariana
grande cover so stay tuned for that I
usually start my blogs in like the
morning so this is a little unusual for
me to start a vlog at night and in that
case I am going to get unready in the
beginning of this vlog and then get re
ready tomorrow morning I have a lot of
things planned I do have to run to the
post office like bursting the morning
because there are a few things that I
needed to sign for that showed up when I
was at home today so I'm gonna pick
those up then I'm gonna film with Nicki
and then I have a doctor's appointment
and then I'm gonna do a huge haul for
you guys that is so overdue it's a
luxury haul I've been like saving up all
the things the nicer things that I've
been getting and I'm waiting to do like
one big like BAM haul so that's what I'm
gonna be doing in this vlog and yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow morning but
as of now I'm gonna get unready and get
ready for bed before I get unready I
just want to show you guys look at this
cute new candle I got at Bath & Body
Works today I think it's one of their
spring sense but it's called lavender
marshmallow and it smells so relaxing I
highly suggest buying this guys so when
I get
ready one of the things that I focus on
what are my hair extensions and as you
guys know if you saw my previous vlog or
long before that
these are definitely extensions my real
hair is liked here I like to take care
of my hair because as you guys know
these kind of extensions could get
pretty wild if you don't tame them
correctly so I'm going to show you guys
how I take care of these extensions
bottle is an old re hair mist but when
it got to like here I decided to fill
the rest of it with water so it still
has that hint of re smell to it and I
like to spritz my hair with water as you
guys can see my hair is damn sort of wet
and I do this because I use this flat
iron hair brush for vanity planet if you
guys have been around since like
September you remember that I started
using this around then I was always
curious to see how these things work do
you guys don't know how this works it's
pretty much a hairbrush sorry for my
hairs in here it's a hair brush that
heats up like a flat iron but because
it's a brush it keeps like all the
volume still in your hair and doesn't
make it super flat make sure there's
like no knots when I go to bed because
when you we're so in or any kind of
extensions for that matter they tend to
matte and get kind of gross so I just
like keeping the peace in my hair and I
like it to look smooth and not tangled
whatsoever actually love to use this in
the morning because I like my hair to be
smooth before I style it back in the day
I used to like straighten my hair before
I'd use a curling iron but I noticed
when I use this I don't have to
straighten my hair before styling it if
you like my hair looks like strawberry
shortcake
I feel like it doesn't damage the hair
as much as like a flat iron would as you
guys know who do do so ends or
extensions that this hair can get
damaged very easily and you have to take
care of it like it's a Holy Grail or
else it could get real bad real soon if
you're interested in this you can check
my description box you can save 50% off
which makes this only $40 so yeah you're
welcome
so now
I'm done with the hairbrush I like to
braid my hair
gotta preserve the rose gold hair let me
know in the comments down below if you
guys are a fan of the rose gold hair
because I'm loving it so much
then I like to put my hair in that but I
was telling you guys about as funny as
this looks I sleep with a bonnet on like
this you guys have probably seen Tila do
this but this is how you keep your
extensions nice and smooth and silky and
yeah I'm gonna go to bed with this on
and Colin's gonna make fun of me and
then I'll wake up and show you guys how
I get ready hey guys so it's the next
morning I was going to film myself doing
my makeup and getting ready like I said
I would but I was running really late
and I had to film for the Nikki Gabby
channel with Nikki so yeah i'm i
actually just filmed a little bit with
nikki but don't mind my smokey eye it
kind of is like hinting towards what
video we're doing and this is more like
i make much don't mind my patchy ass
make up this morning my dog licked my
face and I didn't have my makeup with me
at my parents house to fix it so it's
gonna look a little crazy today so right
now we have like an hour break and I'm
gonna go run to the post office pick up
some packages so I could do my big
luxury haul at the end of this vlog and
then I'm going to a doctor's appointment
but I love you guys and I see you at the
post office
so my packages are here the sweetest old
man was inside so he was looking at my
hair and he was looking at my shoes in
two days your hair match your uggs
and I thought that was the cutest big in
the world I've never had like a funky
colored hair outside of like the norm
having a color out of like the ordinary
color wheel for hair draw so much
attention I've never understood what
that kind of attentions like Nikki
always told me about it I've never had
attention drawn to my hair so this is a
whole new world for me so I made it back
home to my apartment from filming with
Nikki it's already like 6 p.m. but I'm
not gonna be here for much longer
because I'm about to
to get my nails done the reason I'm
Oberon is because it's like in Center
City Allentown area and I get so
stressed out driving over there so I
won't have to worry about parallel
parking or any of that so yeah I'm gonna
go get my dancer
that's so cool
oh my gosh
so I pretty much did a big luxury
shopping spree I guess you can say that
last month because it is February but
there are a few things that I've added
to the mix actually currently sitting in
my redone closet there's more to it over
there and over here in front of the
camera but I will be doing an updated
closet or video either the video after
this or two or three videos from this so
no more than three videos from this vlog
but yeah I'm gonna get right into this
haul just a disclaimer please don't
judge I've worked really hard for the
things that I have you guys aren't
behind the screen with my finances and
this is how I want to spend my money so
yeah so I first gonna start out with my
favorite my personal favorite I feel
like it goes with my rose gold hair I
got my first ever Prada bag it looks
like this this reminds me of a candy
store it's so perfect you guys know I
love pink and white combined I love pink
and white stripes and if you like this
is grasping that like very little girl
style that I love um it's still pretty
packaged I waited for this video to
unbox a lot of these bags it comes with
the long strap so I could still wear
over the shoulder I love the over the
shoulder look better and then like brown
the elbow look yeah this is what it
looks like
so my next bag that I bought is from
Saks Fifth Avenue it actually came in
this box so this is my new Fendi bag
looks like this I'm so in love with this
bag I never bought anything like it I
feel like it captures like the edge of
your side of me but it's still pastel
pink and it has some pastel colors in
the word Fendi as well as studs
this is the inside it's actually pretty
large you can fit a lot this is the card
to prove authenticity I think it's super
sweet
and I'm definitely picturing this bag
with my New York Fashion Week outfits
that I'll be wearing later this week so
yeah I then went on Poshmark
about a week ago and I was looking for
new Louboutins for Fashion Week but I
also wasn't in the mood to just full-on
spend like 900 bucks on the Louboutins
you can actually get Louboutins for a
good discount on Poshmark
all of my Louboutins back there I bought
right from the rack in the store in
Nordstrom or Neiman Marcus but this time
I wanted to buy two pairs of Louboutins
for Fashion Week and I didn't feel like
blowing like two grand on shoes so I
said you know I'm gonna go look at used
Louboutins on Poshmark
and they came to a pretty good deal it
was like 400 or 500 for Louboutins or
600 to 700 I think these were like 500
the other ones that I'm about to show
you were like 700 but they were
definitely discounted from like what the
usual price would be for Louboutins I
was able to get two pairs more easier
that way than if I were to buy them
right off the rack the bottoms are very
like unharmed I was very surprised there
was only like a scrape mark here and a
scrape mark here
they look good as new this is what they
look like they're mint green and they
have spikes on them and I just think
they're super girly as soon as I bought
these I took a picture of them and I'm
like Nikki you need these in your
wardrobe but these are adorable like how
could you not right now this looks like
a cluster of colourfulness down here I'm
loving it
the next Louboutins I got from Poshmark
where the pricier ones but these are so
Kate's so it is expected this is like
the classic shape for a Louboutin shoe
there are peach they're called flamingo
pink and they're like neon peach I'm
obsessing with them the stickers are
still on the bottom it looks like the
owner tried scraping them off but
couldn't so I'll just have to do that
but yeah this is what they look like
my next purchase is from Tiffany's ultra
shade eyes this is my sunglass case
and these are my new Tiffany's
sunglasses
you're like the cat eye shape they're
very Breakfast at Tiffany's I feel like
they're very Audrey Hepburn oh my gosh
I'm obsessed guys it has like that
Tiffany's blue lined on the inside and
they're very thin and delicate so cute
next from Neiman Marcus I bought a
Burberry necktie looks like this and a
lot of girls like wearing these skinny
scarves so that they could tie a knot
around their neck kind of like a little
flight attendant so like this this is
very an around like spring it was very
in last spring I hope it's still in this
spring but if not but there's not much I
can say when I show things I feel like
I'm so awkward at home I'm like so I got
this and it's really cute I don't know
what else to say you really do love this
last but not least I have another bag
first of all I didn't even know they
made bag I'm a big fan of their
fragrances don't make fun of me for not
knowing that especially being like a
luxury brand fan and collector but
Viktor and Rolf they're really known for
like their bomb bomb perfumes and like
you know the flower bomb when I saw this
bag I was like wait does that say Viktor
and Rolf like what I had no idea they
made bags and so I couldn't help myself
but purchased this darling change cruise
how gorgeous its satin and if you guys
are familiar with their fragrances
they're all like this girly chic style
it opens like this and it's just
gorgeous this is the authenticity there
it's not very spacious but I feel like
it's a nice little like change purse to
bring to events this captures my style
280 guys if there's anything that
captures my style it's this bag so I
couldn't help myself and I
trying it well yeah that was my haul
guys please don't hate a splurge here
and there but at the end of the day I
show you guys because I know you guys
like this stuff let me know the cops
down below if you want to see more hauls
yep
