hey beautiful hey guys long time no see
I'm sorry I haven't blogged that much on
this channel it's because Nikki and I
started vlogging on our main channel but
that doesn't mean I'm not going to do
fancy ball like you guys know I would
never do that to I would never let you
down right now I'm getting my hair
touched up and I'm going through this
problem where my blonde hair is like
showing through my brown so my
extensions are dark and then my hair
please it just keeps fading so we
decided we're going to go black on my
natural hair because it's obviously
going to say because there's blonde
underneath and then we did a little bit
of like a slight ombre to the bottom of
my extensions because in case of shades
that like needs to match
Oh God
hey if you always do such a good job
we're less so I'm at my infamous vanity
and yet my hair looks super guard on
anyways Nikki and I single are you is
about to play on the radio for the first
time in like ten minutes so I'm going to
go in the car and listen to it was my
family and Collin my gosh it was crazy
Jenna comes great I'm hosting I try to
do a little bit kidding be some in there
about our song on the radio really
already showed us we grow up any
most-viewed music video of all time on
YouTube seriously with Emily training we
have youtubers niki and gabi over five
million subscribers and over happiest
billion views on their YouTube channel
are you thinking what is is my dad he's
a dentist we saw insurance ommited my
teeth dies everyone always asked about
my veneers and my dad's in there
actually my most favorite case I ever
did oh how do you like are you I love my
that's a really did you hear it out
Marie yeah I heard on the radio today
and it's kind of surreal to see di so
I'm driving and I realize I hope I have
like a lot of things to address that I
haven't like talked about that I need to
talk about so first things first the
Blood Queen
theme song is being released this week
and then the Blood Queens trailer is
being released shortly after so I'm
super excited to share that with you
guys the trailer is going to be living
on this channel along with my Instagram
and all the cast members instagrams so
Nikki and I have another single coming
out in October and then the Big Bang our
EP comes out in November and then we're
going to be touring our EP exclusively
to pour random cities in the US I think
maybe London but we're going to be
touring our EP two for random cities
before the EP releases so it's like an
exclusive look at our songs and then
when the EP actually drops we're going
to be touring like 15 to 20 cities so
we're really excited there's a lot of
stuff going on and I just felt like I
needed to pull out my camera and explain
all that to you guys I mean I feel like
we've done so many interviews within the
last like two weeks when we say all that
but you see I don't know how many of you
guys are actually watching those
interviews so if you're not watching
those interviews and if you haven't
found out all that good news I just said
it right now let me know in the comments
down below if you're excited I'm super
excited
so I just eat breakfast at water--a and
now I'm in Ralph Lauren ooh it looks
like what I want my closet to look like
hey guys so I'm back from New York and I
want to show you what I bought when I
was in New York I went to lottery to eat
I think I saw and my footage I didn't
feel like vlogging went out there
because I was there eating breakfast
with a friend I just didn't want to
interrupt me seeing a friend with just
logging I get all like to light about
that I feel like it's rude sometimes and
so much like pulls out a vlog Cameron is
like I'm like I could never do that in
front of someone that like I'm spending
genuine diamonds but I'm going to show
you guys what I've got today so we went
to lottery and I didn't get much but I
got this Marie Antoinette pea
this is the tea I had when I was there
it is so yummy so good and then I got a
Paris candle they have different candles
for each city that water raised and they
have a New York one in Los Angeles one
they have a Paris one and I think of
London I'm not very sure but I decide to
get the Paris on because I'm going to
eventually end up there we all know this
I think this candle goes perfectly on
the table and it smells so good I'll put
the tea in the candle on the table for
like decor with the cake - how cute
the
so I just went into shopping and I hate
that this is going to be a part of my
blog there's like loogie spit on my car
it's like bloody do you see that there's
a difference these are the buggery here
like a really big loogie and I don't
know if you can see this but they're
stuff all like movies all over my car
they're green - I don't know if this
cameras doing any justice green movies
everywhere literally green might be an
egg I don't know they might have egged
our car I can't tell it's storm so
that's not okay it's movies or something
so I think my car is messed with
I was trying to think of a guy that I
have issues with right now and I'm like
well I just roasted my ex in a video in
my last video so ex if you did this to
my car threw yourself my ex and his
friend like have forked homes before
 in bags and put it on a doorstep
and lighting a fire yeah they put syrup
on girls cars and put flour on it like
they do that kind of stuff so that's
your nasty turn lick it off look it
won't come off that's how you know it's
like egg or something that week was
intentional because it just won't come
on
after the carwash is still all on my
head you see that what is it when I was
at the vintage shop I bought this
beautiful nightgown and I bought this
beautiful lamp for my vintage bathroom
it looks like it is this bathroom is
super vintage seems like Christmas
themed I like all my Christmas stuff out
and there's like vintage toilet and
vintage cosmetic stuff and like vintage
pictures on the wall and I got my lush
stuff though I love this laughing so
much hey guys I'm in bed right now just
chilling and waiting for my friends to
come over later I'm in this fancy blog
though because what I do with my friends
and Nicki tonight is going to be on our
niki and gabi vlog on our on our main
channel if you guys didn't know this
Nicki and I are posting combined vlogs
once a week so we're going to be still
uploading two videos a week so one
production which is like a back to
school or whatever season video and then
the second video of the week is going to
be a combine vlog so we're still doing
niki and gabi videos some of tonight is
going to be on that vlog and not this
one so I still want to leave you guys
wanting to watch the vlogs on the Nagini
yagi-chan alright that's it for today
it's unfortunate that something happened
to my car I'll see you guys in my next
day and see blog love you
