so this is basically going to be an
entire story time in one and I can't
believe I'm actually doing this
this is like five to seven different
stories so if you want to go grab a soda
or popcorn so back when I was fifteen
years old I got into a relationship I
was very new to the dating world I never
did anything with a guy I never like
made out with a guy really like maybe
watch Melvin eighth grade and it was
like three seconds like I never like was
exposed to that and I was a sophomore in
high school and this senior in high
school decides he wants to ask me out so
obviously I fell for him I fell for him
really hard because not only was I so
young and naive but I was very very
freaking infatuated was happening really
fast I made a promise to God that I
wouldn't do anything extreme we were
going through like the typical steps of
a relationship when a girl's very
inexperienced and this is when I was 15
is very very young started dating in
October in February rolls around and
he's starting to make some contact with
this girl that he says they were just
friends and it's making me uncomfortable
but I didn't I didn't want to tell him
how I felt because I was scared he'd
break up with me if I told him that it
was bothering me that I didn't want him
to be that close to a girl I don't want
to seem controlling I didn't want to
give him any reason to break up with me
I gave in and did something I regret and
the only reason I gave in to that was
because I was scared I was if I don't do
this then I'm going to lose him to
another girl then I found out in June
that that two weeks after I did this
thing he cheated on me and he continued
to cheat on me I knew it and I didn't
want to confront him about it because I
just wanted to keep him and I wanted I
had it in my head I just no matter what
he did I wanted to win him from this
girl I didn't want I didn't want her to
win I didn't want to break up with him
somebody single and she could have him I
just wanted him to myself and it was
very unhealthy I wish I could tell
myself when I know how but this cheating
story does
and I'm there it doesn't fortunately so
then he went to college the next year
and he told me in the beginning of the
summer you literally tells me um I think
I want to go into college single I don't
know I'm going to let you know at the
end of summer so then I had horrible
anxiety the entire summer trying to
please him making sure he doesn't break
up with me when he goes to school I even
remember that summer we were in his car
and phone starts going off and it says
the girl's name with a contact picture
like and she was like on his phone so I
knew him and this girl were really close
we're going to call her kay-kay was like
his first girl like my sophomore year
leading into my junior year he was so
close to her made me very uncomfortable
it ended up being the girl he cheated on
me with so then he started college and I
got in the picture
hey like Pretty Little Liars this girl
named a grabbed his attention I had no
idea
now piecing it all together I see why
randomly one day over Christmas break of
my junior year while he's a freshman in
college he broke up with me out of the
blue I told him you promised you
wouldn't leave me and he said but I gave
you a great year and a half it's time
for me to move on
I was devastated he broke up with me for
a weekend and then decided to get back
with me on a Monday and I thought that
was very fishy two years later my friend
s told me all about a I had no idea
about a that year no idea and I
contacted a and she told me it was true
and that he broke up with me to get with
her she told me that he made out with
her while he was still dating me and she
said she wouldn't do more if you still
had a girlfriend so he broke up with me
that weekend to do things with this girl
and then got back together with me once
he got it out of his system
so let's fast-forward to my freshman
year of college
kay decided to transfer to my college
and she started going there she was in
the same grade as my ex and I thought he
made it sound like she wasn't talking
her anymore I promise I'm not the top
tier I know if it makes you
uncomfortable whatever and then all of a
sudden I caught them texting each other
and then before I knew it I was in the
calf which comes up to me and goes want
to see what your boyfriend's been
texting me and all of it is it on I like
flipped her off in the calf and
everything I wasn't innocent like she
was it was bothering me that she was
just trying
boyfriend you know so not only did I
find out that he was texting her all
year when he told me he wasn't but this
is when it gets bad that Christmas my
freshman year of college my parents
really supported him they truly thought
I was going to end up with him we were
dating for three years at this point
they decided to buy him a macbook
computer because he was graduating
college that spring and they knew his
family didn't have the means to support
him and buy him a laptop to try to get a
job one day in April it was actually
like the day before Good Friday I was
looking on his computer I was like why
is there Skype on your computer we have
a 15 years oh my gosh I you just got
this computer why would you download
skype and I was messing around and I
went on skype and all of a sudden my
face went blank I was reading a
conversation between him and his other
girl of like nine months he pretty much
had another girlfriend from August till
April and every time we got in a fight
he was telling her Gabby's done with me
now we can be together I've never felt
so went on in my life he broke up with
me when I found out first of all because
he said he didn't feel like being
punished about it or he didn't want to
deal with me being upset about it which
I understand but you should have done in
the first lady should have broken up
with me so I went to his house like an
idiot with a photo album and videos on
my phone ready to show him and I begged
for him back like an idiot because I
felt like I wasn't anyone without him I
felt like I couldn't do anything without
him in my life I showed up his house
somehow won him back his mom's like
fighting him to break up with me I
remember I begged for him back I got him
back and then we're all the way up to my
beach house for the fourth of July and
I'm stalking this girl's Tumblr and
often I see she posted a picture of a
long ass letter that he wrote her for
her birthday and basically you could
just see he was in love with her now
it's like my sophomore year of college
and where we were at we actually got
really good and like I said in that one
video we were the best that we worked
but at this point we shouldn't have even
been together and then all of a sudden I
stumbled across someone in my sophomore
class in college I decided to text my ex
like yo can we take a break because I'm
feeling some kind of way about someone
and he he refused to let me then I like
borderline got back with my ex slash
basically just talking but acting like
we're dating and then that's when I met
Colin moral of the story guys if any of
you are going through an emotionally
abusive situation if you guys feel like
you're alone or you feel like you need a
guy to be you you don't you don't need
anyone I don't need tolerance for all I
know Colin could do the same thing that
my ex did to me I'm not saying he's
perfect I'm never going to say he's
perfect I never in a million years
thought my ex would do all that to me
you just shouldn't stay with someone
because you feel like you need them you
don't need anybody you were you before
you met this person you're capable of
being you for many more years without
that person I don't want to be that
youtuber that like crime and as her
titties I'm gonna not do that one person
can change your whole outlook on such a
beautiful gift of life that's what's so
scary and I decided to silently go
throughout if I never posted anything
online when I was going through all that
I was so deep into YouTube when all of
this shit was happening to me my first
meet-and-greet my sugar bag cupcakes
meet-and-greet was five days after I
found out my ex had a girlfriend of like
nine months so like nobody nobody would
know that I just want you guys to know
that if you're ever in need of anyone
like I'm here tweet me Dan me I'm always
on the lookout for that kind of stuff I
just want you to know and even if I
don't find your comment or if I don't
respond I just want you to know look I'm
here for you I feel for you I love you
don't need anyone you were born a single
person for a reason
yes it's human nature to be with someone
but you don't need someone to be you and
to my ex if you're watching this I'm
sorry I didn't say your name for a
reason I don't want to affect your
future anymore
I feel so much better now that I got all
this off my chest this has just been
like a long time in the making that just
really wanted to say something and I
never
did because I was scared of being judged
I love you guys until next time
