hey beautiful hey fancy babies bogus
Lighting's a little weird
yep this Lighting's better oh look what
we have right here we have a Chanel
bootie yet turning is actually Chanel
you guys know Bert hi visits me every
summer yes I have pretty shrimp cuz real
sick and she's in town I just picked her
up from the airport literally two hours
ago three hours and now we're getting
just up and we're going to take pictures
in downtown and we're going to grab
dinner at the French restaurant
Mademoiselle Chanel Oh Mademoiselle
Chanel I want to call you through that
purpose I hope I've done the comics
habl√≥ if we look like sisters sisters
from another mister yeah I look Filipino
or do you look Kubek
so Chanel and I came up with a brilliant
idea
early so we're both like sell inators
obviously like especially lately I've
been like so obsessed with Celine I like
like so hardcore I do I saw my vintage
haul like primal stuff but we have an
idea that we're going to do a parody
video to fetish
by Selena so we're literally going to
plan that video while eat dinner at the
French cuisine across the street across
the state yes I still like can't go over
my hair like a leech the video but it's
like I don't think I'm looking at the
whole clip makes a mess my longing
Chanel like snow might get extensions
but I love her short hair it's very
Selena I love our denominators we are in
session and we are right under the
horses they'll keep greetings from the
gym so we're working out because that's
what we do best
I mean as you guys know from Instagram I
kind of turned my life around and
decides to get fit and going to the gym
all the time because I was diagnosed
with hypothyroidism and I cured my
thyroid
so I lost a lot of weight which I'll
make a video on for sure for sure
supplementing like crazy working out
like crazy
and taking my medication so thyroid
thyroid behaving but I have to go get my
ultrasound my thyroid tomorrow morning
Chanel's looking cuter than ever in this
light blues yeah thanks top yes i styled
her to the chip
so my package came in and I just wanna
show you guys what I got is super cute
I'm not going to lie one of the main
reasons I bought this pack is because of
this brush right here bristles are like
really tight and then they're loose at
the end so you know it's a really good
like crease brush and then there's also
a big fluffy brush eyebrow brush there's
a foundation brush there's a flat brush
for blemishes or if you want to do lid
eyeshadow these are so aesthetically
pleasing I might just have to take an
Instagram of this like how cute
screenshot moment be and then they have
a nice eyebrow brush I have to get my
nails done so please excuse me I also
got this cute fur clutch I love this it
opens and there's like a chain and it's
metallic and there's fur there's a cute
little brooch when you close it so
adorable I love this I feel like these
all go together I also got these new
adorable comfy slippers and oh my gosh
I'm so glad I got these these are going
on the gram I also got my digits spinner
I'm obsessed with special spinners I got
this sweater because I feel like it's
gonna look super cute in holiday videos
and you know Christmas is like 150 days
away or something like that
115 I forget but I do start stocking up
on like holiday sweaters really early as
you guys saw in my last haul I got
another holiday sweater but I always
loved like pink holiday sweaters
and then I also got this dress and it's
very like scream queens I think I would
prefer putting a bell on to like cinch
this but it is so cute this is the first
time I'm like filming in my mirror in my
closet with my brown hair oh hey guys so
guess who I'm with obviously this one
back here
but this one right here not that I love
the girl
for those of you who stuck around the
vlog this long know that you're creating
our fetish parody that we are going to
be doing together and in our parody
we're going to be eating like random
crap so now we're going to the dollar
store to pick up random stuff to put in
our mouths Flores Allah and we have to
bring this one because who is the king
of random this one right here so he's
going to I left check what is that yoki
this is the progress of what we're
getting to
you to catch your face with a ring at my
screen apart
so right now I'm meeting Nicky at our
old college because we're filming a niki
and gabi back to school video right now
and I know you guys are believing in the
comments but like I'm really committing
to the verb Robair she's like amazing
calling him bird a Barry Disney's
Burberry get it no know which classroom
is the second floor to perform get back
to school videos are pretty fun I love
coming back to school I miss it the club
one in the classroom let's say guys so
I'm currently at this like bar
restaurant because I just got done being
like a love interest in my video so you
guys should look out for that he is a
country singer and I'm his love interest
at this bar for like a music video mic
filmed it obviously Mike's awesome he's
filming a really awesome beach bar video
tomorrow night he calls hey so should
nella this morning I actually did
prologue yet okay because it's her last
day and I was like on its own time with
her but anyways unfortunately we woke up
late and we didn't get to film the video
that we were supposed to film
so I ended up buying random crap at the
dollar store for no reason I think
that's it for this vlog I'm sorry but so
random and all over the place but you
guys seem to like these led you guys so
much and I'll see where my next fancy
bow tie
