hey guys so at midnight is a very very
special event
it's my two-year anniversary with the
love of my life I love them so much he
means so much to me and I I think God
every single day that this day happened
in my life and this is my gift for him
if you haven't seen the Romeo and Juliet
movie by Baz Luhrmann the director made
a retake in the 90s on Romeo and Juliet
and Leonardo DiCaprio's in it as well as
Claire Danes and that's our movie always
lets to compare ourselves to Romeo and
Juliet because the day we met is the day
we started he met July 25th 2015
the day after my second vlog ever on
this channel and two years later we're
still in love and our anniversary date
is the day we met so we are romantic a
song from that movie is our song I'm
going to have a little like virtual fish
tank full screen on the big TV in the TV
room and I'm going to have his knight
costume set up saying the address and
where to meet me this is how my hair
looks right now I'd love to see it good
because the light is behind it it was
backlit but yes I have my hair like
Claire Danes did in the movie
so he's going to meet me there and then
I'm going to give him his gift I'm going
to be dressed up in the angel costume
when he said in the knight costume just
like that movie and yeah it's going to
be amazing I'm so excited to share this
with you guys
hey guys so this is what it looks like
when he comes in he's going to walk over
and see the fish tank on this TV over
here
it's literally three hours since a best
friend gold and over here I have candles
lit and I have his outfit that I want
him to wear when he meets me and this
rose and over here it says dress in this
with pants lol if this is too heavy feel
free to use your knight costume shirt
meet me here and it says the address
Mike's going to be the videographer
you're going to film this whole thing
when I get on this present and on the
back it says our quote it says for I
never saw true beauty till this night
7:25 I know I'm really bad at drawing
and like subletter so sorry Colin can't
wait to see you if you just see the
movie this might be a little weird but
Juliet where the enjoys at the party
what it's like a costume party and I see
from you how to play a role and I'm
going to give him a present so this is
the Box to the bracelet I'm going to
give him and it says for I never saw
true beauty till this night
and then it's in a bag but it says like
in Romeo and Juliet
I love thee their wedding rings so that
on the back and in the back of this it
says Vivi and Gigi forever but I don't
want to take it out of the bag let's
neatly put it down
I swear tonight
you
you
