hey guys it's Gabby I got this idea when
I made my giveaway video all you guys
kept asking about my skin and how I get
to be so perfect and you guys always ask
me about my hair and how I maintain the
blonde and my extensions and whatnot
then like you know what they all need to
know what goes on like under the makeup
like how I treat my skin what I do for
my hair how I take care of my hair so if
you keep watching you're going to find
out all my little tips and tricks with
like my face and hair and whatnot the
first thing I want to tell you guys is
that I use a face brush like they are so
necessary I used to do fall on I can
link it down below if you guys want I
actually reached out to do it all myself
and all the products that I look in this
video I reached out to the companies and
they gave me a coupon code they know
some of you might be interested in the
stuff that I use so I always like to
make sure I have a coupon code for you
guys I'm so happy with the results I get
from using a face brush times I saw in
like previous videos they used to use
other like spin brushes but this is the
best one that I've I found for my skin
just brush like just completely makes my
face a smooth canvas before I put my
makeup on if you're like really into
makeup and stuff like that and if you
want like really smooth application I
suggest it's been brushed more
specifically I suggest the Duval spin
brush but face wash that I use with my
spin brush is this mixed major face up
and like the really cool thing about
mixed major that I love stuck with as
you guys know I love organic stuff
because I'm a true believer that like
anything with too many chemicals like
really bad for your face and causes the
opposite of what you're trying to do
with the mixed nature it's like all
organic it's super nice and it's super
soft and delicate on my face so I use my
mixed major face up with my spin brush
and before I use my face brush I make
sure to use the mixed nature cleansing
milk because elfs melt off my makeup
because I really don't think I makeup
wipes can take everything off like I
will never rely on just like makeup
remover so I always need something else
to assist take everything off before I
wash my face to make sure that I get the
best result is washing my face so I make
sure that this cleansing milk melts my
makeup off and makes my face nice and
clean before I start my whole like these
washing process
see you need to use a cleansing belt to
help you take off the rest of your
makeup this would have been remaining if
I
so now I'm going to talk about my hair a
lot of you guys leave so many questions
because you know these are extensions
they're keratin if you were wondering
and you also ask so many questions about
my blonde hair and how I just keep up
with my hair in general because you guys
know my hair is naturally jet-black and
I just got my roots done so you can't
see the black hair right now you can
definitely see it yesterday the one
thing that I have found that's it
treating my blonde hair actually this
goes for everyone out there stay away
from with chemical shampoos and stay
very organic based you don't need purple
shampoos to tone your hair I found what
keeps my hair like the really pretty
champagne tone that it is is that I use
organic shampoo I don't need any
shampoos are sold in salons or
drugstores I use mixed Natura shampoo
and conditioner as well and my favorite
thing about this company is it's such a
unique concept that you get to pick and
choose your ingredients that you put in
your products you also get some spots if
you have to write hair if you have
greasy hair if you have damaged hair if
you have colored hair and you get to
like pick and choose what goes into your
shampoo based on what kind of hair you
have my hair is long and it's extension
so obviously it's dry my hair isn't
drying more it's very well-kept because
I make sure all the ingredients that I
plan to my shampoo and conditioner
correlate to the kind of hair that I
have and the website helps you if you're
not like educated with what helps what
was like hair and face and all that
stuff so forgive me if I pronounced any
of these ingredients wrong like I said
I'm not super educated on what all these
are so in my shampoo I made sure that I
have ylang ylang ylang oil
I really can't pronounce it I'll have it
spelled right well I'll put all of my
ingredients I use down below I'll see a
cinnamon leaf oil for not only a very
light goods like cinnamon II smell
because you guys know and love like
sweet smells but I'm clinging to oil for
my shampoo because my hair was so dry I
use callous olek liquid hyaluronic acid
liquid sodium salts hydro glycerin oats
which smells so good in the shampoo and
conditioner I use the same kind of
ingredient that make shampoo that I do
in my conditioner but you could switch
it up and choose whatever ingredients
for your shampoo and whatever
ingredients for your conditioner I'd be
like a little like lush factor and get
to make my organic products myself last
but not least I'm going to talk about
the heat products I use on my hair I do
use the straightener to curl and
straighten
hair it is a do ball straightener you
guys know who watched my blogs I've been
using the do ball straightener for some
time now but for those using don't know
that yes but the straightener I use I'm
very picky with like my heating tool so
this is the Duval and pull spar and
fridge straightener this was my go-to
all year you get to pick the settings
this is like 273 2364 10 450 obviously
I'm going to keep it low at the 270
degree setting because my hair is
bleached so I don't want any more damage
than it already has I found with other
straighteners at 270 degrees like I
can't straight my hair like it doesn't
work like it stays wavy my hair but with
this straightener it still works at 270
degrees so I truly the dry I'm so
attached to this brand and the
straightener so yeah I'm always happy
with the result so much straightener
I'll also with gotten the sight down
below and it's also the same coupon code
GD black that I've been using all year
let me know in the comments down below
if this video was helpful at all yeah if
you're interested in anything that I
talked about I will be linking it down
below make sure to give this video a
thumbs up if you want to see more behind
the beauty kind of videos that's pretty
much it and I love you guys so much
involved will be coming and please a
good day stay tuned for my next fancy
blog
