beautiful greeting fancy babies from the
demo so as you guys know we're filming
our reality show next week for summer
break with Kenny and I you know we gotta
look our best so we're one of them all
right no and what are we in what we do
bad we're in a limo and we're going to
pop some champagne like over there so
we're about to pop our champagne we're
going to the mall
no word
this is my breakfast haha
and I just found out were nominated for
a Teen Choice Award with female web star
so that means we're on TV like sitting
in the chairs like gettin oh my gosh
they're DG & Nicolson yeah when I get
married I'm gonna wear these shoes
because these are called Cinderella
shoes from Jeju and I'm going to Sonoma
on my wedding I'm buying a yfl choker I
literally walked right in and said they
got it in yesterday so
timing and I'm going to be buying it
like right now it's so cute what Kenny's
in his element which requires all
fingers so we're riding home and I'm
looking at all of these heavy freaking
designer bags and you know what I'm
thinking themselves do not shop when you
have any alcohol in your system Loki
Loki kind of don't remember what I got
it'll be a surprise you know I remember
one purchase we get a beer sweet sour it
was $1,000 I got two beers week hmm yes
hold on
I mean it's adorable but why the heck
would I buy a Burberry teddy bear you
know I gotta get a nice shot of this
next to the shipping oh my god please
don't hate on my crazy weird life
decision so I just cooked it on
Instagram will help fun this cute little
gift is it's a fancy all over the yellow
Annabella if you guys didn't know I have
my own makeup list on the makeup Plus
app which is like a makeup filter so you
could have like no makeup on and see a
picture and have makeup on which is
super cool and I don't know if you could
read what I said but I wrote hey guys
make sure to download the makeup
close-up and download my makeup soldiers
and look if you use my makeup filter on
your theme upload it to instagram with
the hashtag nancy looks like ass there's
no fee has a chance of being in my nice
vlog well guess what guys you are going
to be in my next vlog because I'm about
to go to the hashtag and feature some of
your guys selfies
oh this is so pretty oh my gosh yeah I'm
going to like all these
so Hugh
that's what Gabrielle and I weighed over
there looks like a car all love your cow
my gosh I wish you guys would use
pictures of yourself on fan pages and
not as me because you guys are so cute
girls are so pretty oh my gosh so pretty
okay guys don't mind me while I have
this mild hangover mmm I'm eating some
zucchini pasta that I made who's hot I'm
currently sitting in my room closet and
I'm gonna give you guys a haul with what
I bought no sure
so the first thing I'm going to show you
guys I show you guys in the car is this
adorable of Burberry there I know before
I was laughing about it but I genuinely
really like this I feel like it's a good
way to make your Q stand out I was
making all the time so I have a cute big
Burberry bear on my keys I don't think
I'll be losing them next I went to
Neiman Marcus and I bought the prettiest
Chanel ring it looks like this I put it
on like this it's like BAM the next
purchase from Gucci oh my gosh
oh my gosh I just sometimes need to be
drunk to buy those things that I'm like
now should I buy it shut up I'm like buy
it later on down the road I thank myself
so much for buying it and like sticking
to it
I got these adorable Gucci shoes and for
the daily saw me look at these in store
I absolutely fell in love I'm so glad I
bought these I feel I can wear these
everywhere now it comes with so Kikuchi
protector bag then I went to wire sell
this YSL choker how cute is so cute
then I went to Henri Bendel and I got
this adjustable choker that has strings
that hanging down the back which I'm in
love with the very vintage styles like
1920s
it's sparkles so much it's rose gold
obviously all my jewelry's like rose
gold and then got this bracelet
it's so Blainey I'm in love then I got a
cute keychain for my keys it's Henri
Bendel and they put a gold G on it and
right now I'm going to attach my
Burberry van
tada my keys are about to be sliced up
yes so these are my keys with tipping
air and Henri Bendel key holder never
going to lose these and last but not
least drumroll please
I've got this adorable Chanel backpack
it looks yellow but it's really cream
and because like I'm going to the beach
and stuff a lot and like vacation and
trips I want like a cute little backpack
that I can bring I actually love
everything I got I thought I would
regret something maybe the bear because
it is a lot for something so silly that
I'm actually really happy with
everything I got
clown and I are going to go on a date so
that's laughs there's never a cute
little straw but unfortunately the tough
dough and the waters
I hope I scare I looked over here
mmm look over get a mask so this is the
end of today's fancy blog I love you
guys so much I look like this because I
had makeup on my face all day so yeah I
really want to take care of my skin so I
will see you guys in my next dancey blog
