hey guys so I'm about to go to the mall
do you want to know why it's really
ridiculous
so I twenty-two years old my body
decided to change and like grow like my
boobs grew but I've been wearing my bras
because my boobs grew so they don't fit
my bras I've been braless for like a
long time like during blood clean
filming I was not wearing any bras and
everyone was like noticing so lo
Canberra's going to go to the mall of
ken ken we're going to meet up with our
friends I had no idea like at 22 years
old why my views aside to grow to sub
sizes everyone thought I got a boob job
so yeah I feel like a 12 year olds all
over again I'm about to go bra shopping
Seoul of you who are flat-chested and
you're younger there's still hope for
you blessed I'm 22 years old and my
boobs just grew to cup sizes
on another note you guys know that
makeup Plus app that I always use for my
Instagram selfies that I showed you in
vlogs before
we're like if it's like you could put
like a filter on your face kind of like
a snapchat filter and it has like makeup
preset I've showed you like Paris
Hilton's looks I've showed you like
nikkietutorials I've showed you with
like a bunch of different looks guess
what I'm going to have my own looks on
the makeup cloth app so you have to
choose from like three of my looks I'm
going to show you an example after I'm
done explaining but like pretty much if
you don't know what makeup classes you
could have no makeup on or if you make
up those crappy in a selfie that you
like you could like fix it on this app
it's so cool and I'm gonna have to be
looks they're gonna be called rosy Ella
wanna Bella and fancy Ella
Rosie Ella's like a rose gold mono Bella
is like my traditional winged eyeliner
kind of like poking fun at how people
call me like wanna Bella or like ariana
grande want to be then the four preset
is fancy Ella it's a completely fancy
makeup look I'm going to show you guys
after I'm done explaining like a little
sneak peek of like my makeup preset I'm
going to show you me playing around with
the AR glam which is a new feature so
this is to make a puff up but um this is
AR glam here I'm just going to show you
real quick these are so fun
did I tell you I'm a mouse duh I could
just take a picture of myself and edit
any kind of like makeup on it
you can choose whatever you want you can
go to collections and I'm going to have
a collection on this app so you could
use one of my makeup preset there's like
Daniels chinchilla which is our honors
makeup artist there's nikkietutorials is
Akasha friendly this is one of my looks
called rosy Ella it's like a rose gold
look and then I have this look this is
my winged eyeliner list this is called
wanna Bella so these are all makeup
filters you guys are going to be able to
apply to your faces to get my makeup oh
these are the bras that I'm getting
would you like a little haul right now
it won't be fun I believe opening so I'm
getting just cute pink one I show the
girl anything like pink and Suzy she's
like I watch your videos like I'm
getting like sexy red ones I'm getting
this pastel pink ones and I'm getting
this nude one that's like has a little
bit of a push up to it it's a kind of
like blush to make sure I started eyes
I'm going to post on my snaps tour why
is the crowd focusing I swear it says 32
there we go I got a bunch of those bra
they showed you I'm not going to do
another little haul but then I went to
Sephora
and I got my favorite foundation ever I
got a super dark color and like a medium
yellowy color because my skin color
adjusts in the summer and I need to mix
them but yes my favorite foundation ever
from Clinique I also had a lot of div
point so I got this box because it has a
bunch of like anti-aging serum and skin
firming things and even though I don't
need it I love putting anti-aging things
on my face before I do my makeup because
it's like really tightens it
then I got a glam glow face mask because
they're just amazing oh my god I'm going
to put one on tonight
and then I got that's like really really
cute rose gold powder from makeup
forever
it's called starlet powder if it would
just focus that would be great it's not
focusing and then in Bath and Body Works
I got like a crap ton of Emma's weekend
wallflowers because that is the scent
that I use all over my apartment and
smells so good all over my apartment
hey guys so I'm currently in car now on
the way to the doctor he's spending his
day off from work take me to the doctor
a very good question
so this is like a mini story time I'm
going to tell you what happens like at
the Blood Queen
caps party it was pretty much we were
swimming in the river and there's a rope
swing and it's so fun
well not fun anymore I always jump from
the rope swing the rope swing is like
mush it it's so fun and I do was call it
all the time but we came back to the
rope swings in summer and their second
one necklace unlike Colin lets you like
be target and jump from rope to rope so
Calvin was able to do it very
successfully and then I was like a con I
can do it - I was trying to make him off
crowd I was trying to impress everyone I
went to go do it I did grab the other
rope but then when it was time for me to
jump off of the other rope the tree was
it either I jump in on the rock like the
shallow end or the tree like it was way
too late to jump so I jump down on the
rock and I might have broke my foot
again the same fire broke in the
beginning of making Gaby in like
2013-2014 Oh see I'm wearing my boot
again because it hurts really bad I'm
going to insert a picture right now what
my foot looks like it was just a most
like epic rope swing fail ever
you were on a rope swing and bailed when
did you know I like a video of it and
everything because I was expecting it to
be like successful oh but it was not not
at all things shiny or my take on food
yeah take a look at it
yeah okay I think you got I think he may
have done a look what more like a stress
fracture here there were rocks
everywhere and I I was like is neither
the tree or the rock though oh my gosh
yeah
you're going to get more black and blue
you're probably going to get a streaking
of yell up the leg you may just going to
look lovely before if you heal
completely it's probably going to take a
good it might take up to six weeks worth
of you tonight a bit aware the boot I
would wear them only for three we are I
feel that's like that support again the
DL good yeah that was you better global
I think by then you'll probably feel
like you won't be able to wear her whole
day like I'm normally able to but yeah
you'll be able to do for a little while
brushing right in here see how this is
like sort of symmetrical in a way and
there's like some change in there and
it's right where you're come in those
team so what fracture oh yeah okay I
know that was bad I put a horrible one
huh so right here looks pretty normal
huh yeah we'll look at the look I may be
rocking a boot
oh well and let's give you lemons you
make lemonade going to rock this boot
