I think conquering the world one Zalando
time yeah you get her to start by
cleaning - plated and Deardon back up
very distressing moment and again
look at the crowd
day one in Sussex was we're packing
everything away and we're going back to
the green room
good morning
so this is day 1 of filming we're at our
first call time I'm not used to this
makeup because we have to do like
completely like different makeups and
four characters we're not playing
ourselves but this is my first outfit
and Ali is currently in her first outfit
and gnash currently and her first outfit
- rope and you like the fake blood just
showing it on the counter it was like
such a message to the green room - side
room but this is like where the party
themes take place in this room oh my
gosh we have just like propylene
everywhere
