you
hey fancy babies I just got back from
the airport what am i doing of course
I'm running errands because I'm always
busy but I did so because I want to ship
off my new Tosh mark orders as soon as I
get back from the beach so I just posted
three new items onto my shop by shop
will be linked down below Poshmark app
will be linked down below and you can
download the app for free by clicking
that line and if you're an engaged user
please comment down below what your
shops name is because I just think it's
so cool and I was like stalking your
guys shops and sometimes they even buy
things from you guys I bought a few
things last month from like two people
that watch my fancy blogs and thank you
you guys should totally make offers on
my items totally negotiable I love when
you guys make offers I don't want to
like rip anyone off and if you guys
don't know what Poshmark is I suggest
you totally check it out here I'll show
you my stuff right now
so this is my shop and it's called fancy
Ella and I just posted this can-can
perfume this Michael Kors bag and it's
vintage leather jacket I will be posting
more yeah this is what it looks like I
posted a lot before and I'm just a busy
girl now I'm going to go get my nails
fixed because they just aren't looking
cute right now and I want them to look
good for tomorrow
so right now we're on the way pitch may
meet up with Hamlet judge but if you
guide my longtime viewers and remember
like my blog gossamer I met up with them
at the beach
and we got really close and then we met
up again and around Christmas time and
now we're meeting up again this summer
so I'm like really excited we're not
staying out of bed and breakfast this
time we're actually seeing at an air
beauty that I read to so I would say we
are now
so we just made it into our Airbnb I got
a beach cottage it's so cute you walk in
it says memories are made here there's a
kitchen there's like bedrooms and
bathrooms with stuff like that look at
this so you come up here and there's
literally a bed for cam live and Jeff
okay a room for the three girls and then
mom and dad are here
I'm kissing and there's a wicker chair
if you don't know why we find this
hilarious you guys need to watch last
summer's vlog but oh my god look it's
literally Baba dad and the girl this is
so perfect so mom and dad get a balcony
well there's an outdoor shower
yeah this is so cute and like vintage no
gosh I'm upset another bathroom what's
over here someone's going to get injured
like right here so I'm not going to get
in here ready reach the bathroom I'm
looking mr. another bedroom mommy
daddy's happy bedroom this is our other
bed oh my gosh in another bedroom just
the cute like selfie mirror what honey
bear time for games so the girls are
here
hi guys you are not ready to see the bed
set up this is basically like yeah like
a little vintage cottage this is like
orphanage style I like three bags can we
said you're going to get this bed
because we're putting two mom and dad I
know what your character you know it so
cute in here oh my god I never got never
leaving this what does our room Colin
are going to try to figure out how to
get it cooler in here probably gonna
open the windows and like get more than
original it will probably sleep with our
door open because we have like a lot of
air in there so y'all brought your
vintage nightgown we're going to be oh
my god we got last time creepy guys I
got you all Henri Bendel beach guy what
I just figured we are on the beach a
little different at Bermuda it's
beautiful though lucky
it's turning
famous all right if they're right mm-hmm
say hi for the fancy blind girl we're
always looking it Ian
so I pretty much told cam I said whoever
goes in the water with their clothes on
wins a special surprise from mommy cam
rose water plops of the waves I'd sit
drop down which are close on one second
and I ran back and put like my hat in my
bag of in Iran in and I soaked next to
cam that everyone's okay up I just gave
myself a blob according to
this is our shed this is my new shed I
just bought
we're riding our bikes in this really
pretty neighborhood and cam and just to
get a flat tire that looks like that for
surfing me you know all the people
sources me right I'm done you're still
gonna ride it look how pretty it is you
said we're going with Wow
wouldn't we
present I'm good and don't know huh she
said I promise you I'm doing all that
yeah
embarrass you all the time yeah you're
sleeping come here hey guys
so long story short we all stayed up
till 5 a.m. I say if you go look at our
snaps we're literally up till 5 a.m. we
woke up late with really 12 and now
we're going to the beach public one I
need them all aren't your little baggies
and this is my custom tree okay I'm
gonna oh there are my girl thank you I
know I was telling them how this is my
favorite swimsuit like I own so I've
made them little McChicken money we had
a leftover chicken from Loyola hey I'm
literally mom I like being mom I love it
thank you
mommy mommy you're a good daddy
it's so beautiful out but the water
speaking of cold the water so different
from Vernita this bird
swallows fries and a whole do another
four are due to the price wait give me
those care Gaby throw my fried throw a
fry make sure it lands right up in front
of him
watch watch oh yes fight to the death
oh my god
so I just got done doing everyone's
makeup it looks like Jed oh my god
dreams can come true
for my topic complete it's not - just as
we go look so pretty just dissipated
person all of this emotional issues of
all praise you this is so pretty
see something real if I wanted rather
like what guy isn't killing body right
now gotta get moving sure I show good
I'm in a live oh my gosh your husband RJ
oh my gosh my girl is dead yeah but
certificate now we're going to all go
take an all-time photo on my Gary Locke
we're doing that
and oh my gosh
why did I just find a penis Jim oh what
Oh what did I drop it
wait this is out from from this is what
I mean by my knowledge it's not a penis
Jim oh I needed to focus where is all
the reviews for this place is the best
bachelor party ever
really yes well I oh my god I think you
right you actually read the review yeah
wait thank you sister injustice no
parties all the comments like we're the
best touchpad wherever and make sense
look at all the beds hey guys
so I was editing this ni rise I don't
have an outro so yes I'm home now and so
the blog clean and I missed the beach so
much it hurt to edit this because I just
want to be there having so much fun sup
oh my gosh she's I aren't ready for the
next fancy vlogs going to be like the
behind the scenes of blood clean oh yeah
how could I forget to let you guys know
guess what today is its two-year
anniversary of fancy blogs by gab yes
cheer anniversary you heard that loud
and clear two years I felt like it was
only appropriate to do like a photo
booth outro because that's what I always
did in the beginning so yeah love you
guys thank you so much for everything
can't believe ran over a million and
into it Josh's ass in cement
