hey guys so it's been so long since I've
done one of these girly hauls this past
weekend I was looking on my older videos
on fancy blogs by gap and I was like
it's long overdue since I've done like I
sit down wearing like a nightgown
showing some fancy things kind of ha so
that's exactly that I'm indifferent to
you guys and before I get started I know
I'm going to get a lot of questions on
my bun chin it's like Nana stars it's
like super cute it's one of the wardrobe
pieces for blood queens for my character
which I'm playing Gabby but I'm
basically Chanel Oberlin so this piece
is going to be worn a lot it's from Mike
ish it's I'll have it written down below
my coupon code is Gabby ga bi in all
capitals and 20 so if you want to buy
this you can get it on a big discount
so I recommend my coupon code this is
also a costume I'm going to be wearing
for blood queens the reason I'm dressed
like this is because we have our table
reading tonight because I so follow the
blood queens Instagram make sure to
follow it and if you don't know what
that is it's a spin-off of scream queens
scream queens decided to cancel for
season three so because all my viewers
love scream queens I decided I'm going
to make my own web series it has nothing
to do with screw clean but it is style
wise completely inspired by supreme
Queen so the squad is going to play
characters similar to the Chanel's I'm
playing a character similar to Emma
Lawtons character Chanel overland and
it's going to be live every week in
October it's going to call blood queens
and you guys should totally get all hype
and follow the Instagram right here so
I'm going to get started because all of
these pieces are so glam so girly I
would show more of what I got from Toby
but that clothing is completely
different from the clothing I'm about to
show you and I'm wearing it in season 2
of niki and gabi Spring Break yes you
know I got picked up for another season
but it's going to be called summer break
and that's going to air August or
September so that's good news all the
clothing I'm not showing is going to be
a nickname gap summer break so I'm going
goes down below
you want to be ahead of the game and buy
the outfits I'm going to be wearing so
the first piece I'm going to show you
from Toby is this adorable maxi dress
it's satin at the top with stripes on it
and it's chiffon at the bottom I really
love this I wish I had this when I went
on vacation my next vlog I'm going to be
a beach bob because I went to the beach
again that's why I'm still really sad
not still from Bermuda the next thing I
bought was this cute little like next
Thai neckties are so in this season so
it's like very retro I love that these
are in they're very like Audrey Hepburn
the next thing I bought is this cute
satin periwinkle dress it's like a wrap
dress and tie it wrap dresses are
everything this season so then I went
ahead and bought a bunch of pajama
shorts because like over summertime I
love love love to be comfy but it's way
to offer sweatpants so I got these
they're super comfy and elastic I got
these I love the material they're very
very shabby chic and then I got these
and they have cute little buttons down
the side
speaking of comfy I went ahead and
bought this bralette and it ties over
the shoulders it's so cute it meets with
the other side and you could tie like a
bow on top of your shoulders so if
you're wearing something that's like
going to show your shoulders or if
you're just wearing this with something
it would be so cute just hi little bows
then I went ahead and bought some bikini
top this is like the stuff for something
I bought this cute white leopard bikini
top I mean there is no support on it but
it's such a good material you don't
really need any padding for this one
and then I went ahead and bought another
bikini top I love this bikini top
because it looks just like a bralette or
something the way that it's styled I
went ahead and bought these high-waisted
bottoms I think they're so sexy with
like a little like I don't know what to
call it like the little circle rejoice I
don't know so cute and then I bought
another banjo that has like a band that
goes around your waist too so this
covers your boobs a band that attaches
from the bralette that wraps around your
ribcage
it's adorable then I bought these super
pretty short so it looks like a skirt it
looks like a really short skirt and I
love that they're short because you
don't to worry about like flashing every
once and then I bought a black satin
high-waisted skirt it's like a circle
skirt so it's not like a skater skirt
halo I then got a tube top that's a
leotard so it looks like this there's no
sleeves playing but it goes under the
bottom and I like that because it makes
it very easy to tuck into things and
like I hate when I took a shirt and some
pants or something there's like a big
bulge and it looks like your blower or
something then I got these adorable
comfy shirt save up like a skirt so you
can wear them really short but you're
not in flash anyone I'm so into that
look I don't know if you can tell
they're more peachy than pink like more
orange but I like that especially it's
like you have a tan or something then I
got another tube top that looks like
this it's white I have a feeling this is
going to be like somewhat see-through so
you might want to like buy a strapless
bra you're going to wear something like
this to make sure to mood and last but
not least for the clothing I bought this
adorable blush leotard
that's blush lace and the back is like
blush stripes with mesh and it's just so
cute I get like total French vibes from
this totally ghosts my Instagram video
follow me on instagram you totally
showed right here
they sell Steve Madden on to leech I got
these cute slides I have yet to buy five
this summer which is really weird for me
but they're so cute it's like a satin
it's okay little knot I feel like they
go to all my outfits so then I bought
these cute like newsflash blush flat
sandals and I have with little furry
heels I don't have anything flat that's
furry that kind of looks like a heels
without video I know I was totally
turned on by these needed to buy these
amazing you know it's like that you're
so girly for black Queens I went ahead
and bought these adorable
Chanel looking boots I totally recall
that she weren't like boots like this in
the pilot for season one so hippy showed
her she's walking in the halls because
she's such a queen so I had to get to a
definite wardrobe piece it's like for
sure and last but not least I got more
fairy shoes and these are more like an
ivory white like they're not light but
they're ivory kind of like the shoes I
showed before more white and I just
thought they're really cute I don't have
any details that have a chunky heel they
all kind of have like a stiletto and I
don't have any other this short so again
this is just something easier to wear
than all my other furry slippers and
heels
alright guys that was it that was my
summer 2017 early summer haul let me
know in the comments down below what
piece is your favorite and also let me
know if you're going to be buying this
crown piece and if we're going to be
twinning
alright I love you guys so much and
please stay tuned for the next vlog it's
literally so exciting do you guys next
time bye
