hey guys so I am on my way to get my
rose gold hair those who stopped my last
vlog know that I got this new look going
on because I'm trying to get rose gold
into this kind of like Tony topaz from
Riverdale I'm actually wearing my
Southside serpent sure to wrap my
character just cuz she totally inspired
what I'm about to do I'm gonna keep up
with you guys when I'm in the salon
that's for now I'm gonna go because I'm
gonna curse your nails are so ready to
do my hair and right alright oh my gosh
guys look at the colors that we're gonna
put in my hair it's this one right this
isn't really paint but I can squirt it
in the other one if you want to see that
as oh I'm so excited you know it's gonna
be a good day when your hair dyes
sparkly
hey guys so this is what it looks like
so far we just rinsed the color out so
far so good completely what I'm going
for right now the whole color is fall on
so I'm just gonna set this right here
and we're gonna blow it out
hey guys so this is the finished look I
am loving it guys it's exactly what I
wanted I've never done a color outside
of like the norm like a funky color I've
usually only done like Browns blonds
black brunette like Auburn's but I've
never done anything wild and I am really
loving this rose gold
tawny topaz inspired hair oh my gosh
obsessed thank you so much Sasha from
American Airlines it himself you guys
want to get the same look you know where
to go and the diet was like glittery so
I feel like it's glittery and shiny and
just so pretty it actually is still a
little but I love it oh my god obsessed
now I just got to get a Southside
service jacket and I'm good okay so I
have common in the car with me now and
we're gonna go to a trampoline park
because I've never been to one and I
really really want to go
so me and this monkey budget skyzone
right guys I genuinely kept messing it
up the poor worker is a fancy baby I was
like oh my gosh you should get in my
fancy blog so I pull out the camera
first time accidentally call it free
fall the other trampoline park second
time I accidentally called her Brianna
but she all she told me the dream was
Bri and I just assumed her name is
Brianna and it's Brielle then the third
time I said free fall again and us guys
own so I was so embarrassed I was like
I'm so sorry I guess I just should have
blogged this and then I put it away then
I totally think I scared off the fancy
baby
I felt really bad like nothing's worse
than screwing up someone's name and then
like the place they work at like more
than once I feel so stupid
jump in the wall
don't you have to jump in
come on
what are you doing you look like a
trapeze artist
just in on it get the stand
do it again you don't sit on it Debbie
you're never gonna okay come on here my
arms
we got a cramp you walk across them
so guys I'm at the studio right now with
Andrew
and we are basically composing our own
instrumental to the cover that we're
doing and this is some intense notes
it's like definitely not using that but
how funny is that you some use hits yeah
we've been playing with strings a lot
for this no no that's that's too intense
those notes I think are cracking me huh
it's like Dracula
hey guys so I'm currently getting ready
for bed I have a face mask on and it's
like clearing off Jay and I are watching
some youtubers on TV and we have to get
to bed cuz we have a big day tomorrow a
long day tomorrow so you know so peace
out I'm gonna wait till some of this
dries a little more or else I would peel
it all off for you right now but there's
a lot of wet spots so I'll see you guys
in the morning
I have more hey guys we are on set of my
Valentines Day cover and it's so far
going so well there's some things I
wanted to vlog earlier but it would give
too much away and it was just beautiful
I can't wait for you guys to see it this
isn't what I'm wearing by the way this
is just like my chill going to do my
music video shoot outfit so yeah juicy
hoodies guys I don't know if you've
noticed but I've been my nose contour is
not one that at all I've been very
obsessed with Juicy Couture lately like
it's a really sick obsession I've been
having and some people could think it's
like super 2007 but I feel like I'm
going through a 2007 obsession right now
like I've been listening to Gwen Stefani
I've been listening to like the Cheetah
Girls I've been like weirdly obsessed
with that era because I miss it I
watched a school musical the other night
I feel like my viewers are just like
this we're young to understand what it's
like to miss it's like an era because
like you've probably only been like
living in one or two but those of you
who are my age probably understand the
whole missing like an era thing I just
like really missed like 2007 2000 on
this time period when like my speed was
if they
and when xanga and a I am but I'm gonna
go now because we're filming and I'll
keep up with you a little later when I'm
in my dress
okay guys so we just wrapped the shoot
but I wanted to show you my dress
because I said I would and I completely
forgot so this is what it looks like
this is a beautiful place guys like I
feel like this vlog is actually really
long I saying that but like for some
reason they're only staying at like ten
eleven minutes I used to do like 20
minutes long so I don't know what's
going on but I love you guys
and I'm gonna see you guys in my next
fancy vlog sorry if this one short and
if I'm just like over predicting or
something I love you guys and stay tuned
