beautiful
now you guys are probably wondering why
I have a smoky eye and why did such
heavy makeup it was too much highlight
on my toes anyways ignore how shiny my
name is right now I'll fix that but
basically I'm in LA right now as you saw
my last vlog I was in Bermuda with Colin
and I've been in LA for like a week and
we've been really missing each other so
he's actually flying in today and I'm
just like so excited I'm so excited he's
coming today he actually just texted me
that he landed and I decided that even
though he loves how I look naturally he
one of his favorite looks that I never
really do is a smokey eye so I decided I
was going to do a smokey eye for him
when he comes and I also went shopping
at Victoria's Secret yesterday for the
semi-annual sale so I got some perfume
that he likes that where is the first so
this perfume called Pease this is like
deep perfume I was wearing when we met
and like fell in love and stuff so
anytime I'm wearing this he freaked out
long story short I haven't repurchased
it since I ran out of it when we met so
I was probably wearing it like the first
three months we were together and then I
ran out and then stopped wearing it so
then yesterday when I was at the
semi-annual sale I saw this and I was
like I'm gonna get it and I want to see
if Conrad notices oh yeah I don't like
how the smoky eye looks on me I feel
like someone like punched me in the eyes
but other than that I mean I think it's
a pretty sexy look I think you'll like
it do you think you like
sorry about all the new like Carlos's I
like to leave my windows open because I
love fresh air but you know I'm going to
show you guys when I got as a semi
annual sale so the first thing I got
because I am traveling a lot I'm going
to the beach again I'm leaving here
Sunday and then Colin and I are going to
the beach on Monday and we're meeting
some friends and there will be a vlog
but I decided to get another like
cosmetic bag I do have a small makeup
bag that I put my travel makeup in but
my toiletry bag where I have like my
little mini shampoos and toothbrushes
and all that stuff like it's just a
little like Kylie cosmetics silver bag
with the lips on it and it's just way
too small so I upgrade it then I got
this sports bra and it like zips up it
reminds me of that or its bra that you
have to wear after you get a boob job
that like pulls them in place I don't
know I always thought this look cute
then I also obviously want underwear
shopping but like come on look how cute
this is adorable you have a 5 for 28 I'm
not show underwear then I got this
pullover and I love the colors it's like
this pretty like coffee color with like
a blush and Y in it low-key
reminds me of like the Kim Kardashian
lip kiss with Kylie's cosmetic line I
don't know why but like the colors
reminded me of it just so not used to me
with a smoky eye what the heck I feel
like Nicki right now
then I got this top look out soon if you
like this will look so cute with my
spooky eyes then I got these sweatpants
yeah these are so cute
it's just pink and there's like rose
gold sequin and then I got these pajama
short
they're real company and then I got more
vanilla lays those you who watch my
vlogs a lot know that I love vanilla
lace it smells like a cupcake if you
guys want to turn me on to this so thank
you Tila but every time I'm like this
close to running out I like me to
restock like this is my go-to scent is
amazing but yeah that's what I got this
study annual sale so I forgot to bring
my blog camera but I went shopping and I
got these cute slippers and I got these
new Javan cheese sunglass and I would
show within the big Henri Bendel bag but
you'll see that in my next vlog if you
catch my drift
but yes look at these how cute so this
is my lunge it's from the veggie grill I
got fake chicken nuggets which is made
out of tofu and it tastes really good
I'm almost done with them and see potato
fries and I got beans and Jesse got
these likes oscillating things that are
so good and I'm going to trick Collin I
actually got him a box of these and I'm
going to tell them they're buffalo wings
said yeah we're just going to have to
wait and see you can smell that they're
fake or not
what Mikey said I had on me I cannot hit
the spot doctor a few minutes about it
oh right even yummy stuff it's not
really chicken I can tell it's tofu so
use it out
I
okay guys so I'm going to close my fancy
vlog I'm tired
you may call this perfect today yeah
yeah they follow the little children I
did it for you
smokey I never do too spooky I know
that's because like I'm scared I was
like I got punched in the eye yeah you
don't look you have you guys and stay
tuned for the next fancy blog it'll be a
beach beach beach let's get away no wait
the next one's going to be the Love Bug
and then goodnight
