beautiful hey guys so I'm going to start
this vlog off by saying I cut my hair a
little bit because it was just way too
long and like it's summer and I want to
swim and I'm going to be going away a
lot but I first want to show you some
alpha such as came in the mail and
they're from my new site I want to
interest you God called gammas GA mi SS
and this is the first thing that came in
that I'm obsessed with
it is so beachy and pretty it's so flowy
and I feel like a loser from the beach
the next thing I bought was this
scandalous one the next one suit is this
one and this top is my absolute favorite
because I'm a passive owning like
triangle swimwear
and I would have like tropical patterns
this would be so so cute for an
Instagram picture guys let me know in
the comments down below which since is
your favorite I think this is my
favorite then I got this red cover up
top which you tie right here and I'll do
that right now
I think this is such a good cover-up for
the beach and I forgot to tell you guys
everything it's going to be linked down
below and i also got this swimsuit and
you could also wear this as like a
unitard leotard
this is one of my favorite ones oh my
gosh it's so cute look at this the last
thing I got with this swimsuit and Shani
20 fact I might be wearing this top as
like a shirt to go out you can wear them
as shirts in swimsuits so so now I'm all
dressed up and I'm ready to go out with
my friends and going out with friends
that will those of you who watched
knicking gap Spring Break it's the same
crew
guys I'm time I can okay
Brielle's infamous Brielle and comments
and oh yeah guys I got a new bed
so yeah hi Nikki Annie and now we're
waiting on Mike we're all going to the
Broadway social tonight as you guys know
to watch our Spring Break show we love
to go to Broadway social and we're going
to bottle service and it's going to be
super fun so we always get our own party
bus for us and our friends to go to
Broadway social
hey guys it's the morning I am so tired
I actually went to a bridal shower this
morning because the old babysitter from
when I was little is getting married um
I don't want to continue going on in
this vlog without talking about what
happened earlier this week I know I
talked about it briefly on Twitter it's
not my place to talk about what happened
I've been very bothered I haven't been
blogging that much miss week because
when I found out what happened on Monday
I was in bed for a few days I was too
scared to go outside and I know that
sounds like dramatic and I know there's
some of you that like even live in the
UK but it wasn't that I was scared that
would happen to me it was just that I'm
scared because it's just evil in the
world is so real and I'm scared of all
the evil in the world and not everyone
has nice intentions like me it
emotionally affected me because I have
felt unsafe a lot this year and the one
place I felt truly safe was at the
dangerous woman
show so god bless everyone that lost
someone and god bless those who are
affected and god bless those who are no
longer with us anymore because someone
decided to be evil I'm really
emotionally bothered because I don't
know what I would do if anything
happened to one of you guys so I'm
praying for Ariana this will be on her
for the rest of her life you guys mean
the world to what happened this week was
just one of those things that you can't
control I just wanna let you all know
that you all need so much to me and I
love you all so much I'm going to leave
it up there I'm not going to talk more
on this on the topic because it still
bothers me and I'm still very much
shaken up but God loves the world I want
you guys this to be safe I don't want
anything to happen you guys
thank you so much oh my gosh guys hey
what I'm vlogging oh I love you so Colin
just got his car next to me thought I
was talking to myself and he's always
been weird so I have to try his eyes
what just happened oh my god okay pretty
much last night I went out you saw the
footage of me going out I keep thinking
you forgetting you saw the footage of me
going out I didn't know this last night
but someone stole my debit card I still
have my credit card thing god but
someone stole my debit card and I'm
going away on vacation tomorrow and I'm
going internationally so yeah I need my
cards I need my money because it's the
Memorial Day weekend it's going to take
a long time for my new cards to come
anyways I thought that I had it this
whole time
until I checked my I checked my app my
bank app and I was like where did I last
you my debit card so I wanted to go
check to see where I last used it so I
know like where I could have left it I
saw the last purchase but it was at this
pizza place that I never worked a pizza
so I was like oh my gosh like I got
drunk and lost my card and someone
picked it up so what and bought a pizza
I quickly called the company and I had
my card cancels before this person did
any more damage so yeah for the past
like two hours I was like frantic
calling thanks I paid off my credit card
so I could use my credit card instead
I'm just like so annoying like why do
people just like see a card on the
ground and then like go Jesus see I I
don't know if it's cuz I'm a good person
but I just don't have it in me to do
that I don't know but whatever whatever
now I'm going to my parents and I'm
filming a video with Nicki
so we just got done filming a video for
the niki and gabi channel has to do with
makeup hint hint so I just got back to
my apartment and I'm going to do some
packing because I go on vacation
tomorrow
I'm so tired I've been running around
all day who call me a minimalist I just
sent everything that I need right in
this little duffel bag oh my gosh I'm so
excited this is the smallest I've ever
packed before and we're staying for a
long time so I'm proud of myself
oh yeah I forgot to tell you guys this
is the other bed I have in my room and
Kenny staying with me this summer so
that's where he's staying
and then this is like that and I gotta
pack my Bible I always bring my Bible
everywhere I go you don't takes up a lot
of space I might bring some I carry on
like my backpack or something all right
guys so I just got some packing pennies
on his way over and I think I'm gonna
close wha let me know the kind of sample
of you're excited for my vacation vlog
and also let me know what kind of videos
you want to see for me and yeah I'll see
you guys next time love you so much
