hey guys so I'm currently at this super
cute pet house hotel room and obviously
with the bee squad because we're bougie
as hell and we're always getting us out
into bougie style
Emily and all right of course we have
like our BFF boyfriend is so exciting
we're actually filming a little
somethin'-somethin
so basically tomorrow and I'll say with
Nikki theurn niki and gabi video it
could be one of your Claudia's videos we
filmed it a long time and I'm going to
vlog the behind the scenes tomorrow and
then at night Ali's coming over and
we're literally trying on all these
outfits
try to pick our beautycon outfit because
you heard it that these claws going to
beautycon again and they're walking the
carpet this time they got talent passes
so it's going to be easier and later
this week like our vlogs are going to be
lit stay tuned for the vlog later this
week
so here's a little update we're still
staying at this really cute hotel and
our lovely neighbors are being a
complete jerk when we first got here we
came up to the hallway smell it smell it
it smells disgusting
so we reported them obviously we heard
them coughing next up is really annoying
we reported them and they know we're the
ones that require them so now they're
reporting us for every little thing that
runs up the first complaint was oh
they're opening the doors too much
they're opening the doors okay and the
second complaint was all the TV is too
loud and now we hear them because
they're right next door we hear them
like colleague making noise and without
action so annoying we reported you guys
know like smoking was against the rules
here like this was a first time you
check in so obviously I'm going to
report you and they're being really
mature about it is column like scaring
them he went around the room okay so
basically we have like this sound
oh my gosh so basically we have this
window that's like a balcony kind of go
like five five because we're immature
okay if anything happens after this
point like we deserve it but up until
now we we deserve a penny baby I want to
hear what Colin's experiencing over
there with like a bunch of dudes here
I'm thinking miscible no you're going to
ally with them horn what what what wait
wait yeah guys like it's gross which are
good go back outta here
my guess we're getting in trouble too no
wonder they're raping oh my god oh we
actually have to talk to you guys it's
really freaking it's good me yeah so
this morning I woke up to my Twitter
feed and all of my subscribers are like
scream queen subscribers and scream
queens followers anything with you guys
and my feed all like was skills people
DMing me and tweeting me oh my god it
was just declared yesterday that scream
queen season 3 not gonna custom Anna
they cancel scream queens those like the
worst things I've ever heard but like I
just decided to randomly like
impulsively tweet like hey guys so if it
gets enough retweets I'm going to make
my own series for my channel which is
going to be season 3 of scream queen I
didn't think it was like get as popular
maybe my suite was freaking viral had I
had my publicist assistants like email
me and tell me that my tweet has caught
attention and they were wondering if I'm
going to confirm that I'm going to be
doing like a scream queen series on my
channel yeah and I wanted to confirm it
like
article wise and I still will but as of
now
I'm going to tell you like it's
definitely going to happen yeah we have
film date we're not going to be the
Shaolin actress we're not going to don't
know so we're going to be the VP slot
it's going to be like what season 3
should be from scream queens but for
legal reasons we're going to be calling
it blood queens and it's going to be so
fun oh well you guys don't know what
you're in for that are not dying
that's all I'm no one's killing me gonna
be four episodes each episode is going
to be a Tuesday in October leading up to
Halloween because Halloween's on a
Tuesday this year so the last episodes
going to be on Halloween I'm so excited
I know yeah I guess I'm going to call
this vlog scream queens
season 3 yeah I'm really excited
this hotel is huge
I don't you guys remember this but it's
from the greedy video like this is a
different apartment obviously but it's a
hotel actually chi-town ok I'm giving
them a little tour oh my god comment
scare the crap out of me messing with
you there's a bedroom over there and
then there's a bedroom over here hey
guys it's the next morning I'm at my
parents house and right now I'm dressed
like Gabriella Montez because Nicki and
I are filming like I said a really
really fun video for the niki and gabi
channel oh my gosh you guys need to see
what Nikki's wearing hold on so this is
what makes you dress like can you guys
guess who she's gonna be for a jeans
Oh first day working oh my gosh this
kind of video like we're all different
kinds of characters like it's not just
like Gabriella Montez
and Hannah it's like we're everyone we
are literally everyone when I was little
I thought I was Gabriella and I make
this face all the time
so we're doing a Titanic theme yeah this
it wig looks grey but this wig is really
like a light blonde it's dark roots
that rose like a grouse creeping into
the waters that way you don't come shot
we're getting it wet like my outfit okay
there's a tarantula in the pool let me
get the key over here you Hale camera
got now oh my god that could really kill
you I can't honestly hurt you oh and a
lot I'm not oh my god yeah yeah like
make it straight across
yeah yeah pull the bottom - all right
right - come on hey guys so I'm watching
a movie and it's actually the quick need
me to be exact and I you guys like watch
that movie and Kenny's coming back
Colin's here and I have a face mask on
this is really loud
oh really and I am peeling this off
because it needs to be peeled
Oh
after all the makeup I've been wearing
yesterday and today I just need to do a
face mask yeah I'm gonna have to finish
taking off the rest of it in the
bathroom but I just wanted to close this
blog I actually have like all my new
clothes that came in I would do a call
but half the stuff I'm going to be
wearing like events and stuff and a lot
of this is going to be wardrobe for the
show that we're filming in June that I
told you about earlier in this vlog for
blood clean there's an Instagram for
already if you want to go follow it's so
crazy how fast this is happening because
we have to get script cleared for
copyright by the time we start filming
and filming starts like end of June
early July so I'm really excited so it
takes a while to get the script all
finalized with copyright we're calling
it blood queens because scream queens we
could get sued if we use that name
so we're basically our show is going to
be what even three could have been so
I'm excited to review more information
if you follow the Instagram page you
will see updates and then we're going to
post like behind the scenes of like us
filming with the camera crew and the
extras and it's just going to be so fun
we're going to put like the Wardrobe on
there it's going to be a super cute like
inside look at what's coming up and
what's being planned for we're a Blood
Queen I'm excited I love you guys and
I'll see you guys my next fancy boss hi
