hey guys it's gab and today I'm finally
doing another tune a I feel like it's
been so long since I've done a Q&A so
that's why I randomly decided to pull
out the camera and tweet you guys
hashtag a scab I literally just tweeted
this maybe right before I put the camera
on so I don't even know if I have enough
questions right now and we check Wow
okay so many questions I was wrong
before I answer any questions please
make sure to subscribe okay the first
question what do you use to clean your
floors I really want to know
damn hi cam I have a cleaning lady now
but I use the Swiffer have you been I
can't ever touch that one on tour again
hmm something may just be in the works
right now would you ever dye your hair
an abnormal color like pastel pink no
guilty pleasure TV show
definitely Jane the Virgin that's my
favorite one what's the last thing you
bought from Chanel they're at my parents
house I just put it in my blog called
the 3000 dollar luxury shopping spree
which is like three or two or three
blogs before this and I bought these
cute little Chanel summer sandals what's
your favorite song at the moment I don't
have a favorite song right now it's one
of those depressing time periods where
like I don't have a song and I'm excited
to jump in the car on blast let me know
in the comments down below if you have
any suggestions what is currently on
your lip I am wearing
it's either pumpkin or ginger from Kylie
cosmetics I'm pretty sure it's pumpkin
though you love anything orange on my
list what's your favorite makeup
products I have to say highlight I'm a
highlight scene my absolute favorite
highlight was this limited edition back
a highlighter called rose quartz and
every time I run out I like go on eBay
and I try to see if any are still stock
or anyone selling man yeah it's really
hard to hold up but that's what I'm
wearing right now favorite ariana song
um definitely moonlight that is just my
jam it's one of those songs that like I
could never get to guzzle favorite
vintage item you have
actually I got this at a meet-and-greet
and they said they got this at an
antique shop but it's so cute it's a
little like modest and there is like a
corset tie up in the back if you didn't
live in PA where would you want to live
I want to live in Bermuda tips are being
yourself okay this is like a huge one
because of all people you wouldn't think
I'd be getting this advice ball I do
guys know I was like overly inspired by
ariana grande at one point in my life it
was just so embarrassing I don't even
like half the pictures that are on
Google's idols lawn for over a year now
so Google what are you doing
I've always been girly I've always been
into vintage and like Paris and girly
things Chanel I truly feel like scream
queens help me find my style because up
until scream queens came out I was just
like looking for someone to get stylus
but I found youtubers that have their
own style and I was just so jealous and
I wanted my own thing because like I
felt like every youtuber is doing the
same thing like wearing the Cartier
bracelet like brandy melville Urban
Outfitters Topshop and I'm like wanna be
different like every youtuber is like
palm trees on their feed and water and
Beach pegs I was like I need to be
different so me trying to be different
at me like looking like us copying
someone else which I was I admit like I
was copying ariana grande but then there
came a time a point where I saw scream
queens
I saw the style that I love not the
style Ariana loves like this style I
love was in the show Ariana has so many
different styles and one of her Styles
is glam and gorgeous like Chanel Oberlin
so I was just like oh my god I'm nothing
like Ariana I don't have her style that
Chou totally made me like unn ariana
find myself it's not even make sense and
I feel great I feel like I'm Gabby now
and that's awesome so my advice would be
if you're struggling with finding who
you are is experiment watch different
movies search tumblr go online go on
Pinterest walk into stores you didn't
expect to go into and wait till you have
like an aha moment like I had all-time
favorite Starbucks drink I have two one
is all black
iced coffee with a crap
of vanilla powder you know with those
stations at Starbucks really there's
cinnamon chocolate powder vanilla powder
Splenda
I put a crop kind of like the vanilla
powder and it's just so good what did
the tattoo on you're saying why do you
never talk about it all right you know
I'm just going to leave this as the last
question because a really in-depth like
explanation but I finally feel like I'm
ready to talk about it so reason I
haven't talked about my tattoo on my
wrist is because I got this tattoo for
me not for everyone else so I never felt
like I owed anyone an explanation to
this tattoo other than myself so it's
personal enough where I didn't really
feel each all about it and I guess now
today got me talking about it so thank
you Monica
so basically at the beginning of every
book it says once upon a time and
growing up in high school I was bullied
severely I would cut myself I have scars
all over my eyes it's like disgusting
I'm not proud of it I have the reason I
hate posting hand pictures all I'm just
pasting the crap I don't like my wrists
it's just like a place where I really
want to fill up with tattoos because
they just don't like what's on there I
don't like seeing it I want like a
better reminder I wish I never did it
and so those of you who are going
through anything hard like please don't
do it may seem bad now but everything's
going to be better later on I promise
when you're in high school you're stuck
in this little world and you think all
that exists is in that high school but
when you graduate high school there is
so much so much and that was just one
little portion of your life and one
little portion of your world but in high
school it feels like that's all you know
it's really easy to get wrapped into all
that stuff I thought it would be
wonderful if every time I look down at
my breasts I don't see scars but I see
the beginning lines of a story and that
is once upon a time it's just a reminder
that like if I ever feel that low again
which I hope I know it's a reminder that
it's still the beginning and it's up to
you if you want to end your chapter or
if you want to add another chapter I
know about you guys but I'm totally down
for a ton of other chapters going to
take one more question let's see if you
could be in any movie what would you be
and why if Disney made another people
version of one of their movies just like
they did Beauty and the Beast in
Cinderella I would love for them to do
Peter Pan and I would love to be Wendy
also would love for them to do like
another Blue Lagoon movie and like I
would love to be like the girl castaway
I would love for them to do like another
high school movie I would love to be
Gabriella I know everyone thinks Sharpay
but I would love to be a briella with
like my black hair oh and I would love
to be in a Hallmark Christmas movie like
bucket list I love Christmas and I love
Hallmark I so that was my QA it was long
overdue I hope I answered a lot of your
questions and make sure to let me know
in the comments down below what kind of
blogs or videos you want to see on this
channel next week is going to be crazy a
blog so if you haven't subscribed
already make sure to do so I'm throwing
a party next week these guys having a
sleepover and I'm going to beautycon so
right there in there that's a lot of
different videos I'm going to be putting
out and I love you guys they fancy and
I'll see you my next fancy pause sign
