hey beautiful hey guys guess who's here
everyone loves when I vlog with United a
they're like they're like the girlies
vlogs ever so if you guys don't even
understand what we have planned in store
like tomorrow I'm going to do a full
beatdown on her I'm so excited I'm gonna
log it and then we're going to go
vintage shopping and then we're going to
go to this like cute Tea Room for dinner
we have Colin here so we're all going to
go to the food store and we're going to
find some yummy like vegan options to
make for dinner since M vegan and I mean
I don't want to talk too soon because I
did that last time but I'm dietarily not
like lifestyle wise and dietarily trying
to do the vegan thing again now that my
colitis is under control so I haven't
been eating meat or dairy or fish or
like eggs or anything like that
sometimes butter so that's why like I
don't want it and like sometimes a
little bit of dairy there's like a
dressing or something so that's I don't
want to speak too soon but I know people
like Matt back at me like that purse
isn't really good big disclaimer I'm
just I'm going to be vegan it's just
going to be dietarily like I love
animals I love everything but like I
have too many things that aren't being
and so I just look like a freaking
hypocrite you know true vegan yeah and
not me a birthday present yeah oh here
this is like so aesthetic
gorgeous oh my god look at the little
flower what if I just like set it up by
the Thai Baker bag with the vintage
poodle oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my god
hey I'm going to like the people that
really get my style you can do I love
for the bed
that's a vegan hot dog no I just you're
so hot yes so far we are shopping for
our meal it's gonna be so good we make
little cocktails with the help you oh my
god should have a super hot potato salad
I would go like assistant about potato
salad
where's Colin
let's go get the potato salad ice tray
this girl feeds me I asked her to get
like one of everything
operatic ask for that summons potato
salad
so we are making zucchini pasta and I'm
putting like this piece of seasoning to
make it more like spaghetti going to
like decodes of vegetable paste oh it
does smell like pasta so this is what we
have for dinner we have the zucchini
pasta sweet potato fries I am are
cheating a little bit with the potato
salad I have no idea what the creamy
stuff is all over I just assume it's
probably dairy so that's why I put like
a little tiny portion on that if you
have some vegan cheese I'm so excited
go watch em vlog when you're done
watching mine oh yeah YUM so I think
we've already with my face mask and can
we just take a moment at how cute this
sleepover setup is we are so ready to
have a girly sleepover I know we have
our little like apple cranberry cider
vodka drink I'm so good oh my gosh
cheers right hmm look how good you sir
such a cute picture oh my gosh let's
watch the Vaudrey f burn up in here
okay so right now Gabi's watching an
Audrey Hepburn movie was a blind
and it's cute as thing they're both like
olive up and they have their drinks and
they're watching so I'm gonna show you
so make sure they're not see
okay guys I'm about to end makeup she's
filming it too so make sure to check her
bag out
you
you
I just did her after these burgers
oh my gosh looks so good you close your
eyes and did a cute little making down
from the corner and our she'd about
forget yourself in the music oh my gosh
I love a lashes use I'll never wear this
much makeup right now focusing on me I
know I'm like in makeup artist attire
yeah you really are in Oh Ally got me
this apron for Booga Henry by Belize's
we're going over to shopping no exciting
or any late need to quickly start on our
lunch and I'm ready to be shot Henson
shopping and
so let's do it all the hot boxes look
literally look at all the glove
and this is your aesthetic so we're at
this antique mall and it's gonna take a
long time but we're going to look around
everywhere let's see what we can find
this deceptive person is real and it's
only $8 business and they're like you
like Epona's have enough have on your
vanity like oh I just found cups that
I'm buying oh my gosh and so the good
cops are like my VK oh this is one of my
favorite food
oh my gosh I love this oh my gosh I need
it reminds me of the Nutcracker so I
know so this is all the stuff and then I
got like bunched together we only do
this every time we hang out so I got the
cake tray and this skirt and I've got
this clutch and I got this cloth for my
vintage bathroom this is a piggy bank I
got these are cuffs I got this Doris Day
record is for em evil Smith goes to
Paris record it's for me and then click
house counter and for me and then gloves
and scarf I believe are for em
at all it looks so pretty okay guys so
Emma and I push up our hair and makeup
we changed into nicer dresses and now
we're going to go get dinner at this
super so go Torian cafe there's like
mainly like vegan so we're so glad I'm
in bed we've been talking about all day
I know literally so Emma and I are at
the restaurant and we're on this cute
little couch let me show you
I just look cute like a cute little
teaser and then she thanked her you got
if there's like a bakery like to the
left and I see it's a cute little bakery
or my favorite and like cupcakes yeah
Thank You angel whiskey
let's go to c3
restorable this little vegan dessert is
because you didn't eat something unless
the vlog it I'm gonna charge the
strawberry tart oh my god it's so oh my
god so good
this was my life
