hey guys so I'm currently in New York
City I have my own room to myself this
time I'm not sharing a room with Nikki
and I'm actually excited about it
because never do we ever have our own
rooms when we do little like YouTube
things so my rooms pretty cute it's like
this little table and the views not like
all that good but you have like an iPad
to control the lighting you've got this
big old bed I have a package from
YouTube I don't know what that's all
about but then you've got this nice
plant and this very fancy bathroom with
a cute shower and toilet and then
there's me that looks like I'm not
wearing any pants but I'm actually
wearing shorts under this this is a
bougie hotel because yeah listen to the
sound when you address the temp sounds
like futuristic hey guys so I'm about to
go down to like a youtuber like dance
class so I'm sorry my hair is like
messed up so basically um what's going
on with the next few days it's like
youtuber school we have a schedule it's
literally a bunch of like top creators
here and right now I'm going to dance
dance dance like you have your own
option of whatever workout you want to
do in the morning and I think this is
going to fill up pretty quickly it's
Mitchell Lane I think I'm going to wear
my youtube slippers that they gave me
should i the only people that got up are
Nicki yeah
I'm logging
so we finished with Beyonce dance club
and now we're eating breakfast and we
gotta go get ready there's like speaker
talking off of yours and I'm still bare
feet it's like I just showed up yeah you
guys did really good I am going to
insert the clip of us doing the Dion CJ
wrong
I'm gonna play myself a lot I bet no
I've definitely yeah I camera and like
this is our lunch table
Oh
hey guys they were the heels and
everybody was doing legs
we're cold compared to all we're going
to go on to pieces oh you like get to
sign up for an activity here and we all
decided that we're going to go sign up
to be on the future piece and I've never
done that your piece in my life so I put
this almost shirt on that was in my a
German off my back I don't know have you
people who can go and put on the belt
include Jon Cozart but I think I think
ozone Jennifer being probably the middle
and Chloe felt off
oh you're selfish see embarrass you live
that wish I'll just meet you hit me
Jesus
yeah I actually ended up I was ballsy
ones I mean Jean Arnie fruits I can't
even do it
I know this I know I hey guys so I'm on
my way to get the shuttle to go to
dinner I'm just wearing this white dress
this bralette that's like crisscross and
blush I have my YSL clutch from my
luxury brand haul that I did is like two
blocks ago or vlog ago and I'm wearing
my cute Dior lace shoes and I'm ready
bubi shuttlebay with the pudding
my
like a lot
wait
Oh
