hey beautiful hey guys so I'm back on
the East Coast it just got back from LA
two days ago and I'm going to New York
tomorrow for a YouTube thing but my
birthday is Friday and I don't have
anything to wear for my birthday so
Ali's taking me to the king of pressure
mall right now and if you guys don't
know this the king of Mercia mall is
legit first fancy vlog ever with films
with the king of pressure mall it's like
this huge mall with all these nice
stores in it because I leave for New
York tomorrow it literally leaves me
only with today to find my birthday
dress though the pressure is on oh my
god Colin started his first day of work
today as Anya medical spa so I'm super
excited for him as Ani is the place
where I get like my lips done and like
all my filler and stuff so I'm just
really excited for him good for him
thumbs up this video for Colin good for
you Colin
and because I'm going to New York
tomorrow and I'm going to miss him I'm
going to my apartment tonight I'm having
a sleepover with him so I'll probably be
vlogging that too so today should be a
pretty good day and yeah I'm looking
forward to my long car ride to the mall
the King of Prussia Mall is not close by
any means so it's going to be like a fun
little car ride with Allie we're
probably going to do some like carpool
karaoke again
hey why did that happen
I know driving to the Gabriel oak Afghan
mission shaving guys you can see here
that like I went off the road because
she put out my bouquet over the last
time one I got in the accident
I just Walsh's definition takes it to
the first vlog that I ever brought this
channel we got our guests are acted on
camera because I was looking out by
snapchat being a picture and alleys and
driving she's smiling and that all the
time to get her en joyed so we are
almost at the mall but we're stuck in
line at a toll what house freaking cute
with two pieces got it notice two piece
so I came over here it was kind of
orange on camera it looks like this
someone gosh it's so cute this will be
cute for New York I think I might just
get the shirt honestly do you think
we're trying to bring you back in here
you alley and I found like dresses that
was like us like next to each other
I love the ow
your other head Baker always wins my
heart and all the girl and so aesthetic
durable I was looking that subscribe
Oh God and this light blue and it's the
cherry blossom oh my gosh
I want this you can't like I want to be
able to fit anything in it like that's
like my Henry Bendel Willie one like
this just can't fit anything in this I
already have this Nash has that and
instead of lavender they for the spring
edition they put like mint green but I
always like the lavender one so we're
like Starbucks and I got something off
the secret menu it's called the ice
matcha Frappuccino and you got double
chocolate chip Frappuccino
this doesn't even taste like matcha this
he clicked the link for my childhood
really
I don't like French cheese I'm not
trying it
this tastes like funfetti cake batter
holy crap
literally try it I hate green tea also
okay right yes you might have here my
boss yeah hi you're not watching videos
really apart also nice to meet you
literally so great
I know oh my god is so weird you can get
taste like am i right when I say
funfetti cake batter it successfully
cranky like I don't like healthy stuff
like green tea no Massa whatever it
tastes so good
I'm obsessive it I don't know maybe
picnics
yeah cake max you know what I'm seeing
this Frappuccino to be the cake the cake
mix cappuccino
that is so good we're in shock I'm in
shock I don't like green stuff
Oh
did you guys remember the first store I
went in in my first fancy blog is
concentrate accessories well we're back
and a nice kind woman for my first vlog
ever remembers us congratu member the
chandelier oh so cute okay I'm vlogging
again we are especially Christian
conscious one day you shall come in
hello so they're giving Ali and I wine
as we enjoy ourselves and parents okay
hmm my messy buns look so big
alright guys so I'm home and my parents
again and I have all my stuff on that
couch that I bought today let's just say
I went on a huge shopping spree for my
birthday I don't do this all the time
like the shopping sprees
this hat was a lot I'm not going to show
you guys my birthday outfit but I am
going to show you guys all the luxury
brands things I bought huge disclaimer I
work really hard for my stuff I save up
a lot and I know you guys like these
kind of videos or I want to be putting
these videos up and I knew you hated
them all you guys have been asking for
like a luxury handbag collection video
and that I'm a little hesitant about but
I will show you like some hauls and
maybe eventually I will do like a luxury
handbag haul so this is all the stuff I
got them all today - um - my birthday
outfit put a look link
alright so because there's like a bag
and all this padding and stuff I decided
to go ahead and take out this YSL bag I
just thought this is a cute birthday
clutch with my outfit and it's velvet on
the inside and it's just super glam next
I bought these adorable adorable
adorable sandals from Chanel it looks
like this how cute then I got other
sandals and these are Ted Baker they're
rose gold and they look like
yes haha oh my gosh guys I also got this
Ted Baker perfume and it's called Polly
there's like all different names like
grace there's Olivia apparently Olivia's
the bestsellers but I was obsessed with
the smell oh it's not focusing but
anyways I was going into all these like
luxury stores wearing this perfume and
everyone's like what perfume are you
wearing and they're guessing all these
like expensive perfumes that I'm like no
it's just Polly from Ted Baker's like
29.99 I was so cheap and it smells like
a million bucks like you smell like a
luxury store if you put this on it
smells so good then I went to leave a
ton and I bought this necktie and like
neck ties are so in right now if you
like tie in a knot around your neck and
there's like all this movies with on
luggage going down it's blush brown
cream and black and these are my colors
you know then I got my Gucci stuff and
I'm gonna pull this out just like a
little card that they give you new store
the Gucci card I got a belt I'm going to
wear it with this shirt and I was given
the shirt from Touche accessories my
favorite store ever and it's like a
French boutique and this is what it
looks like I think these two look so
cute together
okay guys so I'm currently in my closet
and I'm packing for New York and yes
just lease my closet at night guys I
think you've ever seen it at night oh I
can everything to fit everything in one
suitcase oh I use this suitcase for like
all my beauty things like makeup and
hair thing and you get more makeup than
River wait yeah I was possible glasses
please
so I just got done doing my makeup and
I'm going to head to New York my cars
here
shoo I don't know what is a pretty what
with really pretty show the camera your
makeup is really different look
it seems my makeup looks seeing this
ability now because I never see this you
have gold like gold and it making your
eyes look more open you see that get
yourself a man who knows makeup like but
yeah that's pretty much it I'm going to
see you guys my next fancy vlog I love
you so much
