beautiful morning with Gabby
welcome to morning
with Kathy today I am meeting a fruit
bowl that my boyfriend ordered me
closely and he left me with no to wake
up to oh he seemed a little comical name
is look at my nose
I'm going to treat the litter don't you
I'm doing this what kind of like a
Bordeaux shell you know here out here
how this goes with the awarding would
here at Gabriella last night was
absolutely amazing being with you and an
amazing party and not actually caring
about the party because I was so focused
on the most beautiful girl
so absolutely incredible I love you so
much
you got drunk and fell asleep early then
I ordered to breakfast in the morning I
tried to make it healthy love college
parenthesis there Michael they're not
going to preserve our at will those even
watch Jane the virgin now I love to
watch Jane the virgin and he looks just
like Mike Lagaan is like Michael but he
acts just like
- come here Romeo what you know your
look
Nathalie and Chloe are coming to take
pictures for my bird
I mean bananas me peanut butter egg
making it get the peanut butter on the
fork first and then get the banana so I
just got a blowout because I'm having a
photo shoot today for my merch my fancy
shirt and Natalie Peris and Chloe to
tour are coming and we're all going to
take cute bougie squad photos oh my gosh
guys I've been getting so many questions
about where I find these rare Yankee
Candles and I find them on Amazon like
third-party merchants sell them because
they're like discontinued or like from
another season so this is celebrate and
it smells like a birthday cake it
straight up smells like a bakery in here
and speaking of bakery I have bakery air
and this my room just literally smells
like I'm baking cupcakes right now and
then in my bathroom I have this candle
called wedding day and it's smell so
beautiful and yeah here's all my lush
that I have here with a blush everything
I have like wash in my apartment at home
at my parents house my apartment in LA
yeah my abundance of beauty products so
I'm gonna start getting ready for this
photo shoot
so as my makeup is setting okay baking
I'm gonna put her face in the oven takes
two hours because yes and now I'm going
to see her face like Kylie Jenner I
always tell her something kind of Yemen
and she's the only one that says that I
hi-yah I feel like you see it more than
other people I feel like other just wait
I do the basic you see the S or no yes
in Gaza much work is really fun and
ready like ultra comfortable
I'm sick and tired of the Photoshop
try
get away
okay guys so I just got done editing the
V squad beautycon announcement video and
we're also on the creators page so I
mean I'm in a picture which make me sing
the gang gap you are going to be there
and the beef quad has their own picture
from them like two pictures on the
creators page all beauty cons website
this is the V squad beautycon
announcement that I'm going to post my
Instagram so cute
how adorable is that Colin and I are on
our way to dinner we're going on another
date but before we film on our date I
just wanted to tell you guys what
happened last night because you know
like when stuff happens to me I would
talk about it so Colin and I were up
it's a very nice event in which the flog
magazine I was a Miss q 1950 skirt you
guys saw my snapchat those who follow me
on my snapchat now I don't expect
everyone to know who we are or know that
we're dating or what not but there was a
girl at the party last night that was
persistent for Cohen and it was very
clear that he had a girlfriend he was
with a girlfriend she looked at me right
in the eyes acknowledged my presence if
Phil didn't care and was still trying
with Colin now I'm not like one of those
girls that thinks every single girl is
out to get her boyfriend no I'm not like
that
but even college said he noticed it and
he walked away from her I may sound like
an absolute hypocrite because everyone
knows how me and Paula started but it
doesn't feel good
she was just really like into Colin I
was making it very obvious and I was
very uncomfortable but I get it if I'm
not there but I was right there like
right in front of me it was like I
didn't matter that she wasn't
intimidated by any melee so yeah I'm a
little bothered if I was going on like a
date night to make Colin can tell like I
feel a little off because that was just
very I don't know I can't find the word
or Sperry took me back a little bit I've
never been in a situation before where
our girl acknowledges that I deployed
five entities with me and she still
trying in front of his girlfriend so yes
I think that's why he wrote me that very
nice note that it was organized so I
completely like to do too much on the
fog side okay
