hello
beautiful
hey guys so today I have Kenny with me
say hello to the glam Ken doll and we
are actually I know this sounds
ridiculous but those of you who aren't
new to my channel understand that like
we just ride in limos a lot but those of
you who are new hey I'm Gabby and I'm
ridiculously extra and so is my best
friend Kenny and we ride in limos a lot
and I know a lot of you guys have been
commenting on how I spend my money you
don't know what goes on behind the
scenes and what kind of deals I'm
getting for what kind of promotion and
this and that so please keep your
comments to yourself about how I spend
my money I think it's kind of rude to
pick apart how someone spends their
money I mean you don't know what goes on
behind the scenes you know what I mean
it looks one way but you don't know you
don't know yeah brought my parents right
now I just got done filming with Nicky
for niki and gabi video and we're gonna
take the limo to go shopping and get
coffee and drive around and take
instagram pictures so that's us that's
what we do and if you have a problem
with that I'm sorry you shouldn't watch
my vlogs this is my parents house guys
so this is my closet at my parents house
and then I have like three at my
apartment Lily oh my god hi Lily girl
hey she loves uncle Kenny joy nickel
free limo ride we've never taken her in
a limo
I've never taken her on an airplane or
limo or nothing I'm scared in four hours
in a limo with Lily 24 hours in the limo
oh my gosh guys let me know in the
comments down below if you want to see
24 hours in a limo me and Kenny edition
but I do have to wait at least like a
few weeks cuz like I can't be immobile
for like a long period of time because
of that allergic reaction I had on
Christmas Eve I still have the
prednisone in my system so yeah that
causes like DVT and all that kind of
stuff so I have to keep moving keep
so we've been doing some shopping
Kenny's outfit is so funny like look at
the shoes no but you look some good
though shopping I love you
sofie's there so while I'm in here I'm
gonna have a serious talk with you guys
I am working on a music video covered
for the vlog channel this channel i hate
this topic so much but i just want to go
over the fact that the cover is an
ariana grande song it's a valentine's
day cover that i'm doing for this
channel and Nicki and I have an EP
coming out pretty soon so that's why we
stopped doing covers on the niki and
gabi channel we just want to like lay
off the covers before our own original
music comes out but for the vlog channel
of this channel I'm going to be doing a
cover of an ariana grande song nameless
until the videos up cuz I don't want to
give too much away the reason I'm
bringing this up now though is because
this could possibly be an issue to some
of you guys because I know I have a lot
of people hating on me a lot of the time
saying that I try hard to be ariana
grande that's not the case at all
by any means you guys know at one point
I was really overly inspired and I owned
up to it but throughout that experience
I was able to find myself and my own
personal style on the go there's a
funeral
let's say it's a prayer that says
anyways I was very overly inspired at
one way I do act as ariana grande in the
celebrity series we haven't done a
celebrity series videos like some time I
was actually Kylie in the last celebrity
series video but any upcoming ones I
probably will be ariana grande again or
Kylie because those are the two people I
do get compared to you looks wise so
even though I may resemble her I don't
see it but I'm not trying to be her that
intense I have my own Ariana voice for
the Ariana character but I don't that's
not my regular voice that I use in these
logs out actually be really concerning
if I acted like how I do in the
celebrity videos in my actual vlogs this
is how I talk when I'm here in the
celebrity blogs hi yeah that sounds like
your friend you know you know but no I
know that's not how he sounds in real
life because I can't I can't mock how
she sounds in real life but that's her
cat voice and I guess you could say I I
do the Cowboys when I carry caddy that
you yeah that's that's a difference this
is my real boy I'm not mocking anyone
and I used to have tissues in the past
trust me I know
and it's really embarrassing that all my
growing up is documented online and
everyone goes through things and
everyone grows up differently and a lot
of kids grow up
teenagers grow up inspired by others
unfortunately my little overly and
inspired face was documented online
forever Steve as much as I can't go back
and erase all that let's try to pretend
that didn't happen and please enjoy my
cover that I'm gonna be uploading
because it means so much to me and I
worked really hard on it and Kenny's
gonna be in the video please wear the
tiara when we go into Duncan I'm not
wearing this please please we are in
again please
yeah you're deaf gonna be looking guys
you know how I feel about pink and white
stripes these are so cute so we're just
walking and shopping and going into
stores right now - going into White
House Black Market so pretty guys this
is so my style in here who remembers and
this is on my Instagram because I
remember I came in here one time just to
take an Instagram picture it is it's so
pretty hey guys I'm shamelessly blogging
with a face mask on and with my
wallpaper half finished in my bedroom
well I'm only doing the back wall and
with my real hair guys my little tiny
itsy-bitsy ponytail it looks shorter
than it really is my hair's like to here
but I just wanted a vlog and update you
guys because a lot has happened since I
last vlog so I stopped walking at 2 on
the way home in the limo while I was in
the limo
even though I was sitting I fainted and
Kenny and I were bugged out we're
freaking out because I couldn't feel my
neck and shoulders and arms after this
happened so I went to Urgent Care and I
waited a long time and then they finally
saw me and the doctor said you should
probably go to the ER so she sent me to
the ER and I waited there for like three
hours and then I was finally seen and
long story short I just got home it's 9
p.m. I'm exhausted this was a seven-hour
process all day the moral of the story
she said that she thinks my thyroid is
acting up again and I have extremely low
blood sugar so that might be another
thing we need to look into so I've gotta
like I don't know figure out my eating
patterns I mean I'll be honest I'm not
like the best eater I do have extremely
low potassium because I had an eating
disorder like my whole life and honestly
eating is something that's always gonna
be a challenge for me whether I am
healthy or not I'm always going to
- flare-ups and for right now I'm not
scared to admit I'm in a flare-up like I
don't have an eating disorder right now
but eating has been like kind of hard
for me because I just am going through a
lot mentally and with myself not with
anyone else just like with myself so I
just thought I'd tell you guys I was
gonna not vlog when I got home and just
like pick up tomorrow and be chipper but
honestly I want to let you know that
this stuff happens and I'm gonna start
taking care of myself but back to a
wallpaper thing guys let me tell you I
am only doing the back wall but my all
the wallpaper guy was wallpapering the
walls he was like oh no oh no and I'm
like what's wrong what's wrong and he's
like I underestimated and you should
have ordered three rolls and I told you
to order one so so I sorry I just got a
text from Ellen so I had to order two
more rolls and I paid to have them
overnight in but they're not here and
it's Saturday so that means I can't have
them tomorrow and that's when he was
supposed to finish the wall and he said
he can only do this on Monday morning
let's pray that this is like an early
package on Monday morning cuz he knows
most packages don't arrive till like
12:00 p.m. and or later and he said he's
going to Florida on Tuesday so it looks
like you guys are gonna have to get used
to like a half wallpapered wall because
if my wallpaper rolls do not show up
tomorrow morning or super super early
Monday morning they probably won't show
up to our morning because it's Sunday so
if they don't show up Monday morning
like super early then I'm gonna be stuck
with a half street wall for the next two
vlogs or so because I plan on blogging a
lot this week which is great news and
yeah I'm gonna go to bed I'm actually in
the middle of editing Blood Queen
scripts so that's really exciting and
tomorrow a lot going on I'm going to the
gym I'm getting my new install put in
its tawny topaz inspired I'll vlog that
and I'm gonna show you what my hair
looks like down tomorrow I'm just like
not in the mood I'm going to bed now I
don't feel like taking it down but yeah
I'll see you in the morning hey guys so
I just realized it's later in the day
and I haven't started vlogging yet cuz
I've been running errands but this is
what how short my real hair is it's like
- my shoulder it's like - here it's
super cute I actually got it cut so that
wearing extensions is easier and so that
over summer when I
don't wear extensions it'll be cute in
short a blonde but right now I'm about
I'm about to get my extensions and
that's why I like my head's marked was
like eyeliner and braids in my hair
those of you who watched my DIY slime
highlighter vlog know that I wear sew
ins and Rakhi is here again and she's
gonna make me another wee bit diva I'm
gonna be seeing Colin later we're going
on a date so I'm just getting this done
before I go on the dates Colin and then
tomorrow which is gonna be a separate
vlog we're adding some rose gold
balayage to my weave so I'm kind of
doing like a tawny topaz inspired look
from Riverdale it was you guys watched
Riverdale know who that is and yeah I'll
show you guys what the aftermath looks
like of this and then stay tuned for the
next vlog to see the rose gold that
we're adding to the week hey guys so I'm
a wee bit diva
again and this is what it looks like
Thank You rocky and guys I'm so excited
for the rose gold tomorrow this is
giving me major Tony topaz vibe I am so
excited I mean you just have to
stay tuned for the next vlog because
then you're gonna see the pink added in
so yeah I'm real pumped Colin's gonna
love it oh my gosh it's so versatile hey
guys so I'm with call and everyone's
been asking worse where's Colin been in
my vlogs and I don't really like pulling
out of all camera when we have dates and
stuff and that's usually like when I'm
seeing him is when we have dates or else
he's working so I just wanted to put
that out there that yes like we're still
good and just because he's not seen on
my Instagram or in vlogs doesn't mean
that something tragic happened we're
together really to enjoy the time
together yeah I mean unlike some
youtubers they just their whole
relationship is just want love love love
we're about to watch Riverdale and I
just wanna use this as a comparison I
really admire how like Cole Sprouse and
Lilly keep their relationship like so
low-key it keeps like the love it keeps
it special so that's honestly my
inspiration and yeah we're about to
watch it yes my Christmas trees still up
because it helps me sleep but I took
down all my other Christmas treats so
yeah we need to catch up on the last two
episodes I'm gonna end this vlog with
this clip because god knows how long
this vlog is gonna be I did start
vlogging yesterday and all day and then
today these are just like long clips I
feel like so I'm wrapping up I love you
guys so much Jenny Collins
there you go - I suppose the day it's
not looking at you and smiling and then
leave you at the camera that's why I
hope I'll see you in my next one
