beautiful okay guys so I just got done
filming an episode of closet raid and
basically what that is it comes in and
goes through my closet and where I
things and I have to explain my style
and my choices and why I style myself
like this so yeah there's a portion
where we were eating snack on my bed and
I chose a veggie tray this is my outfit
of choice for the show and this is what
it looks like I love the feather skirt
I'm currently in LA for those of you who
like don't remember that I have a room
in LA or people that are new this is
what my room looks like in LA it still
needs to be worked on because I'm so
back and forth after this shoot I have a
photo shoot Colin and I are going to the
pier to take pictures with my dear
friend Riley who's like our photographer
and yeah I don't know what I planned for
tonight but stay tuned for this fancy
vlog so this is the dress we put me in
for one of the pictures for the magazine
cover this is the second magazine cover
nikita i have ever been on so I'm really
excited it's like very like 1950
I'm still dreaming shoot with Riley the
car Oh
oh my god a car has got a flat tires
today you know yeah first thing I
haven't them worked in a while
single click crater
oh my gosh flat tire so here under this
year we're about to leave our master
fixtures over there
oh shut up
setting watch my shoes a finger is gonna
be like a v-notch okay
so Colin and I are out dinner we should
change our photo shoot and we're just
having our great day I don't know if I'm
gonna blogger so I'm excited we're on
date I just like voices I took so many
pictures of them like you just look
gorgeous Colin there so much for me if
we ever have kids I hope they have your
eyes oh I hope you get out Brown for you
we're at this restaurant right on it's
like if you like something to make way
for the mountain you so hot the Colin
and I went back the apartment took four
back then took off my makeup because I
think so disgusting and now of fresh
meat and
Cawood upon and I say thank you to put a
lot together don't you just wish you
could use some of lucious stuff this is
a body butter and like a bar form like a
massage bar it's buttery blend of
honey's ground almonds and cocoa butter
nice skin beautiful oh my god that looks
so good I'm buying one so good sounds
like chocolate kind of we don't avoid
into it and I'm totally getting this
pink custard this is where the shower
it's like shower jelly it's called pink
custard and smells like vanilla
so you your mother should know
I don't get it oh it's all so good it's
rosewood in great fear I don't get it
what is this with the B it's a bubble
bar I don't know your mother should know
these colors all right guys so we're
about to watch Jane the Virgin that's
like that's like our favorite show at
the moment this year and I miss you guys
in my next fancy blog stay tuned because
there might be a preview of my merch in
the next vlog so yeah love you guys you
guys
