hey guys so I'm at my parents house and
I've been at my apartment good news I've
been at my apartment like most of this
week and I'm feeling better feeling a
lot better since the blogger I said am i
moving home I don't think I am I think I
need to come here way more but I love
love love love love my apartment and my
closet and I was just going through a
lot because I just felt like I don't
like my relationship with my family was
like real distant because they haven't
been here as much so I know now that I
need to be here more I love my room here
I love my family and I love my bed at
least I know now that I'm gonna resign
my lease on my apartment but I'm just
going to come to my parents house a lot
more than I was meaning more videos are
going to be here because I saw in the
comments like guys you love when I film
videos here so yeah I'm definitely going
to film more videos here like two weeks
ago I films a baking video for Easter
and it films a DIY spring decoration
video and I thought was a bunch of
different things so I decided to make
one big like spring video like I'm going
to do a haul right now and show you the
clothes I got you guys know I loves
Apple and I just got my packaging for my
spring /summer clothes so I'm going to
show you guys what I got and then I'm
going to show you how I made the DIY
decoration and then I'm going to show
you how I made bunny cakes so this is
just going to be a like get ready for
spring blog and I'm gonna get into the
clothing now everything for example and
everything will be linked down below
like I always do the first part of this
outfit that I got from dapple is this
adorable white top that has like the
shoulders cut out and it's like a style
that's really in the spring so I thought
I needed this in my wardrobe and this
next top that I got from dapple is this
tan very thin sweater it's still a
little chilly in the spring so I knew I
was going to need like a very
lightweight sweater this next top is
like a tea top it's like a blouse it's
not really like a top it's a very cute
blouse that's very loose fitted my
vintage wardrobe is emphasized by a
million during the springtime so I knew
I needed a top that looked just like
this
this outfit is definitely more summer
than spring but I went ahead and bought
this anyway because I just thought the
trip to Bermuda and I'll let you guys
know more about that in another vlog but
I just thought this looks very tropical
and I'm obsessed with lace during the
warmer weather lately I've been
obsessing with like really thin maybe in
white stripes together they look very
nautical and just very spring and it
also looks very vintage so these next
two rompers that I got were very old
fashioned Beach inspired I did buy this
of an Easter option but after trying
this on I decided it's definitely more
for my Bermuda trip now I'm gonna get
all old school beauty guru on you guys
and I'm going to show you guys how I
made the spring decorations and the
bunny cake I've been getting a lot of
questions since the one blog I put up
where you guys see my centerpiece for my
spring setup in my dining room so I
decided I was going to show you guys how
I made it basically I got a bunch of
flower garland from Michael's a birdcage
for Michaels and the fairy lights for
Michaels and basically I just gathered
up the garland into a ball and wrapped
the ball in the fairy lights and then I
stick the giant ball into the birdcage
and I squish it down so that it fits in
the cage now I'm just sticking these
Easter eggs things that I found at
Michaels all around this cage and yes
they are all pastel that's how they sell
them at Michael's it's a fairly simple
DIY but one worth sharing with you guys
it's so whimsical so pretty and
definitely very springy
now I'm going to show you guys how to
make my all-time favorite spring tree I
was totally inspired by the Yankee
Candle called bunny cake and there's
actually a recipe you basically just
make your own cake mix I decided to go
for a confetti mix because when you bite
into it there's going to be all these
little rainbow sprinkles and nothing
screams spring more than like rainbow
colors and pastel colors so I'm just
following the simple ingredients to the
cake mix you can make your own mix but I
definitely like making my life easier
I'm no Betty Crocker so after you're
done making your batter you want to
scoop your batter into little rectangle
shapes
I bought this tray at Michael's I'm
pretty sure you can buy this at any
craft store or food store that sells
baking pans now I'm just going to put
these in the oven for the amount of time
that it says on the box so while they're
baking I'm going to get out some
construction paper I'm cutting four
little ears out for the cakes you could
cut more if you think you're going to
mess up but yet pretty simple I got this
construction paper at Michael's and now
I'm just going to get this lemon tart
cookie that I have you could use any
pastry you could cut in half and it
makes a little small rectangle and I'm
using that as the heads to the bunny
cakes I think the flavor is going to add
a lot to the cake mix that I just made
it doesn't really matter at flavor you
use as long as it goes with the flavor
of your cakes and now I'm just going to
ice these cakes with this canned
frosting that's amazing it's the white
Betty Crocker canned frosting and I'm
just going to spread that all out and
make sure that it's evenly displayed for
the grass underneath the cakes I'm just
going to take some coconut shavings and
I'm dyeing them green and I'm just
stirring that all together in a separate
Bowl
now I'm just spreading it out on a cake
stand and getting it ready for the bunny
gig
so this is what the cake should look
like now and now I'm just going to add
some more coconut shavings to the
bunnies to look more like fur once they
have their fur you can now put the ears
on I'm just going to go ahead and you
think little jelly beans to the nose but
you can totally use pink frosting or
another kind of candy and I'm just
making the eyeballs out of black
frosting and again you can make the eyes
out of anything you want and tada
this is how you make them come here
sheilo alright guys so that was it for
my spring video moment let me know in
the comments down below if you like this
kind of video it was a bunch of videos
all in one pretty much and I feel like
for a vlog Channel I should do that more
often because like when do when do I
ever post like 3 videos in one all right
Lilly tell everyone look see you guys
next time
we'll see you next time bye
