hey beautiful
good morning guys I just woke up at my
parents as you can see my love my bed at
my parents house I always feel like a
princess in a very sleepy I like fell
asleep watching a movie on his laptop
last night before I start my day I just
thought I would introduce you guys to
this game I play
this is such a fun whimsical game to
play guys it's like a storybook
I feel like I'm inside a story because
there's like little messages right here
so in this game you pretty much speed
play with and train dragons and they can
become powerful warriors and you just
got to follow like the directions in the
game and then you gets like battle and
do really cool things
ya see - in this game it can collect
over 200 different dragons and my
favorite part about playing this game is
building your own Island because you
guys know how I love decorating and all
that fun stuff
and now I'm gonna start my day hello
Lily rise and shine Oh
I
you
hey guys so as you can tell it's
nighttime by the lighting and I should
have logged today but I promise there's
a reason to buy know me better than
anyone the last two vlogs that I put up
in the comments I saw Gabby doesn't seem
as happy as she usually is in her videos
you guys are saying that I don't see
much like genuine in them and that it
looks like I'm going through something
in my eyes and you guys let me just tell
you guys pick up on this stuff better
than anyone that's close to me and well
you could see you guys are closer to me
you guys are my supporters and like some
people I'm close with those poor me like
you guys too so thank you
but completely I think eyes are a lot
like the past week and I have been
putting up obviously some like sad
tweets the past like two months and like
I guess you can say I'm just like going
through a lot of anxiety issues I don't
want to blame it all on anxiety because
I know people toss that word around like
candy but let's just say I've never felt
so distant from my family as I felt this
year like I love living on my own I love
having my big walk-in closet and
decorating every single room in my place
like how I want to so I mean I love
living oh man but I am gonna let you
guys know that I just had a breakdown
like after the last video I filmed I
filmed that lingerie haul last Sunday
and right after that I turned off all my
electronics and I climbed to bed and cry
for a long time because I'm just so
overwhelmed and so stressed out and as
you guys know as fun as YouTube can be
it's also a job for some people so there
were other complications from behind the
scenes that I was going through and I've
just been working working working
working and I just need to take a break
and not only was I just working working
working but my apartment is so far from
my parents house
and at first I was like oh it's not
going to be that bad I'll always come
home but it was the point where I didn't
even feel like making the drives to come
home because I was too stressed out with
the work I've been doing so I felt like
I just need my mom
I need my house I need my old bed I just
I wanted to escape so on snapchat I
snapped a big suitcase and I said I'm
going to my parents house I don't know
how long I'm going to be here but I know
I just need like my family right now I
just I missed home like I really have I
love my apartment so much but I really
missed home and from the title it may
seem like clickbait but it is truly a
question that I'm asking myself my lease
is up in July am I going to move back
home and is it worth paying for an
apartment here when I have an apartment
all the way in Los Angeles and I'm there
a lot so it's just a bunch of stuff
going on right now and I'm really
stressed out so just if you could just
take it easy on me that you guys like I
I'm trying as hard as I can eyes up
today I've been feeling a lot better
being home but I'm really sorry I didn't
vlog my day good news is colin is on his
way and he wants to take me to be vegan
treats to make me feel better this yummy
yummy yummy yummy bakery this famous in
our area so I'm going to get like cake
or something and then we're going to
watch a movie or go hot tubbing
because I eat this cake I got the
confetti cake it's like a chick for
Easter I got that one I almost got the
pistachios he cookies included oh my god
i'm have a chicken you're going to have
carrots and a pot it carries in a pod
the cookie knows really good
should I bet that's my chocolate
all these with some time how do you like
your first experience I'm not religious
oh my god that looks so good that's so
good
hi this is like cake south and soy No
we still going to supreme he says no
Wow it looks so weird
Wow he's like a Cuban pastries
so these Jeff Koons Glaser I knew you're
in a statement about something I barely
ate anything yet
oh don't say that I mean I didn't
actually I did eat a lot but what but it
it's these actions later
oh my baby yeah I'm still I mean this is
going pretty fast but this is real
sugary it's so good though oh my god I'd
rather okay try it many one I was small
so mean the flower edible
it probably used like coconut powder or
something
right try the confetti
but to be a vegan so me and this one are
about to start watching the movie we
were watching last night we didn't
finish it I wanna show you guys like
look it I like we did kind of like up
here and like this shelf like I redid
everything so that it goes with me now
looks like that I also move my couch
things over here your candle yesterday
at Bath & Body Works Easter I want this
on little toesies every week
it smells like marshmallow and chocolate
smells so good alright guys so I'm
setting up the movie that we watched
last night and yes we're going to go
we're going to have our little date
night
it definitely feel better and it's just
one - hi guys
