hey guys so today I'm doing a really
exciting haul I feel like I see that all
the time but this one extra exciting
it's a kind of haul that I've always
wanted to do provides and for the first
time I finally feel like I can do one of
these halls as you guys know is super
feminine and girly lingerie and bras and
loungewear and activewear they're always
huge part of my style so that's what
this haul is going to be thanks to adore
me for sponsoring this video and that is
exactly what I'm wearing right now I'm
wearing Anna's army bra and panty set in
this beautiful robe so the fact that I'm
working with my dream brand right now is
very exciting adore me isn't just a
subscription service you can literally
shop on their site whenever you'd like
and no commitment to a monthly
membership necessary they're offering
your first at four thirty four ninety
five and that's what also subscription
and if you want to join VIP your first
set is twenty four ninety five
subscribers and choose from new products
each month and have early access to sale
and early releases the dormi offers free
shipping and exchange so I am currently
wearing an adoring me bra and panty set
and I'm wearing this beautiful black
robe that is so comfy it's cotton and it
has a beautiful silky blush colored bow
and I just feel like this outfit totally
goes with my bedroom right now and girly
the next thing I got was this blush lace
set it looks like this
they have like a little gem in the file
they have another little gem in the
thumb over here I feel like you could
also wear this with a bralette under
like really loose cheese you know like
an everyday casual look the next set is
more of a mauve lace set it's sort of
blush nude but more of a mauve tones
very cute this is super sheer as well
and it's underwire and this is the
underwear that matches it's so pretty
that I got eight pajama set and it's
these cute blush colored shorts with
black lace at the bottom and it comes
with this matching top that has a
scalloped pattern which is dressed and
trimmed with black lace it is so cute
together it looks like it should be one
piece it looks like a romper it's so
beautiful and it's so comfy the next set
I got is silky and black and it has
blush lace detailing and the underwear
look like this I then got another pajama
set and this one is my favorite I was
actually going to wear this while I'm
giving you the haul but then I realized
I'm gonna be facing the front you won't
be able to see the back it's tied into a
bow in the back it's like a very loose
fitted top that's banded at the bottom
and then it gives you the cutest little
gray booty shorts to pair it off with
it's like boy short underwear so you can
wear it as underwear I am so excited I'm
definitely wearing these tonight next
thing I'm going to show you is active
wear they're so comfortable I don't know
what it is this is brand and comfort but
this comfort is definitely a priority I
can so tell just the feeling it's not
like that annoying workout comfortable
texture it's straight-up cotton it's so
pretty
hot pink my next purchase is a lingerie
piece it's so pretty
I couldn't get my head wrapped around
the fact that it was so much cheaper
than I expected and it is perfect
quality this quality is amazing the cup
feel like they're going to add so
more extra push I think this is one of
the most beautiful lingerie pieces I've
ever seen in my life and last but not
least I got this adorable cream set
I feel like this bra was designed to
look like a pastry it is beautiful it's
a very cake batter cream color and I
think out of everything that I got this
has to be my favorite brought I'm just
in love with the color and the design
I'm just taken back with like the design
of all these pieces they're beautiful
alright guys so that was my absorbing
haul everything that I showed is linked
down below let me know in the comments
down below which set was your favorite
which piece is your favorite and let me
know if you're going to start shopping
there too
if you like these kind of hauls please
let me know the comments down below I
hope you guys stay tuned through next
video and I will you guys so much and
subscribe if you haven't done so yet
love you
