hey beautiful hey guys so I'm so frickin
sorry that I like disappeared I mean I
feel like this has been a long time
since I blog so for those of you who
think that I haven't been slacking thank
you and for those of you who think I
have been slacking I am so sorry and I
know I feel like the last video wasn't
even like a vlog it was like showing my
bathing suits in smell and then the next
video I have going up is either a baking
video or a laundry haul so I just feel
like I need to place this vlog right now
on my channel just to update you guys
and tell you that I'm still here I'm
still vlogging and I'm so sorry if it
seems like I've been slacking or have
become impersonal Langly I've been
filming a really secret fun project it's
one of the biggest projects Nikki and I
have worked on it's I mean if you've
seen our social media I'm pretty sure
you can guess what it is but it
basically requires kind of being silent
and m.i.a a little bit I was still
putting up some instant here and there
and tweeting here and there but I
haven't been snapping I haven't been
doing insta story I haven't been like
posting on instant and Twitter as much
as I usually would have our phones were
taking away a lot a lot of privileges
were lost because of the secret project
and now I have all my gadgets back I
have my camera in my hand and I'm ready
to keep the fancy blogs going and I'm so
excited to share this secret project
with you and right now I have Ally a
national bedroom and we are going to be
trying out highlighters that's why I
have no highlight on my cheeks right now
because we are testing out highlighters
it's actually collab video we're filming
I'm putting part of the cloud in this
vlog and then they're making collab
videos for their channels and their
channels are linked down below these
GLAAD videos on Ally's channel we're
testing out the Chi lighters on Nash's
Channel we're trying out the Nicole
Guerrero highlight palette and in this
next clip coming up we're going to be
trying out
$9.00 highlighters and I saw them all
over Twitter a lot of beauty Twitter
pages were saying like they're amazing
and they look so pretty so I bought them
and let's just see if this bargain is
worth it basically on our channel we're
in be testing the highlighters on this
channel we're testing with nine dollar
highlighters that this one beauty
Twitter account swears by on national
account we are going to test out the new
Cold War there you go you glow girl bait
eyeliner and I swear I'm not sponsored
by any means they just look so beautiful
yeah I saw you actually put on like
three squeeze in it or something which
one do you guys want pink goddess I kind
of expected you ink on that one then
there's white goddess
and then there's moonlight I think I'll
have the white goddess keep on the way
that I got and when your skin is more
like blue I was kind of like pandas
clothes that they look like oh my god
it's like a pretty we have 3d design and
then this is like pretty circles let's
watch it
I know they started so nice oh my god I
feel like so soft this one is coming oh
my god it's Wow Wow
and I still fail that's showing up like
really nice let's do this
- spinning I know yeah I don't like any
other might have enough get me that
number y'all so beautiful yeah so nice
yeah
oh my gosh so your skin a lot if yeah
wait see mine I'm Eliza I just can't
stop putting highlight on oh this is
very really cool dogs donate love you
could already like see it oh my god it
like comes off so easy look I know I'm
surprised to see it like powder my skin
is so low at Commerce piles really force
they're really affordable look do they
like take long to shift key or no no I
got them in a day on Amazon really yeah
oh my god see literally like would come
right off like I don't know if it cuz
she's a martyr to just peace again yeah
a cloud is oh that's how a glue sale Wow
alright highlight on it you like how
they look for - yeah I brought out so
much more I feeling-wise look at our
highlight right now it's night oh my god
hi Leon
looks so good yeah I think this is
really nine dollars I don't know so yeah
these are the big look you love your
little girls so Allie Rachel and I are
going to talk about our McDonald's we
don't know which one we're going to end
up at and nash's meeting us there she's
driving separately and now I got it took
from Colin and Colin's like oh I want to
go so oh here some or go home
I bought her soup him he's being way too
eager for the fast food Josh's class due
date
all right now she's driving with all the
other cars I'm on my way to an
appointment so I'm done with the
appointment and I have some Starbucks
now I got an iced caramel macchiato
small it's really good so Rachel's going
to help me open all these packages I
like got back from my appointment and I
have all these packages waiting for me
one of the boxes is two-faced so I'm
super excited oh my gosh yeah it's like
a mess in here because we had a
sleepover last night
stupid oh my gosh no way I think I know
what this is it's like Christmas morning
yes oh my gosh I've been wanting this oh
my gosh so bad
Jesse was like I
okay oh my gosh oh my gosh I love fairy
tale this is so pretty
I'm in love I've never been so in love
with the palette in my life
Wow Wow hot and bothered is gonna be my
colors oh good oh my gosh yes I'm so
excited it is so I in my packages I
gotcha he might need a Crouch the help
there was this Asian like top-secret
like face scrub zoom and it's dual multi
peeling gel it's jelly on your face and
it completely wipes off your dead skin
and it's like a crumbled off your face
it's so crazy
she's an honor hand and I'm Laura
Linda's counselor I forgot sponsored by
any of these products either it's just
everything came in the same day we're
going to do this first and there's this
skin tightener to the skin prep for your
makeup and I'm gonna do my makeup before
we get our nails done because as you
guys know I would need to wear makeup
wanna get nails done because an employee
called me ugly at me also and that's a
story channel is that that well but this
is a skin prep and it's like tight in
your face directions earn Chinese or
Korean I think you just want this on
your feet oh my god the group blog Glick
oh my gosh oh my god Rachel Oh gross a
lot I have the drive scare to ever now
kind of tight in our faces
I'm going to lift your eyebrows this
step is really interesting and I really
felt like little like my skin feel
amazing
oh my god I'm sorry doing makeup
how many my makeup and right through
that enj Lau right
oh my gosh whenever we go out Gabi Aries
coffee mom oh my god this really
tightened your feet so I just put on
some face makeup and as you can see my
face is shining it's literally like I
don't understand how my face like gets
like this after those two things I mean
so yeah both of those are Amazon Amazon
just me really I feel like looks so much
better but he's in a breakouts are like
like doing like down like they're not we
get some skin therapy today
yeah really have been wearing makeup
literally we've been wearing makeup
literally non-stop I do my makeup like
twice today for the secret project you
guys will know what the secret project
is very soon we are going to get tiny
course
these are my terms I got wine colors
hey guys so I am about to end this vlog
sorry I didn't do anything super
entertaining today I just feel like I
needed to get a vlog up and I'm going to
start posting lot of videos again I'm
sorry I took a lot of time out for the
past two weeks I'm gonna head to dinner
with a big group of friends right now so
I think I'm going to try to get this up
tonight and in that case I can't film at
dinner yeah I love you guys so much and
thank you so much for understanding on
social media and everything
why then said am ia and I'm sincerely
sincerely sorry and when that does
happen it's not because I'm sitting
around it's because I am working on
something and I'm just so excited to
share all these upcoming projects with
you I love you guys more than anything
