hey guys it's Gabby as you guys know
Victoria's Secret decided to cancel
their swim wire this year and I don't
know about you guys but I was freaking
out I'm pretty sure every single girl
right now is going to the gym crisis and
you guys know last year I started
shopping at Apple and I shot there a lot
I personally it's one of my favorite
stores because it all my store that has
prices cheaper than forever21 my best
friend's Ali and Nash with you guys saw
them like one of our videos who are
talking about how much we loves apple i
genuinely loved their swimsuits so this
video is just going to be a fun little
different kind of Tryon swimsuit haul
I'm going to be doing it in the snow the
snow can I just tell you guys how
freaking cold it is like in Pennsylvania
right now talk about culture shock I was
just in LA it's like 80 degrees whatever
I try these on in the snow for you and
why do I do that I don't know meaning
about being a little stupid why did I
try on some to do snow
and
okay okay shit there's someone in that
car the whole time yeah let's just go -
Wow come on just have you look at you
changing okay guys so that was my try on
haul make sure that you know the common
sample if you like these random random
videos just you guys know all these
sends these are links down below because
I know half of you will probably want to
buy some of these baby food - want to
know where to get them so just to make
life easier I'm going to be linking the
down below and you can all see if I
click on code which is also down below
to make life easier yeah unfortunately
it is still snowing for springtime in my
area alright I'll see you guys next time
bye
