hey guys so today is a very very
exciting day I finished my pink room if
you guys don't know this I've been
working really hard on redoing my
bedroom sales with it I never put the
time and effort into it as you stayed in
the closet or regular rooms in my
apartment hotel Peter Pan Baz
1d darling or Cinderella or I don't know
it's very Disney vibes and I'm so
excited Lilly loves it in here
Lilly is smiling oh my god my room is
nowhere near finished it's actually
pretty empty but I had it up to you guys
and I'm leaving for LA tomorrow for a
few days to work on something very
exciting that I'm not going to share it
with you guys and I'm not doing that to
be rude I'm doing that simply out of
pure excitement thinking I are working
on something very fun she's been an ally
for an extra week I stayed behind
because I was really sick and redoing my
room and I just needed a break from the
airplanes and traveling but anyways
let's get into this exciting new room so
you walk in and you see this hey so this
is what I mean by it's like empty I
still plan on putting some more
furniture in here I actually wanted to
put like a chaise lounge Orlovsky or
something there for when I sleep overs
like rest and sleep on it and this is I
turned this into my bed this was the
guest bed but I turned it into my bed
because day beds are so dreamy and
Disney Princess like and I just love it
so when you first walked in I have this
lamp table and when I turn out the light
you guys the photos you have been
sticking out a lot you can see that this
lamp is from my old old pink room at my
parents house makes me kinda want to cry
makes me think of like 2013 those are
the days and I have this cute little
bunny decoration that I found I think it
was Marshalls or Michaels because it's
like Easter coming up and this is my
broom spray actually this is what my
room smells like it's being magical from
Airy it's the sugar plum and Snowberry
scent it's their winter slash Christmas
Sun it was like Nutcracker theme this
year and it smells delightful oh my gosh
this is the best room smell ever
and I love spray bottles that like are
like this because I don't know I don't
know if you can see like you could see
what
it spreads the mess to a lot of places
of my room see the cap allows it to go
everywhere I always like to get room
sprays for perfumes and use them as room
sprays that have a cath like this
over here are some cards that really
good friends have gotten me or people
that mean a lot to be in my life and I
like to read these cards over and over
again when I'm having a bad day and not
to make this all about like Oh having a
bad day or whatever but I truly have
like a terrible day yesterday and I read
through some of these notes and I am
actually very thankful for days like
yesterday because very humbling it helps
remind you to appreciate the better days
over here I have well this is like every
finality look at every day closet
that's like an everyday closet it's not
like the closet closet you guys know I'm
talking about when I say closet closet
and then use another closet and these
are dangerous women's war bags from last
week over here is my vanity I did get a
new mirror and I gave my old pink mirror
to Kenny
Ken doll have a blast taking selfies in
it and I went with like creams wipes and
light tanks for like this whole thing
because of the light I don't know if you
can see it that well but it looks like
this and I got a cute little corner of
vanity when I first moved in here
because I have this corner in this wall
and I always wanted to have like a
pretty little vanity corner so that's
that over here I have some face primers
I have some illuminating pearls but I
would put on when I'm done with my
makeup these illuminating girls are like
an amazing finishing coat and they smell
so good they smell like a bath bomb so I
kind of like to just keep this open and
let my room smell like a bath bomb but
they create a very illuminating finish
on makeup and I forget the brand they
sell out of Sephora some girls sold it
to me really I really like it
and then I got this tray from home goods
and same with this I also use the re
body mist for room spray sometimes
they're just like spray around here and
then over here are my headbands for when
I do my makeup I've worn these in a lot
of tutorials before the cat ears the
pom-poms the pearl headband you know so
then over here you get my bed and I got
this wall crown from Pritikin from I got
from Etsy
and it's tool and it goes around the
daybed and the stay bed is just a simple
white metal daybed and I got all the
settings from Target I think yeah all of
it actually crap like the sheath the
comforter do they the pillows and then I
got my bed skirt from Target and then my
slippers or from Amazon oh yeah I also
have this face mask that Ali got me for
Christmas love you Ali over here is just
my clean laundry basket see if you
haven't noted it says clean clean clean
clean clean and everything's pesto over
here I have some more fragrances I have
Monsieur I have a really yummy smelling
Victoria Secret perfume acrylics cold
I have molecule I have Asian provocateur
tell pink body lotion it's so skinny and
pretty I have my Coco Chanel body lotion
and to top it off I have my gold rush
Paris Hilton perfume that smells amazing
then I have my music box that please
love beyond Rose literally do I saw my
current one of my Christmas blogs I
ordered this on eBay because I was just
like yo this looks like my bedroom or
this looks like totally me I get in a
mail and then I spin the bottom and it
please Le'Veon Rose here for you
all right so all of that play I also
have these shoes set up for decoration
and I have this Yankee Candle called
cloth blanket it smells so cozy so if
you just light the candle and lay in bed
it smells so comfy you just never want
to get out of bed this is my crown from
when I did the Nutcracker night routine
then I have my TV on the wall over here
I need to get like pictures to hang
stuff and then here is like my coat rack
I have a lot of vintage nightgowns on
here and like things that would just
like look cute this is like my carry-on
bag so I'm gonna take that tomorrow over
here I have the Bible I have my rosary
case but my rosaries are currently in my
purse and then I have to spare that cam
got me and it has a pretty Chanel ribbon
on it and then I have a little vintage
like Bible verse quote book it's like
really cute and then over here I have
some ten redundant boxes to help tie and
like Parisian kind of look with the
straight and then I have some dangerous
women like ariana grande autographs from
the VIP package in these drawers I have
is like make up make up you know make up
make up make up I actually have all my
Kylie cosmetics in this and then so yeah
I don't keep that with anything else and
then here's a cute little frame and a
necklace a lot of stuff in my room has
like meaning then I have some jewelry
and I have other jewelry but you guys
know I see majority of my jewelry in my
room closet like my glam room or room
closet whatever you want to call it and
yeah there's a bunch of wires down here
in a space heater because I get very
very cold alright guys so that's it I
hope you guys enjoyed my lcd room tour I
hope you guys like my room as much as I
do it's very comfy and I feel like
Cinderella or Wendy I can't decide which
one yet let me know in the comments down
below if you have any ideas on what I
could put in this room if you like the
chaise lounge idea or if you think I
should just leave as is yeah thanks yeah
thanks for watching and I'll see you the
next video I have after this I think I
filmed here but I don't know which video
I'm gonna upload next but you know or
I'm going to be in LA so I'll see you
guys here in like a week from now and
then
in LA I'm going to upload vlogs on there
so those you who are confused I do have
that Marie Antoinette beans room in LA
and this is like my 1dc room in a few
all right love you guys bye
