hey guys it's dangerous woman
so this is my hair for the dangers on
the tour I got inspiration from her hair
for the tour itself I'm so nervous I
meet her today I'm here in like an hour
what the heck nope who's coming with me
I know I'm bringing like my camera to
take pictures and this vlog camera and a
backpack so this is my outfit I'm
wearing a onesie and agent provocateur
bra since are even wearing a lotta bras
on this tour a necklace inspired by her
opening outfit the hair I showed you and
extensions and me shoes so we stand in
line for the VIP and look who realizes
oh my god Adaline why are you here
please explain how I am DC because then
I'll explain why I mean something run
night your lashes yeah really I booked
this like a month ago and I was trying
to like look a show but I didn't want to
be like an obvious location and I'm not
even snapping tonight cuz I wanted to be
the dining condo so we can show I'll get
fired
once I plan my outfit based on it can
paint on me to look sad to watch the
show with my own eyes and I was going to
know
I feel like we need a disguise for him
though that was my guy yeah I think I
was gonna know who you are I got your
head of us yeah
you
recording guys you hear what happened
I've been influenced by you for years
I've got a lot of hate for it but I'll
never stop supporting you re like I was
thank you thank you thank you
I know I wasn't fired so you won - thank
you so much thanks i hating you on your
book like me I'm hiring you got this
okay but I love you anyway
thank you
Oh
through the moment
what
wrong
yeah
Oh
hey guys so I'm a little I don't want be
stressed out but my anxiety piece a
little bit but I'm good
you know the guys had one of the best
nights ever and I think college' - I
think he found a new woman crush I think
I was replaced tonight how I'm
definitely replacing a night look he's
walking Arianna videos on Twitter her
vocals was my soul why do you like this
table booby and you for real
really boy so this is one of the merch I
bought it's this sweatshirt and I like
it because reminds me of her she was
wearing an oversized sweatshirt as thigh
high boots when I met her and then I got
this long-sleeve shirt that has Ariana
on it it was an extra small I like how
like these shirts with this cut fit when
their necks small and then I got a
medium of forever girl and it fits like
a dress so that'd be so cute all right
guys so i'ma go to bed I had an amazing
night it went a lot better than I
thought I thought she was gonna hate me
because all her like fans hate me but
she was super nice very nice when I met
her I know I didn't like really talk
much about after I met her but when I
met her she like kept her she hugs me
when I first came in and I kept her arms
around me as I was talking and then
hugged me again and she was making very
good eye contact
time and our pieces were almost like
notes to know that she's very genuine
not what I was going to expect when I'm
not saying I was expecting her green but
like I've heard some stuff about her
meeting rates or people or like feel
like it's unfair it was magical was
literally amazing if you loved her album
it's like amazing to hear the sounds
like I loved The Strangers esque intern
touch it look at that face you're like
yes oh yeah we are almost at 1 million
guys I know I don't talk about within
any vlog originally why don't you talk
about it but we're almost at 1 million
and I just wanted I so much I met a lot
of you guys tonight I wasn't expecting
to meet you guys at the dangerous
woman's where I was expecting to meet
people who wanted to kill me at a
dangerous moment or but you guys so much
I'm so blessed and I'm trying to plan a
video for when we hit a million lease
collapse filming a video tomorrow night
or Thursday the one that we were playing
last week everyone was commenting like
my morning routine so Sally Legge
where's Nash but that's not the video
that we were planning to film it's
actually the ariana grande song we're
doing again so I guess in honor of this
vlog my 1 million subscriber videos in a
baby squad video yep alright see you
guys next time we really truly truly
love you guys
