hey beautiful
hey guys so Ann Nash is over and we're
in the middle of planning our next V
Squad video that we're filming in a few
days excited get excited okay I know
we're so excited oh I think we already
have the song but we don't know like
what the concepts going to be now kind
of I don't know we're brainstorming we
do want to be best
hi guys because that's my girl video is
the only video we were not bad at I
don't know like me my girls greedy yeah
those are badass videos and then freakin
that's my girl I loved it was fun she
felt like we did anything bad in it so
now we want to make a video where were
bad in it again another one and I was a
girl she would be here helping as
planned but Robin itself is day after
tomorrow and we're going to have a
camera guy again like we did for our
last video than how to order them to
happen with it what was it called plate
over how to dress my tummy is pretty so
camera so be excited so cats out of the
bag I'm painting my bedroom it's so
frickin white it's so not me I miss
having a pink room even though I go home
a lot so yeah these are the paint
options this is this is Rockabye which
is the lightest this is the darkest it's
called tea rose that's closest to the
color of my room at home
then there's fresco and I was in love
with fresco until I put frosted tulip on
the wall and as you can see like frost
ooh looks a little more blush that's a
little more pink this is like a lighter
version of tea rose and this is like a
lighter version of fresco
I think I'm going to stick with a
sausage to it because I'm more into like
a blushy pink so this will be painted
next week hey guys so I just let it flow
out it's the morning and I get to ossify
I get a lot of questions asking like oh
my god that sucks so much my car oh my
god okay so I get so many questions
like people asking me why I like to go
out and the answer is I have so many
functions in my head just almost easier
to like get with your walkie and smiled
and same time girls I wash my hair it's
so much hair that I would put a hair dry
and then it gets naughty today I am
going to be riding with a lot of errands
I have to run to the post office to drop
off by Poshmark orders I'm also going to
have some Marshalls right now and I'm
going to look at some like that room
decor since I am redoing my room in my
apartment
and yes I showed you guys like paint
samples off a but I fail to mention what
I saw put it that I'm redoing that room
like a city I don't think outlook I
never blog in there guessing magic
Thiago ever
are we doing it I'm gonna go barking
right now are you getting this night
table look how cute it is and this tray
I feel like I'm putting this up right
now
and like flowers I just feel like that's
so cute look where I am because Martian
wasn't enough and I'm ironing out that
cake pop that pink one right there yeah
that's going to be mine
I'm obsessed with Utah so I'm munching
away on my cake pop and majority of the
reason why I came here is because I
remember their shabby chic collection is
just amazing and this is the bedding I
literally had on to life like and look
at that I can't believe they still sell
this I have our cake pops
I bought you them janaab look this just
like aesthetic again so I'm back at my
apartment and I'm organizing a few
things I am all over the place
I sleep at school with my friends at
college and then I come home and stay
here then I go to my parents house so
I'd like a duffel bag and like I'm
unpacking my jewelry I just thought I
would show you guys these jewelry boxes
that I use when I travel because they're
so our aesthetic here so these are
called macaroon jewelry boxes and
they're from Landis and they have a lot
of like our aesthetic just look at this
they're so cute and miniature for those
you who want to buy like a little cute
travel jewelry box I recommend these
they take like no space in a travel bag
you just slip it right in and it tastes
like no space you see that they're a lot
smaller than they then they look this is
the blush colored one this is when I use
a lot and then if I have extra jewelry I
always use the light blue macaron travel
through jewelry box and I'll link these
down below they were kind enough to let
me share a 5% promotion code which is
bland OGD and everything will be linked
down below so do you want to see all the
stuff I bought
for my new room just look at this I got
so much stuff I would do a haul but I
don't want to give away like what my new
room you don't like there okay yeah
hello yeah here's like one of my pillows
I got and look at this cute little like
dish towel I got for Easter I wanna
start decorating for Easter if you guys
want to be in the featuresnow videos
with Minnesota simply because they made
either spring anything like that so
tonight I think I'm going to go out with
my friends but I need to wake up so
early because these squats coming a
video tomorrow and I have to be the 7
o'clock so I don't want to be hung over
because I'm hungover I'm like drums the
entire next morning so I'm going to go
out with Kenny and all our friends
tonight but I cannot get drunk like have
a martini and that's it I what if I
might make it for this vlog but I'm
going to beat my face later and I don't
want like makeup on my face for that
long I run errands without makeup this
is usually how I go out in public
yeah I'm like how I was about makeup
those you to meet me in public meet me
like this I just do my makeup a lot or
like vlogs or if I'm feeling girly or if
I'm with my friends or I'm going out but
what I'm just running errands can I do
this call and what are you doing
anything wrong you're editing a vlog oh
my god I don't even know what he's
editing guys like he did this all on his
own
oh my god guys go subscribe this channel
this looks so cute already bud
oh my god you guys was I got it Bath &
Body Works I got these like sponges that
like you use as like a loofah or
something their Valentine's these scents
are so cute their macaroons steamed and
this is tutti dulcis honestly I butcher
words but my favorite scent is golden
honey praline and if you haven't tried
that I totally recommend it
I'm watching the clips movie this is a
good way to end the night
okay guys so before I go I just wanted
to show you the mid boards for
tomorrow's video so I don't know if you
guys know what this is about but yeah
yeah I don't know if I'm going out
tonight anymore or not I'm pretty tired
but yep
Angele see you next time
