alright guys so this is all the slime I
made so hey guys so I'm currently look
how gorgeous
and this their first time at the melting
pot how do you like it so far
you try it it good it's like sweet but
like salty tangy I don't know if you
guys have ever tried melting pot but
it's a thing to have like apples and
cheese it's like a really weird food
combination those who aren't familiar
with the melting pot you pretty much
cook your own food you get like a raw
food and then you stick it in this
boiling pot and you yep you pay a lot of
money to make your own food that's what
it is hey guys so I'm currently in like
a loaner car cuz my Lexus needed service
and a detailing and whatnot and I'm
super obsessed with this Lexus it's the
uh next I think instead of the GX and
it's so cool and I don't stark in here
but there's like a little like thing
hole I don't to show you guys let me put
the flashlight on it you see this right
here you move this around it's like a
remote and you get to pick like select
things isn't that so cool
and it's like a touch screen light I'm
just obsessed with this
oh my gosh this car is so good for
vlogging like you could just there's a
Ledge that you could just sit the camera
on oh my god anyways I'm gonna head back
to the apartment I'm really tired
melting pot was delicious if you guys
have never got to melting pot you
totally should not sponsored and yeah
I'll keep up with you guys at the
apartment
hey guys so I'm back from the dinner it
is actually kind of late so I have to
like talk pretty quiet so bear with me
um I want to show you guys a few things
that I got in the mail today and the
reason I want to show you this is
because I know a lot of you guys say
that I'm always showing like luxurious
or fancy or expensive things and I never
really take the time out of my days to
show you guys like affordable things
that I do buy so I want to take time out
of my day to show you guys affordable
things I do buy I used to shop at Zappos
all the time but now I've been shopping
at Sammie dress and I've seen a lot of
youtubers do this it's I feel like it's
cheaper than forever21 if not the same
pricing I'm gonna link these outfits
down below as well as like other things
that I saw on this site that capture my
style that are more affordable for you
guys I am gonna try on these outfits in
like a little square in the corner or
split the screen I don't know what I'm
gonna do yet but you'll get to see what
these look like on as well so the first
thing I got is this cute romper and it
fits a little big so make sure to just
shop as if like it's gonna fit bigger
this reminds me of like a runway romper
for like Chanel or Dior with all the
little buttons it's very vintage looking
like my style
I feel like this looks really expensive
but it's not it's super affordable and
the material is really nice and it's
just nicely put together it looks like
really good quality so I'm obsessed with
this the next thing I got is this
adorable blouse and it comes with a
matching burgundy skirt it ties in the
front and as you guys know I wear pussy
bow shirt all the time I don't even know
if that's what it's called please don't
make fun of me but yeah I'm obsessed
with this look and this feels like
cashmere it's so nice like I don't know
if you can tell but this is like like
really good sweater quality the next
shirt I got is this cute knit shirt with
these ribbons that tie at the sleeves
there bell sleeves my favorite kind of
sleeves ever and I love how it's crossed
in the front like a rapture rapture it's
are sold in like Topshop forever 21
Urban Outfitters so I really like how to
capture that honestly I know this is
going to
a little adult for some of you but I
love wearing like a cute pretty like
black bra or something that will capture
the black on the little tiny clothes or
something like that that's something I
would do but if you want to dress more
age-appropriate I think a cute little
black banjo or camisole underneath would
be so cute
the next thing I got is my personal
favorite pinafores are really in right
now and correct me if I'm pronouncing it
wrong I'm known for just butchering
words but this pinafore is so so cute
and it looks so vintage and so my style
is so girly and fun and young and
youthful
do you like reformation revolve and
Urban Outfitters heaven and Topshop have
been really catching on to this pinafore
look this has been very trendy in like
2017 2018 so I decided to look up
pinafore on this website and they had
some really nice ones and this was my
favorite it's corduroy and it's really
good quality and I love wearing like a
cute little turtleneck or blouse
underneath to look like a little
schoolgirl jumper adorable
last but not least I got a winter coat
from here this is something I'm
genuinely gonna wear and it was so cheap
compared to all the shirts and skirts
and dresses I buy it's so warm and it's
so pretty it's a powder pink and it has
fur on the hood like a fur trim and it's
really long and babe I wish I got this
like sooner in the winter because now
I'm gonna start turning spring in a
month and a half two months um yeah
that's it alright guys so I'm gonna take
off my makeup but I just want you guys
to know I'm in the process of redoing my
closet you guys didn't know that already
from my other blog so it's like a mess
in here but tomorrow I have two things
coming in from my closet tomorrow and
I'll be sure to vlog those all right
I'll see you tomorrow morning I styled
my hair it was a little frizzy this
morning but I'm gonna go ahead and do my
makeup for you guys this isn't a
tutorial but I have been considering
doing like a straight-up tutorial for
you guys I don't know why my chin is so
shiny I think it's from the tea tree oil
but I've been planning on doing like a
full-on makeup tutorial on my everyday
look for you guys but this video this
vlog isn't gonna be about that because I
just came up with the most brutal
an idea while I was trying to organize
my make up doors noticed you guys like
my make up stoop video a while back do
also liked my DIY highlighter slime like
a few weeks ago so I was like what if I
just turn all this unused makeup into
slime so I'm gonna try that out after
I'm done doing my makeup for the day and
yeah
now that I'm done with my makeup I'm
going to attempt to turn the beauty
products I no longer use into this slide
okay guys so I'm not a professional but
the first slime I'm gonna attempt to
make is fenty Beauty foundation
Oh
ha
alright guys so this is all the slime I
made so I'll start over here this is the
Mac pigment I was able to squeeze it in
the jar fortunately this is the fancy
foundation but it is still a foundation
so it does still work I feel like but do
not put this on your face over here I
have a cup of coffee lush face mask
slime the coffee grinds acted like a
sugar to the slime and didn't let the
activator do its job so it's just a
texture like glue so that didn't work
over here we have the snowy morning bath
and bodywork lotion this worked very
well it's a fluffy frosting like texture
it's very playful as you guys saw and
then last but not least we have the
Chanel blush and that worked very well
this is the best one then this one then
this one then that one then that one so
tada that's my unused beauty products
turned into slime hey guys so I'm in the
rental car with Kenny I fell in love
with my rental car and it sucks because
I have to give it back tomorrow
we're gonna go to Dunkin Donuts if you
like it still has enough sport mode like
oh like listen when I step on the gas
faster I feel like a bad bitch in this
car whipping through the drive-through
in my new whip my nails match the strong
we had enough of yours so right now
we're going to our College just to chill
and hang out we don't have class right
now but we have a lot of friends that go
there and Kenny works near school so
yeah that's where we're gonna go before
I end this vlog I want to show you guys
have been super cool so this is a mic
lighting photography print of the V
squad from the Blood Queen season 2
photo shoot that I have in my living
room you guys can actually buy this so
I'm gonna link it down below but I have
this and then I have another really big
print in my closet but I'm redoing my
closet so I don't want to show you
everything so far but yeah that's what
it looks like my favorite thing is just
like looking at the chandelier and then
this is just like chilling in the
background how cute I also just
unpackaged two new designer bags and I'm
gonna do an unboxing video or a portion
of unboxing in a new vlog next week so
stay tuned for that and last but not
least this is the wallpaper that I'm
gonna use to wallpaper the back wall of
my bedroom so yeah everything kind of
came in the mail at once and I don't
know if you guys caught on but I am
redoing my apartment kind of yeah I
guess that's it for this vlog my face is
greasy I got to take off my makeup I'm
gonna go to the recording studio right
now I'm actually recording a cover for a
music video I want to put on this
channel and yeah I would bring you guys
with me but I just feel like this vlog
is really long it has a lot going on in
it but I know you guys will love it so
yeah I'll see you guys my next fancy
vlog stay tuned for the unboxing bag
video or blog and stay tuned for like my
little room makeovers that I'm doing
alright I'll see you guys bye
