beautiful hey guys I'm currently in my
closet and I'm going to do my makeup in
here today switch it up a little bit
kind of what my Beauty Blender
so I finished my makeup on the floor and
get all that maybe I should keep this
top not in today hmm should I the anima
anyways Ali is having a get-together
later tonight
the squad's meeting her new boyfriend's
so I haven't met him yet cuz as I've
been in LA and Asha hasn't met him
either yet so we're like let's just me
them together
Ali's had we get together so it's going
to be more than just us but it's really
exciting Collins at work right now
and I'm just a happy camper just
relaxing on my Saturday so as you guys
remember from the score video were that
we film right here we are accessible
shopping example and I just got an order
in the mail so I'm going to show you
guys so I'm sorry I just eat a cookie
I'm gonna start with the jewelry
actually as you guys know that boy buy a
lot of swimwear and like clothes from
there but they're starting to solve such
cute jewelry they're rose gold jewelry
is so beautiful and affordable and I
love it looks like students the bracelet
was around pendant on it this focuses is
for example because the one below it is
the bangle from Louie Vuitton but this
is another bracelet oh my god this is
such a cute Instagram picture someone
screenshot this hashtag Instagram
picture from blog I also got these
adorable babies oh my gosh they're
pointed toe pumps with bows on the back
and little rhinestones at the heel they
look great against friends I love them
that's also a new Instagram picture my
fan page is always have the best Twitter
aesthetic so I feel like this we're
going to be on one so these are other
issues I just bought from there they
totally look like Valentino's you could
totally get rid of things around she
knows I feel like because they make me
exactly ones except you pay like
thousands of dollars left and as you
guys know like I well I don't know if
you know this I know I don't own a cream
or white
or a black fur coat these are fake by
Debye but I own a black and a cream
feather coat so and that makes other
coat but I had to get myself a black one
and a cream one and I've gotten a lot of
questions from my last vlog when I was
driving in the car listening to ariana
grande you guys wanted to know where I
got this like fur varsity jacket from
it's like a varsity jacket with like
first leaves that are Navy and blush so
scream queens very like sorority I love
this style jacket it is one of my
favorite jackets ever and also got these
velvet skirt it's a peplum and slowly
just so cute and as you guys know my
rose gold obsession is real so I got a
rose gold dress and it was like that so
I'm currently on a date with Colin and
we're going to the river it's actually
moisture here and it's usually really
really really freaking cold but it's 70
degrees today and he picked out what
this dress for me to wear
look how pretty this is our River annual
Club also called the book walk reserve
it's all rhythmic Gabby in college with
her hello Trevor oh how pretty
what columns vlogging to colonizing
YouTube channel guys this is his first
blog you guys probably remember his
channel but is assistant this I'll link
it down below and actually about patina
back because when I got moved from my
face I felt during feeling - thanks bro
but yes I am certainly naked sitting on
my Senate I'm not actually - toilet I am
competing for the tub to fill up because
I can't miss at least get the other I
don't know if you like it could be my
allergy to because I went to college
house earlier and he has cats and I'm
allergic to cats so then I'm just plain
speaking from emergency just in case I'm
getting like a virus or something which
fastball shall I use I think I'm going
to use like a half of like a unicorn lon
you can get four good baths out of life
too
so Kenny just got here
then just finishes makeup and we're all
gonna head to Ali soon I'm wearing
Kaitlyn just a necklace and this new top
my god until the problem all right Danny
hey k can it work I know guys any other
channel they both have channels go
subscribe to them devil oh oh you guys
haven't seems like I have like a change
of setup in my room though so we're in
Ali's room and we're waiting for Nash to
get here not a lot my god guys look at
Ali's freaking closet
she likes to organize it and showed it
to me first thing and I'm so proud and
then I have a skit I'm going to kind of
cross Poshmark says everything I'm going
to be selling yeah that's good
like all done here yeah yes ooh oh my
gosh
so freakin cute so I'm currently back
from Ali's and I'm with Collin and Kenny
and we're watching The Prince and me and
then we're going to bed goodnight guys
look so much
