hey guys so I'm back home in my
Pennsylvania apartment as soon as I got
home from LA with Valentine's Day so I
spent the whole day with my boyfriend
and now today I'm going to go see my
friends at the college I go to and I'm
not going to say the name because I
don't want you guys to know that I'm
also about to update my kosh mark
because I'm giving away saline bag but I
don't know what I'm going to put it up
or what I'm gonna have the time to
update it because it takes a lot to take
the picture of the item and then edit it
and put it on the store and I'll see all
the information and the pricing and the
researching so that's going to take a
little bit but this is going to be the
next item this is going to be the next
item my crush mark so say hello Celine
the last few items sold within an hour
sold out so you guys have an option when
I'm going to restock and I'm definitely
going to start restocking this week I've
been asked if I'm going to sell anything
designer and the answer is yes so I'm
selling a saline bag but I promise the
prices are going to be so much better
and especially for that bag I'm going to
do like more than half off for that so
you may be wondering what I'm going to
be up to right now and oh my god I can't
believe I'm actually doing this but I'm
going to take you guys with me when I
get my lips touch up like my lip
injections all the college of the
Bueller's this is your role model she's
getting with reductions but you know
what for the first time in my life I'm
not going to explain myself I'm just for
the people who genuinely watch me and
genuinely want to know what it's like or
information about it and all that stuff
yeah stay watching for those you who
don't support me and don't support that
then please click out in this video
it's something that makes me happy it's
something that makes me confident so I'm
going to do it and I also have a
platform with people that are asking me
all these questions about it for like
the last three years so it's finally
going to address it I'm going to show
you how it's done or whatever I'm not
trying to promote plastic surgery I'm
not a fake person and that is exactly
why I'm making this video so I can just
be straight up with you guys show you
this experience if you're interested and
just to be informative most crews tend
to lie about anything done and I like
being real if you guys if it works you
guys I want to be where I am today and I
want to have the strength and courage to
do these things so I'm going to let you
guys know obviously to lie about that
would be completely absurd like I said
upon yourself to make yourself happy a
lot of people are people pleasers and do
things or don't do things because of
what other people are going to think
I've been wanting this for so long now
and finally I have the courage to go and
get it done little mouse savage I'm in
the chair yeah I'm gonna have to take
all my lipstick off and some of the
makeup around here so it's like numbing
cream so it doesn't hurt but it still
hurts nothing alive good we're going to
put the first one in and over here
okay so we're going to do the lower left
but we're going to just do a little bit
get like a quarter syringe or like a
half a syringe and we kind of defenders
are always beautiful tada
it doesn't even hurt like after a while
are doing it does hurt but like not as
much as if if I didn't have the cream on
for the numbing cream yes so these are
my lips guys I could you know I love
them so much and this is them like
without any like lip liner or anything
sorry and so oh my god it looks so good
your job laughs I thought I loved it
