hey beautiful really I haven't really
started decorating all that much yet but
all I can tell you is it says let them
eat cake and my walls aren't even
wallpaper yet so hey guys so I'm in my
pajamas I'm wearing these adorable
Betsey Johnson kitty cat one it looks
like gold and coming a zombie time oh my
gosh I cannot go to bed without using
tea tree water on this
so as you guys know I love makeup plus
it's like one of my favorite editing
apps for Instagram well Paris Hilton as
you guys know is like one of my idols
and my manager also a person she put out
some makeup looks on makeup Plus that I
used for Instagram pictures I will show
you her looks on this up so I'm going to
choose this picture of me and on this
app and like tries to recognize your
face and I'm going to go down here and
we're going to see this arrow then I'm
going to go to collections and then I'm
going to go to Paris Hilton and for her
looks there's all different is exotic
costume red carpet this is costume red
carpet ooh I love red carpet you can
make it super heavy or you can make it
super light there's like an adjustable
bar I really like this one
there's exotic there's all different
makeup looks I love this one this one's
gorgeous this is going to have to be my
favorite look I love a pure tones let's
come out on February 11th on this app if
you guys don't have makeup plus make
sure you download it I literally use
this on a lot of my Instagram pictures
so I'm just letting you know I'm all
comfy in bed and I'm Marco shameless
rejoices anyone I hate every who need it
I need to get help how do you drink
mutation let me know in the comments
down below if you guys love shameless as
much as I do
it's starting to feel like home a little
bit in here finally hey guys so I'm all
dressed up and I'm about to go over to
pick up my friend Norma from her
apartment I don't know if you guys
remember from my luxury haul but I have
a friend named Norma she does all my
hair extensions she's literally me she's
a small blonde like love designer things
very like very hyper very energetic love
her so much like I've never met someone
with such a soul sister personality
anyways been hit it off right away when
I was here last trip like a few weeks
ago and now we're going to go shop on
Rodeo Drive hey guys this is Norma I
just got done telling everyone how we
are the same totally right identify and
everything I find offensive a little
like me a little girly yes very good
they're so girly you guys have to see
your apartment so now we're going to go
shop our butts off on Thursday yeah I
can't wait my my understanding is very
school saying goes we're in Louie and
oMG they have Roseville stuff everywhere
that's it in the case are you going to
continue we're going to car gage yeah
network the love rings yeah series a
lotta regionalism yeah I'm so excited
with my bracelet guys in this lighting
you can see it's like so rose gold and
3d and yes I am she came up to me was
like oh my god I turned around cause I
thought you were my friend and I was
like oh really like wait laughing at her
name there Tara with her last classes
basically she plays pennsatucky and
oranges new black yeah he thought it was
her behind my boy we thought this girl
at her she needs to make like some part
of business doing this as a voiceover
the tower realized boy sorry Beverly
Hills Hollywood California climate so
many because my sister's always tell me
that I sound like kinda sexy like
because whatever so I'm currently
enormous apartment and she upon herself
said you know I just want to add more
extensions to your size bang and to the
size of your head pretty much to say my
face and she's just always got such a
good job but she just did this because
she felt like it like this is the nicest
thing ever you a little swagger oh yeah
oh my god I love my hair yeah so many
Nikki's coming I feel like this week
yeah Peola yes guys look how gorgeous
our part no I got it so messy no it's
not gorgeous uh I love it okay well I'll
see you guys when I'm back at the
apartment right now I'm actually going
to go get like a foot massage at this
place right next door to her apartment
and then I'll catch you guys at my
apartment in my bedroom and I'm going to
tell you guys the good news and yeah you
better stay tuned for that new amp came
in
look so cute hey guys sorry I'm filming
this part of the vlog on my photobleach
it's just because my camera died I was
vlogging all day and I didn't want to
let you guys down by not telling you the
news I like hyped you up to tell you
tonight so long story short I'm going to
go clean I'm going to the dangerous
woman tour I'm not saying what show
because I'm not going for a
meet-and-greet I'm going to be
entertained and watch a show I really
wanna see it looks so freakin good like
all over social media I'm so freakin
excited now I know I'm probably going to
get like completely hated on right now
because people either think I want to be
here or they think I hate her or they
see a fake and a defense to some of my
previous old tweets there was a time in
like 2012 2013 2014 where I denied
liking her because I just didn't want to
be associated with her because I was
trying to pursue my own career trying to
be myself and I just felt like other
people weren't letting me be myself
because I was constantly being compared
so back in 2012 I forget what the tweet
said but somehow these these tweets
appear everywhere because people they'll
have them I like mentioned that I met
her in 2012 and that it wasn't an
enjoyable experience measures mean and
incidence to myself because I don't live
but that was the night Jay Brooks broke
up with her the show I went to 2012 and
it was the listening sessions and she
literally canceled her soundcheck cried
offstage made us take pictures with
strangers in the we angry even though
that's not what we paid for and then
when I met her she just said I need
water and she gave me a hug and she
looked really sad so that wasn't exactly
a great experience but I didn't mean to
like bash her on social media but I did
that because I was frustrated with
myself and I was frustrated with like
all the comparisons so
everyone's being loud Nicki and I have
people over so I'm just trying to get
like my message out on here while it's
really loud in there that's the sense I
wasn't really fair when I tweeted those
things I didn't explain it was that
night and all the background story do it
so yeah and then I think I also had
problems with her back then because
there's like an article that came out
that she said she hated her fans in an
elevator and that rubbed me the wrong
way because I was a fan and I was I was
really mad about that but yeah I don't
have a problem with her anymore I
haven't I between her lyrics for the
past few years as you guys know I'm
always a big supporter but it's very
ignorant when people tell me I'm trying
to be her I mean those of you who have
stuck around it's like way in the
beginning like zero zero my girls know
that there was a time and place where I
was trying to check not trying to be her
because I don't want her job I don't
want her life but at once at one time I
really was over overly inspired by her
style and that was I think summer 2015
somewhere around the time where I made
my Instagram purple but at least I went
up to it I admit it I was overly
inspired I'm pretty sure every Aria
nadir goes through that phase where they
are like crap she's amazing I want to be
just like her but I found myself and I'm
happy with myself and I'm a very huge
fan of her music especially the
dangerous woman album I mean I was
trying not to get tickets this year just
because like I saw a honeymoon tour I
saw listening sessions or like I seen
her you know but when I saw video clips
of like her performances it was songs
live I was just like I need to see this
my and all my car eyes for the past year
have been the dangerous women album so I
know it was something I should probably
do and I was in an airport I was like
you know what I need to get tickets I
bought tickets and guess what I also got
me angry ticket too so that's going to
be interesting I also went ahead and got
the meeting because I was why not I'm
sure people would love to see an updated
picture of me side-by-side with her
maybe then people can see we're very
different I also want another meeting
her experience like I want something to
talk about I want to make a great vlog
for you
I want to make it real honest and real
whatever happens in that meet-and-greet
maybe I'll leave the audio on on my
phone or something I just feel like this
is going to make such a great vlog and
I'm gonna have such a good time at the
show yeah I just wanted to let you guys
know all that and in this sense to my
ariana grande character on the celebrity
series I know this past video that I did
the morning routine
celebrity morning routine video I got a
lot of heat from the re inators saying
that was what I said or what Ariana said
was very disrespectful and shade and I
wasn't throwing shade I don't write the
scripts myself Nikki nice axe levers on
the scripts like and it's all for
comedic purposes like we like we make
Katy Perry a drunk English not a drunk
in real life we make tell herself a mean
girl she's not a mean girl real
life-like not that extreme we make
Ariana a little diva because that's her
extreme in the show that's what's
comedic about her character
everyone's so different in celebrity
series and that's what makes it the
celebrity series but they were all just
plain and happy and nice people it
wouldn't make it with celebrity series
so yeah that's pretty much it I'm not a
hater I'm a supporter I'm an Orion ater
I'm me I'm not trying to anyone else I
just want to let you guys know that
there are going to be a vlog a dangerous
woman to our blog coming up very soon
all right I love you guys
