Hey ladies I just wanted to share with
you this really cool mascara that I just
got it's camp fire 3d mascara from Kate
cosmetics and it gives me three hundred
percent boost in volume it has these
little tiny fibers that you put on
before you apply the mascara this is an
amazing alternate if you don't like
wearing fake lashes it also works very
well with eyelash extensions just like
mine and it really extends your lashes
and it's on sale right now at peak
cosmetics calm and you can use my code
which is guy beady I have it typed out
down below and right here if you use my
code you can save an extra 10% on all
their sale items and that's up to 50%
off so that's a good deal
also some peak cosmetics this duet
dual liquid lipstick is fantastic it's a
matte and gloss and one that lasts all
day and it's also on sale right now at
peak cosmetics calm you can use my code
gab easy and save an extra ten percent
on all of their sale items that's also
up to 50% off I'm obsessed with the fact
that it comes with lip gloss simply
because every time I wear liquid
lipstick my lips dry out so bad so it's
very handy and this is always a must
have in my purse
I absolutely love the applicator for the
lip gloss today I am using the Duval
thirty two millimeter pro series curling
wand I've used this in a few of my vlogs
and this is my go-to curling wand this
wand is a great one for getting large
curls which is what I'm obsessed with at
the moment and you can use my code GD
black for 75% office and all of their
styling tools at do all calm I will link
all of this down in the description for
you I personally think this wand is
perfect to achieve big sexy curls
especially for Valentine's Day
you
