hey guys so I know I just put up a car
tour but I decided I want to put up a
closet tour and if you guys stay tuned
till the end of the video you would find
out that I'm selling some of my clothes
and my hand-me-downs from this closet
and it's going to be a regular thing
from now on so that's what gave me the
idea to show you guys what my closet is
like from shelf to shelf you know you've
seen it a lot of videos but I want to
show you everything it looks like this
you guys have seen my closet in a lot of
my videos on this channel and I felt
like it was about time to show you
everything section by section you know
you know the drill so over here I have
well I kind of have my closet split into
sections this section over here I like
to call it my vintage inspired section I
know there's some fur in there that's
not vintage but anything with blush or
vintage Iker in here as you can see
there's some pops baby blues I kind of
just wanted this rack to be a little
aesthetically pleasing because all the
others are kind of mumble jumble and I
just wanted some kind of aesthetic for
this rack and over here I have a white
winter coat on this dress form and I got
an umbrella light over there so as you
guys know I'm not like the cleanest
person in the world so I have some stuff
laying around but I did get these new
Louboutins and they're sparkly and I'm
obsessed with them they're such
going-out shoes and then I just have
some luggage this Henri Bendel luggage
Louie Vuitton luggage to come over here
and I'll start at the top you get all of
these designer boxes up here that I like
to hold on to and I just think they
aesthetically all go well together I
think they look very pretty up there and
then over here I have these two shelves
Silvan filled with these pastel shoes
please miss Blake and down here I have
some chokers I have some jewelry and
collars and I have some jewelry boxes
with stuff I want to give away and over
here I have a Valentino box and I think
I have like important receipts in there
and up here I have just like accessories
and more accessories I kind of just used
this bottom row for some accessories
like head pieces necklaces chokers all
that fun stuff you know through an
overview of fees I have had pieces on
these mannequin heads I got this idea
from scream queens in Chanel's closet
she has these mannequin heads with head
pieces on them I made my own Chanel
number three ear muffs right here and
then I bought these from Etsy I kept
this ariana grande box right here
because it's just so beautiful and I
feel like it's aesthetically pleasing
and I have this bench right here and I
sit there and put shoes on or I edit
videos on here I also have a lot of my
like pinky and girly perfumes in here
and I am obsessed with the re Herriman
so you guys know that stuff is always
been a thing with me I also just got
this candle for Valentine's Day and it's
called fresh cut roses
I'm us down here I have my going-out bag
so when you think I would just grab and
put like my camera and phone and wallet
in is right here I mean I have just like
random Michael Kors head Baker and over
here I have socks and tights and dress
scarves then under here I have my Asian
provocateur lingerie and as you guys
know agent provocateur is my all-time
favorite better than Victoria's Secret
in my eyes and I've got like really cute
Valentine's Day underwear look how cute
with the heart and then I have a lot of
my designer bag bags you know what I
mean when a designer bag comes in like a
like a protector bag I have all those
right here
and then in here it's like designer lane
I have some designer stuff just like
displayed over here I just have more
clothes more clothes I got this for free
I don't know why from a chef of a
Couture but this is a dress bag in case
I'm traveling and I want like my dress
to be protected it's a really pretty
dress bag so you know how I said that
rack it's like vintage in blush colors
well this seam right here I said with
Chanel's or like scream queen slash
1990s grunge so I have like a lot of
like Chanel looking stuff like what the
Chanel's would wear and you've probably
seen a lot of these in my videos before
a lot of furs over here and ostrich
feathers going on and just anything that
looks like something as Chanel would
wear I have over on these racks so over
here I know this looks scream queens as
well so there's everything but I call
this the French rack and anything that
looks I know everyone would call me out
saying not all French people dress like
that but there is a style called like
French chic and that's the style I was
going for with these racks anything that
looks French chic but yeah this is like
the Parisian style of racks I'm obsessed
with this rack you don't understand like
I've shown you guys probably recognize a
lot of these from different halls I've
done so yeah this is pretty much my
favorite rack and that's why I put it
right next to my mirror because when I'm
taking selfies I want those clothes to
be seen to be long hairs help and we
have the same manager so you guys are
wondering we were like commenting on
each other's pictures and stuff we know
each other because of our manager and
because I feel like I'll get a lot of
questions on where I got this lady from
I got it from Windsor yeah I love taking
pictures in this room this is my
favorite selfie setup I ever set up like
this long near Paris right here my
favorite clothes are here and like the
shoes behind me and the boxes I kind of
did that on purpose for selfie reasons
so if you guys love this let me know in
the comments down below and over here I
have my jewelry I have pretty much all
rose gold jewelry and
I need to start using this more I put I
have all my earrings still in like my
travel bag I have like my Chanel chain
here as you guys remember from the vlog
I had my Chanel earrings from a
Halloween party and I have more Chanel
earrings I'm just obsessive Chanel
earring and then I have like my favorite
pendant and choker I love my Tiffany's
choker and then underneath I have like
boxes and receipts because the story you
got to keep all of that I had my travel
jewelry bag right there my one and only
San Cielo jacket for those of you who
saw me on girls night didn't know I wear
this at every single show and my stage
name is fancy Ella now to the exciting
part guys so in here is a closet in a
closet
and I put my Christmas chain here and
some luggage under here is any costume
I've worn for Halloween or a music video
or anything like that is right here I
know it's really disorganized I have
some girls night and costumes down there
but up here I have clothes that I'm
going to be giving away so those of you
who don't know this I opened a Poshmark
shop and I'm going to show you guys what
that is right now but basically every
month I'm going to take down clothes
because I shop so frequently and put
them here when I no longer want to use
them and I'm going to sell them to you
guys so like I was saying I have a
Poshmark account and this is what it
looks like it's so pretty guys you need
to shop from here look at that so this
is basically what it looks like if you
want to buy something you go here and
you see like all the details of it and
this is the original price and then I
give a cheaper price wash mark
recommends 50 to 70% off retail value so
I always make sure to give you guys a
good deal the only one that I don't get
a good deal with is for a very good
reason I know it's a ridiculous cost for
this one but that is because it was one
of my original costumes from the girls
night in tour
so yeah but I'm definitely selling it
for a lot because it means a lot to me
I'm just showing you guys this because I
want to let you know that half of these
hand-me-downs are involved in my videos
or my career so you guys to feel super
special wearing them you had this in a
hall and I wore this in the interim of a
video and I wore this in a hall and I
wear this top in a video and you guys
probably know what videos I'm wearing
what from which is so cool because then
you guys could be wearing the same stuff
that I wear and those are all reasonably
priced it's just a girls night in one is
priced a little different so my username
is fancy Ella make sure to follow me I'm
gonna show you guys how I post and so
pretty much I go find the image in my
library and right now I'm going to sell
these shoes because I don't wear them
anymore unfortunately
so there's options to pick a filter I
already have these filtered so that I
hit next
and then I click add another photo
because I want to give every angle
possible because you guys are buying me
so I took two different angles then I
give a title to these I'm going to call
them pom pom then
and then you do a description so I'm
going to write one one which is very
true all the stuff I made sure I only
wear once or never worn at all the only
exception is that girls night in costume
obviously so then you pick category we
go to shoes I'm going to pick Cougars
yeah I'm going to pick us six and a half
because off my shoe size brand I don't
know if they have it in here but I think
I got these shoes from Saul's kill color
is pink original price usually I look
this stuff up for now I'm going to say
they were $20 and because Poshmark
recommends 50 to 70% off retail value
I'm going to say that all charged them
for nine dollars and next and then lift
and that's hard you it and you can share
your listings with a lot of social media
which is fun and so now you see this
listing see you see all the angles you
get all the information guys please
become a user you have the advantage of
being the first users to shop at my shop
if you're watching this video if you
shop for my shop make sure to tweet me
or tag me an Instagram picture or tweet
me a picture of you wearing some of my
stuff because I would love to see it
recycled and if you do that I will
retweet you or favorite you or like or
whatever because that's just so exciting
because you're just sharing a part of my
life you know make sure to shop my shop
guys make it offer on my items and just
so you guys know you earn five dollars
off your first purchase and my code is
GK EAP it's so exciting and I'm very
excited to let you guys in on this part
of my life so yeah
count is good feel loved and I just
realized I forgot to show you guys that
this is my vintage closet in this
apartment as you guys know my parents
house at this vintage room this is where
I put all my vintage clothes in here at
it stored in my cloud
so oh yeah I just do you guys know I've
moved that bench to take this um nail
picture because I wanted to show the
bench and the shoes so yeah that's why
it looks a little different right at
home but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
this video
I worked super hard on building my dream
closet and I hope you guys enjoyed my
closet as much as I do love you guys
