beautiful hey guys long time no talk I
can't believe it's been this long since
I've got an actual vlog but let me just
tell you guys that I have very exciting
news for this vlog I did something a
little crazy yesterday and I'm going to
show you but before I show you that I'm
going to show you how a Christmas trees
are now down and I'm in the process of
like redoing my apartment a little bit
and this may look like a vanity right
now but it's just a little cute dressing
table in the eating area and if I ever
have to do someone's makeup it would be
right here and I would just turn the
chair around I've been doing a lot
because makeup lately so that's very
convenient because my vanity and there
is very personal but yeah it looks like
this in here
I kept the eye space and ballot issues
because I feel like they go with like
the vintage vibe in my eating room and I
need to figure out something a little
more creative server here but this
mirror is going to go above here and it
lights up I showed this in a vlog before
very shabby chic I'm going to put that
up there and over here I have some cute
little knickknacks but together look
real cute and I put a vintage box right
here hey guys I am blogging from my new
car yes I bought a car yesterday and I'm
so happy as you guys know I was driving
around like same car for long
and I loved it that's why I got like a
new version of it
I'm driving a GX 460 470 and it's white
and it is mocha and black interior and
so excited I'm really happy now so if
you guys could be happy for me that'd be
great there's any handle so I know you
guys probably learn about the whole
night if you're anything like me and
you're just running around and you don't
have time to eat like a proper breakfast
or proper snack because I like to snack
every two hours to keep my metabolism
fast under just buying a gorilla bar or
some kind of healthy snack that is
tastefully satisfying and filling I've
seen a lot of like youtubers and people
on Instagram talking about these
zucchini brownies and also a kind of
snacks that like a website down below
but pretty much this is low in sugar and
high in protein which is the diet I'm
currently on and I received a lot of
questions about what reading to do I'm
not going to get into that now I was
like painting lay on the vegan diet and
I was really unhealthy and I wasn't
eating right and I became anemic and
yeah yeah yeah I can make a whole video
on why I'm not vegan anymore but nothing
against the vegan community I think it's
really great what you guys do and I like
it for some support what you're doing
but for me it's like a low sugar high
protein diet pretty much what I do and
this is so good for this diet
the guy all help me because it's like
json-ld student isn't a step this is low
in sugar but music it's filled with
sugar I get my snacks from alright I'm
going to go pick up Kenny and then I'm
going to do a car toward so this is what
the outside looks like it's white and if
the gx460
and it's a 20-17 and it some places and
Kenny's on the phone over there and hey
boo we're going stopping so we are in
the slam mobile and this is a name that
can you know I came up with when we were
looking at this car so I'm going to give
you a quick little mini for the days
with you so I'm going to start out with
the front and it looks like this and
this is like a really pretty cute rose
gold symbol for Lexus it's not focusing
down on line and it's like a mocha which
is like some chocolate brown and black
and Rose Bowls interiors and that may be
if you have super happy because I love
like white cars and I love earth goes to
I then have this cute little black and
white pom-pom up here so then over here
I have like my little vanity it's like
my favorite perfume I wear all the time
and it's called black opium by YSL and
then some charming Charlie I have that
like glitter spray that is literally
just powder that comes out that's
glitter and there's like a little poof
that you please then i my phone and then
I might be and Katie holding my prayer
then over here I have an umbrella and I
just got it in German and I have my why
is all sunglasses that I just got in LA
confused
it reminds me of the perfume bottle
and then I have a whole entire back see
I have another back seat back there but
I like to secrecy sound science I pick
up furniture or a lot of shopping bags
and yeah this is what the glamour ovo
looks like just about what so yeah I
think I showed them earlier if this is
like my way to Tom starfish of it
dangling over there in my older car but
I decided to put it around here because
it's be reveal and hide more Kenny is
going to make a glam mobile playlist
because he's the worm that rise the most
in my car okay I'm hungry
