hey guys long time no talk oh my god
I don't even know where to start in this
video so I think I saw from my previous
video I was in LA I was super sick I
know I was in the hospital first day but
the recovery was pretty hectic
considering I had the flu and that's
like a ten day recovery and after the
stomach part of it came the sore throat
and the cough my asthma and everything
went a little crazy
Asik eleven pounds it was nuts I don't
wish up on anyone everyone go get your
flu shot my eyes are all bloodshot right
now I don't know why I woke up this
morning neighbors like bloodshot but I
called my doctor he said you should be
fine it's probably because I'm cystic so
if you guys see that my eyes are like
kind of scary in this video I'm sorry
before I get started I just wanna let
you guys know
shout out to my BFF Norma she's 91 no
hair extensions right here and ran into
like a little hair like saying in LA a
little crisis she totally made me feel
like a princess with me to walk so in
exchange for her kindness I would love
to send some of her weight so you guys
could support me and maybe go follow her
on Instagram for Instagram or maybe
comment on a picture or like her
pictures or whatever I will show you
love that you showed me left so if you
commented on her picture I'll go heart
your comment if you follow her I'll go
look at your profile and like a picture
I just want to share some love to my
friend Norma's if you can help me out
yet anyway I went shopping on my
shopping because I was sick so I that's
what I do when I'm sick I online shop
and for those of you who said who
probably worth a sick new head makeup on
in your last video on when I don't feel
good I put on makeup because it makes me
feel better I was better on the outside
I feel a little better on it also
happens with you but I'm against
this is a lot so I do not know I'm going
through like a rose gold obsession and I
went ahead and I bought these shoes for
Miss Selfridge and they're so cute
because they go up like the ankle and
the fields are all bedazzled the next
thing I got from Miss Selfridge was this
adorable little wristlet and not little
but it's so cute it's definitely a
statement piece it displays my fashion
in one little bag like it is the cutest
thing I've ever seen it's definitely
super events or going out with your
friends I also got this pencil skirt
from the Selfridge it's rose gold and it
is just the cutest tight pencil midi
skirt I've ever tried on so those of you
who are picky I believe this isn't a
petite section of that website and it
fits the body very well for the
particular short my next purchase was
these adorable heels on Miss Selfridge
calm and they have adorable bows on the
back and the cuffs are all bedazzled and
they're nude and I feel like it's so
girly and feminine because I'm obsessed
with wearing dress softswitch heels
especially heeled sandals like those I
went ahead and got myself the loveliest
sets of blush colored socks these are
Max and these are shimmery blush so cute
then I thought myself the loveliest
punch on top I haven't ever seen looks
like this it's kind of like a cape but
it's a shirt and it ties at the bottom
it's like a bow so it hugs your waist so
it's like loose and then hugged your
waist and I believe it's just on your
shoulders like this was like a deep
v-neck it's very cute and I feel like
it's definitely very spring so I can't
wait for spring to come which leads me
to my next items very much winter I
bought this adorable winter coat which
is baby blue from Miss Selfridge and
it's so warm and I'm in need of a very
very warm coat now that I'm back in
Pennsylvania the next item I bought from
Miss Selfridge is
then adorable wuzzy which would look so
cute with that rose gold pencil skirt
and I feel like it's so Valentine's Day
very French with the one side and the
tulle on the top and I'm just very and
low a bit like I feel like I need to be
closing a little toy poodle with this on
and with a little Jim Collins from Miss
Selfridge I bought another adorable
beaded like accessory and it's just
beaded shawl it was adorable at the top
and I also bought the top during my big
shopping spree from Selfridges oh so
cute you like that
my next purchase is this adorable rapper
from Nasty Gal it has ruffles and it's
cream with black polka dots and it has
ruffled shorts at the bottom this is
honestly just so European so classic
very chic and it clearly brings my style
I love this so much
my next purchase is from Nasty Gal and
it is so flowy and silky and soft very
fit for petite bodies and it doesn't go
to my ankles thank God and I'm nasty gal
I went ahead and bought this baby doll
dress that looks very vintage
it looks like an oversized shirt and I
don't know how I feel about the color at
the top but I feel like with the right
accessories it could look so cute and
obviously from Nasty Gal I got this
brawl it because what other shop sells
these cute creative brawl apps like this
and I got this because often they come
around corner and this is just so cute
swear words like a tool sir I have
something I don't have a lipstick room
like Oh last but not least you probably
I doubt this gem throughout this hall
and as you guys I bought myself a Chloe
bag when I was sick and it is brand-new
it is brand new I still have the tag on
because even the tag is cute but it
looks like this and I don't have any
like blush designer bags that have like
a combo with gold and I am so happy I
came across this it's all jammed up it
just looks so lovely and I kept it right
there because they feel like it's hide
everything in hall but yeah that's it
for this haul um yeah I really want on a
shopping spree monastic and I was like
what better way to come back from being
sick than with all things I bought when
I was sick I will see you guys in my
next fancy vlog and yes this is a
preview of a new setup I have going on
in my apartment so let me know if you
guys want to see any updated like
apartment stores or anything and yeah I
love you guys so much
