hey guys it's Gabby and a long time no
talk I know I haven't blogged regularly
since like before I came to LA and I
promise there's an excuse for that as
you guys probably saw on Twitter I was
in the hospital day 2 in LA it's now
like the sixth day or almost a week I
think it's yeah sixth day and I sorry I
still don't feel good at all
I've been bedridden I've been sleeping
and every time I try to go out and have
a good time I just feel too sick and I
come back here and just sleep as you
guys know like when I come out here I'm
like homesick as it is because I love my
home life I love my friends I love who
I'm surrounded with I love the scenery I
love how cozy my apartment is I'm just
stating whether I was home and in the
hospital it is just even more
uncomfortable that I was here and in the
hospital with no one basically what
happened was I don't need him to be
honest I don't even know what happened
because I woke up at 10 a.m. Thursday
morning I woke up 10 a.m. I was vomiting
non-stop like like once every five
minutes I was throwing up and it was to
the point where I had absolutely nothing
in my stomach and I was just heaving dry
freaking heaving and whenever I just
wanted to lay down and relax my body
wouldn't let me and would just make me
dry heat for like minutes straight and
Nicki's not one to like be like you
should go to the hospital did it a one
I've never got to the hospital before so
I'm not like little boy who cried wolf
like oh I need to go to the hospital for
everything no but when Nicky saw me
hunched over the toilet hours and hours
and hours just dry heaving and crying
not being able to take down any kind of
drip of water
she said take out hospital take out of
the hospital I was turning like blue
because I could
breathe because my body wasn't letting
me breathe because if I wasn't throwing
up it was making me dry heave and if I
tried to drink any kind of water it
would just make me dry Hebert throw up
and this was going on for hours and
hours and hours on end so my tour
manager from girls night in came and
took care of me and was trying to take
care of me and then he decided to take
me to the hospital I was at the hospital
for eight freaking hours till I was seen
eight hours and that's because the
hospital was beyond packed it's flu
season and there was no room in the
waiting room and I needed to lay down so
I went outside literally in 60 degree
weather laid on a bench with a blanket
that the hospital provided and I laid
there and waited for eight hours and I
still consecutively threw up once every
five minutes and I swear to God that is
no exaggeration I was suffering I was
miserable I was cold and crying for that
long and I'm not telling you guys this
to feel sorry for me I'm telling you
guys this just let you know that I'm a
little shaken up because after a day
like that in a place that you don't feel
comfortable in like all you want to do
is go home all you want to do see your
mom and at least you would hope like you
would start feeling better and it's now
like the fifth day I don't feel better I
mean I'm not throwing up because the
hospital provided me with medicine that
makes you stop throwing up immediately
if you feel like you're going to throw
up or if you're throwing up so I have
that but they finally took me in I got
to the hospital like 1 or 2 they took me
in it like 9 or 10 just really freaking
ly I was so out of it when they took me
in the game the IVs they ran all these
tests and they sent me home with a
medication that just doesn't let me
throw up so that I can at least like
breathe my throat has cuts all over it
my throats bleeding randomly it's raw my
neck and back and face and chest are so
sore from the heaving I couldn't even
feel my legs for like two days after
that because it just took so much out of
me pretty much I've been very sick
I did have a vlog all filmed and ready
to upload and show you guys but every
time I tried to upload it there was
always something that would come in the
way like the internet was down or my hot
spot wouldn't give in or just an upload
failure and then I just took that as a
sign that maybe you shouldn't see my
vlog and it had nothing to do with me
being sick I filmed that vlog that
entire day before I got sick but as I
kept watching that vlog and editing it I
noticed that I was putting on a
completely fake face for you guys
and I was trying to make my life look
one way when it was really the other way
so before I even got sick I wasn't
feeling great I don't feel great when
I'm out here and that's just it's just
it's as simple as that
like I'll come here because I have to
come here and I need there's things I
need to get done but I don't feel like
myself I feel kind of lonely and I feel
very homesick and as anxiety driven as I
am I've had anxiety issues since I was
little but I feel very very anxious I
just don't want to fake a vlog for you
guys being oh so happy and cheerful
unless I am actually happy and cheerful
so if you do see a vlog for me and it's
from me out here and I'm happy and
cheerful that I probably am happy and
cheerful maybe I'm having a good day
maybe like I'm starting to see the
brighter end here like you know but that
day specifically I just remember I was
just full-fledged forcing how I was
feeling just because I thought that's
what you guys wanted to see and I didn't
want to disappoint you guys and not
upload a vlog so yeah that this is just
a little rant I know that you guys are
always there for me and I'm sorry I
haven't been as consistent as I usually
am it'll get better I know it will I'm a
very friendly person and I know I have a
lot going for me out here and I'm very
freaking grateful for everything that I
have it's just a little bit of the
emotional problems that I can't
drawl and that's what I'm letting you
guys know I the last thing I want to do
is be fake with you guys and I'm not
going to do that but that's the one
thing I refused to do on this channel
maybe on another channel I can be fake
but I can't be big here
alright I love you guys I'll see you my
next fancy blog
