hello okay now
beautiful hey guys it's Gabby long time
no talk I am so sorry it's been a long
time since I blogged I'll get on that
tomorrow as to why I haven't I was going
to start vlogging tomorrow but because
that's when all the exciting stuff
happens but I just got a package from
zaple and I know you guys like when I do
try on halsy like to see where I buy
clothes so I'm just going to do that
quickly right now
and I'm going to start it off by showing
you this top that just came in the mail
and I love it cuz that's a twist right
here the next thing I got was this
sweater and it is super cute because it
like ties in the back if you can see
that and it's super comfy and I wish I
had this sweater for the holiday so I'll
just keep rocking the burgundy though
the seasons are over
oh yeah and everything's linked down
below the next thing I got is this
velvet top and it's like a crop top and
it's so cute
kinda looks like a pajama top or like a
lingerie top I think this would look so
cute as a pajama or with shorts in the
summer it's not really a winter top but
I really love this and I'm definitely
going to enjoy this with like my lounge
clothes then I got a tie up sweater and
it's like a topi color and it's like a
camel color I don't know what color it
is but it really goes good with olive
green as I can see right now I'm really
liking this color combo as you guys know
I'm going to LA next week and I got new
swimsuits too so I'm just going to show
you them I'm obsessing with it because
it has padding for the boobs really
liking this one it's really like surfer
ish I feel I feel like Ava wearing like
a zip-up swimsuit next thing I bought
was this velvet swimsuit and I'm
obsessed with velvet lately this is a
halter the back has like a cross and the
front is like a v-neck a plunging v-neck
so here I'll get closer this is what the
top looks like this next swimsuit is
personally my favorite it says Rose a
all day I'm obsessed with Rose a guy's
like it's probably the only alcohol I
own in my
apartment it is so yummy and it's so
girly so I thought what better way to
lock in la Beach than wearing my
favorite beverage
you're on my swimsuit that's what it
looks like I really like how it fits
this one it's like an athletic swimsuit
so the last things I'm going to show is
this wine colored swimsuit and this
flower coverup and I'm showing this
together right now because the back of
the swimsuit is a thong so I kind of
just want to like keep this rated G in
defense too like the thong style bikinis
are really in an LA no one looks at you
with five hundred eyes like if you were
to do that over here in Pennsylvania
just so you guys know I think I'll just
tell you this now in case I don't get a
vlog up by the time Nikki and I head to
LA but I'm not moving out of my
apartment this is always going to be my
apartment but Nikki and I it's become so
expensive to pay for hotels every time
we go to LA so we did get an apartment
in LA you will see that next week I will
vlog it there I'll show you what it's
like it's right by the beach so that's
why I'm getting a lot of like swimsuits
and stuff
and I'm not completely moving there I'm
going to be bicoastal meaning like I'll
go out there to work and sleep in my
apartment there and when I'm home I'm
here or at my parents house so I
technically I'm gonna have like three
homes I don't want you guys to get
emotional about this apartment because
trust me I'm gonna be here in like two
weeks I'm only going to be in LA for two
weeks then I'm coming back here so I'm
gonna be like back and forth and back
and forth but mainly here because this
is my home this closet this room this is
my home guys but I'm also very excited
to be seeing my la friends and getting
like the crew back into my vlog that's
just a disclaimer that like I'm not
fully moving it becomes too expensive to
pay for hotels every time we're going to
LA to work so it's almost cheaper to pay
monthly apartment instead of paying for
these expensive trips staying in hotels
when we go out there to work so a lot of
you guys have been asking how I edit my
Instagram pictures so I'm just going to
show you I haven't decided if I'm going
to upload this picture yet or not now
I'm not just saying this I'm kind of
reviewing a really deep and dark secret
but I use this app on makeup Plus and
right now this is like the makeup that
I did on my own but I like to emphasize
like how I look sometimes by doing like
extra contour and it like smooths out my
makeup a little bit like I'll choose
like maybe another foundation to like
cover up more of my blemishes you get
the hang of it it does it for all
different kinds of things like brows
eyeshadow eyeliner eyelids like eat
everything I generally like to do my own
makeup I'm less like I had a really bad
makeup day and I really like the photo
then I'll use those little things but
sometimes it's just like a finishing
layover before I put up an Instagram
selfie I'll go to like the theme section
I'll hit this arrow go to collections
and I'll go to the glitter pack because
they have this makeup called rose gold
and I don't know if you see what it just
did but it caught you could choose like
whatever level you want obviously I
don't want it to be intense so I'm going
to do it lighter but I really love the
rose gold look and I've been adding it
onto a lot of selfies lately so like I
do do my own makeup but it kind of
emphasizes the the looks I usually do I
usually do like a bronzy eye shadow and
lip and cheek and the rose gold pack
really makes it glittery and pretty and
soft so yeah there's a little insider
hey guys so it is not the morning it is
the afternoon and I had a late start
because I slept in and I'm at my parents
house and I'm about to get a blow out my
hair is just a little it's like a little
crazy it's a little greasy all in a
minute I'm gonna go get my hair done and
then after I get my hair done I'm gonna
close a door to see if I'm cleared from
on oh yes I've had mono for like the
last month or two and yes I haven't been
exactly taking care myself that's
because I don't feel sick it's just my
spleen that's still swollen and I'm
waiting to see if it like went down or
something
also in buying a new laptop today I'm
sorry I haven't blogged as much as I
would like to it's just because my
freaking laptop is full of storage and
my hard drive isn't working and this and
that and I want to get a new laptop so
I'm going to do it today so I can
actually edit this video and get it up
when Bay doesn't want you
leave hi Lily
hi she always makes me feel so bad for
leaving I'm sorry Lily she loves going
to the terrace lot I'm about to go do
cuz there's puppies that run around
everywhere but I have to go to the
doctor after I get my blow out so it
doesn't make sense bringing her I'm
gonna have to drive all the way here and
drop her back off
so I just got a blowout and what it
looks like
okay
all right so now I'm going to go to the
dog
freed from my and I just got back from
my doctor and I just got told my spleen
went down and I know it's gonna sound
bizarre when you hear that but like like
I said in the one vlog I've had mono
like three times once when I was a
freshman in college my blood test
confirmed that I had mono then last year
when I was filming dance camp I had it
it started after dance camp and I've got
it again this year and when I tell you
I've had mono all these times like it's
blood test confirmed and I had it again
this year and I'm like when is this
model gonna stop so I guess I have
chronic mono chronic Epstein bar which
is C EBV and it's always this time of
year for the last the last two years
it's been this exact time of year my
mono becomes activated and then like
through two or three years before that
is when I first had mono so I guess all
of college I've been dealing with mono
so those you who are in college take it
easy when once you get mono it's always
gonna be in your system so you can like
reactivate your mono if you don't take
care of yourself so I reactivated my
mono twice I had mono once and I
reactivated my mono twice so take care
of yourself Morrel the story I feel so
much better I'm gonna go get some food
in a drive-thru and then I'm gonna go
pick up my new laptop yeah
this is what my new baby is gonna look
like it's rose bowl and twelve inches
how cute is going to match my phone
my phone is like the size of his eyes
like it's so small but that's why I love
it like I literally love this computer
it's only 12 inches like I could just
throw this in my bag with my iPad and
hop on a plane
they're like travel I don't know I think
it's really good for traveling it's so
packed here though
Carine makeup shopping now because that
is what I do that I told myself I
wouldn't do this but I makeup shopping
after I just spent all that money on a
freaking macbook hey guys so I just
finished shopping and I did some damage
in Sephora well I went to the Black
House invoice market because
I saw they were having oral jewelry out
really shop there ever
oh my god he's hearing
this really pretty bracelet it looks
like this
school's over the jewel
it was like that and it's Rose Bowl
yeah I really really like that I got
these two NARS foundations they're
really velvety I just tested it and I
really liked the quality so I got these
foundations and I'll probably do some
kind of like updated makeup look soon I
always need to get more finishing spray
because I always use that backup
then I got like this mini travel size
cap on the eyeliner pen and liquid
lipstick because I like to go out and
it's just like a good things like in my
bag like traveling for you to touch up
my makeup I got this brown makeup
forever powder because like T's into my
bro
and I got this brush for my brows
Sephora has like the new liquid lipstick
collection and I got like this plummy
brown nude color which I'm wearing right
now and I really really like it then I
got an autist hacia liquid lipstick and
this is in the color of Dolce then I got
naked skin by urban decay for concealer
this is just a little travel size to
keeping my first and then I got Daisy by
Marc Jacobs I always get like the travel
size I love carrying this time with me
when I'm out so I did just spray myself
and then also from black house white
market I got this gift card holder which
is what I'm going to use to put like my
ID and my cards when I go out so it will
fit like a little wristlet so yeah that
was my
Oh oh my
I just it out let's see if she won't
stay here
