hello okay now
beautiful hey guys
go guess who's here a lien now and yeah
if you're wondering why this big
mattress is in my living room we had a
sleepover last night so we decided we're
gonna do a Q&A because all you guys keep
asking for one and you know we've never
done one so we're gonna do it in this
vlog so I tweeted
b-squad Q&A send in your questions okay
the first question from Polina Hilton
says have you ever thought of Aggie
school tour well we don't talk about I
didn't make a file like a weekend we're
like we go to like three locations and
just like I don't know do something fun
not like a show or anything like yes I
think I got like two more like I know
like meet everyone and then like do
something fun
who is most likely to travel the world
Gabby Gabby do you think Alex way more
like she know number three means either
one to follow with the serial killer
right and she'd be cool with it he's bad
okay I love - I love you girl have you
all been Christmas shopping for each
other yet we're gonna exchange presents
soon yeah
when did y'all meet well I met javi in
like again she's my first best friend
yeah it is yeah yeah all right and then
ash oh my gosh
she met Simon through Ali yeah how do
you work together we work together Ali
was my favorite memory together mm-hmm
definitely believe videos I and then
when we met on that
fine that summer was the best summer
yeah that wasn't really good that was
such a good summer and share a story
when all of you got a little too tipsy
um definitely that's my girls yeah bye
yeah we like made a video - that's my
girl and it was super fun - felt like we
always have fun filming our like music
video thank you very much that now I
don't even know the band or you you
don't even have the back story my ex
wishing's like at the bar yeah and then
she's dying and then I got back to the
apartment and I was crying they come
back for her and we changed her into a
onesie and then you don't put a drunk
person in a one because if she had an
unbuttoned the bottom favorite thing to
do when you're all together I don't
think we like yeah we like we're gonna
exchange gifts they go Christmas
shopping
what is the V squad theme song warm in
the winter you're thinking in the mall
and a song came on I was so weird she
was a volume at the time I know everyone
was like that guys like the song from
scream yeah she why are you called V
squad everyone I'm sad I think it's your
vagina squad Village squad on Victoria's
Secret squad and that's none of the
above actually yeah it's um
you guys saw it's like a scary movie
I'll link it down below it was like a
movie Nikki I did a Halloween movie it
was just fed off of scream queens that
we did for our main channel and she was
Vanessa she was violent and I was Vivian
and we walked in the form of a G we were
those girls we were like mocking the
Chanel but ever since you're like to be
like hang out sister like and we feel
like there's like a name for like oh
yeah you gotta connect up and like you
know you're going to Bob
yeah kept calling us s no more like it's
just like it really changed our group
chat so he's quite after by this scary
movie in the movie and we're like
Halloween shopping panned out I think
that's like why don't hit right like
just I keep it
yeah up calling each and that's okay
we're really yeah I know have we filmed
that video like the week before so then
it kind of just start but I can t be
Scott and like we don't me and my girl
comin I think that was the video
wherever we're just like yeah oh my god
guys every presence are there so we're
going to open gifts yes come at my my
bags I literally just grab like fun oh
Henry Bendel oh my god every metal apron
yeah yeah I'm gonna open this one first
rose gold bangle I'm a she knows I'm
obsessive these days oh oh my god guys
look at that I know that you love the
Rose go yeah stop it it has a link belt
a key
Hallie thank you so much they open it
that's the truth this is so beautiful
that's really pretty so glam like
oh my god these are so cute
does I really do they go so good uh-huh
oh this is so sexy yes okay yeah really
good on oh my god oh you oh my god I
have to wear this out yeah it was tight
when yeah that was yeah so oh my gosh
with this that's really interesting you
know no thank you guys look nothing oh
my gosh yeah all these are really pretty
too all I got are like purple like match
my nail color exactly what is this this
is so cute we need to go out forever I
feel bag of engagement like Nasheed rest
oh my god that's that's so you
that's so Alan and you however is gonna
have everyone you don't have too much
tissue paper in there that's going on
this is so cool that's a doorway
it's I guess yeah you're conscious in
the back and the front has like Chris
crunches and sadducees I really thank
you and I got her to make it naked pal
yes thank you I know you love your yeah
I need to get him
I have all the lights in a smelter
open it Hey oh my god this is so you
remember someone's like he squatted me
come back thank you
oh my god
I don't know with my pink one there I
got an agent provocateur as you're just
nervous
this is no for the boys over here you
little cats on there and get it oh my
god you know that what kind I know we
get let's wear red today actually guys I
think I'm feeling a little more pink all
right hey Dave I know that yeah I love
it
we're gonna go Christmas shopping now
guys and feel it what's so cold it early
so cold
can-can
of course we're here I'm buying my
grandma like foundation and a
moisturizer because she was asking me
about it and I'm so excited to give it
to her oh my gosh so pretty I want this
yeah sure so pretty I'm sorry you you
don't like the circuit filters like
that's a sister so ya know kill you guys
feels that what everyone lately since
like IMing her blonde switch me off I
guys like on Dallas and then I was like
no but Nash does they tell me that a lot
of I don't know I I don't see it cuz I
mean you know what I mean - and I look
like twins and Ally well you guys and
then there's Kenny lavender color
ally ally I felt like Ally when I got
these nails done moving Malian Dan oh
it's right over here Chris Truby squad
hey edit this one do that I wish yo mg
guys go follow my Instagram and go
follow a lien ash - oh my god these
texts popping up at the top screen
oh cool this is how I get gas
yes sir
hi hey Dean much I hate her she made us
take those gross pledges into Kappa
house I hate her she plucked us out an
abject poverty and left under her minute
the school no questions asked
would then let us to fulfill her life on
Brandon we have a teeny doctor goes off
with the bag all right guys well that's
a pretty Spock and I love you so much
