good morning fancy babies so today I
have Ali with me
and I'm gonna start doing her makeup I
love doing her makeup we want to take
pictures today and I think we're gonna
go to the mall and they get pedicures so
we're gonna have a pretty girly slash
fancy day so I know I have to vlog for
you guys and yeah I'm gonna get started
with Ali sneak
Diaby just finished doing makeup in my
hair she's like a half up half down like
a little pony with like the wraparound I
love when she does that on me eyes look
so cooler right now alright guys so
barely trying to find parking there is
no parking and I completely forgot that
today is Martin Luther King jr. Day and
every kid has off today so yeah we'll
probably rent it to some of you guys
I'm also crazy there's actually no spot
so Eddie they're leaving
yeah brands like stocking oh this little
kids cute he looks
but look so happy I can't believe
there's a guitar here oh hold back bitch
thank you she's leaving to get out I
guess okay
yes we got a parking spot oh my gosh
guys look how many cat ears they're so
cute
we love I think I feel like in 2015 you
and I became obsessed with icing these
are so adorable
that's like ariana grande concert status
holy rose-gold guys oh we would look so
cute and a picture frame like sparkles
of her love this bike oh my god we would
look so cute in this picture frame Wow
that hats cute it's like a rose gold hat
look what daddy found
so I'm about to try on little kid eggs
because these are so cute and they said
if I'm a six-and-a-half and women's that
I'd be a four and kids so let's see if
that's true I hope these are gonna fit
Wow they actually do fit oh my gosh
they're so kilos everybody cute I'm
obsessed with the I definitely have to
buy these they're so pretty they little
Peaks of gold it's pretty secret right
now and we're shopping for Valentine's
Day but guys
I feel like I look like a fairy in this
they just have so much around like
holidays oh my god yes my favorite part
about Victoria's Secret is a sparkling
floor look at that precious I want to
get sparkly floor in my closet they make
some of their underwear like way too
pretty
hey guys were here today oh that's bad
name
oh my god it's in blush pink I like that
better than the gold should yeah sexy
Ali I don't know if the Lighting's doing
it any justice but this is like a blush
pink color it's so pretty it looks like
a peasant top it's like a corset guys
where's the kurrekurre app when you need
it oh my gosh yes BFF underwear oh we
just ran into some more of you guys the
girls are so pretty girl sister yes I
have two sisters two it's fun
oh this is nice they have a lot of
sparkly things in here that looks like a
fake Gucci 2-piece
that's cute everything here is adorable
here's an OOTD by the way I'm wearing a
Juicy Couture beanie I'm wearing Pico
some Abercrombie skinny jeans I don't
know where these boots are from and I
have a bag and my sock
but I got macchiato with no syrup
espresso milk and two packs of CB up
guys look at this candle I got at the
mall or should I say candles so cute
it's like a bunch of cupcakes in a tray
it's like chocolate caramel chocolate
vanilla vanilla vanilla I'm gonna blow
out some of them so you can see what
they look like so this is what they look
like they look so yummy like I want to
eat them
it looks like actual food and it smells
like actual food at the kiosk it
literally how to sign saying do not eat
do not lick do not touch they smell so
good it smells like a bakery in here
alright guys so I'm gonna show you what
I got at the mall and it might closet
those you who are new this is my closet
I'm actually redoing the entire closet
this month it'll be done by February 1st
and I think me squads gonna film a video
in here when I reveal what the closet
looks like after I redo it but anyway I
got them all I ended up getting the
child ugh my favorite part about these
is the Gould's little specks throughout
and the bow in the back I'm gonna make
sure not to dirty these this time I
still wear the pink ones I got in 2015
all the time but they just got so dirty
I needed to get new ones when I was in
icing I got a lot of Dory I got these
your must for Nash for blood queens I'm
gonna custom do the ear muffs like I've
done before I've made my own ear muffs
for blood queen season 1 so I'm gonna
kind of copy this whole method by like
ripping apart jewelry and gluing it onto
the ear muffs I do have some real pieces
from actual scream queens for Nash this
season so that's pretty cool she gets to
wear Billie Lords ear muffs a few times
I got this headband because it reminds
me of the one ariana grande wore in
scream queens this is for Ally I think
for blood cleans I got myself this cute
little bow headband because it's just
super cute and another skinny headband
and another headband this kind of looks
like this but this is silver this is
gold I got these rose gold bobby pins
with jewels on them you guys know I've
been doing that like bobby pin hairstyle
where like I line them up so I thought
that would be super cute and then I got
pearls to put in the hair
Queens more little like bedazzled gems
these are all just like hair accessories
that I think we're gonna need for blood
queens so that's gonna go in the
blessings box and more I got some pearl
earrings cuz I lost mine I got the dual
sided pearl earrings oh my god like it's
like glistening so cute I got more hair
gems more bobby pins and tiny little
rhinestone earrings they're so cute and
sparkly and then I got a regular
headband and obviously I got that the
Belle Victoria's Secret that's the last
time I went to so in Victoria's Secret I
ended up getting this corset bra top I
showed you this in the store it looks
like a peasant top it's very cute and
romantic and I just can't wait to wear
this I also got this top that says angel
oh my gosh it's so sparkly look at that
I got some sparkle underwear and the
last thing I got I'm not showing you
because I don't want Collin to see this
video but it's for Valentine's Day it's
a surprise but let me know the comments
down below if you know which lingerie I
went for I think I showed it on the
camera guess down below which lingerie
set I ended up buying for Valentine's
I'm so interested to see what you guys
think I picked out so yeah make sure to
let me know I don't think I should
sugarcoat anything I'm almost 23 years
old so I'm about to finish writing some
blood Queens episodes Mike and Thomas
I'm gonna bring you guys with me it's
pretty cool we're in like a little
conference room only do it I'll see you
guys and we're working on the next
episode of blood Queens the script I
mean I don't want to show like what's on
the computer screen but yeah it's pretty
cool and like we use the whiteboard to
help map everything out I'm vlogging
this because I'm honestly so excited and
it's just like I seriously can't wait to
show you guys what
store like you have no idea this is like
bigger and better than season one and I
can't wait for you guys to see the
quality - we're working with a
professional camera crew from
awesomeness TV so that's exciting he's
the guy that did our first music video
so it's gonna gonna be lit I'm gonna get
typing away and then I guess I'll keep
up with you guys going to be here
everything out all right guys so I
didn't vlog at all like when we finished
writing because it got really late and
we got really carried away and we got
really tired and hungry so I'm gonna
grab some dinner and go upstairs and see
Colin ID blog more but I feel like this
vlog is sort of long if it's not I'm
really sorry I just feel like there's a
lot of footage right now I've been
trying to keep up with the long blog
game so yeah I'm sorry if this isn't at
least you know I'm trying cuz I know you
guys like one fancy blogs and I'm gonna
make you guys happy I have a lot of
vlogs coming up soon like I just got to
designer bags that I'm gonna be unboxing
in a vlog next week because you guys on
Twitter seemed to really want that
because I tweeted I was like retweet
this if you want to see me unbox -
designer bags that I just bought and you
guys were loving that and then I'm also
gonna be doing like an updated closet
tour or maybe like a V squad video in
the new closet I'm redoing the whole
thing I don't think you guys are gonna
see my closet and vlog until like the
very first or around there oh my god I
have a lot to say alright well I'll see
you guys I'm an x-man C glog I love you
guys so much
alright
