hello okay now
beautiful hey guys so I'm currently in
New York City Brooklyn to be exact and
Nikki and I are shooting a video MMO
onesie and I do not feel like getting
out of it cuz it's freezing in here
Christmas seen the video that's Gabby
Nick canap√©
Nikki Cammy Nikki and this is my
wardrobe over here so Gabby
Nikki so guess where I'm going after
this I'm going to Emily's house and I
know you guys enjoyed my blog whenever I
go there and I always see her around
Christmastime so that's like really
excited
Nikki is shooting right now and I'm
shooting after lunch I believe because
they have to set up a whole set for me
Nikki sets obviously blue you can't see
and mines gonna be pink and Ally's gonna
meet us here at 3 after the shoots over
her and I are gonna drive to a
lighthouse for the next few nights I'm
so excited go so I just changed into my
white dress I look like like a Santa get
a little
look at the new your cousin came to
visit me on set and we're going to Emily
- did you saying that they can't wait
trace it's like a little retreat that we
like yeah it's really complication I
know we got it good morning guys
it is like 9 a.m. and I'm at a mess with
Ally
we got here last night and we are so
excited we're gonna go with vintage
shopping today I got all excited last
night and I bore my contention a
countess's vintage and I don't know I'm
just so excited guys like a little like
retreat like it's gorgeous in here oh my
god I just got this one good at now some
yeah yeah she is all ready for Christmas
look at this guy's such cute decoration
so last year for Christmas I got em
these pillows and this year I got her
this Julie Andrews Christmas record and
she's putting on a record player
it sounds so cute oh my god thank you so
excited for Christmas games I'm so happy
I also got her this deer up here because
I know she's obsessed with vintage deer
I'm like Chris vintage Christmas deer
and I also got her this telephone salt
and pepper shaker but little did I know
she's been asking her mom like for this
and sending her like the link and
looking for this and I can't believe I
got it for her I guess I nailed the
Christmas present
so pretty
Oh about to go antique shopping guys
look it's so white here look I Love New
York food I mean it's snowy where I'm
from - it's real snowy here and cold
everything is so Christmas does this
season have to end oh my god it's Colin
stop okay I have to Sun call in a
snapchat
I love having vintage guys having
vintage friends is fun oh my god these
cups they have a parasol like a bunch of
them then there's like having you oh my
god that'd be so cute no seriously how
much there's so many things I'll get a
friendship Cup look at I literally have
so many of these like vintage cups in my
house yeah every that style - I don't
think oh my god that's so cute oh boy
you're cute that's so cute look at this
hat like a cute little feather it's like
a feather thing why do i fictionnal
would wear this oh my gosh girls Ali
Shah number five my minions mannequin
with like this feather dress on and
these feather things dangling it was
just such a pretty place oh my god this
is a blowout bar it's so pretty
guys this is literally a Christmas town
I feel like I'm in a hallmark movie like
when I'm here I'm gonna get all the news
first Santa oh my god
I'm reading a note for singing that
every Christmas since I was little -
Santa for a print what did you always
asking about ask for a pony
would you guys leave wish
oh my god ya have for the same person
for the cows well at my birthday I'd be
like please let me guess maybe I feel a
little like nine years old feeling
comforted a child in the world I used to
make a leakage you know hey guys so
basically after we went shopping we came
back or we got please then we came back
here we we were really tired but I got a
onesie took like an hour power nap at em
and Alyssa and Bri went and got
macaroons and what was it Moscato
it's like Moscato and Bailey's because
we want to go hot tubbing later and we
want to have something cute to sip on
and this is my outfit for tonight I'm
wearing a light pink top and before you
guys go and say that you can see my bra
under the shirt it's supposed to be this
way ooh sexy Ali
it's a light pink shirt and then
Tiffany's necklace and I have these
pants and I have like these tuxedo heel
things it's beginning to look a lot like
Christmas hey bitch oh well that's a
problem so we're out to eat and this is
so pretty so we're waiting for our food
and there's like a floating Christmas
tree it's like a circular like boyer
thing and then you can see down to the
downstairs bar and there's like a
Christmas party towards the right that I
can't see that Ally can see so why don't
you
what is going on
as people are slapping each other the
sky researcher and asking people to slap
him
okay all
slam
don't ask drunk people to slap you yes
we're coming down here because do you
want to slap I'm in fur I has to be
dramatic so I'm texting Colin and I told
him that I slapped a guy in public and
he thinks I'm joking and I said in this
video that Ali got this is the footage
Ali got fun I told him that this guy
touched me inappropriately and that I
hit a guy at the bar and I said in this
video and he's like oh my god he tells
me he's driving up now he goes where are
you and who is he Raja are you still
there I was like airily he goes no stay
I'm driving up oh my god I better tell
him I'm joking before he gets on the
highway wait I feel so bad
he said I'm coming up Nick preaching
because I shared my Lukey I accidentally
shared my location as I said I'm coming
up there where are you
there's a bunch of like actors are like
in this bar slash restaurant and they
are going around like asking for us to
slap this guy because in his role and
like a show he's in this week he
supposed to be a scumbag and to get to
character he like he's going up to girls
and ask them to slap them I know what
else is doing it but I was leave you
know I've got this Anastasia see we're
about to hot tub at em I over here in
town look how cute this 2009 looks so
21-0 pink bathing suits
I like these like really waving nips so
this is the bathing suit that I'm
wearing and it's like Victoria Secret
Pink it's M it is so freakin cute dude I
love this bathing suit and do you wear
this bathing suit a lot I haven't worn
everybody like in a while buddy I'm
gonna look at summer I'm like I want to
wear yeah I'm gonna look on ebay to see
if they still have these it's from 2009
god I'm gonna get it I already bought
something from okay M has an Etsy shop
if you guys don't know this I mean look
at her apartment and I bought the most
beautiful vintage nightgown from her
Etsy shop this is the nightgown I bought
from MC Etsy shop and it looks like
Wendy and I'm gonna post pictures on
Instagram in it but this is what it
looks like pink Moscato
mama yes tastes so freakin good look at
Ali's already for the hot so is it like
juice it's like very smooth it's not
like bubbly like I've got it
oops I'm too chicken to take off my fur
coat
and go outside I already feel the cold
because people are going in and out so
cold so cold we're about to go in oMG
I'm so cold
why not no I'm going near this okay
okay it is what's up guys
everywhere it goes down
so now that the light blue
every boy
we get it
and all the
I know it breaks your heart
and move to the city in a brokedown car
hey guys so it's the morning and alia
dies ride just pulled up and really sad
I don't like leaving ends house it's so
nice and cozy it's like a little cottage
honestly this is me saying so long see
you in the next block and we're going to
be back next time but not a year from
now like last year we're going to be
back way sooner when it's warm out yeah
love you
