today we are in New York City doing
press for the single no you'll be able
to spot so now we are heading to
Seventeen magazine where Nikki and I are
going to be singing for singing our for
good cover that we put on our neuk√∂lln
Gabi Channel and I forgot to tell you
guys in the beginning of this vlog that
if you stay tuned to the very end of the
song I'm going to put in the little
snippet of Nikki and eyes exclusive
preview to our music video and single
coming out generally a beast and her
makeup beat
I'm very late
good let's make this a single I was like
oh my god I've always wanted to meet
this is simple and they can do that
magic how many other girls into like
help breakups aren't easy and like
everybody thinner or everybody's done up
there as long as very to be sassy don't
be back don't be sad it's like a
conference like a window this is
dreaming me to Boulder I love wood who
can say if I've been changed for the
better
I do believe I haven't changed over the
and because I know you because I knew
you because I knew you I have been Jay
that's cute
or do we just leave me to plant and
you're saying a capella
look at the glam look at the clown shoes
the contracts we are here for our
interview of the day I'm super hungry
but get lunch or this and then we'll do
more mindful and just reminder stay
tuned to the end yeah because then you
get yeah it's a glutton look and our
single coming out oh yeah so this is she
right here is supposed to be a mascara
one how freaking cute is that
I want a mascara on tree oh that is so
good oh I want a mascara and tree
it would be sassy not sad song so last
summer this past summer I work with a
friend I collaborated and rendered the
whole entire song to fit like a 21 year
old or young adult mold so that it's
pretty much a situation any girl is
going to go through by the time they're
our age and after I rendered it if you
went through this terrible breakup the
past month or two and I asked sister
seeing her going through now I didn't
know what to do and it's a really bad
situation because like you want to be
there heal and I listen since awesome
nursing our little video today every day
and I get their period as long as you
have
