getting ready everyone's coming here on
like 9:30 10:00
so he's clingy like stage 5 yeah this
stuff is bubbly like I'm feeling it this
is good right
Wow you spilled everything a few blogs
ago I mentioned you can get my curling
wand I always use for 75% off because
that was their Black Friday sale but
guess what they kept the Black Friday
sale so if you use my coupon code you
can still get it for that price the
website and the wand will be linked down
below that's so good
tonight I'm going for those Victoria's
Secret Angel waves and if you guys were
wondering which curling wand I'm using
I'm using the pro series thirty two
millimeter curling wand and not the
smaller one I use the smaller 25
millimeter one for more of an everyday
look but tonight I'm going for a flowy
or kind of look
I can't with you hahaha yeah I know
their Instagram you can get on boys Oh
I'm fella dead honestly this is like our
third one tonight Oh talk or okay
so Gabi orders these ugg boots oh yeah
we're like lazy so it's like going back
out to the car I'm sure you guys can
relate but we didn't like going back out
to the card it gets like daughter back
so we're just like boxes not even tired
we're just like bye we're just gonna try
to do this all in one trip so I carry
like four boxes Gabi's carrying like
three I like and I was kicking them in a
stack Tower literally and I had my fur
coat hanging off so whatever this the
boxes were a struggle and then we get to
Gabi's apartment and we decide to open
up the boxes the first box we open is
the unbox so I'm like oh my god I'm
excited I'm like I wonder what color she
got cause she has so many uggs but I was
like what car did she get we opened the
box and it's like infant ugh let me let
me go get him let me go get away
she'll be back Carolee she's not a size
16 look at that that's a different the
camera she no look at the box that'll
tell you a nice size house like that
everywhere we're all ready to go
this is what I decided to wear it's like
these weird shoes that no one
understands our shoes I'm just wearing
like you're the black oh my God look at
you Rachel I'm living through your
outfit
guys this is Katy Perry Frank Hills to
lunar dust dirt are you guys ready to go
out sober
I'm good chuckles where are my hair me
yeah I have another jacket somewhere
that's what color should make it this
one me this is like what I'm wearing
it's like matte all black so you guys
got back from going oh yeah overflowed
go to the ground and the water would be
up to here if we didn't scoop physically
with our with our bowl no magic in the
water into the sink and the shower daddy
you just ponder dude what this is the
worst plan ever
Gaby literally goes allowed me and bang
down wait wait a stopper break and takes
off her grease keep it down and scoop it
all so damn fun note with shoulder
 shoulder jeez to the toilet to
 get making it worse whatever is
clogging the drain on the video and the
video you honey bunny praise you another
plunger make the waters all happy yeah I
turn it off how we need it turn it back
on
yeah B record this okay this is the bowl
this is the bowl used to manually take
the water fill to the top to the sing
oh my gosh the things I do to save my
apartment
