hey no hey now
such a beautiful
hey guys christmas is now in season yeah
look at all those packages that I have
to go through I ordered so many things
my apartment is a mess right now
and I'm really really really stressed
out but Ally is having like a friend
Thanksgiving later oh yeah I have
thought I'd show you guys my balcony but
facing like really well-known like
landmarks in the area but I have my door
open because I'm just so hot from going
through packages and stuff
Ally's having like a friend's
Thanksgiving thing later and I'm going
to get my nails done while I wait
because I was getting her nails done
today and we're on like the same nail
schedule and I kind of go with her so I
need to be back on the same meal
schedule as my nail buddy so that we can
get our nails done together again next
time oh yeah so I just wanted to let you
guys know this is like a fun little
story I never told you guys this but I
felt like hey why not I'm just gonna
share the story with you because I'm
about to get my nails done and my face
is beat okay so once upon a time when I
lived on my parents house I used to go
to this nail salon right by my parents
house and I always used to go without
makeup on and sometimes occasionally
they'd catch me when I would have makeup
on so the moment I would walk in there
without makeup on I always knew they
were like talking about me but I just
thought it was all in my head
and then one time my cousin gave me like
a genius idea to put like my Siri on and
then hold the button down when someone's
saying something and then see are able
do like a Google search would be like
say what it means so I held down the
Siri button one time when I was getting
a pedicure at the nail salon where I'm
doing that makeup on five appearance
and the word ugly pops up like the
sentence didn't make sense but the word
ugly popped up so I feel like a lot of
my insecurities root from that situation
because that happened to me in high
school and I used to be like more
natural looking like all but back in
high school I didn't wear as much makeup
and whatever and I know makeups like a
trend right now like contouring and
baking and I just found like a love for
makeup but like at the same time I don't
think I would wear as much as I do if
that situation didn't happen so I did my
makeup before going to the nail salon
this is a different nail salon but ever
since that situation I'm just like a
little scarred you know so yeah right
now I have pink nails but I think I'm
gonna get rose gold or something so yeah
I will see you guys what happened to you
so I got back from the nail salon I got
rose gold like I said I would and I'm
currently in my outfit for Ali's like
friend's Thanksgiving party even though
Thanksgiving already happened
she wanted to have like housewarming
kind of like dinner and everyone because
it is your first year living in her
apartment as well as it is my first year
living my apartment I just had that
Halloween party though so I wasn't
feeling like having like another huge
thing in a party where people could make
a mess in so she decided to have it and
peace guard will be there so will this
monkey over here yeah monkey gonna look
so Colin and I are filming his second
video for his channel right now we're
gonna quickly film it before we go to
Ali's it's really funny like oh my god
subscribe to him if you haven't yet he's
like one funny little monkey he kept I
need a new monkey your koala I'm a koala
koala it's really pacing because I've
been eating a zoo
oh no that's a Kylie lip kit okay Kylie
lip kit they call it they smell like
cupcakes good hey guys
live from Ali's bedroom look at her bed
guys
it lights up and it has like little gems
like in there and she has these fuzzy
pillows some jammers your bed it's like
super duper scream queens and then if
you guys remember this blanket but I
gave her this bedding cuz like I didn't
want it anymore but it's so Allie so -
he liked it comment okay we're all like
taking Instagram pictures Ali's taking a
picture of her nails I've tried how cute
they are
oh my gosh adorable they look so good on
here Wow
and now she take a picture for watch
yeah it's like I was gonna keep really
licking my bro's bold nails everyone's
been asking where I got this pearl ring
from and I actually got it from
Swarovski that's the king of pressure
man
look at all this flash going on B Squad
just had a photo shoot on Ali's claimers
mmm-hmm
try think of what I'm doing tomorrow if
anything's like blog tastic but I don't
think so I'm gonna do like an overview
of her bed look at this yeah everyone's
outside we're like being a little
antisocial right now so we're gonna go
out and see everyone
like hey guys so it's the morning and I
got like really bad news today when I
went to my follow up at the doctor for
those of you who haven't been keeping up
with it I did my kind of sick for like
the last month and I've been going in
and out of polls and different symptoms
and stuff and anyways I got my blood
work because my doctor didn't know what
was wrong with me and I just found out I
have mono for a third time now for those
of you who want to say you can only get
mono once that's not the case my doctor
explains to me how it's possible and my
stupid mono keeps becoming active and
inactive and it's like chronic Epstein
bar virus and hi Kolby this is my
hamster guys this is my little hammy did
I never put hit Kolby in a vlog yet
because I'm scared people are gonna be
like oh that's gross but this is my
little baby
this is Coby she loves people guys she
knows people it her name's Colby because
Colin and Gabi together
she's Colby so she's like our little
nugget
oh yeah I feel like Cinderella when I
hold her she's like my little mouse she
got she's actually going to be in my
next video I'm putting on this vlog
Channel I mean I think I'm filming it
next sometimes I make like YouTube
videos that are vlogs for this channel
and the next one is Christmas related
and I'm going to be needing a mouse in
it so those of you guys who know me know
like one of obsesses when it comes to
like Christmas time so I'm pretty sure
you can put two and two together as to
why we need a mouse in a Christmas video
anyways the blood work also showed that
I have a thyroid problem and I now have
to get an ultrasound on my spleen
because it's really enlarged and my neck
and I don't know if you guys have
noticed but my neck has gotten like that
I guess you can say that it's a lot
fatter than it used to be it used to
have like a dip but now it just goes
like straight down and it's just not I
don't know
I never thought I never like thought of
that and then someone reached out to me
over Facebook message and said I watch
your videos da-da-da-da-da my mom's a
nurse and we think you have thyroid
problems I'm like okay got it checked
out would you think of that I have a
thyroid problem so that's actually
really really really disappointing
because I'm only 21 years old and I
don't want this to be like a lifelong
thing but I think I'm getting it under
control and I may be making a video on
something that I'm going to be recalling
which is what I think caused my thyroid
problem it's a little out there and it
has to do with OBGYN concepts which is
why I don't know if I should make a
video about this certain thing I think
caused this but I really just want to
get it out there so that you guys like
just to prevent you guys from making the
mistakes I had I wouldn't be exactly
like the best role model if I didn't
like
I don't know just like help you guys out
the way that I wish I could have helped
myself out I think I'm going to get
under control though cos I've only had a
thyroid issue for like a few months
since I started this thing that caused
this so I'm getting this thing taken
care of this week I'm not gonna have
this thing anymore but hopefully the
thyroid was back to normal
after I take care of it I move on eating
after ordering my Chanel snow globe this
popped up in the corner it was like oh
this pink snow globe whatever and I was
like oh this is so me as far as well
order this so I ordered it the last one
Colin and I opened and listen to the
song it plays I started crying I was
like well this is me
and slap me on rows that it's playing
this is like me and a snow globe it was
creepy but like beautiful
on a much sassier note colin goes Gabi
who's this any open this card it says
good for you Gabi I got myself a present
any open LZ good for you get this be
yourself I'll open it after I take a
picture photos there's writing I think
that's what we were all these bots hang
on thank you so this is what my necklace
looks like it's rose gold and it's from
Tiffany and I ended up buying it for
myself just because I don't know you
know the card and I'm decorating my
closet for Christmas as you guys saw on
my Instagram I have this feather tree
and I have the snow globe but I'm
turning my closet into the land of
sweets from the Nutcracker and my
entrance has these cute little things
that I found at Michaels so I'm going to
be like hanging things from the ceiling
and stuff so yeah oh hi honey hi
look at her little tushy Kolby say bye
to the fancy babies say bye bye and she
loves daddy too much say bye bye
