hey guys so it's night time and I'm
about to take off all my makeup but I
just wanted to let you guys know so in
the morning I'm going to my parents
house because I had a package of vintage
items shipped there and then Colin and I
are going to go to New Hope PA and if
you don't know what that is it's like
the most adorable vintage town by my
area relatively close it's just super
fun and romantic and there's cafes
everywhere and everyone knows each other
so it's a really fun happy little town
and I'll try to vlog when I can't but it
is a date and I don't want to ruin that
and I don't know if you guys noticed but
I got rid of the other vintage couch and
I replaced it with this adorable bench I
know it's all on the ground right now
but I just had a package come in from
dissol and it's all pretty much like
scream queens inspired stuff like this
was what Chanel number five wore and
like the first season it's like that cat
hat I also got the dress suit that
Chanel wears in pink not blue and I got
this shirt and it's really French and
adorable and I think I want to wear this
jacket today but it's very light and I'm
just going to try all these on but I'm
just giving you guys an overview and
then I got this feather jacket that's
very cute and everything on desire is
like vintage or vintage couture or
couture and it's really good prices for
what it is and I got this necklace such
scream queens vibes and I will make sure
to link everything down below that I'm
going to try on and show you guys so
yeah they do have really good Black
Friday sales so make sure you check them
out on Black Friday so this is what this
suit skirt looks like and this is the
jacket I probably wear the jacket like
this oh oh it's so cute oh my gosh let's
do it
so Chanel Gossip Girl - so I'm just
using this outfit I have as an example
to show you how this jacket works but
pretty much you button this up and it
looks like this and then you tie a bow
right here so I'm just going to eyeball
right here to show you because I would
probably leave this open a lot it's such
a pretty robe
really pretty pearl detailing
so we're in an elite store which is so
cool guys I'm on the second floor
there's everything and look at this
thickened jacket gorgeous and look at
this handsome just looking for vintage
guy clothing I love that he loves
vintage and I love it you're the cutest
thing
this is Mary
that's made with the Bucks County
fieldstone yeah every year every year
Oh
door crash car
I'll go by there the guys breathing
so beautiful oh my gosh look at this
table this is your enna store my god oh
my God look at this hey guys so I just
got back from a new hope and I may or
may not have come home to a Kylie Jenner
lip kit in my mail but yeah I ended up
finding very beautiful vintage outfits I
dropped off all my new dresses at my
parents house as you guys know if you
watch my videos a lot I have a vintage
room in my parents house so they're in
there and when I'm back at my parents
house and vlogging that day I will show
you my dresses that I bought I know you
guys are probably like gonna say
something else about me playing with my
hair I just have the worst habit ever
and that's what makes me comfortable I
mean it's a nervous habit
but and it was a lip kit so now I'm
gonna go put it on and show you guys I
just put pumpkin on my lips it's such
like a pretty dark orange shade I'm
definitely gonna wear this on
Thanksgiving so this is my collection so
far these are all my lip kits I have the
Coco collection the her birthday
collection with the golden fuse the
Holiday Collection is on its way the
holiday box actually and I got her
birthday bag and I did two pallets so
I'm going hard I have the black eyeliner
and the bronze and then I have that her
two cream shadows from her birthday and
we get the other cream shadows from the
Christmas collection and the white
eyeliner I'm just really excited I'm
just obsessed with Kylie's cosmetics so
as I'm about to get ready for bed this
one walks over with all my stuff and I'm
like college boys what are you doing and
he's making YouTube video so by the time
this vlog was up his channel will
probably be up and running and I'll link
it down below
are you wondering what I'm doing with
these like it's your wanna make sure to
subscribe to this crazy
and finally stir
