hello okay now
beautiful hey guys so I'm on the way to
the commercial mall with Kenny thank you
guys follow them on social media you
know he just started a YouTube channel
so make sure you check his channel out
down below he's a blast and and this is
my friend Jesse she plays Lana and our
celebrity series and he played Tyga in
our laps every day so we are currently
on the way to our all-time favorite mall
which is the king of Heshbon
and we are in a black car this time last
time we went to the mall Kenny and I was
at Berber United we took a limo and it's
literally called I took a limo to the
mall but yeah I'm vlogging on my phone
because my vlog camera could have been
my purse but once we get to the mall
Walker you guys sorry it's potato Poli
we are currently in Ted Baker and this
top is my aesthetic your I'll show you
guys let me turn this top is so I want
it and look at these purses with me
suppose just thank you
I think I'm going to get a cosmetic pass
so we are currently active me and look
at this Christmas display
oh my gosh that's my future living room
right
like that chandelier and that tree and
that tree and that ring can we just talk
about that ring and there's another
little tree over there it's just like
the cutest little living Earth guys so
we went to the other side of the city
why is it
it's a good New York City skyline
they know what they're doing with you
so I just got home and I'm at my parents
house because it says show you guys I
redid my room for Christmas and I'm
working on pink wonderland I even got a
new vanity chair and it looks like this
and yeah I just touched up my makeup so
everything's kind of everywhere but yeah
and my christmas tree and eiffel tower
are over here it's Christmas in Paris in
here looks like this good morning guys
I'm just chillin by my tree and I'm
watching Hallmark Channel anyways I'm
drinking out of my Henri Bendel mug and
I just got this yesterday and I just
want to show you and I got a lot of
things a tree Mendel's so I decided to
put the boxes under the tree I'm
obsessed with them so I just got started
doing my makeup and I realized you guys
have been requesting an everyday makeup
tutorial which I'm really sorry about I
completely forgot what I was getting
ready but at least I remembered that you
guys have been requesting how I do my
everyday hair I'm just gonna let you
guys know I've been using the pro series
duval thirty two millimeter curling wand
and if you guys watch my fall haul this
year in the middle of the girls Laden
tour that's what you guys I was using
the 25 millimeter but because it is
winter I just want more of like a big
curl kind of look I'm using the slightly
bigger one so fall I liked the tighter
curls and now that it's winter I
definitely am feeling the bigger curls
if you're a beginner and you're scared
are going to burn in your hand they come
with two gloves in case you lose one
which is awesome but I'm just going to
use my hand because I just feel like I
got a better grip of my hair to make the
curls
you
Oh
so now I'm using the impulse bar in
prayer hair straightener from Duval and
I'm just gonna touch up because I have
kinks like in the front of my hair like
regardless if I straighten it and stuff
like I have like these really odd wavy
pieces that like I wake up with so I too
like straighten my kinks like the front
of my hair goes up like this and then
down and if I want it to be straight
down I have to straighten it like all
these little kinks I have around like
the frame on my face but I always need
to touch up
I just braid my hair then with the
sparkling soda from the dry bar and it
smells really good so my hair smells
really good too but it helps my blonde
hair come out a little more shiny and
yet this is like how I wear my winter
hair yeah this is my winter hair on
Black Friday they're selling these for
75% off so if you want my kind of
everyday curls then make sure to get
those them because that's a big deal
that's like more than half off and my
the promo code for that is GD black so
yeah that's my heart so I'm currently my
car with
and phrases with Colin and show showed
me what you found in the minute we got
one of these cards in the mail that's
money Carlo and I see this stuff and I'm
like oh it's such a scam so like I throw
it away
and he was looking through like the
stuff I was good I was not going through
and he found this and he opened all them
and it just happened to be matching
seven seven seven and seven seven seven
he goes babe did I win something here at
BC this and it says if you get all
sevens it's $5,000 off cash we were like
oh that's lucky but then I texted my
friends and Jesse who is in the
beginning of this blog went to the mall
he said oh those things are scams car
dealerships you saw times I called them
and they said like oh just come to the
dealership give your confirmation good
and we'll give you your prize we figured
if we're gonna get scammed we're gonna
get scammed in a blog on camera so I
mean yeah they said to drive over to the
dealership so I was I was just going to
let it go whatever cuz I think it's a
scam but I think it would make this vlog
and
singing just in case it was real okay so
we just got out of the dealership this
is like a quick little story time before
you we show what we won I'm gonna like
quickly tell a little story so we walk
into the dealership this balloons
everywhere I guess it's some kind of
like opening for like a dealership the
guy takes our paper and goes oh so yeah
your numbers are seven seven seven yeah
it matches with the 5,000 top whatever
but if you unfold this Andy unfolded it
like 800 times and goes in this little
print it says if your confirmation code
matches with any on the board in the
room that you win the like five thousand
dollars or twenty five thousand dollars
or whatever place and I was like but
right here it says if it's this seven
seven seven seven seven seven you win
$5,000 so I showed you guys it clearly
said like if it's matches all sevens you
get $5,000 and our confirmation code
obviously as you know did not match the
ones on the board in there the whole
symbols like it didn't freakin matter
they made a set at a table and while we
were sitting at that table I'm gonna lie
this is pretty cool we were sitting at
that table we saw other people come in
with like matching things and I bet I
bet nobody's gonna win this was just a
maneuver to get people in here did it
anyone who wasn't numbers on the board
gets a gets a say okay a selfie said at
least we got something out of it but
it's it
we pulled in as soon as we pulled in
they attacked our car like they're
waving they're coming up to our car
we're like what the heck like I mean I
don't know if you guys can see this but
like there's like balloons everywhere
and it's like a grand opening and pretty
much remember we oh wait the sky is
coming up to our car this is nice class
is you right here yeah this is my car
I'll tell you I have a bag of these but
I'm telling you this is nice
thank you so much yeah thanks so much I
love my car okay I think I saw like I
was just telling you how they attack
your car Colin is like oh I got this
card and it says I'm winning $5,000
today they're like come with us and they
took us inside to a table where they're
like balloons and stuff and you could
tell like people have been coming in
saying the same thing because they were
like filling things out there making him
sign things they're asking Colin how
many how much money he makes per hour
where he works what's his credit they
had him sign a thing I was just like
Colin stop like you're getting into a
scam then as he's like asking us all of
these like 40 questions that he didn't
even need to know we see like a couple
coming all happy with like a card that
says that they want something and in my
head I'm like this is terrible like some
people might debt like I didn't
desperately need that money but like
some people desperately need that money
and what if they were like hoping on
that money to like get it car get like
pay their rent or get food for their
family and all sudden they come in
they're like oh sorry you didn't see
that really really really small font
that you unfold unfold unfold unfold and
it says it's the confirmation code just
to match with the numbers in the store
so you have to waste gas to come to the
store to see if your confirmation code
matches anyways it was false
advertisement complete they
wouldn't let us go I was like we have to
go let us show you some cars they're
talking to Colin I was like trust me we
don't need a car she's like the guy sat
down she's like long story short
we really don't need to hear in this
we're not gonna buy a car today we came
here to see if we won which obviously we
already know we didn't so let's cut to
the chase and just let's go surprised
he's made a stop which I am happy with
he's happy with a selfie stick as long
as he's happy I was I felt bad for
calling cuz I was like what if he got
his hopes up F this grand opening I
don't even want to say the name cuz it's
slander to their business and I could
get sued but like like this is awful
anyways we're gonna go to Panera and
then we're gonna go ice skating so yeah
that was my story time and then the guy
had the guts to come to my car knock on
window you but put someone who's like oh
you got a nice car do you know what yeah
I didn't need tours of your cars they
would not let us go they were holding us
hostage and that's right then and there
I knew it was scam they're having us
fill things out okay talk to you so my
blog camera died and now I'm using my
phone again and we're ice skating
I told you guys on Instagram that I used
guys
Oh
