so it is Lily's birthday and we are
celebrating in the closet which is where
I set up all her presents
so she is a huge fan of my closet guys
like she is obsessed with this room so I
decided to set up all her presents in
here at my parents house she has her own
bedroom you guys know that and I'll be
glad to upload a room tour on this
channel of her room when I'm home you
guys know this but I'm always at my
parents house um but yeah lily is so
cooperative
I literally just told her to go stand on
there and she's standing on the Henry
Bendel box you are just such a model
aren't you so Lily posted on her
Instagram that she would do it what I
got for my birthday video and I decided
to just do something real quick because
I just thought this was a cute little
setup say hello to your friends say I'm
11 but in York years they live to be
like 16 to 18 so I know a lot of you
guys have been commenting her Instagram
like oh she's so old and yeah she may be
pretty old but she has like the body of
a six year old puppy it's so cute
the vets say she's in really nice shape
so no need for her fans to be sad she's
in perfect shape so I'm gonna show you
guys what I got for Lily for her
birthday trying to help us show everyone
know okay so I got her these adorable
vintage looking sweaters oh she wants to
play I also got her this puppy hat and I
decided to get this puppy hat because
she gets very cold in the winter and
it's not one of those things where I'd
be like torturing my dog I got like
Henri Bendel treats and she loves the
collar she's actually wearing one right
now peekaboo
then I got her a bunny toy she likes
when the toys make this sound she loves
playing with this kind of toy so I got
this for her then I got her a pink
sweater
and it has like a cute where is this it
has a cute gem zipper and I got her all
of these little bows because we like
putting bows in her hair and I got her a
collar even though she loves this one
she actually bites off a lot of her
collars that she'll eat a lot of collars
so I'm kind of nervous about this one
this is the only collar she hasn't
bitten through and I'm assuming maybe
because she knows it's Henry Bendel um I
also got her this really cute sweater
print sweater I love this like Christmas
winter print that a lot of sweaters have
and I'm so happy they made it in dog
form I also got her a bunch of yummy
treats and she loves these treats I'm
surprised she's not like attacking them
right now on the camera but oh there we
go
and I also got her pepperoni I know this
is really unhealthy for your dog but she
loves puppy Caesar and pepperoni and I
only give them turn on occasions like
Christmas Thanksgiving her birthday so
she was really thrilled about that in
this box I have some Christmas goodies I
got her a hat that says I ate Santa's
cookies because she loves cookies I also
got her a cute little like tumblr baddie
coat it reminds me of like a tumblr
baddie like with the sweatshirt under
the best kind of look I was thinking
about doing her hair in like two little
buns when she wears this jacket it's so
cute and then I also got her this cute
little onesie she loves wearing
Christmas onesies so I'm gonna put her
in this today actually because she loves
comfy clothes say bye bye fans I hope
you like my what I got for my birthday
see bye bye friends if you guys want to
follow her Instagram it'll be right here
and I'll link it down below and yeah say
that's it that's what I got for my
birthday
