hey he's got none Gabi
Ali and today we are reviewing another
product last time we did this with uh
was with the ariana grande sweet like
candy fragrance sweet like an MC okay
mm-hmm and now we are doing the Too
Faced Christmas that's for the makeup
palettes yes is it okay with you yeah
and we're each going to talk about each
one okay so I have the one that's like a
macaron shop the outside is really like
cute and pastel and you take off the lid
and it opens up its in school macaroon
like outdoor shop and it has a mascara
tree made of macaron
yeah a cute book and this palette is
called Mary macaroons and it's vanilla
scent it all right it smells so good
I like how do you come around purples
yeah I love the purple so Ali I really
like banana cream it's honey lavender
honey lavender oh my god okay so the
names in here are coconut champagne rose
Oh as a pretty name praline is a dulce
de leche yeah don't st. allege a
chocolate honey lavender banana cream
tiramisu violet Casas cassis almond
mocha chocolate raspberry and cookies
and cream that's an interesting color
those are so creamy are just so creative
the next one in the set is the Grand
Hotel cafe this is my favorite one it
has three miniature pallets in this and
my favorite is the packaging the Bossip
is came in i'm actually using it as
decorations i mean i am using all these
as decor for my Christmas decorations
but there's one the packaging that this
comes in I'm using for my bedroom decor
and inside it opens up and it looks like
a cafe as like a cafe floor has
gingerbread weight let's see the names
of these or see look it's like a shop
that's really cute
the two trees and these are the three
pallets it's the gingerbread cookie
palette the peppermint mocha palette and
the two-faced eggnog bought a palette oh
my gosh these are so cute and I'm
assuming they all snow like what they
say this is peppermint oh my gosh
oh it gives you a really pretty bright
blush those are really pretty much
peppermint cream Christmas blend
peppermint mocha candy canes sprinkles
and coffee chip in Santa Baby
oh my god you're such cute name yeah
stop let's read that eggnog martini
that's like eggnog oh this is such a
cute like peachy salmon colored blush I
love those colors and this is frosty
eggnog there's eggnog latte
iced coffee skinny latte cold brew is
gorge oh my god Lee Anne Central Park is
like this dark mossy green that's glarry
and peach cobbler oh my gosh these are
adorable now then the next one is
gingerbread cookie sounds like this and
it is ginger cream maple syrup
gingersnap winter dream cup of joe black
coffee and gingerbread dry no I tried
all my room oh man they smell so good
gingerbread literally and there's a
bronzer I put those colors are so fun
hmm oh my god I wish they stoled all
these like separately yeah like don't
want to pay for the full thing because
these are all these all offer so much
but then again like I think it's a good
deal yeah I don't think it's not
expensive yes good a really good price
for a full on Powell yes and a face is
so good your mannequin
/ all right so we have this one it is
the doesn't stay here but it's a
chocolate shop
all right it becomes like this in this
cute little pot I love it like that way
a lipstick the mascara and eye shadow
primer there's like a New York City
skyline with snow things all over the
light pink packaging and I'm gonna take
the pie ever want to take them out of
the pen I know this is a pallet well
this is how it looks like yeah so many I
shall i went to cocoa powder and fused
it's like so much so it smells like
another chocolate yeah there are so many
colors in that one yeah like I'm gonna
mention the names but smell it all right
so the names on this palette there's a
lot but it's we're gonna start from the
top it's desserts on me that's the first
one then it's raspberry rose sugar sugar
every I'm sorry sugar racing guys this
challenge cuz you know my accent it's
glaze cake batter butter they've got it
color I like butterscotch - it's like an
orange and banana date sugar bells mint
chip le sugar bells mm-hmm indoors yes
and a guilt-free ginger doodle good job
toffee crunch
honey deep honey did ya jingo Barry
cookie dog wait doesn't one of those
Saturday yeah I think some Tootsie
Tootsie choco choco holic oh i like
jagger holux free yeah though for your
bag chocoholic lava cake pound cake
pound cakes really creamy
yeah my god it's like a pink you're so
pretty
huckleberry inner light chocolate solo a
soul ale
chuckle a cover strawberry those are the
three I just mentioned those are like
broth a once a bronzer highlighter and
blush that's why they have bronzer
highlight and one but again so there's
gonna be like a perfect that it's like
everything in one imagin features makes
it like a little faux I'm like one of
these yeah any gonna be so happy to get
that well that was it these are the
palettes if you guys like these review
videos make sure to comment down below
what you want to see us review next I
know it's been a long time since we've
done one but really like doing these and
testing out products together so yeah
make sure you let us know and that's it
for this video stay tuned for more
curses videos and movies class 5
