hello okay now
beautiful
so today is November 1st which means I
just posted my ever after video if you
guys haven't checked it out make sure
you do so and it also means that I'm
decorating for Christmas now you guys
probably saw on snapchat that I
decorated my pink Wonderland at home and
yes to answer your guys questions I will
be filming just as many Christmas videos
at my parents house as much as I do here
you guys don't know this but I live very
close to my parents house and I'm there
almost all the time still but right now
it is really late and kaan and I are
about to decorate my apartment for
Christmas and we're in our Christmas
jammies I'm wearing the Victoria Secret
shirt that they gave me last year at the
Fashion Show and I'm just wearing these
fun Christmas red plaid pajama bottoms
that I got at Abercrombie
so good it's hard to vlog and put it on
official yeah yeah the theme of this
trees like the Nutcracker and winter I'm
so excited
that's like the same theme as my tree at
home to the Nutcracker but the one in my
bedroom here is going to be all white
with pink decorations yeah we're going
to put the keys next to each other just
do like in the front yeah right here
if you guys don't always colonize things
keys used to wear the key matching key
necklaces lashes which one should I wear
tonight
pink polar bears door MIDI Fox awesome
okay we're doing a white tree in my
bedroom oh so cute
we're gonna do pink decorations this is
so pottery barn over here oh my gosh is
pottery barn so we're about to plug in
the pine tree smell so that it smells
like a real tree is right here oh yeah
that's the skirt guys I turned this side
table that was over there into a coffee
table and we moved this all the way to
the side so we could fit the tree there
but the smells so good guys I got this
at Bath & Body Works it is the season
and it smells just like Christmas and
then I got this mug at Target that says
baby it's cold outside
oh yeah I found this vintage a Christmas
card and I gave it to Colin and it says
Merry Christmas to you dear husband and
then it says oh my god that music is so
anyways on the inside it says don't be
shocked at me dear husband but it's time
to have a fling at expressing all the
pleasure I hope Christmas day will bring
and when Christmas flings are over I
will settle down anew just to make the
New Year happy my own has been dear for
you is that's so cute
it just goes yeah I'm gonna have to
vacuum the ground but this is the tree
in my bedroom it's pink and ballet
themed also the Nutcracker and we got
some Clara's and dancing snowflakes and
we got the land of sweets kine and we
got a boy laying in a very girly bed I
also got someone to these cosmetics
packaging right here because it's so
pretty it's Christmas in New York we're
gonna hang this on the wall but look
what this picture does isn't that so
pretty I kind of want that like right
there above my bed oh my gosh I'm so
excited I actually forgot that I bought
the hot cocoa hot cocoa and clean candle
for about the body works and it goes at
this hole hot chocolate section right
here and you get bar stools
and I kind of want to get jars of like
ingredients for hot chocolate like hot
chocolate powder crushed up peppermint
marshmallows all right here and some
mugs and yeah just be like a little hot
chocolate bar I also added some 1 Too
Faced palettes right here I'm going to
do a review for you guys but I turn this
little section into a cute little pastel
Christmas and I have Clara and the
Nutcracker right there and I have a
little house right here well it's so
cute and some more pastel Christmas
right there it's like a little tea party
area I always feel like we have some
leftover Christmas decoration I'm adding
this sent to this girly bathroom
no this is the girlie bathroom and I
added this cute little gold and white
pom-pom for right here you guys know
this as my wash bathroom I'm gonna put
these in a basket or something right
over here by these decorations in my
personal bathroom that's right off of my
bedroom I put this cute little sweater
weather candle and I kind of got like a
lavender theme going on in here so yeah
alright guys so I'm about to go to bed
I'm exhausted
but here is what it looks like in here
this is by far my favorite room and then
we have it over here
I still have bags of stuff but I'm going
to clean it up and then we have this
tree the girly-girl one and yeah and I'm
gonna decorate my closet but I'm just so
tired all I have left really are these
wall scents and to decorate my closet
and that's it right guys I will have a
proper Christmas apartment tour when it
starts getting closer to Christmas and
just a little disclaimer I do have to
decorate early because I make youtube
videos and obviously seasonal ones so I
just love being on top of things and
yeah I'll see you guys in my next fancy
vlog bye
