good morning fancy babies I'm here with
Ken Ken
you guys know ken ken pretty well well
guess what guess what we're about to do
24-hour Walmart challenge yeah it is
11:46 right now I want a show
I'm gonna be showing the time throughout
or 1147 now I'm gonna be showing the
time throughout the video so you know
that I'm being real and I'm not lying I
did a 24-hour closet challenge earlier
this year and you guys loved it and then
I did a poll on Twitter and you guys
wanted a 24-hour Walmart challenge so
bad so that's exactly what we're gonna
do and I don't know if you've seen this
challenge on YouTube or not but pretty
much I just like pulled up all the
charges are pulled up on the TV and
Alcon for binge watching them last night
so that we got a feel for what we gotta
do today but pretty much you gotta stay
try to stay in Walmart for 24 hours
without getting kicked out and you also
have to build a fort in the store to
sleep in we already decided we're gonna
build our fort in the dog food section
because a lot of people who build their
forts in the toilet paper section get
caught you build up for it in the toilet
paper people are most likely to go to
Walmart to buy toilet paper so they're
gonna have to keep restocking it all
right so I'm gonna stop blabbing we're
gonna get to Walmart we're gonna go to a
super Walmart so there's gonna be like a
food store and like Subway is in there
and we're bringing our chargers the
camera charger phone chargers alright
let's go we we packed like little
overnight bag I have face wash face mask
makeup remover wipes just everything so
we're gonna head out we have arrived at
our destination
our hotel for the night so the first
thing that we're gonna do is shop for
things that are either gonna distract us
and help pass time for 24 hours or like
necessities like maybe some powder for
our faces when we have to build our fort
later we're gonna use all this like pink
fur we're gonna make it very glam oh
guys make sure to check out Kenny's
video to them when you're done with this
one he's also vlogging so this is gonna
be super fun the glam 4 it's gonna be so
huge I know I love Walmart I genuinely
love Walmart I am thoroughly impressed
with Walmart like everything is so cute
look at Cinderella's mice they're pasta
my god
guys look at these bags how cute guys
I'm gonna buy this headband look how
cute it is we do have to be mindful to
keep an eye out for where we want to
build our important tonight
it doesn't look deep
we would need to build our fort in
somewhere like this they obviously are
gonna have to restock soon you don't
want to do it in an area where they're
gonna be restocking off so we're gonna
have to look for another location so
mean can you thought we were gonna build
our fort in here because who's gonna buy
this like everyday you know what I mean
but then we realized the back has like
holes like you'd be able to see us if we
like hid back here and built our fort if
we just like somehow maneuver the boxes
to make like a little core in here I
think this is a good option this is a
potential spot for sure if we just move
some boxes around and stuff I think I
don't know if you can see but there's
like empty space right there see where
it says game play there's an arcade how
fun
right and wild yeah but while that's up
there like I'm like a beggar too
so right now we're in subway and it's
like a little like vanity right here
we're doing touch-ups we just found out
that Subway's open till 9:00 so that's
good news
wait snack yeah so Kenny's brother Cory
just visited us he's our first visitor
of the day we have a surprise visitor
coming so he brought Kenny
Wendy's what a good brother so I just
got a chop salad at Subway and Kenny's
actually getting a subway cuz I guess
his Wendy's wasn't enough he's in line
over there so I just ran into some
subscribers we've been pretty
entertained it is now 552 if it'll just
focus
I know it's like long but if you guys
want to see that footage in between now
and go check out Kenny's so we finally
got a highlighter we're gonna check out
soon but this is this hard candy dust
glow I'll let you guys know how this is
and I also got some of this cute glitter
cuz I want to try it out Kenny started
wearing glitter on the show
I like the inner corners of his eyes and
I want to try doing that with like this
bronze color so so Cody and I are the
family bathroom and we're doing some
touch-ups for the last few like hours or
the show the map we decided to make a
map of Walmart
so that we could figure out where to
build our Court tonight look at this we
went around Walmart and wrote down where
things are and in pink is like where we
think we're gonna build our Court
we said worst case scenario we could try
to bring beanbag chairs in here and just
like camp out in the family bathroom
thank you it feel like we could really
fit in here but that's no fun before it
is so fun
before this highlighter is amazing oh my
god we've been trying to entertain
ourselves
it's 846 so guys this is our best bet
based off of our map this is where our
portrait is gonna be we just have to
rearrange the boxes so that like when we
have to do and then against the back do
you want the other negative that one
here oh maybe give it back here okay
that's perfect
so watch someone get into work
so Kenny and I are gonna get a snack
soon but we want to show you what it
looks like so far it's like very
spacious this is my room
we already stood over there and you
can't see anyone who's in here like this
crack looks bigger on camera and then
this is gonna be Kenny's room so really
gonna eat and cover and like stall like
do a puzzle and then come back and see
if anything's like if anything's move
that means that workers were restocking
and moving it but I took pictures on my
cell phone so that I know the setup so
if we have to rebuild it we can rebuild
it in this this is yeah this is like a
low-key aisle that gets on the corner of
the store by an exit you know we could
always just flee from the eggs if we get
in trouble so I mean can you found this
car laying around like that box and
we're gonna put that box there so that's
a workers not like oh there's an empty
space let me move this over and then
Kenny's bedrooms are revealed and we did
it our forts gonna be ready before you
know it okay so the game might be over
because there's a camera right there and
we've been around right here
this is Call of Duty it it comes with a
hat so we just changed outfits because
that camera obviously have camera
footage of us and different outfits so
we're gonna go get something now because
we're starving and we've been here what
time is it we think here since 12:30 and
all I had was a subway salad I like five
I think and it's kind of hot so we need
to get a lot of food cuz I'm getting a
little hungry
it's like restocking out oh my god what
if they restock the bikes
what if our fortress gets ruined
I'm gonna get these these branch
flavored sunflower seeds and we also
have like Kenny's friend Hannah bringing
us food like veal who some like a gas
station so we're good
so we're casually just chillin on this
bench while people are checking out just
eating and it is let me talk show you
the time yeah time it is 1022 we're just
snacking while we wait for like our real
food but Kenny and I just got asked if
we're brother and sister
so we're charging our phones in the
arcade luckily there's an arcade our
stuff is in the fort we haven't even
started decorating it yet
almost we're almost at the 12 hour mark
I'm gonna entertain myself and play some
arcade games our bodyguard ed you guys
know him from the blogs he showed up and
the community is riding on the back of
the motorcycle like a party in here all
our friends visited us
we've got McDonald's we've been using in
tequila shot so far this is going pretty
smooth it is well these decks almost run
ahead
to help keep me up because I know I'm
nobody I need to complete Fred as you
guys can see a 2 a.m. at Walmart there
are no workers like anywhere we're gonna
go check on our fort to see if they
restock hearts pounding as we have all
these surgeries so this is what our for
it looks like so far there's blankets
and pillows and a pinata and our bags
are right there
so we decided we're going to move our
fort because we found a much better
hiding spot where you could escape
on the opposite end if you get caught
and it's so much more spacious
there are so many people stalking all
the shelves near our 4 in there honey
made it in there but I'm trying to make
sure the coast is clear
no choice but to try to go to bed
because there's literally workers on
either side I'm gonna curl up like over
here
is it gonna focus on the time it's
finally
so Kenny and I were woken up
because they're restarting where our
Court is gonna catch us we have to move
what are people doing here at 7:00 a.m.
what are people doing here at 7:00 a.m.
I don't know I don't know how we managed
to get out there was literally
restocking cribs I wonder what our bad
though we should look for that
do you have yes we should look for
her
guys I think they know
Oh
okay let me summarize what happened so
we went to bed at like 5:00 a.m. and we
were woken up at 7:00 a.m. with like
boxes moving and I'm like holy
Kenny wake up they're resetting the car
seats and strollers and cribs where we
were and I didn't really get any sleep
and I kind of feel fine but Kenny was
knocked out and I had to wake him up he
didn't wake up so I like tumbled out of
the fort and I realized they were like
headed towards his way so I waited til
the coast was clear like they were
looking the other way and I just like
kicked open the box and he ran out the
other way and so we decided to do like
laps around the store I don't know how
much time passed when we were doing the
laps but we came back to where our fort
was and it was all cleaned up our bags
were gone like thank God I brought my
purse like our bags were gone like it
was all cleaned out and that clip that
you just saw before this those girls
turn around and looked at us like that's
them like I feel like they definitely
saw the surveillance dudes they probably
kept looking to see who came in and out
I know because we were we were doing
laps for a long time and we were they
going in and I'm out of that thing yeah
boo they definitely ones yeah that's
enough driver to look at surveillance
really easy and fast before I think
someone to remind us coming up to us you
know we should probably have breakfast
at Subway if it's even open yet so mean
can you
it is what's happening
it is 9:00 a.m. we know we told my man
so we're pretty happy right now where
they need me and then see what we're
gonna do to finally
so pretty
me and Kenny are exhausted we thought
last night was hard but honestly trying
to find things to do it now is even
harder it is
11:53 and I believe we started the
challenge at 12:30 but we got here at 12
was it I forget those times are told we
started the challenge I believe it's
12:30
we are gonna wrap this up at 12 because
we want to start editing these videos
and we truly believe this we did the 24
hours whether it's 30 minutes shorter or
not we forget what time we started
honestly but we don't was like around
the twelve and my Maya my camera broke
so I can't see what time we started but
the good news is is that it was my
camera that broke not the memory card so
I do have all the footage you checked
hey boos so we're currently in my closet
and we are wearing face masks just
cleaning up after the crazy 24 hours we
just did we're kind of like trying to
redeem ourselves we looked a little wild
the last 12 hours
so my recap is that I had such a blast
it was so much fun and I couldn't have
asked for a better person to do it when
we look scary but like mines alright
guys let me know if you like these 20
Brauer challenges let me know if you
want to see another one with me and
Kenny and I'll see you guys in my next
fancy vlog bye
