hello okay now
beautiful I'm about to go pick up the D
squad because you're shopping for our
Halloween costumes and I got to tell you
guys I'm having a super exciting party
next weekend I'm having I'm hosting the
Halloween extravaganza again this year
like I did last year if you guys didn't
see last year's vlog we were Victoria's
Secret Angels the V Squad and I hosted a
Halloween party at my parents house this
year is going to be at my apartment and
it's going to be a slightly bigger event
we're going to have a step and repeat
which is like one of those backdrops
where you pose in front of on the red
carpet with all the sponsors on the back
and I have a logo that's going to say
Gabby's Halloween party looks like a
pink pumpkin and Too Faced cosmetics is
sponsoring this party so there's gonna
be a lot of party favors provided by
two-phase Thank You two-faced nikki is
creating a geotag with a team of people
for my party I'm just so so excited do
you guys wanna know what V squads being
this year we're going to the mall and
we're going to go shop for our costumes
we already have our dresses that we're
buying accessories and stuff that we see
for my Halloween party say hi guys
Oh
we're in icing right now this is where
we found a lot of our accessories for
our Victoria Secret Angels last year so
we're trying to see if we have any luck
today they look a lot of pastel and
pretty things
that is an interesting beauty wonder it
has like old classic it's like holes for
the bugs to go sit in it's this oh you
got their shoes this is mark chilly
that's right I have the body of a what
do you call it your you have the body of
a woman I have the body of a starving
English boy
a Scottish boy wait what did what did
the Nisei so we're just walking through
the mall and like these girls just
called yes recording up and we're just
like oh my god guys what chick fil-a
clothes here's my outfit the only time
the beach bod will ever be seen in a
store oh my god
oh no no no no look ariana grande that's
it
I hate how gory Halloween is why are
they selling this why are they still
selling Thomas that's my question
immersion in the American War through no
that's just an excuse to salat on mass
it looks still over there - look circus
food do you know how many people are
gonna be dressed as clowns for holidays
yeah this should have banned it getting
our hair down to me and uh you look more
like Jessica Alba that's right
oh my gosh guys the feels white i'ma
show you they're so scary
I don't like Halloween that's actually
really cool I was told myself I wasn't
gonna buy anything that wasn't relating
to my Halloween party or costume and we
passed Victoria's Secret and you know we
just couldn't say no especially with the
new like athletic wear okay guys I'm
currently in the bathtub right now and I
actually feel kind of sick just a heads
up like my stomach hurts some really
nauseous and I don't know if it's just
that time my mom
but I want to show you guys this is
super cool bubble bath I got it swear
I'm not sponsored by this in any way I
don't even know what company is from but
I found it out of boutique and it's just
bubbly warm vanilla milk bath and it's
like vanilla milk pretty much show you
how to pour that you got you see myself
in there there's no space for it
so I'm conserving it for a little bit I
actually be going really sick there we
do bath balm is a thing as you guys know
those you who watch my friend Emma line
on YouTube she's been tweeting about
these mermaid tail blankets for the
longest time I saw her video where she
was opening mermaid tails so I reached
out to the place that sent them to her
and they gave me mermaid tail blankets I
have so many so I'm thinking about doing
like some kind of like fall giveaway so
how you can enter is just by subscribing
to my blog Channel
and yeah that's it subscribe and I'll
I'll use a generator but yeah I'm
probably only going to keep the pastel
one and the other ones who ever wants to
be like my mermaid friends I know I
sound like Jesse who ever wants to be
like my mermaid friends yeah you guys
there's gonna be like 4 winners I think
I originally did not have planned that I
was going to do a giveaway when I
started filming this clip right now but
yeah if you would like to be a part of
the giveaway just subscribe to me and
these are from Jess Lilly calm if you
don't feel like waiting to see you're
gonna win the giveaway you can just go
on their website and buy one of these
mermaid tail blankets
so cute so comfortable you guys can't
see that's my mermaid tail
it's almost as ridiculous as that
Tiffany's box / bed for my dog if you
want to turn with me I got four Eddy's
all I have to do subscribe okay so this
wouldn't be a fancy vlog if I didn't
show you guys what I got at the mall
today so I'm just going to quickly use
this time to show you I don't know if
you guys know this but whoever is a
fancy baby like me would probably agree
that area synthetic right now is
literally us it's literally us so I'm
going to show you the first thing I got
I got this
lavender nightgown these pretty faded
polka dots on it it looks very vintage
and it's stunning the next thing I
bought were these shorts and they look
very Victorian and they kind of look
like bloomers I'm obsessed I could see
myself wearing this under nightgowns
that are sheer then I bought this blush
bra or bralette whatever it is it
crosses in the back and it's a really
soft material it feels real comfy I then
bought this adorable blush bralette set
it's these cute undies and this cute
band oh it's a really cute night set and
I don't know they just give me ballerina
vibes airy is doing like a nutcracker
theme for their holiday collections
it's sugarplum and snow berry it's
sugarplum fairy theme if they call this
merry Airy I love it they also have like
sugarplum fairy underwear so yet again I
forgot to film an outro for vlog so
excuse this pitbull I took off my makeup
and I feel like real gross right now
anyways um yeah I'm just chilling in my
mermaid tail it's like a blanket but I'm
Romie tail it's just the coolest thing
ever
so shout out to em for showing me these
they are awesome and comfy yes stay
tuned for my Halloween party vlog I'm
going to make sure I like vlog the whole
night I don't know if you guys remember
but
last year I made a vlog at my Halloween
party and then I took it down just
because of like people were saying stuff
about my costume and stuff but if you
guys remember that um it was like a
really cool party and I just really
can't wait for this one so stay tuned
for that vlog and I'm not telling you
what the V squaws be for Halloween you
guys are just got to figure that out or
just wait til we post our Instagram
picture at my party all right guys
love you see you in my next turn to vlog
