hello okay now
beautiful mo with
you guys I don't kids
subscribe below
we're not yet Wow
he's fabulous guys
other hand
yeah just like your fake bird
I don't know
we both
they've only
look at oh he takes a sip of champagne
we are currently on the way the king
oppression ball you guys are over from
the high Valley so it's a little bit of
a trip and I hate to get up to the king
of fashion wall it's about
we find up to an hour so
like we don't always do this but you
just probably fun and different
so we are at an event in the Burberry
store and they have a woman from London
who's from the London manufacturers
sewing trench coats in the back and we
have a very delicious cocktails and
order so cool this is where she was
sewing it's so cool and they vary in
work there we are now in Henry's and all
it is so cute in here guys oh this
reminds me of the box I have in my
closet they just have such beautiful
things in their backpack and I even know
their phone cases are back you and I had
there
why do you have bruises open walking so
much so I just got back from the mall
and now I am having my tea blends and I
am using the Keaney focus bags because I
think I've dried on the best spot ever
so I need to use these maybe like once
or twice in a week this I use every day
sometimes in the morning sometimes at
night and as you guys know I love that I
added some honey into dispenser where I
put the tea bags and then I can shake it
up you can bring this anywhere I don't
like coffee you guys know this I love
tea and then it has like a lid that
seems really good guys I either do this
in the morning or at night so we are
currently in my bathroom because this
girl got some bath bombs Christmas bath
bombs at lush because they just released
the Christmas bath bombs I think it was
today or yesterday and I'll show you
guys that but just want to let you guys
know because I was just thinking about
it I know a lot of you guys asked me
about how season tiny and stuff like
that and although I like to believe it's
partially genetic and stuff it is
partially what I eat in the kitchen and
also completely separate video about
like my food diet stuff like that since
there's a lot of questions on that as of
now I replaced the caffeine and coffee
with tea like I just try Satan coffee as
much as possible so the closest thing to
coffee will be an iced chai tea latte
for Starbucks if you guys follow my
friend naturally on Instagram you would
know that she posts about TV lines all
the time and she's the friend that
turned me on Tessa this stuff is amazing
I wish you guys like that bombs they're
so cute oh I got two of my favorite ones
this I don't remember the name but
they're pretty cute
this is a big Christmas present I got
two of these oh my gosh it's ugly not
gonna be able to fit and then I got
Santa pink Santa's and I got two of them
I'm in love another present day I'm
going to put that there these are all my
massage bars I'm like a lush border
I love lush and as you guys see like
they get old and stuff but I preserve
them in this box because it keeps them
like better for longer but I do throw
them away if they go unused but I
usually do use all them then I got this
Christmas angel oh my gosh just want to
take a bubble bath right now how to be
Gabi buy a bunch of baths on another sin
actually I believe the Christmas ones
right here so that they stay untouched
I'm going to use them soon actually and
then that'll go in there hey guys so
it's the next day it's early and I'm on
my way to get my eyelash extensions
refilled I did go back to eyelash
extensions because I felt like gluing on
eyelashes made me wanna wear more and
more makeup and when I have eyelash
extensions I feel more natural so yeah
lately I've been wearing like not a lot
of makeup at all
um I'm actually wearing what I call the
no makeup makeup look and it's where I
put concealer under my eyes and I fill
in my eyebrows a little bit and add some
to my lips and that's it and then my
eyelash extensions I guess take care of
my eyes so this is like the makeup look
I wear when like I'm running errands or
like I'm not filming but this is a blog
so doesn't count as like filming filming
so I know you guys are probably noticing
our sunglasses on my head and I'm
wearing a tank top and that is because
it's weirdly 84 degrees today and I live
in Pennsylvania you guys know my boys
and coats scarves gloves sweaters
starting like late September and it has
been cold for a long time and now all of
a sudden it's hot I don't get it
so I'm in downtown Bethlehem this is my
favorite place to be I live in Bethlehem
you guys know this and it's just always
so fall here take out my edge slippers
on
so pretty
so I just got home and when I was in
downtown Bethlehem I ordered from this
place called Johnny's bagels and its
really good band it's like vegetables
inside a bagel
and there's no cream cheese or anything
which is good it's like that but they
put tomatoes in it and I asked for no
tomato and I'm really mad and then I ate
almost all the chips on the side and
some of the pickle so I'm watching
screen pans in my closet I'm catching up
because tonight the next episode is
airing and I didn't watch last week's
episode and I'm watching it in the
closet just to get in the mood because
as you guys know the theme of my closet
is scream queens yeah okay guys so now
I'm all caught up and I'm waiting for
friends to come and watch the next
episode of scream queens I literally I'm
so disturbed by the last episode but
hopefully I will start feeling better
for tonight I'll see you next time
