hello okay now
beautiful hey guys so I am on my way to
my parents house because little Lilly's
there
thanks for slowly only what are you
looking at what is this hi hi okay
what are you doing honey what is dead
look at those teeth guys she's smiling a
little baby this is my baby guys she's
hampered beyond belief guys she's just a
little baby little baby
Lily mommy's home so do you know what
that means you're gonna get a cookie
you're gonna get a Henry Bendel cookie
you match your color oh yeah for those
you who don't understand the whole
situation with where does Lily live
basically Lily lives like back and forth
she's still here at my parents house I
did move out but I'm here way more than
I put it out there this one oh here she
is this one has been helping Nick Enoch
he's been having like a hard week
Nicky's good though but Lily was here
all week to give Nicky company because
she's a very good dog and she's very
thoughtful and selfless and she loves to
give cuddles and hugs when one of her
mommies is sad yeah so I'm here to pick
her up so she could be with mommy
because he's feeling better but we do
Nikki and I do share custody over Lily
even though I she technically is mine
Nicky loves her just as much and so does
a family so I share custody of my little
baby or should I say or should I say
princess
oh I love her so much
Wow hey did you want to do like a
haunted thing tonight
and I think I'll be good I'm scared of
clowns and I feel but I don't know I
want to do a lot of thing but I feel
like the easiest spot for someone to
like clown kill is that like one of
these haunted attractions hey guys we
were back at my apartment
Lily's Halloween costume came in the
mail should we show everyone what you're
gonna be thank you yes
say I'm a liar I'm alive uh-oh just
chillin like a lion you make her how can
you get up come on skip come on skip
come on scam no you're back you're lyin
oh yeah if you like this would entertain
everyone you know how I have like these
makeup drawers and stuff well this is my
everyday makeup it's in like this little
this tiny little makeup bag that's rose
gold I got from perfect 21 and this
makeup I actually switched up my makeup
but I'm gonna do an updated everyday
makeup tutorial I've been using this
palette and like I've been leaning off
of the matte lipsticks and I've been
getting into creamier lipsticks again I
really like the YSL lipstick that's
their holiday edition so I just I feel
like I have so much to like catch you
guys up on so let me know in the
comments down below if you would like to
see an everyday makeup tutorial you man
mother you made Siri call you mother
right now
to meet Ali after work and we're all
going to get in the same car and a
haunted attraction I don't even know
where we're going but she knows where
we're going is that candy ride or
something like that
apparently it's lame but I think it's
funny I love getting in the fall yeah so
I'm with Ali and we're at home I mean
responding to a haunted you guys thank
you Mike you got me hot chocolate look
at this bitch kind of try to keep the
centre opener a little bit when you get
into the woods
somebody actors will come away don't
touch them they won't touch you
yeah they're not old rules are out the
window to lastwagen enjoy the ride
thanks for coming out because a clown
should have been banned from this issue
Wow
my god ketchup oh my god there's a clown
right okay guys so I never Tanjung this
Hey but lily has a grumpy side as you
can see but she's like hyper all the
time but how I get her to calm down
before we go to bed as I sing her a
lullaby and I don't know if you guys
have ever seen Barbie as the Island
Princess but that's where the songs from
when ro sings to the elephant but it's
how it goes
Sun Goes Down we together oh yeah and
this is my new candle I found this in
the store actually always wanted to buy
this cuz I saw on Pinterest and it looks
so gol Z with like the teddy bear it was
in a really pretty light pink room I
don't know so I found it I always wanted
to find this so thank God I found it and
it smells so good it smells so comfy
guys and that's it for the fancy vlog
tonight I'm sorry I post these so late
guys but yeah stay tuned for more vlogs
and video sleek and the guys
