the first thing they do on a fall
morning is go on tumblr or Pinterest or
anything that shows very beautiful
seasonal pictures because it gets me
very in the mood and very excited
eventually when I feel like getting up I
love to start my morning off with a very
fresh smell I love the seasonal scents
from Bath and Body Works I love to spray
myself and the bed and it just overall
helps me wake up I then head on over to
the bathroom and I wash my face brush my
teeth and as you can see I'm already
very seasonal with my soaps I then start
a bath because I just find it more
relaxing in the morning especially when
I'm very sleepy and I'm using my new
pumpkin bubble bathroom bath and body
work if you guys watch my vlogs you
probably already know this but I love to
watch videos especially YouTube videos
on my iPad as I take a bath and right
now I'm watching my friend Emma lines
YouTube videos she has the best seasonal
videos especially for fall
so then after I get out of the bath I
throw my pajamas back on tidy up the
apartment and light some of my favorite
candles and obviously clean up the
dishes of course because I always leave
that for the morning
I am one of those girls that always has
seasonal treats laying around the
kitchen when it's the season so right
now I'm eating a pumpkin cookie and I'm
pouring some of my heated up leftover
pumpkin spice latte from yesterday
and after I eat some breakfast I will
sit down on the couch and put on some
Netflix and right now I am watching the
corpse bride
and while the movie is playing
I typically finish my coffee now it is
time to do my makeup and this is
honestly my favorite part of the morning
I know a lot of you guys can say that I
wear too much for an everyday basis but
I simply love putting on makeup and I
just find it to be very fun so the
amount of makeup I wear every day isn't
because I think I am ugly insecure or
anything I just simply love the art of
makeup and putting it on and I love
playing with colors and just testing out
new products I would go ahead and say
everything I am using but I have done my
everyday makeup tutorial many times on
this channel if you guys want to check
that out I will link down below some
videos where I show myself doing my
everyday makeup but it's pretty
self-explanatory I love bronzy colors I
love baking my face and I certainly love
Kylie cosmetics
I get this question all the time and you
guys always want to know what color I
use on my eyelids you always ask what's
that pink sparkly color and it is
actually rose gold by Kylie cosmetics I
usually smoke that cream shadow out with
a powder bronze eyeshadow in my crease
you
you
you
after I'm done putting on my makeup I
spray myself with my favorite perfume at
the moment and then I go ahead and film
some YouTube videos for you guys right
now I'm showing you these dresses that I
just got in the mail and they are from
des all calm it is my favorite website
to purchase vintage couture dresses from
and they are all very affordable you
guys always ask me what vintage shops I
recommend you shop at and I actually get
a lot of my dresses from this website so
the link will be provided down below as
well as the links to all these dresses
will be down below and if you guys
didn't know this des Ã®les partnered
website is just Lily and they are
hosting and a hundred dollar gift card
giveaway and all that information will
be down below if you guys want to buy
some cute Halloween costumes
after I'm done filming I will put on
some normal everyday clothes and head
out the door and make sure to blow out
your candles guys and have a very fun
fall day
