hello okay now
hey guys so it is the beginning of a
fall day and look what I bought at the
mall yesterday this cute little flowery
with antlers and nothing screams fall
more than this I'm so excited so today
I'm going to be filming a fall video
with Niki and yeah I probably won't have
time to bond during that just because
it's gonna take forever to film it but
you guys should get really excited
because it's gonna be really awesome for
you hey guys look where I am right now
I'm at my parents house which is also my
house I don't think I emphasized it to
you guys enough how often I'm home oh my
god you could see my bra through my
shirt I'm so sorry but I'm here a lot
more than I display on my vlog channel
just because like I just love being here
and my vintage collections here even
though I still have a good amount of
vintage in my apartment it's like my
little studio and I just love how it
like just takes me back in time when I
come down here I see really no she's
pretty she no she's a pretty girl yeah
guys oh pretty what a hard life you have
you have such a hard night oh yeah baby
hey guys so I'm currently in the car and
Nikki's filming her shots for our new
lookbook and um I'm just chewing in the
car I'm supposed to be out in our
next location but I thought what better
place to tell you what I just what
recently happened to me Oh as you guys
know I've been a very like unconfident
person I've been real insecure my whole
life I even mocked people and I finally
found myself this year this isn't
exactly something that I want to share
with you guys but just just because I
have such a close relationship with you
I don't feel like I should lie or
anything I'm receiving a lot of comments
asking me especially on my snapchat if I
changed my name I had it all set and
done and planned to go under anesthesia
and I was supposed to get a nose job
right after tour actually on October 3rd
and I chose that date because it mean
girls stupid I know I absolutely hated
my nose it was to the point where I
wasn't even thinking about other things
I just was just focused on angles and my
nose and how I didn't like it and I just
wanted to stop worrying about myself and
I just wanted to focus on the world
around me and stop being so hung up on
something so stupid and silly like what
kind of role model would I be if I like
actually put my life at risk to modify
my face I ended up not following through
with that but then one of my best
friends I am actually really good
friends with Tricia from mazzani medical
spots like a medical spa in my area and
Sabrina and the whole staff I'm just
like best friends with and that's the
place where I get my lips done at they
told me like no your nose is perfect we
see what you don't like about it and you
can easily fix that non-surgically so a
week ago I got a non-surgical nose job
and I'm really happy with my decision I
feel so confident I'm really happy with
it
and it opened my eyes that I almost was
going to risk my life I was going to go
under the night to fix something on
myself that obviously made me unhappy so
I'm glad I took care of it but I was
going to risk my life to change
something cosmetically on myself I'm
glad I see alternative options and if
any of you guys are in the same boat I
was in that's the only reason I'm
sharing this with you because I
genuinely care about you guys and if any
of
are in the same situation that I was in
just know that there are other options
and if you are really that unhappy with
yourself like please try to avoid
risking your life to fix that thing I
don't even know why I'm talking about
this like this is kind of embarrassing
but basically I got Botox right here and
my septum and it lifts up your nose and
then I got filler right here to
exaggerate the tip of my nose so it
curves and lately everyone's just
everyone's been asking me if I got a
nose job so no I'm not denying that I
did get a nose job but I didn't go under
the knife I wanted to but I don't have
the guts to
I just wanted to suck it up and do it
because I saw so many other people and
youtubers are doing it but at the end of
the day I don't it was giving me so much
anxiety and as you guys know my anxiety
is already that bad and I'm just I'm
just so happy guys like I finally so
happy like mmm I just can't believe it I
mean some of you guys might say the
comments down below doesn't even look
that different but oh my god like I bear
I didn't even contour my nose today and
it looks like this and I'm just mmm
I barely been wearing makeup too so I
don't know I'm just sharing that with
you guys just not because I want to be
like oh I got a nose job but because I I
don't keep secrets lot of you guys
thought I went under the knife to
achieve this and I didn't
yeah I'm gonna go Scout my locations and
then I'm going to finish filming this
video with Nikki's so I'm at my
apartment now and I'm actually in my
guest bathroom about to take a nice bath
after a long day
and I just realized I never knew we
showed you guys this bathroom and the
theme of this bathroom is vintage I
guess I got my fall sense already but
yeah I just coast yeah Halloween is I
guess I have like a lot of lush stuff
here and painting I got at a vintage
shop right here
I got roughly hurt and and a pink and
white stripe that Matt and I got all my
fun stuff in the showers and I do guys I
love your remember but I like to put my
iPad here and face it towards the tub
and watch YouTube or movies while I take
a bath and then a subscriber got me
these vintage bows while I was on the
girls night in store so I must take a
bath and I'll see you guys in a little
bit they literally just walk to
Starbucks yeah
say hi - people are gonna get used
to me saying that word why do we always
get Star Trek so much screaming wait
which things so I just got a package and
just part of my beautycon outfit which
is this weekend and I have aliens honey
here - something later and I'm gonna
open this package
it doesn't say my address on it anyway
right casually waiting for scream queens
to come on our addresses from hot Miami
yes really
oh yes so I had to turn my pumpkin arm
because rim Queens coming on and then
you get to hear it but let's see Tonya
got the package open let's see what an
hour so I ordered an antique Chanel
necklace oh my gosh it's even in an
antique Chanel box so cute yes I'm gonna
hold on to that box
that's a cute oh yeah oh my gosh oh it
looks so pretty that is yes and I can
even like adjust how short I wanted to
do loose duh I received your outfit and
then loose probably lose yeah cuz mine's
like a deep one we had a surprise oh my
god so we're watching scream queens and
it's just as you can see we paused it
it's a really creepy episode there's
more knocks and we're all scared we're
like what the heck and then we're not
even expecting anyone
and time is like I'm gonna go look
through the people and here I'm
terrified out roses at my door from
college and hero
yeah oh my god
