hey guys guess what today is it's not
only the premiere of season 2 of scream
queens tonight but B Squad is
celebrating Ali's birthday and Tonya
who's also a part of the squad is in
town and I'm gonna go pick her up from
Ali's apartment and we're gonna go
shopping
Ali and I are both working so Tania and
I had the whole day to ourselves and I'm
gonna go pick up Tonya we're gonna go
shopping for decorations we're going to
stop we're going to decorate my
apartment more even more like scream
queens I feel like my apartment is
already decorated like that but we're
gonna decorate the apartment and get
more knickknacks and gifts for Ali and
I'm so excited so I'm about to go pick
up Tonya right now and we're gonna run
some errands to throw this cute little
scream queens fest tonight oh yeah guys
I bought this for Ali I got her a Chanel
bag for her birthday
it's lavender I'll show you guys it's
lavender I feel like it's so her and I
feel like she totally deserves this this
year she went through so much and she's
my first best friend I ever made if you
guys didn't know that so I'm with Tonya
and we're shopping for Ali and look at
these cards we bought her she found this
fur cake guys literally a fur cake and I
found this and it says you are my
favorite princess and even though that
looks a little couple me I just thought
it was pretty and she's like my wife too
kind of so it just makes sense
we're papayas right now
oh she sure got and because snakes
you're not Chanel Werner ever looking
so we're in Walmart and we're looking
for Barbie dolls to be us we're going to
dress them but this is Tanya this is
gonna be Alli they're not going to bring
these outfits by the way this is Nash
and we're going to cut the hair cuz now
just cut just cut her hair and this is
ally and this dress already looks kappa
oh my god that off it's cute hey guys so
we got back to my apartment and we took
all of our makeup and put face mask on
because we've been wearing the same
makeup for hours now we are now setting
up for Ally's birthday and slash scream
queens premiere party I'm suing it we're
literally so excited and we're gonna
start wrapping her presents and stuff
yeah
so we are ready to celebrate Ally's
birthday and the premiere of scream
queens look at the cake and we got the V
squad as Barbie dolls that is Tania
that's Alli
that's me and that's Nash and these are
her presents
we have Foxx on the TV and we're waiting
for scream queens nash is actually
working right now and she gets out in
the middle of scream queens and then
she's coming over and then alli is
almost here and here look how spooky my
closet look and i got a couch in here
guys it's a vintage couch and i can just
chill here and talk to you from my
closet I'm obsessed with this skirt this
skirt is like yo now she's on her way
she got out early from work yeah
we're literally having a scream queens
party right now
this is penny boot guys ready and
Kenny's boudin
but the birthday girls for those of you
who watch my blog I don't know how happy
I am right now
got a good ring holding did using anger
you too I had to metal school all by
myself
should a year and a half it was really
hard yeah you'll never bad this is gonna
be so much fun I think I speak for all
of us when I say the doctor was never
the dream there's an easier fix for that
Wakeley now hold on
I spent a full hour learning with dr.
Braam to try to a full hour give it up
now Catherine I think we need to
consider one more procedure a makeover
yeah yeah yeah I'll show you up close
this is my boo thang Kenny
Hey and then zoo dan okay Kylie let's
see a great leg a good look yes
watch but you have to say I know right
okay this is Tonya's gift
Nelligan in love your laugh so hard what
you said I got you the cash a pallet
bitch it'll see you Friday Tonya yes
imma get it right this is my hand you
are going to love it and now it's first
okay Chanel okay Chanel number five say
cheese
oh my god I want to smell it right now
it smells amazing my sorry which one is
that uh I think my favorite perfume
now you can smell like me and remember
me please
there's something at the bottom sexy can
ask me what size Brian Wow that detail
let me put this on right now oh my god
look at the blue look at the grand
finale everybody there's a car part okay
Ali
oh my god I know we get the farm nice
yeah
