hey guys it's Gabby and gee I wonder
where I am right now can anyone guess
where I'm sitting right now guess what
guys
I quit the girls night in tour no no no
no I'm kidding I'm kidding
totally kidding as you guys know I'm a
part of the girls night end tour and we
have off oh we've had off the last three
days I decided because the the off days
were in New York City which is like an
hour outside of where I live I decided I
was going to go home for those three
days Nikki decided to stay in New York
but I decided I wanted to go home film
some stuff for you guys and de-stress
anyways guess what I'm about to film for
you guys I filmed one of these last year
and I just need to film one now because
I don't know I feel like I want to be
the first one to put up a fauxhawk I'm
gonna get right into this because I'm
super excited to share with you guys
what I bought so the first thing I
bought for fall were obviously like
something warm and fuzzy uggs and this
year ups have slippers that look just
like this I usually go to vintage shops
looking for slippers like this but I've
decided to be creative and make cute
little feminine and girly slippers but I
saw these on the website and I was like
yo these have my name all over them so I
did they are so cute the next website I
decided to go on with Miss Selfridge
calm and as you guys know or don't know
it was in my last fall so I decided to
go ahead and buy all it's not a fall
Gabby doesn't have a faux fur coat I
bought a faux fur coat which is a little
heavy for fall but I feel like it would
make a lot of my like my fall fashion
looks look pretty cute and it's like
this rich pink color or Mavi color and
it's fake fur obviously and it ties at
the waist and the cuffs have fur I then
bought a midi skirt and it's lavender I
don't know if you can see but it's
lavender and it has pastel pink flowers
all over it
it's very flowy and I just feel like
this could dress up like a loose
real well I got this adorable pink
sweater and it's sort of like tighter
than I was expecting to fit but it's
really really cute I could see myself
wearing this with like light washed
jeans and Uggs
I'm so excited it's all on Miss
Selfridges website I then got this
sweater because it just looked so like
writing 40 just looks like the top of a
like a vintage dress or something and it
totally goes with my table set over
there I bought these ballerina heels
they actually look just like ballerina
slippers except for the heels obviously
and it ties up like a ballerina shoe or
like a pointe shoe before I get into the
other clothes and stores that I shopped
at I want to talk about you know how
like the Chi shadows are really in right
now um well I love how warm and fall the
tones are but I notice a lot of you guys
have been asking like for me to do a
review on the Chi shadows and stuff like
that and I guess I'll kind of squeeze a
little review in here because although I
love the cash a dough palette and it's
very bronzy and orangie and beautiful
for fall I did stumble across like dupes
for the cash ad oh it actually looks
like the cash a dough palette and it's
the same shimmery ones are shimmery
under the rest are matte like it's the
exact and they're the same tones except
this one I guess needs to be a little
more orange to look like the cash a dope
palette exactly but they are so similar
and it's the same amount of eyeshadows
except this is like 15 dollars cheaper i
swatched these colors and I compared the
Chi shadow palette to the CariDee
eyeshadows and the carroty eyeshadows
turned out to be more pigmented so I've
actually found myself using these
carroty eyeshadows way more than the Chi
shadow palette which is bizarre because
I was super excited when I got the Chi
shadows anyways long story short I
really think that you guys should check
out the Carrie D eyeshadows if you can't
get ahold of the Chi shadows I mean
let's be
here no one can get ahold of the Chi
shadows until she restocks and who wants
to wait to restock and spend that much
money on the pallet and the shipping
when you could just get this thing for
like fifteen dollars cheaper I compared
the Kush a dough called Jasper to
birthday sweet by Kara D the carrot e
shadow stood out more it was more
pigmented and they looked pretty slick
exact but I personally liked the texture
more of the carrot e eyeshadow then I
compared tiger eye to save word and they
both looked pretty similar like the
other colors I tried out but the one
that got me the most was when I compared
taupe as the cash a doe to muzzle by
Kara D muzzle stood out so much more it
was the exact color if not maybe eat
maybe even like a little richer right
now I'm wearing all three of those
colors I put birthday sweet on my lid as
my transition color I use safe word an
outer V I use muzzle so this is what it
looks like
I'm just really obsessing with this
palette so I thought I'd share the love
because that was one of my favorite fall
beauty products that I purchased I
absolutely love the Juicy Couture and
goals it's really comfy lounge you wear
but on their website it's real like nice
sweaters and suits and button ups and
track wear and it's just real cute the
first thing that I got from there it was
obviously this too wet hair and it looks
like this it has gold buttons all the
way up it kind of reminds me of like a
Chanel looking or style jacket because
it has the quilted black right here and
then it's sweater sleeves and up and
down the jacket and for the pockets like
a jacket sweaters I'm wearing it like a
business suit kind of I'm wearing this
white skirt to go with it so I feel like
it looks a little dressed up when you
wear it like this the next item I bought
from Juicy Couture is this jacket and
nothing screamed scream queens to me
more than this jacket the next thing I
bought from Juicy Couture is this it's
like a track suit but instead of it
being shorts it's an athletic skirt I
just think this is a cute little fall
outfit case it's like warm out but a
little chilly I love
things that match like suits last but
not least the next thing that I bought
that I want to talk about is the curling
iron that I used for my fall hair now
this is what I'm what I call fall hair
the curling wand that I've been using
for my fall hairstyle is this Duvall
I think I'm pronouncing right Duvall
curling on I was googling curling irons
because mine really sucks someone that I
have and I wanted like those really big
Pinterest waves you know the girls and
the sweaters and the fall pictures you
know their hair is always like gold a
lot of people were saying the Duvall
curling wand and I was like this is so
cheap yeah right whatever I bought it it
is so amazing guys I haven't been using
bonds as much as I used to because I
like the clamp and I like just basically
having a lot of control over it and I
don't really like the snake look that
wants usually make my hair look like but
this wand does not make my hair look
like snakes it looks like big barrel
curls look so fall and flowy I always
finish off my fall hairstyle by taking
the Duggal straightener and I use it to
flip out the side bangs I have because
my side things usually just sit there
all bored on the sides of my face just
like straighten it outwards if that
makes sense so that my hair looks blown
back and not just hanging there so it
has like some kind of style and to it I
don't even know how to word it but yeah
that was my fall guys I've been so
excited to get into the fall spirit I
mean obviously I decorated my apartment
and I got a new couch and a new pillow
with like fake fur obviously I'm these
pearls and for a reason Oh guys I'm just
so in the spirit we know the comments
down below if you're looking forward to
more fall videos and holiday videos I
just I'm so excited guys so yeah I will
see you guys in my next video love you
