currently backstage at girls in
Charlotte North Carolina so this week I
was tagged in this beauty challenge
which is really funny because this is a
blog channel Dianna Saldana beauty guru
tagged me and how I did my makeup in
high school all of tour I wanted to do
this video but I have not found good
lighting a good spots do it intro
whatever and you know I'm just like
whatever I really want to get this video
up because it's really funny so this is
the intro
so in Diana's video she did her makeup
how she did it in high school the same
products and everything well I was a
unique little high schooler and I
actually filmed myself doing my makeup
in high school so I'm not going to do it
for you right now like right here I'm
actually going to insert a makeup
tutorial I made when I was in high
school
and it's actually under a youtube
channel that I refuse to name I mean
it's still up and running it's public so
if you find it good for you but yeah
it's under a big name but it was my
everyday makeup look in high school a
disclaimer before you see this footage
yes I look remarkably different yes I'm
happy now and yes I do you think that
was beautiful back then and I am NOT for
America turn people grow up in all
different ways um but other than that
yes starting my makeup in high school we
are going to be doing a flawless natural
look ever had this desire to look
flawless but natural at once I know I do
stay tuned in the end to learn how to do
this hairstyle today I will begin by
using Revlon's for the finished
foundation and shelf I chose a lighter
foundation to help with the natural look
I chose a lighter foundation to help
with the natural look that makes no
sense it is one of the drugstores best
foundation make sure to apply to your
cheek
I use my hands instead of brushes at the
foundation I suggest using the
additional kind of powder causes
creating an airbrush while was almost
natural airbrush slip
this is the Revlon photo finish
concealer apply the season four dots
under each eye I blend it with my
fingers - now - using $4 and they're
letting on on a white board that's my
voice I'm just lol in right now
I pressed on the concealer using the
excess powder left on my brush this is
Mac blush warm soul I will be using my
angled brush for my cheekbones make a
fishy face to find your cheekbones
easier and quicker apply under each set
of cheekbone apply under each set of
cheekbones then on the side of each
valley I'm using blush of bronzer any
angle darkness you desire and ended up
shoe design using benefits i by defining
it's really neat because it comes with
tiny tweezers a tiny angled brush and a
tiny padding brush use the dark waxy
color before you apply the lighter
powder this will be much easier with
defining make sure to follow your own
eye brushes and not to draw on yeah
I think the eyebrow stuff I used was too
light for my eyebrows because in
pictures my eyebrows appeared really
dusty and like a light brown and didn't
match my black hair I'll be using Urban
Decay primer potion and since it holds a
lot of Shimon for eyeshadow I'll be
using a fun day balloon fly a fun
Maybelline fly pitilessly I like some
like so like so
let it apply to my cabinet then I apply
to my other lid like so I thought that
then I just say crease brush if I apply
this I actually did this make a book
every day I remember that Maybelline
quad
and I apply the brown color for my outer
corners Edlund
I remember I would just fill my eyelids
and shimmer I got incredibly many
highlighted I just don't remember all
over my eye these my middle finger to
pack down lately I use my middle finger
to pat down lightly that's so specific
it's like one of the only Mac products i
own i only owned that dazzly I shadow
and that blush I used his bronzer next I
would easily simply fun fact I didn't
know how to do boys overs when i was the
stage so i pre-recorded the audio on
GarageBand and i watched my video as i
recorded my voice on GarageBand and then
i put the audio on the video I didn't
know voiceover existed or was an option
yeah I always use pencil above my all my
eyelids I never really used any gels and
with lip liners
after curling my eyelashes I didn't use
anybody all-time favorite mascara cover
them I still use that mascara to stay
didn't apply a thin coat of maybe just
to help them look cool a thin coat of
Maybelline
just to help them look full try a light
coat of the croissant artist yeah back
then when I had no lips
I like gave up on my lips and I just
used lip gloss like I didn't really care
about my lips just whatever was in front
of me I would put on lip gloss though
because I didn't have any lips to line
so like I didn't know what my lip shape
was so it was embarrassing whenever I'd
wear like lipstick it would be
everywhere huh
what a beautiful natural flawless lips
with a felon what a beautiful they're
always natural if you got going I hope
this helps you with your natural
flawless look be sure to wear this at
school some point we get so many
compliments thanks for watching and
don't forget music from aura signal
drifting afternoon
yeah that was my video how I did my
makeup in high school let me know in the
comments down below if you liked it also
the makeup I'm wearing right now is done
by a makeup artist here in Charlotte
North Carolina and everywhere on this
tour I'm getting my makeup done by
different makeup artist in every state
and city and this is incur to see of the
print apps priv and that is basically an
app where you can find glam any kind of
any kind of plan like massages tans
makeup hair or nails in any city or
state will no matter where you are so
thank you Chris and yeah that's pretty
much it and love you guys
