hey guys so I am in Cleveland Ohio and
it's our day off and colin is flying in
for the day and night but let me just
give you a little tour of my hotel room
before he arrives
yes I just took a bath but this is the
first bathroom this is the bedroom god
TV and everything I just took a bath
that's why all my stuff is right there
and yeah and let's take you to the other
side this let me just tell you guys like
when I got this room I didn't realize
how big it was going to be they just
like said VIP room and it was like a
really good price and I was like sure
I'll get it and then dang but yeah this
is like a little kitchen and like a bar
right here and this is like a little TV
room with a TV and then we have a dining
room and I think my service is here I
just heard a knock and that was my room
service
I got salad and champagne look at this
this is how I'm spending my day off
so one of you subscribers commented one
of my videos and told me when I go to
Cleveland to go to this vintage shop and
oh my gosh guys like whoever told me to
come here thank you so much it is just
so cool in here there's like so much I
can't handle this is just the clothing
area guys like oh my gosh there's so
much Christmas oh my gosh I wish I had
this home oh my god oh my god
I'm doing a little haul right now just
see you guys now I'm just gonna put this
claimer everything I bought like I know
it looks unwearable but there's like a
purpose for everything I buy I don't
just buy things to buy things and I'm
also a vintage collector so if it
doesn't make sense as to why I bought
something just don't even ponder about
it so the first thing I bought at the
vintage shop is this adorable
nightgown shabby chic I love it and the
bottoms beautiful too I just love the
light pink and lace look the next dress
I bought is this light blue dress and I
know a lot of you are going to be like
now what is she going to wear this for
um I have insanity planned for crit the
Christmas season and this goes with one
of the videos that I'm planning on
making this dress is absolutely
beautiful ties in a bow here and there's
bows all along the trim and it's just so
beautiful the next thing I bought was
this adorable shirt I'm so obsessed with
this top and it's such a shame that
summer is ending because this would look
so cute with a summer outfit but I'm
pretty sure I know how to dress this up
for the Fall I got this fur collar so
this is what the fur collar looks like I
am obsessed with this this is gonna look
so cute in Christmas videos guys can you
tell I'm excited for Christmas or what I
also bought this mirror that looks like
a lollipop
it's very adorable and obviously
handmade and vintage and I'm gonna have
to use some warm water to get the price
off but I think this would look really
cute by my vanity my next purchase was
this beautiful beautiful robe that shuts
that closes with a bow this is what it
looks like when you close it it has
beautiful ruffled sleeves and the bottom
of the robe is ruffled and there's
ruffle trim all the way down the rope I
feel like this is just so beautiful for
like I get ready with me video and
obviously I can't go vintage shopping
without buying a nightgown or slip this
is a very beautiful vintage slip
is a very pretty blush peachy color and
I was in love with this at first sight a
lot of 90s with vintage clothing and
vintage clothing in general is very
sheer so I bought bloomers so we're
under my clothes they look like this and
last but not least I bought this piece
for my apartment and it's an adorable
poodle we look so cute in a bathroom or
on my vanity this bow it's just so
adorable it looks like a Henry Bendel ad
or something guys whoever told me to
vintage shop in Cleveland thank you so
much because I love absolutely
everything I bought um yes Colin's gonna
be here real soon and yeah I'm gonna go
get ready so this is the beautiful lobby
of the hotel and look who's remain me
look at the height difference though I'm
a giant good to you
why are you like me up sighs sure so I'm
gonna surprise Colin tonight I told him
I'm taking him somewhere roll in an uber
cuz I don't have a car here obviously
and he has no idea where we're going
I'm really excited so where do you think
we're going
what do you have in your lab I think
veterinary Donald's with hashtag mental
chickens - Technic look where we are
look to your left wait this is the house
from the movie it is yes they have the
lamp in the window I know and they have
a Christmas story house gift shop
he's a souvenir shop know that stuff oh
my gosh
wait what's that yeah but can they left
the wallpaper and stuff in everything
look in the little boy's bedroom up
there how do you know this was here I
love this movie
so Colin and I are sitting in our
pajamas on a bench across from the
Christmas story house eating McDonald's
were you eating house time good chick
hashtag me chicken I still love them and
I'm eating french fries because I don't
eat meat I love you look at us we're
best friends and women I love you the
mouthful of food on a bench in the
middle of Cleveland change food we'll
change food no kidding oh yeah a lot of
you guys have been calling out in the
comments
oh my god I took a girl on her gave me a
pep no we're just best friends and we're
dating on top of it we're best friends
machete has like a feminine side too but
he's not like gay or anything absolutely
not he's just very like romantic in a
touch with his feelings like I love guys
like that the reason I fell for him is
because I was never used to like guys
being so in touch with like emotions and
stuff like that and I just feel like
it's like I'm just so happy now because
I'm like with someone who
okay okay I just love the leg it's the
real one from the movie you see so many
copies of that leg in stores but that's
the real one that's so funny
the real leg is a thick leg and I like
that
you want to know something if you try to
buy this lamp nowadays it's a stick leg
just goes to show how the freaking
generations and like expectations
changed for women and it's pretty sad
that's really I don't even notice that I
didn't yeah this is the gift shop oh my
gosh I want to buy that too
oh my gosh that looks like your onesie
there's a museum that this building
right here is Museum we were sitting in
front of the museum oh my gosh uh-huh
everything's lit up like that's like
that has to do with the movie the lights
are still on
I love it
