what's up villains welcome to another
vlog I know I kind of haven't seen you
guys in quite a while I don't know a few
days some of you guys want to vlog some
of you guys want to go die well I'm just
playing but I actually am I playing I
don't know anyways I'm headed to the
dentist right now fuck I got a root
canal but I got that taken care of now
I'm getting like a crown I guess I'm
think tooth or whatever I mean it's
level tooth are they going to put a chip
on top I don't know but yeah so what
I've been up to up and up to quite I
don't know I must rest because I haven't
been uploading on the main channel a lot
and why am i stressed because I have I'm
just blocking everybody from all the
trips that have been going to well I
went to Bulgaria for a movie so that's
another thing but ok I'm gonna go to
Miami and just do old school pranks like
I used to do because that's what I miss
I'm getting a lot of stuff I just people
like oh let's go there let's travel
there now like bitch I'm blocked and I
also got a boost 30 pounds in 56 days so
I got a lot of to do it these 56 days I
want to do floor pranks and yeah but I
don't know with this vlogging style what
do you guys want me to keep log games
it's not safe for me to drive and talk I
don't want to talk you might get off my
chest look at this guy
it is it idiot he is he did but yeah so
I'm series guy but
stop stealing shopping carts stop
stealing shopping carts
this guy's John with the truck wouldn't
shopping carts of though it's funny all
right
this clip in a for quite a while let's
got it would you guys hate his dentist
officially because the shot into my
tooth oh my god okay why are you
recording what while you recording over
by the rubble yeah we're doing ris park
of it bro so anything to a 30-pound in
two months
I got you I got you
our top missionary revival degree the
building under that that John these
people can change
I'm sorry bro I'm sorry no you did a
great job before you market your
business you're sure I was here for my
wife pro-ice I wish that my pants and I
knew was coming
all right guys let's just got back home
god my tooth filling in and I haven't
got my boy chat pepper salad crazy guy
you go a lot bro it's so funny how we
used to talk about user born and okay
okay one night I'm very Jake Paul's
house needs like you are one of the most
underrated people I know in Los Angeles
he's like bro your time is coming and
I'd like to see working with bigger
people and well you have a big road you
got big
for real though I before I started doing
YouTube in social media I was doing it
yeah and I was hanging out with him yeah
are you a lion no you're like I get it
up by the time of his part of Europe and
I learn to fun what we're doing hello he
just came over a I'm gonna chill then he
fucking brings a mousetrap into my house
and it's dirty and he just starts of
blogging without permission I guess it's
a blogger lifestyle he he told me guys I
should blog every day he was about to
slap in better form about to probably
quit my blog you got you got to tolerate
you walking us right now he's funny gay
looking he's handsome he does we're
praying is mess why would you not want
to see that every day you get back to
the world let's give you so much we just
were asking for one blog a day you get
two spins okay so if it lands this isn't
doing it if it lands here your freedom
to India are you gonna be a Rattrap
doesn't have a mane okay all right what
are we doing doesn't land on it you
gotta do it or what this is the rat trap
or I gotta click you with that one like
okay cool so I have to do it right now
hey Jillian or do though I shit fuck
that whoa not let's go back to people
Bravo be broken are you talking about it
but not this game at least I got amped
you one Technip you one yeah how do you
clamp it but I'm ready to get rude Oh
what do you want I want you to get your
meat and then when you squeeze it or no
no you just leg up okay look uh what up
so we're shooting Saturday huh machine
Saturday disallow the collab this time
see birthday this one what yo think hit
it girl that's not even fight I was
scared it is your car yeah I love it
didn't even tell you that I love this
car because I swear you would ever do
anything this Karma nice wait bro put
this in your mind in your vlog if you
I'm between this car I will really get
back guys coming below what I should do
this car having a lot of comment below
not having the runs like comment below
what I shooted to his car which is
awesome I've been joking that's like no
crash it up the mountain one is off
there's no way there's no way you would
do that new title if you can't find it
for maybe two nobody want the Mayans
awesome let's do an auction through K
right now - okay I'm coming after me
screams it's a lie you said no hell no
yeah what years a 87 oh fuck yeah yeah
good keep it keep it hi guys thank you
so much for watching this vlog let me
know in the comments below what do you
guys think of all my little mini rant
today but yeah thank you so much for
everything guys for watching and please
give it a big thumbs up and once again
don't forget it's your life your choice
do whatever the fuck you want to do
don't let people tell you what you want
to do in life or who you need to be in
life seriously
I love you guys let's do that
