what's up villains I know my voice
sounds a little messed up from all these
crazy festivals so I decided to combine
an epic action-packed vlog from all the
weekend into one it's a current day
right now if you're watching this right
now this is today I'm headed back home
getting ready for VidCon and getting
ready to release another main channel
video we got Tony right there
Tony jump on this weekend I'm exhausted
okay back in fell yeah anyways please
enjoy the vlog give it a big thumbs up
if you want to see more action-packed
blogs like this and enjoy okay guys it's
time to take off we're gonna have fun
with fresh song up be good and don't
rape any dogs just up to an SUV and then
we're off to you see you guys ready
there's gonna be a lot of traffic a lot
of traffic that girl a girl how will she
wear
doctor she's headed to DC it is it a DC
good everybody's so nice and peaceful so
we pulled up and the traffic is
completely insane I think we've been
here for like a past hour just in
traffic stuck look this guy he's
blocking us around but you are let's
guys blocking us okay goes running oh
wow look at this this is insane look at
all this traffic are you trying to cut
through here yeah oh he's growing some
balls
there you go Oh me Vegas
look you see that let me see that
oh yes a man will see the oh I'm hungry
hm really Oh beautiful Vegas look at
that
when is he coming back to Vegas Kirk
never who's you never
the season
we're straight let's trade
you take the vilmer hat I figure out now
I can trade bad okay we got a little
plan b pill and a pregnancy test let's
see what this girls think sorry I got a
tech I gotta test my boyfriend so we got
weird last night okay kind of boy or
maybe us at the club last night I don't
know which one is which I'm sorry about
last night you're on a public sidewalk I
can record you he asked me nicely hey
put the camera down please do not record
me I'll put it down but when you start
reading meeting a punch from the face or
go fuck yourself I'm gonna get this much
more thing as we get started please be
nice and if I didn't listen to that we
going then this sugar goes
is yours it was here is it yours huh
oh right now
so I decided to combine this log into
two vlogs because we got a lot of stuff
yesterday but it was just like all show
you the beauty the party so I wanted to
get more a little personal I guess and
today is going to be a fun another fun
vlog because I'm taking a helicopter
with Paul to EDC maverick helicopters
and copter pilot hooked us up so I'm
super thankful we're going to go take a
helicopter there ditch the rest of the
friends we're gonna be stuck in traffic
unfortunately now but yeah we're gonna
take a helicopter
Paul's never been in a helicopter I'm
excited to show a nice ride and then
we're off
EDC day to
kissing niggas dead
yo guys it's getting kind of dark
outside
look at that we're inside them all right
now this is amazing work
yeah
is it cool I'm talking to try to
recharge your balls
whoa
really oh dude you're the youtuber oh yo
did a what's up I'm good how are you
so I heard I got a lot of pins in
Australia is that true
yeah but not down to well you're one of
the you're the cute you're the cuties
3-star more you want to have a threesome
yeah yo
no way so why you see people first run
when I rush it I'm doing a YouTube video
right now about awareness about it's not
everything
Oh what is he doing easy oh nice hey
what's up I'm sure almost of myself was
up this time graduates came in spit on I
know why hit on it that's crazy right
now look I'm scared
not at all excited miss are you scared
I'm not scared
yeah I flew two years ago which one is
our rice
so last time we took the helicopter here
was in 2014 at ABC and the view is
amazing flying over the Vegas Strip this
one but take it it's gonna be awesome
this can be done
yeah we're just saved like in two hours
with what to travel again my minute five
minutes forget all these people holy
crap another crazy night here
this is how people say my name vitality
yo you for mentality GV are you from the
town are you from Patiala TT last night
in Vegas we got my boys here after a
nice nap we're going to skrillex and
diplo at excess excess is probably one
of my favorite clubs in Vegas it's a
pool party it's a nice room pool party -
super excited so many major ELLs and
gambling let's see what the night has to
offer
okay guys thank you so much watching
this vlog I hope you enjoy thanks for
coming with us to EDC it was awesome
great memories great times and if you
missed this year there's always gonna be
a next year and yeah time to head back
to LA get to reality more vlogs more
pranks and more action love you guys
don't forget to thumbs up and I'll see
you tomorrow
listen I'm here whoa yeah
