what's up villains thank you for coming
back to watch another vlog sorry about
the light here I'm driving into the Sun
but anyways its 6:22 p.m. it's a late
start for the vlog but I finally
finished shooting my documentary and
about the court yesterday the court had
actually filed the charges yesterday
when the judge went to the courthouse
Sagra charged with trespassing he got
charged and the court date is the 29th
of June so that's when I think I'm going
to meet up in front of the courthouse
but on the other note uh yeah horrible
you guys ready to see this horrible okay
guys you ready to see this so earlier
today when I was changing into my
wardrobe my phone broke my screen
completely broke it didn't crack it
broke and you can't see see the
reflection of the law camera anyways I'm
driving to a place that's gonna fix my
phone hopefully they close in about 30
minutes with this la traffic I don't
know if I'm gonna make it but I think I
will anyway so I'm hoping to fix my
phone because I'm leaving to Vegas at 7
o'clock in the morning tomorrow for EDC
I'm gonna vlog there for you guys I'm
gonna meet Kirk and Kirk's gonna get a
nice little surprise I'm gonna vlog it
tomorrow his reaction is gonna be
priceless it's a secret for Kirk and I
can't wait to show it to you guys I'm
gonna vlog it the whole thing you guys
gonna love it too so yeah I hope I'm
gonna fix my phone cuz no iPhone no life
alright guys I'm sorry
but before Vegas
I'm so pale I'm sorry yes I'm doing this
and my nails are disgusting so I'm
getting many pity
all right guys been on my feet all day
literally didn't have time to pull out
the vlog camera right now we have some
time with Toni to go to the movies and
we're gonna watch central intelligence
totally not a brand deal and we're going
to Vegas tomorrow and today what
happened I got my phone fixed I got that
tan that I was telling you about
no no they made me wait and I couldn't
wait because we had the movie so now
we're gonna watch the movie and I have
to pack for Vegas I think I'm gonna
combine this this vlog into tomorrow's
vlog not not this vlog into the morning
slogging vlog all the way drive up to
Vegas and then start on the next day
fresh from Vegas but yeah just hanging
out at an old growth just stop by the
movie theater itself where you guys from
so what do you know about my videos just
name me one thing that you remember
that's you know you saw that one did you
see the basketball one running across
the board with Trump stock yeah
you have to take what's the name of the
Russian his main character oh no that's
if there's no pictures and say guys just
kidding
yeah we work together et Cie yeah look
we meet the same weekend oh wow that is
crazy
it's meant to be dude I know right
glasses on oh yeah let's put on the
glasses on let me see how you look with
these glasses put these glasses on yeah
is it that you girlfriend
yeah well I'm suing cuz there's my new
boy from now you might have Tony on that
popcorn by the way Rhonda please oh I
hope you have to tell at the house don't
discipline make sure he doesn't
disappoint you
you already know you know yeah yep we
only spread in one thing is the booty
you spread on the bread you should go to
jail
really bro really bro really really at
two o'clock in the morning
really
6:30 we're headed today against got
three hours of sleep I get a little
power nap oh he's mother no guy a little
nice to not Terada the window my stomach
is hurting the stomach my stomach is
hurting the stomach my stomach hurting
this morning for some reason
we just got to barks oil box huh
Marshtomp no stretch so guys leave aha
flog the painting but I would have Tony
don't laugh well this is bad it was like
embarrassing and I never get read it
hurt so bad dude because it's like spots
but this one was okay anyways got my
bracelet couldn't put it on by myself so
I I put it in my shorts oh my god
I want dad bracelet oh my god now oh and
I got these Easy's that I brought them
to Coachella destroyed them completely
forgot I'm now I have to destroy my
black ones which are my favorite oh I
was just reading over that about the
bracelet my bad that was where the whole
world heard that the whole can you taste
it though it feels like Denny's so by
the way guys my best friend from Florida
I convinced him to come to Las Vegas
from Florida and she's also Kirk's
really good friend we're all like three
best friends anybody could have and Kirk
has no idea that poles coming like we've
been trying to get him out too
premiere everywhere and they just
couldn't because he had a girlfriend now
he broke up with his girlfriend they
broke up finally thank God having my
best single friend back I convinced him
as a sure so Kirk has no idea so I
cannot wait to see Kirk tree actually
he's a little big in a thing literally
I'm gonna faint
I'm deeply
look I didn't eat the hashbrowns you're
about to
I got an omelet chicken onions tomatoes
cheese mushrooms crazy right over a Tony
took over I took a nap I had to take it
out and we were out like three that were
uh went to bed at 3:00 in the morning
woke up at 6:00 so it's the three hours
of sleep now four hours of sleep because
it took a nap for an hour so we're about
to meet up with friends I don't think we
can check into the room which will two
or three but our other friend Dennis is
friend of my friend Tony's friend Eric
Alterman tree seen in previous vlogs
he's there in the room and we're gonna
go chill I'm probably gonna try to
squeeze a workout in finally man I hate
driving to Vegas she's shoutout to EDC
thank you for all these amazing passes
you guys gave us for me and all my
friends amazing thank you much
appreciated thank you
thank you thank you Danny Danny honey
got to the hotel room we're gonna hit
the gym before a pool party definitely
hitting the gym night
oh yeah like it yeah wait Sortino wear
bathing suit oh they're more like you
meant it looks like an 80s bodybuilder
yeah
okay guys sorry about that clip I was
just a little excited to me being in
Vegas
so anyways don't forget to watch
tomorrow's vlog cause it's gonna be epic
I know I say that every time but I'm
sorry that I'm just trying to make epic
vlogs and I've actually been coming up
pretty good we've been doing a lot of
stuff but EDC we're raging tonight and
you're coming with us so thank you guys
for watching and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
does he Danya and don't forget to thumbs
up
