what is up villains so I told you guys
that today's gonna be exciting vlog
because I'm surprising my mom she
doesn't know where we're going are you
excited mom about what that we're going
somewhere all the way how are you
driving
I'm freaking like what's my I don't know
why you said it's not because I'm scared
scared of what I'm talking away you
driving and the highway okay just
driving we're late sigh home sigh hole
was supposed to play a hole okay and
we're arriving mom to come to an airport
concert yep we're going we're going
we're going in the plane we're going
back to Russia you go in the private jet
where are you going we're gonna fly to
where Victor Russia
stop I'm kidding I got us a blip I got a
surprise at how the copter tour around
la helicopter
I don't want ever free what are you
afraid of one fly why you should have
told me before I don't want to do this
get ready ready for a nice helicopter
ride cuz we're going usually four and
one goes down so stops a good ring show
I don't know some random guy walking in
trying to get a helicopter ride why are
you freaking out yeah you saw the you
saw the NBA Street which room sucks
tell my viewers what you're doing you're
a pilot I'm pilot I'm 16 and I'm gonna
break the world record to be the
youngest flying around the United States
with this play at the blue one come on
yeah show me show me that's awesome dude
hell yeah man Congrats that's some balls
so you check the engines and everything
right I'm sure everything's good
okay so this summer summer so yeah July
5th at 7 o'clock I'm being here at the
Carson
Airport and I'll be taking off from here
I'll go to Maine I'll go to Washington
I'm gonna Florida and I'll come back
this plane can go to Florida
fuel how many times you use how many
stop oh so you can't go on would one
like from here to Florida can't do in
one take know who's gonna be with you
that's awesome dude are you excited I'm
super nice dude Congrats
so what's your dream like who do you
want to be you want to be a pilot I
would be like him he does like
helicopter for movies and production and
all
he's really awesome dude and he's the
one who inspired me to start doing this
war record yeah yeah that's it wait but
that's a guy who's taking me right yeah
my mom is terrified she should be right
he's not pranking you so it's okay yeah
but I definitely got to do a like a
video or a sketch with the helicopter
going to like low below like above
alembert Guinea and I grab him with one
arm and it takes off and I jump in the
ocean should be good if summer than when
I'm 18 I'll be pausing by myself around
the world so then I'll break another
record hell yeah yeah congrats to him
because he's why I don't go to I'm
afraid of heights but I fly helicopter
that's how you concrete I will help you
do it after this I'm afraid to say a few
Florida Barrow can you join here it will
get a little will get a little high feel
it if you feel we're not gonna force you
only live once
come on luck you got your blood to
protect you you're gonna be good he's
gonna protect you look I have my friend
from the police department we've got
thousands of hours so you're doing some
of the best we've done this many many
times
come on let's go don't be scared so I
never flew actually a helicopter without
the doors this is gonna be special for
me so basically I was seatbelt on and
I'm yeah so yeah I was born ready for
this we're gonna have a lot of fun dude
I just want you to feel do go through
everything here how are you gonna cute
mom we're gonna have mom right there
looking at you and have the Hollywood
sign behind her miling smiling
it's gonna be awesome this is gonna be a
great experience
awesome experience think this dude
copter pilot right here you guys better
follow him on Instagram this is come to
the airport with flu and this was
amazing we're gonna do more projects
together this was just a vlog this was
just a test he says he says you're not
ready for what's coming back how was
your experience 90 you it was pretty
cool all the helicopters come with doors
I didn't know the thought I was gonna
take a tour around I didn't know this I
was terrified my hat flew off look at my
head no more villain hat so guys if
you're in LA go look around downtown hey
thanks man
awesome job thank you so much those
awesome thanks dude so yeah guys make
sure you go follow copter pilot show
some love let him know if it's our sent
you maybe get a hookup - okay guys so
dropped my mom off and I went to see
Jesse from prank vs. prank and we
chilled for a bit talked talked about
collabs what we're gonna do when I rent
a house in Malibu next week and show he
my rented I don't know I told him I
stayed with him by the beach found some
cool vlogs fly the drone I think would
be a great time to get away a little bit
and maybe do some pranks there in Malibu
on the beach I don't know
but ya driving home right now super
tired got court in the morning wish me
luck and yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow
thank you guys so much for watching and
yeah gotta go home edit this log go to
bed don't forget to give it a big thumbs
up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
let's see you done yet so yeah don't ask
me what happened but I got punched and
it sucks
yeah
