what's up villains I'm here with Tony
just got out to jail whoa whoa so yes
there was no vlog obviously you know why
there was no vlog I hope that explains I
streak the NBA my secret mission is
accomplished our secret mission we've
been working on this for a whole week
for you guys and the secret mission has
been accomplished and today he bails me
out he's like nothing white people hate
you because of Trump tell him what the
clerk did okay so the clerk was really
quiet and as soon as I give her the
money I was like hey uh take my card I'm
a rapper and I want to see if he can
maybe put me on YouTube guys a legend so
anyways that's why there was no vlog
yesterday I got arrested I've been in
this I it's 4 p.m. Eastern Time
I've been in jail since midnight last
night so what are we talking about 14
hours pretty much 14 hours slept feeling
great energized hungry those bologna
sandwiches nope not even one bite how to
start I didn't drink a simple water
since I got in so I'm ready I'm ready
anyways we're gonna go back to the hotel
Tony help me edit that video I'm gonna
go I'm gonna go check it out what he got
edited it's Tiffany Twitch's but if not
that videos already online of me
streaking the NBA Finals as you watching
just got back to the hotel room and we
are trending number one on Facebook this
is dope dope dope dope so I'm editing
the video with Tony here and should be
up in a bit
okay so I got the video live and we're
here in the hotel in this messy room
talking about how I broke two antennae
yesterday it was awesome thank you guys
for all your support and for the people
saying oh he's means views attention
whore blah blah know I started doing
YouTube because I like adrenaline I love
pranks and Tony you know what I'll let
you speak how how much did it bother me
they wouldn't go on Wednesday's game
like how much did it bother me was I
saying that I like I need to do so sad
you said you couldn't live the rest of
your life if you didn't do this you're
just like I can't do it I can't live my
life it's like I'd rather die if I don't
do this yeah it was like it would bother
me like I had chest pains like it was
hard to breathe like I need to do this
my mom says I need to go see a doctor
which I probably do it's maybe some kind
of a disease but I needed it out like
right now I'm like stress relieved so
anyways I'll really appreciate for all
the people that supported me through
this and Tony I told you guys haven't
been drinking in a long time like
probably not a long time what I'm
talking about a month maybe but because
I'm back I've been working out and yeah
but he says we are gonna do a little
champagne and tell them when you got
this you got this yesterday I got this
right before we did it because you know
we're gonna do it we were gonna get
arrested all that bullshit but at the
end of the day we weren't gonna open it
until he was back free out of jail and
you so you were so confident that I was
gonna do what label both work yeah
because there was no charity failure is
not an option let's write it back yeah
so let's have a glass I'm gonna have a
glass of champagne that's it and then
we're gonna go have dinner at Cleveland
in Cleveland somewhere in downtown we'll
see let's have a glass of champagne and
celebrate for another hint and oh we're
on
and by the way usually back in a day
vitaliy he would fly somewhere do
something or even film a video and then
he would go on this drinking spree in
another city but guess what our flight
is tomorrow super super super early and
we're out to back to LA cuz I gotta
shoot more videos for you guys already
got two days lined up tomorrow tomorrow
filming with Kong all day it's a
documentary that I've been talking about
you guys are gonna be amazed by it it's
gonna be like a drama I'm not gonna talk
a lot about it because you guys are
gonna see so upload upload upload upload
upload love you guys so Tony wants me to
open a bottle of champagne because you
say he doesn't know how to Tony you know
not to open the bottle of champagne okay
yeah I would say celebrating another
victory but it like I got arrested I'm
gonna pay the price for being arrested
don't don't try this at home or
different courts I guess I found my
niche streaking the World Cup and BA so
just want to take a course I just want
to take a sip with you guys some Tony
that I'm back officially back I know
instead of this many times
enjoy vlogging again I joined this
lovely comments that you guys give me
and I'm just gonna keep killing it man
the bloody lost five videos on the main
channel 5 4 videos this week on the main
channel Wow missed these days completely
missed this alright guys thanks Tony for
coming thanks for this
the fear is over thank you villains
Cheers and the guy was an idiot yeah it
was on the front page of the paper this
morning yeah with my image yeah yeah
yeah it's your picture at it
Cleveland till I died when Tony was
bailing me out he forgot his ID and I'm
sitting here waiting outside and I got
these awesome police officers there he's
every time I'm like yeah I'm like I
streak the things that was you and he
was at the game yesterday
cool cops there's cool cops and there's
not cool cops right no oh you don't want
it with me you just wanna get different
for it first no minister
there's something there's something
there I washed it with a sponge all
right because you're black he's white
ha ha ha not ya racist man hi guys so
this is one of the main streets
yesterday you couldn't even walk through
here while the game was playing that's
the stadium over there and this tree was
packed full of girls people drinking
game the energy was insane right yeah
well today today I think I need to get
laid the victory cumshot the Trump sucks
in LeBron LeBron for president he's
pretty cool man
now
we appreciate that we're going on an
adventure like the bike movie
we've got the club then I want to get I
wanted here for boombox really what
happened bro you broke the bike
cow
so it's a career morning and we missed
our flight to LAX by like one minute and
because I thought I lost my wallet but
it was my wallet I put in my bag some
house anyways we're in San Francisco
right now another flight leaves in like
five or six hours and yeah last night I
got pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty
pretty pretty crazy I don't remember it
well you don't remember it I remember it
all started I was trying to help him but
anyways yes I can't wait to get to LAX
kind of late for clown shoes so I'm
gonna have felt like five flat like five
or six hours to take a nap and you're
gonna feel amazing I'm super tired and I
got the middle seat again and the middle
seat is the most horrible seat on the
plane
why'd you sit yeah you filming yeah what
up guys I'm here with your boy Zaki and
I heard finger to being at eating you
can get it in this school is nice and
you better stay in school kids like
school you're gonna end up like me but
yeah so we here out here with my boys up
in sets up so we're here with my boys we
just chilling
your attention please the USO Center in
my
oh no I was up whoa okay I get it
I jump in pain hey is this does it is it
still there
no it's gone it's gone
oh shit deep fast that's always talked
about again boy here you go
how you doing how you feeling good
congratulations we're going home
can't wait words son time to move on so
this is actually the Korean day if
you're watching this guys this is today
we're gonna land out LAX and I'm headed
to Kong's place and I nobody knows
what's huge one is handle so you have to
come this I already go confused it's
easier to jump out of the plane just got
straight out of the plane land in LA and
we good yes yes yes who's here
what's up the energy is dead what's up
so we filming this documentary that I
was talking about look at this this is
serious I know they've been waiting up
three hours four hours late but I've
missed my flight this morning that's the
secret if I want but bye bye one minute
I supposed to learn at 9:00 in the
morning but anyways so we're shooting
this interview is gonna be pretty
awesome can't wait to share the story
that you guys don't know we'll know are
gonna shake the each of a little bit
just a little bit yeah I sure can use it
this is this is the part of Vitaly that
you guys have never heard about and he's
gonna be talking about some things that
he did in the past I don't know if you
want to tell them about that but let's
just let's just keep it up that you're
gonna be telling some things from the
past some deep straight on a shit out of
my heart so if you're crazy shooting
with Kong for my duck
yes sirs here it's your boy Eddie
everybody how are you guys doing we got
some kebab we came to get some kebab
this is our appetizer we're talking
we're planning a crazy week of shooting
damn look at that boy
so Eddie let's draw back all right
vitaliy always give a crap it says that
you talk talk talk so I put some money
on the table now if I wanted to cash 500
bucks cash that he convened rob dyrdek
in the next
and by me I mean me was going talk about
going on ridiculousness and jumping for
a walk with him living for you guys and
film with the fantasy crack again
alright it's a no brainer what's today
that what's the base day out there guys
villains I need a wings
it is Sunday that's why Sunday the
twelve all right so that my 26 afternoon
I'll buy the 26 you guys have to have an
amazing dyrdek slide or else I have to
give Batali $500 then on down that day
on that day and I look at your camera
and then if you do it I owe you five
hundred dollars in one that day on
camera all right so I just got home and
super tired let me talk a little bit
about on my arrest cuz I didn't talk
about it so I went to jail and guess why
they tried to charge me with the
resisting arrest actually charged me but
right before I got out of jail they
dropped it they're like the cameras will
prove it and then I was like sure I
started laughing I was like there's good
cups and there's bad cops like this
because why would I resist arrest
like I knew I'm gonna get arrested I
knew there's millions of cameras why
would I eat resist arrest so I was like
I need a resist so they tried to charge
me with that but it did charge me with
criminal trespassing the highest one so
I got to go back to Cleveland not to
court my court is actually since you're
watching this luggage tomorrow for the
Hollywood sign and damn I'm probably
gonna announcement on my Instagram I
don't know should I should I let the
fans come to the courthouse and then
call the news and make us into another
news story I don't know I wonder how
many people gonna show up probably not a
lot and I don't know anyways I'm home
filming an epic documentary for you guys
I'm been working non-stop feels great to
be back and I thank you guys so much for
all the love in the comments everything
everything give this vlog of big thumbs
up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks again for everything you guys are
awesome thank you thank you I'll see you
guys tomorrow
down here remember don't rip it don't do
anything huh
