what's up villains what a great way to
start the vlog crazy fans love my
villains love these boys some balls my
mom is hot that's nice baby got some
balls I love it I love it I don't know
how in the car driving he's like oh I
recognize your car so awesome so I'm
actually headed to collab with dude
Stiles haven't seen those guys in a long
time and there's something about dude
sons that I used to watch him in 2006
2006 we're in 2016 ten years ago I used
to watch him work one day I want to work
with these guys man like cuz I didn't
know I'm gonna do pranks at the time but
I know I wanted to do like stunts
jackass I was inspired by jackass that's
why I got into pranks and look at me ten
years later I'm working with them I'm
super excited and thankful and that this
is an example that dreams come true so
it's gonna be a fun day fun vlog crazy
vlog I should say these guys are crazy
you don't know what to expect from them
and they pranked me before I should get
him back I shouldn't get him back
dude Suns
Jojo no that's not a good energy yo yo
what's up Joey you guys know Joey he
worked in our movie producer that's
right here so this is office nice oh
there's a nerve in the year somewhere I
think this is what's gonna happen look
at Jarno he's got he's gonna he's got
great hands times look at they're not
shaky at all he's gonna do the hammering
he's better than me mom I'm sorry tell
me that this is through the year and
then just how deep all the way in then
we'll and why don't we go be that's why
I'm not Dave and what I'm gonna walk
with a brick in my head in my ear what
we're gonna be cool if you get nailed
that and I getting out the other side
don't rip it
it hurts it's going through your ear no
but once it once that once it goes
through my fool in my ear then that's it
the pain kind is not over but it's not
gonna it's gonna get worse fuck I'm
gonna have like options feed like a
fucking garlic or put the bass come on
now let's just leave it how you're gonna
be taking it out since our faces so we
got we got a saw it is a deuteron
challenge hammering a nail through the
year all right are you up for it yeah I
know look me in the eyes yeah are you up
for it beauties challenge of hammering
the nails of the edge yeah hell yeah now
I say yeah now I can't say no you did
that before right we do this we've done
it okay yeah we're done it we so you got
me that's what I'm saying you have no
scars yeah all day but barely any blood
right and unless we brief it you know
we're not ripping the fucking here and
here's the thing and then when you take
it out with you so when we take when
he's gonna yank it out let's leave the
the nail in the ear cuz it's gonna look
cool and then when you take it out
that's when the blood kind of comes out
because that's when you open the one
four five week for YouTube we can show
blood so we're gonna be paralyzes what
is that that's why your elopes what it
looks like I like the shirt I like this
shirt it's nice I should have wore a
chain too and missing something I never
had my ears pierced because my fear was
to do it took a hole in my ear and I'm
doing with a nail skinniest nail is this
all the same size how you feeling bro
I'm scared cuz I mean it's like a piece
of skiing but not coz when I was a
little kid my mom used to take me to
things to get needles all in my ears on
my hands for nerves you know where they
make you puncture
Yakub punchers yes like she's like do
you know that people stick needles to
make your vision and to like get your
brain so if you hit the wrong nerve
you're gonna go blind so I'm like God
great thanks for talking she's like I
did this five thousand times nothing's
gonna happen to you I always wanted to
do a stunt with dude Suns you wanna just
tell me dude sons here you go they offer
you something you can you can't
I gotta go and do it I wonder what the
neighbors are gonna say why don't I feel
the nail he's just gonna go straight
into like please feel the like that it's
touching me or remember don't rip it
don't do anything anywhere huh wait a
minute we got nailed
yo surveillance give us ideas what to
put is at the tube a tarantella a
cockroach a rat a spider a spy
no no I can't hold the spider you think
a spider is gonna go in my mouth
ah we already got an idea we should do a
tarantella
parent ah
tarantula oh yeah
three two one Wow three two one shit
dude Oh bad cuz it was there for so long
that it got stuck oh no I have no balls
to take it out you should nail it out
yeah okay let's go outside
oh why does you be mine can't leave oh
here's a living it up it up I'm gonna
slide it out
can I think no that's what you want to
take it no stop you really gotta pull it
out I barely got it but you know I guess
it stopped yeah no no I can do myself
Oh
let me see the hole
oh well that hurts oh that hurts that's
awesome alright guys tomorrow yeah they
watching mr. close-up yes thanks thanks
guys
awesome challenge thanks for nailing me
again I don't need to get laid I don't
know I don't need to get laid tonight
thanks guys
so my ears feeling good just got home
had a killer workout got home we ate me
and Tony and I brought my mom something
this is what we eat these are just fish
just three types of fishes just fish you
ready for some protein yeah are you
ready for the big day tomorrow
nobody knows what I'm doing because this
logs gonna be up in the morning I'm
doing secret missions continuous I'm
doing something in California and there
are no when I'm doing California you
think I climbed the Hollywood you don't
understand what I'm doing tomorrow in
Harlem no okay guys thank you so much
for watching this vlog yeah crazy day my
ear is fine
every evening my use fine coming yes
okay okay if she says okay it's okay
I always guys I'll see you guys tomorrow
I'm on a secret mission
once again you probably find out
tomorrow or after tomorrow and don't
forget it thumbs up this walk washed in
your prank and I'll see you guys
tomorrow this is your dining how many
times have you been arrested I would say
probably about like nine I think the
holiday would one was ten yeah it's
crazy kids don't get arrested
