what's up villains how are you hopefully
your days doing great doing great green
guarding third grade my broken English
anyways I am uh it's a little different
today for me for breakfast I'm headed to
spot for us ie
Xie I say e Bo whatever it's a protein
bowl cuz I didn't want to eat breakfast
at home I don't want to eat no more egg
whites I don't want to eat no more
oatmeal I don't want to I just I just
want to switch off my breakfast so I'm
going out for breakfast and coming back
and working on some emails catching up
setting up some collabs for you guys
because this is gonna be fun a lot of
fun this summer's gonna be fun I don't
want to go out like I told you in the
previous vlog like I told you in a
previous vlog I want to travel anywhere
I want to just focus on doing my YouTube
and just keep knocking out videos now
for a month hopefully vs a month just
feeding guys content so I'm headed to
get a nice breakfast bowl I'll show you
guys this place that Logan Paul
introduced me to it's pretty awesome and
really good so that's how my day started
nothing nothing new Bam Bam Bam this is
exactly what I was talking about look at
that 750 calories extra protein that's
right this place is this shit okay guys
so I didn't do that much today because
of the previous long bitch you saw I'm
on a secret mission so I had to do a lot
so uh but check out my awesome workout
pants I'm headed to the gym like always
every day no no excuses anymore I
haven't been drinking in a long time by
the way guys so pretty sober and I'm
headed to the gym I'm gonna work out by
myself today and I want to let you know
how this secret mission goes so yeah
we're gonna say kill the gym kill the
biceps and back on a secret mission I'm
up to something people mm-hmm
can't reveal it in the vlog it might be
a huge fail and it might be a huge
success but failure and life is not an
option so for that I'm gonna succeed
succeed succeed and also tell me in the
comments below who's going to VidCon so
right now is the Korean day I didn't
finish the vlog yesterday I went to
sleep because I'm on a secret mission of
you guys probably what the hell is a
secret mission don't worry about it you
guys will know later but so I decided to
do Q&A because I told you guys I'm back
and I want to be uploading every day I
don't want to leave you guys hanging in
without a vlog so I'm about to do Q&A
and well I'm actually already tweeted
out of the question so I'm about to read
some questions and answer them for you
as today's vlog but tomorrow which if I
mean tomorrow's vlog which is today's
after it's gonna be awesome I'm actually
gonna go collab with dude Suns right now
so you know they're always fun will you
ever go on a date with my friend sure
why not if she's paying for dinner why
not oh she's a food digger I gotta buy
her dinner how do you come up with the
prints you do I come up with the pranks
by like I'm in bed before I go to sleep
oh this is an awesome idea I'm gonna go
film that so I just go and film it and
just whatever comes in my head I gotta
be outdoors you know watching things
different scenarios movies and you just
come up with oh I can turn this into a
prank will you come to UK any time soon
I've been trying to go to London for a
while now and yes I would love to a
thing I should be there soon if I'm
gonna go to Amsterdam why not stop by
London right how much more difficult is
it becoming to prank since you're
getting recognized so much I'll tell you
what a lot harder yes it's uh much much
more harder to prank right now because
everywhere you go you get recognized
it's not saying it's a bad thing but
it's just harder now I got a target the
age between like twenty and thirty if I
go no actually I mean twenty and thirty
is gonna recognize me like over thirty
maybe but a year up I mean Europe a lot
of people know me in Europe I guess I
have a big audience but I'm probably
gonna get away better than in America
how many times have you been arrested I
would say probably about like nine I
think the Hollywood one was ten
that's crazy kids don't get arrested
will you ever get a lamborghini uh it's
a nice scar
it's a nice little shelf car but is it
worth it the money like rather invest
then get a Lamborghini I mean if I have
a extra pocket money sure why not
Lambos are awesome you don't have to
talk to chicks what was your job before
starting Egypt career well I was a
busboy waiter junkman handyman back in
my mom carpet for five bucks
that's the documentary that's coming out
about me in probably two weeks you guys
will know everything about my childhood
and about my life and how I became an
immigrant in America what's the plan
about natural born pranksters and our
filming number two I think we got a
green light most likely 90% of sure
green light for number two I don't know
when we're gonna go in pre-production
but I want to thank everybody who
watched the movie natural born
pranksters thank you thank you thank you
and as soon as I know that information
I'll let you guys know we'll ever come
to Australia oh I want to go so bad and
ice what's 16 or 18 hour flight can't
wait yes yes yes yes yes mate yes I want
to go are you ever gonna go skydiving
of course I'm actually gonna get my
license to jump by myself I already
wanted to buy but I was attached to
somebody but now I'm gonna go and take
classes to jump by myself and you guys
are gonna follow with me along because
I'm gonna be blogging every day anyways
this is a short Q&A guys thank you so
much for watching this video I promise
you tomorrow is gonna be a very
entertaining vlog because I'm actually
late to go film with the dudes on so
thank you guys love you don't forget to
thumbs up this vlog or Q&A and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
the Suganya
I've got it
