ten-four copy that 69 yep we are
yep we're in the way now so we got a
possible call right now this time it's
not a homo side this tie is gonna be a
call about it guy that raped his dog I
don't know how to explain this but the
guy literally raped his dog and
apparently a dog called the cops because
the owner didn't use Lube
so right now we're on the way to figure
out why you couldn't buy the loop and
what the hell happened because the dog
apparently still bleeding and under
surveillance cameras and this is a
really really hectic call because when
at this job you don't know what to do if
what the dog dies I'm responsible for it
and but if the guy survives I'm gonna
have to fuck him just like you don't
know which one is which so we're right
now we're in the way we're kind of late
my input sirens on
what up villains
what I brought up another day except
Tony and we're headed to Venice Beach on
set around well made me Venice Beach
today we're filming a prank with a
police uniform outfit and I'm gonna try
to upload this spring today as you
watching hopefully I finish it today but
if I don't I don't want to give you an
idea so we're headed there right now
a lot of improv old-school Italian what
you guys like I love the cop police
uniforms because you feel like a king on
it you tell anybody what to do and
they'll do it and I love it I love it so
we're gonna film a lot of fun stuff I'm
gonna keep this uniform for a couple
days because I actually want to do some
more stuff with it later in the week
it feels good to be back making videos I
don't think I'm gonna do any traveling
anytime soon because I want to do these
videos might be going to Amsterdam but
not for fun not for pleasure it's gonna
be a big collab
I'm collabing with somebody it's a big
secret working on my visa once again you
know these Russian passports you don't
you need a visa everywhere you go it's
insane everybody's lucky everyone's
lookin like fuck there's a cop behind
see this uniform is scared because you
don't know if you're gonna get shot
because everybody kind of feel like
hates police and another node
everybody's scared of you
you feel like you're in control of
everything so it's like you don't know
so I've been here only for five minutes
how many pictures Toni probably over ten
pictures like class back-to-back ain't
even prank anybody this is insane
nothing like I don't like it but it's
awesome here today did you fuck the dog
what no I'm serious how many penetrated
dog without lubricant was that you it's
a serious question here let me ask one
second ask your mom
did I did you hear me do anything
unlawfully to an animal
yes but the area I'm in there is plenty
of people that may have really yeah
what's the one the last time you fucked
a dog mom mom oh yes
officer hitch up when the last time your
son penetrated a dog he never penetrated
a dog ok well the record doesn't show
that his test became positive and looks
like it's a China Familia which means my
coat under my balls three times four is
that he is a statue breaking the law
right now so your son's gonna have to go
in and drop the soap for what you're
walking too flamboyant yes so what's up
with that what's up what's up what's up
you I'll be all right
I'm good how big is your dick
huh what's average for you six and a
half what if I make it seven by
stretching out with my teeth oh really
well you're kind of cute so you better
be careful because cops like us here we
penetrate and nobody will find your
family
Nigeria supposed to be chasing me what
go just three two one go but we just
finished the video amazing reactions the
last lady was completely insane
and tried to give him the $20 she don't
want to take it I'm like here's the $20
you're getting a ticket by getting money
but anyways you remember that guy that
has stuff for being flamboyant he asked
for my number and usually I give fake
numbers especially if it's guys I give
my number but actually there was real I
get a text hey it's Michael smiley face
what's your name boo Wow I played myself
never play yourself back again at the
gym with the boys with up Logan what's
up Papa
I would breathe Ron breathe first no you
don't think you can get around be a man
I've got it
just till the killer workout with Tony
now we hear both Sonova getting two
boneless chickens grilled edges and
beans after uh such a great workout you
gotta eat healthy especially tomorrow's
a big day
instead of inside I won't say the single
- you can't talk right now but uh yeah
I'm gonna edit this video when I get
home and the vlog and get it for you
guys tomorrow so if you're watching this
domain name from the main Channel video
if you're watching this the main Channel
video is live and I'm on to the next
prank I don't know maybe this six months
that from January to June I didn't
upload but I'm gonna upload a lot these
last this next six months maybe I
shouldn't talk I'll let you yeah let's
talk you more action right it's all
right
so I could have finished the vlog last
night because I will tell you actually
maybe from two or three vlogs from now
on you can ask me even later in the
comments why and finish the vlog it's a
super super top secret I got super tired
because I was doing something but I was
doing something for my YouTube channel
and I'm sure it's gonna amaze you guys
so I'll let you know why I didn't end
the vlog but as far as that thank you
guys for watching the new prank is now
up I love you guys and yeah thanks for
all your support please give it a thumbs
up with this vlog and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
that's me Tanya
