what are you doing dude you're broke
oh you vlogging is that a vlog
what's up villains hey what's up I'm
back so I was sitting at the traffic
light actually LA traffic I should say
I'm so happy that you guys are happy
like comment by me lo on Twitter Marco
me low five I think I'm dreaming right
now what a happy day
welcome back um it was awesome it's like
meeting your best friend after you
haven't seen him for a year watched it
twice so happy you're back by Barbara
lap Sheena love Sheena I hope I said it
good I want to go to the courthouse is
my spirit alleys my spirit animal oh man
I'm so happy right now to be back and
seeing that people are happy that I'm
back and it really inspires me to give
you guys more contact comments like this
I live for so I really appreciate you
and as far as the hater comments they're
like okay cool we probably sitting in
your basement commenting shit because
your life freakin sucks and yeah I'm
still a virgin and I'm still like Bob I
know I'm bragging probably a lot about
it but for me too insane to put it off
my bucket list that I climbed the D the
Hollywood sign from here it was a
nervous honestly guys if I fell I would
have been like a dead potato this is
just mind-blowing that uh I was on top
of the deep
Wow warning do not try this at home
Oh vitaliy so cool he can to hold the
camera anymore it that's what they said
at yesterday's log the guy's hilarious
yes I can't he just likes to film when I
don't mean ask which i think is the best
right when you don't know where he just
fills me when I don't know that I'm
getting film or I do but it just comes
out more natural than me picking up the
camera well it is that trunk because I'm
being me yeah I guess he's talking to
himself that's pretty cool too so
anyways we're about to go to the hollow
with toys and costume for my new prank
tomorrow
they were about to film my favorite
store if you want to get anything here
this is the best one because we can do
anything so how cool would it be 500 to
vlog in the morning and the video at
night what do you guys think you guys
work yeah that's too much work from
telly no it's not I'm back but it will
be cool what do you guys think any ideas
what I can do is some more hitman videos
or what so I want to do that and okay I
wanted to dive and
and and yeah like it into use interviews
with girls which you guys and that's
like on the old-school Batali typo we're
gonna lay down on the beach and vlog in
the morning video at night and then a
main Channel video whoo
me KEK flip bro what's up give me a kick
flip kick club so Oh talking to me
tailslide
Smith tre flip out we got three double
before i it√µs gonna start grab my stuff
but you know what I'm getting guys
fajitas double chicken and peas no corn
Ong
are you
just got with Kong and Jess you look at
Jessie what's up Jess you haven't seen
you guys in the wild no look at the
Sasquatch why is it so dirty Doh it's
great here's no it's not a gray hair
like is it supposed to be like this on
the neck how's that dirt like are you
going for this fuck dude yes dirty I
don't know see because I mean dat looks
dirty
oh you're for your Indian upper gosh
should we remember into the podcast or
whatever the tea with a bottle before
head so anyways we're gonna be working
on the big video that they're gonna help
me are actually collaborating on yeah
and a big project behind this video so
you will see this video actually right
before VidCon - oh yeah and your boys
going to VidCon uh I don't want to knock
anybody out but I might who are you
gonna knock out until you can we talk
just imagine the fucking airbag came out
when I hit it if I hit this of the
airbag came out oh my god
anyways just left a meeting with Kong
just left the meeting doesn't that's
basically saying the cops are on an area
I love this radar headed to the gym
right now and the meeting with Kong was
absolutely phenomenal Tony what do you
think okay
a man behind the camera never speaks
I'll be a care
anyways we're working I'm working on
something special for you guys that you
never seen before it's not a prank video
it's a answers all your questions and
why video on Who I am you guys think I'm
a crazy pranksters all this this is
gonna be a very good mini documentary
that you guys get not gonna say anything
it's a surprise surprise get away poison
always poison I feel so bad I'm alive of
alive am i right there whoa protein
don't you by the way you never skip leg
day today is a leg day don't you
keys fall between the seat or your phone
it's the most annoying thing in the
world this is heavy and that is my
personal trainer
thank you that before
to you Sean how you spot me on the squad
I show
oh yeah
or
I gotta spot her go
and this is my new workout buddy when
you have a girl it's kind of it's gonna
hard because you can do the weights we
do so you got to follow her lead and of
sucks
okay can you
show me some of these you can
issues my camera shot alright my trainer
is Mike
Oh
okay
not getting old
this is either you love it
by anyway look at who's here
Logan we're going to create the ad
circuits because workouts don't stop
I've got to get big got to get rip
summer I was going to say summer is
coming up it is summer 16 so
yeah
you want relax go to work
stuff
back killing back Loehmann's gonna take
cold early through it alright now you're
putting me through it we're both winning
each other through it easy one-arm
Mondays
what do we do
add another 25 another one another why
not let's see let's see 8
he's going bonus bonus round dude
this is how it worked when I was eating
that this is nudists talking earlier
we're gonna be right now if I was by
myself oh good day this is how we're
taught I want then I wanted to be 14
right now in the left how many want to
see it 14 14 how many was that without
that was it that was a cool that was a
cool 15 15 I take it on the left
alright I better set habit of summer 16
Oh funny guy summer 16 let's go why not
ten
40 50 60 big beasts I look crazy
just left the gym dropped everybody off
while everybody Tony cuz only have one
seat I can't wait to switch from this
car and uh yeah but I don't want to
switch from the skirt cuz it's so loud
and nice but then I don't know anyway so
I'm headed home right now gonna drink a
protein shake edit this vlog pass out
but I've been going to the gym everyday
like crazy like a crazy human animal
being but I love the response on my
first vlog coming back I loved all the
comments he's back because it needs the
money yeah because if I needed the money
I'll be uploading every day I wouldn't
ever want would ever take a break but so
anyways it feels good to be back
vlogging again the addictions real see
your comments makes me want to do it
again and yeah I can't believe I'd even
say da svidaniya yesterday's vlog how
rude right so I'm gonna update you later
because I'm driving right now what's
been going on in my life I'll tell you
guys after this so usually when I come
home take a half a banana if it's
special at this time just take a half
half well that didn't work out well and
Cynthia six chocolate peanut butter the
best little focus chocolate peanut
butter the best mix it in when it's at
10:30 at night I just make sure didn't
drink it and lets it why do you turn a
few because you got a Kimmy vlog while
deciding you turn off TV you want to
pick up the camera
no I know but you don't have to I don't
know let me see what's up hey did you
like yesterday's vlog yes mm-hm well
today's vlog but you know tomorrow's
gonna be yesterday mm-hmm so you're
thinking yeah well I missed this pretty
cool people actually care people
actually care there's people like sure
they're waiting and stuff that's good so
what do you think about all the fans
coming June 15 to the chord yeah well
anyways how the dogs are still okay
alive everything's great everything's
homey everything's home eg slides oh and
by the way where I'm moving out of this
house soon and yeah so I'm you're
looking for a new place
Yeah right what super tired it's about
to be midnight just wanted to let you
guys know what I've been up to and after
I've finished natural born pranksters
one on tour thank you guys for all the
amazing numbers I think we got a green
light for number two we are I got
another future film with Logan Paul and
it was amazing I played a true villain
like a villain I can't wait till comes
out it's gonna be crazy
I kill people it should be best comedy
ever there's gonna be a lot of big
actors a lot of big big social media
people and somebody because this
movement you know just like another bug
yeah so basically the message behind
this is when I first started you before
I started YouTube my dream was to move
to LA and be in movies and now I'm
filming a second feature film and
possibly I'm gonna be filming a third
movie I'm talking to the director and
the writers right now and this is just
insane blows my mind that dreams come
true if you believe in them they're
really gonna come true I'm not different
than you oh and also I've been working
in that show for two years about the
Italian censored it King be on YouTube
cannot cannot be on YouTube I cannot
wait till it comes out to show you guys
you guys are going to be mind-blowing
with that videos with those pranks that
I did it's cold on censor for a reason
and also I believe in 22nd I'm not gonna
promise you two dates but on June 22nd
I'm gonna release this video that talks
about my whole life it's a documentary
and I think gonna be really amazed by it
and really know the true vitaliy that I
am and that should be dropping a 22nd
the day before VidCon so I'm working on
that right now with Kong and Jesse from
simple pickup but another note I'll see
you guys tomorrow thank you for watching
this vlog and thanks for accepting me
back you guys are the best you really
are and yeah I just really miss doing
YouTube this is where I started
screw everything else all the side
probably well all the side projects I'll
take them if they're good because that
wouldn't happen without you guys but
yeah I'm just happy to be back and get
actually personal and read your comments
thank you guys I'll see you tomorrow
don't forget to thumbs up this video and
the Soudan yeah let's see Tanya dos V
Dania Tony's stop take it out the gun
dude you're scaring people
