what a villains welcome to another vlog
whoo howdy whoo oh we made it to
beautiful Boca Raton Florida where I was
going to say born and raised where I was
raised
this is a restaurant that I worked for
probably like seven years velocity
Italian restaurant this is where it all
started this is right here where I got
fired and I said a quick YouTube I have
3,000 subscribers I have not been so
excited to come back to Miami because
usually when I come back to Miami a
party we decided there's any balance not
just a party we are going to make some
dope-ass content I have so many prank
ideas old school prank ideas where it
all started I want to just reimburse we
smell refreshment of Miami of this
beautiful weather look look look at
those glasses
people are like a kid thank you
seriously
exited us anyways villain we're going to
start with Starbucks a little coffee as
I'm going to rent the car just to make
it a sell Beach but we should be
expecting to get a maybe a Lambo or
Ferrari or something for the week I'm
not going to get it too excited but
let's go and check it out Tony that
wasn't easy tell them your process what
happens because of the drone so Tony
brought my drone to to Florida and what
happened you missed your flight I was
being polite I was being a nice person
and let's not really couple go ahead of
me I waited in line for 40 minutes when
I get a check in my bag four minutes
late because I would I'm surprised
you're not mad at me because I made you
take my drone ever so instead of being
here last night at 9:00 p.m. I didn't
get here for Sam's 40 in the morning 23
hours later because of four minutes all
right guys so we just made it to Miami
and it filled Sunshine State I filled
with some soaking up those veins which
way that way of totally we made it I'm
back oh we're back so we're going to get
a few props for the pranks and there's
so many pranks that I want to do in
Miami for the main channel I actually
starting starting tomorrow I want to be
uploading every day for the main channel
but you know it sounds like a rose if I
don't promise no I'm not promising I
want to I said I want to I'm going to
try as much like
no-limit I should employ one son every
Sunday like those ideas that anyways I
don't know what to expect in Miami right
now because how the beach is going to be
like I want to vlog want to provide off
the vlogs awesome management ideas just
can't do now you know what I just need
to film as much as I can that's it you
know I have a FOMO like I'm gonna be on
one spot of the beach but I fear of
missing out what's going on with it yeah
like Mike's like that like what is she
doing right now why I'm not with her but
I'm like like that that runs through my
brain is that a disease look how nice is
look look how beautiful look how talking
about my face oh oh wow whoa let's go so
right now we didn't taking a breather
right now we're just walking and I was
going to be sucking ah soaking
everything in seems amazing listen do
you think the background looks fake
really it looks so nice
this is still on though you gotta take
off the shirt what are you doing
the fuck hello
how does the black girl back chocolate I
thought I'm going to go I could have got
higher this picture does okay guys so
we're taking a little break
you guys wondering if it's the new prep
yes they do and then if you're wondering
what I'm doing here
Shum Shum closed with all their golden
trophy see what this is this is a wind
protector for this camera I'm going to
get a new camera tonight because the
shutter speed or whatever it's cold goes
down at night and click it's like slope
right is a shutter speed going slow so
I'm going to do the inner turkey jerky
and it goes like this yeah yeah because
I want you to vlog city quality for the
next well so the next until I vlog about
Miami blog can slip off boy I'm a
ridiculous ticket guy in Miami what's
wrong what would you ask me as a
question what would I what I said so if
you saw yourself getting a ticket from
you wearing this how would you react
I'll be like get the fuck away from me
motherfucker who the fuck are you
missile glasses plot people are so
gullible you will see a power of an
orange shirt a paper
and event yeah they're right here so I'm
going to give you guys a ticket for
hanging shit on my tree ha I know you're
hot and you can do the splits and stuff
let go let go Pony company I'm going to
eat chef Tony I mean shit that was easy
alright so we out here putting in work
putting in work man Tony on the cam
Tony's helping me out big time
thank you Tony bro we're getting some
good reaction it's going to be a good
ridiculous ticket guy actually if you're
probably watching this vlog not probably
if you're watching this vlog right now
the main channel video is up go check it
out go give me a like go give me
everything go freakin favorite give it a
5 stars is that straight oh yeah for
what cuz you drinking alcohol on the
beach huh prove it there's many meet you
you know what juice this is juicy too we
out here valuate 3 or 5 they're wasted
they're ways to be
this is a quick little break raw that
guys you know what's funny those guys
are like Yamanaka Jana Jana and I gather
all right guys quiet and if you always
knock them out the quiet guy always wins
the one that doesn't say anything always
nice you out yeah I guys like I'm a
human I'm like wow oh that's a great
example for the for the prank world when
people like I'm gonna fuckin - you're
just like that guy right there like yeah
sorry I couldn't keep going but he was
like you you just started talking yeah
yeah she didn't have a good question
is there anywhere much for a breakfast
miss Ella I mean your booty yeah what's
up man oh my god do you see that that's
an earthquake right there and it's
shaking eyes it moving guys it's a wild
life right there pal folks and yes I am
one of those screws that films an ass a
time later and all this fuckin guy rode
yeah hook me I'm telling you Gandhi yeah
run to those girls good you don't know
who that guy is
do it do it do it do it dude oh this is
Reba superweeds we was on the street we
parked illegally just oh my god this is
crazy I can't remember
oh sorry thanks bro legacies video
pleasures or anything you want bro
anything you know I'm with a Sally
Reynolds why you may be doing food speak
really good but okay tomorrow this is my
friend Miss ally Cali Oh Brava
oh shit I got her Canada will give you
yeah what's your name where you from
why are you walking around like this
back and forth oh they're like oh you're
not getting back in I'm kidding it's a
joke but now I want to take a picture
with you and the snake is we're missing
a bootlace Miami it's hot it's snakes
wild and the booty right yeah I don't
even got it at night right yeah I know
but we want the pumps too so we're going
to the rear do the photo shoot if you
don't mind boy all right here
it's right here no let's do the same one
for you
yellow boyfriend so they all say spring
break
whatever happens in Miami season YouTube
those I'm here I feel yourself down so
this is how normal people eat with
knives and forks
I'm on a steak and eggs is completion
you guys got some Bahama you're going to
be so ripped
eggs eggs and steak why I doesn't work
this alia I tell you one second
you don't have any carbs I don't use
vegetable fat burn fat you're not gonna
have any carbs your body's going to go
with a SHOP full of completion mode and
then the car burning just stored carbon
that you brought me mine being better
one out of that I didn't have to not get
it out I would have to dry out of state
so all the oil
you again want to be a savage you want
results to be why either you're big
because I want result as ie result okay
and I've always going to be with a
hotter girl I'm kind of the beautiful in
here come after the girl vote
immediately a man which way no way I
what a first great day in Miami and
we're driving back to bulk up I think
starting tomorrow's I'm going to stay in
North Miami for a couple days I'm going
to switch to completely South Beach as
you guys all not wiring or on and on I'm
leaving the party for me for the last
couple days because right now focus
fills I mean where would it be red but
for hit on the hall about that song you
guys know know if you guys want to know
what's going on I've guided back an hour
an hour each week tomorrow is also be
getting an exotic car no promises not
going to say anything we'll see about
that and what else is going to work auto
market bars good being back home
so multiple vias and remembering where
it all started and preciate it
pretty cool and I an Miami a lot of
chocolate said were intimate linen.i
things although Anil is like all the
crazy EDM girls are coming next week for
ultra and everyone here I have one
another down a level
oh I I opened them I open the vlog as I
open the vlog for a joke with those
glasses I mean actually wear them all
day there fell apart sorry Paul
they fell apart completely I was walking
to the living so um I think I'm gonna
buy a couple more well first of all I'm
gonna buy poles because a broke is but
what do you guys think about the look
question of the day with those glasses
and going just like but honestly yeah
some say looks silly some give me some
people give me compliments favorite pair
of glasses but the only thing they were
distracting we mean to a restaurant
because you say nice glasses come back
come come eat you like many glasses let
me walk by why do you think you're going
to sneeze like stop all nine glasses oh
stop look how hot the actors are girl
stop this I was as a hey come house it
was like a routine it no but for real
those brought some the singers old goofy
and oh hi guys so we just got back to
Boca Raton Florida and Jim is closing
students so we don't have time to put in
the water and like let it evaporate
whatever so you be a savage stream to my
V and I'll since 8 a.m. it's 10:00 p.m.
currently 8 a.m. filming in a hot song
change it was time to edit but I was
like there's no finishing a day without
the trim so now I'm here and up to the
gym I'm editing this vlog but I'm going
to show you a couple
thousand guys to do among some of you
love when I workout
bitch
competitors
after such a killer day I passed out
that workout completely ended me woke up
edit this vlog and I just wanted to say
thank you guys so much for watching
main channel video is up the link is in
the description please give this vlog a
big thumbs up let me know if you guys
enjoyed the first day of Miami vlogs
what do you want to see more of course
you probably gonna fit booty but for
real let me know spring break 2017 Miami
come back tomorrow for another epic vlog
and once again thank you so much for
watching give the slug a big thumbs up
and I'll see you tomorrow
so cerdanya
