we begin with breaking news a man has
climbed the Hollywood sign good evening
I'm Michael
over and I'm chair Calvin we've seen him
waving a white flag that says I'm back
there it is
ZTV as he is known came down on his own
and back apparently into another
familiar spot police custody
villains missed me they really missed me
the villains and I have to show him who
is back and actually born pranksters
nothing can stop us
I'm back guys and I haven't loved in a
while because the reasons are I got
burnt out I really got burned out
truthfully burnt out and I've been
working outside of YouTube a lot
I just finished another feature of film
thanks to you because I would never do a
movie if it wasn't for you second of all
I've been working on the Italian
censored show that you guys gonna see
that soon later and I just been working
on a lot of stuff outside of YouTube and
I'm from the bottom of my heart thinking
you because without the fans that
support me I wouldn't be able to do this
so thank you so now I'm back I came out
with a banger that says I'm back in a
big way so I'm now I'm gonna be
uploading main channel videos and this
channel is also gonna be active it's
either vlogs and interviews behind the
scenes I'm just gonna keep this channel
alive so don't expect daily vlogs I
hadn't want to try they leave logs but I
don't want to promise anything but
definitely two to three videos a week
that's for sure and I just been a living
a healthy lifestyle been working out
everything's great
I miss you guys reading your comments
again made me alive and when I haven't
been uploading on this channel
truthfully truthfully I was depressed
and now it makes me feel good to pick up
the camera again to start editing again
and be back on YouTube where it started
so for that I'm thanking you and yeah
I'm just gonna start to vlog again and
hopefully you guys enjoy oh by the way
for that arrest video my coordinators
June 15th so I had a great idea what
about all the people that live in LA
come June 15 outside of that courthouse
and protest free vitaliy or whatever
just makes science just just go nuts on
the courthouse then use probably gonna
come out why not
we're the villains we cause chaos that's
what we're known for so be awesome to
see you guys let me know if some of you
would come I'll give you more
information about that later in the
vlogs but let me know if you're from LA
and you want to come anyways give this
video a thumbs up for Batali's back yay
Hey look at this that's Tony on the
camera
so Tony just got so Tony just got to my
house and we're headed to Venice Beach
and I usually hate my top down he's like
no it's a beautiful day out top down so
we are headed to Venice Beach because
it's alleys back and I miss you guys as
I told you and
yeah fresh ideas fresh new brain fresh
mentality
my comic my car Sam you asked for it
everyone's a little scared to get it
again it's good it's good
no it just sounds like you're shooting
somebody
okay so on the way to Venice Beach and
we drove through Santa Monica and the
traffic you're just completely insane
the roads are closed for some reason the
PCH I would say so we were trying to get
on PCH and make a left to go to Venice
and completely didn't work this police
everywhere I don't know if it's what it
is but it's pretty crazy it's so weird
to vlog again to hold the camera in
front of my face and remind myself oh I
got to pick up the camera and vlog
all right these are my boys all the
videos you see me filming in Venice
Beach this is the parking lot a park
expensive 20 bucks hold a while guess
you pay the price
living in Cali bad Parker bad Parker
that's what she said
Purvis I said before we do a prank I
usually like to walk around for for 30
minutes now my excuse will just get a
fruit salad you know just to eat till
sometime and for the frame that I'm
doing right now I need to be getting
recognized so let's see if I'm gonna get
recognized just walking to get us out
so since today's video didn't work out
for the main channel there's always
tomorrow tomorrow way to fill right Tony
yes for filming tomorrow but I'm sure
you guys want to know that if I still
work out I do every single day and my
pre-workout is c4 and now this is not a
grand deal and my friend showed me the
way to take you I like mix it in there
but why don't you sit in there when you
do that bro your face is gonna burst no
you gotta let me see you yeah
oh my god are you crying
anyways me and Tony about to laugh about
to the shoulders
great to have you guys come with us now
and yeah damn I missed this you know
what I truly missed this I'm sorry once
again
I'm sorry call me weak or what
to get somewhere in life we have to take
steps so myself
325's on the side whatever that makes
music smith's-machine to control my
powers
maybe should it be this guy
all the way
nothing can stop me I'm all the way up
on that dish perfect it's tough
you're on the D the Hollywood D I think
you're just on the deep bro
oh that too nothing comes overnight guys
Tony's stopped taking out the gun dude
you're scaring people
it's beautiful right now and the
lighting is on point
juicy
it's our hope the next customer buzz oh
no you telling me I got Frank no no no
damn bro shut up this guy what's your
name at what Twitter at one all right
Twitter I've Carlos I was gonna pay the
guy he's like no it's fine he was like
it's all I'm like what they're not are
just for the looks of each other to say
told I think I pranked myself as I told
you I'm gonna do two to three vlogs a
week but if I do them every day and I
have nothing to do you guys want to just
see me out
you guys already said yes I don't know
why I'm asking again but like let's say
just have nothing to do on Netflix and
chilling with Tony do you want to see
the circle jerk or fish you like same
block hammer
these villains this is they like my
videos I don't know they like in that
but you have the same camera
he can't stop smiling you phone case
because this is like the third iPhone in
the mom and I'm not spoiled it's a long
story
old iPhone the cops took it by the way
if you didn't see the GoPro footage you
didn't see the vlog footage from the
Hollywood sign I should say when I found
on the ID it's because they took
everything I had so I have to use mine
yeah I have to get a new one you like
climbing the deep do I like climbing the
be just playing in the car right now
it's playing in the car yeah
how did you really mean it you gotta go
No
I'm getting coffee because they killed
appetite we really haven't ate it fully
fun yeah 45 minutes and I'm starving
are you starving it's crazy you ready to
eat some more great coffee I thought it
was for red said you drink is getting
from a yoke on so what you think about
my me climbing of that G oh dude I saw
that on the news
vitaliy climbs the deed and with the
flag on bag I'm back those we began we
will blogging again right it's my first
vlog since I'm back so we'll see how to
use the community to respond this is
Nick and today he's gonna give me a free
oh hey all right guys thank you so much
for watching this video I hope you guys
enjoyed there's gonna be a lot of fun
things coming up this summer and once
again don't forget to let me know if you
want to come June 15 to the court in Los
Angeles thank you guys thank you thank
you so much don't forget to give this
video a big thumbs up I miss you I truly
love you
and I'll see you guys tomorrow tomorrow
not in two months yet tomorrow as a
Youtube prankster moments ago climbed to
the top of the Hollywood sign he is now
standing in handcuffs he is in custody
under arrest our coverage continues on
the other side
