what's up fellas what's going on I'm
here with Eddie I'm sure you miss Eddie
Eddie Eddie yeah so so much you're gone
so much is going on so much is going on
I don't even know where to start this
vlog just so much stuff of my life so
I'm actually we're getting an offer
right now to go to Dubai so we might do
that Steve Aoki just went to Dubai and
he invited me to go to Dubai with him I
said sorry I can't I got work to do so
I'm gonna set him up with all that all
the little princes shakes and all those
guys Sultana and everybody but on the
other note what are we doing we are
we're gonna go eat some Mediterranean
food and by the way guys you guys that
killed it would lift if you guys want
fifty dollars of free rides go download
lifts you want 50 dollars in free lift
download lift and put villain I'm
serious they'll put this you'll get 50
bucks three rides I know serious for
live yeah $50 a seat she's gonna do it
you should do it - we got the promoted
at once I think we got like 5,000
downloads we just keep killing it what
did the CEO of live culture yeah even
early he literally call it want to see
the snapchat yes if italic is send it to
him yeah I only promoted through
snapchat so guys don't drink and drive
download it 50 bucks lyft is so cheap
cheaper than the uber does 50 bucks will
last you like a week full of rides so go
enjoy the link is in the description
the code is Dylan yo what is going where
did you bring me beautiful my Caesars
meeting place about how come yours is
bigger than my that's what she said
what's up wait oh I just really have
three mills coming out and taken four
children really she's my nurse oh this
is a video how are you guys
so this up this beautiful lady here she
doesn't know me but she wanted to take a
picture with me because those ladies
took a picture and she says my daughter
is hot so basically she show me a
picture fatality fatality
let's see how hard her daughter is I'm
pretty sure she's beautiful so her
daughter
oh wow nice I tell her to hit me up on
the low-low tell her the slide in this
DM tell her to DM e slide into the dam
yeah
yes not check me that yeah Eddie I but
your new car bro yeah yeah got a yellow
meter to here even gave me a custom
yellow oh my god he has his own meter
here you go did you welcome thanks my
birthday bro yeah yeah I see you later
call me and add a prima donna but we got
to do what we got to do they don't want
us to have green feet no will
so somebody else a second person you did
the lady after them and now you talk
about it please let's see the boss Mike
I can't do it
it's nothing you can say it's not you're
not being on even if they have my mother
she had to do her I can't tell you okay
this was a no to me after you finish
that woman I mean it's her come on you
okay so what are you gonna do that a way
to make me wait none of this is done no
no no you come down okay but I come back
now okay you're doing his hands as well
as his feet before you come to me come
on come on you know you're really you
know over go you're just honest you
wanna go finish her it's not your fault
you anything he's chewing here you see I
said walls see the foxy salvia girl who
I got closer I can't see that's why my
daughter's don't cut it off to be able
to don't come because you all of you do
this to them alright so my mom just met
up with us we got Erica here we're
watching a movie room we're about to
watch a movie right now
now look what we snuck tinted why don't
you show them to cheesecake Reese's
Pieces cheesecake we can't avoid
Reesa Reesa cheesecake and Oreo let's
destroy it
alright guys it's the next day and yeah
so if you want to get the let's go the
fifty bucks
just click the link type in your phone
number and let's say you got the $50
full of rides and on the other note I
also my birthday party the tickets are
kind of pricey it's only 300 tickets for
two hundred and fifty sixty four dollars
and why is it like that because I can't
invite millions or thousands of fans to
my birthday party only 300 people and
when you pay that there's gonna be
special rapper performance enterpreneurs
other youtubers it's not just to party
with me I live by the way it's gonna be
unlimited alcohol ladies are free for
bad it's 18 and up so if you're 18 you
can drink 21 you can drink of course so
I heard there's fans that are buying
tickets already from like New York
they're gonna drive across some of them
are gonna fly so it's up to you so I'll
put two links in the description if you
want to party with me and lyft code 50
bucks is yours just do it and if you
want to party with me your life your
choice to get the tickets below
they almost sold out so my birthday is
March 11th so anyways all by the way we
check out these shirts I just got me I'm
not promoting night but international
mill hunter with passport stamps isn't
it fresh ah alright guys thank you so
much for watching this lager got a pack
I'm headed to Super Bowl with the Jesse
and Dennis don't forget to give this log
of big thumbs up and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
this is Donny I'm sure you had sex
before it's a porno
