Wow what's up guys so I don't even know
where to start this I haven't vlogged in
the week
it fell forever and I'm talking to this
camera and I to be honest I miss it I
didn't know how many people actually
gonna care on Instagram saying fatality
we want to see vlog wanna see vlog wanna
see vlog and I know I felt bad and I was
like yeah I'm miss blogging because
who's here we have a special mini guest
meanie gets up what's up we got Tom from
Mexico we went to Vegas together for the
AVN Awards I can't show you now to the
vlogs there's a lot of nudity so I'm
actually gonna upload on the main
channel there's a video I'm preparing
for it so yeah your boys buying tickets
tonight's a Super Bowl Super Bowl jesse
wellens is going with me and this is
gonna be is gonna be honestly low-key
crazy Loki is gonna be crazy
what do you think I'm just gonna go
watch the Super Bowl I'm not gonna do
anything right for this yeah I'm just
gonna watch it yeah like just watch it
Loki I'm just gonna sit and watch how
cool oh yeah
touchdown awesome yeah bye anyways miss
you guys today's gonna be a different
walk Tony got my camera so Tony is gonna
take over right now I just got back from
Vegas and I can't show you what I did in
Vegas because it will give it away so
watch out for the vlog soon but this
vlog is the greatest art this is wagga
so I went to Magnolia Park it's a store
in Burbank and the inviting miss has to
hook me up with some shoes what I got
didn't you Oxford Yi's he hooked me up
watch this and this is not showing off
I'm do daily vlogs you guys want to see
what I what I did today how I started my
day check this out
are you kidding me so his son the
owner's son is 14 and he says come over
I want to give you a painting so see
where you like for Russia this is a
difference oh no it's like basically it
sounded I think yeah
we said this piece is going to
Switzerland Oh awesome thank you boys so
I have to wait always do you have
anything with the ak-47 and off I've got
one upstairs
anything for my Jimmy is a I have this
one oh yeah yeah perfect he's a suit
that's perfect look at that it's the one
you wanted just realize that I'm like
I'm Russian what's not better with ak-47
to logic for Mother Russia Russia there
we go hell yeah dude all right this is
where the magic happens
yeah all this he's almost like waiting
to be painted so they've already been
ordered or you just suck so this one is
another this is also ordered by the same
person as the one downstairs and this is
just one now just like for fun yeah that
one looks amazing yeah now you're doing
this blanket all the cold yeah the gold
ones crazy okay I've been doing a lot of
other stuff besides we'll set white and
black on what inspired you to do this
I'm just curious
well I mean there's mainly two reasons
one of them is because like I was seeing
all the like bad things that were going
on in the world another one is just like
putting this like really like masculine
and like cool-looking gone on like the
pieces thank you yeah I don't think it's
ever been done before never sneza's
original it's a it's listen the we
here's the ginger great prices kids 14
years old and he's only the star for him
like it like any taking things are like
what's one of the vital to come by lots
of making it beautiful and also it's
just different I love it yeah so this is
what he's really getting oh my god this
is so big you say it's all got somebody
honestly one of my fans will probably
rob my house with his painting okay guys
so I'm gonna show you actually a preview
what happened at Navy and the word so
it's a little bit ridiculous but watch
it enjoy it and yeah this is a little
sneak peek
here's my impression
unexpected interview 1 the last time you
took a No Oh God in a while
Waco a while like months do you want to
do if you want to do tonight do I want
to do tonight
you don't think I'm cute I was in
assuming it was you but now as if you
know oh good to go she's good she's good
in here
my agent Kallus
the video so why do you want to do is
see with me because I want to see
oh yeah
you that girl that masturbated and
I love my Street library
and they should buy
why do you follow me
okay guys we're headed back to our hotel
with Alex Ling and Evan Angelina and
ever Angelina says I'm in trouble and
you're always in trouble and if you're
hanging out with us girl you're drunk I
mean it's pretty much inevitable Oh
screw oh you know what shopper myself
life can be so much worse oh my god she
is ha-hi only thing she is a young you
guys like honestly she looks like under
age 18 19 she's 30 and she has two
daughters you are and the mills are the
best you know that I'm going to do
campaign I support single moms all right
I hope you enjoy it was really loud in
there so I have more footage if you guys
want to see just let me know I have more
footage but it's so loud because there's
a music playing in the background so I
have to get footage from actual pornhub
the original footage to show to you guys
I hope you guys enjoyed this log see you
at the Super Bowl and yeah give it a big
thumbs up for this vlog I'm back and
once again I apologize but uploading
real villains will support it so thank
you guys and yeah Super Bowl I'll see
you guys tomorrow the sadhana
