what's up what's up villains yes I'm
here with chr√©tien I brought him to my
favorite place ever haven't been here in
years
800 degrees Pizza look at all these
toppings off you make your own pizza
it's 800 degrees it's the best it's your
first time yeah well yeah I hear you'd
like to pull a 4-peat them yeah that
looks five-year look at that oh my gosh
nice healthy and thin look at his
reaction to the pizza okay guys so we're
filming a video today a college campus
and it was all right it was all right so
not all the reactions that I needed by
anyways I'm heading home right now
cops are passing by me I'm like okay
whatever cop somebody's getting pulled
over about it know it might be believing
more serious there's a helicopter
circling around this is epic I should
just get out and start dancing or
something we're probably on the news
right now now if it was a speech it was
probably a speech eizan they caught him
or something it's definitely something
seriously going on it's right in front
of us because they're nice oh we're
gonna pass by we got traffic control
shit went down up in here something's
going down
oh they got somebody nobody in the back
of the cars but they're searching this
car for sure though miss Katherine
Oh where's the guy who's there is the
person they got all he's probably on
foot they're probably looking for this
guy oh you think he was just driving he
just got out already booked it I don't
know I don't see any buddy in custody
yeah oh gosh
gosh I love this jacket what do you guys
think about the jacket for real good
trigger South look at that damn fresh
hello
perfect day jacket to go the woman on
the day but you know fun fact about this
jacket is he looks like a dolce gabbana
jacket it's really not and don't you
come on a jacket is one just like that
same material same design is like $5,000
so a lot of people looking up his
jackets they probably think it's the
jacket but those fucking dollar on the
jacket hell no never
but yeah this is awesome it's fresh I'm
a little I'm in love the jacket first of
all no wars here what up bro hey hey hey
check out the shoes when is twenties
look at this with such a good coffee
date yeah the question is why we're not
with them very good question well maybe
after coffee just got home and I miss
Matilda I miss you you're so cute I love
my dogs dogs are like your best friends
look how cute is she's so lovely yes and
this one who you scared of what are you
scared of pan don't you talk to me I'm
not all right
Hey can you feel me I want to get bail
because I'm a camera whore hello get
that shit away from you calling my mom
on relax bro relax okay relax honey
oh yeah you're gonna budgin I'm gonna be
a grass eater I want to be girly with
you one of you arrested yes she's going
crazy just got home another day of
filming pranks tomorrow
oh yeah it's kind of cool outside I
can't miss the snow I got a hit get the
snow I'm gonna go snowboarding later
probably in February I'm gonna go take
my mom snowboarding cuz I love snow one
fact you guys probably didn't know about
me that I used to go to my grandmother
every winter from a dusty Ukraine to
Murmansk Russia on the train and it was
a three-day train ride it was the best
the best the best childhood memories
I could probably probably ask for whoo
then this jacket is fresh sorry buddy
I'm actually really really been thinking
about it I'm actually happy that I live
in LA my vlog should be fun why just
even like this no you guys loved the
home stuff but I want to start doing
more stuff like I'm gonna start working
out like with fitness models I'm gonna
like start making sketches who wants to
see some awesome dope sketches like
action sketches action pug sketches I'm
gonna do that I'm gonna do a lot of
stuff I live in LA I can text or if not
text tweet or Instagram like other
influence that you guys will want me to
collaborate with or just even vlog with
and I will reach out to them and say
villains want to hang out with you guys
so there's no reason so like who do you
guys wanted me who do you guys want to
see me do a vlog with or prank with
maybe it doesn't have to be another
prankster on YouTube it can be any
person on Instagram yeah actually in a
couple days I think I'm gonna show you
guys how to do yoga I don't know how to
do yoga but my friend hooked me up with
this girl that is like a professional
yoga she got crazy moves
so I said how's it not better if I take
a cameraman and film it professionally
me doing yoga with a really crazy
beautiful yoga instructor
just show me yoga that sounds like a
great night to me what do you guys think
so yeah I'm gonna be doing a lot of
stuff like that like having fun and yeah
2016 is gonna be a crazy year what do
you guys want to achieve in 2016 huh I
guys been asking a lot I've been I see I
want to talk to you guys what you guys
can't probably keep up with all the
questions that I've been asking you so I
don't know exactly what you guys really
want to see it but I don't know you want
to see something I know you want to see
more pranks and I'm working on that just
pranks back to back no big production
value just me man on the street simple
pranks
okay here's did you he woke up late
early this morning and so we went to the
gym he came back
I was waiting for Christian to go film
all right take it guess what he's doing
right now it died yo you think it's
normal what are you doing what are you
doing they're gonna love our Gershon
what now get up you have so much things
to do before even Christian God what I
did everything the first of all why you
lay down on the Olek outside clothes are
you kidding me clean clothes what is
clean the sheets are clean you're not
clean get up get up get down get up
otherwise y'all relax
what do you mean the relax no I don't
want to relax relax
no just draw me crazy just stop I'm
gonna whoop your ass now I dare you to
you don't trust me
oh oh yeah fuck you up from it bad
alright guys Christians here I'm gonna
go film a video Sarris taking a nap I
woke up early I'm going to the gym early
mom why do you have to beat me with a
belt
I can't wait to yeah all right guys and
as you already know I love this jacket
I'm going out with it again
wish me luck I'm gonna go mess with
somebody builders don't forget to thumbs
up this video and I'll see you guys
tomorrow the Soudan
