good morning villains oh my god it's so
early in the morning all not really
early it's 9:00 a.m. tired yeah so
Cameron as you guys know Cameron from
escape of wolves he invited me to get
some free gear which is closed at this
warehouse that you worked for he works
like a marketing role whatever so yeah
he's like yo you like my clothes right
I'm like yeah I did you look for ideas
okay cousin get some free stuff I'm like
yeah I'm there
some are my way to the warehouse to pick
up some fresh outfits because as you
guys already know I only were black
shirts today I'm for the first time I
wear white v-neck but usually black
shirt every day obviously different
shirts I wash them butter just same
shirt I want to switch it up a little
bit you know I don't like to wear big
brands names but it's like a really
branding company this is like more like
cool lifestyle know you guys were about
to see so I'm gonna go I'm on my way
there
and yeah let's go dude look what you did
this is all for me I just made him hold
it second vlog for you guys but this is
the warehouse what's the company name
lol WA Elwood Elwood
so yeah the boys are gonna suffer here
Hey look at this oh you want here
can we bloody what do you guys think
what do you think I like it shout out to
JJ right here there's easy man thanks JJ
Thank You Cameron your boys gonna look
fresh
what is he said they sell you good what
do you sell these chilies you guys
should go grab some chilies to these
kinda cool man look at all this stuff so
then a lot of interviews today after I
got back home from the warehouse and I
did like a Chicago mag I had a talking
about a tour doing a tour if I do a tour
what city you guys want to come to by
the way but on the other note oh and I'm
working also on the Dubai Meetup oh oh
it cannot wait to go back to the BA but
I'm working this year like I said and it
is working on to Dubai for a meet-up
because it's going to be huge but before
I go to the gym
see my boy Eugene and gonna have some
eggs I'm boiling the eggs that's right
eating four eggs protein shake and your
boys gonna hit the gym he's gonna hit it
hard
oh yeah I got a nope not happy not happy
see it's like a disease working on is
like a disease you work out you look
great and you still don't think you look
great this sucked I don't think I look
great and even if I'm bad if I was in
the best shape of my life I'd be like no
still not great so I'm gonna keep going
what up villains well I already said
what's up to guys so I just got to the
gym then I got a shave look at this guy
I feel super alive hey stop being so big
today we're doing shoulders so the first
workout will be watch I'll impress
what's over there are no press with
fucking retard dumbbell shoulder press
all right that's your warmup 45 huh yeah
nice warmup I think that's my max ah
come on he'll chop Oh El Chavo
oh yeah look at the suede we leave some
big and hairy
I'm not counted by the way
come on bro why so serious
12:12 why so serious yeah that's pregame
so we're doing four steps right four
cents Emporia yeah I'm gonna start with
30s he's not going to 60s I don't think
I ever done 66
no let's see that's where you pushing me
that's why you guys were wondering why
am I getting bigger because of this guy
he pushed me
he says no you got to do it hey I got to
do with the man says
and then we're going to do 65
put it on your knees Pierce come off
suits
nine nine so nine is better than zero
the matter
I don't want to be that guy that throws
waited for chief but I had to go that's
good
yeah cash helps nice nuts exercises
shoulder press machine we're gonna do it
for the front delts and then do a side
way throw dumbbell so back to back no
break right yeah right so for each of
course that's the age of 12
yep let's do this my shoulders are
killing me we've been staying 45 in the
25 we went from 25 pound dumbbells
because I wanted to make a right form
anybody can just do this I don't want my
form to be perfect so 45254 set every
exercise I do for chest like arms
shoulders my Weiner or sets always
tonight Sam right now well going on
without no for cell phones and get it
out
Sam
killing me what are you doing here
breaking this way this is why I'm
getting bigger cuz I'm not coming to the
gym alone he's pushing it to get bigger
and that's the only way to get bigger
when you workout with somebody maybe not
that's not true
you can work by yourself we just push to
lift heavier like right now go to the
gym you think this morning
dude 30 just try
beginner where they say don't be afraid
to fail right yeah I'm thinking a big
break too much luck get to watch it
six one of my favorite exercises is a
smith machine shoulder raises I start
with a 25 as you already know I do four
sets there let me show him so you walk
into my fellowship here
so
hands why
in wires equator right here involved
your lower chest boom
get some rear delts right there there
you go see this shit flexing I told this
guy to wear a tank top but you know
wants to wear a tank top
next I'm doing legs bro burns I love
this it wasn't that much of a
heavyweight with the bird really gonna
squeeze it up doors up I got bigger baby
said in the comments wait I'm finally
sweaty you know working when I'm
sweating first set of just did a
25-second says I put on a 10 third set I
put on this it was getting heavy with a
35 but you know what I want to get
bigger they don't want us to get big but
I will that's the major key to success
you preach a little chuckle stuff
Oh Cher's about to go down
forms the forms
come on turn the time I know I had
cheated a little bit
by glancing off but you got to do what
you got to do I still did it right right
yeah just a little bounce yeah don't be
afraid don't be afraid don't be afraid
all right ready ready
he thought he just doesn't stop we've
got it all
I had an another one another one he
wants to go super hair today yeah
because I'm gonna transform well by the
way guys let me know fish to do more
workout loss because I know I saw some
comments and all these workout was
awesome how funny would it be if I get a
professional I have BBB pro or whatever
it's political
I have anyways like a natural PC
competition model to show me how to work
out my sweets what do you guys think
they'll be comedy writer girl show me
how to work out my booty because you
guys think I skip like days I don't I do
no I definitely skip like nice I've made
it but I got nice legs so anyways yeah
let me know in the comments I only now
were you from - all right let's do this
less talking more action
yeah I love this one just trying to get
shoulders from every angle
Oh
Louis exercise baby
so guys coming so guys if you want some
fitness motivation last time item please
link in the description I apologize so
make sure you follow Eugene on Instagram
and guys
you guys have you guys have a lot of
questions about fitness motivation
fitness goals Eugene will be glad to
answer all those questions follow him
and DMS Eugene will you take time to
answer two villains with some fitness
questions I can't hear you yeah thank
say anyways follow this guy follow this
guy he deserves it it's been working as
ourselves working me out
I love it and I love it all right I'll
go
time to work or get system out drop it
yeah guys when you do like shoulders and
stop with your shoulder presses you
don't have to go it you would have to
extend your arms elderly out of the way
later yeah you don't have to go all the
way because once you go like this point
you working out your triceps not your
shoulders so if you want to keep just
ear shoulders just go half way that's
enough if you want shoulders and triceps
at the same day go ahead and stand it
all the way up hey
last but not least my favorite exercise
Shawn how it's done boy this is my
favorite I never did this in my life
until I met him he showed me this you
guys should totally try it if you
haven't boom to your nose and what does
that work out no real delts rare done I
love this exercise nice yeah buddy
we're about
- I was strapped like this like this oh
shit look at this it's okay yeah they're
getting tighter getting dry okay guys
that was the shoulder workout I hoped
you guys enjoyed it I'll see you guys
next time let us know what you want us
to work on next time I was gonna do legs
yeah will do probably legs let us know
in the comments I gotta ask you a lot of
things in the comments today
this is it this okay follow him links in
the description then let me know what
you're from for my tour and number three
is what did I ask your number three I
asking something number three I asked
him earlier in the vlog about the goal
all about the girl yeah let me know if
you want to see me working on my glutes
with a professional fitness model
alright guys alright finally home I'm
gonna edit this vlog I hope you guys
enjoy my shoulder workout I'm gonna be
sore tomorrow
tomorrow's a chest day yep tomorrow I've
logged the whole work how they love to
workout so what what do you want what
are you putting your five steps to heat
your abs workout darling you are fat hi
guys don't forget to give a big thumbs
up and I'll see you guys tomorrow thank
you for watching mr. Dunn Fred ass this
one what's he done what into in the
middle of the road hey what is it dude
Oh
