what's good what's good what's good
what's good villains what's going on
good morning good afternoon
I've already know sir today off the gym
I'm headed to ratchet I should say
ratchet Venice Beach now I'm heading to
Venice B I like Venice Beach I'm headed
to Venice Beach I'm pulling I'm not
gonna say old italic cuz I'm still the
same Italian I'm just told you I'm
killing this year I'm gonna go film I'm
filming a simple prank it's just simple
and yeah so I'm gonna film that it
involves girl picking up girls but in a
different type of way so yeah I know
some of you like oh hey you know you're
gonna pick up girls whatever whatever
I'm just doing me so I'm gonna do that
tomorrow I'm filming we're eating my
cruiser from what wine wine mine and
yeah it's gonna be a lot of a lot of fun
a lot of videos are coming and coming
and yeah so super stoked super stoked
and LA traffic guys oh I hate it and I
need to get a bigger car you know why I
need to get a bigger car because of this
problem look at this problem I look at
this the drone doesn't even fit in my
trunk ridiculous just ridiculous mom was
like they want to borrow my car I'm like
nah I like my car so I need to get like
a truck or an SUV or maybe even the bank
boss who knows so so I just got to
Venice Beach and guess who's gonna be
filming from me today camera and what's
up from escape with the wolf so yeah so
we're gonna make some magic today he
never actually like he's a filmer you
know he's a filmer he's a photographer
but he never I don't think he ever used
this camera before I'm trying to find
out where - OH
first time for everything right that's
all right time to lose your virginity
stick it in stick it in yeah cool man so
I hopefully we're gonna find cute girls
during the weekday super super excited I
don't know
I don't know super excited and actually
somebody come into the coffee table you
should invest in the little whatever
things because it's windy I actually had
him but Mexico was so windy that they
flew off literally it's unglued and flew
off so I'm gonna get more order I'm Ally
so the vlog is a little bit windy excuse
me damn damn damn it's called girls are
not out I was gonna fly the drone nope
so many police helicopters I can't even
imagine myself flying a drone flying it
so far not seeing a helicopter a
helicopter crashing into a drone and
then God forbid not knocking on wood
a helicopter Falls and then I get
manslaughter and I go to jail for the
rest of my life I'm not I'm I'm a risky
I'm a risk taker but not that kind of a
risk taker that's way too much so it's
okay I got tomorrow I got the next day
I'm committed to filming I'm really
upset I'm really upset I wanted to come
home with a video but it's okay
life goes on life goes on I'm telling
you guys you guys think I'm kidding
about taking over this year I'm hyping
it up just like I hyped up my
transformation and I did my
transformation
I'm hyping it up for me to take over and
I blow it on my main channel back to
back back to back my phone is full of
ideas I wrote down yesterday I think 22
ideas so
I'm set I'm happy so right now I'm gonna
go home drop the camera gear off
probably hang out with Edie because Ed's
going to Florida tomorrow so he wants to
hang out so we're gonna hang out and I
would tell you to sit down I'll just
kidnap you
I should kidnap you like Oh chop oh yeah
I go go get it
all right let's blow she's not full of
us pull over in the front you're nuts
I really just be Vitaly right now like
in this area is your super enough like
like I literally watch every single damn
video on go get a fellowship or he
always face it long
this is grass this grandma's like what
look what you're doing you're causing
traffic more people are good people it's
the craziest fan in the world yeah she
got out of the middle of the traffic
she's like I'm not getting back in my
car
wow I'm speechless guys I'm sure you are
too
what the hell just so this car was
trying to cut in my lane I'm like
they're taking too slow like like if
they keep going back and forth back and
I'm like you know what I'm done with
this I'm done I'm done
how does it start cut him off I didn't
cut him off I went around them and then
they were looking at me we pulled up to
the stoplight and I'm like you know what
I'm gonna mess with this girl and I pull
my win put my window down and she starts
going crazy so I just picked up my vlog
camera I wish up picked up my vlog
camera as the moment she saw me you guys
should have seen she just started
walking during the traffic Wow Wow I'm
sorry I've never had a fan do that like
ever freaked out I mean I had fans
freaked out but this was in another
level this is like a memorable moment
for life you go girl you go you watching
this you go and your mom is awesome and
the kid the Mexican kid right the
Mexican coz he asked me how Mexico was
so obvious he's from Mexico love you too
bro thanks for everything guys vitally
vitally will want to see your life of
course guys here you go
BAM some chicken some squash
mmm steak I should say that chicken BAM
healthy lifestyle baby
Wow Wow Wow mom you got me really good
so yeah when I was coming home from the
party I saw Justin Bieber outside of my
house like I was sleeping over my
friend's house and I was coming home in
the morning and I saw Justin Bieber
right outside of my house and yeah we
talked for a little bit or exchange
contact informations for like maybe
future pranks or something and yeah is
it was a crazy morning so anyway so my
mom pranked me and I fell for it I can't
believe it wow that was really good
Congrats mom so early that kid says that
you're positive or negative you know
what - I was like what do you mean by
that I forgot that I got tested and
guess what guys I guess what kidding
yeah I mean you guys probably any book
oh you mean if you had something you
wouldn't tell us no everything's great
great great great it's your boy 100%
clean okay I feel like this was awesome
entertaining vlog so thank you guys so
much don't forget to give it a thumbs up
my mom got me really good thumbs up for
my mom and I'll see you guys tomorrow
let's sit down yeah see you guys the one
thing about me is I was never issues I'm
like all Kanye West shoes
