I love it when you cry cuz it shows the
day you're live what's up guys what's up
villains this is so funny I'm back home
to my Korean vlogs and I have to talk to
you for a little bit I'm headed to the
gym right now and it's like it's really
funny that I'm the only vlogger a thing
that actually goes parties and goes cams
and vlogs it and most of you don't like
me partying that in that it's really
crazy that you want to see some good
party like seriously I know there's a
lot of people that appreciate the vlogs
like all Vitalis living live cool cool
but a lot of people when I party like oh
oh sure not sure but just like I don't
like it when I party why is it not good
to party you know and especially when
you I bring you to the happy party don't
you feel like you're with me there so I
think that's one of the coolest things
if you guys don't want me to do party
vlogs anymore I want but it's kind of
crazy that you guys already know that
I'm a party guy I'm 23 years old you
know but yeah anyway so uh for the
people that are butthurt and stuff I
don't know what to tell you I don't know
what I was gonna kind of apologize cuz I
keep promising vlogs everyday but things
are like I'm not making excuses anymore
you know I'm not making excuses I'm
trying to upload as much as I can so
please accept that should I just say I'm
not a daily vlogger okay I'm not a daily
I'm trying to be a daily vlogger but I
guess I'm not right now yes I will be a
daily vlogger when I upload for year
without skipping today Tennant you can
call me a baby vlogger but you guys
shouldn't be upset I'm giving you
content to catch up with my life and I
feel like you guys should appreciate the
fans appreciate it and so who doesn't
want to watch these I'm not begging you
to watch this so don't watch it but
that's how I feel so anyways I'm headed
to the gym right now and yeah feeling
great can't wait to pick up my easy to
see what they have to say not have to
say I have to look how they have to look
but uh yeah my test results come in
tomorrow believe so tomorrow I'm super
excited about this exciting she was the
same nervousness nervous once again I
don't have to tell you guys killed my
workout and I am headed to pick up
Jerome not really pick up just drop off
my car park it and then we're gonna go
eat somewhere healthy so Jerome actually
moved to LA Jerome Jarre I'm sure you
guys know him I pranked him and Jerome
Jarre gets arrested prank where I
pretending I deported him he pooped his
pants if you guys want to check that out
so yeah I am actually going there right
now and then they caught up easy and
what else did I wanted to tell you guys
about something that uh yeah a lot of
pranks coming this year I know I've been
saying that a lot it's finally sunny out
today kind of was raining in the morning
so I'm gonna go prank tomorrow super
excited to get back in the game I saw a
lot of youtubers not uploading pranks
anymore I'm gonna make my comeback big
this year you watch you watch have a lot
of projects coming up I'm shooting a 10
episode of Russian hitman I'm shooting
Anna uncensored Vitaly show we're gonna
add some more clips so a lot of things
are happening and I'm glad you guys
gonna be part of it so thank you look
who is here do ye eating a cake oh
that's what you're doing the Beach Body
Transformation it's very happy
oh I know you're right it's very
delicious it's made to be cooking at me
is this the guy that likes tequila yeah
what's up Ruti we're doing a collab with
the puppets yeah it's little bro oh no
it's
that's the video that it's not yeah this
is the collab oh oh oh hey okay okay
okay
Jerome did you actually look at this job
like brand-new dude thanks man is
awesome definitely coming back here
thanks a lot there's only a couple
things like this but that's impossible
to get it off I don't know if I skated
in those shoes or water and a cigarette
burn Wow this face
so I just got home guys and I want to
talk to you for a little bit so uh I
don't even know where to start there's a
lot to talk about I'm about to go on the
mini rant but not really so anyways when
my action-packed logs already I told you
before are some of you guys think
they're awesome like the Dubai vlogs
awesome now go to Mexico action-packed
but have you don't like it what do you
want to see more I know you want to see
more pranks which I told you I'm filming
prank just give me chance just relax I
know you guys excited for pranks but you
guys getting mad oh-oh-oh
money changes people Batali's famous now
have you ever had a real job let's talk
about a real job first do you guys know
where I came from I used to vacuum my
mom's carpet for $5 the whole house when
I was like 14 15 my first job was a
junkman I used to pick up people's trash
and throw it in the truck and my boss
used to drive it to Miami what it's
called Miami like or whatever it's the
junkyard
I'm three debted I was a painter I was a
handyman
after the handyman I was like I got into
the restaurant business I became a
busboy actually before that let me talk
I used to hold a sign like get your cell
phone or whatever here for $6 an hour
then I got into the restaurant business
I was a busboy I was making decent tips
and then I was like you know what I'm
gonna become a waiter
waiters make more money so I became a
waiter and I became a widow I was making
good money and I wanted to move to LA
and get discovered without YouTube or
anything to be an actor and yeah and
then I started doing YouTube and I had
3,000 subscribers
3,000 I came home I ripped off my tie
and says I'm down with the job I want to
focus on YouTube I didn't know YouTube
to pay I was just focused on videos what
I love to do I didn't know YouTube can
pay so started doing videos and I blow
up I did my Miami zombie prank
I got a nice check from it but then I
had to go to jail for a Russian hitman
and I'm like this is done like her you
just took off and then it's gone so
before all the hey I don't even know why
I'm explaining to myself of the haters
you but you know since I'm doing vlogs I
want to talk to something maybe the real
fans that will appreciate when came from
the struggles and yeah Here I am today
sitting here in the house in Beverly
Hills talking to you guys and I'm not
trying to show off I'm just trying to
tell you that dreams come true that I
just didn't come from a rich family like
came just my mom me and my mom this is
it me and my mom so yeah and if you guys
want to see boring vlogs you guys want
to talk you guys want me to sit on the
couch for 40 minutes and be depressed
really because I'm not depressed life is
freaking awesome you only get to live
once so guess what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna live to the fullest and I wish you
to so for all the interesting all
vitality is down with the pranks -
pranks pranks just watch out I'm gonna
make a big comeback this year my movies
coming out I have a show coming out just
wait this is only the beginning so thank
you for all the real fans and if you
guys don't like watching my boring vlogs
so much and nobody's asking me to come
back here and click on my videos and
don't bring up click the thumbnail
clicks everybody on YouTube does
something good but you're gonna give me
a hard time for it okay cool
I'll take it but I'm still gonna do what
I like to do all right I'm still gonna
do what I chose to do now what you guys
telling me to do and I'm talking today
haters right now I'm not talking the
real fans get me I have a lot of vlogs
in the comment I have a lot of love in
the comments so I really appreciate you
guys it was a little message but I
wanted to say so back to my normal day
oh oh oh all my proteins came let's
check it out I don't know what looks
better all these three products but this
damn but anyways so yeah this is my
creatine choose my pre-workout which is
c4 and gold standard whey protein
chocolate Wow
you just made this see the advantages of
living with your mom and
get home made meals but I'm moving out
soon damn alright it's time to eat sorry
I'm gonna be rude but hmm see you guys
the one thing about me is that was never
to be shoes I'm like all Kanye West
shoes oh whatever blah blah they're the
most comfortable shoe store and then a
game a pair for free and I fell in love
they are really like like nothing and
I'm wait anything they're like honestly
one of the best shoes I probably over
beat sweet Bhutan's meets anything this
is awesome simple and awesome but yeah
crazy how I messed them up but they
could even fix some parts like bees and
stuff so I would say you what are you
about to do sure what are you about to
do that's a man's job I saw it be before
I couldn't do any pull-ups but a
Beachbody I could and since have a
broken elbow and I've metal in my elbow
it can hear it I used to do it like this
but the real way to do this Beachbody
stopped me I don't know if I can do any
I'm super sore oh yeah excuses no
because I
these break and then
hi guys I hope you enjoyed this vlog and
another advantage of living with my mom
look what she's doing for me my laundry
just great
but once again can't wait to move up
this was crazy living with her it's like
a man you know how moms are yes it's
done you've been the pack your spell for
yourself oh absolutely yeah
trust me if I could if I can move
tomorrow and move tomorrow all right
guys thank you so much for watching this
vlog yeah yeah I'm just I'm gonna tell
you today love you guys thanks so much
for watching see tomorrow this dining
tae Yun's out
