what's up what's up villains so happy to
be back but not as happy to be in this
rain the rain really sucks
so anyways I'm headed to the gym early
morning and drinking my coffee today's
plans today I supposed to film a main
Channel video but I'm not going to film
it since it's raining and I need the
cute girls and you cute guys outside so
I'm gonna actually go clean my Easy's
there's a place that doesn't like for
$25 and they literally make them brand
new so I'm gonna do that catch up on
errands
signed some papers slash contracts and
yeah I'm just preparing to release this
movie this year and I think the trailer
is coming out this month actually it was
excited for natural born pranksters
trailer oh damn it's gonna be dope but I
really miss you guys and I saw comments
that some of you actually like the home
vlogs which I didn't think anybody would
likes so you know what I'm gonna make
these home vlogs for you let's go but
sup bro they miss you how are you let's
go 120
come on lightweight baby you got it
lightweight
good okay you're in down
just killed my workout destroyed it
ah it feels so good to be back at the
gym I just the chest children a sauna
for about half an hour now I'm gonna go
get my easiest cleaned and yeah you
remember like two weeks ago talking
about going to the doctor and I was late
while I'm going there now to check up
mm-hmm
but yeah I'm super excited to be back
I'm going to Vegas
actually you're like you just told me to
stop partying I'm getting paid to go to
Vegas pornhub is flying me out to
interview porn stars and yeah it's gonna
be crazy and I'm gonna gonna upload a
main channel video with any important
stories I'm probably gonna prank one of
them I don't know who do you want me to
prank should have playing Lisa and I
should I bring Rachel star I don't know
there's so many big names but let's just
leave it at that that's in two weeks
right now I'm waiting for the rain to be
finished not today maybe maybe tomorrow
so I can go film my video that I'm
planning to do it it's gonna be good
can't wait so happy to be back let's do
this guy's all right guys I just got
home they're not gonna take me I just
got home and my mom was cooking she's
cooking some completely healthy life so
what does this call this is so good it's
a really good for a hell guys if you
didn't died so I want to show you that
mini a chapel and this is El Chapo's
wife a chop with a carrot amigo Cora
because of to custom make a cell chapo
mm-hmm so yeah time to get those E's
Queen third 30 of their oldest teriyaki
cakes and all the champagne that people
sprayed on me and where I sprayed myself
haha look at them Easy's they're so
dirty
oh my gosh disgrace people are gonna
kill me probably in the comments now but
I tried to take care of them as much as
I could but it's just impossible
shoes or shooters no matter how good
they are so by anyways this company is
gonna clean them so good that they're
gonna look brand-new you're like this is
before next time I will log good after
and you guys will see it does that time
I can look at it because I'm gonna faint
I'm kidding last time I did flat says
they put a piece of cotton that I said
oh you're fine and they let go and it's
great it over the ceiling I swear to go
honey yeah the blood there's blood
spread over the ceiling and I fainted
OHS bad so I'm now gonna talk to the
villains yeah I'm sure you're good right
I feel like the doctor was bad that's
the only way sickles uh she's the best
she let me login
hold it there you pull the needle out I
didn't feel it this is crazy
let me label your to the gas prices are
insane in LA so I told me you can guys
make him brand new but you're like he
goes ooh so what does it mean I did
damage to them well I'm getting two new
pairs so I don't know but we'll see
whatever whatever you can do with them
I'll be glad thanks man
wow that is funny the guy says you
messed those shoes up adds like bro you
can do anything you want to them this
place is legit I mean it is legit I'm
surprised so much business and customers
in and out of it but we'll see what they
can do I mean I really did mess them up
but once they get in so late so dirty
all the dust and stuff all the cars and
the pollution will see I'm sure if I
wear them in Dubai I wouldn't have one
scratch or one anything
look I just put a honey and one piece of
chocolate and look like I'm making I'm
making you know guys he's like mom what
I can eat like a half you think I said
like you didn't have it some cottage
cheese cottage okay
the piece of chocolate that's another
250 calories so I finished all my
errands today I sent all the papers or
contracts whatever I needed to do so I'm
so happy right now there are just a long
time I actually bought this gym things
that I need a hand this is the best
thing ever
this bull up bar such a good exercise I
had it in Florida so I saw it at Target
I gotta buy what are you doing mom
mm-hmm
where was myself digging away why
they're good
so Russians actually take out their
Christmas tree after like in April April
March what are we going to when I was a
little kid I always used to like these I
love these things when I was little was
like a firework my mom now
so by the way guys for that last
giveaway that I gave
I picked five winners only two replied
so whoever to you where I forgot the
names I have them right now my mom is
shipping out those shirts tomorrow and
yeah so I'm picking a winner
for this week on Friday again because I
missed the last because of a holidays so
Friday and I still didn't forget am I my
best buy giveaway electronics oh sorry
so yeah make sure you're staying gage
comment and like the videos because then
you will win every week I'm gonna try to
give away something every week different
like glasses phone cases away hats and
I'm also gonna give a big giveaway on my
Instagram for from Best Buy
so yeah I didn't forget about that so
guys I just ordered something from
Amazon Prime I ordered a couple stuff
couple things for my pranks which I'm
not going to tell you what they are
because you're gonna see the pranks and
I also ordered a pre-workout which is c4
got Universal choose which is creatine
creatine and gummy bear forms and I also
got a up approaching a whey protein so
it's time to kill the gym I'm serious
guys you don't understand you guys saw
me partying in Mexico you guys think I'm
back to what I was no no no no no no I
just had a good time I'm away I'm away
so yeah
damn I have a lot of things I'm gonna be
vlogging in the next month or two and
I'm just gonna keep these vlogs
entertaining by going out and doing
things like I also I want to get a
license for skydiving I want to be able
to jump on myself so I'm looking up at
schools right now where I'm gonna go to
schools I'm gonna go to improv classes
where they teach you more of improv that
you already know how to act how to read
people I know how to read people but
obviously you're not the best at
everything but I want to get better so a
lot of cool cool a lot of cool stuff a
lot thank you guys so much for watching
this vlog and yeah don't forget to give
it a thumbs up and I'll see you guys
tomorrow thank you
