what's up what's up villains last day in
Cancun with my argentinian girlfriend i
didn't tell you one thing guys that i
said i will have a sister and she lives
in argentina and i'm seeing her in about
like 15 years and i can't wait to go to
borrow cyrus anybody's from behind Cyrus
let me know in the comments but today is
the last day chill that's it no party
I'm over it look at this palm trees are
beautiful this is
we got tall so guys I didn't vlog last
night I'll be honest with you but you
won't believe what happens so I sprayed
champagne in the club and I had seven
people trying to fight me I was scared
for my life I paid the security guys to
defend me it was it was insane insane
like people threw bottles and me
cigarettes eyes cops I was scared for my
life but you know my snapchats been home
fleek so you better follow me to get
down into the Java Sea btv look at her
shoes
let's got back to the room and look at
this view it's amazing amazing amazing
look good look at this picture Kirk come
here look look
it's like a portrait that is this is
beautiful is doing with the best buffet
is this buffet fire about what are those
yo this buffet is honestly the most
amazing truth you can ever possibly have
look at all those desserts back on the
diet smog that starts tomorrow that's
right
dice there's tomorrow
I wish you were
yes you
sometimes I want
right
a big lie
I'm sitting around asking myself is a
frozen
but I know
Oh
and I wake up see
you're
alright guys I hoped you enjoyed his
playing you guys get it here in sing
play guitar and sing amazing amazing
good stuff Kirk loved it Rey getting
ready dinnertime give me a little
through 16 John Mayer nice 360 Alicia
360 okay great
dinner time with sexy people okay guys
this is crazy so we came to this
reservation table and they know Commodus
restaurant his parents
so they write a mistake night with his
mom name on it shown this is great
Donald the new king of thank you really
this is crazy bro it's a way whose names
are here breath pip this is all the
famous people to come here
this is absolutely not
Wow
that's the boy Maria
alright guys so left Mexico and I had a
layover in Phoenix Arizona and since of
all my arrests I always get held at the
airport for like an hour two extra socks
and so guess who I texted my man what's
up guys this is his homies how are you
guys so he's gonna show me around my
flight is in four hours so I'm gonna
crash on his couch it was really nice of
him to let me stay his place so was you
gonna
more explore arizona on this rainy that
day oh can you tell where I'm at can you
tell where I'm at I'm finally home
thanks God tomorrow starts everything
Jim videos stop mom I miss you how are
you now you're sick well I got my cool
see it's super cold in California
I already mixed Mexico we gotta hang
this thing up by the way oh and by the
way guys so you guys still want those
boards I remember asking about a month
and a half ago you guys said yeah yeah
give me those boards check out this
awesome skateboard only got one but I'm
thinking about making like a hundred
it's like a special edition 100
skateboards but yeah so thank you so
much for watching the traveling vlogs oh
I'm back at it just watch out YouTube's
telling you watch out don't forget to
thumbs up this log and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
