what's up what's up villains how are you
I'm here with Kirk where he had a two
ply out but still it's called Playa del
Carmen now we got an awesome driver
taking us awesome old-school car love it
below it family truck she was like I
mean there is on our gone certain what
else yeah we got steve aoki tonight I'm
super excited I'll tell and it's pretty
crazy it's weird it's like I don't know
it's like the girls he runs like about
the rooms and cages and stuff it's
pretty cool so we just got to the
restaurant and my boys were in the
elevator check out Steve's cakes them
like nice he's gonna cake people you
want to get paid yeah he's everywhere
cakes is a sick place ever been in are
you stupid
this is awesome forget it end it was
hard to get in
there's not a second way the food smell
is so good
Wow organizer
me-mow
away from the flesh
ah what's up what's up villains what up
- what up yo what's up nah but we are in
play there Cartman it's like a little
street like a coastal named Bangkok my
voice is not getting any better last
night the music was so loud I tried
talking to you in my words yeah the
worse and worse
that's a cool concert man so I'm headed
to the restaurant right now and I come
across my Mexican amigo friend watch my
videos yes I got it you stopped on a
bike to start taking pictures awesome
dude thank you so much thank you thank
you thank you too
damn guys it's beautiful out here Playa
del Carmen beautiful thanks for showing
us a good time last night was a yogi Wow
Shawn's on camera when he's off camera
he's like the most talkative funnest
person but was quiet
yes he is funny he should have a YouTube
channel he got jokes for days he's so
funny
he just don't stop but seriously on
another level
okay never done this guys before we're
about to get eaten by fish
my feet are dry this is good you're
excited me might have you done this
before
what do I do they're just oh you're dead
kids waiting for four five we just can't
get a cold
I got a table dude up
it's a Christmas tree but it doesn't
even feel like it at all here my grandma
guys I just go back to my room and I
really don't know how to explain this I
really don't know NEMA prank me NEMA
literally says a butcher nice room yeah
okay first of all this room has first of
all this room has a cage with a dog over
the dog bowl handcuffs chains mirrors
that move but I can't show you the wall
okay I'll show you but I'm gonna have to
blur it it's all porn sex hurts you know
not just regular hardcore porn oh like
girls getting girls getting tied up and
just disgusting dude I'm trying to party
on New Year's no no once you gotta say
the word this is where your news is
gonna be so this is where we came for
New Year's
Barrett with Blue Parrot we got our
dinner table right here we're waiting
for some guests this is the vein you
know it's pretty nice
so you guys are ready for tonight holy
crap that's a lot of people are you
ready guard you ready for New Year's
yeah bring it on
take it
okay guys we got a little bit to talk
about just a little bit you know so
first of all I want to wish you a Happy
New Year
I want to wish you the best in life I
wasn't this year whatever your dreams
were is to be a famous youtuber to make
a lot of money to be healthy to get your
little muscles bigger today is the year
that I would like you to wish you - for
everything to happen so thank you guys
for all the support 2015 was epic and I
do apologize about not uploading my blog
yesterday there's a few excuses but I'm
not gonna do it to them but I hope you
enjoy this action-packed blog this is
the type of logs that I love this is an
action-packed vlog I'm staying at
temptation right now Tom Thomas the man
Tom gave me a free room for five days
and the experience was honestly
unforgettable so thank you guys for
everything once again thank you thank
you thank you thank you thank you I
can't believe it how people how hurt
they get when I don't pull a little vlog
that's a lot of pressure and I love it
so thank you for your motivation and
I'll see you guys tomorrow yeah tomorrow
I should see you guys tomorrow if I
don't see you guys tomorrow I'm gonna
fly to LA tomorrow I'm gonna go back to
regular vlogs the thing you guys so much
thumbs up and let's see Daniel you gotta
come close gotta come close point
closer
