what's up villains welcome to another
vlog and I know been gone for a couple
days but at the finishing of community
service hours today's vlog about a lot
of catching up and this right here can
see this right here it's the movie
tornado written by me and Tony and it's
finally finished we have a read today
with Jay Alvarez he played my brother
and she - oh boy is official nice warm
and fresh Wow ah are you serious wow
that's ladies and gentlemen Jay Alvarez
and I know I'm not wearing any bows
because we're pulling I'm directing fun
here again oh my God look who it is what
I J hey who are you oh man we're reading
the script in the script don't mind me
you know a tornado coming soon but yeah
breakfast breaky break away or break
alley at the ocean 15 yasha Wow oh
you're eating with your hand oh my god
all this will happen can we get some
work that out
and Tabasco Shawn and I got that on
camera I got that on camera
alright guys and open quite gone for
quite a while you probably go whole shit
game yeah I know game but this paint
came from working out twice a day you
guys are laughing and how do you do you
can see all my snapchat Oh mines you
don't have a confirmation haven't shit
on and diet when I call my
transformation is if you like every
transformation I call a fail not fail
because something came on the way with
nothing stopping me this the director
told me for the movie I got to get
digging cut there's no problem
tornados coming along very good super
excited I got my watch back by the way
I'll show you let me show you a little
pump that I have for you guys
they've got home from the workout and
the reason why I couldn't show you guys
more worked out is because somebody
snitched like a little girl instead of
coming up to me and saying y'all we are-
up recording or view recording please
don't get me in the shop he have to go
tell the manager the manager for MA and
my mom is here mom thank you for coming
and taking care of this Tony
I forgot this thanks to you in the vlog
and I already give you them a million
how we finish tornado they don't know
what's coming they really don't know
what I'm a big in the thing it's your
order or your film yeah
so it's a ticker thing to update you
guys on the vlog and also check this out
hold on I'll check this out up like
space boots for abs because the
transformation is real and where's my
watch mom now you stole it
Yeah right you kidding hey guys you
ready to see the watch I got it back
yeah I think so I feel still heavy the
way sticking is real I want to sell it
and get another one
ah my mom's birthday if you guys
watching this her birthday is tomorrow
yeah see what happens when you quit
drinking you don't look like a crackhead
anymore you look 20 years younger but
our Pharrell we're going to going crazy
and my mom did this this morning looks
amazing and the only reason I told you
guys I hasn't the blocking is because
Tony like I don't want to say anything
what's my schedule Monday through Friday
oh you wake up at 5:00 a.m. run two
miles then does community service and
then works at oh I know where's that
again the works out again I mention
grocery like Oh baby I am doing anything
my president come always go out because
I can if I don't drink it is there so
I'm not drinking there's no point to be
out that's how I look at it
see this is a little surprise birthday
but that's not like that's the best I
might give those to you my final gift my
father I can't show guys I can't show
you guys the final gift that I gave my
mom I'm gonna give her some time later
this week I'm sorry I haven't been
vlogging in a while but I just surprised
me that was amazing I was eating for go
babe ha I didn't blow cold air I just
picked up the camp has I decided to
throw in your birthday home alone
besides a surprise wow that's super nice
surprise yeah but yeah so yeah I'm going
to show you guys in a couple days and my
mom what I got her I want to give it to
her because it's so big it's in a huge
box
I know we're all not kidding I anyway
hey guys I said it many times n i'ma say
it again I didn't vlog this whole wall
this was a recap of best highlights of
the week pretty much that's what I'm
doing I'm only picking up the camera
when it's exciting stuff happening so
today is my birthday thank you thank you
anyways and Wow no okay today's my
birthday guys thank you so much March 8
girls International Day yep when I was a
kid I used to get flowers for my
birthday and all used to cry but what is
this over there is this my birthday gift
no it's not it's my mom's birthday gift
that I told her so her birthday was
yesterday - today on top mom we can't
open in that we can only open it up
there we're going to go after we're
gonna go to a special lunch later this
week after tick you still too like a
real lunch it's like it's like setting
it up resource what up Tony
yo I'm Pacific to pick up what you want
hope I anyways mom what do you see why
are you happy
what do you think sue I am i D I never
sign anything like what this kind of
bottle it is special and it's going to
be a huge problem to open it can you
tell me please
ah we're going to go to dinner I've
strayed yes 25 what does it call
midnight crisis or good like please like
bit like this let midlife crisis core
electric where's my present that's the
question
no cheering oh my god your present baby
they give you life so get out of my
apartment and this guy Bernie hey up in
the Rolls Royce
yep I go for gold chicken clothes which
any money from you comfy over there
mommy
Oh comfy are you okay I feel like we're
back in Dubai I'm thinking about that is
funny
alright so we're headed to catch other
dinner with friends but he was amazing
Oh
haha
welcome to looper I'm one of you need a
water bottle a cable charger maybe more
blinking lights I've got well I don't
know I don't want to say I don't want
this to remind me of bangbus day 20 of
community service
yo chill what's up Dillon's welcome to
another vlog well this vlog is
consistent because I combined everything
in one week but I'm here back at this
house I don't mean oh I think there's
even DK from the house what's up guys we
got Paul good Joe we got everybody we
got the whole crew here we're doing a
trust fall today you can it's the day
after my birthday and inviting me to
their houses houses every time I come
here it broke a bottle here plan it shot
me with a cactus doing a Kazakh sketch
cock cock to strem pls cactus cactus
cactus trumpet that is cox-2 cactus I
want to say cock I know I know I know
you like the glass office music I'm not
doing that because I got Miami couple
days I'm going to Bogota Moscow bring
for you them again do you see this
flawless body guys that Mahal is coming
on our trail which right in that way
anyways you don't think your muscle
generate the needle whoa good point
but now I don't know if I'm going to do
that view thumbs thanks for inviting me
here I will do the trust fold where fall
backwards but so many what do you think
which is no cactus Trembley absolutely
not
damn it no sad of me doing that as I
told you guys that combines the whole
week of highlights into one blog that's
the recap I'm finished with my community
service hours tomorrow tomorrow have
four more hours and I'm done I'm going
to go back to vlogging guys because it
was hectic 5 a.m. Jim as I told you guys
the whole schedule is pretty crazy so
get ready Tony what are you doing right
now I am picking a name since you goes
first of the trust fall
I don't like that hair why am I on let's
run into this rummage Oh Cody I hate you
oh I know why because it's probably all
Vitaly no no no bro it says you know ah
well their size makes you first before
your bull thing you can hear your eyes
like is it doable like when I do it out
right here is right here and I was like
yeah you've got this no he's not is I
guess I can I buy you do find two months
later so what happened so you broke your
like Mikey don't close all the look my
job is not straight you know that guy
the doctor I don't know if I told
somebody I was like it my show my house
yeah I can't buy my nails
oh shit enclose and then and then broke
it right here and right here and then he
said oh and I was wired shut
he's like yeah chill juju so I was
making our girls two days after yeah
that's why I feel bad but my cute can
close so now on the plane when they give
me peanuts I can't rip it look like I
broke my jaw oh wait you serious yeah
okay that's a trick no no no you can't
cause you T I have over the years
learned oh I'm free and I'm crying over
this look at this
oh nothing happened to me yeah so far
God you want
maybe while putting them in a less
rigorous okay
don't even worry about that
what my reluctantly
I think was better on
run-flat
yeah
ready yeah oh my god the next move I'm
doing I know how I'm gonna do
look alive
I got it was stuck right here and I was
right here to put it out all right do it
three two one oh yeah he did it he did
it
oh wow side a little bit
fucking when I saw you're gonna go ahead
of me close your eyes I was huh he's
close their eyes are kind not really I
was like wait like over a little bit you
want it I'll jump wrong or no no no the
programs my car I did it confidently the
West oh yeah yeah it would look really
good all right cool you were good your
eyes were wide open I thought you I was
just like I know I'm gonna do it to fuck
you how do you like your abdomen going
through your body right left for another
three months oh yeah thank you guys
sorry if we took me a minute it's normal
right it's everybody get up through the
same thing you got to be comfortable
when you do this beer you make the fear
and then you destroy this year that's
how it's done
ah all the tile is in the Hat but then I
also have everybody else's name in my
pocket I know you'd expect so what I did
when you when he picked your name out of
the six Batali's I went whoa you know
threw it out there I put it on up
everybody else's name oh that's what
happens when I was praying to you yeah
but I knew where their house is
I now get to watch him left with someone
else's that was ballsy
got to give it to Batali any but you
know it's a process you go through over
there and everybody has to go through it
if you got to be comfortable doing it I
need to run autism not some
uncomfortable place my fear you really
make series like it wasn't scary but in
your mind is scary and then you do it
like not you just be over and over and
over again applause and you did it
Wow you villains want to see how the
cactus roulette work the trampoline cock
cock cock cock sister left fuck check it
on a channel the link is in description
this is what's going to happen right now
oh yeah I put it under number five he
got to number five and he thought it was
going to be him but that's actually a
welcome to America warm welcome and I
was going to one that's going to be a
painful night and I'm look at this guy's
you could jump on everything bad and
everything jugs on calculus yeah we did
cows things just go back in the day with
cats ah yeah and I have to pull those
spikes like absolutely his back so you
have to look in the mirror and like this
yeah what are you doing I say you do a
back front flip into it for five five
four three two one
now that we can field office that oh my
wait I am and that is fucking you
there's like a hundred oh my god oh well
the little suckers back okay wipe them
off nobody's happy the bots on the bed
those awesome dad those austere but not
thanks for having me guys today Thank
You always awesome to hang out
always crazy should always leave hurt
always leave with scratches let's not
think of a good - he is just come back
next week you'll be here yeah you're
welcome anytime I thank you guys
oh my god I'm excited why am i excited
why am I excited two hours left my life
is good you yo ah two hours left two
hours two hours now you know where I've
been gone far away and wake up running
three miles on a empty stomach fasted
cardio working everyday till 3:30 today
is my half day fuck yeah I'm gonna stay
right here though yeah bro thanks guys
thumbs up if you happy that I finished
hundred sixty hours thumbs it up I need
all the sums up I can't get and for my
birthday
haha thank oh my god that relief guys
that relief is absolutely insane 160
hours is done I worked for 360 hours
which is 20 days eight-hour day shifts
you can leave early can't do that the
only reason I had four hours today if
you watching this is the Korean day is
because there was a other day it was
raining so we only had a half a day so
that's it I am done thank you guys so
much for everything thank you for a
patient thanks for waiting now I'm back
to my life now I'm back to destroying
the world now I'm back to making more
videos I'm focused on me and my career
and providing you guys with awesome
constant thank you so much for watching
villains thank your true love you please
give the slug a big thumbs up let's see
how many thumbs up we can get for my
birthday yeah it's a challenge thank you
guys so much
love you
