what's up what's up villains good
morning from Kent
I'm finally doing something yeah so
we're going to the stuff in five Twitter
Yod slash boat I'm sorry if it's windy
guys but you know what's more
entertaining it's like a swinger lunch
dude oh dude there's a girl's need right
now and actually pretty good-looking
girls were like an adults-only hotel
look at that board
beautiful here
damn it is absolutely fantastic here Wow
look at this guy's I just turn up the
music for the vlog
sorry vlog is more important than your
house hi guys we're about to get on the
we're about to go to a restaurant
Rhode Island it's finally I can actually
talk to the camera yes we're on the Isla
Mujeres we're going to restaurant were
you from check and the Russian ladies hi
Russian ladies yeah we got TomTom thanks
for bringing us out dude it's awesome I
can't wait to eat this fish so Bobby
told us there's a restaurant here when I
can fish they cooked it in the oven when
we need a white sauce that sounds
amazing I already told you before we got
some of you're a singer really good
voice and there's a microphone right
there what's not better than to go sing
I forget about your order you're gonna
go sing no come on go sing do just get
up no don't even ask
you sell out more than Justin Bieber
come over now you're getting a thing
dude just good walk go ahead
no mic the microphone is not connected
he says damn look at that food Wow looks
delicious
thank your girlfriend you're feeding me
that's the most amazing thing you can
ever get from Russian girl just defeat
me
you gotta come close you gotta close
what's up village another day in Mexico
I assume that was that was not awkward
at all everybody's looking at me so
today we're gonna go jet skiing right
now with some ghetto Mexican place about
that lunch not yet it's like an
old-school family-owned type of stuff
guess who's here Kirk is here did a vlog
even yesterday huh I did it I did video
letter that you came I just gave you the
camera yeah I didn't vlog it's impatient
looks like your boy Kurt came unprepared
I really did you see toothbrush
deodorant reasoner yeah you asked me you
asked me is a weird to share a razor
that's rude I use an electric one like
blood and yeah a cut-up when I hit yeah
man you been working out dude you look
at ribs Wow like the tally oh stop it
dude his building is on another level
fancy look at this look how beautiful
this is Wow
I wish I lived here with a view like
that and so much energy in his apartment
right because my last windows and the
water is actually really clear here
though
beautiful I was thinking thick I don't
have one pick we need a picture I'm not
alright guys so yeah we're about to go
jet skiing hilarious
I just let it flog him he was drilled
walked by you and I know what they gonna
point out that's not about her so I just
pointed out before they could
alright guys so after jet skiing we are
going to Coco Bunga to do a performance
Nima told me about he wanted to perform
as I thought it was funny if we pushed
ourselves outside of her comfort zone
and so now randomly did a performance at
this crazy circus Olay Club show in iron
performers would be funny force
ourselves yes it shots like he might be
able to set up now since when with him
to check it out son of the fan okay guys
so it was a very basic meeting it was we
can't with your ideas and we're gonna
make I'm gonna make a sketch out of it
where it's like we go there we come to
next to come again for this an awkward
situation I would have to come up with
the show on the spot so we're gonna
bring you guys along tomorrow with us I
don't know what to expect on this thing
it's a pretty big club
it's back every day full of tourists
Kirk was gonna join us
we're suggesting I should be a guerrilla
or something you should be a princess
so we just got here for the soundcheck
all there Eddie did one but this club is
crazy because there's a spinning floor I
don't know if they're gonna turn it on
tonight but you saw me with that Mexican
girlfriend vlog this floor spins it's
pretty crazy you just go around do
whatever you want and go backstage
do whatever you want shop guys if you
think I stopped working on them because
I'm traveling that's the old bit Tyler
back in a day working out every single
day
this is really good for my house
the power is unreal this body weight I
love this field ebon can you see the
bump your arms are pretty big it thanks
bro
do some push-ups push-ups Netflix and
chill dabei so one thing I forgot to
tell you guys about these lines that
Shah has that represents good energy
leadership I would say like ye the
leader is that there's no competition
I'm gonna keep everybody just and you
may anymore we what his lines were
presenting the Tigers and war yeah
different things Lancer our leaders
there their strength courage powers hi
guys so the club is bumping but it's not
failing right knock knock
right here we got shot we got a
beautiful Russian friend oh my god
so yeah we can't wait to go on we can't
wait
we got my boy - - what's up how are you
performing tonight
yeah he's the funniest every time he
goes on stage in place brings a girl and
they do biggest booty contest and
whoever wins is left the sticker cash
cash creative for player Hey
the show
the party's over
last night was crazy Wow so it's a great
day I lost my voice because when you two
want to talk to people you want to talk
to the girls
you just gotta scream Luda I can you
hear it about myself
yeah anyway it's not gonna wish you a
new year because we should do tomorrow
in tomorrow's vlog so yeah we got Steve
Aoki fading LeGrande killed it Kash
killed it awesome guys really cool
humble this is awesome and yeah so yeah
actually can't wait to go back to LA my
vagine gym routine working routine 1016
it's gonna be a great year mmm love you
guys thank you so much for watching this
vlog don't forget to thumbs up and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
let's do daddy
