what's up guys what's up villains I'm
here with the awesome chains in Cancun
how are you and some girl that's asking
Who am I good that means I need a work
harder
Chickenfoot in the world a word
Arai getting back in the car where we
going email also on the other beach club
never been do some partying right now
because it's a it's a weekend it's the
weekend
Bo's oh hi yeah yeah of course
see we got fans all over the world
ever what's up who's going to take a
photo
it's for her but she wants the photo
yeah yeah but this is mine
also took a picture
yo Shah why is your name all over point
up shine through David just and shizer
David wow you're a mr. popular huh
so guys anytime you come to Mexico you
see this guy
tell him tell me so what's up sup amigos
what's up that's crazy
but Mexico so far has been great
Wow Wow that girl's butt was way too big
I actually have a video on my facebook
that it went viral when it's like you
guys want to see the biggest booty and I
went up right up to her instead of
pouncing on her head and I should have
done it this time but now I didn't I
just logged it but give me what girls do
that and girls come on anyways this is
Shaw's view sha your view is amazing
hey what you think about that girl's
butt bro honest opinion not what God how
sure do you think looks like tester - oh
no no it's beautiful out here
so anyways the end of the story is that
it's beautiful here and I want to go
back and now it's my head on that girl's
butt because she deserves him
you want to do an attention like
seriously you get a cut that big I don't
know what do you guys think why don't
you tell me the comments below okay guys
after a crazy pool party I'm gonna call
that a party with some not that many
people member so a good time with
friends uh we took a nap we got Tommy
here
Tommy's a singers out of it you guys
nice songs you usually you should hear
his voice one of the beers laughing are
so anyways right now we headed to dinner
with the boys girls whoever's there and
then another wild night and tomorrow we
having a great boat party party / I'm
gonna fly the drone / we're doing kind
of venture stuff jumping off the boat
swimming hopefully see some fishes we're
going to an island we're going to eat
them Alerus tomorrow and we have a
special friend coming in tomorrow I
don't think I told them who's coming so
you guys can you guys guess who's coming
tomorrow guess in the comments below is
come
every single time you look at the camera
I know I want to make a compilation all
my hair fixes how you start your vlog
every day it's like this
there's a burger look at this oh my god
beautiful I don't know where the night's
gonna bring us but I'm gonna bring it
somewhere we're doing a bottle of
another tequila we drink so much tequila
yesterday I don't know you guys Mexicans
is do is drink tequila tequila tequila
tequila no great you stick you no more
drinking cheers guys no it's water guys
Cheers
I'm saying today wow I was little but I
put my I pull my card it just just
played it between everybody I didn't
know they're gonna play that game I
don't want to play that game again tell
my only champion
so wait did you / tour just won you
paint all things like thank you guys
give it a round of applause for Bobby
please thanks
are you
Oh
how to wear or
all right back after a wild night and oh
yeah tell you guys something about the
little girl yes sir my friend did not
push her he moved her out of the way
after he gave her $60 sixth American
dollars but he didn't take the thing he
just gave her the money but whatever she
was selling and yeah and he said a nice
joking away so if you guys been offended
some we were touching there if some of
you guys have offended sorry I apologize
I apologize I'll take the responsibility
okay and he was saving her she was on
the road she's a little girl on the road
there was cars traffic so yeah wow I
can't believe that let me go on the mic
come on a crazy night shucked it up he's
like you want to go the microphone I'm
like sure some I don't provide the Lions
and tried to be a cool guy at the end
you ordered up I don't know I don't know
this is crazy anyways guys thank you so
much for watching these travelling vlogs
things for thanks for everything
I'm just bleeding out if I'm gonna fly
my mom to Cancun for New Year's because
I don't want to leave her alone there
obviously and New Year's is my favorite
holiday since a little kid New Year's is
just amazing
I love New Year's just Mexico has been
great so far uh uh but uh tomorrow I
think no not tomorrow like an another
day we're going with Freddie Legrand
with a DJ then sty Yogi's coming in and
then Hardwell so I'm pretty excited
about those things uh hangout vlog bring
you some cool bloggers but
