what's up balance uh good morning from
Cancun that's right baby
time to wake up time to make positive
things in your life time to go have a
good time
time to go ten time to go swimming time
to enjoy life time to stay positive
that's the key to success water
alright guys has already said with a
beautiful cancun just with the drone
it's pretty windy out so it's kind of
risky if I got my boys a here what's up
boys look at you that's of the fresh
glasses whoo what are we doing today
we're just going to walk around the
beach have some margaritas they'll relax
marthy a bit more adventure start so
today is the first day in you know chill
is the commute aful crystal clear the
water is
yeah Merry Christmas
it's a white everyone else was having a
you are having a white winter or white
crisp meadow you he's gonna crazy a
white ball watching this from snow from
halt or depressing weather and way out
here so spoiled in the you butyl get a
lot Sandy Christmas yeah white beautiful
I don't know why I said wife without a
wife
the beach is amazing so while there is
really no beach damn your parents did
some damage on this lot no you gotta say
something look at this look how
beautiful this looks
Wow it took him half a day so we made it
this looks unbelievable what son's grave
ready to do some damage oh yeah it's
good here Persian feast time yeah oh you
all right guys we headed out for tonight
and look at this car look at it's a
Hummer
I never been an armor before it's safe
to say now I'm with Shaw it's like a
tank bro I guess I guess camera shy
camera shy no it's really nice I'm gonna
vlog it from outside so anyways we're
going to dinner and we're going to where
the city this is City
oh that ventured up tomorrow you want to
do it you want to do during the week
right yeah cuz weekends are packed in
the week we can get more exclusive stuff
so okay we're gonna to go to the caves
out jumps in the games just notice we're
gonna go to the cage diving with the
sharks Holly I do feel that tonight's
gonna be a venture tonight we're gonna
be in the cave here you go now you got
the armor damn what a machine what a
beast this car is holy
this thing is beefy Wow Shama Biel baby
Shamu Beale got the mescal aid look at
this thing
shooting pranks out of this would be
perfect you get on the back of it put
the camera on hell yeah oh yeah oh
you're so nice dude I thought you only
do homework that's enough you need some
money go go study
Oh learn English too I'm not Italian
looks like you know I got recognized
what time and people were like oh like
you sure he'll miss camera round some
girls come up to you should pretend like
somebody you're not like your battalion
Oh show us and that it works out like
are you batalla t but I'm not but I say
yeah
that's my phone I'm gonna take in the
bitching about this I'll take a picture
on my phone and send it to your email
all right ah no problem oh thanks
so after dinner they just hooked us up
with chupa chups chupa chups I didn't
know those things existed are you crazy
those things are like 567 years
that's dead as hell that's what I used
to get that's what I used to get this
when I my mom gave me money oh yeah I
can buy myself a Jewish another stop
stop so tonight we're playing roulette
with a credit card whoever picks the
whenever the way to fix the card put
this behind your value for the bill and
then King didn't want it or not it out
it would make them more losers back in
the new keys is the winner for the top
okay and listen listen listen there's I
don't want it the cars were here I don't
want to show the card numbers but
there's a lot of black cards I feel like
I'm hanging with important people but I
don't know what they're doing but yeah
there you go oh you're not babe
I got with a black card I thought it was
my dad no yeah
you got a lot I know
Oh
this guy told me he likes my videos
higher we got a nice view of Mexico
right here welcome to camp crew guys
look at that the street looks crazy it
looks like a mini Vegas it's pretty nuts
out here I'll tell you that much
oh yeah look at that this is an awesome
plate whatever we're at the city yeah
we're about to walk into the city right
now it's always day
DJ Vitaly why is Escalade is not working
they can't afford it at work should be
hard no I know they can't afford it's
just when I get to a thousand people in
the tree oh yeah pretty much LEDs off
too
I go pass by
take it the catacombs I want me to make
where the time of where we going Bravo
all right
got the whole team here
Wow what a crazy night guys thank you so
much for watching this vlog hope you
guys enjoy just us having fun messing
around talking and yeah this is how we
hang out so don't forget to give this
blog a big thumbs up and I'll see you
guys tomorrow for some more epic vlogs
we're gonna start this adventure let's
go see Dinah great job 6 a.m. for shoes
to not eat
