what's going on villains what's up
what's up ah got a haircut today and
right now I'm on my way to pick up NEMA
that's right all morning I was editing
so Nima's French ah he's in like a
nightlife industry and he flies out DJs
and stuff like that so we're gonna be
having a great time he's gonna show us
good time but we're also going to do a
lot of adventurous stuff a lot of cool
stuff for the vlog we're swimming with
the sharks ATV riding I told you all
about that stuff before I don't know
what to expect from Mexico
I'm hoping the weather's good the ladies
are hot and the party is good mom if
you're watching this talk about this
they brought so many bags holy shit
if you guys really gonna make this
mission accomplished Nima met his friend
so I'm gonna give him a ride right now
oh oh you guys really you guys really oh
my god
we're still getting pulled over wow I'm
done we're so getting pulled over just
take a linear so anyway what do I take
you guys would I take a go now go now go
down to Mexico that's right we're going
to a Mexico Mexico so we just had a
meeting with Iman the things we're gonna
do but we have been doing a lot of
things but first of all they miss you
bro
what's the traveling again it's been a
full year and we're traveling again last
time oh my god there's one destination
and we ended up traveling for five
months so this three months for me five
months for you yeah this time I they
were only go for two weeks I hope but
said two weeks Mexico Mexico that we're
probably all where Mexico well might as
well come to go to Peru yeah we live not
we never new words last time I went to
Indonesia and Asia and then I ended up
with traveling we ended up traveling
Asia so not the opposite now we're gonna
just travel South America yeah and the
goal of this trip like we're gonna get
stuff off of my bucket list
yeah we're going to do things that we
haven't done yet and provide some
entertainment for you guys I gotta put
my seatbelt on
is it going to chew me out so yeah I'm
about to edit my main channel video on
other compilations so if you guys seen
it you guys seen as sum of a lot of
people didn't see a lot of people like
my rest so I'm going to do my
compilation of 2015 and that's it I'm
gonna put my seatbelt on and we're off
tomorrow oh my god
I added so much stuff and you take
something boy what are you doing why are
you letting your mom do all your laundry
he's dying
my mom is that if he's working too hard
good evening what do I feel a little bit
oh yeah you wanted for the construction
company so she built what our public
toilets yeah yeah yeah you're so lazy
you have me do your vlogging yeah you're
okay you're folding you did sit back
relax I'm just thinking about this trip
we got to get up and like in five hours
at six o'clock in the morning okay are
you taking all this stuff it's like a
winter clothes hello I'm taking the
whole closet no Pete I want you to get
away to take the light those shorts and
stuff it's a summer it's hot you cannot
war during the day the black we go to
Alaska after to go snowboarding hmm
that's something I'm telling you right
you have so many beautiful thing times
what are you taking it what is that hi
guys subs are you look at neba blue no
it's okay another why what's going on
six hours six hours yeah five hours five
hours
your boys different haircut on fleek you
told me not to get my Cologne you told
me not to get my girl procharger because
it can get at the airport you can get
both of them at 7:30 in the morning yeah
or even in Cancun but okay okay no who's
gonna be fine
yeah I saw the videos I wasn't really
excited but nothing I'm not saying you
weren't excited at all really start
seeing the videos
then you got really really excited
really yes I was excited yeah just in
case if it's a little cool you don't
mean you don't think I was excited at
first no you're like okay you die don't
think you know what you're in for at all
I think you have this image in your head
of what you think it's going to be like
but it's going to be completely
different
really and we got a lot of really cool
adventures planned I'm not gonna spoil
it for you I'm just gonna like I'm gonna
surprise you going get out there all
right we'll see we're gonna surprise the
viewers because now we hype them up
because they can't wait for Game two
blogs and Oh again we're gonna deliver
them the best stuff ever 10 days in
Cancun let's make some magic whoa
top Nima what up it's 6:00 a.m. all the
way to the airport Ellie I'm excited are
you excited I'm so excited I love
traveling trip how good will see there's
a it's like an empty canvas we can take
it however we want to take it I hope and
I pay up too much but other reload yeah
never been to Mexico never imagine you
go there so this retreat we have let's
see what it brings us Nima I never done
this way drink before the flight why do
we order these for a good trip start off
there good trip a nice breakfast la
drink
Bloody Mary all right let's do this
twice huh I don't know what's gonna
happen over the next you have to choose
a great trip cheers villas
so a lot of people been asking why I'm
not home for Christmas because I don't
have a family my mom and my friends she
left you
that's it so my mom is gonna probably
come for New Year's to came through and
what's your excuse why you're not home
with your parents
my family is all in different areas
right now where my mom's near I'm my dad
my sisters in school she's doing her
studying stuff so I see it's okay so
we're having a family boy's friend's
vacation / Christmas / New Year's
holy crap it's hot as balls but you know
what's back through here hey what's up
my friend how are you
me Muslim Batali excellence adventurer
how are you oh it's so hot
Wow reminds me of Florida probably times
5 so we're doing this me my patellas
excellent venture with Mexico let's do
this guy's alright guys we made it to
some random restaurant I don't know what
it is but shop it's up shop that's gonna
be our host and we're having welcome
drinks suitors yeah and look we know
we're in Mexico but we got these things
sombreros oh yeah let's ride bro like
any powers you're a total Mexican yeah
yes nice thank you
oh yeah whoo damn it can't even fit the
hole
thank you hey what are we doing here my
fellow so he has a fingerprint Dora
access so now you're giving you access
to his house well it's good then I got
left foot again head of three times oh
oh now I didn't work you did something
wrong oh yeah good really simple just
got to put a finger on it three times
great job 6:00 a.m. pushers are not easy
more do a great job higher on the wall
hi guys thank you so much for watching
don't forget to thumbs up to slog I will
see you guys tomorrow and that's it Anja
Asche
