what's up guys what's up villains ah I
don't know where to start this is
nighttime
yep finally getting out of the house
with the first time yeah tell them the
way you've been chilling at the baths
old
I've decided to take my mouth for sushi
we're gonna meet up with Erica and Eric
we're gonna and I did not give Greg
Erica nary a haircut Edie but uh I was
gonna say I wanna give up all my best
wishes to jesse wellens he's still
looking for his mom this is crazy
the what up here the news it said his
mom wasn't listening yeah yeah it's
already like six or seven days so Jesse
I just wish you the best you guys go
should treat jesse wellens and set him
warm regards because you definitely need
to jesse stay strong what come on stop
doing this shit stop doing it yes go
hips let me remove intersections getting
a stop now
why did you be overly fucking lanskell
won't ever do this again I'm just
telling people happy holidays hippy
colobus Shh ooh cute oh look who's a
dinner hello hello
wow this is good it need to like
sous-chef least once a week nah this is
good
alright guys I'm gonna go to eating
sorry so we eating here I though really
so are you the mom really yeah wow
you're good looking mom yeah so we're
gonna take a selfie how would I say he's
hot oh stop it
that's an awesome mom stop
your mother's crazy time yeah my mom
would be best friends what's up yeah
what's up bro what's up what's up yeah
so last night I drink that that party
that I went to the birthday party and my
mom dropped me off to pick up my car
look how steep this hill is Wow I will
have my car dinner roll away yes you
have enough room but yet follow I hope
so let's see so decided to stop at my
favorite place ever villains and
milkshakes and since they like me and
they haven't seen me in a while they
gave you two milkshakes
I got a Nutella Ferrero and another one
what is she just surprised me so my
mom's been complaining how she regrets
that sushi and everything so mom I just
went to millions of milkshakes and since
the Nova install third they just gave me
two and he's so I dreamed up and I asked
for a media one she gave me a large and
look and I feel like such an ass because
I already started drinking yours no but
I know you don't want to buy it because
you were complaining you want that's why
I left you a little bit here take a
space please watch it ever dream stir
see is it good yeah
so I told my mom to make me a lemonade I
never try this I mean I love lemons but
we didn't have any iced tea I just want
to drink water to drink your water all
day so I was like something meals it
make me right now since you're in the
kitchen make me one please Oh whoo shit
beautiful no not everything
it's not that's alright yeah yeah doing
my ears what do you mean you look like
mud
I should have a trap
I should have to come over no no do that
your eyes cross my eyes yes when when
you meet the girl for the first time in
you it and you will know for it but you
know like if you watch you go chilling
with Netflix and chill of this girl and
then you want to fight and go this
lemonade is delicious yeah good right
right
take another bite okay that mom was hot
she's watching this blogger I she was a
hot model she's like you're a hottie
Emily I'm sorry guy I think we're too
much all right guys are you still up
they happy or how much makes you smoke I
don't smoke guys
I don't know what's happened with I
realize what was the final solution do
it double world star hiphop first I'm
going forever and mom since you
complaining about your weight why don't
you just do model has six ribs removed
in the world's tiniest waist she oh my
god she's hot girls these days RJ oh
she's hot though she's not if I brought
her home would you care yeah I was kick
you out with her to do that to yourself
I'm gonna remove six ribs how she can
because she's like Hideko Zachary I
think she wanted to look like a light
bulb
cuckoo shark okay guys thank you so much
for watching and watch out for
tomorrow's vlog because I'm gonna
announce the winner of the five shirts
congratulations on the whoever is gonna
win well I'm gonna congratulate you
tomorrow but good luck on tomorrow's
vlog you'll find out what the shirt just
stay engaged thumbs up this vlog comment
leave a comment on whatever and just
stay engaged then your going to be
winning once a week every week I guys
love you so much thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you guys tomorrow
this is that him a little oh oh
