what's up villains how are you I'm doing
finally great great yeah I mean I feel
much better my nose might be a little
stuff but feel great hundred-percent
good so right now I'm going to Nike
store to get a gift card for my boy
Logan because I'm going to surprise
birthday party and after that I'm headed
to Jimmy Tate your shoot and it's gonna
be my first time actually earlier
Michael times at 6:00 I left my house at
4:00 so I got two hours I'm taking my
sweet time listening to music and
driving around but one downside about
our late today's look it's raining baby
hallelujah lalalalala alright I don't
know how I'm gonna do this but I'm gonna
do a dedication for Easy's Oh God
alright three two one so they told me to
come back here yesterday because they
were ruling the truck and then I came
here and no her drive
another waste of a trip the guy went to
check it in the back but I'm like yo
yesterday waited for half an hour and
then you guys started to come back today
they're gonna have it for sure
and they didn't have nothing what's
going on Best Buy
well then you have the hard drive so I'm
kind of upset now but I'm on my way to
the shoot now and welcome to LA you
leave your house at 4:00
your call time was at 6:00 and you still
late Christian texted me he's like yo
everybody's waiting for you but you guys
kissed Oh relax Russell Brandon
motherfuckers
I think you just got to me Oh a little
it's kind of sentimental oh look at this
everybody's so quiet what's up guys
Polly this is a nice party but the
surprise is not coming in two people Oh
basically this uber driver doesn't want
to take my money yeah
are you serious I can't buy you lunch
dinner nothing okay guys it's the next
morning and I'm gonna do a couple of
things basically before you exit this
vlog I'm gonna do a giveaway I'm gonna
do all the regional Natalia shirt a sign
I'm gonna give five of those away why
five I need you guys to give me a thumbs
up on this log in common I want this
shirt because in that case I need to
train you guys with an engagement so
right now let's say the top engager is
this username so I'm gonna choose top
five so I go it's sort by engagement one
two three four five these would be the
winners right now
but since I'm doing it right now it's
starting right now so I'm gonna announce
this uh when I'm gonna announce it I'm
gonna sit in three days three days is
fair enough five of those shirts signed
by me all you have to do is thumbs up
this log and comment and I'm gonna train
you guys to start coming up and
commenting in every vlog because I'm
gonna start giving away every Friday I
would say every Friday I do a giveaway
one the tally shirt this time I'm
getting five but usually we'll do one
and sometimes it can be a big prize who
knows like for Christmas I want to give
you guys away I don't know cameras
GoPros what do you guys want for
Christmas I want to do like a five big
electronic giveaways comment okay so
basically give me a thumbs up on this
vlog and comment what you want for
christmas like for me like five
electronics from Best Buy what do you
want cameras GoPros my vlog camera just
name me five Oh big five and then I'm
gonna do an Instagram giveaway for that
and yes I'm gonna give them away
yes I'm gonna vlog I'm shipping it out
so don't think it's like a scam or
anything I'm shipping everything away
all right guys anyway see you guys
tomorrow thank you for watching this
vlog yeah me and the Nima looks like
you're going to Mexico so buckle up
prepare for some wild logs love you guys
Missy Daniel what are you doing not
what are you doing 19 so
