what's up village say what's up balance
good bra I would need more on the phone
and I feel a little better I'm not as
sick so I'm heading to the gym but right
now we're gonna talk about our trip to
Cancun Mexico so I'll keep you guys
updated after this phone call because
it's really hard to hear him I wanted to
hear you guys the full conversation but
it's hard to hear so I'll translate it
out there stop me at the gym with this
guy you see what's up brah look at that
he's he's been training me lately but
this question is this even lift let me
know in the comments below guys if you
want me to do even little part 3 I did
part 1 part 2 at the gym let me know do
part 3 to the bodybuilders you know any
good gyms with bodybuilders yours so I'm
gonna go do it but for now I'm gonna go
back into training because this guy
kills it good too bro
chicken arms I'm kidding
goals just got out of the gym and I feel
really good did some chest and triceps
don't want to do cardio yet because it
still kind of stigma feel much better
guys and so why didn't you and I talked
about we talked about going to Mexico
Mexico this trip might be most likely
paid for so it's beneficial for me to go
there instead of going to Dubai and
spending whole bunch of money but I just
came back from Dubai so maybe I should
give it a little break even though I
loved about to death as you guys know
Sonia and I can do new adventures like
ATV riding swimming with the great white
sharks Night Live there's gonna be DJ
Steve Aoki hard well we can hang out
with them also so you know it's very
beneficial for me to go so I never been
to Mexico so hopefully I don't get
kidnapped now but I heard Cancun is
pretty safe but yeah so I'll keep you
guys updated on my trip for New Year's
but 2016 is my year I'm done that's it
2016 I'm coming back and I'm gonna work
really hard harder than I'm working
right now you guys think just because I
don't of logs I don't do anything you
know I can party and I can work but I
gotta lay off partying on the next year
because
I just wanted murder in 2016 I got the
movie coming out we're doing a tour I
got a show coming out just a lot of
stuff new channel pretty excited about
everything and I'm starting a new meal
plan actually in January and you big
meal plan that Danis froakie's gonna
hook me up with cannot wait for that to
do another I'm doing like a 90-day
transformation so you guys stay tuned
for that let's do it together all right
guys I'm headed to the doctor right now
not for the sickness but I'm gonna get
since I'm open with you I've been so
open about everything I'm gonna go again
check for STDs and HIV all that good
stuff
after all my overseas trips you know you
never know you got to stay clean so I'm
gonna go get checked right now and in a
couple days I'll let you know the
results so this is the second time I
come here and it's closed
I've gotta go back home but actually I'm
gonna go to the bank of America receive
some money and hopefully and continue
today I think I need to go to Best Buy
so let's go what are you doing nothing
what are you doing nothing so how are
you how are you 11 all right guys I sent
home edited for a little bit now I'm
headed to Best Buy to get a hard drive
to copy the files to transfer the files
from edy from the Dubai all the clips
because my mom's complaining I want my
pictures of all my pictures so and
there's a lot of pictures probably that
I did not upload so I'm gonna get those
pictures uploaded get my mama her
footage and pictures and yeah you know
what's really funny that I've been
telling everybody what's the what's the
secret behind doing YouTube I'm like
consistency consistency is the key and
with the vlogs I haven't been doing it
I've been doing it for like two months
straight and I skipped a week and that
would like ruined everything so I gotta
like restart again and vlog it's like a
lot of pressure because I I want to
entertain you guys I don't want to give
you boring blah
like me talking right now I don't know
you guys maybe some of you like it so if
you don't like Dubai it was like an
action package vlogs they're just
non-stop action action hitting your face
and then when you come back to LA to my
regular life it's like okay do I want to
see that that feel like you guys don't
want to see that so I kind of didn't do
it and then I was busy but if you guys
enjoy these type of Long's we're just
driving around in LA to talk to you guys
keep you updated on what's going on in
my life I'm gonna keep doing it wow this
is so great they didn't have the hard
drive once you get that's it no best buy
the hard drive Wow they say come back
tomorrow we're loading the truck right
now
great great
everybody's going out tonight for drinks
I'm probably gonna stay in I want to
work I just want to make some cocktails
for you guys
so just got home and yeah so I have a
question for you guys in the comments
below let me know where you go in for
New Year's or were you out right now if
you're not traveling let me know where
you add and if you are traveling let me
know where you're going I would love to
know maybe get some ideas from you you
know so it'd be good to know but a lot
of this side my mom's out I'm home home
alone who wants to come over everybody's
asking me to go out a family's gonna
stand and are they I'm just gonna stay
in and yeah I just wake up tomorrow go
to the gym eat healthy like a 8 today
you guys won't believe this song right
now it was like craving a piece of
chocolate a little piece of chocolate
I'm just going through the drawers where
I found the chocolate last time and
there was a box and I remember a long
time ago mom told me a fan sent a box of
chocolate so this fan from Asia in China
obviously can't read it sends me a box
of chocolate have a bit it's open so my
mom's been hiding this chocolate for me
and eating it which is fine but yo that
was a bad idea finding it oh boy the
things I'm gonna do to it through this
Asian KitKat
and these looks fine I'm about to open
everything one of each look at these
have you guys seen this before
hmm I know it was amethyst it's for my
girl Jermaine Nicasio she follows me on
Twitter she gives me a lot of love on
Twitter yeah and now I know he thinks
just making me fat now thank you for
sending me all this chocolate this is
really good now I can put this back
probably the KitKat is amazing I don't
know what kind of kick-out is this but
it's delicious you know what's really
funny guys really funny on the fun
grades back then what do we see my vlogs
it's really my life it's really how I
act it's really me and I'm not you know
other vloggers not gonna talk about
anybody just letting you know just
letting you know
pick up the camera Oh
hmm take off the camera this is who I am
just a little just letting you know I'm
not firing shots of any other vloggers
I'm just saying I wish people like
sensors mean I'm like censoring for the
internet but you see me hanging out with
the girls in Dubai I wasn't sure like oh
I don't care that some of you guys think
I'm a man award stuff um you know I'm 23
I don't have a girlfriend I'm just doing
me you know so uh yeah just do but you
know I'm just letting you know guys that
all these blogs I'm talking to you guys
for real so you guys appreciate it and
some of you guys say that I don't care
about my fans I don't want to go on this
rant and stop but I should because don't
say I don't care
tell us about money money money if I was
all about money I'll be uploading on my
main channel probably 25 videos a month
and shit and they would all been shit
but also give use I'll slip your money
so no okay so I really guys appreciate
you guys know who you are the real
supporters but who you're not just don't
watch just stop watching it
what don't watch my channel if you guys
are bothered by me it's like you're
coming back for a reason
you obviously want to see something so
but anyways I just have nothing else to
vlog so that's all I'm logging about
this but don't worry guys I'm not butt
hurt or anything I'm just getting ready
to go to sleep just chilling in my
kitchen right now I gotta actually shoot
with Jimmy teacher tomorrow he invited
me to one of his sketch comedies whoa
finally yeah if you send me a script so
I can't wait to think I'm playing myself
I'm not sure I read it I got to read it
again so tomorrow I'm gonna be in the
sketch with Jimmy th fo I'm gonna vlog
behind the scenes that I'm also going to
Logan's birthday party so I hoped you
guys come with me so don't forget to
come tomorrow thank you guys for
everything
give this vlog a big thumbs up I'll see
you guys tomorrow
mr. Dinah flex don't be shy yeah boss
the bottom I'll take the city how do you
play the mini city it's just like I'm
just like yeah
