what's up guys what's up villains are
feeling a little bit better
here's my start of the day I'm cooking
some chicken some vodka
I don't know how you stayed in English
way anyways yeah this whole morning was
kind of stressful with my mom and stuff
we're just arguing about where to do
blah blah blah blah if we're gonna go to
the buy anymore
Nemo talked me into going to Cancun
Mexico so I might go there alright guys
I fell asleep and guess who got me out
of the house on his last day that's
right I'm so sick and I'm here on sunset
we're about to eat some French food so
cool these cars I'm gonna get spaghetti
bolognese so I can suck up all these
carbs my sickness I got able are at
airborne it's very important it's so
many people are super really I got a
ride go ride your pic dogfish on Shona
Malcolm
the food's gone around I guess and they
cannot wait to get better so can you get
back to the gym I wanted to go to the
gym right now for go to the gym things
are only gonna get worse and gym is
actually two blocks away maybe I'll eat
and go but probably not I'm gonna tell
milkshake I'm getting into a milkshake
up for this come on you ride a dog I got
airborne but I got a headache you're
born okay yeah it sounds horrible so to
Ross crazy Russian hacker show Dennis
this trick that Dennis showed me to put
airborne in a hot water hot boiling
water perhaps this is the best Emily I
can possibly ever taste I can drink this
all day
Wow it's so good Wow damn Wow
sorry diet for one day but I'm gonna
have to let you go I just got home my
mama's going out tonight looking
beautiful give me up to 60
yo chill out okay
Wow we were arguing disability now look
we love each other it's a love and hate
relationship it's a love and hate
relationship it's a love and hate she's
so beautiful
all right guys right now it's time to
talk for us so I'm home right now sing
us out my nose clogged I'm watching
videos about North Korea why cuz I want
to go Lord to North Korea I know it
sounds ridiculous but I want to go vlog
there Oh Sally can't vlog that's right I
want to do things that you're not
allowed to do so doing research about
North Korea right now learning stuff
that's crazy how people never feel
really bad but anyways so I don't know
how'd he go to the doctor by the way
today I just slept just that guy's I'm
so sick so I'm sorry today's and
tomorrow's vlog gonna be a little off
I'm sick so set it like seven times
skipping gym that's two days I skip the
gym I can't believe it
and thank you for the people who forgave
me about that uploading vlogs I really
appreciate you guys that always doing
good I was getting good numbers and I
fell off again with the vlogs but we're
gonna pick him back up again
thanks here is gonna be a big year for
me and for you guys I hope you guys stay
very good necks here like work hard
because I have a lot of plans for next
year our movies coming out I'm filming a
show thanks here did I say that right
and I'm also give long sticks here well
I'm starting to have a butt and I was
starting a new channel I gonna tell you
what it is now it's already started I'm
sure some of you knows about you don't
so yeah huh what else I'm not going to I
don't think I'm gonna go to the bye
I can't do meetups which I like Sprague
and Dubai I just I don't think I'm gonna
go I think I'm gonna go to be able to
Cancun Mexico it would look like with
sharks right ATVs do everything do a lot
of stuff for the vlogs and obviously for
travel because I actually draw it and I
want to do a lot of things with my
bucket list
why don't you guys tell me below what
are you guys doing all the New Year's
Eve I wanted to go to Thailand there you
go
I wanted to go to Dubai I don't think
about it go I'm still like 50/50 but I
think it's gonna be Mexico and then they
probably gonna hire me to go the flower
for Spring Break
I don't know it's just to talk so I
don't want to see too much I said it's
sick I started rowing I'm sorry but uh
yeah so I'm gonna do a lot of more stuff
of my mom's tree guys miss my Bob I'm
filming pregnancy O'Leary's approach
that arrest video not because I'm lazy
that I would have four breaks because I
feel like it's an awesome video it's a
compilation of all my arrest I think
it's awesome and for the haters I should
even bitch the the haters I don't care
about the haters you hate cuz he jealous
well you know they say so yeah it's so
much real villains and this video dope
the actual board pranksters aw can't
wait for the boobies covered early 2016
trailers Cummings shouldn't tell you
guys that I really love you I really
love you I'm gonna go back to sleep
forgive me literally off if I wake up
stick to I'm gonna punch myself in the
face because I want to go to the gym
this is looks nasal spray all day and I
know but it was big you guys are like
Polly's nose is so big yeah you know
they said big bills all right anyways
thank you guys so much for watching I
love you guys thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you tomorrow
