what's up villains how are you oh my god
it sounds like sorry I know I've been
slacking with vlogs and everything I
just been super busy but on the other
note I'm picking up Dennis right now
we're going to Lionsgate photoshoot for
the movie from billboards for every
promotion
I heard there's gonna be a photo shoot
with explosions and stuff so there's
gonna be huge lines gates doing this for
us so I'm about to pick up Dennis and
we're gonna head there and we'll see
what this photoshoot will bring us but
yeah on the other side apologize about
sucking on the vlogs I've just been
super busy and yeah I just didn't want
to pick up the vlog camera for a bit and
that's all I agree you guys got so I'm
sorry about that I'm gonna try my best
to continue with his loves so I just
picked up Dennis and we got to the
studio oh man I'm sorry this is a DVD
video bro this is serious look at that
official official you see all the
pictures on the way in yeah we could
take out this you got some luck
no but the food's for us get on it
Dennis Italian Rome nice cool that's
nice the best part the best part about
is we got food so tell me okay what
should I show them the natural more
bracers merch they're gonna go crazy
I see those wrong yeah let's go check it
out let's go yeah guys this is pretty
crazy we got makeup here we get a whole
bunch of people's to get started yeah we
got stylist and we're gonna this is so
badass this is awesome
damn dude we're gonna buy working about
it's going guys look at this Andy babe
he's a badass
looks pretty I like this the best ones
your favorite in the comments below
just the MVP dog or the handcuff this is
my favorite oh this is too much problem
I like of it it's not as famous I like
the blue one time almost got beaten up
but I got away but my camera guy did
unfortunately I think he got scared to
film I'm like bro you gotta keep filming
so I grabbed the camera out of his hand
and I started filming
down you tried to swing at me I guess
it's a fluid me with where the room is
accustomed you know so but yeah I mean I
bet jail anytime soon Springs but never
really got beaten up and thank God
I mean I get you up the more Marlon Jose
but I don't need to give it up to go
viral I got this to go viral so well
there were two of that the older getting
the more who know older I'm getting the
more I feel found on the streets till
2:00 in the morning picking up shots pay
attention to what in the details are we
come up with original great ideas we
feed off each other but alleys more
crazy he'll go he'll go to this end
Romans more like you know I'll put I'll
do this to my girlfriend kill go crazy
this way this family and then I'm like
in the middle like hey well what about
the people were praying what could I get
for that so when we do these things and
put that combo together usually the
viewers are happy the people being
pranked are happy only time I've ever
experienced anything negatives with the
police you know they're not usually
happy and then we're going to court we
win and they're really not happy so they
can I get the button on each thing but
and I have we both live in Columbus Ohio
and how we live in what it we didn't
know him at the time we started making
some pranks and we had tranq blow up or
tendency on the streets he does went out
in front of these cops and like it
really stir up the unites our first like
breakthrough and then Vitaly
one week later came out the zombie prank
where he's chasing nudes dressed as a
zombie and like nobody was doing
anything edgy on YouTube we were like
the first guys that not be doing family
fun pranks so we just came together we
started working together and we just
evolved into making a movie and all this
craziness but we together was it's
really
shop in our well that was took my face
oh oh my Rhea I like working system
beautiful shot him in the arm with the
first one you know what's funny is like
when you were coming this way I was like
something's up dude oh I took a bullet
to my arm road that was my face it might
like blew my hair off I was a vegetation
I named that it's back though I guess
yeah that's a good picture that's a good
picture actually
yeah
Marta
yeah yeah it is either better over there
hello we're just shooting some folks but
ya know he deserves for all the things
he did to us
yeah just get it no I don't think you
should do two if you do it to me
I'll bring the cop taser and things only
will get worse I probably shouldn't
actually tase any who cross that out
it's just it's look we're like just in
case something happens I'm gonna shoot
all days each other red carpet is better
I was like there's not jackass come on
yeah see I never it's a good save good
save
boy my hero in this our master lipstick
real lips right now just learn if you
have too much of yourself so we're doing
the red carpet photo shoot and about to
put a lipstick
like this okay go straight we want any
of the Pittsburgh's anywhere else gonna
rip his shirt off faculty funny I mean I
I'm just saying like well my boobies so
much she doesn't even eat at me I do
like that she gets the most it needs to
be the most of shine okay
nag will write natural you better start
kissing me time is ticking include this
in my damage week but my spray might be
my beat what I don't think you gonna
make out I don't think either nice
flawless I like to be fresh I know Kelly
no there's like no job I know he's
trying to impress me sorry that's what
happens when you work with natural born
pranksters you're gonna get into some
weird shit alright alright first kiss
for the day should I sit down yeah okay
so just smack in the middle right oh
look at that that looks great
okay so far so good
yep move into the next time Kelly that
color looks great do you think things
are getting a little hot in here but you
would be from this side all right
details I love my job
good
Wow fantastic that's perfect okay
oh yeah okay so that's very successful
man after everyday the movies didn't get
really easy oh damn already no natural
born pranksters right there I'm like I
did not expected a flashback to the
World Cup in the $5,000 ever dude Katie
was try blah dropping this on this
rubber Kim so people gonna go like this
there's like a $6,000 get up
yeah Oh how much more hundred yards my
vlog camera died so we're about to egg
this glass I'm not thinking I see is a
glass right here and we're about to AG
the crap out of it legally
then it's you're excited sorry sorry
little sick guys I hope you're enjoying
this logs
no no we teach you cheat off you guys
enjoying this vlog
I'm back full time sorry yeah look at
this
eggs we're gonna egg we're gonna we're
gonna egg stop alright so after the
photo shoot we decided to come to our
favorite place earth cafe we Dennis but
then we got a little guest here it's a
fan they came up to us and we invited
him to eat with us let's not know all
the way from Nigeria
my name is Cosmo white I'm Nigeria my
name is a palpable white marble white
yeah I'm from an awesome name hell yeah
bro
Nigeria man then is here so nice tea
enough to buy him dinner do it let me
buy it she didn't know he said no no
okay wait I respect what are you doing
you guys no no no thinking either you
know they give a commodity none no good
so we're about to eat drink a coffee and
think of we're shooting some fun pranks
tomorrow so yeah all right guys thank
you so much for watching this vlog make
sure you give it a big thumbs up and if
you haven't got your villain shirts yet
they're available right now in the link
in the description thank you guys so
much for watching and I'm sorry that I
skipped these vlogs I'll see you
tomorrow I promise you now also have a
main channel video vitalyzdtv best
arrests or crazy eye rest whatever you
should go check it out it's a
compilation of all my arrests on the
main channel so thank you so much for
watching I'll see you guys tomorrow and
yeah don't forget to get your shirts
listen thank you
it's a video
