what's up villains what's good she my
boys my ladies and gentlemen got another
villain yep I've got another villain
long sleeve anyways Angels last day here
we're about to go to Hollywood Boulevard
I'm gonna film them actually it's gonna
fill him with a 360 cam I'm gonna upload
a 360 video on my channel push to his
channel should be a really good video
he's gonna walk down hollow a below are
doing freestyle while the camera is
walking so you're gonna be able to spin
around see everything and then we're
gonna try to make it to the Hollywood
sign hopefully it's not gonna get too
dark because it's been getting dark
super early but it's his last day so I'm
gonna spend it together and later I got
dinner I got dinner with Dennis and the
whole team for the go away thing that I
told you guys about that I'm gonna go
away can't tell you what it is I'm gonna
get sued but I'm going away it's for a
YouTube and that's it that's all I can
tell you so we get here to shoot the
video but first got a problem these boys
got a flat tire it's alright at least
happen in the parking lot not on the
side of a highway yeah alright and look
what how bad he hit the curve so you hit
the curb
yeah and nailed the curve and coming out
of a driveway oh ouch it's okay we can
still do some 360 of course so we're
about to right at the perfect son we're
going to shoot 360 video you're excited
you know I'm just concentrating you
might as well warm up bro alright it is
an eatable you got enough rope Rozier
man I think either I can hold it or
fatality nah you can hold it I'll let
the professional yeah and we'll just
walk down hollow Boulevard right what do
we start from Highland to deliberate to
because we need to videos or go maybe
Hollywood maybe Hollywood High two
hundred boulevard court just go up there
stop guys I'm in Hollywood with the best
ever whatever filming through the camera
watching
we've got the best the pan is the
champion of the world right here
tell us anymore
steal the show from the
look at that yeah private property no
really why don't you do that backflip
kill it with the backflip on the leave
goddamn baby you sexy huh here psych
I'm kidding I'm kidding I'm kidding
come on oh look at this guy buddy I was
kidding come on baby
hi sir let me ask you something if I
grab your ass big in our recipe it will
be double favorites that's like I know
just take a picture I love you more
why are you leaving out it's there you
know no don't say no buddy I love you
too let's take a picture smile
is your husband
I offered to grab our booties for them
to arrest me Wow
just not 30 fun I fooled Bray a full
Brendan that's real joy about Brennan
bulimia are you serious you know it's
really believe in said in my pants
I'm not Russian in downloader so
penis
are you gonna be so
yeah one o'clock and go
yeah flash you go yeah
he taught me well
he taught me well fetch the red carpet
let's go let's go let me take it from
you just come here
no come on guys come on just go come on
she's gonna go back flip come on why
would you get mad come on just ball
costs more than your life
damn we just killed this Wow damn it's
better than I thought would be well we
just skill I mean with it that is 60 man
killed it
you killed it you especially you're the
star of the video but you know what I
liked when you guys see this video that
the whole time we were shooting 360 I
was messing around with people so just
like a salad it was like a talent
combined with prank oh it's a new thing
now talent with pranks oh my god your
facial expression and then he pranked me
back because I was like oh my god please
don't drop a sound pay for it oh good
yeah you guys already know it's the next
day it's the next day
and look this is we're eating for lunch
I'm gonna continue this vlog but I'm
gonna open up a new one but before we
started eating I'm gonna show you guys
quickly epi Oh guys look knit over here
but before I start eating I want to show
you all the villain hat purchases we got
we got over it was sold over like 600
hats but here's a few villains that send
me their pictures so check it out
all right I hoped you guys enjoy the
pictures and yeah is there anything
funny so yeah
villain clothing is coming out will
actually came in out as you're watching
right now the villain gear is out right
now I got the villain v-necks I got the
iPhone cases Sampson cases for any
follow that you have the butcher number
phone case is available then we got the
long-sleeve v-neck sand regular shirts
so go ahead guys the goal is to sell a
thousand in till January 1st so let's
bring the campaign and also that
includes in the campaign five random
Skype calls for 15 minutes each fan
video Skype call and five signed shirts
I'm gonna pick random winners so ten
total so out of a thousand I'm gonna
pick ten and you probably go there
that's not gonna be me never say never
because you never know so good luck guys
the link is in the description below go
crazy semi and all also feature in my
vlog so yeah tweet me all your purchases
so now your boy fishel II got the V next
I've been waiting for them for a while
now check him out
nice damn son see I wouldn't sell
anything that I wouldn't work I wear
that look at that why Haley I'm gonna
take tons of those to Dubai nice awesome
alright guys the links are in the
description below so if you want to
purchase any of that phone cases v-necks
regular shirts or long-sleeve check them
out below thank you guys so much for
watching this vlog don't forget to
thumbs up oh you guys is it I hope you
guys and I hope you guys are having a
good month oh yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow
and I've been working on some main
channel pranks so don't worry see you
guys tomorrow this is done
