good morning villains what's up what's
up guys I'm on my way to set right now
early time called I would say I'm going
to just see with Gina prank Academy
they're doing a prank can't say what it
is they want me to be part of it so I'm
super excited headed there super late
like always I said so I'm trying to get
my ass over there so I should be there
soon so I'm just going to set and they
still filming their intros
look at this take some like what 45
takes to do one intro I guess they
wouldn't be perfectly able to be
perfectly lunch time with these guys are
literally little guys it'll be good so
we're about to do an epic prank can tell
you what it is guys but it's gonna be a
pretty dope you know what's more dull
these foods staying healthy you got a
salad I'm saying ready I'll trade you
you don't wanna spit right now you've
been doing shit though later I might be
going to San Diego
I don't know what
Luiza he'll be the booster booster they
already made plans I would cancel my
plans well that's one thing about me I'm
not worried not like you yeah Jesse so
brought you a present from Dubai bro how
about to get out of that damn is it she
gave it to me but brought it straight
from Dubai yeah she gave or did I get it
all right you too he got me a present I
told him how much it means to buy right
he's like don't worry bro we can't make
you feel at home here - I wanted to buy
with you and we're gonna bring one back
with us yep and then I'll end with do
you think this is your fondest prank
Academy prank yet the most interesting
interesting I want you safe - entire
yeah no not fun is interesting I like
that they got a tiger Jesse got a tiger
you crazy boy slept buffet just for Pez
my live large this kitty
all right time to go prank all right
yeah
so I've been pranking what you guys
think I'm adding good so far great job
doing good job thank you I mean so much
coming oh yeah give me that give me that
we're using one of these things I got to
upgrade for my youtube channel
these are like $2,000 a piece right Wow
should have said it like four thousand
spiked it up damn Jesse this is you just
don't stop this is how you shoot your
vlogs this is not you stepped up right
you'll hold this like this the bolter
have hi guys I'm here at the restaurant
Oh today's crazy guys oh my god there's
a little baby dog that thought will be
do you think so I just get this dog with
women to win in the fire haven't shown
it
you think that's all you in reflection
this morning so what is that is it she's
angry
is she angry got my thumbnail you guys
know if thumbnails works on YouTube so
they use this tiger in what movie dangle
they hang over enough wow that's awesome
too beautiful
we used it that's it now it's going back
on Craigslist
what is $100 an hour for the tail all
right guys not the vlog came to then the
prank came to and then he's gonna fly
his drone thank you guys for having me
if you guys if they need more subs which
they don't check out their links in the
description birth boyfriend vs.
girlfriend and I'm opening up my new
channel mom versus son so I'm kidding
but Eddie anyway oh that would be scary
if it was somebody else I'd be like
whatever you I know if you team up with
my mom you're gonna do something nice if
you guys want us to team up with
Batali's mom it just sums up line this
video gets a lot of thumbs up Gina and I
are teaming up with her yeah let's see
what it comes up all those all the
villains thumbs up screwed on shower it
up got ready just warm it up with the
boy you ready for the road
but first let me take a cake no we're
gonna get a salad
nice English lotsa meat and we're gonna
get on the road it's party time tonight
at San Diego we can party we can pop in
policy out guys it's not just that mean
party work he's been partying working
and not wheezing discounted thank you
all the love you got in the vlog just
you know all the commas wow I've never
seen anybody being so nice we usually
shoot everybody out I don't like this
guy don't like this guy she's not even
one bag of coming above you you guys are
probably wondering what does this alley
been eating well here you go
still staying healthy life
with the boys
families follow you they made a lot from
you
are you coming to the buy with me bro
but another note he looks like an old
man with business
sorry bro
all right guys thank you guys so much
for watching this vlog thanks for the
love and support and I got some exciting
news for you coming this week yep yep
I'm gonna have you guys up villain merch
is coming out oh you know wait v-necks
long sleeve and regular shirts and phone
cases put your number on my phone for
all the phones are going to be available
we're gonna do a 15 day campaign so
thank you guys for everything literally
tomorrow's gonna be an epic day and I'll
see you guys tomorrow don't forget to
thumbs up
Hey
