what's up villains what's up what's up
what's up what's up what's up I have a
special guest here I told you guys about
already
it's Aintree Anderson the world champion
freestyle football football I'm in
soccer for some people don't know nope
it's football so we went to Brazil World
Cup and he is the one he's the one you
doubted me that I'm not gonna run across
the world that I always believed no oh
they have a coach rallied I'm sorry I
think you did yeah but thanks dude no
okay so yeah anyways I ran across the
World Cup and the filming I would say
wasn't that great but Andrew Texas me
out of nowhere and says bro I can get
your original FIFA footage I'm like are
you serious
he's like yeah he says me a screenshot
I'm like ah he's just gonna send me a
screenshot but then he really sends me
the footage and I have HD footage of me
streaking for the World Cup thanks for
that and guess what it's going to be but
even better than that
that they using that clip in the intro
of my movie as my intro oh that's sick
man nice to know I should have told them
but the way they edited the way they
edited the run it's not gonna be you
guys I'm sure you've seen it but the way
they edit it you haven't seen it what
they did to their footage it's crazy
anyways gonna take him to Jack and
Jill's showing them a good breakfast
lunch outside and then yeah you ready
bro whoo let's do this so I brought you
to the famous hallowed Boulevard how do
you like it beautiful I actually have a
meeting here and after the meeting we
gonna
you're gonna do Street performance
everything front of everybody because
there's a lot of street performances I
know he's gonna kill it with his
freestyle and once he kills I'm gonna
collect money and we're gonna give it to
a homeless guy was a great idea yeah
we're gonna see so if all your sponsors
drop see one day which will never gonna
happen if everything you got a back-up
plan
yeah Scott it would be I guess the sun
is shining here so that's good you don't
have to start out in England oh yeah bro
and this is the showers that you got
Hey
Hey
see that tires
doing on top of your feet
Hey
oh I'll do my challenge right now Andrew
Henderson has to go around the small
without dropping the ball is gonna go up
the Seska later go all the way around
down these stairs this is a finished
point right here are you ready mr.
Andrew all right whatever move on
hope he doesn't play okay okay
alright alright this is the this is the
Angela
don't be scared
moments
Oh
don't go down escalator you go this side
this side this side
the hell
you're killing it boy nah this is too
much what
it's good
hell yeah this is what I'm talking about
it you're the man
fathers gone Instagram the link is in
the description below he deserves every
single villain to go babylegs hell yeah
you do are you going to sir this is the
stairs this is the stairs
go come
and you're gonna finish this run without
dropping the ball where I'll be seconds
away from fighting out in nervous now
no last stair set last arrow set this is
seriously happening
we should go down the rail you should
have the ball go
no way you're sorry guys I probably
sound annoying but I'm amazed by the
skills no way is he gonna make it
yeah do something at an ending we need
an ending we need an ending of your
performance
whoa dude you really did that backflip
for the camera those clothes you really
attempted this backflip you just did
right you just had an injury you
completed that dude awesome back started
well I jumped it that's what I mean work
you did a backflip bro and you finish
this run without dropping a bowl you
just over coffee my friend that's it
enough no you guys follow this guy his
link is in description below follow him
and use Instagram nice good job execute
bill do you guys know that we just got a
massage actually we got a massage no
happy endings at the junior massage you
pulled your back after this
afternoon the first dollar inch my back
of it so
Vitaliy kind of heavy
refresh now drinking some coffee
we have coffee date coffee day I'm
actually guys going to San Diego I think
this weekend but the Andrew he's gonna
be the judge of the contest so it might
be a crazy weekend you know I'm like if
I go do that but first of all we're
gonna eat some good food you ready to
eat you're ready to what it is it's the
next day and what else I've to tell you
guys something so yeah I hope you guys
enjoy these amazing skills by Andrew and
my last vlog or should've gave a huge
shout out to you a national day and I
did not but now I'm giving it celebrated
I wish I was there I'm coming to Dubai
in a bit
I'm organizing the fan meetup for all my
Arabs that's right baby
I love you guys so yeah a lot of
exciting stuff coming up I'm gonna tell
you guys in tomorrow's vlog thank you
guys so much for watching this vlog and
your haircut and I'll see you guys
tomorrow does he thank oh you let me use
this one for a gold digger prank yeah
bro yeah totally dude sick
