Oh what's up guys I should say what's up
villains back to LA blogs and I don't
even know where to start first of all I
want to thank you guys for all the
support that you gave ad and I on this
epic trip
what's up Erica how are you so we're
back in America and let me catch you up
with some things Croatia that bet never
happened because of the prime minister
getting out of jail so that bat never
went through I'm gonna wait till next
time
what else did you guys ask me so many
questions in the comment Center although
a minor we know we're just I am I going
back to the bye
yes am i doing I meet up in Dubai yes
the only reason I didn't do it this time
because it's so hard to it's so hard to
get permits and all that so we're
definitely doing that but most of all to
start this vlog I want to start this
vlog with Eddie giving me a present it
should be the other way around I should
be giving a present for all this help
but looks like he wants to give me a
present I asked metalli if you wanted
some Easy's he said sure so are you
serious yes my name on it
look at that special thank you for reach
out deserve we honestly put what what
look at that from Jonathan over at
respond you know are you serious kids
wait in line for days for these things I
don't think you understand
like people yeah I don't appreciate it
she's like I don't think it's my style
but I wear this to wet pants on purpose
no you can wear are these club shoes
people will kill me right now in the
comments you're really gonna wear this
to the club yeah I just save them for
Dubai next time though there should be
my goal in life four days for these
things you got hooked up and the hope
you really hooked it up and I got it by
Ed's asking me do you want some sneakers
and sister what yeah I texted you
I offered you first Jesse but you know
he missed it well thank you very much
dude
let me put your beard thank you good
luck very very comfortable I should say
when I yeah take a look he put him right
on he ripped the tag like a case in snow
yeah bro some people say eyes are my gym
shoes dah dah dah
don't be too oh wait not even tell them
they're probably watching this and look
o come from okay now hold much you know
village shirts I got them in different
colors you're probably gonna ask why I'm
gonna release some of this sweet just
stay tuned Shane told her I should
pretend like like I should have let him
come and get all where's your shirt I
want to share their prison you bet yeah
here you go
how many patient just the easies perfect
looks so nice dude how do they feel back
foot awesome thanks bro nice coffee yeah
yep you're easy you're official make
your head heater breaks on my house I
know I can wait something on fire oh
stop
her phone Brooks's she's upset you see
the shoes that got me
no but may I have some chocolate please
chocolate you don't have chocolate you
know how chocolate she doesn't have a
song okay just just cut my mom in a lie
are you gonna lie to your son oh you
guys are probably sorry but you guys are
probably freaking out my mom is so me my
mom shit about that all right guys so
let's catch up a little bit so since
I've been back I've been hitting the gym
everyday going really really really him
at the gym been on a diet except right
now today's my mom's mini chocolate
she's hiding under her pillow her phone
broke her new phone broke she can't hear
anything
so what else yeah thank you guys so much
for all the comments epic comments and
all these logs lately he's been on fire
you guys been killing it so uh I'm just
gonna keep going and what else what else
is new anything your mom you want to add
I think we're planning to go mom on blog
in here
she's playing guys don't take her
personal anyway so I'm gonna go actually
we're planning to go to Thailand and
back to Dubai I don't know what we
should do
why we're planning to go to Thailand and
Dubai to be nice and stuff so yeah
anyways Dubai meet up what's happening
guys just just be patient okay so my
friend Andrew Henderson came from
England we met in Brazil at the World
Cup
he's a four-time or a fifth time world
champion with freestyle football like
soccer and yeah it's pretty awesome he's
really good he's actually in California
in LA I'm gonna pick him up tomorrow
he's gonna do some skills for you guys
epic skills we're gonna do something
epic not just on the ground he can like
hang off the pole or I don't know hang
off a bridge and just do the stuff look
at the dog
Matilda's leg isn't Edwin Edwards who I
saw were closed the fitness dog the eyes
are about to pop out these are the kind
of logs you guys gonna get while I'm at
the house like and have nothing to do
like if I edit it and I'm just chilling
this is the vlog okay guys it's the next
morning and I want to tell you a couple
of things that I had to delete one of
the Dubai vlogs for some reasons so
right now I'm reapplying the footage
like after this clip you guys gonna see
it so if you've seen it before that's
okay watch it again or ignore it but if
you haven't seen it you're gonna enjoy
it
so this is some lost clips from Dubai
and also the zipline I'm gonna make this
in the separate blog and when I do that
please appreciate it and give it a big
thumbs up I think I'm gonna upload that
tomorrow but watch this footage right
now it was from one of the parties in
Dubai hope you guys enjoy it give it a
thumbs up and yeah bring same card
collection so we just got to the party
what's up guys pause then what was your
name oyster Parsa she's shown her car
collection though how do you touch the
car it's okay from here I think they got
a good view last glass girl let me see
the Aventador
was out the rules is not here you let me
use this before a gold-digger prank
what's different about the Batmobile
that's 1500 whole world extra horsepower
how many dirty 35 is this the one that
now that Chris Brown has or thinks it's
the one Chris Brown go inside my house
this place is about to get crazy broad
but that'll Arjun
he was to be in the club I don't know yo
listen so right now we are up in and
Hertz Hills just kickin it you said so
making me come baby two days ago
okay wait on you she's odd she's hot
she's hot you're not drunk she's fucking
on the villains don't know what's going
on why don't you explain him calmly what
the car I'm sitting in right now sitting
in the factor of 2013 limited-edition 13
out of 25 is number 13 right now yachts
would limited-edition you used to call
me and I figured a Celica
because special number 13 in the BA okay
guys let him talk about much about this
car but the guy who owns it
he will tell you more about it why did
you show him I've been to the
Lamborghini 2015 there's only 15 whore
walk its the 50 year anniversary
35 extra horsepower 35 look at 7:35
where 1738 it's no car bro my car's your
car is your car take it out so wait what
about the fire though I'm done that's
what I did to the window Wow let me tell
you something mr. window Vitaly Frances
Lambo Lambo will beat me in the comments
below if I should use this car in my
next main channel prank video Wow bro
this is the car you don't want a girl
you just want to fuck the engine broke
well that was it so I hope you guys
enjoyed thank you so much for watching
this vlog back in LA feels weird
don't forget to give this video a thumbs
up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
mr. Daniel
