good morning villains another day in
Croatia actually last day in Croatia
with mush let's say morning up so I'll
come down to having coffee and reading
my newspaper listen once again this is
my meet up from yesterday mmm
pictures is more nice so today we're
actually going to attempt to prank the
ex-president waning right now having a
meeting meeting and talking about what
we're gonna do and stuff so yeah I wish
us luck cuz this is gonna be crazy
this is really happening how about you
printer president we got cameras with my
I got a nice camera over here nice
camera over here we got the whole squad
so this is like a White House or what is
this so you're nice all right let's do
this mom you nervous okay ma be nervous
so I'm here with mr. president how are
you thank you so he has something thank
you thank you my mom so you're gonna
show me some pictures yes wow you're
bringing the whole thing yeah so okay so
they'll be with you
oh I'm not needed here so oh yes okay
okay fondue ish just bring the
ex-president and I don't think it was a
good idea you'll kill me he's a little
upset this is crazy he showed me
pictures a bomb
called everybody everybody everybody
Qatar Prince Obama your show and I did
this oh man I don't know I was gonna
come out of this my mom pranked him and
the cameras had to stop rolling after
that I just kicked me out of his office
sorry so if you're watching mr.
president I'm really sorry I apologize
I'll promise you I will never do it
again love you baby
so after this prank it's not over we're
going to now ex Prime Minister he just
got out of jail she's been in jail for
three years he just announced that he's
getting out of the jail for years
he just got announced that he's getting
out of jail it's breaking news and they
give me opportunity to do something with
him and they know it's funny that he's
supposed to get out like couple hours
ago but they held them for me his
lawyers like okay we're gonna hold them
in to Vitaly goes there I think I'm
going to his house I don't know what to
say this is crazy
started by kissing guys disturbing the
peace videos now I'm pranking the Prime
Minister politicians and all that Lisa
Tom oh my god we just got to the prison
Oh what's up guys I didn't know they had
TMZ in Croatia are you watchin yeah
cha-cha-cha-cha ex Prime Minister is in
jail with Raja cha-cha cha-cha-cha bout
to get some more soap because he's going
back to jail we're gonna have to hurry
up
metallus counting the water so that
we're gonna hold them up so she's in
jail because of me for longer sorry dude
oh look how cold it is so now we're here
breaking news cha cha is coming out of
prison for four years after four years
look at all these new stations and they
want to give you the microphone to take
over the breaking news what do you think
I'm seeing it bad what may be famous I
think it's my edge of pranks it's a
extreme pranks I would say you know
that's why I stand out on YouTube
because
give a craft when people think about me
I just go out of my comfort zone to the
fullest to the maximum has your life
changed
my life has changed you for the better
you know I support my family you know
it's a really turned into a business so
it's really good to you know I live
differently I get all this attention and
I feel special and say everybody wants
to be my friend the people didn't want
to be one friend and it just feels for
the better and also I'm inspiring people
at the same time so there's a lot of
been since I did snapchat in front of
the jail hello what's up my girls
hey they want to cook me dinner tonight
hi I'll cook yes me get in the kitchen
now thanks Brode means a lot you crazy
he sits in the car and go after hey
shouldn't sugar go on top of the car
running for him you're gonna run me over
stop although the scarf throws nothing
doors
I heard getting I'm a parent some how
are you hello hello Holly
ozzie fuzzy software just jumped on the
car prime-minister time to do more
pranks I just don't stop working these
days guys you know maybe I took a break
for six months not really breaks but I
just been working on stuff lately and
I'm super excited to be in crash I'm
leaving tomorrow I know I actually yeah
so I'm leaving tomorrow and I'm just
sprinkling cranking cranking non-stop
it's fun I got to prank the President to
the ANA X prime minister in the same
damn day
god damn it's time to say goodbye not
really goodbye I got like eight years
yeah I got like seven hours what's up
guys what's up mom having a beautiful
dinner what's up dude
it's the Mehcad Odeon restaurant and the
setup is pretty awesome
they got live music over there they
playing pianos and stuff it's pretty
awesome we're about to eat then go out
show me the nice I want to change some
fobs and you'll see in the real function
probably change my flight it's live in
the morning thank you for the experience
thank you for everything thanks guys
desert tiles
Oh
is she
why
Oh
oh this is it we're leaving you're
running the crazy mush I might say you
guys have to see this guys make sure you
go subscribe to the Jumbos the link is
in the description without them I would
have meet the fans in Croatia I wouldn't
drink the president I went to prank the
Prime Minister I wouldn't be able to do
anything gracious to thank them and
they're the best I had a great time with
you guys you treated me like a king here
thank you thank you thank you for coming
here thank you and you guys yeah thanks
don't forget to thumbs up and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
I just showed up to the Meetup and
couple people showed up I guess I don't
know but what's up Corey
