here's morning villains good morning
from Croatia another day look I just
came down from the hotel and look who is
here hello so what is nice what news is
this RTL television interview to start
the day
and after this I don't know more in
sushi so they want me to do some
exclusive pranks for this channel and
I'm ready to do this we got the camera
guys somewhere over there across the
street and yeah I'm just cold cold cold
so my mom is not happy about the picture
that they put her in the newspaper so we
got to this place you're about to
Kirstin mouth to mouth okay there's
something much better what's uh all
right thank you
Xenia cheonsik can see the person sees
any chance I can see the person proposes
if it was this picture probably editor
of the show section yeah it's a big
problem
did you have permission for me to post
me
yeah my mother's side my mom as the
contractor was a nice addition you
should wait for it she has a car she has
a contract where she the marriage her
she's not a lot she's not allowed she's
doing a movie and she's not supposed to
be in any pictures or anywhere that was
good it's funny
hey guys stop Masha Masha beautiful I'm
gonna meet up in a couple hours bar
before a meet up you got to recharge
with this oh my
shut up look at this don't interrupt my
vlog ma'am we just got to add
observation back and I grew up this is
our group 360 you guys see the view the
mountains with the snow on top it's
pretty cool in the summer they open it
up so you can go outside it would have
been better without the jail jail rail
but no it's okay this is enough this is
enough contacted by mr. good about it
actually we made it outside it's nice
that's some talent brah this guy's up
with some cash of course man hey can you
stop playing cuz he's totally yeah I can
not you got friends so we just got to
the meetup and I'm about to meet this
boy exclusively it was a four stage
cancer and it's very sad and his dream
was to meet me still I think he's coming
right now but I'm gonna meet her the
meetup is gonna be crazy are you ready I
there's only tickets for 450 people and
I think it's sold out like in the first
hour and they're about to get more like
not tickets there's no seeds but I told
everybody
where's no tickets to come just to cause
the K house so we'll see yeah
okay welcome bro first how much do those
guns hey just a little bit not too much
I have one gift for you are you serious
in Croatia Nutella thank you so much man
this is really nice
now I gotta go eat it calm mom oh yeah
nice to meet you
so you're a fan - oh you can't believe
it are you just happy for your son so
speech was right not really but I want
to say so this is sorry Oh Daria Daria
has cancer that sort of cell you guys
and why don't you talk to the process
for my videos last year I have diagnosed
with stage four cancer and every time
they thought I put the new video of us
in my chemotherapy in my hand and I was
one with him and he put a new wheel or
prank with somebody he likes no
motivation and I can still believe he
likes it
where is this guy like I got a high time
for an interview before my meet up let's
do this I'm ready hi
Wow we're getting ready to the mustard
it look like a Russian better farm it's
really not a big hipster hipster I think
there's mass dishes like this there's
ridiculous maybe for like waving like
this
yeah
okay
you came this time from Dubai there it's
very hot yes it was very hard but not as
hot as you this is going to be a tough
assignment for me but that's okay I'll
talk to Ma Tei later watches my vlogs be
honest
damn so I gotta keep going with it thank
you guys now uh the vlogs yeah I show
myself drinking so much
I show myself being reckless and stuff
like that some youtubers like to keep it
clean and like be like no I can't post
this or did ever mean film it I just
want to show up you know this is real me
this is who I am I mean I have nothing
to hide so if you don't like it you
don't like it if you like it thank you
for watching and thanks for supporting
that's how I look at it how to maintain
the quality of the channels I always try
to top my videos while loading more but
you know you can't satisfy everybody you
know you can hit the jackpot all the
time so some people like it some people
don't
but I always try to get the video better
than the last one and it's a lot of
stress especially now yes it's almost
nine million subscribers it's like
you're gotta entertain the world so it's
like that's why it's kind of don't
upload as much as it used to because I
don't want to just put you know quality
over quantity yeah I used to yeah but
yeah my goes to ten million subscribers
and yeah just the vlog game I love all
game because
you know you get really personal with
your fans and they get personal with you
I read all the comments on the vlogs and
it's pretty awesome so I got to the
Meetup and I guess a couple people
showed up so always I just showed up to
the meet I just showed up to the Meetup
and couple of people showed up I guess I
don't know but yeah okay so you are
getting this is a kid everything you
need all the parts all the all the
components all the chips everything and
then you are watching video tutorials to
bring it to life so imagine a feeling
that you created this on your own
look at it so he's doing this unit you
need to try it let me work it for you so
let's just put it in the middle and drag
would you like to learn mathematics when
you see this that you can change and you
can for kirinda in the legs
well me Sally
so what is like a robot look what it's
like a learning platform you're learning
science technology engineering
mathematics while assembling
yo yo yo
go check my
chillin with the gear
because wherever tuition you
or
now relators still taking pictures we've
got some people laughing but no energy
everybody wants the picture everybody's
waiting so I'm not leaving until I take
a picture with everybody after the crazy
meetup we decided to eat I'm so
exhausted now what's up guys all right
so we got a fan over there what's your
name what's up like it's how much I'm
taller and so up oh look at this
