what's up villains my last day in Dubai
but before I go I had to check out this
place look at this bro what's up fish
hey so you own this bro
no you don't are you seriously this is
one of the awesome this not doing oh
this is one of the awesome rooms ever
bro curved screen you got the full pod
Wow static and got rally professional
fresh GP down so tell me a little bit of
them about this what is it what is it
like a new generation of a arcade thing
we have we have piloting for cadets here
aviation simulators you can do f1 on
that rally on that pretty much
everything you want to do but what is it
called if they want a dimensional
systems simulation once if they type it
on Google they can find it one ie or
simulation one CA
no I the link is in the description
below guys make sure you check it out
right similarly with 180 or dot CA which
I'm Pia that's why you're not look for
that's it
damn let's dust it out damn
carbon fiber prime fiber original Wow
leather rev limiter right on the wheel
see like a real 911 a player Wow we do
simulation one this place is another
level bro another level
dude do man have one in my house some
girls come over bro
wow wow wow wow oh look at this full
flight simulator there you want full
motion right now so what I'm going to
know how to do just shift up shift down
that's it woah wow this is crazy
well this is much better
so it's my last day in Dubai and I just
got to this getaway dinner no not get
away go away dinner and sucks that you
have any friends come no friends
what's up boy Wow what up let's have a
competition
I can't hear ya sorry this table wins
bro
yeah look at this sushi Oh what's up say
hi
11 out of 10 this one is 11 out of 10 -
I'll tell you that much
she's like why you I'll give you a 12
that mode oh wow
folks and hos
all right it's time to say goodbye to
Dubai bye guys
number two a New Year's New Year's bro
bye bye love you guys
thanks for everything love you make you
think you think you think you think you
think you thank you thank you good bye
bye bye bye good bye good bye thanks bro
thank you for everything I'm gonna miss
you see you brother
this is cheesy is the best this is the
bad guy ever
no oh because they're cute my second by
the way he helped me pull this prank
with a car so if not for him this video
it did what I'm done thanks brother
peace alright guys this epic blocks came
to an end unfortunately this is it this
is a thing for past 20 minutes right now
Aziz thank you for everything we did bro
anytime anytime hold on you're so Posh
that all to my boys hold on you're
watching this I know thank you so much
um yeah my Dubai girlfriend smile you
opportunist um her smile look great
Tecna look pretty good I think it's your
beautiful eyes phone call away like this
I asked my debugger often ladies and
gentlemen do not mess with her okay
she's mine what she should shut up
alright anyways guys and last but not
least Eddy bro she came out she did the
drone shots he did a lot I want you to
go right now in the link in the
description and go subscribe to his
channel get his channel come on blow it
up Eddy
you work hard thank you thank you thank
you thank you thank you and thanks for
helping me with these epic vlog without
you probably would have been 50% of the
vlogs but thank you so much dude
subscribe subscribe to Eddy and most of
all thanks to you guys I love you I'll
see you guys tomorrow Croatia
schedule is going to be creation blogs
are going to be crazy too so thank you
guys so much just got to the airport and
about to get a nice first-class lounge
to Croatia so many bags time for some
food food I'm hungry I am hungry I'm
hungry hungry hungry hungry boo boo my
mom tells me to wash my hands I'm such a
mama's boy finally got on the plane
after hours tired exhausted very
exhausted hello what do I offer you to
treat I would just ate and drink so
therefore thank you like a huggable doll
maybe no it's okay thanks well nothing
nice plan but
just landed in Qatar and what is the
what it would have what is the exit
there my mom
the airport is pretty actually nope oh
look at that McLaren or whatever that
car is it's pretty sick anyways about to
change some money because out any
Durham's anymore
change it to American dollars and headed
out I'm super excited too gracious super
tired barely slept and the flight was
like 45 minutes so right when I got up I
went down it was bad
alright guys it's time to take off right
now you ready mom
enjoy your fight with us today and we
thank you for flying
that's our Airways have a good morning
just got to creation look at this Wow
this is how you guys greet me
so guys hi I'm with Jim bus here my mom
we just got to Croatia and we're about
to house the cast right let's do this at
Lamborghini
you weren't kidding nice what yes please
yeah okay so driving from the airport to
Zagreb and look what I noticed I think
I've seen this guy somewhere hey bucket
list complete these guys hooked it up
hey well I'll take a picture so what
does it say how to become a YouTube star
yeah cool you guys should go subscribe
to Jimbo's the link is in description
below they're pretty awesome thanks for
everything guys seriously
alright guys I'm gonna finish this vlog
thank you so much for watching I'm gonna
start a new day for you guys thank you
thank you for everything I love you guys
don't forget to thumbs up and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
was it
