once upon a day there was a boy named
gotta buy cheap - cool now care he was
very passionate what he did for a living
he had tricks she learned 90 92
yesterday he was born
look at this talent wall he would even
fingerblast cigarettes yeah you'll love
it it was better than any girl he would
have she's dick even turning and his
asshole
into a dustpan he was a such a stupid
fuck he thinks he was driving he was
jerking off 999 times and the mail me
means you're so good
this is what I call perfection telogen
human being hard worker you will ever he
would even drink garbage juice
to be continued this stupid dog he says
being right now
bye-bye yeah I'm kidding you're not even
hug can you push me away oh just got to
the gym I'm here with my boyo goes to
say what's up Constantine we're gonna be
doing his shoulder with team Joey
cure-all so we waiting for my person but
I mean we're not going to reserve if you
want to go just do it it's like I
wouldn't care about him take his machine
so yeah like ready shoulder workout get
ready I'm going to be insane high
intensity where that's at I just get
ready as gold gym the body of Mecca I
see so many people that I look up to
here crazy
okay but I'm that person that never will
go say hi
I'll never have to a picture now
sometimes if it was armor sports maker
yet so that's for a picture but like
other one
Joe isn't a holiday or because I love
the Hat
the question is do you love it no oneno
here pops it up that's dried guru look
at our pump
these villains came out there from
Toronto God you can apply my rolling see
you can Toronto bruh not kidding should
be actually if you're watching this vlog
I should get the roll expected every
what's up with you working out yeah look
you know you're looking off I brought
was a great shoulder workout thanks
gusta placebo you're coming with me
hey I'm down with you read that as boy
whoo look at that
rawr II had an amazing workout it's good
to switch it up some time from your
original gym we got Tony back in the
house Sonya I'm bothering you so much
with this video but we're doing it for
the villains I my third day trying to
finish the spring third day so hard to
get reactions it's so hard to look is it
real gosh yeah I really you don't think
yeah well yeah third day I mean that's a
good point bottom you want to get into
the the haters will say what they're one
but yeah it's true so one of the fake it
will be done in three hours Thursday
guys you seen the vlog process third day
we just keep them trying and keep on
trying
we need like three four more reactions
to complete the video to put a cherry on
top
and yeah I want perfection if it's not
perfection
your boys not uploading quality over one
didn't get anybody the reactions were
bad so they're not going to make the
video so I got to postpone this main
channel video not for too long it's
going to come out sometime this week but
don't worry I'm not going to leave you
guys hanging without a month or two
weeks or three weeks without upload I'm
going to try to squeeze in a week and a
half at least but check out this
freaking weather buddy my camera just go
so slow I wonder what I'm fixing
aesthetics but look at this those will
stop raining in LA I hope tomorrow it's
going to be sunny so I can go to my
community service hours I got 14 days
left and I just want to bang him out
Monday through Sunday and you don't want
it to be sunny you want it to keep
raining Tony because
finish the movie he just wants to like
himself better finish the movie so bro
look hi every things slow moves
I wonder was it nice you guys are pretty
sorry well yeah but other cameras like
other cameras don't do that see what I
mean guys photos open shop yes money
falling out of go around okay Tom yeah I
just tried to go upside down in quarters
but it's following where Oh something is
there let's see if it's on top yeah
anything they're fucking I guess that's
all we got
was that all me no you eat not for real
I tell you oh my god what was it to to
us what's not some of them are going to
be like you're so weak man you're so we
got never done this much weight on the
on the maxing out so what are we doing
right now we're going to build power and
drink power and then we're going to rip
it and we wish it we're going to chop it
up chop it up because I'm going to be
cut like a diamond and for weed
right
they'd even help doing a arnold live
bomb dog instead it with two dumbbells
with permission how many how much is the
whole routine how long going ten by ten
class that biceps were ready to in
that's what we're out of breath oh uh
demon oh come on show how it's done you
go
looking great
large nonsense
you
so the Gun Club
just another boat so we did it five
times
back-to-back oh let's go
let's go be baby
thanks for takeoff
tips
fifteen
guys on a mission he's on a mission
alright guys I hope you guys enjoyed
this law crazy hours I have to wake up
at 5 in the morning go to the gym go to
community service hours come back and
then work out again and then by the time
38 p.m. and updated the slog so if
you're watching this is literally maybe
like an hour ago
filmed and I just want to say thank you
guys so much for all the support on
these daily vlogs it gives you
motivation to keep going also let me
know what you guys think about God
watching if you should come back in our
videos garbage in dumpier so a very
interesting character we got there and
yeah thank you so much seriously thank
you so much for all the love and
everybody's wondering what happened to
the Rolex the Rolex I'll tell you also
it's coming back he says he sweared on
his mother's life that he would send it
tomorrow which is Tuesday morning so I
should get it by Wednesday or Thursday I
will keep you updated throughout the
wave don't worry if not it's a full-on
bill in attack mode
don't worry and also don't forget to
turn post notifications on so you can
know when the videos get uploaded and
thanks for your commitment with the
comments and likes because the shout out
of the day goes to raise e Royals KP one
shout out to you bro thank you so much
for watching love you appreciate I love
all the villains thank you don't forget
to give this flock up alright don't
forget to give this log a big thumbs up
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
let's do diner
