what's up villains another day in Dubai
with these beautiful people what's up
this is my new friend Mohammad how are
you great Aziz you picked us up from the
airport how are you yeah what's up so
he's giving us a tour right now we're
gonna go ride camels but so whose house
is this or Sheikh Saeed this is his
honorable father beloved father of a
United Emirates here you go this is his
house guys wow this is awesome cool man
so what would happen to me if I try to
jump the fence it's not a good idea
the gate is open so you can oh great
so how people chill in Dubai this is how
they chill you want Netflix and chill
with squad squad goals right here since
they knew mom we were coming look what
they prepare for us some tea some fruits
you like it either great when they hang
out it's so many of them that they would
fill up the room they just need oh yeah
and then if you walk inside you have to
shake everybody's hand oh I didn't know
that see I learned you today brought the
Falcon the beautiful look how beautiful
it is this is the Falcon guy over so why
you put the mask on again or what is it
full yeah yeah you push your hand
through it wait
your official baby
I am a gangster huh slow so I still
stuck in there that way you can't go
make it looser back
okay so catch the Rope tight yeah hold
it tight baby
official Oh
look at this they care about you a man I
want you to make it nice
it doesn't buy right if you if you put
your finger to the mouth lefty oh well
maybe like you know this snapchat game
us younger in wish me you you I love you
I made it
remember I never used to make snap yeah
do you got left
I'll mix them this is beautiful
today I'm gonna be a camel digger that's
right so let's sit in the back right
yeah yeah I'll step it in this is
awesome
look it was all right my name is Bob why
are you talking to me for huh
don't you be filming me get my release
I'm gonna LA actor I'm gonna sue you for
filming me put this camera out of my
face oh really
yes why would you talk to me like that
because I told you you come to Dubai you
fly the drone over me you need to go
okay really yes
is that your friend Edie yeah tell him
he sucks at drones and tell him to take
him home are you seriously talking about
my friend like that no no I was kidding
okay
and I'm landing a drone moving on a
camel away from me
really I'm gonna zoom in super to get
you good luck be careful don't make me
fall please no cause hold tight
you're gonna think you're gonna fall
okay you use it that's why he's sitting
you got situating to thank you guys for
such an awesome experience
I love it me I love it I'm snap goodbye
number one for you number one hands down
your camels man this is cool it's a
really good experience mom would you
think best experience I love it it's a
solid such a baby I'm afraid of camels I
think ah this is the baby camo oh this
is like so these are the racing ones so
800 Durham's that's like what four
hundred thousand dollars three hundred
thousand three hundred thousand dollars
for a camel because they're racing
camels and that was your camel your
camel your father's camel
one to Ferrari Wow Wow
his father's camel one different was
that the same one in the camel digger
video or no no coming over there that's
a cheap shell
sir I think camel it's different this is
there a single we don't hide these
robots okay Wow very friendly
okay we don't bite I don't know I just
see he's was sucking my fingers so cute
he's like there's no TV ever again oh
hello you little cute little camel girl
fresh oh my gosh I won't kiss it
can I get kisses to me you know like
kissing me look he's like you smell boy
damned I just get rejected by the camel
yes you did I ten so first of all I got
this hat from Aziz he looked it up I
said I love this hat he's like a curious
man it's yours so I got a hat and now we
are at a condor shop I'm getting a
fitted condor Mohammed brought me here
I'm gonna get a nice Condor so I can
take home get a nice Yuri flag and
represent like I always so we're going
to a nice dinner with a nice view but
you know what's most importantly to have
in your life is your best friend right
here hey guys so we're gonna make it up
Kirk is leaving actually in two days we
didn't get to chill cuz he went with the
family thing you know all this all this
so we're gonna make it up by taking him
in the Ferrari nice dinner I'm gonna go
out to a club but you ready bro I'm
ready to make this an epic last my Dubai
trip bro
let's do it
my almost drove that camera Oh
so we're just parked and to get to the
restaurant you got to take a go-kart huh
come on baby boy yeah milk roll come on
what's up with this so I thought this is
Dubai and this is my bro and is another
bro oh yo and another all-mother from
another brother my mom my mom is
everybody's mom is my real like family
Union we were lost in a middle of jungle
or somewhere and we all get together in
Dubai Oh divine yeah we met again
awesome Oh dinner whoa sad Buda Wow the
vlog camera cannot explain how good it
is but yeah this is where we eating
dinner tonight we're gonna eat and look
at this
more juice add this is unbelievable V
that's right beautiful I don't think the
camera does it justice no it's too dark
yeah it really yeah like a beautiful it
all started in Utah then I want agus
give 21st mg k yep
Bieber 20 up then what Bali
yeah Indonesia yep Miami yeah you Utah
as well Utah where we've been somewhere
else
I remember somewhere else we everywhere
everywhere but now we made it all the
way to the bye and when would I ever
think that I'll be with this guy in
Dubai well we need are you high in life
right now
I do we be here not your wall a year ago
you will never found what we connect in
Dubai no no no whoa Indonesia and look
at this beautiful view
yeah this is amazing violife Oh
completely it's branded this is honestly
breathtaking that are you ready for
tonight are you Oh
challenge accepted hey so we're going to
the batter together like girl yeah well
these are joking here like girls ooh
this is a vlog about bathroom you what
is it wait what is there's like five
doors wow this is crazy
Wow no little Wonka she's the door just
when we thought it's all over it's
really not
this is the way I love how you get to
check out your own penis when you put a
pain this is the cars you see in Dubai
look at that - Aventadors dr. Austin SMR
that Aventador that's the last of last
year I had that one that's crazy
the cars you see in Dubai what do you
think yeah next level everything is here
is next it's normal here people don't
even look at your car like that I've
never I don't think I've seen one Honda
here if this guy thinks he's gone am
for what's going on right now guard why
did you tell there's a Maserati by that
white board and he's trying to
try to roll his engine louder than us
I love to buy something especially at
the club's all the nice car park stop
and they just back and forth and cops
don't even say award in America reckless
driving yep Tinian so last night
actually was in that place right there
but today we're actually going to that
place right there
but now we've raised him we had fun
coming in while this guy drove up we
like levels for Chrome is now five all
me yeah bloggers you got told do I leave
your comments below and how sluggers
rubber your sleep Wow the breaks through
got prey
Oh
how are you round to Dubai we're heading
to my Burj Khalifa yes ticklish Borowski
yeah oh she caught you're gonna pose oh
wow okay so we're gonna head and yeah no
I'm just gonna drive we're just gonna
drive
Oh
music music
alright guys so I have to tell you guys
something I haven't asked her a question
she's gonna answer it and you better
answer it correctly so I had a lot of
guys watching this right now can you do
no look come on stop you look pretty
subjects in here
can you give them a tip on how to pick
up a girl should they like kinda takes
the sting confidence a bit of Holmen can
take sequencing then cool what else keep
going just that's good to gun you have a
lot to say open up
you definitely have to open them to my
dream really that's all something
material so you're calling yourself a
gold digger
Meena doesn't know how we met
that's how how do you mean I came to you
oh wow I guess I got picked up tonight
ah good morning it's the next day what's
up Betty
it's the next day thank you guys so much
for watching hope you enjoy this epic
vlog goodbye / you guys enjoying this
log to see the comments guys love you I
feel like we're all friends and we just
relate to each other just look at the
comments I feel like I'm talking to you
so it's awesome
anyways thank you guys so much for
watching don't forget to give this blog
thumbs up I'll see you guys tomorrow
Oh
along with me please
