what's up villains what's up what's up
guys place be eating beach club right
here usually this place at night turns
into a nightclub on like Fridays and
Saturdays right now we're just gonna
have brunch pizza and look at our
outfits thanks mom
it's gonna be cold outside we're jeans
and look at this Oh James would you be
pleased I haven't been here before
you've been here you better know what to
wear here
listen I like the pizza raft a lot it
made me like that's like my least is
enough right there oh yeah sushi time
Foster nice and salmon avocado thank you
so much I some spicy mayo ooh you
offside okay guys it's time to eat look
at this still staying healthy and it's
pretty good what's up mom enjoying every
second right in Dubai it's like wow look
at the sunset it's so beautiful as
getting some shots for the drone he's
flying the drone look at this look at
that sunset
the Atlantis is over there I'm gonna
take you guys in a second right after I
eat this beautiful dinner I'm heading to
look for Eddie and check this out oh my
gosh Wow look at that the whole skyline
look at
look at the lighting its it look at the
life look at that sunset oh my gosh this
is incredible
we got a plantus right over there
usually the sunset sets right over it
maybe it's a different angle or what
that's where we're eating right there
ilene jealous envies taking my job but
look at this sexy beast flying this
thing a bit a little flex to those look
at this landed baby come landed nice and
smooth
really tight these first and catch baby
Oh God I was a creation that had a
person to catch this I caught it with
one hand
that was my first time catching a drone
guys it's pretty dangerous to be honest
and it takes does it take balls to catch
a drum you should never hand catch a
drone unless you're professional I think
we've just been crowned don't dude
professional thank you baby
wow my gosh I've heard about things like
this and I've seen it on Google Images
but never before in person this is
insane bro sure Shawn um I don't know I
mean we've been giving them a lot of
cool stuff away they want to see it all
I'll do that we're watching it from this
angle they should see from another but
here you go guys we're in front of
beautiful Atlantis in Dubai I think you
guys need a better angle don't you think
so I'd say so let's give it to him all
right
what happened Eddie I was just trying to
get a cool picture the security came and
said the whole Atlantis is contacting
them the whole Atlantis is contacting
the security because we flew the drone
Wow
but he's nice enough to give us a ride
back that can I jump on the back ok are
you taking us back are those police
station it's a trap demise nice look at
this we get kicked out and we get a ride
so we just got to Global Village
so Tom picked us up what's up some time
yeah we hope so town is just the best oh
it always wants to show us a good time
man
nothing but good things about for town
and mo showed up there my mom they in
the way back but look at this a
beautiful beautiful global village so
basically Global Village is a village
with different countries Egypt Russia
amen what is it what else Africa Africa
Africa Japan China England right
everything Glyn's
so it's pretty cool 85 bucks 885 last
time I remember 80 85 countries mom what
are you thinking what oh okay
no my mother does not have a vlog
Channel yeah
yo yo yo look who came the boys came
what up what up what up I'm sure had
already introduced some idiots along
with his little Jews but yeah we need a
group photo today not today no we need
in those outfits I think tomorrow we do
encounter riding o squad goals haha
cummin squad goals hey
hey what's up demo today
dbl arena not playing in a wait a minute
we're not amateurs today dear Lena
everyday Yamaha anybody play it oh my
god what oh yeah Java get there stop it
do you have enough drinks in your hands
I have another finger I can hold it so
you give me no this is absolutely
beautiful here do they have the global
villages where in the world in the world
yeah are you serious no only one in yo e
only one in the world
Wow like this any look at this Africa
China Paris hey they have Russia to rush
rhino a Russian people in you serious
there's a lot of rock boy I know where
the Russian people of their the clubs
right now drinking ah ah
the it's all Russian girls did your
luster boys Yeah right there I sound
like an idiot are you going
now you're dying Christ down like future
well yeah
so I'll tell you one thing guys that
I've been in 12 countries today and
another thing is
cock cock tea is very good very help
another news I'm still walking and
observing the beautiful global village
presented to you by Batali's dura best
you know there's never many places like
this on this world on this birth I
should say quite deep inside there is
and it's UAE goodbye city of gold where
only dreams come true one up out of line
goodbye want to drive a Batmobile Dubai
I want to go skydiving the best place in
the world Dubai tallest building in the
world if you buy you buy just amazing
Oh
so Moe right here well what did you
bring us
ah to the freakin honey heaven dog what
is this what kinda companies honey a
minute on your best honey huh this is
all honey every single one of I didn't
know honey had this type of color so I'm
getting this honey and what is this
we're gonna make it the mountain royal
honey royal honey you said the best in
the world
all right I think I'm paying for the
skin about $100 $100 this can best honey
in the world nice for my coffee coffee
and honey
whoo is great
Wow whoa it's not real honey
which one the bear one only one yeah so
if you've lip it upside down and it
doesn't leak that means it's real honey
nice awesome day at the global village
awesome the news you fed me so much food
so tomorrow I'm going on virgin radio at
6 o'clock in the morning it's already
midnight getting close to midnight so
tomorrow Virgin Radio Dubai uie with
Chris fate that's gonna be interesting
hey guys so we are going through
pictures today uploading an Instagram
because right now in California it's
around like noon so here is actually
past noon tomorrow early morning radios
so by the time you watch this - ready
I'm sure I'll be on the radio so
hopefully some of you're gonna hear me
anyways hope you enjoyed today's vlog
thank you guys so much for everything
and if I have a didn't talk to you guys
a lot today
does you know why I showed you a lot but
I didn't talk a lot public so anyways
love you guys
this is a knit so that's your new car in
Dubai mom nice Dubai's insane whoo I add
what's over
