good morning is sixty villains I woke up
at 7:00 a.m. as you know in my last vlog
actually not 7 a.m. 6:30 a.m. and I went
to the gym now I'm running off to shoot
an interview for this new TV show it's
the TV show about pranks it's like you
know pranks gone wrong or whatever and
they license showing my clips and they
probably license more but I'm gonna be
talking about those clips so they got a
hotel room somewhere in Hollywood and
I'm gonna go to the room and do an
interview and after the interview I got
to pick up my visa for Croatia because
it's ready and then that's it today is
the last day before fly to Dubai I got
to get so much stuff to buy new clothes
run some errands yeah just get all the
stuff ready charge all my cameras so I
just got to the interview these awesome
lovely people look at their setup so
what is this MBC what NBC caught on
camera with Nick Cannon okay I thought
it was a oops dark I thought it was a
secret I guess it's not so yeah your
boys gonna be on TV so we're out here on
the boulevard setting up for a nice
b-roll shots it's the full documentary
on me to him it's a good old Hollywood
Boulevard right here with all the crazy
people all the crazy this is actually
where I did my lighting myself on fire
do you guys remember when I lit myself
on fire at the end of the lighting was
set on fire prank
I let myself on fire there and yeah this
is the spot it was a Hollywood so
touristy
so yeah this is for Nick Cannon's new
show NBC on the NBC so I'm pretty
excited but I'm kind of running late
because I need
you can go to the bar without my
passport so I've got the visa finally
just got home and look what I'm gonna
eat I ate my food right now but I'm
gonna eat my mum's special protein
pancakes what is it banana vanilla
protein an egg and yeah by the way if
you guys want her how I feel after last
night I had nightmares by the way that I
became a beast yeah it sounds hilarious
I had nightmares I was waking up every
other hour had nightmares and one common
starting feeling my stomach and I'm like
ahh
so anyways I'm about to have a little
bit almond butter with them honey a
drink of coffee I can finally add hot
honey in the coffee but I can always
head honey
it's organic yeah it's not the shoot one
it's the teddy bear and stuff like that
it's like the original real real one
so anyways I'm super excited what yeah I
feel great after yesterday I still have
my six-pack yeah pretty good do by
tomorrow do by tomorrow that they
finally came that they finally came a
lot of crazy things I'm doing right now
so I'm packing all my camera's yes l our
main channel camera GoPros vlog cameras
GoPros and now I'm gonna have to the
store to buy a couple shirts buy a
couple of pairs of jeans I don't know
about the shoes do buy shoes Mickey
Mouse and looks like gonna be we need
the food no more Louboutins
so yeah just a lot of things are going
on maybe I should get a haircut before I
go but all I know is that tomorrow we're
off baby we're off less than 24 hours
I'm so excited that you guys are coming
with me look next day guys I'm not gonna
have any excuses last night was hectic I
was packing packing all night my mom
packed
I packed we're leaving in about an hour
and I still got more packing to do and
not only we're leaving in an hour after
finish this vlog edit this vlog and
upload this vlog so yeah that's pretty
crazy I am just running all over the
place what else
long story short these vlogs are about
to be dope I'm going to Dubai for about
11 days with my mom
gonna do a lot of activities and I'm
gonna vlog it all let me know guys in
the comments below if you want longer
vlogs in Dubai I'm thinking about 20
minute a vlog let me know because
there's so much to do it's so
entertaining just to energy when you
watch it feel like yeah just Dubai is
awesome and if you've never been that
definitely recommend you going there I'm
going with my mom it's pretty seem
pretty interesting very interesting so
we're gonna do a lot of stuff and if you
guys are wondering oh what's up with
your main channel my main channel I'm
under the pranks and Dubai I have a big
idea that I've been planning for since
last time I was in Dubai so hopefully I
can pull it off which I think 99.9% I
will and yeah it's gonna be a big big
video for sure I know I say that a lot
but I don't think your hands-on in
America what I can get in my hands in
Dubai so that's how you know it's
alright guys so I decided to split this
vlog in two days since we're flying so
basically yeah
so the vlog continious were going to the
airport and look at all these bags this
is how you know I'm going in the serious
filming trip like for camera bags
luggage bags this is gonna be serious
guys okay guys we're off and I'm not
gonna lie this is one of the freshest
busses that probably been on its the
Sprinter bus what's up mom hey these are
too big of a console to talk to your
fans like that why I'm just wearing my
glasses I'm wearing my little song baby
well anyway it's super excited can't
believe this is that time of the year
again
and prepare for these logs we made it
whoo this is an awesome bus right here
we made it
okay guys so we just got to business
class and I guess I can't talk long cuz
but look at this business bus is not bad
for Emirates we're gonna have a nice
little buffet food yep Instagram that
yeah I give this all the food all the
drinks you want some cookies well I'm
definitely getting a charge
look at these oh my god pretty healthy I
would say yes
Bon Appetit of what
are you getting do something here
alright so we baited look at us yo check
out these buttons do that and we're
taking up
oh look at you
but in order to lives
just woke up two hours before landing
and check out our breakfast
how's your flood we've been eating a lot
in the fuck of it live and I gotta stop
this is a pee but look at this brick
just letting it all in great food so I
get off the airport and we got this bill
and gives me flowers how often does
thanks bro
thank you hell yeah goodbye I love this
I love this how are you thanks to you
how'd you guys normally be here I saw I
trust your flight oh yeah cause you guys
know I just landed in Dubai and look at
the car if we're gonna solve this nice
I wonder who the driver is got to defend
we just came out to help the film Chris
we've brought so much camera here we're
gonna make magic for you guys wait you
guys are not even ready oh yeah and
we're off to downtown so we just got to
our apartment what's up oh they still
need to figure it out yeah they still
didn't figure out how we got here I saw
our friends are picking us our friends
are picking us up right now
and we got a two-bedroom apartment oh
this view is amazing
Oh
excuse me guys Xenia chairs available
here yes can we see it was here and
enjoy this view
alright alright so we're eating here and
Luca shows up police all your homie out
there in the lobby and I was like yeah I
know
yeah look at this having a nice dinner
with my friends til dawn oh you're back
what's up bro oh yeah you seeis which is
chilling here the calm before the storm
the Colin Powell store
thank you for a great night and thank
you for your camera milk yeah boy
love you baby see you tomorrow still ton
hooked it up some chamomile from Dubai I
know you ready to try some camera milk
it's caramel
oh my gosh
no alcohol for your boy tonight alright
guys thank you so much for watching if
you want to come back for an epic day
which is going to be tomorrow this was
just the beginning of the bike comeback
tomorrow guys and thank you guys I love
you don't forget to give this a lot of
big thumbs up and I'll see you guys dude
every move you're making right now is
showing
