what's up villains how are you today is
the best day ever
today's finally base 60 day 61 actually
my pictures are being taken in about
half an hour and I'm so excited to show
you guys the results that I've been
working so hard for it thank you guys
for sticking with my transformation
thank you guys for starting your
transformation and telling me how much I
inspired you to do yours so if you in
the middle of yours and you're gonna see
me cheat later in this vlog or possibly
tomorrow
ignore it please I deserve to have a
little treat I have not had any
chocolate alcohol or not I'm not excited
about alcohol I'm excited about my sweet
I want a nice piece of cheesecake I feel
like my body's missing sugar and I want
it I cannot wait I cannot wait for these
pictures I wish the best of luck to you
guys if you still go and stay strong if
you're watching this vlog it should
motivate you even more with my results
that you're about to see so once again
thank you
yo how are you I try what something that
you congratulations I'm 60 thanks bro
completion what's up with the headphones
were you already getting ready for the
winter just running to recognize weather
have you ready with the phone so day 60
right here oh god I'm nervous I know I
don't want to get off of it like right
now I can go up to these pictures of me
anything I want but don't want to know
kind of scared I don't yeah I don't know
cuz they sent me is still cooler today
and tomorrow oh just forget a cup of
meal yeah but I mean my program is
literally all the wonders for me 60 day
pictures getting ready for his photos
what's up do you know how many how much
weight you lost rolling twelve pose but
all that fat and build myself a the
muscles day that's getting ready for
these pictures
I got everybody's things set up BAM
that's okay I'm taking your pictures if
there's pictures like I need anything in
here Wow but not until after that yeah
while they're enjoying their lunch I
think she would enjoy the grapes grapes
aren't bad that's getting all dolled up
for the photos
exactly you don't have to unless you
don't want to be in them all right guys
I know you've been waiting for this
moment for a very long time about 60
days I've been waiting for it six days -
Christian shush should I take off my
shirt oh I think you should show because
the pictures they won't send me actually
a week or maybe two weeks after today so
I'm going to show you what I got before
I lose it
psych shown the goods all right guys as
I told you in the beginning of the vlog
today that I'm going to show you myself
on day 60 without a shirt so I am going
to show you this right now you can make
all you own fun of me but they 60 all
day 60 all day zero should say I'll be
in the best shape of my life I'm not
going to cheat I'm not going to drink
alcohol I know you guys all surprised
but I'm you know what I'm telling you so
you can doubt me but you remember when
you doubt me I'm always going to try to
be the best so if you guys want to start
this challenge with me it's not too late
just be healthy and work out you need to
lose some weight so I know I'm with the
program to push me but you can get a DVD
at home or
whatever whatnot you know it's never too
late with 2011 I was in the best shape
of my life I had a six-pack I was
feeling great you know when you look
good you feel great
that's how I used to do you know you
should with the beach girls always
compliment me you know I'm just a lot of
old stuff but mentally I'm not stable
right I'm mentally because of my shape
people come I'll be telling you in shape
you're not fat like no that's not why I
won't look so today I'm going to show
you and next time I'm going to show you
myself shirtless will be on a zero this
is me yes I got some muscle probably
under you know if I flexing stuff men
imagine me on day 64 hominid look like
me pull back grab besides this is all
going to go this is me next time ladies
and gentlemen when you see me without a
shirt is going to be on Daisy era and I
promise you you're gonna be whoa who's
that Vitaly I'm gonna prove it to you
guys I'm gonna make you proud and
inspired my villains thank you guys
I know 13 years old
don't you ask them alright guys we've
loved it
alright so sure look what dude every
move you're making right now is showing
oh finally not saggy back anymore I'm
finally fit in my jeans funding mm-hmm
ooh ahh mmm thank you guys for
everything and if you started your 60
day challenge right now keep going
because you're gonna look like this and
if you want 90 days you're gonna look
better and if you 120 days you can look
better but you got to turn this into a
lifestyle not just your 60 days out of
your life and you're like okay I'm done
I can go drink itself I'm not excited to
go drink and I'm excited to eat my
cheese cake and I'm gonna eat my cheese
cake and guess what I'm gonna burn it
off the next day whoa no down good now
I'm doing my day 60 interview right here
not on that pad I'm gonna come back here
the whole time I'm gonna give up a
little did they know Barney I used to
surround myself not that people are
supposed to surround really
really healthy lifestyle wake up at 7
a.m. have a nice healthy breakfast go to
the gym and I just feel better a little
better I'm more motivated and I don't
want to go back into Turkey I'm not even
excited about my hardcore partner got
some hardcore I'm so happy guys I'm so
happy for me for you guys I just want to
thank you guys so much from the bottom
of my heart for this transformation ahh
I don't think honest I could have done
it too
I was so strong I told myself if I cheat
which I will never do completely a
million years but I told myself when I
got through this program but if I cheat
I'll commit suicide that's how I looked
at it like if I take this piece of
cookie I'm gonna commit suicide oh my
god I don't wanna come in Susa no no no
like before it would be like strong yet
not i but just one just one cookie just
one cookie no this is like this was it
for me I can go talking for hours right
now hours I am so happy with the
lifestyle 60 days set goals and commit
to it and do not cheat do not go around
this goal once in those 60 days you're
doing it just don't do it once just
commit 60 days tell yourself today I'm
gonna start this and I'm gonna end like
this and if you do it you're gonna be a
better person at the end now look at
myself I'm like who's that that was that
vitaly was that all vitaly
i don't know who that guy is that wasn't
over tally y'all don't put me into his
body I don't know who you maybe look
like me without that was a scumbag that
was a saggy scumbag
Sagi scumbag and I never want to meet
that person again
I'm the new me here today with the
villains watching me thank you guys so
much I just couldn't be any happier
that's all but now time to go eat a
cookie or two or three or a cheesecake
but anyway seriously I know I'm gonna go
on a rant but this vlog deserves a rant
for the whole day so if I'm gonna talk
about how good I feel I'm allowed to if
I'm gonna talk about how ripped I am I'm
allowed to and I'm motivating you and
thank you guys for sticking around and
yeah I just can't wait before my nice
dinner tonight look who showed up what's
up Greg it's going on guys what are you
taking me today so we're going to go to
DJI and check out some new cool shit
mate the new camera that came out on
YouTube but I would like to talk a lot
more about it but it's pretty awesome
Nemo's like you should go buy it I'm
like no I don't want to buy now I want
to see what people think about it and
then Greg Cole's means like a they want
to meet you so I turn on the impulse
stabilizes yeah you have a smooth shot
regardless of how you're moving the
camera or bounty of course so the way I
compared to is you know whenever you're
on like a concert and you're trying to
get footage of like the deejay or
whatever say oh you're never going to
get that on smooth Shaun ever again okay
so you can touch and as soon as you
touch you see little blue screen come up
and you can move the camera whoa that's
it also didn't look there
congratulations look at these look at
how do students lie like this boot he's
actually ship boy readers but look
everyone's gonna dial up because we're
we eating today about food you can eat
what okay guys so I've been sitting here
we've been sitting here for about like
20 30 minutes now and all day actually
I've been wondering I don't know what I
want to eat nothing sounds good to me
dude cheesecake cheesecake I think
that's the only thing I want is
cheesecake
so since I'm meeting a couple friends
we're gonna go to Cheesecake Factory for
dinner and guess what I'm allowed to
cheat but I'm gonna regret it so much
not the Cheesecake I'm gonna regret
everything else I'm too I have a dinner
at home why don't I just eat it all like
so look tomorrow feel like I will have a
flab on the side coming out like hey
Vitaly yeah like thanks for your burpees
but I'm back
hello I'm ordering three tonight what's
up boys I'm ordering three cheesecakes
tonight and I'm tasting them all that's
it your boy bro your boy deserves it
your boy deserve it
dude he's gonna hurt easier a knish oh
yeah like a little 15 year old model
girls it's safe to say that I was a low
carb diet no carb literally maybe a
little bit though
careful
Hey truly this food it just oh my god I
got my meatballs
those are meatballs mac and cheese not
meatball I got my french fries mo guys
help us out
oh look at this I don't know I think I
might one more food you're probably not
to take that away
I love the rippers presentation car
grads miss alley
yes I could eat a cheesecake down all
right guys here you go it's going down
it's going down hmm what is that over
there oh that smells way too healthy
oh my god get it it smells too healthy
holy we got Snickers coming to round two
round two
vitaliy remember that one period of your
life where you're just eating like a
cheesecakes a day hooda step snap shine
yourself just eating my pudding
cheesecake I really good diet starts
tomorrow
how you feeling hangover
why
alright guys last night I passed out
completely not only that I passed out my
camera died so I was charging I was
gonna vlog and end the vlog yesterday I
just passed out
and yes I overate yes eat cheesecake how
did I feel when I get home I don't miss
it at all I don't miss it I wouldn't say
I regretted it because I fate I don't
regret things you know I don't believe
in regrets like if you didn't you did it
don't regret it did it so that's how I
look at it so I ate it I don't regret it
but I do it again know what it's so I'm
definitely gonna miss my coolers so some
of the o'clock in the morning I'm headed
to the gym thing guys so much for
watching this vlog hopefully you stay
motivated keep working out don't give up
don't let people tell you what to do
your life your choice like always so
thank you guys so much for watching
don't forget to give this mug if you
made it too then the big thumbs up and
I'll see you guys tomorrow for a fun day
listen
