you
so did you guys like how I filmed a shot
of the girls
ah nice nice my bad love that I felt
really good watching these girls they're
gonna be like my pal this day is
beautiful I'm glad we came out of here
well that was a sad moment for me
goodbye guys gonna have him in next time
I'll be here in a couple of 10 years
maybe
no I probably March WLC yeah
all right time to fly finally got home
come here mom what are you going Bob
Julie it's my final night finally this
is my final night tomorrow are the
pictures I'm super excited I love
traveling now a sleeping I go shower I
go on the plane I go to sleep and I wake
up right before the plane lands before I
couldn't sleep before I used to hate
flying now I love it
so now I'm cooking this my last healthy
meal she wants me to eat this pizza time
tomorrow
right yeah right what I got the drums
look great you're excited for the buying
couple of days
are you being ready it's finally over
oh my god I feel good day 62 BAE's my
photos which is gonna be in tomorrow's
vlog I just got back from my workout and
that's it I'm on my own guys some of my
own I'm an interview via Skype with
Croatia and after that I'm gonna tell
you guys all about my 60 day journey
this is it guys
the 60 complete I feel mentally stronger
physically everything inside and out as
a better person uh uh everybody doubted
me and thought I'm gonna cheat then I'm
gonna drink alcohol and guess what I
didn't do none of that so I cannot wait
for my day 60 pictures today I'm so
excited to show you guys the results
what nice it's okay I won't roll it what
what do you my day 60 pictures today
super excited two days before leaving to
Dubai so much to do charge all the
cameras get some fresh clothing for
Dubai ah to me no I want to do a lot I
have to go a lot I don't want to do a
lot but I got to do a lot so but 60 days
that changed my life that's for sure
I'm so excited all right guys I'm gonna
do the Skype interview and I'll talk to
you in a bit so I just finished a
interview and what can I tell you guys
ah I've already said I feel great I'm
gonna add this vlog by just letting you
guys know that I hoped you felt inspired
is 60 days I'm not finishing the vlogs
I'm just gonna keep doing these vlogs
tomorrow will be my City today is my
sixth day pictures which will be in
tomorrow's vlog so feel excited to come
back tomorrow and see my results and all
I have to tell you is about a little
message I'm probably gonna go on the
rent tomorrow but just I thought I'm
never gonna look like this like I look
right now I always look these people
like there's no way there's no way I
always stood diet for 3-4 days I'm like
this is not working this is stupid I
would stop now I realized that if you
commit to something it doesn't happen
over
it happens over some time so these 60
days that I worked out people at the gym
I see can't even get these results in a
year and I'm so happy to look when I
look like I'm so happy mentally also
changed mentally the lifestyle I was
sucked into the party lifestyle and was
i proud of that at some point was like
yeah this is awesome I girls all this
yeah bottles it's not all about that
it's all about that inspiring other
people around you I realized that as you
saw I'm changing am i funny and crazy
inside still of course I am I'm not
gonna stop doing crazy crazy crazy stuff
but when people come see the vlogs this
is my side I was never like just
ridiculously crazy I was always like you
would see me on you will only see me on
pranks like how to pick up girls and all
that I'd be like yeah this guy's nuts
lost his mind
but really if you get to know me I'm
just a regular guy and it's all
entertainment what you see on YouTube
it's all it's all me being crazy are you
gonna be outstanding you know to pop out
I guess and I was always outstanding so
that's why I decided to start youtube so
if you guys got any special talents put
them on YouTube if you guys believe in
something do it put it on YouTube if
it's not YouTube it doesn't have to be
with cameras it can be with anything
just believe in it and you will get it
but for now all I have to say is that
I'm gonna edit this vlog get ready for
my pictures thank you guys for all your
support and I cannot wait but this is
really about to go down thank you guys
for all those people that stuck around
for 60 days
I can't wait I'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to give this belong a
thumbs up and listen
