what's that villains so today's the day
of the general got Paul here
we're headed to get Starbucks right now
and get a little energy start the
morning right I woke up today and they
can't even move my neck bro I slept in
the wrong size of the bed or the pillow
the pillow was really comfortable dude
yeah hurt so bad so I just got back guys
and there's no excuse this time to work
out right now is I'm going to do
resistance 3 and then resistant 1 it's 2
workouts and to tell week I'm ready to
do it right here in my little space
thank God Paul has dumbbells that's all
I need 15 pound dumbbells and this is
gonna be my little exercise room no
excuses two days left I'm dedicated
let's do this just finished my workout
looking sexy can't show you anything
else just this we're sorry guys this is
my friend Paul he's a DJ check out this
setup you guys over here nice guy nice
guy over here so I finished my workout
feels good time to change and probably
go to the beach
okay so just got to the back of my
Zander Park in Boca and I'm about to
take this thing off you guys ready to
witness my 3rd time what's up David long
time no see how are you baby
so this is basically downtown Boca the
good old miser Park this is where I grew
up this is where yeah I would say old
retired people retarded people retired
people come snowbirds and stuff and I
used to work in one of the restaurants
are here called balagia I'm about to go
see what's up
I worked for five years six years
started out as a busboy that was a
waiter we all worked at Bellagio did you
can work as a lot you know you did it oh
I thought I had a good memory
yes my friend zags acts holy you broke
your arm why I'm not liking pretty good
yeah metal in there where it's all
started started as a busboy waiter well
I've got it back to work here what I'm
kind of a no no no who was the best
server yeah who was the best waiter
gay or no I miss you it's okay
we played around a lot I miss this place
I got fired from here like not twice
the manager is the most awesome manager
ever this is a king dump
hey my friend what are you doing it's
documentary about the best pizza chef
best piece of chef in Boca no in the
world why Boca me more miss your baby
stop miss you baby I miss all my
boyfriend's here just where I used to
drink sprite all the sodas unlimited
coffee right here pizza here he wants to
stop me this guy I'm scared of these
guys some of your drinking a protein
shake and excuse me and so you remember
guys how I showed you Bellagio the
restaurant used to work out so yeah I
used to work there for seven years at
least six years turned as a busboy
became a waiter and one day I just came
home and I ripped the tie off my neck
and I said mom I'm making YouTube videos
now my mom started crying why you guys
smiling my mom started crying she's like
no you can't do videos bah bah I was
like yeah I'm doing YouTube videos
they're gonna take off I believe in them
and guess what three four months later
they took off the Miami zombie prank
came across and things changed forever
for meself if you believe in something
you gotta go and achieve it just do it
you just guys got to do it you can't
wait for it
shit there the kid on the table
the other guys are still fighting this
is crazy
that's out there how many years
that was probably one of the most two
craziest fights ever witness that was
just absolutely nuts I didn't expect
this from good old Atlantic Avenue Beach
this is downtown Delray Beach this is
where I used to feel my pranks this is
where it's all started right here so
many cops now this Delray Beach cops
hate me look at them they hate me a lot
a lot they know me and they hate me okay
guys it's the next morning gonna have to
work out and thank you guys so much for
watching these vlogs I know I didn't
have a vlog yesterday due to traveling
to Florida and the blued and all these
things so I'm gonna get back to my
normal schedule so please come back
tomorrow don't forget to give this log a
thumbs up thank you for all your support
it really means a lot
thank you guys so much and yeah I'm
ready to go home I miss LA I miss
Florida I'm ready to go let's go oh my
god wow this is actually the closest
I've ever been to Hollywood sign
