what's up villains how are you a weird
way to start log just me laying on my
bed but I'm being productive right now
I'm actually going through my old camera
which takes mini DV tapes I'm going
through all these mini DV tapes to find
footage of Jarrod so I can make a big
tribute video I may be you to his
parents friends and this is me
skateboarding this is like 2006 2005 I'm
probably let's see that fall actually
let's actually see this fall what
happened our later sitting here is still
going through the tapes I found one
thing right here but it's not playing
it's like when I'm rewinding I can see
the preview but when I try to play it it
doesn't play this sucks
alright guys I just got to Ed's house
what's up ed what's up Alex
sup Bosh Erica so I'm sick someone it
looks like your boys gonna be flying the
drone today with gloves but I'm showing
them the video that X Dubai just
released its these guys jet Packers are
flying next to Emirates Airlines look
Emirates that I'm flying
they flies through the plane oh my god
wow this is actually the closest I've
ever been to Hollywood sign look at this
this is where everybody takes pictures I
have a big thing I'm gonna do this as
well it would sign one day it's gonna be
a plan and I'm gonna do it
how sick is this Angela I love it I love
it
all right so they teach me how to fly
the drone this is Dubai footage you
gotta look good so for it to look good
you gotta have the drunk he just
everybody's sayin trying to be like
everybody else I'm not trying to be like
everybody else I'm sorry that this is
new why do you have a GoPro I have a
GoPro why are you trying to be like me
no I'm just doing it to make my vlogs
higher-quality they should be proud that
you use a good technology yeah thank you
I just wanted to fly alright anyway so
what do you want to do not see the draw
it's easy isn't it feels good to get
paid for easy job I love it I see I'm
not even kidding like yeah I should be
sarcastic it is easy for you it's fairly
easy the hard part is getting how many
drones either you crash be honest I know
you crashed one in front of me but I was
a total Oh Hopson - right yeah that was
pretty embarrassing after crash that's
crash - - that was the second time look
how close and slow and low that
helicopters flying guys look if that
propeller hit the drone though it's not
a police one I can finally say that I'm
comfortable flying a drone that landing
was buttery you got I was having a bad
day huge thanks to a drone here and this
guy you guys better go subscribe the
link in description to actually both
under 10,000 channel subscribers and if
you guys pass them through 10,000
subscribers so actually one of them are
actually both of them can go to you
space la base the links are in the
description please go subscribe because
these dudes deserve it hard work nobody
appreciates the drone work these days
and when you go in their Channel and see
that you're gonna be like ah you come to
the house and still my birthday party oh
my god thanks guys I'll make the buy
vlogs you'll be proud I'm be fly safe
fly safety this this guy's a little this
guy's a little maniac you guys all know
that but we need be to fly safe yeah
having gear as well yeah oh yeah you
guys could win three drones and drone
gear just by subscribing and commenting
on his channel are you serious yeah he
does giveaways all the time giveaway on
right now I got a free drone from them
you will get a free drone from there
that's awesome drunk giveaway
yeah so they gave you that beautiful
drone yeah but what cars the beat up for
it here you go are you enjoyed their hat
buddy thank you
you know what I say and if you can't fit
a dead body in the closet cause not for
you wait what sorry but yeah I'm so
sorry tiny fucking car okay I love your
story today they don't know that you got
told oh oh my god guys today I woke up I
looked right over there where my car was
and I went to the garage my car wasn't
there
I asked Erica where I parked in case I
was just being a goof and I wasn't being
a goof the car got towed so I called the
plam fee DMV told me I had to go back to
City Hall all on my skateboard miles so
I went back to City Hall back to the DMV
and then back to the top right and I am
definitely clicking that clip this clip
right now and fasting forwarding by 50%
of Pyla cracks people parking tickets
and ability look I stocked up on
medication I got chapstick I got a sinus
thing I got two air boards things are
getting hectic out here did I just put
so much chapstick on look well let's
look at makeup on that's hilarious
so anyways look at him Jack and Jill's
round two I have to tell them to get it
look at that oh good jambalaya rice
that's right
boy Jack and Jill's round suit today you
have to whoever visits that way I always
have to take them to Jack and Jill's my
7:00 dinner I'm so jealous of you right
now what are you doing are you gonna
watch the dog to Chelsea so Chelsea just
got here and looks like she's gonna be
living in this house with cameras so I
can watch her like a creep there's no
cameras you're only outside well okay
you're so happy leaving your dogs
finally
you have a person yeah we should we know
just picking it up does she just want to
work not only work to work yeah walk to
work yeah what's up dude I you having
your Skype interview
hi I'm gonna go run to Target I'm
getting the DVD dedication bro yeah also
thanks which one of you ones
yeah perfect these are Judy's 90 bucks
through an AHA so I'm getting this one
for my workouts in Florida I'm going for
three days as you guys already know so I
have to get a portable DVD for my crazy
home workouts
wow they still carry a portable DVDs
thank you yep so next hour I have to in
the next hour I have to go buy the shirt
actually for the funeral they don't want
anybody wearing black then when people
bring Hawaiian shirts because Jared
loved islands full of boats of all these
adventurous activities so I have to get
a Hawaiian shirt and then at 9:15 we
have a movie to go through me Angela and
Dana about to go see a movie so I've to
do everything in the next hour so right
now I'm actually gonna check out Tommy
Bahama instead and damn I missed this
place a couple days I'm coming back for
you the Talley versus cheesecake haha
he's gonna start all over but just only
once once a week baby boom mission
accomplished
what do you guys think it's kind of
baggy it's medium but maybe I'll try
small I give this a thumbs up of course
what's new what's here what's new all
right guys it's going down
alright guys it's going down
oh nice blended
so fell asleep during the movie and also
guys were officially all sick Thank You
Angela got sick are you sick too the
whole movie
Angela got sick mad at my mom she's
getting sick what is going on this is a
little fluey care for everybody okay
guys I'm gonna end this vlog right here
right now it's midnight past midnight I
gotta edit this vlog and hop on the
plane tomorrow so thank you guys so much
for watching don't forget to thumbs up
thank you I love you those are done is
distributing our movie
