what a village welcome to another vlog
should play doh
every morning we start like this dr.
Carter
means no eating no nothing where's the
funny thing that you guys think I was
gone for today with cardio now
elliptical - 20 minutes - keep burning
backpack 20 minutes on here and then app
eat and workout series guys
less talking more action what is this
what kind of weather is this California
needs this as you guys know we're in the
drought California's and the drought and
this is perfect mom I'm going to wake up
- everything's green everything's so
smokes or a man big the flowers and
start to grow again that LA River won't
be tranq anymore so when I got home
earlier I cook a today's my day of
Jummah so the cardia but I'm off Jim
uplifting but I have a question if
anybody was in Hollywood they're gonna
have Hollywood Boulevard closed for
about like 18 days this thing March 1st
is something in a building something I
don't know if it's red carpet up that
way something big if you guys know what
it is
feel free to leave me in the comments
I'm actually curious is that hollow
bullabbai will be blogged for March
first something that's crazy
what the fuck are you building yo I want
to know I guess not
hey what's up hi should I start cooking
now yeah I'm doing like 20 minutes 20
minutes
yeah I don't know how bad you're cooking
so what are you wearing I wear G oh yeah
what's the color of your underwear I
know I have a little Ridge oh yeah I'm
filming this right now - oh my god say
aye aye but at least I'm telling you
cause if you cuz I miss you ah so do you
want your chicken veggies with dinner
honey
yes Oh Cal Berkeley chill all right sure
I start cooking so when you walk in it's
ready okay yeah I've been 20 minutes on
there okay I'll start the process okay
perfect you should have put a combo of
the chicken should have put them back do
condom yeah I I anyway so when you're
ladies on the way you always know this
is all staining by the way oh you guys
leave it in yeah sure
all right so Connie you eating
oh shit yes I mean never cooked for a
lady I'm going to ask her she think of
hot Tony what do you think he's hot for
guy cooking really no no she has to cook
for you man
well the woman always cooked okay did
you get so much hate yeah I'm gonna get
in here I mean I'm in Canberra I'm on a
bit of the kitchen 2072
so how I love you tried you through the
into this tried you love you mmm this is
my Saturday night dinner showing you
ready cuz we gonna go to another level
you all hey what kind of color underwear
yours I'm kidding oh wow what do you
think visa I love it she's not way in
the end of our bro star you break oh oh
yeah now I will miss miss Debbie like
she's a big lady that's all oh oh
Jastrow shot
Wow we're going to Jimmy picture at 25th
birthday
that is good you're attending of a good
I was yeah yeah we're gonna sell it Lana
sell you tonight no oh you are can you
camel camel uh-huh
camel big honey-do I know but is that we
were wondering in Tony's hot fur girl
when a guy can cook her never it is
mm-hmm very booked up
oh yeah well you're going to be spending
the rest your life in the kitchen that
means though hmm
a lot of guys are cooked I came to give
you a hard way when you try to be
nothing equipment okay no you shade that
you're right you want to you want to
keep the bread nice protein you have to
do it lotion with you oh my god people
will be karate
really good why did I get a full massage
Ben I was here only one pitcher five
whoa
Bahama Bill account when I landed it to
America and a couple of days which
couple days no other time when I went to
Utah but not this one I think there's
nothing out of matter mrs. Oh which was
suppose we went out when you're busy
Oh is she blushing so fancy made this
long time ago my p.o box I love you more
than the satellite you send me a couple
more like and I looking so off your
booty those actually really good but
since Jim
it's a guy I'm not gonna ask him fucking
a liquid fellow facility or maybe anyway
so I wrote him this happy birthday Jimmy
wish you the best and keep up the great
work without his Duncan cytokine the
other reason I was sub-17 his old word
thousand fifties I don't yell remember
what happened how many city three years
ago and I'll be 23 24 pieces scream yeah
I new message my favorite soldiers yeah
Ariel oh my god wait yeah like a few
hours ago
if you're tired
is that real good papi don't whine and I
don't like to walk me here because I'm
keep it off
alright guys just got home from the
birthday that little clip of 10 seconds
that's literally how long I've been
there I told him at the birthday shake
you can give him a hug to them I love
them but sorry I got to go I'm focused
right now on transformation I got a
prank to film tomorrow a lot of things
are going on and make sure you turn on
your post notifications and guess who
the shout-out goes today to the
shout-out goes to a blah blah thanks for
watching my vlogs in that default
picture you look Jack and red run you
that looks like you so keep it up good
work actually motivation for me get my
ass back in a gym but yeah thank you
guys so much watching this vlog I can't
wait to finish my community service
hours so I can start doing getting my
skydiving license if anybody as a viewer
watching this let me know if you have a
skydiving license I want to know more
information about it I mean I'm not
scared to jump oh just like I just can't
wait I can't wait I got so many ideas up
there get my skydiving license it's
going to be nice question of the day
Tony what should be the question of the
day for the villains cool just do that
um am i asking questions of the day
sometimes so it's just like what do you
think would be appropriate pressure my
yesterday was up with me well now where
should I go to summer to Europe the
question the day before that what makes
you a villain what should be the
question of the day what inspires you
know like what's very moving around I
want to see what in what time okay
what's your favorite movie leave in the
comments below
don't say that trouble breaks or just
achieve I know it's your favorite but
you can on Kitty but yeah let me know
what's your favorite movie that's a
great one thanks Tony thank you so much
for watching it and if you want a
shout-out for your channel in tomorrow
as well China or your post notification
subscribe and please give this log a big
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
bless you Dinah
