what's up guys beautiful day in LA we
headed to creation Embassy for me to
reapply for the visa but this time it's
gonna be much easier because this
company that's flying me out is doing it
for me so all I have to do just drop off
the papers but you know what's really
fun that Angela what we're about to see
a final product of natural born
pranksters the full movie surround sound
big screen final product that you're
ready it's really brilliance I knew just
kidding look at these drivers oh my god
alright guys today's gonna be a little
today's gonna be a fun vlog so I'm gonna
start Tuesday before I would sit oh that
was something this is it sexy now we got
that
you don't want to see me remind you not
you thinking a video cool oh you got a
book yeah Wow last time I remember him
taking like seven photos today I look so
sexy that he needed just two photos huh
yeah so I just submitted my paperwork to
Christian embassy and thank God
everything went smooth smooth as a
whistle because last year I did it
actually earlier this year for yacht
week and it was a massacre I had to come
back with seven times isn't that the
right documents and it was just way too
much this time everything smooth I was
in there for 15 minutes I submitted all
my paperwork I'm getting my visa next
week Zagreb coming for you Croatia super
excited whew it's gonna be a lot of a
lot of a lot of fun okay so we're
walking into a theatre the theatre a
theatre whip up to watch Angelo you you
write down private screening for my boy
Angela look at these scenes - I wish I
could eat popcorn couple more days damn
this is sick today require do they reply
there's a glory all hell yeah
nah this is insane this is Nutella audio
man I'm sure you guys didn't expect this
but I can finally tell you that
Lionsgate is distributing our movie yeah
so guys I wanted to interrupt this log
real quick and yes what you just saw was
real Lionsgate picked up our movie guys
Lionsgate we did this all together thank
you guys
don't stop believing in your dreams look
at this I used to be a kid running
around kissing guys on the cheeks give
me kisses no I made a movie that's gonna
be in the movie theater it's holy crap I
used to watch jackass be like wow
they're in the big screen I can have a
class clown I'm outgoing I can be one of
those guys why I'm not on the big screen
a couple years later Here I am staying
and talking to you guys so thank you so
much believing your dreams don't give up
as here working because he's gonna have
a movie in the movie theater probably
next for two years thank you just got
home and I couldn't be literally happier
than ever cuz I just booked my Dubai
tickets and you know how our guys were
talking about to fly business class it's
ten thousand dollars each so for me and
my mom would be twenty thousand dollars
guess what mom we're flying business for
a thousand dollars
and you don't know what I have to give a
big thanks to to my boy Alex Alex throw
Vienna he goes are you stupid don't you
have American Express I'm like yeah he's
like Vinci Oh points I'm like yeah he's
like convert these points to miles I'm
like I never did this I had enough
points to fly basically to waive my fees
so we're basically flying for free but
Emirates charges fees and taxes which
comes out to a thousand dollars we're
flying on the biggest airplane business
class with Abed unlimited alcohol
she's happy about a devil bar you can go
alone inside the aeroplane the devil
want any food you choose in the manual
16-hour flight
thank you out like 16 hours is literally
gonna be laying down and eating food and
for tray table I was gonna say I'm not
drinking well be stupid if you're flying
a business class you're not gonna drink
I'm probably gonna shut someone who's
pretty sugar-free it's all you
anyways I'm flying to the bio flight
recreation my tickets they're officially
booked mom oh and by the way since it's
business whenever driver picking us off
to Vegas this is awesome
welcome to Vitaly is completely my mommy
something like this what is it good it's
me what kind of meat is that lean turkey
be do I get no no there's a Sicily yeah
you like you do deliciousness nice Hey
what were you doing in there
writing reading being smart Maddie save
us ha ha ha that's funny dude so I got
my flight man yeah and then I will see
you later a problem Bank I'm not
probably Bangkok everyone fly to Bangkok
a New Year's Day all right
how do you buy I use the points baby
just as I thought I was getting better
again I'm getting sicker
oh this sucks and in two days I gotta
leave yeah every time I actually come
here to smell it I feel better
all right so hot sweet so cold mouse
well what are you doing Wow Wow Wow I
love actually living with my mom I don't
have to do anything call me a mama's boy
I don't have to do anything I just make
money in the house we're friends yeah in
Dubai I'm like I love those people are
disgusting when I go to the bottle is
like thinking oh hi my name's my girls
back how I'm gonna do this this Suns
gonna be myself around my mom I'm gonna
go to the club my mom was to go to the
club sure mom it's 2:30 I was a girl
with me I gotta go
what are you gonna tell me not gonna
leave is that a good day she's cool she
gets emotional I was
it is
well you know what's actually really
funny is that when I was living alone I
was talking to my mom once a week twice
a week and it was bad and now it feels
so much better right to be together over
time I was little every time my mom
would call me on the free calories I
would argue and just scream at her for
calling it didn't want to be close to
her it was really bad I was sucked into
flight sucked into partying it just not
talking to my mom
waking up but so this is extra good to
have a relationship with your parents
though so this is a grandma
old-fashioned medication my mom just
fill this up with hot water they're just
little mustard in it so really that's
what she said so we just watch been a
wire and my did you like it yeah so it's
about a guy that walked across the Twin
Towers on the wire and it's pretty crazy
because at the movie just came out to
the walk but it was pretty crazy because
it shows you that if you ever have a
goal in life you can achieve
you walk across Twin Towers you walked
across Twin Towers
you called him six he's not thick for
doing that go sleep why all right but
basically guys in believing your dreams
he had a dream since little kid or says
teenager that he wants to walk across
the Twin Towers and guess what happened
he walked across the Twin Towers on the
wire so you guys better watch it so now
I want to be like anything is possible
first with towers and you think it's
possible what do you would just find
homesick I sounds the bedroom something
don't forget don't forget this I'll use
this just leo's anyways guys thank you
so much for watching this vlog thank you
for coming back every day thanks for all
your support thanks for all your
positive comments don't forget that you
still sales up 50% off fill in for life
love you thank you so much don't forget
to thumbs up this vlog and I'll see you
guys tomorrow - Oh better but this is
one
this is crazy
