what's up villains how are you uh you
know how i ended the vlog yesterday
saying that i got sick well i finally
got out of bed around four and I made an
appointment for massage I finally feel
better I made an appointment for a
massage and I just went for a massage
because my muscles were so sore you know
when you get sick everything in sword I
don't feel like I'm like super sick and
changes sake but I'm sick inside I don't
know how to explain to you and I never
usually gets ink never maybe once every
three years literally on a cloud over
exaggerating but in the last few months
against sick twice and I kind of have an
idea what it's from it's probably from
over and working on my body up I've been
going at the gym way to ham I've been
going way too crazy like I just lifting
weights burpees doing pull-ups and
push-ups I don't think my body can
handle anymore especially twice a day
but this is how weak I have to complete
it no excuses I actually requested to
take the three days off for the next
weekend to go to the funeral I got
allowed so I'm taking my coolers with me
I'm taking my i'm taking my coolers with
me dvds and I'm out and if I also yeah
the pictures are next week guys are you
excited for my picture they wanted a 60
transformation they're going to be
pretty crazy I'm pretty pretty pretty
excited I can't believe the results i
got at 60 days where you can do with
your body in 60 days so to be honest you
can't wait to get off of it so I can eat
healthy on my own you know and
definitely not going to go back to the
lifestyle and live so super excited and
yeah I'm about to go home buy my tickets
to florida buy my tickets to Dubai and
yeah tomorrow actually i have a meeting
accountant for all texts to this year's
again so i have to fill it out a lot
what was personal and business that's so
painting as guys I hate doing Texas
everybody hates them I guess that's what
you guarantee in life death and doing
Texas every year that's what you
guarantee hundred percent in life my boy
what are you doing uh-huh yeah i was
gonna tell her how much I spend the last
year old bottle service in the club's
alone and this is depressing or maybe
sixty thousand dollars what foot was it
fuck alcohol in the clouds Goldie close
whoa hey I'm running it off business I'm
vlogging and then I used to say a lot
now like I hope you change then I do you
noted I know that I you noticed it that
I changed yes I noticed a big time and
you know I'm proud of you and I hope
you'll never know yeah I hope you will
never come back to the previous life and
everything's gonna be okay all right bye
oh my god I'm so sick i hope i can get
through my work out by the way i just
bought my tickets to florida i'm heading
there this weekend um yeah i remember
and by the way from Florida is coming
tomorrow to stay with me he's actually
going to bank on he's a model so you
just sign a release not really sure
release form he just signed a contract
in Bangkok and he's gonna go out there
I'm freezing the AC is not open Lacey's
not all right no it's all your fault but
I'm sick you hope you open everything
just got home up through my work out and
I feel a little better I passed out last
night that's why I just got the blog off
so anyways it's the next day and I got
some good news i'm officially going to
Croatia to pull one of the biggest
pranks ever this company's flying
me out I actually have to go to the
embassy tomorrow go through all this
again where I have to get that visa I
mean it's going to be much easier than
the yacht week but I'm going to Zagreb
the zygra so I grew up this time it's
the capital of Croatia super excited I'm
going for about four days I'm sure got a
lot of fans their hair creation was nuts
it was just recognizing left to right so
anyways I'm gonna pull the biggest prank
there and I don't know what to expect so
I'm going right after Dubai with my mom
I'm flying from dubai to there and i
guess my mom is getting ready to go to
the beach she needs to get her a little
tan on before the bye I gotta get all my
camera equipment ready get this mess out
of here and go to my accountant and get
this starts I got some exciting news
guys i am a go to Croatia zagreb zagreb
i don't know how you say I'm sorry
apologize of zagreb yeah I might be
pulling the biggest prank of my career
the big I got to definitely to do the
biggest opportunity super secret this
company's find me out to Croatia I can't
be more than happy to get this
opportunity and if I pull this off right
you guys will be amazed what I'm going
there for you won't fight you won't find
out probably until two weeks a week it's
gonna be big okay guys I'm sorry that
this vlog is kind of short but uh I
finally feel better so tomorrow's log is
gonna be on point but right now I'm
gonna make it up by giving you a fifty
percent off all my merch I'm trying to
get rid of all this merch because
villain clothing is about to come out so
i got my billing glasses here the iphone
cases but these are iphone 5 so i don't
know who still has iphone 5s if you do
should get them put your number of my
phone headed to a girl boom boom down
fifty percent off the sale starts today
november forth till the 7th fifty
percent off if you ask me to sign your
shirts just let me know in the comments
I will but uh yeah if the code is
villain for life right here i'm going to
put it across the screen and it's all
one word do it thirty percent off
tomorrow's long is going to be on point
I promise you're finally feel better
sorry guys I was thick don't forget to
thumbs up this vlog thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
the sadhana oh oh here go on the light
that's not why did you get you over here
yet Oh way better
