what's up what's up guys
I just got here we're gonna head out to
Venice Beach I'm wanting to put a
sweater on so I did just got out the
Olympics cool guys that got some
exciting news I just got to Santa Monica
and the secret has been for a while but
I'm at Kitson and my shirts just made it
to Kitson Vitaly Yeah right but dude why
are they using my name
so yeah they have like bracelets rings
at CeBIT alley
I don't just got a ring so to tally on
it so I want to get one of those rings
but that's crazy
Vitaly clothing dude I should just named
my clothing Vitaly what do you think
this is sick dude that's my name this
guy wears his number yeah all right
we're doing a little shopping here
hopefully to get something cool this
store is amazing I didn't know how good
it was again I wasn't gonna vlog about
this but you striked again you strike
again oh my god
your boys drinking black coffee and
enjoying people watch we picked a really
good spot for people watch it's pretty
awesome
but your body's there this is a Greek
isn't a Greek this is nice Thanks
thanks for wiping tomato sauce on my
face once again I had something on my
face already noticing in the comments
like Natalia
yeah no crap around your mouth right I'm
like yeah I lick my plates because I
don't get enough food I get enough right
portions I don't eat odd on ovary that
I'm used to overeating I look to them so
I just lick my plate now today so
usually you guys see sunset here in
Santa Monica but today we got something
different
look how awesome this is imagine going
under that fog in the ocean like where
those boats are look at this sick it's
nice to come here once in a while I've
logged your a lot but it's a good it's a
good relaxation like a getaway spot walk
once every two weeks is there good to
come out here on the west coast
what you said we came here with Andy and
when that little arcade over there
played games for like three hours
all actually we should make our way over
there and we should go on that boat that
swings left up and down that's going
yeah Brendan's like I didn't want to go
in the Brenda's watching this brother
and a Brenda try to the cup rather damn
this shot so was in that Faris feel
right now ooh is dope
with you just enjoy the sunset wait so
ed and I arguing right now about to buy
flights he says for like a thousand
dollars more I can get a business bus
I'm just playing write me as I don't
think spending money $10,000 in the
first class I don't know he says it's
only $600 more from a regular ticket in
there we go premium you can either do
pretty serious they do know even premium
me the only companies like American
first class ran four grand out of
business
when you're coming back there is one way
one way to Dubai no I'm going to grace
yo right after that's why is that even
Emirates for three thousand dollars you
can fly business class math I'm fine I I
go to sleep that all the whole flight
and wake up it's a 16-hour flight you
ready mom are you ready six hour flight
okay baby
maybe
a good ad and knows this stuff what are
you doing you're doing laundry what
happened from your balcony but they
thought I'm gonna wash it in put
somewhere yes my idea watch this do you
like million times I have an idea what I
have a nice sheet I have an idea what he
can do I have an idea what he can do
guys I have a great idea what she can do
with that piece use it as your sheet
nice she knows I love it
all right sorry it's about that time
dinner with my dad and stepmom on
sweetie oh yeah we're getting ready to
go to see a show with Lucas brothers
they're the twins from 22 Jump Street I
don't know if you guys seen that movie
that Jimmy J
Jimmy titre was in yeah but I'm excited
about my dinner guys nine more days so
you guys remember that stuff we did with
Stevo and Yuka it's been working on it
you said 70 cameras total yeah that's 70
cameras oh it looks good you just showed
me a rough card I can't show it to you
guys it's good I'm definitely doing
something for three with 360 I'm gonna
do a 360 vlog sometime this week and I'm
also gonna do a stunt with Yuka and
Stevo probably and I'm gonna do it I'm
gonna pull a stunt on my main channel
what do you guys want you guys want to
see a stunt on the main channel they
want to say we're gonna do some real 360
there's been some crappy 360
you see just good 360s friggin Hollywood
I'm ready to do a 360 video I'm ready
all right after the comedy guys I'm
watching live YouTube right now what I
mean live is like in person
Edie is winning the most best hallo it
costume ever oh my god
3d YouTube look at this look at how many
of yous I got just from last night ooh
that's a good title for the large 3d
YouTube Hey look at that
my videos on the side yeah look we got
all night we're guys my boy Dennis we
got Jesse oh yeah we got the brothers
today yeah and by the way even me come
on you say everybody should do it did
you pacing yourself yeah yeah here gonna
light it's not lighting to do to get you
all right here yeah oh wait a minute
Jesus so it just looks like just yeah
maybe one out of three african-american
males but a prison before your time very
woman we just turned 30
fortunately we have a younger brother
that's 12 right alright guys so I got
home last night I passed out and I went
to the gym this morning my hell week
started and guess what
he'd beat my ass and actually I feel so
sick I felt so sick not like sick like
throwing up of the workout I felt like
slightly fever and stuff when I woke up
this morning so I came home I passed out
I just woke up completely don't want to
do anything just laying in bed because
I'm so sick I got a headache I feel like
a fever everything hurts
throw it hurts so I also found out that
the funeral is next weekend so I am
flying out to Florida for a day or two
and I'm bringing my workout DVDs with me
I have to get a mini DVD or something
like 400 bucks at Target who you I don't
even know why they gave you CDs who uses
you need anyway
but anyways well at least video games to
play stations but you know so I'm gonna
go to the funeral get to see all my
friends catch up not the best way to
come back to Florida but it's gonna be
an okay trip and say last goodbye to my
friend that fortunately passed away over
the weekend but I'm staying strong
everything's gonna be okay
and I wanna bring you guys down so
everything's gonna be great and thank
you so much for watching I love you
don't forget to give this video a big
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
now you gotta do a little three-peat
