what's up what's up what's up villains
how are you it's absolutely fantastic
outside it's so cool no clouds on the
sky it's gorgeous
anyways I always take my car everywhere
I go I always take my car so you know
what I decided I'm gonna take my
skateboard I'm just taking a skateboard
and just skating around enjoying this
beautiful day planning my new pranks I
was actually told you guys in the
yesterday's vlog that I might go to Utah
but I'm not gonna go to Utah there's no
there's no point for me to go to Utah
because I'm gonna see Kirk and the rest
of the boys in about 10 or 11 days so
yeah I'm not gonna just fly there for
one day I'm gonna head to a Halloween
party tonight it's Jimmy tetras party I
believe Christians gonna be there I'm
sure a lot of youtubers maybe a lot of
youtubers I don't know but I heard the
list is full it's gonna be crazy so I'm
taking you guys with me let's go so I
took a nap and guess what I'm wearing
the same outfit tonight that a word with
Nemeth to maxim party but I just got to
Adams house and check this out you can
see the whole chaos in LA right now for
the Halloween look
that's the cops are there I don't know
you can't tell the traffic the traffic
in LA right now is completely insane
there's helicopters everywhere
parades people it's not these guys are
pretty hey what's up you ready
what are you are you Dracula Dracula
wow I love it it's so creative bro time
to kiss next you can see the whole chaos
and the length of it from your thing I
did I did it's pretty crazy yeah
have a great time bro
a lot of gameplay here shuffle boy
it's like a
now you gotta go a little
I don't even know where to start this so
yesterday from a good night from a very
very very very very great night I came
home to some tragic news yesterday I
lost one of my best friends in Florida
this is I don't know I Nev you know I
picked the slug camera up I felt like
sharing with you guys I'm totally in
shock devastated I don't want to bring
anybody down I want to just say stay
care of your friends and don't forget to
tell them how much you love them we're
planning a lot of things doing together
I was supposed to pull with him the most
the most successful prank on my youtube
channel in March he had all the
resources to help me but now I'm gonna
do it on my own
remember of him now I'm definitely gonna
do it it's a very risky prank we shared
so many memories you guys know him his
name is Jared he was on my Russian
hitmen videos and very very old when I
first started YouTube channel before
even my YouTube channel we had a crew
like a jackass group it's called poop or
die we did a lot I have a lot of VHS
tapes little mini DV tapes of our
awesome memories this is heartbreaking
I'm sorry guys sooo I don't want to
bring you down but
yeah take care of your friends and yeah
I'm probably gonna fly back to Florida
for his funeral my whole week starts
tomorrow but I'm probably taking a day
off or two to fly there to be with
friends and family all right guys thank
you guys so much for watching and coming
back I'll see you guys tomorrow
done this is like a murder scene right
here for your fingers dude yeah
