what's up what's up villains good
morning just got on my set hectic day
look at this everybody's waiting for me
I came so late what's up guys whoo
what's up baby
sup Justin thanks your husband guys here
they give a summer excited which was
created by my good friend Matt this is
my girlfriend Ashley
anyways so my friend Matt thinks that
came here today to shoot a sketch little
does he know that I'm going to be fuckin
with him today Matt I'm sorry but you're
in for a treat so we're here in says
shooting some stuff and look at this of
course they're gonna have a snack bar oh
my god alright please at least they got
my favorite thing
black coffee that's the only thinking
drink everything yeah look at this I
can't have none of this stuff you guys
Wow guys you're so professional you
really bring this stuff's on set don't
do drugs
this is not real yep Splenda baby
kids don't do drugs at home anyways
we're here right now we're gonna be
chopping her up really I'm sorry it
wasn't me I don't know if it's the drugs
or the choking I'm not sure I'm sorry
I'm not responsible for it I'm gonna go
home the effect for them rolling
everywhere
what if the lines do well you see when
you kill somebody you need lines and
pigs you know way too much information
have you killed somebody before so while
I'm taking a break I'm actually watching
another scene of the movie that I was in
these dudes that was like two years ago
acting skills born level way that was
not even your real fingers just realize
holy shit guys he's playing way too hard
with yourself you gotta calm down you're
dropping the makeup buddy yeah so I'm
gonna be covered in blood and looks like
it the machines gonna be spraying damn
great these are the celebrities that
actually were in the studio before damn
with Glee fire corn steve aoki
waka flocka Wow we've got Snoop Dogg
mutter you're Lopez hmm oh so this thing
is gonna be springing out of here holy
shizzle damn so the blood is gonna be
squirting me all over the machine it's
not actually a person I like screaming
balls gonna be like a real deal yeah
there's more there's more that was
shower here this is like a murder scene
right here for your fingers did my guys
thanks for having me it's such a whore
bloody scene I just cleaned up I
couldn't show you guys cuz I left it for
the final video thanks for having me oh
you look cute boy oh thanks for having
me on the nasty job and hat buddy
alright now I have to make sure I don't
get my car dirty
alright guys I just got back from the
shoot took a shower and now ready to go
to Norse snores lives in Sherman Oaks
and after that yeah we're taking one car
and then we'll go into the festival that
festival is called the scape it's a
music festival I'm going sober once
again this is crazy then what ends up -
it's only 5:00 I'm probably gonna be
asleep by 11:00 are they gonna have to
carry me out now I'm probably gonna be
the designated driver tonight so oh well
anyways let's go ahead fun hi guys
Tucket snores he's driving what's up
brah so we're about to go to escape nor
you're so nice to me getting me this
prison outfit because we have to dress
up guys yeah look at this Halloween
spirit yeah a restaurant I got I got in
my I got in Nora's car it look what
happened thank God I had these pants on
Oh where's the pants are deviant the up
to here I'm gonna be wearing these pants
right here what what are they I'm gonna
be the only one without costume I guess
but I guess my face is the costumes that
are needed alright so we just got to the
festival and we have to park so far away
you can guys probably hear the music but
do there's so many cops
I'm 90 today how do you feel I mean
honestly
vitaliy recipe shit and we're about to
have a good good night
hi ladies and gentlemen we got it
this place is crazy I'm gonna vlog as
much as they can but it's kind of
Oh
let's take the billing
look at that what is the
these guys just made out of fire these
guys just made out
they're so cute together
I don't know what this is but let's
let's see if I can make this happen
honest told you and I saw you guys kiss
but you must
alright guys solve the D D look at ya
I'm thinking the kids home I picked them
up but I picked them up where the
streets yeah pick them up on the street
I picked them up on the Friday night at
the movies they're high school
girlfriends and I'm taking them all have
a question please do you like the car
it's nice like what is it I'm sick
it's a 335 extra big cars like this I
need to trade my car
because it's so small it feels like a
sofa neither like a what's up guys last
night I gotta hold my best out I'll
drink the protein shake and I was out
time for another workout it's 8:30 a.m.
and my workout starts at 9 super excited
all right guys still got home from the
workout and I don't know I might go to
Utah tomorrow to see my boy Kirk even
though we're gonna see each other in
like 10 11 days in Dubai I might fly
there for a day cuz tomorrow I'm gonna
work out I might just go mom
love you over you looking good this is
how you do your makeup all the way out
there anyways let me talk about
yesterday about the festival this was
hilarious I was sober and to be honest
yes it was followed with hanging out
with my boys no war and his friend all
but to be honest did I like the festival
sober not really and I was looking
around I'm like oh my god this is really
yeah everybody was really surprised that
I didn't drink or anything but yeah
these festivals are super boring sober
so definitely not going back again
tonight check out tomorrow's vlog I
might do something epic I will do
something epic so thank you guys so much
for watching thank you for loving than
you bring by the way with my mom it
really means a lot
I'm gonna keep going I love this I don't
have been talking about oh I know I've
been talking a lot about this over life
well I'm sorry
I like it you don't like it sucker
alright anyways guys see you tomorrow
don't forget to give this lug a big
thumbs up goodbye I don't want to talk
to you
