what's up what's up village so right now
if you're watching this the main channel
prank video is up and if you want to
keep watching this vlog the behind the
scenes of the prank are in this vlog
following this message so it's 7 p.m.
right now I'm starting this vlog late
why cuz I've been editing this video
since 10 o'clock in the morning it's 7
p.m. right now it's crazy
check out this timeline look at that
this is behind the scenes of the prank
and I still didn't translate because my
mom spoke in Russian but that's gonna be
after the gym so while about the gym
guys or whatever yeah you can watch the
behind the scenes hoped you enjoyed the
behind the scenes mom you got anything
to say I enjoy the vlog guys so I'll
watch you too I'm not going to be home
on it I told my mom that I'm going out
with my friends so I want you to be here
what's up here down here on the wall
night into ash wakes up I want you to be
staying here hi so my hope is that
you're gonna keep knocking a few
European at the hallway you keep
knocking out of this if you should
follow me yes and I don't know it's a
little high here maybe I can actually
sit yeah and have it ever walk past you
that's the scary oh yeah sure then if
it's only this away hope is is actually
walked right past you right and she goes
and things checked outside checks is
read that I mean while you exactly you
run to the kitchen so then if she does
walk the kitchen so shot scare ya know
so she does walk past me which is our
goal yeah we'll get that
oh yeah the goal is to have her walk
past you and then you sneak out of here
so then you're not you're no longer in
the sir I'm with you and the plan is to
make get over to the kitchen and then
we'll make noise over there and she goes
what the hell where is that coming from
Wendy's entrances and I hope you're
gonna have a breakaway bottle we want
you to break it when she turns the light
on because it's gonna be pitch black
here so when she turns the light on
having on the up it you want yeah make
noise here and then when she comes over
here when she starts walking towards the
kitchen don't make noises and hopefully
she turns the light on and sees you how
is she gonna know that I'm coming in
here so that's what it's going to hear
you right up so we definitely want you
to make some noise on your way here once
you get your set and she's going to come
check it visually choose your stocking
here when I want you so you break that
if she comes out of here and sees you
and screams and gives you reaction you
break the bottle and you do that hey
like do creepy laughs don't talk
obviously it's something like be like
maybe like you wanna do you want to play
in a we're in a weird crazy yeah yeah
yeah why you watched the movie he does
it just like oh okay I'm gonna do Chucky
tomorrow so are you serious like it wow
we got a perfect person I know you
chunky all the time so wow I didn't
actually awesome so so yeah so you do
that yeah yeah you just go after her
yeah we're here at the collective
offices getting ready for this prank but
Ally's not here because he's at home
making sure all the cameras are set up
it looks good
and then his mom actually goes to sleep
tonight somewhere at some time yeah what
so we do it so we're getting makeup
off-site Trista here from gruesome arts
boom and our friend Sammy doing a little
makeup to recreate this classic
character you doing now
you know I'm using some bondo not bondo
for cars mando make up and kind of help
blend these ideas some more so you can't
see them I let it dry a little bit and
then blend it out so that way it doesn't
look like there is ya around here to
blend into his skin pretty much bondo
not for your car bondo makeup make sure
you know that
do not put bondo for your car on your
face that might make sense when he has
been the full costume on right now he's
just making baby noises it's getting
pretty late over here we just got word
that time to go to Batali's house mom's
sleeping it's about the time to pull off
this prank and we are just finishing up
here at the office with the makeup what
do you guys think what's in your wallet
just a did an awesome job as usual we
are going to wrap up all our good stuff
put it in the car head over Batali's oh
we're gonna pull this off alright guys
so I don't know how to people I want to
talk to me right now dude you did an
awesome job you look great oh my god
dude you should just go home like that
you should just walk home like this see
how many cops will pull over you did a
great job with a makeup just killing it
Christian thank you for helping setting
up everything as always my mom mom's not
gonna want to talk hello
goodbye I don't want to talk to you
Monsieur
get out of my house mouth sorry we have
to be great
welcome to the new house Yeah right
what see you got Mathilde she's like
nice Gamble's you feel sorry for me now
dude so how many times a year you get
called to be Chucky several times a year
I get called to me Chucky it's always
Chucky else or Loompas we're in any
movies you do with this I'm in several
movies you can follow me on instagram
you can look me up Sammy the dwarf say
new the word were you the one we're
you'd want to Jack us where the
paramedics came yeah hey me enough to
kick myself in the face uh-uh
no I know you're definitely not wee man
but awesome man well thanks for working
with you and I'll definitely give you
another call you be awesome yeah what's
your plans for Halloween Chucky Chucky
tomorrow night
ah we go tomorrow night something else
going on yeah I'm gonna go stab a few
people oh not bad thanks thanks for not
having my mom I hope you guys enjoy
behind the scenes and I also want to
tell you guys something you've been
wondering how do I stay motivated than
my vlog so I hate reading but I listen
to books on audible.com I listen to
books and I listen to how to become
successful how to become a billionaire
just to be the best ever and yeah so
they actually want to hook you guys up
at audible.com slash Vitaliy
you can download an any device you can
get a free book damn over 180,000 books
a link in the description download your
favorite book for free you driving you
listening you staying motivated that's
what I do that's my secret just got home
after the gym BAM you put this in the
oven
that's my pre-made food oh thanks
oh I'm so cute anyways just I got Justin
right now coming over it Justin from
Florida know if you guys know I'm know
you know him you might have before
m-matt we're going to go over the script
I'm helping him shoot a sketch tomorrow
pilot I'm not sure but we gotta go over
the script I'm gonna eat get back to
editing it is today's vlog so working
non-stop
what did you do what did you do what did
you do then
what's that what is that whatever we
have to fucking these ones are in the
bottom and these are on top it will go
on but I just made it you have to stop
using this okay
why get scared what ah what's up so that
was the biggest prank fail ever you
tried to prank me just now really kinda
look who's here
what's a Justin it's up how are you glad
I've been looking for this camera for
like half an hour he was in my pocket
and you really failed you didn't impress
another why
you didn't see alright alright alright
guys so it's a midnight I still have to
edit this vlog so I'm gonna end it I
just want to say helped you guys enjoyed
the behind-the-scenes thank you for all
the new subscribers actually they came
from the new channel whoever made it to
the end thank you guys be part of the
villain movement
you're so bad how do you sleep by the
way did you sleep good
I didn't sleep loser was all this wind
the crazy wind from hurricane in Mexico
we couldn't sleep actually you can sleep
even the dogs doing wait
alright thank you guys so much for
watching I love you don't forget to give
a big thumbs up I'll see you guys
tomorrow
what's your diet you're so cute I love
you that was great well now you live
with me now
