drinking and driving haha just kidding
never do that what's up villains sorry
my mouth is read from my mio anyways
what's going on guys I am headed to
Kong's place right now for a meeting web
a meeting we've been developing a
project somewhat and yeah and I'm also
gonna return this stuff that I could
have never installed and Brandon tried
to help me from fries it's basically I
wanted to record me playing Fifa with my
fans so I'm returning it I don't know
maybe I need to get a new set I have a
ps3 I need to get a ps4 let me know guys
if you would love to play fifa with me
on ps4 and i'll actually record it and
put on some of my vlogs I wanted to do
where I pulled vlogs in the morning and
I meet playing with FIFA with my fans at
night what do you guys think about that
idea I think it's great anyways today
I'm pranking my mom and I'm bringing her
badly
it's Halloween guys I'll show you guys a
rundown of the spring right when I come
back from the meetings and yeah the
person who's gonna prank her is gonna
come to the house we're gonna do a
rundown we're gonna show him how to set
up and everything I'm gonna set up
cameras my GoPros and hopefully
everything will go as planned
alright so I decided to go to the store
first let's check this out I got to
return this
I hope the receipt policy is good I
tried reading it but it doesn't say
anything on the receipt so I hope I can
turn this what's up we just had an
awesome meeting and Kong is so up with
technology and so from eve Nam China on
that side of the world you mind my
parents created technology that's it
that's how they created technology what
do you want to show the your buzzer show
me alone unlocking oh here here watch
I'll show you from here so we have this
thing where called the August law right
August it's only Lux nagas it only locks
in August and so I'm like a Shogun
it good so I just press this button on
my phone and then it locks see Oh
all right let's sure from outside you're
going to see anything else yeah
Oh basically you walk out of the house
and you lock it
yeah yeah I gotta hold that in my uh
yeah you could do that
what let's say yeah well you could you
could even make it so that why anyone
show them there's a pattern you know
know that because I don't want people
know where we live
all right guys I just got home and this
is my friend Sammy
uh what's up so this crazy guy Christian
brought him and he's gonna help me prank
my mom today we're not gonna tell you
what to do what kind of character he's
gonna be probably weaned but all you
know is he's gonna be scaring my mom and
we're gonna give him a walk through the
house and show them how I want the
routine to be so I want you to I'm not
gonna be home on it I told my mom that
I'm going out with my friends so I want
you to view here you're down here on the
wall night it's the front door which
Michael - Michael Myers Halloween or
Michael Myers from Halloween awesome
Shrek
yeah Shrek Ross the Baron I think okay
so what do you want I'm just we're gonna
walk yeah do you play nice Eric nice for
me to see another yeah don't don't think
Nigel honking okay so no I would want
you to hold it off probably goal time
I'm holding it like this right now but
uh it's good it's a real knife we got
Sam here he's gonna help us pull the
epic prank so yeah I'm not going to show
it I'm gonna show you tomorrow's log the
run-through
cuz I don't want to reveal the prank so
I'm gonna edit all the stuff a
walkthrough out for tomorrow but this is
Sam he's gonna help us to bring I don't
want to give it away
what we're doing so yeah you guys gonna
have to find out tomorrow's vlog for
behind the scenes
got some exciting news yes well your boy
god I got my computer back and it's
fixed it's completely fixed everything
works now I can finally take my baby to
Dubai
that was really faster than I thought
Thank You Apple for fixing my computer
for free without warranty
awesome hi guys so look I ran into the
mall now my Brazilian boys these are the
guys that supported me through my World
Cup run remember this face
you remember you guys I worked with this
guy I needed since I was 16 years old
busboy but how he was a fucking King so
we're here at the collective offices
getting ready for this prank brutality
is not here because he's at home making
sure all the cameras are set up it looks
good and then his mom actually goes to
sleep tonight somewhere at some time wow
that was really good
I'm looking at her right now she's
pissed I prank my mom and also that all
the footage from today behind the scenes
will be in tomorrow's vlog so and
tomorrow is the prank going up so make
sure you watch it all the behind the
scenes is crazy I'm sure you guys gonna
see the main channel prank mom how is
that had happy Halloween welcome to the
house
are you moving you said wait no you're
so cute I love you that was great well
now you live with me in the house that's
it
yeah but not flip it's all what I do
like almost in the morning are you
kidding me they have to get up at 7:00
they will see you tomorrow spraying what
happened they will see tomorrow what
really happened thank you guys so much
for watching I cannot wait to release
this video tomorrow prank my mom first
prank of the house buying her she's
gonna get me back but I'm taking her to
buy
I don't know I'm all over the place I
have different emotions are you happy of
course gonna go to sleep tight nice pink
lights by the way I need something like
this
you know guys what's really needed Adam
taught me what's a really good way to
pick up a girl when you bring a girl to
your bedroom
and you ask her what's your favorite
color and then she goes green you turn
the switch green because you have green
lights that switches all the rainbow
colors or whatever that's the way guys
if you want to do it do it just trust me
so guys it's the next morning I just got
back from my workout and looks like my
mom's still sleeping cuz she had a long
night I pranked her like around 2:00 in
the morning and yeah she's completely
passed out so I'm not going to reveal
the prank that was a sneak peek I hope
you guys enjoyed it I hoped you enjoyed
the vlog and if it's short for you guys
just know that that I've been planning
the spring for a while now and it took a
half day to plan it out just set up the
cameras I can't wait to show it to you
guys make sure you come tomorrow to the
main channel and check it out tomorrow's
vlog is behind the scenes I'll show you
everything so don't forget your life
your choice you make the decision today
you're making your life thank you guys
so much for watching this vlog I love
you don't forget to give it a big thumbs
up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
I'm gonna go edit this thing lissa day
and it helps to decrease that
inflammation and swelling in your joints
so it's great for sports recovery
