what's up what's up what's up guys
what's up villains time to stop at the
bank to start today today I'm actually
doing a voiceover for my Vitaly
uncensored bachelor show I told you guys
about it it's gonna be very naughty sexy
funny as any paid subscriptions because
collective paid a lot of money to make
that show so yeah it's gonna be really
really fun I'm gonna go to collective
they said they also have a surprise for
me a lot of stuff going on today so
let's go hello guys
nobody's subdued no I'm talking to Ed oh
nice
I want the tops blog right now potala
just walked in so what's my president
bro for a billion views oh wait how much
of all your videos I did not even see
that that is absolutely fantastic
we made it golden whoops not sure I want
to close the door because I wanna thank
you Dan this is our source why'd you get
a gold because WOD billion views and to
match your present looks watch nice dude
here and there's a hell yeah I'm gonna
put that next to my plaque
hey this is sick Allah you mostly took
the screenshots from my old video it's
not the new ones and this is sick damn
you guys oh my god
that's pretty and these guys want to do
another these guys want to do a wrong
with you we bought this yeah but you can
you can make these and you can make them
available to your fans if you want the
hell yeah they're probably wanted these
are nice I love the wheel a cool and the
design 300 so II I can make it like a
custom board afford them for the
villains yeah you can make a villains
board wow this is sick man that's I'm
speechless about this that's just how
I'd you guys these all the old videos
like how to pick up girls mostly there's
not like the World Cup gold digger when
it's old but it's cool
this is awesome how long did it take to
make oh my gosh it took a long time when
did you get your billion views like a
month ago no more three months ago a
while damn
that's sick this is the homeless
this is Subway sandwich guys let me know
in the comments below if you want to get
in tally boards we can make the same
design yeah you can do that or you can
yeah I'm gonna do the good villains
Natali's this is awesome yeah let me
know if you guys want it a villian board
I'm gonna put villain across here and
then that's ally here for sure but this
is speechless I'm speechless a billion
views who would ever thought started
with 25 years v you use in 24 hours I
would hit a thousand years two thousand
three thousand ten thousand hundred
thousand and then it was 1 million each
video crazy thank you guys so much for
everything with you I wouldn't be able
to do this a billion freaking views like
I always say and what we like I always
said it will always say don't give up on
your dreams
add some crazy great news I can't wait
to hang that a word and be proud of it
and I'm heading towards 2 billion views
so anyways right now I am headed to some
freezing thing Gary's taking me which
was the producer on the movie I don't
understand like I'm free like will you
freeze your body for muscles I don't
know and after this I'm doing a
voiceover for my show the show is gonna
become completely crazy sexy funny
naughty it's gonna be this thing's gonna
be too too much for you to handle just
had a meeting about it and later today
I'm actually doing a voiceover for the
show so I'm super excited I can't show
you none of the footage but I will
upload a trailer soon on my main channel
it's gonna completely blow your mind
so we'll see I'm kind of nervous Gary
where did you bring me
why what did I do 2045 he needs to say
to the camera with this this so I know
what the viewers know yeah so basically
what we do is whole body cryotherapy so
we will expose your body in cryogenic
temperatures just a couple minutes and
it helps to decrease inflammation and
swelling in your joints
so it's great for sports recovery it
helps to so be as good as Floyd
Mayweather all right nice like a
business did you look so cute oh my god
I don't know you tell me when I use
these I'm Russian I was the Russian how
it's just like Ukraine this is like
summer day me all right
so how long is this pretty minute we met
oh my god
Thanks so what do I do that
wait three now let him go three minutes
he can handle it he's rushing a villain
that guy I'm rushing sir it's late you
call it just starting out yeah three
minutes hang your robe up and then walk
through there
what's the temperature in there
- 220c him
since the buttocks and he comes out and
he can walk warm up and it was skin
temperature spectrum oh it would have a
hit but for the first time our stream is
next myth bikinis
here don't want to get a thumbnail real
quick which you know oh you got out
early you watch you get on earth
what's up villain
oh yeah so check the preview of the
Vitali bachelor uncensored show and it's
pretty crazy but it needs more work done
so we're gonna hold off to that it's
gonna be crazy just got home from the
gym feeling kind of great what kind feel
great week and a half left what's up how
are you same routine so tomorrow we got
whatever we're setting up cameras around
the house what else we're doing tomorrow
well I did this day couple hours with me
and I have a nice your office doing
everything from the process and organize
everything you sure I'm in here like two
weeks and look at this everything is
done except office you never have time
for me haha next morning check out your
boys breakfast yeah what's so funny
ah that's that's my group right here
what's we a week and a half left look at
this beautiful breakfast it's the next
morning guys I passed out so what a
great workout time to go home time to
work on system today I hope you guys are
having a great so guys I got some
awesome news
so basically when I started this program
it's supposed to be eight weeks and then
recently demoted to nine weeks with that
hell week I was talking about but I was
like I was so excited but then I
couldn't do the hell week is because I'm
going to Dubai but the hell WIC is
optional it's not mandatory but still if
I completed my 60-day challenge I would
have been a great excellent but now what
they did is they moved the last week of
the 60 days to the hell week so I'm not
skipping the hell week so the hell week
is officially starts next week so
basically it's a workout 10-minute break
and another workout or you can also come
back at the night class but I'm not
coming to the night class why cuz I'm
gonna be in my own gym I'm gonna be
going 3 times a day
I'm ready to transform my body
completely literally go from just go 800
degrees just completely turn around just
like the Hitman says your life your
choice don't have anybody make decisions
for you it's your life you make your own
decisions so it's your life your choice
you choose how to live your life nobody
else I hope you guys the best come back
for tomorrow's vlog it's gonna be a lot
of fun can't wait to see you guys can't
wait to talk to you guys again
you guys been motivating me non-stop so
thank you and I'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to give it a thumbs up for
this vlog if you made it at the end and
I'll see you tomorrow
that's it Daniel I had two names in mind
like David and Mary Charlie yeah because
I have
