what affluence welcome to another vlog
that's right
your boys tweeting today sweeping we're
helping that community back whoo if it
rains hope to be a half day but if it
doesn't rain is gonna be a full day and
I really hope that it rains a little bit
of rain
what's that thing in the air what's the
scene there Eddie where is it Oh what oh
look at this what is that what the hell
is that a balloon oh no oh no oh no it's
a meteor Oh No
everyone wonders if I cook well you
ready 3 2 1
so I should go home guys and a lot of
people been requesting the fatality what
are you how do you cook would eat for
lunch so right now I'm going to show you
a simple lunch that I make every day I
usually do the night before but right
now I'm going to do in front of you guys
I showed you how it's done takes me
about probably 10 to 15 minutes and I'll
tell you better than any restaurant so I
used to buy 8 ounces of organic chicken
sliced it up into little squares or
whatever this is oh shit my house is on
fire
Oh my house is abuzz this is the most
sensitive thing ever the station anyways
let's talk see more action whoo fire
that's right
Perez bitch down with my diet the haters
will say my abs are Photoshop in five
weeks and then it just throw roasted
vegetables and once again the haters
will save the vegetables or Photoshop a
promise see they're not Photoshop BAM oh
I love you oh if you like it spicy feel
free to put some hot sauce I usually
like to put hot sauce while I was
cooking so it's open nice and wet mmm
that's what she said
just look at oh my god that smell Wow
you got a chest 9 good
ok hold over this fuck yourself
I cried Emma still e500 yet
hi guys there we go you because you're
shaking Malaga hi guys ready
he's about to deadlift 375 we got hit
here they're probably laughing at that
right so throw your vote Oman because I
never get this a lot of weight though no
I was actually doing is that it like a
lot of weight Attica chicken good
alright put my many three
3:15
let's go villain let's go villain get up
get up
whoop one oh nice - so one more
beautiful
one
let's go fast
I jumped water one
good right back to it
come on get up get up get up no excuses
let's go last one you get it you get a
rest good five jokes come on one
best
this here
that's as well those pluses
thirty
cable crossover side of the left that
goes right left right yeah it was nice
do you tomorrow
one two three
7/7 20 we
14 five more Oh 15 two three four five
good I always told myself I could go but
I do always take this time shame
exercise when I got Joey my body
completely does me and I want to do it
which is good because that must feel
that ourselves now it's going to grow
and show more results you can't work out
the same routine for three years
right over left left over right good Oh
getting that middle chest right yeah I'm
in the 10th each way that's three four
five
six so picked up my boy Tony the myth
the legend went up Tony he's upset with
me right now he was writing a script I
was like bro you can help me finish my
main Channel video that we started so I
messed up his schedule I'm sorry bro
they're gonna forgive me no they all
asking about husband I ain't gonna be on
sending you what do you think I was
going to be if you're becoming don't
have when I'm logging so I'm working on
Frank here I'm waiting for people to
bark rating for the right mark and once
again black people I love you so much
because you do give the best reactions
ever if I prank a white person like nah
whoa whoa I'm calling their own one I
invented pranks in the hood so I take
that credit but check this out
that's your boy that's how dedicated I
am I guess five weeks to go five weeks
and answer it's my lunch right now Tony
went to the bathroom I'm waiting and
waiting when I'm fishing for another
good person to bring Wow what's up guys
thanks for patrolling thanks through
service but listen so on swimming just a
video actually on another plaza over and
a sheets of cop school and so I Drive
out cuz I thought they're coming for me
and then they pull up and they're like
oh god here we go and then they're like
yes we see what you called me
foofy-foofy now i'm vitaly bro battalion
hi thanks man but thank god i hey not
bad yeah it's cool we're not doing
anything much we're just fighting cars
on fire so show the other person
yeah oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god they didn't call
did he did yeah they're like yeah we did
call call but then we noticed you when
you want to bother you
ha ha ha yo you know do you understand
they patrolling the station and they got
a call I would how much confidence I'm
gonna come back off they're like nuts
any trouble let me just let me just let
cars on fire like it's not you shouldn't
you should tell them my brothers you
comic smoothie to them and like you
shell Packer subscribe I've got is wrong
he's going to my brother this is going
to be a oh my I want to say thank you
guys for twenty year post notifications
on to keep you guys engaged to think you
shout out the day goes to Liam rocks
thank you for staying engaged liam rocks
shout out to your channel and yeah man
Liam thanks for watching this is crazy
and it could be you tomorrow turn your
post notifications on and question up
today is what's your plan for summer I
need to know you guys plan for summer I
want to visit Europe I need to know
places where to go for beautiful vlogs
pictures and pranks and good girls
please give this vlog a big thumbs up
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
but Sudan yes
