what's up what's up villains thank you
guys for coming back watching the vlogs
it's actually a late start because we
didn't have power so it took me a while
to edit the vlogs by the time I got them
up it's nighttime we had no internet but
whatever less negative excuses I'm
actually proud because it's actually the
next day so I'm proud of myself for not
cheating at that party and a lot of
people told me this is crazy
I think NEMA said it was one of my
hardest challenges yet what do you think
mom yesterday really I saw some footage
hoop and the footage was there and I
would so much yeah I was shocked that
like you could handle it till 3:00 in
the morning or whatever yeah oh my god
anyways I was just it was like 11
o'clock at night and I was super hungry
like NEMA I'm gonna cheat he goes no
don't do that I don't do it I'm like I'm
like you know what the party ends around
2:00 so it's three more hours I can wait
I would have felt horrible today for
cheated so right now I feel great I'm
actually gonna go get my nails done cuz
yeah I look like a cat right I can
scratch it so I look at my money
beautiful dinner oh my
there what do I do in the shower for
such a long time yeah
a girl sneaks through the window a
window yes Rita level was a cookie store
anyways I gotta start this night and
hopefully I'll Entertain You with
today's lock so your boy just got here
and I totally recommend you guys doing
the same thing it feels like a million
bucks
check this out my feet on fleek deep
anyways I'm about to have my nice dinner
Turkey and Sasquatch has flush whatever
it's called hold on this is my dinner
right here
dinner Turkey lion no sugar roasted
squash medley so I'm about to eat my
dinner super hungry lazy lazy day not
real lazy I worked and did got this done
I'm gonna do emails and I'm also going
to watch a movie because I'm having this
idea I want to get inspired by I'm gonna
watch it so yeah that's my day so
obviously on this diet I have to drink a
lot of a lot of water and water there's
only one amount like a water is the only
certain amount you can drink you know so
I like to mix of this I buy this at the
store and it does not so I'll buy me at
the store and it doesn't have any sugar
and it tasted just like juice so spread
it in up of water and I can drink maybe
20 flat 30 unlimited glasses because it
tastes like juice and I'm sure to add
something addictive inside because you
just want to keep drinking it you keep
being thirsty with zero calories I don't
know it's been working but I definitely
do need a lay off of it so I'm in my bed
right now FaceTime in my boy Kirk fly
and Joel add these are the boys that are
going to divide guys how excited are you
about to bye
this is possibly the land of metalli so
we'll see look but now you know what's
funny about it cuz uh Kirk told me he's
gonna go so I was like Kirk I'm trying
to go around that time as you but if you
go there without me it's not gonna be
the same and you know it's really not
I'm Jam so we got our already yacht
booked on the 14th to go did I tell you
guys that by the way oh yeah I just
wanted to tell you that we have a yacht
on November 14 yep and we're gonna go on
the big yacht one oh yeah is there any
pretty nuts you guys are about to have
some blast vlogs ever in Dubai it's
gonna be the best best lines ever what's
up guys it's the next day it's morning
and obviously I'm not ending this vlog
right now but yesterday I passed out it
was a long day with no electricity in
the morning I was just tired
so anyways just finished my awesome
workout I got two weeks to go and I got
some great news well at least for me I
woke up to everybody tweeting me that
Justin Bieber said I'm his favorite
youtuber I'm like what are people
talking about baby oh where are you now
Marina Drako Meek Mill great who's your
favorite youtuber vitality what do you
mean
so when on this link and I checked it
out and Justin Bieber say he's my
favorite youtuber and honestly it was a
it was it was awesome I was completely
blacked out in Vegas when we met and
he's actually a very nice humble guy
media makes him look like what he's
really not so that's why I hate media
when they do all that but he's a very
nice guy he was very respectful to
everybody
very humble all I wanted to say is
awesome dreams come true who would ever
thought that Justin Bieber would watch
my YouTube videos I started making
videos with 50 views a day fifty I'll
have three likes and for some of you
wants to start YouTube you're probably
getting that right now you know maybe
you're bigger maybe you're smaller even
than 50 views just don't give up on your
dreams
telling you I'm giving you the guys this
motivational speeches because you want
to hear more so I'm gonna give it to you
I just just crazy
oh I wanted to be a popular youtuber
Here I am Justin Bieber watches my
videos who else probably watches my
videos that I don't know you know it'd
be maybe hundreds of celebrities that
see my videos so anyways I'm really
really humbled by what you said and it's
awesome so much we didn't thank you
and don't hate guys thank you so much
for all the love I love you and I'll
bring more or less to your life I
promise you I'm gonna be the best I'm
the best in my heart I'm the best so and
I'm gonna keep going
so thank you guys okay guys it's that
time of the vlog it's gonna be a
different style of Q&A it's gonna be
with my mom mom mom what are you doing
you know work time for Q&A
get your villain hat on put it on time
for Q&A you ready
oh I stepped on that word oh nice okay
you ready for the first question what
was the worst spring that I did on you
here herring for short the wise one
herring friend all right well I do it so
how is that a prank what did you do
heron shut up why did you decide to make
me Vitaly named you Talley
that's a good question I never asked no
yeah I had two names in mind like David
and Batali yeah because I have actually
a friend mine his name was Vitaly and he
was like super generous guy he was like
so nice a reflection of me I'm generous
so I just like I'm like hmm should do my
son name so and since everyone who was
against Oh David because we was in
Russia and it's not that popular name
and whatever so in David then Russia
would have been cool but here it would
have been a worker well I'm glad you
named me battalion cuz girls definitely
love it thank you
was I always this ugly they asked a
question your cutest things you're not
ugly at all
oh I think you're super cute and your
nose make you look special
nice what do you think I would be doing
right now if I wasn't doing YouTube ah
Joe would have feared no idea probably
would still be waiter at the restaurant
good answer
what was your reaction when I went to
jail in the World Cup
oh my god this was like a scariest
things because like when I find out the
actual I forgot like like a minute offer
ah how'd you find out on the internet
because I've isn't I've been watching
game and it didn't show that like you
ran into the field but it was like a
little break and I started Google it and
if I had like a million pictures right
away and like I was so shot that because
like it was too far so I couldn't help
anyhow you know because you see like
both of our leading members oh my oh my
god iced I call in Danny's room and
everyone like oh my god and then you
called me from the jail I was like whoo
relief awesome me okay hey one second
buddy just one second
so would you think I watch dude I told
you one second not to talk but okay
what's up sorry I was I was really neat
again yeah I can't control it bro
I'm so sorry ed so ed interrupted
actually our Q&A with my mom as I add
one second and he he started talking I'm
like didn't I just tell you not to stir
up yeah
sorry bro what's up dude what did you
think I want to started in YouTube I
have a sexually piece super piece
because I thought it's freaking waste of
time and you're not gonna do anything
because I was send you to the college or
something do something more serious but
then you said like mom I promise you you
will see it in one day like in few
months oh yeah that's why you live and
the house will live in all because of
YouTube and all because of our villains
supporting me throughout all these years
so I want to thank you guys so much for
everything
I hope you enjoy this Q&A I hope she
enjoyed this vlog don't hate don't hate
it's all about being positive so please
to give it this video thumbs up thank
you guys so much for watching and I hope
you enjoyed this vlog I'll see you guys
tomorrow
mom B's that's it is okay much better
thank you bite alright alright here we
go
boom
