what's up what's up villa it's another
day in LA I'm actually really busy day
today I already finished my workout I'm
actually headed to the mall right now to
return my not to return to my Apple my
MacBook Pro basically broke a while back
and I need to fix it my SD card doesn't
work at the input and all the USB s
except one and it's really weird because
lastly it's a upgraded MacBook it's like
the most expensive MacBook for my
editing videos and everything and last
year in Dubai a part of the meat leaving
home which I shit up is that he broke
part of me leaving Dubai is because it
broke the same way and then I came back
they fixed it under the Apple care and
now they broke again so I don't
understand what's going on I can't go to
the file like that I need everything
working so I'm headed to the Beverly
Center right now and after that I'm
getting a haircut I look ridiculous you
guys are right I agree I was gonna grow
up my hair no I'm getting a haircut then
I'm headed back to the Ed's office to
see Stevo and Yuka the dude son stunts
so I'm pretty excited pretty exciting
day so let's go so just got out the
Apple Store and they said that they're
gonna fix the computer before Dubai and
that the fee was $300 and they say
they're gonna wave that for me usually
doesn't do that that's the ones I'm
thinking but they want to do it for me
and I'm thinking that's what they tell
every customer is that I wanna you know
get the word around going to Apple sucks
blah blah blah blah blah they want to
spread the word how good Apple is so he
said now don't worry when I usually do
this for customers I'm gonna do this for
you some cool cool so anyway so my
computer's gonna be fixed I'm gonna be
editing vlogs on my iMac thank God for
that iMac I have it so yeah all for a
haircut and then pranking him stiva and
actually dude sons and it's not a prank
it's a stunt look at you look at you all
professional with a chair all the tools
you got for the haircut why in the
kitchen though mom I smeared - oh my god
this is hilarious I don't know nice all
right guys stop for a haircut
damn your boy looking sexy look at that
thank you mom by the way for the people
are gonna still no hair line in the year
but for the people who's gonna say oh
the colors a hair long first of all that
doesn't bother me
second of all I have this hair line
since March 8 1992 since I came out of
her I'm kidding but what do you think I
want to hear those hair lines I'm gonna
answer my question for you am I gonna go
balls
some people have is my dad ball this
might be very thick hair thank you very
much thank you thanks a lot I love you
mmm see you soon so if you guys didn't
own my number 1 for anything rhinos is
this this beats oh my god and once again
here you go your boy like always for the
lunchbox what's up Eddie
tally I don't mean to I feel really bad
are you ready for the stunt today am I
ever
what do you think about my hair I think
you look pretty sexy too clean cut you
could fit in right in the West Hollywood
with that yeah what about do this the
payoff check out this workout he's not
even flexing he just stand-in there look
at there you know you're looking good
bro you got stomach stomach going so are
you ready for this done today yeah I'm
not tracking the Phantom's everything
about to go down damn yeah
no babies for whoever is getting hit
yeah see what doesn't need babies we
need more little Stevie yeah we do
what's up Pete what's up that's my bro
what's up what's up what's up so they're
about to do a stunt I feel bad for
Steel's that's that's crazy
I always be the best of luck with
everything
good
see while you're ready
alright alright here we go three two one
turn
so about two three weeks ago I don't
know if you guys remember I got shot
with a cactus and now they're doing the
same thing with you and Yuka they're
about to get shot they in for a treat oh
my gosh I don't know how you do this you
don't eat all this healthy food you're
working out you're not drinking you're
getting shot by cactuses you guys are
tough ready look at that target I don't
understand guys are they doing this I
don't understand I'm sorry fried that I
had to cut it out because it's not for
my channel and it was a sneak peak
totally you guys are gonna have to be
seed on dude Suns channels and Steve was
challenged i'ma show you guys are you
subscribed to them but if you aren't
make sure you go subscribe
show them the support it's coming out
probably later this week
it's insane whether they're honestly
insane they shot in 360 - and I'm so
happy to be a part of this I used to
watch these views in 2004-2005 and I'm
here watching them live collaborating
with them making videos dreams come true
people you know I say yesterday's vlog
dreams come true this is another example
I'm sure almost look with you hey do you
know whether you said yesterday we're
gonna shoot a girl yeah got a haircut
like these sighs oh yeah
then you rented a photo of me and you
went for hatred yeah can I look like a
mile cuts my hair so are you going to be
like I want to be like y'all you know
what I realized just now that we're
doing a stunt together here too
I'm not gonna lie I'm jealous what I
just saw you gotta I'm jealous but are
you willing to step up the game to all
nicely oh yeah I hope they're willing to
see a stunt because they expecting
pranks but then you can dislike a high
quality video like I was gonna come out
are you guys ready to see Batali get
down and dirty
oh this way is to do its and like to see
when we shut it for the movies just like
that one camera this I'm stepping up I
don't care shoot me with a fucking
bullet so I'm not gonna point the camera
at me guys right now but right now what
happened is shit yeah right now what
happened is that I got home anyway
invited me to Maxim Halloween party you
know Maxim yeah the magazine Maxim
Halloween party was sunny again so I
don't know and literally in five minutes
like I don't know costume and this is
what my mom and I came up with hi guys
so I'm headed to this Halloween party I
don't know what to expect from it I did
not expect this did not plan this but I
was gonna have there
but sorry I just got out of the gas
station in my ridiculous outfit and yeah
so these awesome thanks nice meeting
guys thanks so much must've liked it
what's up guys I told him this was
last-second telling what's going on here
look at these oh my god this is how they
dress so we're going let me say what's
going on so we're going to the maxim
party tonight and last-minute called
Vitali and he got ready believe Vitali
put this together really fast and he is
I said it's a lazy army guy he's like a
lazy Serbian military guy that's it's he
lives in the cold but it just doesn't
get ready so he's wearing his pajamas so
Gigi gave me this it matches my outfit
I'm gonna head to the party and there's
nothing wrong with that
hey it's part of the costume right she's
crazy huh well that's a big one no right
in front oh shit who are you
catch put it in the right way
fatality tip step you know yo GG we
gotta go
Oh chill alright alright I'll wait for
you god damn yeah this is legit there's
like hundreds of people here yeah we're
going on the party boat party boat party
right now
I don't mean oh look at all these people
I was about to where it takes up and
just jeans oh my god I would have been
embarrassed Barbie in the box
you look great when you put Barbie in
the box you have to put a Barbie
that's the way I just go guys have a
question is this the White House to
Dubai UAE for sure
damn welcome look at this this is the
house this is a graveyard holy crap
a serious
I can't believe this
this was probably the best town now
ours is so good
mee-mah are you serious turning the food
Batali step away from the food oh my god
that's for me
Isaac it's a beautiful Belarusian you
like my outfit today
why
about 30 60 if I can't get over this
party is off the books and we need to go
and talk to more girls that's the goal
because look how many of them gear every
girls looking so sexy and every time
we've been talking to girls we can't
bust out the block camera I want to know
which one to choose
yeah there's too many there's too many
guys now I can see
here we go so we just got out of the
party and it's the chaos over here
there's so much going on yeah let's go
let's go to our bure there's so many
cops here we literally had to wait in
line for like ten minutes to get out
hello to the villians I'm a Russian girl
I go oh yeah we had fun a lot of fun
what about so more fun
all right guys thank you so much for
watching last night was completely epic
I passed out last night was great shout
out to NEMA for inviting me to the most
craziest party had probably been in the
United States I don't know it's a how it
was a house party guys there was a house
party I wish you got to experience what
I did anyways thank you so much for
watching these vlogs come back tomorrow
for another epic day thank you for all
your daily support I love you my mom
loves you thank you don't forget to give
it a big thumbs up and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
that's weird I know what happened is I
was just thinking positive one day I
want to be in that car I want to drive
that car
