ah gotcha
what up until your camera smile what's
up what's up villains I'm headed to Ed's
office uh it's a office in downtown Los
Angeles he has a surprise for me I don't
know the surprise I probably might look
at this really really Wow anyways he has
a surprise for me I might kind of know
what it is but I don't so I think it
might be it might be a drone he got me
that drone super excited he told me to
come by and yeah we'll see we'll see
what's up so the question of the day
actually is when I go to the bye should
I do a fan meetup it's gonna be probably
ticketed fan meetup I heard I can't do
nothing for free they're like I can't
just tell people to come to the park or
on the beach it's super illegal and yeah
I don't want to cause chaos but it's
gonna be ticketing event I'm wondering
who is from Dubai and would you come to
see me I have a lot of people on Twitter
they're saying yeah please do a fan
meetup in to buy in Dubai actually last
year I couldn't walk on the streets I
literally sometimes I would need a
security to go out so I'm assuming a lot
of people's gonna show up so if you're
from Dubai you're watching this please
comment below yes I'm from Dubai or and
if you yeah and see how many if you are
from Dubai see how many people you would
come with if you're gonna bring any
friends I would love to know please
share this information with me I'll go
through all the comments and see what's
going on thank you so just get to the
studio
I want to say this like have you guys
seen anything like this in your life
look at this
they probably have it look more cameras
are these you thought you hadn't are
they all the same yeah they're all the
things so it does the matrix effect so
like the cameras wrap around you like in
the matrix
oh if someone were to do also tomorrow
Stephen you're doing us done here yeah
gonna be if not half as well this is all
the good office and this is just one
room right here and check out this room
looks a little crazy look at all these
drones yeah baby
wow are they just for the lost art this
is one to use work if you connect a
little moment to go from oh big one for
the red camera the medium one for the 5g
this one's for like parties when people
want like to have UFOs at the party they
all light up like crazy these are the
holder drums that's when we stop the
baby - with Jesse and Jeana Coco drone
hold 5d John I mean this is sick so wait
this is the time I told him about the
surprise earlier in the vlog told them
about no but I don't know what it is
okay I kind of told him I have a feeling
of it is I don't want to ruin it's not
but I kind of did say we have something
for B right here this is CAF and Joe
what up one of the biggest drone
influencers in the world we were going
to go show vias present leave this
rollin let's go yeah
No is that money dude
the Hitman no a full set up you telling
ok filter go cuz we know you're gonna do
god
yeah go go to Dubai so we got gold on
there for you you think how long so wait
you're telling me this is all mine yep
three batteries you can fly for wha I
think we want to get you a backpack so
instead which is the same dude yeah
thank you no oh yeah we're gonna get you
a backpack we're gonna do a video with
this drone soon and I'm gonna give these
guys a big shout out so you guys you
guys gonna have to go and show your
support shown the villains support
because this is incredible wow they
already know me but cancer the Australia
I was really never into drones like I
don't want it I don't wanna but end up
it zones are changing the video game
yeah well we're out here fly right now
let's have lunch first lunch first
yeah lunch I ate it is you'll be put on
a service easy job but I'm gonna get a
little backpack where I control should
be a backpack with a little harder to
bring a burning fire you know
laptop and fitted all mix we're going to
give you the backpack and you can check
it this you can't carry it on hey baby
what's up are you going to be
participating in the Sun is my camera
dollars are gonna go down I change so
bad dude you can sell that air you're
showing it on my chain so fancy created
every time dude that's a really active
it's gonna be hard to beat this
Halloween prank but if you guys have any
ideas feel free to comment below for any
Halloween pranks I don't know how to
beat the city I don't know if it's
possible there is ways but maybe Nick
can do it they do Nick any idea how can
you become so we just got to this hotdog
place to lunch once again you guys going
to tease me what's the call you can have
the cash
it's a hot dog place and your boys here
with his shrimp salad lucky lady you
have the torture battalion like last
night at the taco place or my house all
that complaining it's pretty good that's
the key that looks good but the best
part about this is this iced tea was
five bucks
it must be really good though a bit now
I want to compete with us yeah bringing
much 10 bucks later you're gonna pay for
parking in this seriously a joke right
now I'm so sorry what am i doing I
always do that I got beautiful fries
Brice feels amazing
dude this is all I'm gonna have I
thought my naps later I'm gonna have
this now I'm gonna have my hot chocolate
peanuts do have to answer everything
clear yeah we fry these fries too whoo
hey guys so mother to take off my first
take off of the drawl never ever touched
the drawn in my life so I can't just
stand back heat off my cars over there
good
just stand back here a little bit more
okay so you've never flying around
Oh ever find right so put these two down
and together on a diagonal just go down
and down let go like okay okay now now
all I want you to do is just just go go
straight up
oh my god what is this with me
okay so there's a little helicopter this
fall it's cheap at GPS so I collected
out as you know we quickly download Java
oh my god too much is it
oh my god dude no I can I can attach it
yeah I'll be freaking out of all
the autopilot I want you to do this now
I want you to see how you've got the red
lights just just stop for a sec I know
what I see yeah all right side or turn
it so just use this one to turn hey
watch your record it to seeing up to it
on the blog so it's what's downtown
there's that way so it's always gonna
stay in the air I shouldn't worry yeah
so it's not gonna drop out but you want
to look cuz look at your surroundings
yeah you've wired rate water go so you
get this one now : not too far down so
that's enough of that you see how this
wires all reactions yeah you are no
higher
okay go a little bit higher just go a
little bit see there you go you got it
now you're in your freakin machine and I
go forward and just do it what's the
screen now so you can see and if you
want to top down what's this see this
one pull that down lower
pull that down pull down by the water
how did you do see you understand oh
this is how you told it yeah so that's
how you talk was it once you stop it
stops yeah so first lesson is done
they're not giving me the drone until I
feel safe to fly so which is okay I
accept as long as I get it before Dubai
have it thank you very much understand
but also yeah I'm about to take some
skydiving classes so we'll see I'm gonna
be ended by over here now I'm doing it
probably here so I can skydive in the
bye alone but I don't think two weeks
three weeks I can get my license we'll
see but just cuz of this now I'm a feel
like I'm in school I got it learn how to
fly school I got to learn how to fly
drone I got to learn how to jump by
myself well thank you guys for an
awesome experience at the drones use
office I'm gonna come back for
tomorrow's fun blog with even Yuka I
won't tell them what they're doing but
you guys get to see behind the scenes a
Steve on you go working together so I'll
be pretty cool thanks for having me boys
Oh see ya it was actually recorded kid
even like getting a hold of log camera
and I'm asking to fly the drone you just
need a little practice and everything
alright yeah look over here oh my god
now I need a haircut badly because I've
guys so I'm here with Cameron it's uh
from the wolf's we just killed a workout
right now I'm gonna drop him off fine
I'm gonna go home eat my dinner and I
don't know what I'm doing tonight by the
way Nemo's in town so I might go see him
the fish is going up with the fish he's
gone out with like 20 girls on the party
bus but I can go out I don't have to
drink you guys already see me
controlling myself so I don't know I'm
not sure uh I don't know early work out
tomorrow so whatever I'm just looking
forward to my dinner but yeah so I'm
here my garage and as you can see that's
from reading books all these shelves all
these empty shells wait is this the guy
from full house why hello there villain
so I'm back again in this time in LA for
another night of NEMA and Vitaly show
sober Vitaly and not so sober Nima
damn this looks crispy ouch what were
yours is for 2005 or something damn so
ya shovin is out there right now doing
some business work on email biting me
here there pre-gaming a guest
I just had an expresso I'm just chillin
chillin chillin chillin I got two weeks
left but this car is not should this be
my car remember this cars from the
Scarface 2 video yeah scarface sketch
this is sig did I'll be taking this this
is kind of cool the old version oh the
doors go up are completely
real quick motivational speech one day
when I was in high school I saw a
Lamborghini at a gas station and I said
what can I do for a living to get this
comic I'm never even going to be able to
drive a Lamborghini and then all my beep
not in all my videos but some of my
videos are driving a Lambo yeah it's my
work car it's my work cars
I get them but I don't own a Lamborghini
but I always wanted to drive one
and I always wanted to own one so I'm
close to owning one I just don't want to
get one it's not the right time so what
happened is I was just thinking positive
one day I want to be that car I want to
drive that car and lately since my
youtube career took off I've been away
too many around Lambos so basically if
you work hard you can get it so never
say never
that's what I say Nima any advice yeah
I'm a businessman for anything that you
want you got to create a vision board
you got to put it around you so you look
at it all the time make it your
wallpaper on your phone make it your
wallpaper on your computer make it so
you always look at what you want whether
it's your relationship you want a car
you want a house yeah it's not about
just the land but somehow there can be
anything well your hell tell him about
you they check when your phone as a
wallpaper yeah yeah so I wrote myself a
10 million dollar check that I can't
cash until 2017 and I was look at that
picture so that I remind myself
August 15 2017 August 15 2017 I have to
make 10 million dollars I have to get a
10 million dollar check and that's what
Jim Carrey did for before his first big
movie he wrote himself a check a few
years before and eventually he ended up
right at the date that you said it was
even get heard around that time he ended
up getting paid 10 million dollars for a
movie and he got that see believe it and
you will achieve it daily motivational
speech you brought you by Batali's there
Yvette's key and Neiman the jot oh yeah
all right guys so this is shriven the
owner the owner so obviously this is not
my car so G driven other friends of you
for a while now you've been in Scarface
they know you so they probably going to
ask in the comments how did you get this
car what's this what's this what's this
is can you give them a quick 30 second
motivational speech eyes honestly don't
ever give up keep going
follow your passion don't ever chase
them money you would you really believe
in I promise you the money
I never gave up and at some point it's
going to challenge you when you feel
like you're done it's not gonna happen
you're at the bottom that's your test
you beat that test and deserve
everything I mean my dream car that's
what I was one hell yeah four years of
other this one's in 2004 yeah and it's
same you're not gonna fill it nothing
whatever sell it yeah it's damn it's so
cool it's somehow doubt he's a lot more
than just a car yeah I mean I was able
to do what I set out to do oh oh I have
nine other cars yeah it's just a lot oh
that's awesome dude well thanks bro nice
seeing ya oh yeah I'll keep it up and
check out this pool check out the living
room over there and the best of
everything is the view check out this
awesome sick view you just chill right
here and you enjoy the view so sharp it
did say he had more cars this is two of
them you said you had nine total so the
Lambo now you got this one now you got
this one yeah I know guys give him a
thumbs up for his car give it a big
thumbs up on this vlog you guys are
gonna have this I promise you
just set your mind to it it will be
yours
so I just got home guys and um I need a
drink
ha ha ha I'm just kidding I did not
drink I got drunk off my protein shake
I was waiting for this all night
all right guys thank you so much for
coming to hang out with me again and for
all the positive love of the comments
and all the thumbs up thank you I'll see
you guys tomorrow
all right let's see that yeah this is a
live round here and you don't want to
mess with like there where you guys
excuse me yeah
