what's up villas good morning
I don't know where you guys from well
you actually left me comments you guys
are all over the world so I'm sure it's
nighttime when you're watching this is
daytime it's afternoon anyways just
finish my workout dennis is getting
ready we're gonna go back to the studio
but we've got this guy it's his last
three hours here brah
I'm gonna miss you thank you for
everything say bye I'm with two French
Jews nice thank you you all right but oh
look I like it we're both wearing
sweaters anyways dude thanks for
everything
ah yeah I'm sure villains are gonna miss
you I wish you the best of luck in your
life stick with a diet don't frickin go
back to where you were I wish you all
the best
any words oh yeah yeah protects me let
me know what's up and I'm probably gonna
give your number out to the whole
villains so they can texting catch up
with you anything to say to the villains
brah yeah it was fun love all the
comments all the love that you guys gave
me on snapchat whatever you know in the
comments or you get a missile yeah dude
you saw follow me on Instagram wow a
strong 12 pounces express so well the
old great offices were past that what's
up guys hey what are you doing here I'm
here to see some media I'm supposed to
come in
not like this a little bit lies copy
hell yeah
coffee copy round two in the studio here
picking up some lines that you didn't
hear me saying so now you're gonna hear
me saying just here by myself this time
today about to record the lines and get
this movie over with Dennis and I
decided to stop at a Halloween store
prank to get inspired for some awesome
ideas for his how to prank channel for
my vlog we should get something good
it's definitely a lot of ideas if you
guys want to prank your friends
inspiration you just walk through the
store you don't have to buy anything
this is mine I dropped it I bought it
earlier
no that was like right there on the
corner and I fight through it around
like it was like yeah we're all here for
real stick them up back up
this is a live rounds here and you don't
wanna mess first of all wind do anything
I could tell you in on it because the
way your lips are quivering you're
nervous I was like it can't be real
because he just took a picture with us
and I was like this pointing the gun at
the cops do you don't we never do that
oh yeah she got it she just came up to
us I was I'm thinking I want to go to
the buy bra fucking coolest people in
Los Angeles but where'd you get the cops
to come up in you interrogate us
basically being shoplifters
I was scared I was like going to jail I
know I gotta wait five more years for my
citizenship so I just got back to my car
and there was no parking anywhere and
usually people are Park around like this
I know there's cops right there those
actually the cops that pranked us but
look this is my car and I got a note
I witnessed three cars plus myself spent
a long time a new ring around your
stupid car and parking job you're a
selfish you think it was those pants and
the car in front of me was actually fans
I want to take a picture with me that
was probably down the road this car was
here all these cars are still here maybe
this one I am out of here
Wow I really do need a haircut mom they
keep asking saying any two haircut could
you give me a haircut for again or
before / anyways my mom Wow eating
healthy look at that that's nice I'm
here warming up my food right now I got
some salmon and
or whatever that is yeah so then it's an
I about to go to his boys taco place and
we're about to play Django meet with Ed
there and stuff so it should be fun but
we just got a killer workout I'm super
hungry this was probably one of the
worst ideas coming
Wow
our sangha are you sure undefeated
or do they give the champion but I have
74 career wins he lost last time to you
so he wants to revenge all right let's
see Bill style three two one Hallie are
you having no baby
relationship
so ed and I both park in taxi zones
there's my car in Texas zone in his and
right now I'm gonna prank him I'm gonna
put my vlog camera here and tell him
that his car got towed
he told me well he taught me well I got
upset for a second hi so what's going on
we just got to your house
what's up about the gift you were
talking about and the culture in the
Korean culture because I am from
originally my family is from tegu which
is outside of Seoul South Korea
okay we are very generous people and
when we have guests or at home it's very
important that we give gifts sad-ass
we're hospitable and we want to get this
I'm giving you a gift you must take all
gifts do not not take them it's an
insult
all batali ones Los Angeles limes whoa
wait wait a sec okay cool
what if so you have like just a store
inside so every time I guess comes you
have something no way what
if I come home with the baby good mom
it's a culture where I went okay so he's
just been given us gifts all day the
Korean culture to Korea want to change
it Easter so my name is Scott I was
there in Americans like Mike and I want
to give gifts all my friends the
everybody knows we just came up threes
like this is gonna be this gift means a
lot to him he's gonna give it to me
and yeah what were you thinking this
crazy this gift came a long way it
reminds me of something you would see in
the revenant something that represents
colonial spirit conquering new lands
going as far west as you can go we will
rock this I will watch you rock this oh
yeah damn thank you Scott Wow what do
you think I like it this is awesome you
know where that thing like it means a
lot to them came up to bid says watch
dennis is gonna get scared cuz I'm gonna
drop a chair well okay guys it's the
next morning it's about 7:00 a.m. I
still need to go get my work on I'm
ready to go we're gonna say my legit
thanks very much but I am wearing that
same shirt from yesterday cuz I didn't
sweat but anyway it's Devon is heading
good luck with everything this is what's
all oh well good luck good luck he's
down villains good luck thank you thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forget to come back tomorrow
give the slug a big thumbs up I love you
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
this is Han
