what's up villains good morning guess
who he's cute today our new yes hey
thank you what the mother D equals
villainies dude dude he's been behaving
bad bro yeah
where's Brandon the house is so big I
don't know where to get anything she's
no papa
spray him I got him yes sir we keep
messin is Brendon
anyway so dennis is here for a couple of
days we're gonna finish our movie intro
he's gonna stay here we're gonna do some
pranks what do you think about the house
so far okay guys we've got a little bit
of sad news but not really
but anyways Brendon yeah ready you going
home tomorrow he's gonna go see his
girlfriend people hawkgirl for the wall
I don't know she's a girl
but anyway she's gonna go home see the
family Thanksgiving coming up soon
Halloween I can handle filming on my own
I got Christian to help me so Brenda's
gonna go dennis is gonna stay here for a
couple days so no I'm not switching
Brendon to go home for Dennis Brad
Dennis there's enough room for Dennis
and brother here
so anyways buying him a ticket and shut
your shop bolita out
ciao they're gonna miss you bro you're
gonna stick with a diet yeah when I get
back I'm gonna the song confident I'm
sorry
but Dennis what do you think what do you
think in two months he's gonna let it
I've been controlling I don't know man I
feel like when he goes away he's gonna
be depressed because he went from West
Coast lifestyle rich and fame all this
cool shit
to what South Florida South yeah yeah
it's gonna be tough transition I told
him he's gonna he's gonna spend time
with his girlfriend cuddle in bed with
spaghetti bolognese
and let himself go drink beer every day
great what it should be a motivation for
you like prove you wrong yeah we'll see
you'll see in two three months I'm gonna
FaceTime him and show it to you guys on
the vlog camera okay so I know you guys
gonna be like what the hell is she doing
but why are you doing this I don't smoke
weed why are you cleaning the bomb my
mom is literally cleaning my old bomb
friends what about my friends oh oh you
care about their health you're dicking
them he'll this didn't like get sick or
something clean ice I'm gonna smoke
tonight then no no just kidding
transformation ha transformation after
transformation yeah we doesn't make me
motivated like I told you guys before he
gets me munchies I eat bad it's hard to
wake up so yeah but it's nice of my mom
to take care of my guests when they come
over because the ball was sitting
outside and we're just getting dusty and
stuff but anyway just wanted to share
with you guys because I'm sharing
everything I do so yeah bye anywhere is
about to go back to my old apartment
return the keys and my garage door
opener so they can give me my deposit
back and then I'm off with Dennis to
collect his office for some meetings did
you guys miss the old place look at this
what happened to the kitchen oh my god
this is crazy look at this
Wow what's up guys hello oh yeah who's
Chris he's not here oh you wanted me to
walk through that I used to live here
guys look what have what do you do yeah
I used to now I moved so there's no new
key you guys put in new kitchen in nice
cool of course I leave them they put the
new kitchen paint
oh don't worry oh nice
they're gonna put in you they put the
new tile in the bathroom Wow this
apartments gonna be sick
b-side apartment so I just got out of my
meeting and this is my lunch today guys
this is my burger was not a bun while
this guy but there is making Nutella
sandwich teasing me I got 17 days left I
can do this know what happened
I just can't vlog just drop I can pour
Roland broke his camera well I guess
I'll take over the vlogs yes you'd be
the king of vlog today baby so anyways
we're about to record our lines our
pickup lines for the movie super excited
check out the studio we're in LA two
years ago I was doing pranks ago two
years ago is do three guys in there
discussing how we're gonna be recorded
what we're gonna say we're in here we
made it
don't give up on your dreams guys look
three years ago I used to be on the
streets filming with a little camera now
I'm in the office cruising down the
street and my six-four jacking the beat
slapping of Roman went to the park to
get the vlog camera and it was on the
ground eating some ho hello yo what's up
V what's up man just waking up but do
girls you know the deal yeah yeah right
listen I got some good news mm-hmm they
do it from LA he wants to make the movie
that guy we talked about a porn movie oh
man a real movie like a chance yeah okay
that's ever gonna happen
I like I think this is our chance you
come in yeah you got coming in there Ali
good
no I'm making a face cuz
it's been like 10 minutes later she's
like I lost my appetite everything we
got Dennis and I are going to the gym
hell yeah workout baby whoo you did a
crispy job Wow
I didn't even go to the store and buy
this shit are you trying to smoke or
what no I'm just trying to be like feed
us first excuse me No
yes I know I showed you guys think
pickup me at the gym but I was ill with
a tank top wait until I take it off
anyways guys I'm getting ready for Dubai
this is all my girl pro stuff I'm
probably not gonna take everything with
me but some of the stuff I'm organizing
all my camera stuff mom thank you for
your light thank you thank you thank you
you look so angry hey hey he's like no
don't look at me he'll don't point that
crap I mean are you still pointing are
you so pointing yes sir he's gonna bite
it okay guys that to make a quick
announcement so I've been checking my do
box very rarely and when I did I saw all
your letters I'm gonna try to go through
all of them and thank you guys so much
for every single small letter that you
sent me I'm gonna open up some gifts
like I already did like this shirt right
here what the tally in the bag is
awesome anything you guys send me like a
letter saying Vitaly I love you I
appreciate everything I'm not gonna be
able to read everything on my blog but
I'm gonna definitely future some of your
letters random letters random presents
in my vlogs I'm gonna be checking my
fuel box once a week I was slacking not
gonna lie now I'm gonna stay more
connected with you cuz I've been having
a lot of fun these vlogs are pretty
pretty awesome and I feel like you guys
actually talking to me back in the
comments so thank you guys
it's so nice okay she just wanted to get
on the camera anyway no
I'm kidding cool so yeah thank you guys
so much I'm gonna keep opening it up
this Russian girl send me a little limo
car which is pretty sick and just all
these little things matter to me like
you guys writing and handwriting and
love you Vitaly going preparing up some
paragraphs and paragraphs tell me how
much I inspired you and stuff pushes me
forward also want to say thank you to
Chris from Australia for sending me this
mask you guys sending me so many
presents this is awesome and right on
timing I got little cars I got CDs I got
people's music
I got t-shirts like a whole bunch of
stuff thank you guys
anyways thank you so much for watching
this vlog and I hope you guys have fun
hang you know if you guys want to come
back tomorrow you're welcome
don't forget to give this like a big
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
this is it I know so I'm about to make a
protein take the floor cameras oh my god
are you doing
