what's up villains good morning thank
you for coming back watching today's
episode look what happened now what
bothers you
she actually have a Russian TV you stole
Russia whenever getting you what Edward
wants to help you given their nose on
YouTube why it doesn't work press ok and
what remote Wow
this is hilarious well anyways about to
hit the gym yeah what are you talking
about what what dial and enter what
future we're going to divine the future
there's no remote controls in Dubai
everything is done for you you live in
if you live in the future they're very
dogs do it you take it you're getting
better in other words no more heart
pains hmm so huge you know buddy camera
I did all right
your boys ready to go to the gym gym gym
gym gym gym that's twice today so uh
after that after that what am i doing I
threw that off but then I got a couple
meetings
I'm just working this over live I'm just
gonna keep going I gotta keep peddling
on the bicycle cuz I'm moving forward
fast being sober and I love it so let's
go Jim chest and tries baby I know I
know guys you said I need a haircut I'm
gonna get it but just kill the workout
try some buys and I'm actually doing
extra abs I haven't been
doing them for the past month like I've
been doing at the workout but I haven't
been doing on my own so I'm doing it
right now and I am super excited these
guys are laughing over in the other car
because I'm probably vlogging but
anyways I'm gonna get a little bit of
work done jerk my protein shake and
maybe go get manicure pedicure and I
probably should pay my toenails like
NEMA did it's hilarious with like the
rainbow color but yeah it's definitely a
chick magnet
yeah but anyways yeah and then I might
meet up Tina and we might go do a
massage also so I don't know but
tomorrow is gonna be a very big day
because natural born pranksters coming
in town and we're recording our intro
like the audio we're doing the audio
voiceover and I cannot wait this movie's
gonna be so sick so sick so sick and I'm
breaking it up to you guys I probably
stole the whole show in the movie yeah
I'm not talking just like highly about
myself I'm just speaking from my heart
because I always wanted to do the movie
I always wanted to do the movie and I
told myself I'm gonna steal the show and
I stole it probably 70% of the movie
just sorry but I'm excited oh alright
guys I know a little bit late but I just
want to thank you so much for all the
comments on the new prank the Russian
hit pen thank you I'm gonna be keeping
up with those edgy pranks and look who's
here my mom my mom and I just hit the
gym together and look she's eating
healthy what are you eating steak let's
pray I can't fast barbarous us partners
so let me tell you what happened earlier
today so Brandon was washing dishes and
he broke her glass he's out right now
he's getting me a new microphone wire I
sent him to get it
so he's busy right now but he broke a
glass and my mom asked him to clean and
carefully and I just realized why not to
prank him so I have a fake I think blood
and I'm gonna put it all over my foot
and I'm gonna scream Brandon you like
you didn't clean it but just make me
feel horrible we'll see I'm different
why you don't like it
no oh okay I think he's like telling me
I was like nah nah don't do it yeah
chill out buddy okay so anyways yeah so
we'll see how it's gonna turn out oh and
by the way first time I'm ever taking my
mom chill massage I'm gonna treat you
like a Korea especially in Dubai I'm
gonna treat you like okay you are I owe
you a lot so no no first time we're
going together it's you it's cute
yeah we're like look Kyle by the way I
didn't ask you how do you guys like this
logs living with my mom together in the
house much better than just in that
apartment right I was just end vlog and
stuff now I can talk to her we can guys
watch what we're doing I'm more
productive I'll be eating healthy I
cannot wait to get up this diet and eat
that and I'm definitely I think my
program ends November 9 on the Beachbody
I'm not gonna drink and go right away
but November 12 is gonna be Dubai so on
November 12 then I have a nice dinner in
Dubai your boys gonna get a chocolate
cake I'm so completely I gotta catch up
on my 60-day chocolate I'm craving
chocolate and then I'm gonna have
definitely I'm gonna stay I'm staying
there for two weeks I'm definitely gonna
drink maybe like three or four days out
of two weeks not everyday like last time
so it's gonna be a very fun trip and I
can't wait to take you guys with us just
get out oh man I'll tell you guys you
need a massage at least once a month
okay if you can't go once a week at
least once a month love what do you
think okay what do you mean it's okay
happy ending or something where was I
not meaning like old his balloons and
stuff you know
okay Happy Endings days when I was a
waiter but anyways so back to the house
massage was great time for another
workout tomorrow but I'm gonna stop
talking about my work I've been talking
a lot but I'm just pushing you know you
guys like it so I can stop but about to
go home eat dinner hopefully bring his
back if not I'll just wait till he gets
back to prank him
yay all right guys so but I just got
back and he is doing some judicial
initiative technology for whatever
technology take a second that thing up
he's talking the speakers up to TV and
we're about to watch a documentary about
Ukraine the winter is on fire or
something like that
mom what's up with you what are you up
to cleaning cleaning cleaning cleaning
so I'm about to make a protein ah
fucking bread
think of what camera 17 cleaning you
clean the glass this is fucked up holy
shit like obviously about to like take
my finger and be like okay yeah okay
you're really gonna blink my blood yeah
you're gonna take a risk good good
please come to the Zaretsky house and
you'll be pranked all day you don't have
heart attacks almost is Edward just
chillin alright guys just bill watching
for an hour and a half winter on fire on
Netflix and it's pretty crazy
I knew the all the stuff going on in
Ukraine that was born I was born in
Russia but raised in Ukraine but doesn't
it's just crazy to see what happens over
what happened for the last couple of
years right I didn't watch I'm not into
politicians I'm not into all that news
because I don't believe in using all
that but this decrement erm is pretty
crazy what happened there I'm down I can
probably never go back to Ukraine but
there's some people that from Ukraine
and watching this right now what do you
have to say maybe a little visit yeah
but that's not mom would you think
yeah it's crazy anyway so you know you
might get some haters but anyways see I
don't know the whole world is at peace
for me I don't know but anyways I don't
want to bring you guys our mood down or
whatnot doesn't matter
so yeah what's up it's time for early
wake up tomorrow again and yeah I've got
some exciting news for you guys but I'm
not gonna share him because they're not
confirmed yet so no students by anyways
thank you guys so much for watching
don't forget to give this log a big
thumbs up and yeah do you know whom
