whatever happened to it to give it to
you
man The Paperboy he's in TV and I get
delivered here
somebody tell me please
good morning villains I hope you're
starting this morning right like I am
with these awesome dumbbells right here
I'm currently at the gym at the hotel
there's no way to stop me I'm working
out at the hotel I'm gonna be doing this
when I'm traveling I feel healthier than
ever the bidding drink last night woke
up at 9:00 in the morning and I'm having
so much fun
lifting this weights I'm getting closer
and closer to my goal every single day
don't make any more excuses that you
can't go to the gym I want to go explore
for you guys for the vlog which I will
do that's why I woke up early uploaded
my vlog yesterday and now I'm here at
the gym lifting heavy and there's a
partner right there it's doing the same
thing I'm doing getting closer to her
goal people
I'm getting ready my shoulders are
killing me I'm working out and I'm not
stopping me what's in the room right now
taking a shower doing business emails
I'm here doing my work lifting weights
okay so just check that up the hotel and
it's a beautiful day out in San
Francisco the view is not that great but
eric is about to pick me up pick us up
and we're gonna go to a cookie store get
some gear shoot some fun intro for the
vlog and do daily activities in San
Francisco are we gonna take you with us
and also we forgot one thing
what we forget the freaking microwave we
forget the microwave the microwave all
right guys my boy Eric picked me up
what's up Eric my Russian fellow so he's
taking me to a cookie store burners
clothing line you guys I'm sure you seen
it many times I've been wearing cookies
I'm about to gear up right here hell
yeah
all right just left the cookie store and
big burn uncle burn hooked it up man
thanks Eric thanks for bringing me out
here yeah burner thank you so much I'm
gonna be wrapping the fresh cookie
clothing and I got you send me more to
my house yeah send you a care package we
got to make sure we keep our buddy
Vitaly dipped in the latest cookies and
cookie I'm Villa and clothing collab
coming soon and also got my board Curt
my boy Kirk just had his birthday so I
got to send him some love so Kirk you
got some clothes coming your way so Eric
is taking us to this beautiful twinspeak
right here where you can see the whole
San Francisco it's the highest point in
San Francisco
yes it is it's very cold and windy and
fog near oh nice
so we have arrived yeah what do you
think about this it's so sick I love the
city look at this you can't always can
you see the Golden Gate Bridge
yeah that's right there do you think
this is better than the view of Runyon
Canyon
Runyon you get the buildings look at way
farther away yeah you don't have
smell-o-vision anyway okay so we're
doing another shot for the intro and
these are the famous pool house houses
even though I never seen it but if you
live in America you've probably seen
these houses before in the pool house
show so I brought my lunch box for the
shot too and I'm gonna eat my bar but
yeah this is a pretty awesome beautiful
day out here in San Francisco I gave a
trolley Dyneema hopefully people will
get this trailer people just sit here
all day and stare this house is is that
what this is like gonna change what do
they waited there waiting for the
earthquake or what like they were are
they still waiting for the crew they
think they're filming again yeah guys
are these houses just like Kim
Kardashian they just stand and become
famous for doing nothing just there on
TV will be
Kim Kardashian does a lot oh yeah - Kim
Kardashian the kid though excuse me lady
I want to shoot an intro like for the
full house thing would you mind if I sit
in the corner of your thing and buy my
Apple home video for full aneema thank
you you guys are awesome house you
already know we gotta do a Starbucks
sesh oh yeah baby this guy I need to
talk to you about your fucking problem
yeah been drinking a lot of coffee but
it's pretty good then I've been feeling
pretty good I drink a lot of a lot of
coffee yesterday too but hey helps them
get through the diet whatever else and I
was probably not the healthiest but I
got to do what I got to do
damn it's so nice and windy crazy city
alright guys so we heading through to
Chinatown right here we're probably not
gonna get out but this is it
it's pretty cool I expected like fish on
the streets and just people cooking and
people fighting being loud it's pretty
pretty pretty awesome a nice yard as a
bank of American Chinese what is a
kingpin from America was that racist now
racism and not race but this is pretty
cool
and we're also gonna use this shot as
that you can saw in the intro welcome to
our massage welcome you guys you guys
happy ending massage this knowing if
your hand is no happy endings I'm
pleased I want a happy ending
it's a good yeah guys imagine bombing
this illness keyboard holy crap this is
steep it doesn't look steep at all on
camera but damn I love this hill last
time I was in San Francisco was in 2010
when I used to be a skateboarder I used
to come and bomb these hills and it's
pretty awesome I used to go to these all
those famous spots like Wallenberg and
all those crazy spots now where what
Columbus we're on Broadway right when
Columbus nice a lot of strip club guys a
lot of strip clubs
so what we're headed to now the famous
we're gonna go to Lombard the crooked
Street we're gonna go to Kirk history
it's not there's not gonna be a lot of
straight people no it's crooked
check out this street look at these
people driving down it it goes like this
and zigzag all right and now what is
that Tonka trucks Alcatraz yeah all
right and that's Alcatraz right there
that's to jail used to be jail all right
guys so we're going down the street look
how cool we are
a
okay you drop something right there
how can you live here that's that famous
pointed building how can you live here
and have people drive by every single
day did this so we got a big fan yeah
where you guys from from Iran cool it
stormy rod today yes BAM baby let's do
it there we go we're on the bridge hey
wait I can basically stand on the
railing right yeah and I fall right
there's nothing there right Oh fall she
could fall here that's where they
haven't fenced off
and they go
look at this beautiful bridge
check out this few guys we're on top of
San Francisco
hey dude imagine is a zip line from here
to there
would you do it if you did not build it
no I would build it no yeah you would do
it professional one maybe is there
skydiving over San Francisco no Napa you
can scout that no nice oh look at this
this is where they filmed somewhere
around here the Terminator Genisys then
you know it was pretty crazy how did
they make the bridge always like explode
or does the movie San Andreas it's all
the CGI but it's so crazy how they do it
San Andreas where they flipped the whole
San Francisco upside down there used to
be a yeah it was a San Francisco rush
alright I gave him the arcade he's a
good girl that was crazy game too by the
way for the some people that don't know
people used to commit suicide off that
bridge it's high enough to kill you
every person that jump died except one
he got paralyzed they still do even they
have defense they still do it I mean
they build oh yeah but you can go around
the fence I was gonna do something for
the vlog but I don't know it's a felony
but what if I climb it and stand on it
and like like go like this over the
water I mean what if I go into watching
he'll call the cops right away with take
me to jail they have surveillance yeah
probably surveillance you thought the
other view was good check out this one
that's very sick I have an epic day
today very productive yeah yeah
we're doing a lot you don't get that
close so there's some people that go on
top of that and actually take the
picture with the GoPro with their feet
hanging up that's my life go to do that
there's a stairs probably go off and
it's beautiful a big barge coming yep
life is all about experiencing things
traveling to be better traveled while
you're young all right guys so this area
is closed and I'm such a badass that I'm
gonna go check this out look at this oh
yeah so that was so cool I just broke
the first rule in San Francisco broke
the first rule yo you should break a
rule let's go to another place where
this should go and stand on that bridge
on the on the fence down there I'm gonna
stand on a bridge yeah you're gonna
break the rule this vlog we're turning
into breaking rules of San Francisco
yeah but what's important sitting on the
edge risk your life so my mom watches my
snapchat and she just texted me if I'm
okay after that cool it fall stunt so
she thinks something happened to me see
what I mean parents so paranoid of their
little kids yo check this out guys this
lady is crazy well there's a trail
hey you're a pimp one you're gonna
picture a couple nice
yeah Bing photographer yeah one yeah
beautiful wonderful Nima you're great
oh it's fellow Roy guys as the sink I
was gonna SiC picture are you guys
getting married
that you're proposing to us no yes okay
yeah we came out good job dude look how
fast the fog came we're literally in the
fog this is not rain right now this is
wet fog yeah look how the weather change
we're under the fog now we're through in
a plow we're in the cloud it's beautiful
out here okay so we just got to Pier 39
and it's super windy I don't know how is
it good to hear me but they're about to
have a famous cloud the clam chowder
Bowl what was bread while I brought my
cooler and went searching for the
microwave microwave round two we got to
go and find a micro excuse me do you
know where the nearest microwave is you
tell me Russia yeah you know I'm looking
for the microwave you know where
microwave is I don't know what we're
gonna find one I know that
well that was weird Wow Wow
I think neva POPVOX better than those at
the jail right there yeah you're gonna
microwave my food
you are great no Xplode everybody thinks
it's a bomb but the airport yeah look
just make sure this is all my data test
to make sure you don't drop a tomato or
anything on the ground why - one tomato
I'm gonna be extra hour hungry good
thank you the bus she's nice enough to
bring me a microwave yeah mission
accomplished
microwave round two Hayley I'm buzzing
over dinner
mission accomplished so I'm having a
free-range turkey tenderloin boo-boos a
me glaze warm mushroom asparagus salad
yeah are you serious right now what is
that San Francisco Fisherman's Wharf
clam chowder fresh ah guys damn so good
that looks great would you like a bite
okay guys I got my dessert and almond
butter little cub yeah I'm getting a
carrot cake are you serious I want her
gone d4 was because she's been sitting
there running her fucking mouth why
don't you guys have sex and make up all
right so I got soy sauce all my pans and
what's the better way to change
you like it
I've been squatting guys every day for
the past five weeks on this burger we're
gonna miss you I'm gonna miss you more
baby thanks for showing me Eric huge
shout out to Eric Barbara for giving us
a tour with NEMA no problem
thank you yeah thank you let me do this
my pleasure glad you guys are next time
guys you come to San Francisco you look
for this guy
you look familiar you ride all night
vitaliy I'm proud of you for sticking
with your 60 day challenge of a diet oh
yeah this guy not normally on things
yeah not one single thing like we
normally would drink and get crazy and
wild no drinking no eating outside of
what he's supposed to eat I'm very
impressed with them I'm very proud of
them and I'm very inspired to do this
myself as well
healthy lifestyles the best days but he
did ask to smell all of our food every
time oh my god that is actually a really
good point yeah I don't know what's been
happening my like some people say no you
should chew and just spit it out I have
never done that but smelling is
something about the smell it's like I
just tasted it okay some people have a
foot fetish she has a food fetish
all right guys good bye why that's
always laughs ever
wow you look like a great and you look
like a hairy great very sad bye nerd
glasses love you another super smart
supposed to get on the plane at 8:50
p.m. and now it's about midnight the
flight got delayed I don't know why they
said it was the weather I don't know
what so it's about midnight my workout
is that's seven in the morning tomorrow
and I'm tired as hell I'm ready to go
home and crash I was a kid again so it's
the next day I completely passed out
when I got home I can't believe my
flight was delayed two and a half hours
it was crazy so anyways got home last
night passed out I barely got up for the
workout today but I did it I'm here
right now I'm gonna take a nap on my go
shoot the prank later today I'm not sure
what's going on but yeah guys thank you
so much for sticking around and I'll see
you guys tomorrow don't forget to give
this video a little ro look Sudan yeah
shit more than anybody right you can't
win it you're gonna let me shoot it but
it's nice my wallet next time tomorrow
morning wallet for in San Francisco
