yo what's up so you you invited me about
two or three days ago to San Francisco
and I'm sitting here and I edited my new
prank and I'm like you know what why
don't I fly out for a day and a half
yeah and I think it's just rubber bag
head straight to the airport I'm gonna
pick you up in London two hours less
than two hours yeah yeah something
pretty crazy because Bobby's DJing
tonight Bobby pumas deej 89 temperatures
go so we're going to come here from Los
Gatos drive to LA San Francisco have a
crazy night in San Francisco and then
tomorrow we'll go on an adventure
well what's up villains that's the way
to start my morning I'm on my way to San
Francisco let's do this
yeah villain this is how I decided to
start my morning so I just packed
waiting for my uber and I'm on my way to
the airport
my name is you mom thank you have fun I
will see you guys tomorrow night bye
Brandon yeah peace out bro
thank you see you tomorrow love you baby
back Shak back check
they're using the ice bag to run it
through a machine that's awesome cool
I'm free
thank you hey I've never seen that this
can be a bomb that's crazy
or whatever they test it for all right
here we go on the way to San Jose and
then we're gonna take a mini trip to San
Francisco I'm actually gonna spend the
night in San Francisco I can't wait to
go out tonight with Bobby
wow that was quick two hours ago wasn't
a stun with you here you are let's do
this what's up baby how are you let's do
this
okay so NEMA pick me up right now we're
headed to Bobby's house and look at this
Wow
I just got to Bobby's house I know this
is singer castle or what uh he has a lot
of land up here so it's pretty cool
we're not that's what the advantages of
living not in LA is that you have so
much
acres and land and look at this this is
his driveway yeah we call this place of
the compound because we have a lot of
different games and fun stuff to do out
here we look from everything so it's
good for vlogging excellent for vlogging
so this is just a guest house right
there yeah all right now I arrive to the
oh my god this is look how much land he
has this is the best this is the house
this is the guest house this is the
guest house ah nice nice look what that
is look it's the wolf it's the wolf you
didn't know you were coming that picks
up all the girls this is the guy that
will all do with phone numbers anyone
what's up dude say hi to the villains
bro villains hey you ready to go out
ready the first night in Dubai with this
guy was an excellent eyes doesn't yeah
no and I was coming that's how you guys
you should pick and be drooling right
now stop man give me a hug come on yes I
cannot believe I came last second that
was great as I'm super excited about
tonight yeah it should be fun look at
this guy I can't even see you're blurry
bro so you DJing tonight huh and I
didn't know you got your own set over
here yeah you got to teach me I want to
be the next garrix I look like him huh
so got your twerk remember where'd you
learn how to believe
in jail in Key West we're going to
definitely challenge it's awesome well
that's a very spontaneous trip I call
this an emergency flight
bring it up to me
ha ha
drinkin Co check out what Bobby got you
got what the cup what kind of gun is
this ar-15 oh and I got a knight there's
a night-vision scope is so sick you can
see everything in that it's crazy y'all
get this I think it's totally know to
regrow now I'm you don't even just do
shit more house than anybody right now
they're doing it so you can point it
you're going to let me shoot it but it's
nighttime while the spring next time
tomorrow morning Ã³lafur in San
Francisco so I'm here my garage I check
out the first ride we got a nice little
ghost we've got a gulf card
we got what Ferrari and then what's that
that's back Mustang my she just got toys
all over the place
yeah but pride and joy and the gold
digger car right here you got huh good
golf car yeah what kind of gold card is
that can you flip this alright time to
go I know we're going but we're going
somewhere whoo this big city gets up
dude Oh electric dog show off too much I
don't want to fall off the cliff
yeah you can't go right so there's a
bridge up here Oh cross you go it's like
the other side legend has it that you
know but this go-kart is fast
this reminds me of subdue by weird Ennis
and oh yeah I'm in the backseat welcome
boss yeah oh hey Tom cute like it big
where we at
we're in Los Gatos California so we're
in the Bay Area close to San Francisco
San Jose it's a good time
hell yeah I'll get their bikes now you
guys you got a dirt bike hey you got it
giggling guys yeah he's got a tractor
what else do you want Nima your drone is
amazing you're pro Wow
I got high echoes why is it not working
you used to go higher you know way up to
the sky singing so good this thing is
Wow Edie you got some competition with
the Jones oh not see ya bro we had a
little bit of crashes I'm gonna throw it
okay let's see if that works ready one
two yeah whoops yeah what are you doing
you're gonna you're gonna play the first
track so it's gonna be close for you all
you're gonna really have to do is bring
this level up okay so so here's what
here's what here this is going to look
like this yeah a week ago I wanted to be
a DJ and I'm a DJ my dream came true
fast so look here's what it's gonna feel
like
we hear all this goofy music
I'm there I'm like
reverse roll out of them basically
I won't do it there but it'll sound
something similar to the woman's face
away
all the way over
eh
the flavoring
okay so we got an awesome fan here
that's a Neumann snapchat and you want
to read it out loud for them yeah this
is a Yuma Atwood sent this to my
snapchat it says 'but Ellie you are a
freaking amazing man i watch your vlog
every single day and i'm 15 years old
every day people bullying me at school
no matter what happens but every single
day I come home and watch your vlog it
makes my day happy I couldn't
it couldn't grateful that your vlog make
my life man thank you I was so glad to
be a villain on YouTube
love you Vitaly oh the bullies they just
want to be like you their jealousy their
haters so ignore them yeah just ignore
and thanks for watching vlogs broski
Sonia and I just got to the W Hotel San
Francisco wooo San friends I feel like
we're traveling again I know I'm sure
yeah so basically I brought my cooler
here we're supposed to go to dinner and
then over microwave here so the ladies
like just dial zero and then we'll bring
a microwave for you here so I'm about to
get some microwave hot sauce and you ten
slices as for microwave Tabasco and fork
in the knife please yes we have a
microwave to our room please Tabasco and
Tabasco and also like a fork and knife
uh microwave hello hell yeah thanks this
yeah right here sir nice thank you so
much you can set it right here awesome
boss thank you so much alright guys
stuck out my tilapia here I'm about to
eat with some vegetables and I got my
microwave awesome
alright guys just got back to the hotel
with NEMA I had a super sober night they
went to the best Italian dinner ever
and what did I do no you didn't eat it
was so weird
nothing nothing I drank a coffee and ya
all know I was drinking water so now I'm
back at the hotel we're getting ready
for another epic day tomorrow so please
come back I love you guys thank you for
all the positive comments don't forget
to give this video a big thumbs up so
much fun hanging out dude right here
love you and don't forget to subscribe
and that's the Dania the Soudan you guys
see tomorrow for an epic vlog excuse me
yes he's doesn't wanna give me the
package yes
I need my package hey what do you wanna
go to jail you want to go to jail
