what's up villains how are you I'm here
with Christian hello you know Brandon so
right now I almost went to jail by LAPD
right can you tell them what happened
Christian we were doing the prank trying
to make the switch in cops intervened
almost took him yeah but I wasn't scared
now he was definitely brave in situation
I told my partner that was on top of the
roof to fire a shot you will find out in
the prank mm-hmm ugh jumping so anyways
we're gonna shoot couple more reactions
and then we're gonna go on with your day
excuse me yes he's doesn't want to give
me the package yes
I need my package hey you wanna go to
jail you want to go to jail skating
through Wilshire to collector's office
I'm gonna stop at the bank deposit some
money which is a good thing usually when
you give money away it sucks like for
text returns to the government but when
you deposit money feels pretty good and
then I'm gonna have to collect this
office and yeah review the movie the
final edit yo make sure huh I thought
they would be Chelsea here in to Chelsea
thought how select elite you she's fired
Chelsea's failure you're fired Chelsea
so got home up to the meeting editing
this vlog as you can see I almost get
arrested in my new hitman prank you will
find out actually on Tuesday I'm
uploading I'm sorry guys that I couldn't
make it to your Monday this prank will
be up on Tuesday and while I'm editing
sprang look what my mom is good what are
you doing
this is your new style of mopping the
house so freaking tired so yes you stop
guys nice so I just showed you the sneak
peek of my new prank which I really like
I've been watching like result in my
awesome one part I was like the mouse
open them just without it so yeah I was
shocked a little bit I'm like what yeah
guys you guys are gonna like this one
this is very edgy and risky and I'm glad
bringing you stuff awesome quality
concept I always bring quality content
hey I'm happy to get and travel this
side oh thanks oh you Russians monsters
like when you do the gym I have know
almost 9 million subscribers and I can
hit a jackpot with every video so but I
feel like I'll bring always quality
because it comes from my heart but if
you some of you guys don't think so or
well next video will be a jackpot for
you from me every video of mine it's a
check but but anyways editing your
pranks super excited you guys should be
too
you recognize that voice look whose
birth it is happy birthday
a thank you happy birthday getting on
yeah so you sweet 16
I win hi younger you are younger you
damn forgot to bring a cane wait you
know it's a joke you're 28 it's like you
know why I say that you know bubbly no I
say anyways we got some friends over
here you know why I say that joke
because people like grows it like all
the 28 I'm old so that's where you know
you're not that's why I said it yeah you
and you you and you compose sets you
just confirmed know you young girl in
two years you'll be a mil keep saying it
we'll keep saying are they bubbly
champagne you know when you're so much
yeah I'm not drinking as you guys know
so I'm gonna cheers with the wall camera
happy birthday
be against the every war we've three
more weeks baby
fine
Mandy literature buddy
my second time playing foot come here
we're in the same shirt pretty this
almost the same outfit
Wow I did not know how to play flip cup
I can't just get it first try the new
beers up deck - yeah you're right
logging drop don't worry girl hey all
right
shout out to actually alright guys so
it's 10:30 at night and I'm heading home
because I gotta wake up for early
workouts so yeah I had to leave the
party it was fun and yeah I played the
flip cop with water so it was my first
time playing flip second time playing
flip club and I flipped it the first
time so I thought everybody's gonna be
playing at once but it was one by one so
if I didn't get the cup flipped I would
have held the whole team up so I can't
believe I did it first try anyways yeah
it's good to go home and just go to bed
I gotta I've been liking this lifestyle
to be honest in skating it's not just
physically it's also mentally changing
me so for the better so I like it feels
good get productive get more stuff done
tomorrow I think I'm going in about a
couple days surfing with Ed so that
should be a fun vlog surfing I never
tried surfing I tried once I suck at it
so we'll see
so it's the next day just killed my
workout and I hope you guys enjoy the
sneak peek of the Russian hit men in the
slog thank you for coming back and
before I end this log
do you remember I said I'm going to do a
giveaway so giveaway I'm going to give
you an Italian a pair of villain glasses
and the Vitali World Cup 2014 shirt so
t-shirt and a pair of glasses all you
have to do it is comment on my recent
Instagram picture and like it you have
to like the picture and comment below
why you want these things so yeah if
your true villain go ahead and do that
thank you guys and actually also
tomorrow the Russian hitman prank is
coming out so yeah thank you guys so
much for all the great motivation you've
been giving me and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
let's see dynamite everybody come on
it's okay I brought you four damn door
