what up villains welcome to another vlog
today I'm painting that's right the
damaging community service hours buzz
approach you guys at 150 hours I think
I'm I have 120 hours now done not stop
to go but today I'm going to be painting
usually a sleep a big trash house change
garbage bags blah blah blah but today
we're painting that's right so that
means for AIDS for 8 hours I'm going to
be painting I wake up every day at 7 in
the 5 in the morning do my cardio eat
and then go from 7 o'clock to 3:30 to
pain
hopefully I'll finish before March 8
which is my birthday my mom's is March 7
what a birthday present I was
that's right graffiti removal today
that's exactly what I'm
it
what I'm going to be doing today guys so
please don't tag if you're in LA and if
you do tax all mister bag away would you
come later there a lot of you guys
wondering how do I eat well usual meal
prep that's right at home eight ounces
of chicken wood broccoli today is my
second meal already have two snacks
I had a virgin shake and a protein bar
and are at this a couple hours later
when a four ounces of chicken a little
vegetables head to the gym and I have my
dear house got home and look here look
oh this is so nice so that's the couch
we order it I got a hang the pictures
this is my new apartment I don't want to
show you guys I'm saving so much money
right now so much so I could letting it
all this space not the cute comfortable
one smells so nice yeah need to hang
this picture I like love that picture
and you guys are using my bedroom I
still get a hug I put this in the
storage this is my bedroom
wow thanks mom I've to show you guys
this one more time thanks mom this is so
cozy I just need to hang the pictures
and my little million subscriber words
thanks so she's taking up skin because
skin got all of these key tumors and
what I want to put them to waste Russian
style so he's going to write out I was
good somebody have a can of tuna
pure protein mix it with two whole eggs
and I put a little bit of cucumber no
sold my cocoon boku-kun this fucking
dick anyway um so yeah I'm gonna do that
because I'm going to do legs I'm going
to go do heavy legs and before heavy
legs you need a lot of protein and the
stuff to burn so super excited did you
like them actually some people hate to
the leg now I get addicted
I love likes because if you look like it
grows everything else so yeah let's go
look at this so beautiful I mean that
guys usually hate
you don't know where Washington
leg boom I love it
all right so I'm walking down Hollywood
Boulevard and then I see this awesome
guy what's up bro where you from
what's that mom for me Dylan my name is
Timmy yo first of all I love your accent
and I let you
I legit I'll let you hit that's pretty
awesome he loves how'd you like it some
good Kush on okay it's a nice pretty
good sweet picture take a pup by anyways
tell me about your channel so you pick
up two videos you prank yeah what do you
have and if I want to be CP everyone
crank is the even leave the Israeli
version and the English wasn't and all
what's the channel name I wanna be one
of these these what I do is throw it out
okay a w a and n m a B ie people are one
of this do you're gonna be school well
check it out going with your even look
I'm gonna get home and see everything
looks nice meeting your element of fun
oh my god safety number one priority
play the action is not as heavy anymore
nice what are we doing today why don't
you tell them what we're doing here I
mean I see it so often em are you and
who do I have to do it but Vitaly nice
and we got a beautiful fiance of Torahs
hi - hello
and we got the camera right here we're
swimming for crazy Russian hacker you
guys going to see that what do you think
it upload the video like die today
dude I alright guys so if you watching
this vlog right now click the link on
top of description I was going to take
you to the video that we did with - Russ
what's up good wait that states another
ocean how do you say it what's up
everybody welcome back to Noah with the
yes yeah good yes yes you would ah with
OBS yeah previous here she would ya know
peach peach liqueur Toria what was what
it was the SATs normal free are you mom
she were gonna let yourself watch me
we're going to just you world
mr. Potts mature man I forgot understate
is where you find me I let people
talking to comments on term at once but
again you look good baby a skin we're
gonna skin oh yeah sure do I ask you
previous
knowing pre SEM tasty chicken box
obviously it was the sem book we did I
think like will do copy not happening oh
you know what's funny I stayed in
English and we tried to say okay we just
want you stay on English girl what's up
everybody welcome back to miss Ellie's
house not my laboratory
pinky stealing a bumper yes ha let's not
translate into some in Russian pretty
STM please let's let you know what kind
of Russians are we build
Tim ah welcome man how did save up the
blowjob was always not syllabus or on
yeah sure so they look wonderful run it
again go ahead via skim the broker God's
number ability to get through the
previous year double pajamas natural
about to a year be the particle people
many so are some states in the last year
over there yeah okay cool so we're we're
doing today I got this Russian military
Marie this is been used 2017-2018 okay
oh oh yes this is I want to build
another awesome guys because he knows
what else but this is Rho VL you see how
does it go it's just it's just simple
Abedini what still heavy ever hit the
ice melted cheese oh my god is the best
what
gosh Karuna gotta feed me this is
potatoes with goulash well I don't know
what goulash is I don't know anything on
my mama's secret affair afternoon she
would probably know how question I want
you I don't know but from delicious
goodness
so I potatoes with me good luck man I
love it so they might dog your childhood
doesn't it yes it does give you the lies
I get the shitty parsnip I mean I had a
diner before yeah but how long do this
how long do they say this we can say
like stay here it's only a yogurt
without frigerator yeah because it still
can stew it Sultan this is a gem where's
your own prayer ah ha ha ela mmm funny
lost you have to put this on a Calaca
rock wash his Apple yeah yeah Blanca who
smells amazing
mmm this is a reminds me of my childhood
this is amazing what the crowd Wow
you know what I realize my favorite out
of this whole thing we've been eating
this Russian food I'll tell you one
thing reminding our childhood once again
and it's delicious what was your
favorite thing all right we're gonna
keep seeing yourself the jam by India
the boys dear
ah yeah I get hands down no but what
about this you can't do oh yeah you cost
how much school my the gym was delicious
a cracker though everything was
delicious what I really loved the to
Sean come man I love to Shankara but I
never tried that before
look how much fun that it that's not my
favorite it's disgusting kinda here
let's do it again this is Tommy oh
struggle bro that was a killer video the
Russian food was really good thanks ah
guys if you want me to trust to do a
prank together with his heavy Russian
accent imagine two Russian hitmen oh
there's a very slender by rushing
rushing I'm gonna come back to America I
think he called me he thinks he keeps
these he's in a comeback like beginning
of April yeah yeah because he has
something crazy
I know something that yeah so I'm gonna
totally meet you to call you and then
you guys speak and figure it out yeah
I'm gonna tell you one thing that was
awesome Russian food mom if you're
watching this I know but I still didn't
cheat that's a couple bites I spit it
out but uh yeah Russian army in Russia
it's mandatory to go to an army when you
turn 18 years old so yes people who are
looking for me yes people came to my
grandma's house yes people want me in
Russian army that's why my mom was
scared for me to go back to Russia in
2015 but nothing happened
thank you I have till 27 and I'm 24 now
it's difficult to rush them I have a
chance but yellow vlogging from Russian
army
anyways let's talking about Russian army
because I'm not going to an army I got
gym twice a day
sorry army my villain had giveaways you
guys think this is a game the Tally's
vlogging with dollars you guys think
this is a game I wish it was but it
isn't I'm going to give two hats away
right now we're going to pick a winner
on my previous vlog where I give you
guys a question of the day what makes
you a villain let's find out because I
read them all
let's Cena once again if you don't win
the villain hat don't worry
do not worry and I love how you guys
related to my XM xx from the last vlog
over history well I took it off for you
guys ROM so let's see let's see let's
see let's see already a random comment
first comment let's go 3 2 1 go Vonda
limb for life
Oh
we got a winner Abdul Aziz let's head
over town I live in downtown Toronto
tell me I got your back
well night you really have my back for
that Rolex homie you sir just want to
build a head alright our next winner is
ah and it is oh bam bam bam lap yeah
what makes you feelin while watching
crazy life you'll start love your body
you have won all right guys this vlog
came to an end thank you so much for
watching please give this vlog a big
thumbs up if you made it to an end all
of your support lately on the vlog it's
going to motivate me to keep doing them
without skipping so please give it a big
thumbs up and question of the day today
is have you ever been arrested and if
yes whoa for I want to read your stories
thank you so much for watching I love
you this lasagna you prank on the way
