yes strong security and you can't
approach her on the street
okay so I'm a Russian reporter and then
I have to do something why shouldn't it
she would take a picture she would take
a picture with a fan I don't understand
she would take a picture
good morning villains what's up I'm here
with Christian and Brandon and we having
a crazy morning I've been having a crazy
morning I had to pay more taxes for last
year which is great news yeah
and I just had a meeting with Croatia
I'm definitely going to Croatia at the
end of November and then in the
beginning of November I might be going
to Dubai so a lot of things are
happening worked out this morning killed
my workout now we're actually going to
film Russian hitman and my day's been
are so productive since I've been waking
up at 7 a.m. it's just crazy how much
stuff you can get done if you wake up at
7 a.m. before before I used to wake up
at 2 3 p.m. that's like half the days of
waste and you wake up depressed and all
that's waking up trying to wake up in
the morning it's like 7 8 a.m. it's the
best feeling ever and even if you have
to do nothing if you have nothing to do
just still wake up just trust me it's
good so anyways we're heading to
downtown to film the spring
this is our fifth attempt we got some
good reactions before I'm sure we're
gonna knock this one out today it's time
to edit it and upload it for you guys so
let's do another dangerous Russian hit
that break this is a true support right
here Christian actually bought a villain
ad instead of asking me like all my
other friends that can you send me one
which I'll probably to some people I
will say no I'm not gonna first of all I
don't have any hats it's the company
that sends it out but Christian but I
had thank you dude
oh you deserve it you deserve a free hat
for all the work you've been done but
thank you I've really appreciate that
awesome you can actually rock your rock
oh yeah
what do you guys think so far we can
accomplish this mission getting
accomplished for sure
transaction has been failing so far
really big failing really big but not
today the transactions high the
transactions I'm keep getting the wrong
people but I will come across one
hopefully all right time for a lunch
break right now a steak salad right now
nice healthy lean steak salad Brendan
didn't want to get anything cause we got
put at home Christian's inside I'm gonna
drink a coffee that's my third coffee of
the day with a shot of espresso in it
and we're here I just bring some dude at
that bus stop it was awesome we're gonna
keep moving but basically what we're
doing is we're driving from bust up to
bust up to find our suspects or who
targets our target victims and we're
just yeah driving and scene and it's so
hard to find a person with a backpack
down
that's what we've been doing and
hopefully we're gonna get this video
down today so I can get some and
all right guys have very bad news the
microphone broke and we needed like
probably two or three more reactions
right small handful left it's not there
yet
microphones broke Russian hitman is very
upset Dimitri has to go back to Russia
probably till tomorrow but you have new
audio this is completely completely
sucks so Dimitri flew back and now I'm
here and I think this is my first time
being a collective's office and not
touching any junk here there's Mattel
over there this cereal I'm only making
my coffee that's like fourth coffee of
the day and we're just still testing the
camera and I don't know what's going on
and this mic sucks so I need my coffee
yes I so chillin at the office of the
crew fuckin meeting stuck in money
no we're talking meetings I'm talking
some creative ideas yeah tomorrow we're
gonna finish actually my wire broke so
we got a new wire here right here for
the mic is it's wood tape on it so it's
not in you and they're gonna work and
we're talking about the release of the
Vitaly bachelor show did you see a crowd
of that yeah yeah
Wow but you queued anywhere he's not
he's not he's your honor
you wanna be alone in the room I'm sorry
about this I'm sorry Johnson just
respect your office like that but I had
to do actually like I'm sorry
Wow but I back to the conversation I
just got home what's up and my mom wants
to show me a surprise what is your show
oh you guys notice any difference in the
office I know we're gonna clean that up
and stuff yeah oh yeah check this out
she hung that that that's where the
second channel I'm actually getting my
million subscribers for the second
channel it's on its way right now it
takes about usually eight to ten weeks I
don't know why take so long and probably
to make it so check this this is the
best part boss look what has she made it
lit as she put the shoes and that's the
ticket and is that that rest oops and
that's that resting paper inside the
shoes yes Wow nice so this is officially
my office it looks freaking awesome but
anyways also some news that I'm headed
to the gym just got home second time at
the gym just ate an apple with a little
bit of almond butter a lot of times your
girlfriend enough time to do some back
and biceps get home and start editing a
new prank for you oh I can't believe it
my ex Brooke it's probably all her fault
she thought you all right no I'm just
kidding
what did you do today except the hanging
and stuffing any month so uh are you
excited after Dubai we're going to
Croatia it's gonna be gonna be gone for
a while
here around the area somebody can
suggest someone good one who loves a dog
who can take care of it it was the crate
yeah right damn taking care of the dog
different I mean why'd we pay for it
like whatever you know but yeah I just
some of you guys been asking my diet and
I want to show you something this is not
my diet this is my mom's diet and this
is pretty awesome you guys I totally
recommend doing this I'm definitely
doing this it's only what you're doing
you're making was banana think it helped
you thank you think aches so there's two
banana tree acts and big scoop of ice so
basically that's it nothing else I'm
gonna say it in English so basically
eggs basically eggs three eggs two
bananas and some protein chocolate or
vanilla this is when you taste so good
no sugar no salt no nothing I mean yeah
you shake it and it has to stay like
overnight then it tastes like my sweater
it's just I'm really so that's what I
cannot wait till I get off this diet
because I'm gonna start my own diet my
mom and I are gonna eat very healthy and
we're super excited about that no more
going out to eat every day for lunch
breakfast and dinner only on Fridays and
Saturdays so yeah so I got home from the
gym I've been editing the Hitmen video
and tomorrow we're gonna get two more
reactions we have to get like one or two
more to make the video longer and
tomorrow is also exciting day because
we're gonna go see not see the natural
born pranksters but make final touches I
was like it's easy with it I'm gonna
tell show you the timeline cuz I know
you guys just want movie so no it's easy
anymore but Kong is gonna see this
preview Kong and I have a meeting so
should be fun tomorrow day and finish it
and I think that this the video will be
a Monday the prank video should be up
Monday if not I'll update you guys but
most likely Monday or Tuesday but Monday
for sure Monday so yeah what else
I've been work
everybody's inviting me everywhere to
drink tonight
I'm staying strong and the comments are
awesome you guys are saying that a lot
of a lot of a lot of good things about
us so I really appreciate that I didn't
expect this when I started this channel
so I'm gonna keep going
I'm gonna keep going who wants to I know
you guys can't wait till divide logs I
know that much I can't wait to go to the
button either so yeah so tired I've been
waking up at 7 a.m. every day and it
feels great like I told you that before
so tomorrow I'm thinking about doing a
giveaway I'm pretty excited about that
and yeah but coming today where are you
from I want to know and I'm gonna make a
contest for a giveaway it's gonna be
something simple it's probably gonna be
coming something something I don't know
I'm not sure I haven't decided I will
decide in tomorrow's vlog so don't
forget to come back tomorrow please then
I was shaky I love you guys so much and
please give this vlog a big thumbs up
and why are you creeping bro
