good morning villas sooo another day
thank you for coming back we've got
Brandon ice that's your lunch
Chipotle triple the chicken nice and
check out my lunch right here look at
this they call this I'll tell you what
they called is they call this the lunch
create turkey picnic this is great
literally all cold whatever
Rocky Mountain tally shirt cuz I can
finally fit in one and look great in it
and check out my mom's message for us
keep the kitchen clean bitches mama yeah
mom are you happy today she's happy
that's up how are you are you ok yeah
everybody just been working you know
what since the morning by the way are
you excited so I'm taking my mom to
Dubai you're excited about that
they'll be your vacations the first time
you ever get to travel outside of this
country no matter how did she super
excited to skydiving right she's gonna
go spaz out
yeah no ha she's not gonna go skydiving
you are I'm just gonna push out of the
plan oh my god enjoy I gotta go on the
roller coasters right yeah I was gonna
push her out of the plane oh wow mom I'm
gonna push you out of the plane
hi guys just hopped in my car I'm
actually on the way to meet yuca and
yarn oh and we're supposed to schedule
the spring that was supposed to shoot
actually like three weeks ago but we
kept pushing it back back because it's
gonna take a lot of balls to do this one
so we're at it for the meeting final
meeting touch things up I was definitely
going to finish it this week we're
definitely gonna start shooting it this
week or next week Halloween's coming up
so I'm gonna be focused on my really
really really really really
bomb prank but this one's gonna be
really good 200 here at Beachbody coming
out good can you tell oh oh
long time no see how are you this is
Brendan this is my filmer how are you
bro good working on last night but oh
shit
1 2 3 yup yeah
yeah three go while you were actually
holding oh yeah picked up a little in
this new ballet group called not
cracking dreams and Rooskies dude you
got an ascot send that to me see that
was an awesome photo we tried to do
something different guys and I just said
he's dead up being a pop band we decided
we're gonna become a modern ballerina
group gymnastic ballerina yeah all right
but yeah all right but next week we
decided we're gonna film I'm totally
excited finally I know I told them
earlier it's gonna take it took us like
three weeks weekend we want to put this
episode of you at their full
thirty-minute amp you said oh yeah they
have an episode of me behind so you guys
get to know me
we are hosted before we shoot yeah of
course you got to remind them I got to
send the traffic back and forth they
send me very traffic I'm gonna send them
there hi guys so yeah I'll see you look
who is driving by hey you're the father
Hey
should I get this one what do you think
I think so yeah
I feel like whichever one is the
heaviest yeah if that's the first thing
you're gonna try to do is pick it up I
don't know if I'm over-exaggerating with
the safe thing but I should probably get
one
they're pretty pricey but might be worth
it I don't really have that much
valuable stuff like a camera but yeah I
don't know I just want to safe you know
unless I've let's say if I have a party
I can put my valuable stuff my valid
will stop there I can put my watch there
or whatever whatnot so yeah I don't know
my mama eating here and she saw the
title of the vlog gas leak prank and I'm
trying to explain to her but she does
understand we had a gas leak yesterday
gas leak didn't I tell you last time Oh
at first I guess I was so tired that I
forgot to tell you oh yeah I thought you
watch every vlog that you were the
biggest fan time whenever we have time
really not we had a gas leak yesterday
and I woke up Brandon look at 10 in the
morning he wasn't even in the morning
and I get up at seven what are you
talking about what are you talking about
there was a gas leak do you don't
remember the people coming and fixing
the gas you think I'm go out of my mind
I grabbed the vlog camera a little bit
late but you guys should have seen her
freaked out they all telling me I should
get a haircut yeah wow you want to air
cut so you can get it from my mama y'all
a mom to the chin
oh let's see my mom's getting her
license again to cut here monkey I won't
come transfer from Florida to California
and taller no you don't need to work it
so long you know this is this is family
business we can do this together she's
like no I want to go work so it's all
okay if you're gonna go work at a salon
or actually we can hire we can bring
them here how many of you would get a
haircut by my mom the haircuts will be a
70 buck how much is it
how much is a man's haircut yeah the
phezzan your hair if you have lice 200
plus by anyways yeah let me know in the
comments below if you live in California
and you want to get a haircut from my
mom maybe I'll pick up a maybe I'll pick
a fan for a haircut for free why not
mm-hmm buy one get one free too i buy
yes why are you laughing I don't know no
anyways headed to the gym you guys
literally literally killed with the hats
if you guys would still want to get your
head the link is in the description
below but we sold so many it just it's
insane the support you guys have been
showing so thank you I know it's mean
sir thank you dogs I heard I read a
comment somebody found it funny that
little boy that little dog fainted the
upset that people see their ugly dog
they're ugly probably gonna be ugly
since you're cute dogs they should look
at themselves nobody it is looking like
a rat what do you reckon it look at this
cute face I'm cuter than me for sure mom
you want a banana take a banana no
Brandon what's the banana
yes what our breakfast okay
don't do that I would never do that
they're gonna probably say they're so
mean to Brendan but ready to look like
you wanted a Veneto if you want on the
knees
I bet you're gonna catch with your mouth
this is my shout out from with the
banana it's all I needed
what's wrong yai yai by I told him you
can eat it he's right you didn't open
anyone yeah he walked it's mushy from
the thing beautiful why you something
when we can't blog it damn you guys like
paradigm holy crab I don't say something
love
she they're gonna come here I know
y'all ready the one the other four don't
see it do yes you gonna go why don't we
open it so bad each eye Vishal Sefolosha
boner squad dude do you remember that
effect
don't touch it she's so mad about your
bananas yeah
please why are you mad about your
bananas why why are you mad about your
bananas what oh don't touch my bananas
okay I'll put it back please Jeff you
don't you know
tamela's disgusting Oh Charlie wants to
see I could remember Charlie with a head
above yeah big nasty water have dildos
I just feel it all right guys Oh bananas
aside we're gonna head to Adam's house
in Cameron yeah I hate driving up there
have a nice house but it's up the hills
it's at night you want to go with us for
what we're just going to chill des we
have to talk business business
you can go proceed two girls in one
hammer buy anyway oh this is getting out
of control
I've but we're out I love you mom mm-hmm
what could I love you Oh
oh wow you're trying to show how you
decorated this room this actually looks
pretty pretty nice damn this is awesome
dude stop walking with your hammer yeah
just in case if you guys want to know
what I did after kitchen fight with my
mom I came here to the Adams house the
Camerons house and this beautiful house
with this awesome view did you see the
comments last time what they said about
your place guys they said it was awesome
it was awesome what the hell did these
kids do for a living who are they you
guys are the best you guys want to know
you're gonna find out later this is
their business man's this I came her
actually for a business meeting he's a
creative director he's a businessman
who's an app developer so I came here to
get my nightly dose of knowledge before
I go to bed all right guys thank you so
much for watching today's vlog it was a
really fun fighting with my mom having
fun and yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow
what I'll see you guys tomorrow thank
you for coming back and trying all these
awesome support in the comments and all
this motivation once again stay strong
make sure you guys go do something go
exercise do something because I'm
feeling better than ever after I quit
drinking we'll see for how long because
it feels really good but anyways I got a
call from Kirk yesterday looks like I
might be going
to buy sooner than I thought so I'm
pretty excited which I'm going to work
hard and lay out a lot of pranks so I
could go on vacation but it wouldn't be
a really vacation because I'm still
going to be vlogging for you guys every
day so and not like last time when I
went to Dubai blog maybe five times in
one month I'm actually gonna vlog there
everyday so thank you once again and
I'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
to give this log a big thumbs up let's
see that let me see it both both both
see she's crazy she's not
