what's up villains how are you hopefully
you guys having a great day fabulous
because I'm having a great day
Brendon and I actually are on the way to
my 30 day picture session to the program
and they can take to any big pictures
and look at the professional studio
they're gonna make me take my shirt off
do all those sides profile shots so I'm
super excited everybody's telling me I'm
getting some really really really
amazing results and I'm super motivated
by that so I'm heading that right now
and yeah what are we doing today today I
think I have to have a meeting with Yuka
to plan our prank because he would never
did it because he went to Finland so I'm
gonna do that and I don't know if I
should share this 30-day bit like I was
wearing a tank top as you can see before
I don't know if I want to vlog in the
tank top I feel like it should be just a
60 day surprise I shouldn't just do it
on like a date or you can show you I'm
not gonna show you probably my pictures
right now I'm not sure I'm still
undecided on what I'm gonna do I'm
probably just gonna I have an idea what
I might do when I take off my
sheriff attorney pictures while Brenda's
gonna help you blog just got to
Beachbody and my favorite part is these
literally shakes these awesome shakes
and about my underwear here just in case
doesn't ask me to change I'm
free-balling right now but are you ready
to shake I am making on Monday I baby
are you ready for your shake Rena
yep
Jamie
thank you drop to face
thanks man
that's good Hey yeah so I just got to
Beachbody on this love right what's your
motor nutshell
lovely the girls that do my hair and
makeup right it's like it's not kind of
ugly any makeup Bobby she admitted it
I'm gonna be on the cover up with Kim K
so I got to get my glamour girl all
right heading to the studio right now to
take my 30 day picture transformation
and Brendan's gonna help me take over
and blog it and see what's up
so this is the whole Beachbody crew
right here that about to take a picture
me oh my god yeah it's me third date
thirty about me that was like I didn't
take this picture you know that's all
get right to the
shoulders bicep you know labs but not
that all go away and we just adjust for
calories so we won
what's it imply mean you steer into
month to right so we took a look at
everything and went down a little bit so
it's everybody can start cut not doing
more Wow guys I'm looking what do you
think good I think I think you're gonna
be sick after another month man yeah you
want yeah cuz I know people do 90 dishes
in maybe 16 out to transform yeah dude
but this right
yeah just keep picking up those heavier
weights and keep killing oh yes every
day I'm gonna do when we do the squat
thrusts I'm just gonna pick up 30s and
say yeah one nice touch alright guys
what I did yesterday killed me yeah cool
man
okay so get stuff Italian thank you guys
yeah dude looking forward to it so I
just got measured and what's still dad
now of course he lost 20 pounds and two
hundred quarter inches total inches oh
my stomach overall that's overall so we
had to compare apples and apples right
to figure out because you might again
it's just like in arms when I give so
your chest was 41 and a half right now
your chest in roll over 37 and a few
actually came down 4 inches on your
chest which you need that he has man's
lips too
yeah just like I said so that's a good
yeah yeah uh you wait until it was 38
the quarter 1937 and a half came down
and and she came out three quarters an
inch off your waist good your hips do
some curbs your legs right 23 and a half
they stayed about the same your arms
when the arms are 14 and a quarter 15
and a half your arms went up to about a
quarter of a cool BJP's
uh walking all right here oh yeah yeah
so it's working friend
oh that's by the way my trainer he's
gonna get a nice present buy them Oh
changing your life already and it's only
been 30 days so thank you Sheila
Thanks I can't go back into drinking
everyday after this double message nice
healthy lifestyle alright guys so I took
my 30-day pictures and Brendan made me
happy by saying he saw some progress
yeah definitely I did I saw some
probably definitely seen some progress
with you would both doing great I see
the comments you guys are growing pretty
crazy like oh you inspired me inspired
me makes us feel so good that we
inspired you to do this
so right now I mean not in my car
obviously I borrowed my mom's car to
pick up Tina I'm sure you guys not her
big titty girl yeah you gotta do this
tight pants anyway ladies and gentlemen
Shai motorboated this time to make up
for last time probably
Brenna's transforming for sure
transformation but waiting to Santa
Monica to ride some bikes and you know
enjoyed the beautiful view
relax Christian and I are planning this
Halloween prank that if I do it's gonna
be complete if I've pulled this prank
off for Halloween is gonna be probably
off the roof because I finally yeah it's
just gonna be crazy we just got to Santa
Monica we picked up our girl here sup so
what do you guys think two months ago
I couldn't do this two years ago I did
it two months ago I couldn't do it I was
sort of shape let's see if I can really
climb the whole thing yeah
okay you gotta climb down you should
like to shoot for the village you got it
dude he's nobody yeah I did
huh yeah does that count cuz I hope yeah
but my legs don't matter you climb to
the top huh your legs you sure yeah I
did it increase I feel like I cheated no
you did it you hung out like did it you
went up the goal is to get up there you
did it yeah but you can't do with your
legs you can only do when you're on Hey
finally check out this awesome sunset
look looks
I always wanted to take you here baby
thanks baby
nah but we're just chilling here and I
actually climbed that I can't believe I
climbed that rope a month ago I couldn't
do it I was so out of shape that tells
you what hard work can do so anyways
back to sunset was awesome
we're gonna try to ride the roller
coaster here but the park is closed to
come by a figure we did because she
didn't want to go no but I was going to
do a topless roller coaster with her but
now we got to come up with something
else
what came with the topless in Santa
Monica tell me what's up huh sigh man me
and my friends have is I was going are
you
I get that I get that a lot really what
happened with sleepy I'm kidding dude
what's up so you asked me if I was
Italian I was just messing around with
them thanks dude this is boy right there
what do you guys from I'm from Phoenix
Arizona cool just got a beacon nice nice
you just called yourself a fat ass hold
on let me see this you just got yourself
a mouth I guess it all goes into your
bud and I guess it all goes into boobs
let me see it both both both see she's
crazy she's not the sugar mama is pain
thanks sugar mama
hey she literally said put it up here
I'll pay for it look at her mm-hmm who's
your sponsor until I saw this I'm not
Brendan's nut you can't have anybody
sugar this disc chocolate kisses and
M&Ms is cool cuz there's a hook it's all
yeah all right he'll deal I'm kid taking
care of Brandon this is motivation you
can do this with me
he can well I don't I know you're
fucking starving I know you quit I know
but yeah I know you craving sweet dude
come on dude you're doing so good keep
it ro I'm not harassing I'm just
motivating he's gonna thank me at the
end he's gonna thank me at the end
probably come on bro I'm craving all
this good - there's no way I care about
my boy Brandon sorry for this big
discipline what do you guys think these
things so good 70 good comments about
him
and losing weight you don't want that
come on it's gonna ruin the whole week
what are we doing Brendan oh okay so
when you were at the gym or whatever
earlier um I was making chicken or
whatever and all of a sudden boom power
went out
yeah here we go this is what we gotta do
candles we got the three candles we're
about to cook some dinner right here oh
yeah this is great great great great
welcome within your house just great
it's all your fault why'd you want to
move here all right guys just get to the
Grove to watch her a movie that we did
not watch last time over here so we're
about to see it but damn we just hate
we're doing breaking on this diet this
is going crazy like
we want to eat eat eat but we can so
we're about to watch the movie and see
what's up
yay bro how much I miss ya
what are you doing Brendan you paying
with the singles Emma hey that's French
you just come back from Las Vegas - yeah
right
the he found that money in my bag and I
money so give it to me I found that in
my camera bag you have one hundred
sixty-two dollars on singles Las Vegas
trip was crazy good morning guys I
passed out last night you're working on
my computer I love this little office I
got my iMac to work again well it was
used to work but you're just full of
memory my laptops here I'm just been
working this morning
a lot of stuff to do today if you want
to check it out come back to tomorrow's
log thank you guys so much for watching
and if you got your villain hats
thumbs up to you if you didn't not much
time left so yeah give this vlog a big
thumbs up if your true villain and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
as always the sadhana Brandon wake up we
have a gas leakage put a towel over
don't breathe don't don't don't breathe
let's go don't breathe guys utila let's
go
