Brandon wake up we have a gas leakage
put a towel over don't breathe don't
don't don't breathe let's go
don't breathe guys come here come in
come in morning you wanna do how did you
freak out like just leave good morning
what's up villains before start this
vlog I want to make a special
announcement the wait is finally over it
the villain hats are finally available
and you can purchase them in the link in
the description below
it's only a limited edition of hats you
got 15 days and the hats are gone so go
get yours right now just stop this vlog
click it and get them and also when you
get the hat sent me a picture of you
wearing it and send me through Twitter
and I will save it to my camera roll and
then I will get a huge timeline of all
my villains wearing the hat and put them
on my vlog so yeah the hats a pretty
dope if you guys want to get it you
better get it now it's 15 days left
this is actually my lunch I got some
chicken whatever some vegetables still
being healthy since what I have a
microwave at this house I'm cooking on
the stove but I'm not using any oil or
anything so super dry kinda hot sauce is
gonna help
Brendan's working on the computer I'm
cleaning both on my computers today
because there's so much stuff I'm
putting in the hard drives organizing
and yeah just another day my mom was
busting her ass all over the house so
with you with you guys what are you
doing what are you doing can you start
cleaning already I'm like wrapping it up
you're not organizing the house you know
oh you didn't thank you wow wow it's
nice
are you not putting that carpet here
what do you guys think with the
furniture it's pretty awesome huh I'm
having a party Saturday 300 people are
coming only 300 people it's fine okay
they should come before this Saturday
and fucking say can you help me this is
your office please
I can't deal by yourself you have to do
something you can see the work like the
baby so mana to the gym and I cut on my
pre-workout why did I cut on my peer
worker
I cut the pre-workout is because it's
too much if you like it you know it
definitely gets me going definitely
sweat but I get it she I don't know I
don't know I just feel like I've been
drinking it too much cuz I've been
drinking it twice a day so I switched to
coffee I'm drinking Starbucks I'm
drinking a black guy black guy just two
shots of espresso and a coffee so and
I'm drinking it hot so my body
temperature goes up so I started getting
hot and sweaty and then when I hit the
gym it's game over I'm just soaking
sweat so I recommend you guys doing that
if you don't like pre workouts but I
don't think you guys will like some of
you like just black playing coffee I
love like playing coffee now cuz no
sugar no milk nothing
just lean healthy so I'm headed to the
gym so my date 30 pictures are tomorrow
and I don't know if I should show it to
you I don't know if I should wait till
it's 60 if you guys want to see my
progress I don't know I'm kind of
nervous definitely look different so and
yeah let me know what you guys think if
I should show you my pictures but yeah
it's crazy I got to the gym you did
great almost cleaned up and Edward
almost died today by the way guys
she fainted I guess again I mom picked
him up and give him like emergency
medication but it's so sad I'm sorry
okay so my go to the movies right now
with a B and E D
now come on
Ipek oh yeah what is something please MA
what we've been doing is complaining in
this vlog I love you you know that
everybody knows that I guess thank you
so much for watching this vlog yeah so
what you guys want to see me and my mom
do more we're gonna go on epic
adventures she just settling in we're
both selling it all of us said I mean I
guess tomorrow's my 30 day pictures and
yeah they're gonna be epic I don't know
if I should show it to you or not I'm
not sure yet I still deciding let me
know in the comments what you think if
you guys want to see my 30 day
transformation or you just want to wait
till the full 60 days anyways I'm gonna
go to the gym right now which in my
second time and then I'm going to take
pictures so you will see that in the
next vlog so thank you for tuning in and
once again don't forget your hats 15
days left the link is in the description
below
yeah and send me your hats send me a
picture of you wearing the villain hat
hashtag villain and send me on Twitter
and I'll put them all on the time line
of all my villains 15 days left thank
you guys so much for watching this vlog
I love you I'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to give it a this vlog
don't forget to give this mug a big
thumbs up
and yeah Medina wouldn't be too much to
process addition why I rushed to him he
targeted me in Russian
oh wow you feel that he
