what's up villains thank you for coming
back for another great day with Brendan
mom and the empty almost empty apartment
so we got this awesome helper here
what's your name
Jenny so what are you finding in my
bedroom under my bed rings like it's
always you like few on I'm telling you
she's like each side you mean like if
you're watching this and you've been
here and you left the ring let me know
you said the second ring you can call me
and find your ring yeah I have oh here
it is no no it's not no no no it's a
keyring Wow great so what that's what
this mine you surely have it Wow Wow
you know what guys I'm gonna start a
collection you say you found six not
today though better get over to today's
three I'm gonna start a collection of
all the rings so this is nothing to be
proud of I guess maybe yeah maybe the
brand-new you should go to a jewelry
whichever one's the most innocent and
you saw how funny
Ramona and then this is the one that
second most expensive that's the one
that you get to the girl you're gonna
marry I'm gonna get married soon right I
all want to get married I'll just tell
her to pick up out of this they already
set it in the commas this day we know
you spread your butt cheeks for each
other
I don't want that iron booty with like
three or four hairs on it what else did
you find Navas that didn't come from my
room though those probably Nima's wig
you must so we just got to the Grove and
I got a car wash I'm getting a car wash
right now we decided to go see a movie
but the movie seats are taken so Jane
you're taken you know you know I think
all right CeCe she said the movies so
okay so the movies sold out so we're
gonna walk around Brennan decided to use
something healthy right now if you
actually wanted to cheat with an ice
cream because today's our thirty days
today actually I wouldn't tell him today
marks the thirty days of our
transformation he's like a you know what
we should maybe eat a nice
on the heads app but now I'm staying
strong I'm getting a nice D while he's
gonna get a salad it's something I don't
know he's staying healthy waiting for
till my car gets washed waiting till my
house gets the furniture gets moved in
so I can start unpacking uh hab that's
my life right now if you guys wanna know
here you go
so we got you iced teas and Brendan
wants to get a quick zero calorie
sweetener sugar that's horrible for you
man it's horrible
yeah this causes cancer bro you don't
need this in the comments below please
tell how this one or two or three
packets can kill you
please you're losing weight come on Bo
you don't know but it's only one drink
you enjoying that bro what I like
I like it too how much you like it
okay I know yeah because ladies
gentlemen a little leaf of romaine
lettuce is so bad guys they come at me
over here yo man listen babe ro
yeah that's your mate come on bro come
on mr. Baine
the kisser
I mean I'm not talking about the size
I'm talking about the album what's dad
alright we're getting the clean baby
back we get in to clean baby back I
alright let me see this thing
thank you it's 44 carwash plug for tip
thank you alright let's see it lets see
it
uh uh let's see yeah Oh what's up with
that scratch wow did you guys do that
what's up did you guys do that right
there I'm kidding man great job thank
you just get to the house got my mom a
nice fat burger yeah and this is right
here I got my lasagna my hope the auto
box
so yeah got my laws I got my lasagna
right here and this house does not have
a microwave I think we need to move out
serious are you serious are gonna be so
lettuce look up Academy here I'm just
cooking though look at the list watch
the process addition why I don't live in
Russia - yeah you're talking to me in
Russian
talking to the camera
yeah
I think I found my favorite place for
our boards did so much room you know you
should do what watch this power of like
this
Oh
you're gonna crash on the TV
this is way too much fun I don't even
know I don't even know I don't even know
where to start well to kind of end this
vlog today 31 29 days to go it's been a
crazy crazy journey yesterday I put on a
tank top and I have never looked so good
and it tanked up I was gonna wear a tank
top today but I don't want to show you
anything yet
so it's gonna I want to be surprised for
the 60 days so what I'm saying is right
now I feel greater than ever I hope you
guys feel the same it's I was like I can
get I can never get into this healthy
lifestyle I was telling myself and look
at me now healthier than ever feels so
great every day I wake up at 7 a.m. and
I can get so much stuff done before used
to sleep until 2 to 3 and just now my
brain started to work like yeah
processing like hey Vitaly get into this
now you can do this
so I'm super happy at the point of my
life where I'm at right now and forgot
to mention that I slept last night in my
new house yeah we're officially moved in
with my mom and it's gonna be crazy
these vlogs are gonna be super insane so
basically from this mini speech that I
just gave it is basically if you're
watching this vlog and it's daytime or
morning time go to the gym workout
you're gonna feel much better than you
feel right now I promise you that I know
this is motivational speeches I'm giving
to you yeah I'm so crazy as hell I'm
always gonna be crazy that's how it is
I'm always out of my comfort zone but
it's good to be a positive in life it
feels great it feels awesome
and I love the comments you guys are
saying I'm motivating some of you it's
just great comments you like that I'm
changing and stuff so you guys
motivating me while I'm motivating you
so we're helping each other out here you
know what I mean so I'm super happy
about that anyways I'm about to go home
I'm back get the rest of the stuff done
and get ready for a crazy week and also
I'm gonna plan my crazy Halloween prank
I wanna upload something shocking
I'm gonna get a couple ideas thing which
one I like the best and go with it so
time to work like always
so just got home and I officially think
you've gone crazy
yesterday you were fuckin to Brennan and
Russia and the whole day how does it
make you feel and she basically knows
the two apartments but herself
yes these little boy he didn't help me
at all this mean he's been sitting on
his horn all day long and at night I
said mom it's a session because I cannot
walk that far anymore can you bring me
these can you bring me a damn like it's
a bit ice so I can't walks are gonna use
the whole board it's not baby
hey everybody hustling house this
morning on um great story dude alright
hi guys thank you so much for watching
I'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
to give it a big thumbs up for this new
house and I'll see you guys tomorrow the
seed onion I'm gonna just you wanna I'm
gonna be on one me and Brennan decided
that yeah you're not gonna live in the
house no I got you uh this is a call
