what up what up valence well you know
why you came back to watch this vlog
ladies and gentlemen Brendan for
everybody how's it going everybody
what's up so today he's gonna go all the
roller coasters it's his fear I
understand there's nothing to hate about
it
there's nothing but it bothers me that
people have fears like that father I
want to knock the fear out of them this
is what I'm doing sorry and this is what
I'm doing today - Brandon I got two
tickets we're heading there Brennan do
you have anything to say um I'm
terrified of rollercoasters Heights and
it's actually pretty crazy because I saw
the movie the walk last night in 3d and
it's about a guy who walks on a
tightrope from the North Tower to the
South Tower all that students so that it
inspired you kind of like to get out of
your cup know that scared me more of
heights so we watched that I'm freaking
out it's IMAX it's crazy for huge
theater and like it really hit me how
hard I'm scared then we wake up this
morning and he's like we're going to Six
Flags we're going to Six Flags I'm like
you know what let's go you could spend
three weeks he's been trying to get me
to go we just got to the far end but why
did it look like somebody took a dump in
your car you took a dump in your trunk
and you're walking come on you're fine
dude we're here and it looks pretty
empty if so we're gonna have a lot of
fun today bro there's nothing to worry
about it's tough what are you looking at
me come on we're gonna have fun so Brent
is a little nervous but you've been
gonna do it you ready dude
they all watching they want you to do it
come on let's go get to sleep let's go
get the fast passes let's do this
come on you ready whoo you know you're
gonna do it might as well do it come on
dude get up come on it's your first
roller coaster hey everybody
yeah hey come on man up last time I
hated it you were kid dude I'm so proud
I'm so proud of him he literally changed
his mood from like a negative to
positive we're gonna sit in the front
like a man he's gonna have so much fun
Brandi you are gonna have a blast let's
go after you're done with this that's it
you can go into every ride okay
there
did you did your first roll holy shit I
did it and you fucked you go pro the
whole thing yeah
sorry for everybody all the moms dads
whatever I say I said that the S word
I'm sorry what holy s nah but I'm proud
of you dude thanks you just went from
like the negative hundred pussy cat to
being a man hi
there's many more to go
you just did one of the biggest ones
right here at the park yeah Wow I'm
proud of you dude how was that one
no it was crazy it's like we were
spinning around like my whole thing is
so awesome I was like okay like I just I
don't want to just look with everybody's
proud of you thank you I didn't want to
walk away just when I got a good job I
gotta be 67 today so like I was just
like the key is just to go and do it and
you know if you guys saw to the ceiling
well I owe you 50 100 bucks you go far
because I know you're not gonna fail
another one yeah all right well get over
your fear today guys you guys gotta go
and do something crazy they tell me what
you did crazy in their life I mean
roller coasters are they crazy they're
crazy for him yeah whoa ready for this
one
there's literally nobody at this horn
why really you couldn't do that hey
that's not fifty no that's not
completion $1500 no it's not yeah why
that's one of them has to be what you're
doing great dude good job
what are you talking about you did all
of them either you did almost a whole
loophole but you scared of this it's
that that's I wasn't anything any roller
coaster we'll come back to it at the end
of it are you ready for this one do it
it's not that bad it's only sewer year
that fly off the railings
- rollercoasters a year
why do they do that
broke
what's up high man what did I men oh
nice well have fun guys yeah alright so
uh that's it
Brendan you did it I did it I'm so happy
ain't see how reveal it really do are ya
like what do you recommend people with
fear for certain things to do now hey
comment what your biggest fear is like
all of our friends know that I was
terrified of doing this he tried to get
me to do this three or four times that I
was and I did six roller coasters so you
guys need to change my life no you're
welcome but let me ask you something
like what are you recommend to do is
just when they have a few just do it you
got it I'm like you just got to do it
stop thinking he's set down on a bench
he sat down on the bench I was like
thinking I was like no we just have to
go we have to go congratulations Brendan
successful day tomorrow yeah alright
guys gonna head back home and our drive
probably but um we killed this park fast
like three hours and we're out so time
to move on things tonight we're gonna do
something tonight I still gotta hit the
gym so guys I'm super super super tired
just got a home drop Brandon off and
guess where I'm going so I'm headed to
the gym but today was mission
accomplished by me and Brandon achieved
his goal that was kind of his goal you
know I got it - his comfort zone I would
say out of his fear
and you know he's thankful and I'm happy
that he's happy he said it bothered him
that he didn't go on the roller coasters
and you know for some people some of you
could be like wow like laughing you know
you guys shouldn't laugh
you know some people gonna support it of
course and some of you have a biggest
fear so what is it I want you guys to
overcome and soon I'm gonna start making
contest
whatever is your fear and you have to
overcome it it'll be a way I want to
plan it out but yeah so this is why I
just live life to the fullest cuz you
only live once and you know what you
only live once I don't want to be when
I'm 67 years old I'd be like oh I could
have done this I could have done this I
could have done this
I could have to get this but I didn't do
nothing so I'm enjoying my life to the
fullest I'm always gonna say what's the
worst thing gonna happen are you gonna
die no so why not to go and do it you
know so that's what I live I live by you
only live once I want to experience
everything everything possible what did
you guys challenge me to do something
that maybe I mean I have some fears but
okay so question of the day is what's
your biggest fear I want to know because
I read all the comments so what's your
biggest fear and then another one what
are you challenging me to do that some
of something crazy why don't you
challenge me to do and I want to pick
the winner by the way my workouts are
supposed to be finished November 9th but
apparently they have an extra week that
it's optional it's called hell week it's
basically the same workouts I do but
twice so basically you do a full workout
you wait 10 minutes and then you do it
again I think I'm gonna do it why not
it's optional but it's called hell week
for a reason I want to go through it I'm
gonna get cutter more in shape and more
mentally stable I'm getting stronger
guys I can't believe like you're do
burpees like that push-ups pull-ups this
is awesome before I was just like like a
robot at the gym dumbbells up and down
up and down I have I feel like I have
some strength
you know I'm flexible more flexible I
can move I'm not a little slow Pig uh
okay pushup oh man
Fitness baby fitness all right ladies
and gentlemen the vlog came to an end
just finished my workout time to start
today this is my last day in this
apartment actually tomorrow we'll be
moving all this stuff that I got today
but I read some comments in the previous
vlog saying that oh I treat Brendon bad
and I don't know I don't know and it's
no treat you bad nah man never treat
somebody five if I treat him bad it's
like pushing him to do something yeah
bullying and I tried to read but I tried
to find in the comments why were
treating bad and I didn't he's thankful
you woke up this morning in and great I
was dead it was you know a sistah it's
tough love tough love tough love yes I
like to kick him you know yeah yeah
move move your ass okay something
did it and I'm like he's running
everyday eating healthy every day
because I'm pushing him I'm not being an
asshole so anyways I love you guys thank
you so much for watching don't forget to
come back tomorrow these logs about to
start with my mom is gonna be crazy
yes given oh actually no I give it a big
thumbs up on this log for Brendon oh
yeah you're a man thumbs up let's see
how many thumbs up we can get to this
young beautiful love you thank you so
much for watching I love you that's the
dynein what's up what's up what's up
baby
it was this guy with the race that's
funny
