what's up villains another beautiful day
thank you for coming back watching this
vlog and if you started to watch this
vlog don't forget to give it a thumbs up
because you already know it's gonna be a
good vlog so anyways I didn't pick up
the small camera until 4 p.m. it's 4
o'clock currently I'm heading to the gym
I know I'm wearing the same shirt from
yesterday but I didn't go to the gym
with it I just went out so I was like
you know what
I didn't sweat in it why don't I use it
again for the gym so I'm gonna go to the
gym sweat in it then I'll throw in
laundry yeah because I didn't have a lot
of shirts I'm washing my clothes right
now so I'm headed to the gym I went to
my workout earlier everything's great
um what can I tell you guys I can tell
you one thing is that I love I love all
your positive comments that you guys are
transfer mate doing transformation I
don't know what the hell I'm doing I'm
gonna go but anyways yeah I'm like
walking with my camera I'm sorry
thinking of the biggest distinction this
is safe don't do that at home ok only
professional bloggers but uh yeah so
today tonight I'm gonna go see a movie
simple day earlier one film Russian
hitman couldn't really get of that just
from trying to knock this prank out to
upload for you guys as you guys seen
I've been uploading much more than I
used to because I stopped yeah I didn't
I'm not gonna lie I stopped that he
started doing like one month one prank a
month now I do I did used to - now I'm
pulling 3 almost so I'm gonna continue
that what about going on next year I
think next year next month I'm going to
Croatia the most 90%
I'm going to Dubai I'm taking my mom to
the bind doing everything I did I have
to show it to her I have to show the
world I feel bad now what we need went
to travel all these places and he didn't
take my mom I'm gonna take my mom to
Dubai and yeah it's gonna be a lot of
fun I'm doing some two biggest springs
ever in Dubai they already have they
already been planned so I'm super
excited about that but as far as right
now I'm focused on my transformation and
like in the previous vlog I said with
Andy I'm the girls the girls not a girl
don't exist right now my life I'm
focused on myself all myself my mentally
and physical self looks so much better
without a shirt now God one more week
two more weeks since your boys gonna be
shredded completely but I'm not really
myself until my program is completely
over I'm gonna do it before and after
big so that's about it as far as that I
hope you guys doing great I hope you
guys went to the gym today if not if
it's an early morning you guys should go
to the gym because it feels amazing
because you keep you know what I used to
say I used to say every day tomorrow
like night starts tomorrow I'll work out
tomorrow I'll work out tomorrow I'll
work out tomorrow I'll work out tomorrow
it's been three years of four years now
in 2011 I was in the best shape of my
life and then it said when downhill
meetings when you tubes are called
meetings and all that crap stuff so yeah
definitely guys take care of yourself so
what's up what's up what's up baby
it was this guy with the racing that's
funny
this is sometimes I don't put my top up
just because of this reason just because
of this reason I have way too many
people recognize me on the road and I'm
not trying to get anybody in an accident
because of me it happened before work I
looked out the window cuz you want to
take a picture with me and then you want
to take a picture with me and the car in
front of him stopped
if you've rear-ended and I don't know if
I were guys so did that story but it was
horrible
it happened in San Diego but anyways
heading home right now to change to
drink my protein shake and head to
Christians house cuz I'm gonna go see a
movie yeah alright guys so I just got to
Christians house and look I just brought
my cooler I'm cooking up my salmon right
here in this microwave he got his meal
prep dude I'm proud of you you didn't
we've been all chance for me Christians
getting skinny the shirts aren't outside
anymore hard on the biceps on the
triceps
ain't you got a snack bag how awesome is
domain yeah do you really a great great
for you great thought it is better than
good Oh see guys oh the living remind
yourself alright I just got my salmon
right here
check the stud Bam Bam that's my dinner
right here salmon and some roasted
veggies I'm gonna eat it with a spoon
and I'm gonna put some sriracha on it
your boys so official
the Heavin brings his own sriracha bomb
everywhere he goes oh you got one all
right I got mine I love spicy food spicy
is the best
hi guys so it's the next day and the
movie was excellent I actually some of
the clips got deleted uh I thought I was
recording but I didn't but they school
at home we went to sleep
but Brandon's here with me because
you're gonna have a lot of fun watching
tomorrow's vlog
yeah because where are we going where
we're going today you know why you know
why I last I'm getting go on the roller
coasters because he's scared and my
blogs are gonna be about inspiring
people getting over their fears and be
positive you know what
today we're getting over a fear burnin
is terrified of roller coast like
terrified yeah so he is gonna do it and
he's not even I he's only gonna do it if
he's gonna go on all the roller coasters
that I'm gonna go which is like six and
seven he's getting $1,500 cash
he's still down he's still scared yes so
Brandon are you ready to do this I'm
ready you all ready you're ready you're
28 years old right it's time to get out
of the box bro I'm proud of you I know
you can do it there's no reason to be
feared I'm a tortured guy yeah I'm gonna
have fun seeing him being all scared and
stuff for me it's gonna be entertainment
pure 100% entertainment he's gonna go
through torture because he's afraid but
I want that when he comes back home he's
gonna sleep good tonight he's gonna be
proud of himself and he's gonna get over
one of his fears
so Brandon we're gonna go to the roller
coaster park I got two tickets
watching tomorrow's vlog what happens
because he's gonna be very very
interesting thank you guys so much for
watching this vlog and don't forget to
give this luck thumbs up if you believe
in Brennan give this log a big thumbs up
and we'll see you guys tomorrow with the
results what's gonna happen oh and if he
doesn't go on the roller coasters I'm
leaving him at the park which is an hour
away from my house so and I think I can
kick his really phone away but I don't
want him to call nuber taxi I want him
to walk 40 miles back if he's not gonna
go so it's either you choose fifteen
hundred dollars or walk in a hot Sun for
40 miles I know I'm an I'm a douche I
guess but no it's not it's the only way
to do it so anyways I'll see you guys
tomorrow dusted on you
that's all you guys get from that
preview that's all I'm giving it to you
and appreciate it because I didn't I
couldn't do this I didn't have for this
um I'm gonna
