what's up villains hey things are coming
back Brendan you want to say anything
yeah of course I do
um I want to say that Halloween is
coming up and I feel like we should
scare the shit out of each other somehow
someway and story bro anyways so we had
we're heading right now to to to
actually the office where they edit
natural born pranksters because I'm
gonna see another cut with that pranks
we just shot the new ones they're gonna
add them dirty out of them and edited so
I want to see and I'm going within the
proprietary that I forgot what it says
already I like crazy people that don't
give a fuck yeah I'm rocking this shirt
today and it's true you know I'm sorry
for my language by the way if I have any
underage kids watching stuff anyways you
guys know both of my channels are rated
R so anyway so yeah I'm super excited
I'm gonna try to show you a sneak peak
of natural born pranksters I don't know
if I can well I definitely can't but
maybe I'll do it maybe it'll really
leave the vlog camera on the screen
before maybe
how do you know 10 seconds 10 seconds
wait too long maybe 5 seconds we'll see
how it goes 5 seconds maybe I'll leave
my vlog camera on the screen maybe
you'll see one of the pranks alright ok
alright alright guys we just got to the
studio and this is this armorer movie I
kind of can leash all how many layers
and timeline I got there look at this
Wow holy crap David right here he edit
some of it and then I brought Brandon to
let's see what's near the robot to watch
something special I'll let you guys know
how one
that's all you guys get from that
preview that's all I'm giving it to you
and appreciate it because I didn't I
couldn't do this I didn't have to do
something I'm gonna get some phone calls
they're gonna call me it's a like what
the hell are you doing hey I gotta show
the villains where they were waiting for
you guys been waiting for way too long I
got to show the villains what's up you
know me
hey the movie it was great all I have to
tell you you guys have to wait but I'll
give this game right here let's go
shuffle
so you get
oh this is fun
I'm gonna get that three
oh no thanks a lot absolutely all right
yeah thank you
driving home right now there's nothing
better than us drive-through Starbucks
I'm meeting Ed later and we're gonna go
hiking so I need my Starbucks I need my
coffee and yeah I think there's a fan
behind us he wants to take a picture I
don't know where you also do that what's
up photo man gets a foot of all for us
yeah
from Mexico nice coming show some love
baby
I'll take one across
thank you appreciate it man thank you my
man you do it
oh yeah work out it was great you're
like I have so much protein in my body
that ever I'm starting on Monday for so
much yeah thanks yeah my chess you watch
the vlogs things in oh my god just
farted McDonald's go dude
so we're about to go hiking and nothing
better than a red eye shadow Express on
a coffee honestly this is my addiction
for the next day's left I've been
drinking a lot of coffee I don't know
what do you guys think a lot of coffee
gets me through the day I wake up at
7:00 I'm in bed by 9:00 so yeah crazy
days but this is definitely keeps me
keeps me awake and I'm bout to go to
Ronnie Kane and I'm about to go hiking
hell yeah
healthy lifestyle baby whoa what did you
do today so right now we're headed to
Ed's house I'm gonna chill there for a
little bit until actually go to Andy's
Monarcas house tonight for the shooting
something for cooking thing I don't know
I'm not gonna eat he wants me to eat
caviar which I love but I cannot eat
them like I'm not eating anything
outside of the cooler he's like why
don't you bring it cool or it won't make
fun of it I said that's a great idea so
I'll bring my cooler there we're gonna
chill for a little bit but do you guys
notice anything different on me right
now like might be anything but this is
gray not green so I got my new sample
hats one is Rena one is grant I think
the gray is actually killer look at this
matches me black
I like a true American no matching but
so yeah
the hats finally came in and I'm gonna
prove them so yeah
the hats are about to come out you guys
been blowing up my Twitter about these
hats so we'll see how many sales are
gonna get so hopefully you guys get them
and rock out this bill and hats yeah hi
guys - just got to Andes hey baby
good edie heads phones on silent
yeah good excuse I know you're watching
- someone to come over after so we're
about to shoot for Vice right yeah nice
munchies fat Prince oh yeah we're gonna
talk we're gonna talk about food life
and whatever dope spot you got here huh
smells like food today's guest is a
crazy motherfucker named Vitaly he does
really wild fucking pranks that get him
in a lot of trouble and since she's a
Russian bastard I figured made me hit
like a little caviar so we got him some
really dope caviar from this restaurant
Petrosyan
and I got some caviar chocolate - it's
like a cured caviar that's like baked
into chocolate pieces let's get it let's
get it going fucking little dip oh there
you are
what you brought your own plus water
and what's the rule
no alcohol either just water just water
yeah fuck bitches you're allowed to fuck
bitches on your guy all right you know
no my girls are out of my life for the
accident
just focus don't miss their show comes
with happy endings I think it's good
good stuff baby oh my god oh oh you poor
moron and after that yeah I'm sorry
these cameras for me oh my god
that 2007 they used to watch your show
again right 2007 2006 and I was sitting
same department than we did together
that's another so the fat prince thanks
for watching and you know I don't do
this fucking post
eat shit where you have to like off a
certain way and stay a couple normal
things to end of a bitch so a little bit
more about the Rotella does the
healthiest healthier version of Nutella
where'd you get those like Whole Foods I
got an air one that you get sometimes
finding a Whole Foods but if you go to
air one WH o n that's like the healthy
grocery store I'm gonna try this out
guys this is ooh look at the ingredients
three ingredients the skinny girls do
bigger girls deserve to be about this
long ha ha
I mean some little raw booty wrongness
on the booty because I going raw anyways
put this on a classy bitch because if
she's a dumb ho just give her the
regular shit if she's really just worth
before she's really just worth $15 guys
- she's really worth that 15 bucks for
the small bottle give her a little
rubdown
alright guys just killed my workout I
hoped you guys enjoy it I snuck my
camera in again but yeah these workouts
are super tough hope that you guys
appreciated my clothing this time but
yeah we're gonna go shoot a new prank
today and I'll see you guys tomorrow
once again thank you for all that they
love you've been giving us and yeah
Brenda you got anything to say Cheers
right you should say that I have no
underwear on that's what oh yeah but it
was the skinny I'm gonna be gay you're
here anyways love you guys thank you so
much for watching make sure to come back
tomorrow
and don't forget to give this video a
big thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow
let's see Daniel thank you
