what's up villains thank you for coming
back and spending your day with me I
would say I'm Brandon and maybe my mom
with us here in today's vlog I don't
know because I'm starting this vlog in
my room this is what I'm doing you guys
are probably wondering what the hell am
i doing I'm packing right now and
there's a lot of things to pack huh
I don't even know where to start how do
people pack I just literally opened
these drawers and threw everything in
the box so yeah I don't know I just
threw it I know I don't I don't I don't
look at this whose is it
okay guys so I'm heading to the gym
right now the weather is beautiful it
feels like October it's kind of cool
outside sunny feels awesome like
actually feels like after a hurricane in
Florida that's what it feels like but
anyways so I feel like I haven't talked
to you guys in a while and I want to do
talk to you because yeah what's been
happening I've been keeping up with my
diet
everything's been absolutely good my
back is getting better and there were
some things I gotta tell you oh the
movie natural born pranksters that
movie's working out wait till release it
I know I've been talking for about a
long time hyping it up but they just
added those three new pranks that we
shot and the movie is gonna be looking
really really really really good I'm
super excited it's gonna come out early
next year and if you think it's a long
time awaits really not
we're in October it's we're really not
that far away from early next year so
I'm super excited I know most of you
guys gonna see it and love it so yeah
but the diet thing is let's go back to
this for a little bit the diet
the diet thing is actually got used to
chocolate no chocolate for almost 30
days for me wow that's really impressive
for me but I'm actually was oh I'm
actually getting invited to getting
flown out to Canada Taiwan all these
places for like meetings and you know
all these different stuff business
basically business-related trips and
have to turn them down all of them all
of them because this 60 day
transformation does not stop for me I'm
going all the way to day 60 taking my
after picture so I'm gonna have posted
to my Instagram before and after I'm
gonna vlog it to show it to you and I'm
gonna keep going on my own I'm not gonna
drink as much I'm not gonna eat as much
sweets I'm not gonna eat like I've been
eating and plus I'm gonna be living in
an awesome home in Beverly Hills with my
mom guess what that means home-cooked
food that's right and just need to find
a nice little girlfriend to be by my
side so I don't have to go out and do
all these you know you girls here there
yeah you know what yeah I'm kind of
changing and I know you guys been
noticing in the comments but this is
crazy actually the one other day I went
out sober and I was looking up all these
people sober I'm like wow is this really
what I waste my time doing drinking like
these people at the bar standing and not
getting anything out of it like what
good memories yes of course every time I
go out I go crazy to make this long
lasting forever memories but those
people just sitting around socializing
you know wasting money on drinks and
just like I don't know I'm gonna drink
once in a while but let's say I'm going
to the buy with my mom I'm on a party in
Dubai of course I'm not
go as hard as the one last time I could
last time I went hard I'm gonna give you
more of quality vlogs in Dubai I'm gonna
do pranks in Dubai and what else and
Thailand for New Year's
yes I'm gonna drink New Year's New
Year's is my favorite holiday I'm going
nuts or New Year's can't stop me from
that's alright so but on the other side
everything's been great so I'm heading
to the gym right now I've been moving so
I haven't vlogged really much outside
supposed to film but I need a move bit
my mom's been busting her ass moving so
I gotta help her so I've been moving and
now I'm going to the gym and after the
gym I might move more but I do want to
go out and vlog some stuff for you guys
so we got and here we got it Erica I
called a Eric here earlier
I have only known you for a year we're
thinking about going to a movie to see
some movie you guys excited for a movie
I'm so excited about my hat I wanted to
change my look so flat I went to the gym
and I killed it and guess what
everywhere I go I carry a cooler with me
he does please don't make fun of me okay
sorry sorry I'm sorry it's just
sometimes I get emotional and I think it
Apple dude dude come here first of all
about to break everything I'll be
careful with that one oh yeah oh it
feels great it it's a rough man named
Browns you glue these pubes to yourself
and I was literally pubes to my Wow
that's how I treat your box they just
threw that I'm sorry what is that
you wanna rub oil in it on your booty
maybe anyway so we're gonna go probably
ride the little hoverboards whatever you
call them
and maybe skate a little hard work yeah
yo we have some business to do I know
we've been talking for a while about
this you know I was bidding trying to
like you know not always come on time I
would say always trying to say oh I'm
busy my mom's calling me I always had
the suitcase remember the money are you
from a year ago I think it's time thank
you give it to people all right guys
just to clarify this is fake cash that
I'm using for my Russian hitman prank
why would you what are you doing
have some respect okay when I talk to
camera now what it dude this is so
dangerous leaving in the car somebody
sees that they will follow you and
probably kill you
a man gets killed for fake cash and then
the guy kills somebody thinks it's real
I'm gonna be on the news sorry guys it's
a horrible story why am i sharing this
all right so we found some Berger lounge
on the second floor and the Grove it's a
mall outside we're having drinks like
I'm me a good boy unsweetened iced tea I
drink maybe like twice a week those with
a piece of lemon
we were gonna see a movie but decided
not to so we're just gonna hang out of
here she allow it and plan some projects
right you wake me without we're working
we've been working hard and killing it
I've been killing you guys have to admit
it thank you and yeah I'm not planning
on stopping Hey
you good yeah okay I want to crush this
stuff here edit all right guys this
floor came to an end it's the next day I
just finished my workout and this is
what I have to do so thank you so much
yes I'm working on myself thank you so
much for coming back everyday spending
days with me you guys are absolutely
fantastic all the love and support you
shows me once again I'm gonna say it
again
drives me crazy you know what you know
what a little message it should tell you
guys you should live today like it's
your last day or tomorrow if you already
live and you're about to go to sleep
make sure you sleep like it's your last
day sleep like a baby
but anyways thank you so much for
watching this vlog don't forget to give
this the vlog a big thumbs up if your
true villain and I'll see you guys
tomorrow as always thank you very much
and let's see Dania like big
announcement you want to share it no we
got a shirt you all want hey Yuma sure
good you all want to hey I just don't
like you I don't want your call
