what's up villains welcome to another
vlog I hope you guys doing great
fantastic awesome I'm doing absolutely
fabulous you know I'm doing absolutely
fabulous because I woke up I've been
doing this for 3 weeks today March 3
weeks that I wake up on empty stomach
and I run from that run I do cardio for
40 minutes I did Runyon
it's a hiking trail I run it and now I'm
switching out with a Stairmaster for 20
minutes and then I just went after out
there Stairmaster for 20 minutes I do
elliptical then I go eat my breakfast
and I go back to the gym like right now
it's later in the day cuz I did
yesterday's vlog at some stuff good
right now I'm headed to see Christian
about my battalion sensors show if you
guys don't know what battalion says to
show its you good I was not so good for
YouTube it's too uncensored for YouTube
and I'm headed that right now to pick it
up to review final clips and after that
I'm headed to the gym usually right now
should be doing community service hours
it's from 7:00 a.m. every day till 3:30
let's go let's go let's go
good sis let's go let's go one two let's
go let's go let's go
push push it that's how we grow this is
the third set by the way guys that's how
we grow how many golly you got five more
five yeah go make it cool my elbows go
that's how we grow up up last one last
one give me two more come on throw some
commas you actually like the vlog of me
work out so Joey it's joke one expose
what we're doing right now
hi guys you're gonna burn me on
we're going to burn him out we have a
cheaper set with dumbbells going to go
five reps at SEMICON jumbo big library
stop down winning five push-ups cents
what's up
how many says 30 seconds left 5 SEC holy
shit I think my chest arrived in Miami
already full T bro my next exercise bro
we got decline press we superset with 15
spine crunches what's up
now in a way oh good I hear Miami hello
oh yeah the group of colleges Rioja
depicting the complete budget
two three
holy shit this guy's no joke
next to say but we got think you think
you can keep up i stride at home and
leave me in the comments of the long as
I do it what are you gonna do
got slide one Afra good after 10 loose
silly Phil Taylor go Feiler failure is
not an option though there is no four
five just good
four more four months
Oh little tricep good timin just
finished with an awesome workout and
guess what guys my new car reveal are
you ready what is this
I'm kidding it's not my car but this is
a one hell of a cute car I wonder how
fast it goes is Jaguar e-type I have FSI
4.2 this is awesome look at this you
know I had a great workout I guess we'll
just pick me up to get a new couch nice
lovely mom what's up mom how are you
doing
fuck you mom I love my mom another how
to donkey me today is a valentine day
and this is my love of my life a movie
that I should hear about ah
and anyway so we're headed right now to
go buy a new couch because I just moved
to one-bedroom apartment damn just while
we're going through the hills I love it
so with this couch we're going to get a
new college that orange couch I gave it
away
like I made my promise long-long and
vlogs ago so I love my new apartment
nice cute little one-bedroom
it's a come ever there I'm always at the
gym
that's like what's the point I might as
well sleep on the couch at the gym shut
the fuck up anyway hope you guys enjoy
your day and I'm bringing you guys along
so we're finishing up with a Kia right
now and apparently this is the biggest
Akiane in the world would you say United
States I don't know then you want to
just build in California but I tell you
I'm never coming back to the store ever
again like look at this look at it like
what I went through with my mom maybe my
mom just is nah it's the store - it's so
confusing and just so retarded I'm just
so like like I just wanted to buy
college then my mom's like need
barstools you need a new lamp just
trying to add all that on them so pit ha
ha
now nobody can see us now we can fight
what's up what's up what you think
you're going huh where you think you're
going now anyways thank God the journey
is almost over
I'll cry alright
I can't wait there's a fighting one a
blogger there's nothing exciting here so
I just met up with my boy Jay Jay what's
up bro that's how you're in Philippines
why did you lie to me hey why are you
not talking like this
you think he's a model ha ha ha you
think he's a model I give this good boy
mr. Jay is so cute when she bang him - I
Love You Jay Love You Jay I used to be
my dream to be a model but then some
ugly I tripped rushed about just
building my friend model fuckers okay
everywhere go these protein cookies
follow me right here what are they call
Lani Larry's guys Lanie Larry's if
you're watching this vlog or anybody
knows Lanie Larry's I need to just one
surprise those older person cookies I
need a lot of milk like a lot and I need
a sponsor
sure the peanut butter ones whoo yeah I
need to get sponsor ready cookies man
I'm serious
every day and they give you protein you
feel good they're amazing so I have done
a Q&A in a while and that is going to be
a right appropriate time to do it and I
hope you guys enjoyed this Q&A and get
to learn a little bit more about me or
what's going on in my life we have a
lady plan for 2017 any movie
opportunities and TV opportunities yes
three movies first in the tornado
written by me and Tony Tony's the man
right out of the coal lighter is the
world buses finish writing a movie great
tornado that's right Dillon tornado is
going to be amazing and action comedy
movies that you probably
it's going to be a surprise down another
two big movies it's not going to prank
movies it's real acting feature film
thank you God thank you for everything
dreams really come true don't ever give
up on your dreams you're reading Camus
yes sometimes when people try to use you
you don't know who your real friends are
people trying to reach into your pocket
there's just pain diggers gold diggers
needing a good girl that actually likes
for who you are it's too difficult
oh well it's part of being famous so I
accepted this is something that I wanted
to be and that's your answer
great question what's the best part
about your media service hours the best
part of our community service hours is
that I wake up at 6 a.m. I go in at 7-7
to 338 hour a day shift pull and drop
150 hours after work for free it's
making me appreciate what I have in life
and not take it for granted
I have flashbacks from because I have to
shoot the streets I have to do painting
and I have flashbacks that's what I used
to do when I was 16 years old so it's a
great reality check be traveling back to
Europe again the summer I've been to
Croatia Croatia is amazing I love gray
shoes for anybody watching you go for
gracious thank you I love let alone our
growth I just love the whole creation
your islands are amazing but the summer
I do want to go to Greece Spain London
Sweden and as many
countries as they can in Europe that's a
really funny question can have a paries
if I have bad news I would give us you
but you know what I'm going to give you
the ease that are working today and
payment not because they messed up
because I'm going to go to a
professional shooting place and clean
them I'm going to give you them because
I was thinking today somebody asked me
for pair of these I would give on this
they're 11 and a half do you want to
bribe message me on Twitter and they're
yours I promise and for people going to
talk shit that I'm giving you free use
these plotting you a shit because I
don't have to do like a souvenir from me
if you want it you want if you don't I'm
gonna worm when are the cartel has
coming the has they're coming very soon
I'm getting the store pills right now
tomato villain and cartel clothing is
launching my own brand villain I can't
wait it's going to be amazing
and Cheska what a great question what
happened two years ago about your
battalion censored show it's right here
on the hard drive guys let me know if
you want me to upload the show on
YouTube and episode a main channel it's
still uncensored for YouTube but I can
blur some CDs or some ass let me know if
you want to see it it's run on this hard
drive and upload it at people who
support you can you tell me what happens
to you enrollment outward yeah bad dude
I swear that you fee ever come no weird
voice then it's Roman and I are still
boys I just take the Roman up so long
ago went separate ways
career path I want to be an actor Romans
doing his vlog style business his merch
here the family gives a girl on the way
congratulations Roman if you're watching
this would you ever do a world tour yes
I think I want to do it at the end of
this year or early next year I'm putting
a package together our company's putting
our package together which country we
will travel to so you cannot wait for
that will soar oh my god that would be
amazing
then that's what I'm going to do really
be a surprise
community farm okay guys I'm going to
wrap up Q&A and if I didn't answer your
question feel free to ask me more
questions on Twitter the link is in the
description below and I'm going to try
to reply on Twitter to some of you thank
you so much for watching this vlog
please give this vlog a big thumbs up
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
that's designer
