what's that villains what's going on
beautiful day out here at the University
of Southern California I'm just chilling
today well not really chilling I'm
working right now so yep I'm pranking my
fans whoever comes up to me and
recognizing me and wants to take a
picture they're gonna go through hell
first me being super mean then I got
done the tally shirt for them and the
villain glasses which is inside this
shirt so the reaction has to be really
good for them to get this back because
if they're just like oh I'm gonna be
like yeah of course let's take a picture
but you can't get the gift bag I don't
have enough gift bags I've brought like
12 with me I'm gonna sit here until
somebody recognizes me right now it's
kind of slow but once they do I'm gonna
attack hey what's up say what's up to a
police officer I'm just gonna give back
to my fans I'm waiting till they
recognize me and then I'm giving them a
shirt in my head like began asking for
you want to share it we got a shirt you
all want hey Yuma sure you you all into
some sitting here and waiting to get
recognized and get to recognize me these
awesome police officers so you guys the
real LAPD or just the campus police if I
ever get in trouble I know I'm football
thanks but thanks for being so cool
that's awesome and I hooked them up with
my new tally shirts now they're gonna go
and set off this inject yep
look at that Sally do you tell off the
booties I love the booties come on you
know you can sell off the booty
don't lie Dan these police officers are
nice so what'd you think
yeah like how we were done I thought
we're getting kicked out I was like
brenards standing behind this tree and
filming I'm like Brandon you're gonna
to walk away because these cops are
probably gonna come up to us he starts
biking up to me I'm like oh here we go
I'm like Brennan don't film so he starts
filming he's like ah what are you gonna
do say something stupid I'm like ah I
wish the cop started telling me to leave
and started being mean to me so I can be
back and forth playing a game but yeah
actually was turn out to be super cool I
gave him a shirt and yeah they love them
sell off the booty for sure of course
we can take his don't dude you inside
dude how are you thank you
ah let's see what happened I got to walk
away and get ready to shoot more we got
some fans recognize
we got love everywhere around the world
on freeways everywhere so left the
college got home took a nap now waking
up and going to a meeting that I've with
a friend it's a girl yeah she's meeting
show something to pitch to me I can't
wait to hear it and then after that
guess where your boys heading to the gym
for some chests and tries so yeah I'm
gonna I can't wait to go to the gym my
back's been hurting so bad my lower back
I pulled a nerve it happened like a
couple years ago I would say maybe over
like actually six years ago where I get
this back mean it's the same back pain
every six months I would say nine months
I get this pain it's horrible and
hopefully it's gonna go away but I'm
really scared it might get worse and
worse and worse and I'm not gonna be
able to work out yeah I get this back
pains it's like a nerve I don't know I
just got to put some icy hot on it but
hopefully it's not gonna get worse
because I'm on my day like 21 or 22 when
working out on the program and yeah and
I basically have no rest cuz I pretty
much have to work out every single day
yes so I don't know it's gonna be tough
but I'm pretty sure hopefully this back
pain is gonna go away just got a thing
positive so I just got a gym and there's
my boy D Edgar here what's up boy he's
gonna hook me up with some clothing but
watch this look at his parking job look
at this that's the elevator to go to the
gym this is where he parked his car and
he got a lovely note on his car and I
did take it a lovely note this is not a
parking spot go park back in Nevada
thanks bye forever why would they sing
the bottom though because my place oh
here's the license plate says Nevada
that's what they're talking to go back
to Nevada
Wow all right you're gonna have some
clothing what's up what's up what's up
what's up little plug
I'm be large three weeks ago not medium
boy
oh come on expect the liquor I'm kidding
I like what you just pulled it up check
it out all right Sean Sean show the
villains that you got me ooh that's hot
baby I'm Jim right
oh my damn dude that is I'm gonna look
like a clown fuck dude this is sick whoa
I like we don't people who don't give a
fuck that fits me well that's awesome
dude thank you so much man this way you
say that you like yeah dude thank you
bro yeah if they want to get some
clothing where do they go stop calm so
easy to LA dope shop calm Hey he
deserves a plug for this quality
clothing Thank You Diego let me show you
this oh my god this is hot this is hot
that's awesome to you thank you but
here's your note by the way what do you
think about his parking job this is how
he parks to go to the gym
I read the note he got from somebody
just got home and guess who's here
what's up this is so sad to see my
apartment and teeth look at this my
mom's been working hard well it doesn't
look like that much but it's a lot what
you brought a shopping cart inside you
have to put that's gonna be a huge
problem it was I'm gonna kick you about
every day
I'm not mama's boy okay you are because
you get any shit by yourself
what nothing what I'm talking about you
know what I'm talking about
well they don't know what you're talking
about how easy you are look at beep I
just have lotion next to my bed it's not
a big deal then it box of tissues okay
yeah right what it was here what the
whole month of papers and stuff and just
fold it everything or just say hi
interviewer hello how are you how are
you hey hey hey relax relax just help me
please oh by the way I already put those
pants on you guys complained the way
address to the gym to my workout my mom
challenging me not challenged like put
this ridiculous but see you know why I
don't want to put this on then they can
I see my muscles and my progress and I
don't want to show anything biking where
those fans
girl I like your dancing skills
you're fine mom we're gonna go to Target
with Brendan I'm gonna get some tag this
oh shit it's in your chest I'm so
freaking tired just leave me alone
what do you mean move to the hell are
you gonna mess with me they're gonna I
feel bad just like a strange I pranked
you with the stinky I pinched with an
iPhone and I'll break you here that's
three zero
you got a catch I decided to do a late
my run at Target
would you get Brendan tactics you know
DC Comics but it's yours how excited
yeah chris haslam but almost and then
the homies it from enjoy dude I got your
dumb ball okay I won 50 yeah put the
tech digs down take the two of these I
won 10 squat thrusts where are those
squirt squirt use your squad no but you
squat like that look
put your back put your ass out let me
give you a right form okay okay all the
way down like this and then dumbbells up
at the end
yeah that's 15 all the way down all the
way down it dude can't you see it bro
doing wonderful do your squats just
eyedrops that I ten burpees looking
crispy fresh here look at this and I
have a kangaroo pocket so it looks like
this kangaroo pocket that's right some
Mickey Mouse shoes it's a nice outfit
sorry guys I'm really sorry I'll be
honest with you yeah this is about to
happen
Yeah right
dedicated dedication say X same note so
all of this so we got home Brandon got
his tech decks yeah
it's hitting me right now that I'm
moving I can't believe it
thank you guys so much for your daily
supporting these vlogs
it keeps me going forward keeps pushing
me going forward all these awesome
comments you guys are amazing thank you
so much for watching don't forget to
come back tomorrow for another fun day
and yeah we're moving this is real this
is gonna be awesome fun don't forget to
give this video a big thumbs up and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
let's see that
