good morning villains whoo thank you for
another beautiful day we right here in
our skateboards Brenda and I Brenda is a
little ahead of me but we're actually
headed to the coffee shop what's up
we're actually headed to the coffee shop
to Starbucks to get a nice little coffee
a black coffee with a shot of expresso
to start the morning I already ate
breakfast so I don't know what we're
gonna do today you're filming tomorrow
so I'm not sure I want to do but we're
doing definitely something I start with
the coffee am i squeezing my work out
I'm not sure but my throat still hurts
but I don't know we'll see where the day
will take us actually we'll see where
the coffee takes us
oh yes can I get a medium black coffee
with a shadow expresso so I go what is
it red huh
alright guys so we decided to stop at
Adam's new house well not really new
you live here what's up Adam what is
gone a long time no see what's up
Brendon you got your own office here
dude I'm jealous look at this this is
Adams room look up Cameron no long time
no see look Adams room fireplace you
want to wake up in the morning oh hey hi
how are you yeah
surround sound everywhere this is just
like a it's going to be a pussy magnet
it's a pussy magnet room look at his
bathroom
damn maybe next year maybe in two years
I get a house like this I don't know I
check out this living room Hey look at
this
do they all gonna be like yo you should
have moved into this house not that ya
know but I don't know if I want to live
in the Hills though I mean you know
you're not tired of doing this driving
up in a helicopter
do you should make a zipline to sunset
zipline to sunset look at this we got a
little hot tub over here you got a
little fireplace with your nice little
grassy area look at this so guys if
you're wondering how my day is going
it's going pretty well well I just
watched us kill dawn and I'm just
chilling a home Brandon went to skate
somewhere I'm kind of just recovering
from my workouts I've been going way too
crazy I might go riding today I know I'm
overdoing it but that's why I'm probably
getting Stig but about a whole bunch of
vitamins yesterday I'm recovering and
yeah I don't know what I'm going to do
but I'm gonna do something for the vlog
hopefully fun cuz I've just been sitting
home all day so this that's my update
for you guys
so yeah Adams house is freaking awesome
I love it completely jealous for sure
for sure but he lives with roommates
couple of roommates I'm chilling with my
mom for my blogs because my blogs are
about to take off I'm actually gonna
live with my mom and have a lot of fun
when I go on adventures crazy adventures
I'm gonna take you with you and I'm
about to actually get my license for
skydiving I'm gonna sign up for a class
whatever it takes so I can start jumping
out of planes by myself hell yeah I got
out of the house and I'm heading to I'm
actually heading somewhere exciting
right now
it kinda is gonna look like it's gonna
rain but it's not but I'm gonna go
somewhere exciting I'm going
skateboarding at a skate park that I
have never been before brennan's is
actually there right now so hopefully I
can get some footage for you guys for
this log of me skating
skated since like 2010 four years five
years now holy crap time flies
check out this awesome part just check
it out
nice skating sesh here what it does off
my
yeah I got a tooth 100 my face
so we're skating here at the skate park
and what happens
a helicopter comes police helicopter
oh maybe somebody broke something or not
well there was my skateboarding skills
this is why I quit and I used to skate
for life I can we escape for life yeah
skate for life back in the day but yeah
quit skating because I had a full-time
waiter job and I couldn't practice
tricks anymore I was getting worse and
worse and worse so just quit but people
say I still gotta skate for fun and that
was a lot of fun so but yeah I took
myself too seriously before I was like
oh I want to be pro would it be pro to
be a pro now I didn't know what you have
to do you have to like freaking switch
tre flip over Kirk nosegrind to back
tail to back the lip freakin under pivot
nose Manny shot out so yeah it's pretty
crazy but anyways we got to Ralph's
right now I'm sitting in the car because
I'm beat Brenda's inside he's shopping
for his food as you know I can't eat
nothing outside of the cooler so I'm
just chilling about to go my phone check
my Twitter Instagram snapchat talking to
you guys so yeah I didn't learn any
tricks but next time I promise and yes I
know before you say it I know I suck at
skateboarding yeah there's actually
somewhere in my video if you type in
Vitaly skateboarding on YouTube it's a
little sponsored a video from 2007 the
clips are from 2005 but I edited an
upload in 2007 that's makes it eight
years ago damn time flies ah time flies
I'm 23 I'm gonna be thirty in seven
years so we just got home and one of my
friends one of my girlfriend's is coming
over right now to hang out and she
doesn't know that she's about to get
pranked
basically what I'm gonna do is set up
this moving boxes in the elevator and
set up my GoPro right above her and
she's about to get in for a treat what
do you think Brendan it's gonna be good
and we're gonna scare her girl she's
coming over in that elevator Oh hmm
she's gonna be fun
fun life here and you guys calling me
evil this is the true you how much of
what maybe yeah alright I did good hide
me good
those are can late lows like a duel a
stream that was awesome what's up long
time I see Tori was eight she like
totally worked she delayed I popped out
and she goes alright guys so I hoped you
guys like the epic scare prank on my
girlfriend and when I say my girlfriend
it doesn't mean her girlfriend a
girlfriend means she's a girl friend
she's a friend
wow wow my eyes look beautiful
anyways sorry guys that you had to watch
a piece of coffee or piece of whatever
snack on the side of my face this whole
vlog I didn't notice yeah I got a dirty
mouth but and my orange mouth from the
coffee and thanks for Brandon for
telling me that I had something on my
face thanks bro
the whole day we're together dude if you
see Hey hey man hey bye anyways thank
you guys so much for watching this vlog
by the way if you're watching if you
made it till the end
my main prank channel is up so please go
give it a thumbs up and let me know who
is the true villain over there thank you
guys so much as you know I read mostly
all the comments 90% eighty so thanks so
much and I'll see you guys tomorrow and
don't forget to give this blog
thumbs up also see tomorrow we birthday
Alex Thank You oak in I'm holding an
ak-47 but that's not original there's no
brown there's no brown I don't like full
tactical ok yeah I'm out of yeah
