what's up villains another day look
who's up villains
oh yeah did I do that right yeah what's
up Brandon we got add we had it to Alex
Mendell party my main channel video is
edited if you're watching this is gonna
be up tomorrow what's up guys today I'm
going to teach you a simple trick how to
pick up girls using Instagram
number one I'll be a cute little boy
alright actually so yeah don't forget to
give that video a thumbs up but work
pretty hard on it so but anyways we're
about to go to Alex Miguel's party we
don't have any birthday gifts I feel
horrible but he doesn't need it you
think what does he need use everything
he just bought an ak-47 for his birthday
so I'm going to Walgreens to buy him a
car to write something funny on it like
the even mustache or something else no
that was a funny shit but yeah we're all
gonna give him cards for his birthday
what do you give them the code you just
are you gonna give him a silly birthday
present yeah I'm gonna find out
Walgreens right now alright that's it I
thought you were jawless Brima junior
let's buy a douche yeah and Barbie why
they have like Barbies you can get why
would we buy you sure we have anyway why
let's each spend 20 bucks and see you
gets the best gift in Walgreens ok no
that's another challenge it's alright
that's awesome
that was a great way to say 20 to spend
more than $20 everybody don't spend more
than $20 so I don't know the funny thing
is Alex is watching this ah it's not
look it's not about the price of the
present it's about the fought that Coke
goes behind it yeah I know you don't
need anything anyway so love you baby
what are you getting at definitely got
to get a balloon what's a birthday
without some balloons these are probably
$5 each I'm gonna get in for conquering
mother coming up to it toys for me what
I wanted toys for my wiener
please please PLEASE I support that
vibrating ring yeah I think he has the
same dog that's cute
just just really yeah he has the same
dog I think Thanks guess what I'm
getting him mm what cock ring
there's cock rings here yeah fun sister
gift gift oh no you don't like my
birthday Greg he has a cave is awesome
dude he's laughing he was laughing look
see I think damn he got the best spot
that's a good birthday present though
right yeah that guy was awesome shoutout
to that walkers guys I was funny he
remind me of the anchor you remember
from the Chris P bacon video the pig
video where they named the pig crispy
bacon yeah he was laughing just like
that anchor but look at this you got him
a pregnancy test you might get pregnant
from me yeah so we got the birthday
presents guys and I want you to tell me
who got the best birthday present yeah I
got a cock ring I got a lightsaber
crowns a drawing book a silver and pink
skull two lollipops and two business son
oh that's a lot of things oh my god yeah
oh there it is oh there is so much you
got in there you saw what you got kinda
a would you like Missy test okay oh wait
did I did see what today this yeah yeah
okay so you got pregnancy sized dogs two
balloons and uh this soldiers soldiers
back to the future
silly string I'm just balloon that you
everything that was you reminder to me
nice a good condition we said hey your
Russians you're certainly not exact on
this is a cock ring it's a cock ring
yeah I knew that here you go
congratula-- happy birthday Alex thank
you all you walk-in I'm holding an ak-47
but that's not original there's no brown
there's no brown I don't like full
tactical okay yeah I'm out of you look
what he has a taco taco stand don't you
give this what a choice my brother
brother care what anyone can yeah so
this girl laying on top of that guy and
they're rubbing each other
the girls on top of the guy and the guy
just has her hands they make it love
nice oh my god sorry I'm not gonna I'm
not gonna you want to all beard
oh seven Oh I'm staying strong it's hard
good it's really hard but I'm staying
strong
are you staying strong yeah man I'm not
gonna lie to you guys this is super hard
that's why I'm gonna leave soon yeah I
can't be around this I've no else to go
I'm sorry V oh yeah enjoy it
yeah thank you you stopped in the car
yeah gotta wait two more hours for my
dinner it's an actor or what what about
what if I you now I'm already annoying
dude stop it
no this is nasty you won't want this hi
guys so we left the party early cuz it
was just a tease for me I don't know but
it was nice to see Alex and everybody
left the party cuz I pulled my back and
I gotta get a massage and guess whatever
I did I let it call and hold you back I
pulled my back doing this workouts it's
crazy it's like a nerve that every two
years does that so anyways and Kong
worked out actually his leg days while
you don't skip leg days huh I don't skip
leg days I thank you guys I got thunder
thighs so yeah he's ready to get a
massage I have never seen anybody so
excited yeah it's just it's just any
time I get a massage it's like a reset
of my body and brain you know I mean it
is so relaxing set but do you guys need
to do at least once a month I used to do
like every couple months but now I found
this place that which is awesome
so I started going here and yeah pretty
pretty pretty pretty good and Dahlia
banding to see as I said before the
supply series
fuck that am i coming help me opera here
that's funny anyway so we don't know
what we're gonna do after I'm gonna
definitely I'm excited for my dinner so
I'm gonna eat dinner maybe we're gonna
go up a couple of girls but like green
tea we'll see you know what I also hate
about California is this that's their
parking lot in the back oh my God look
at this how close you are holy shit look
at all those scratches from somebody
yeah alright lady thing finally let's do
this alright look what your boys doing
look who came back in town Oh trouble oh
I see why see the chassis she brought to
partner in crimes it's all three three
well kong yeah they gonna be drinking
and having fun while you're without your
boy Batali gonna be sober having fun and
watching on drinking water
aquafina alright guys I'm gonna end the
slug right now I just woke up it's the
next day I went home at 2:00 a.m. and to
be honest last night was fun but I was
drinking water peoples trying to make me
take shots at the end of the night to
get a pizza at that bar they were all
eating pizza I'm not gonna lie it was
hard but guess what I did not cheat I
was drinking water all night so today I
woke up at 9 a.m. time to start today I
feel blessed just ate my breakfast the
only thing is that my throat's killing
me other than that I'm pretty good so
once again thank you for watching my
vlog and yeah don't forget to come back
tomorrow please thank you so much don't
forget to thumbs up and I love you guys
does he die yet you're gonna fall
anymore
I gotta you anyone sorry
why you great
