what's a village whoo thank you for
coming back uh we're about to go filming
bye before we go film thank you for
watching yesterday's vlog I hope you
guys liked it yesterday was awesome
unforgettable so right now I'm driving
to my mom's house to get my Natalia
shirts on my villain glasses because
when I'm gonna break my fans I felt like
when the fans come up to me and I prank
him I feel like picture is not enough I
want to give them some villain gear so
that's what I'm gonna do and if you want
to get your villain gear the link is in
the description below but if you ran
into me today you might get you know you
will get some free gears so Brandon and
I right now you know running some
errands I already worked out another day
of diet everything is going absolutely
fabulous about to move to the new house
next week already it's gonna be hard to
say goodbye to that apartment so many
memories in that little apartment
but anyways it stings so yeah anyways
I'm about to head to the college bring
some people I'm actually shooting two
pranks today so hopefully I'll get them
done and what else we got today let's
say just editing working another gem
session damn your boy is working hard I
love this 60-day transformation and I'm
not planning to stop right after it nope
I'm not planning to stop it alright
let's do this alright guys so just get
to my mom's place
and I'm actually giving her two new
iPhone not the iPhone 6s my old iPhone 6
she really wants it so I'm gonna give
that to her but before that I'm gonna
prank her because she's an iPhone 5 this
is another iPhone 6 but she's not gonna
be able to tell and this is phone
completely broken completely so I'm
gonna ask her to see her phone and then
throw it against the ground and smash it
with my foot and see her reaction so
this is a broken iPhone completely
doesn't work
yep and then I'm gonna give her the box
one and she's looking in the window
right now my car homina yeah Mary this
water look good ready oh you ready look
loo want you you want to restore what it
is what are you taking this off
ah what do you mean what am i taking one
off are you taking my phone well you
need any more yeah I have it I did you
want for you use it anymore you don't
need the phone anymore I got a new one
sorry
why you grateful for that's your phone
why your brain you ready
oh yeah pictures in there
oh it was really broken I didn't move
into the house I feel so bad are you
gonna you have to bring me some are you
almost really about to cry where you see
yous are serious congratulations in the
nice box for you yeah I read it because
I'm so sorry - oh yeah if you want to
baby
so what you want to restore put
everything in here of course okay you
don't have to do right
don't break my phone so my mom is
filling up these giveaways for the fans
yeah I just got 10 bucks 10 is enough
and the other ones you can give me the
regular bag okay then we have to put
with different sizes in HIV is you know
it's okay Oh need you okay okay
actually that's good put all mediums I
think they need a large will switch it
perfect Hey so were you guys just
watching me thinking like that yeah I
can find awesome as yeah it's a nice day
on campus I don't know we just
definitely make it out with some girls
actually kissing I don't want to make I
getting older I feel like Tong Tong is
too much now so anyways thanks for
watching tell you guys thanks for
everything to you yeah I think so they
said ago all right guys all right guys
we're here at the college and we're
getting some awesome reactions looks
like we're actually finishing this video
finally tonight I'm gonna today I'm
gonna get it done editing tonight and
upload and probably a couple days so yes
this prank is gonna be awesome it's a
whole style of Italian kissing girls
Batali
but if you're a guy and you're watching
this is gonna teach you a lot of things
this is not a right person is that right
Christian is that right Brennan not
ha doesn't need to be taxing else he's
got it oh yeah so yeah having fun here
waiting for our targets we got one
alright guys here we are again do this
so we're heading to Starbucks right now
to get a nice little black coffee with
no sugar shit
yeah Oh Lilly we finish it oh sorry no
milk no sugar what I get at Starbucks
let me tell you black medium coffee with
a shot of expresso no sugar no milk nice
and lean so yeah we finally finished the
prank I'm so happy the Sun is actually
going down so we finished it right on
time right now we're going to go home
I'm going to edit it but the days not
over someone have logged more for you so
I don't know what we're gonna do my mom
is already wants to come in and move she
wants to start packing from him like no
you're not answering my apartment
without my permission
you know like Oh
that's her that's right
dear funnel
you got it Hey hi he's on it
hey hey hey so my mom came over she
bought moving boxes she's done
ain't she brought those two iPhones so I
can sync them but she really just came
over to get her new iPhone not to fold
the box so you're gonna be moving to
apartments you brought me oh look at
them shoulders Wow
all right oh that's see I keep keep it I
keep my shirt on just because I'm gonna
do a 60 actually next week is gonna mark
30 days of my progress you're gonna take
a picture before and 30 days 30 days
next week yep 30 more days and I have
continued this diet and workouts I'm
gonna have a house so I can put on DVD
on and do jumps whatever so it's gonna
be a lot of fun they're my neighbors
okay and you change challenges Colin
just everyone see your funny
hi guys I'm gonna go edit the new prank
aren't so guys for the last couple hours
have been editing this prank this is a
sneak preview I edit them Final Cut X if
you can ask me what program I use so
this is it I'm gonna add music tomorrow
and I gotta sharpen up this is just a
rock god flash the video looks good
I can't wait to release it I'm super
excited and yeah tomorrow I want to play
around with it more and then upload it
so not tomorrow probably in two days
let me see yeah I'm super excited to
release this video oh and I'm hyping up
a lot but watch out
the best hey guys you know it's ready
the next morning I'm here for my workout
and I'm gonna show you a couple moves
what we do I want to bring the camera in
with me because I read the comments and
you guys asked me if I want to see you
work out well here it goes a sneak peek
you're about to see but today I woke up
sore not sore from the body actually
sore throat I don't know it's swollen
right here but it's not gonna stop me
from being energized my vlogs it's not
gonna stop me from motivating you guys
and it's not gonna stop me from being
here today so I'm bringing you today
Alex's Mandela's party is actually later
today which is going to be tomorrow's
vlog but here are some of the workout
moves what we do before this vlog ends
because you guys wanted to see let's go
Oh
to
Oh
alright guys so this is the kitchen
where we all eat breakfast program
through breakfast here but sometimes we
do
Sabra this is my workout buddy we look
at this this is like a rehab for working
out we got express stuff we got tea the
best tea the best coffee espresso we got
protein shakes any kind you want
we got pre-workout we got forks and
spoons honestly whatever you want is
here we got an ice machine
we got a blender this is a rehab for
getting your shape this is awesome and
the energy is great so let me get my
breakfast I'm glad I got to vlog some of
my workouts and you guys can check it
out yeah so driving home right now all
my throat finally feels better because I
drink some hot tea instead of a
pre-workout I didn't want to drink a
pre-workout this morning and I feel much
better driving home I'm gonna end this
vlog to start a new one so thank you
guys again for coming back and being
faithful thank you so much for watching
and don't forget to give it a big thumbs
up around the corner moving in with my
mom to do some epic epic epic vlogs so
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow
I love
what's he done Hey look if you haven't
been out the dam it was shit excuse as
you see it's an amazing event more
importantly it amazing group people come
on show support it up
where are you waiting shout out bill I
wasn't
