what's up my valence whoa thank you God
for another beautiful day and why am I
so happy because I'm getting in shape I
haven't been drinking I've been living a
healthy lifestyle I've been getting
brains done I've been getting vlogs done
it feels so much better to be productive
and be healthy and just you know make
your mom proud make your friends sprouts
so it feels really really really good
and to be honest I don't want to go into
that crappy lifestyle back to that
crappy lifestyle sure I'll drink here
and there but not as I used to so
anyways let's start this beautiful day
today I already worked out at 7 in the
morning I'm going to the gym right now
because we got to run at 7 p.m. with
Kevin Hart and usually I lift at night
but we're only gonna run tonight so I'm
gonna get three workouts done tonight my
beach body in the morning my lifting in
afternoon and running at night you guys
gonna come with us and between running
and lifting we're gonna go prank some
fans all right guys so thank you again
for coming back and let's start this
vlog I guess I hope the villains step
ahead let's
is baby yeah see you guys all oh oh I
got the wrong sample it should be flat
right here
so you guys gonna have to probably wait
another week maybe maybe less but he had
this tricky flat this so yeah so I send
the company back and they're gonna print
another one and yeah all right guys so
we're supposed to be filming and we
actually started driving to go film but
I realized that it's 4:00 p.m. right now
college is probably out there's not
going to be many students but tomorrow
we're actually filming the girl prank
there and so I decided to go there extra
early so I can finish two pranks in one
day and I'm for sure finishing up and
I've been talking a lot about it but
I'll promise you guys just hang with me
I got and it's blah I just realized I
just realized it's October Halloween
Montt
scare pranks I'm gonna bang those out
for sure so uh yeah you guys excited for
Halloween what's your plans huh but yeah
I'm gonna do a lot of pranks but anyways
before Kevin Hart run guess where
Brendan made me stop Walmart and why
that we could about the technics to
target next to our place but now we have
to travel this is a Walmart and they may
have skate parks and other famous
selection Walmart and comes in by the
so Walmart didn't have tactics very
disappointing I knew I shouldn't drove
here but this is actually a mall and I
think they might have them at Toys R Us
and another fail it's long boards it's
not the boards where you do tricks with
huh what I failed it well it's not a
failed day because I got to work out
Saudi and we're gonna rub with given
heart so it's not a fail its failed for
Brendon yeah I don't know what made you
want to come to Walmart I don't I
haven't been to Walmart in years but oh
well alright guys don't forget to put my
wind protector and I don't know how the
sound is gonna be if it's gonna be good
or not but we got here right here this
is all the people right there for super
early ads actually filming for Kevin
Hart today and he says you're gonna get
us two wristbands I don't know what
they're for but I hopefully I get a
dough picture with Ed with Kevin Hart
while I'm running so anyways I'm here
and we're gonna go check in and we're
gonna go over there so I don't know how
the sound quality will be so don't kill
me guys but I do have the wind
protectors on my house and I completely
forgot and I feel super guilty but oh
well Brenda you're excited bro
thanks for coming out we're gonna kill
it we're gonna keep up so it's supposed
to be I thought it's gonna be a wind
it's not that bad right now so Ed's
filming this Kevin Hart he's actually
interviewing Kevin Hart right now and
it's all
listen to me when I break the finish
line I'm gonna catch up to Kevin Hart
and you better take a dope picture so
add if you don't villains are gonna
destroy you but not really I'm kidding
but seriously I want a joke picture I
had and but yeah we're here motivation
right here I can't wait to run 5 so with
it
what is 5k that's three miles thirty
point one that's what we'll look it up
so three miles are now non-stop don't
work out for the day motivation people I
love it I love this healthy lifestyle
isn't gentleman very special host the
Nike+ Ronco golden run tonight are you
ready with categorisation today
I'm gonna get it I like y'all can do
better than that this is my first
nighttime
Scott is so much better ah we started
the group we finished as a group you
hear me out like we do not leave one
another we will finish as a group I
always say this and I mean it
I do not leave until everybody has
crossed that finish line okay I got
stuck the two people you hear me don't
take all day I got stuff to do
don't you take three days to get cross
the finish line as I can't leave I got
my kids out here they got school
tomorrow if you do this you take long
the medicine up me and my kids like you
understand that people it's not about
who finishes first or who finished flat
it's simply about you taking the first
step in the right direction to a
healthier lifestyle to a better
lifestyle I believe in that lifestyle I
put my actions behind my words that's
why you see me out here I get no reward
I get no medal all I did is the
self-satisfaction doing something and I
put my mind to be frank with me - desi
start as a group and we will be great
the crew with FBX I'm ready to run me
some noise I'm a half dogs already alone
Str contenders lack motivation
look at this kid outrun you can't catch
up to OSU
I'll forget the last time I ran oh say
another circle only halfway there not
stop it that's done no place I don't
give up I'm gonna make you till then oh
stop it I don't care
I'm tired there's knee hurts but I'm not
gonna stop I'm like you're right
yeah
we got ahead on camera
yeah now guys this was totally worth it
Kevin Hart comes through seed I
recommend you doing
you are in fence row
Hey look if you haven't been out the dam
it would shake skin as you see it's an
amazing event more importantly it made
the group put it up where are you a
shout out bills how was it it's pretty
tiring but um yeah like I did is my
first time running three miles ever ever
not ever treadmill but that's doesn't
how I get on the ground stops this is my
first time running with out of stuff
Kevin Hart does motivate you weeks
alright yeah you wanted to stop can't
stop won't stop blue so we got back to
the car and I just want to thank Kevin
Hart for giving a villains too huge
shout out motivating the subscribers and
this was awesome I haven't not ran
outside three miles ever in my life this
was my first time I didn't stop once I
thought I'm going to cut up with Kevin
Hart but I wasn't I was like a quarter
of the way Brandon killed it we both
killed it this was definitely a
motivation and while it was really
really awesome I feel great my third
workout for the day done I can't wait to
show you my 60-day results I just cannot
wait thank you for all the comments let
me know what you guys think about this
vlog and yeah gonna go home and eat some
lamb chops hi guys it's the next morning
I already worked out and actually with
your cardio and we did cardio with
dumbbells and I got an awesome free
shirt right here yesterday run with
heart from Nike so thank you how would
you guys enjoyed this vlog more to come
thank you guys so much for your support
I feel healthier than ever
please come back tomorrow for more funny
blogs and funny adventures don't forget
to thumbs up if you're a true villain
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
and I don't have any underwear on right
now so yeah let's do daya because I'm
thinking about going back to shine a
spider on you I swear to god he's right
there I swear to God he's under there I
saw him cross bar you should do is that
a
