what's up villains I'm starting this
vlog where I ended it yesterday right
here in my car driving right now to get
the Rolex thing to change my Rolex see
if I can get another one hopefully
without any price differences so I'll
just get a fair trade and if I get that
I'll be excited I'm getting also check
for the house writing writing a check
today so I'm getting the house for sure
my mom and I are moving in it's
officially going to be a crazy insane
house and a whole bunch of people
texting me thinking like this is awesome
this is great so really really really
happy about this you know and yeah we'll
see what we're gonna get out of it
so what's today today I was supposed to
go film but I think I'm running out of
time some of it from tomorrow so I'm
gonna hit the gym again like always eat
healthy just kind of same routine I
would say but yeah I'm super excited
about the Rolex and see what's up and my
new iPhone I'm gonna play with it today
better snapchats
better instagrams better everything so
yeah let's go getting back to my car and
guess what I got yep and not one but two
tickets to freaking tickets god dammit
mmm oh my god I swear they hand out
these tickets like free water hi guys so
I officially got the house yes it sounds
crazy I signed the papers I got a house
I'm super excited I don't know what's
going through my feelings but yeah it's
gonna be all for a good positive change
so thank you guys for being part of this
move because the vlogs are about to
start hardcore because I'm gonna be with
my mom we're gonna have an awesome
relationship and you know what's awesome
about it is that you are guys starting
from the beginning of this journey of
this crazy mom and son relationship and
we're gonna grow together be stronger
and we're about to kill this YouTube
game let's go I we just got to read a
word drive with my boy Brendon
a little roll ugh yeah we decided you
know he's been so nicely so we're gonna
do is he's gonna chain his Rolex to give
me its new one or whatever so really
yeah that's what you said maybe if
you're good enough yeah I'll give you my
old one I mean not if you're good enough
maybe if you deserve maybe if you're
like my pants see if you will behave if
I what if you're well-behaved
all right okay yes sir yes Daddy yes
Father yeah
so yeah we're here at the birthday of
famous drive it's a rodeo drive what is
it like at the richest Plaza in the
world wait where it's like you guys play
the video you get is like these walk
sorry but these watches like cost what
like half a million dollars a watch I'm
not sure but for everybody who plays
Grand Theft Auto five God look over here
now pan over here right here is the
first jewelry heist that you have to do
oh yeah Wow hardcore new so there look
at you yes Mike my favorite anyways I
think they say about this Plaza that
this is like the richest Plaza not the
richest like it's the all the most
expensive stores in the world combined
in one Plaza so yeah there's a store
here to make a reservation is like
$3,000 to go shopping you have to pay I
don't know it's like here
yeah I wasn't a tourist up but hey if we
want to buy Rolex all we have to do is
just rub this truck know should we do it
I got this bad boy that's what I was
thinking to get before my Jaguar buy I
didn't but this is some Big Boss crap
check this out mm-hmm
wait wait he just said it's owned by the
owner of that store
inaudible see very famous or you own
stores on verdere drive you drive cars
like that I only made it we just
actually walked by all the way over
there and I was like I thought this
store is gone but how can roll eggs be
gone it's right here alright so they
don't trade or buy watches they told me
to go to Philips it's like another story
here so I don't know I'm thinking about
going but yeah let's see what the value
of this let's see if it's still the same
price as I bought it for and if it's not
there's no way they're getting my watch
but if they do a mine give it to them
and go trade it buy it for another one
so just got home and yeah they wanted to
give me half of what my watch worth and
I bought it like not even eight months
ago eight months ago
so anyways doesn't matter I'm gonna keep
it but I'm gonna head to the gym right
now Brendan's gonna go run and then
we're gonna have to I want to do
something fun actually wanted to go to
Walmart
why cuz our tech begs bro both broke
we're done look they believe is there
any good movies out oh yeah so I got
this one and they don't care about the
broke man we got I think we're getting
so good alright anyways ah so I got home
from an epic workout and I'm sure you
guys want to see my dinners because
usually I show you snacks or dessert
which is this is my dessert today snacks
and couple berries a little hop on
orange this is my dinner everybody this
is my beautiful dinner guys alright so
as you already know it's the next day I
went to my workout this morning and
tonight we're actually running with a
Kevin Hart which is going to be in the
next vlog and we're only running with
Kevin Hart but I want to lift weights so
right now I'm gonna go to the gym and
then we're gonna go film and then run so
I'm having a three workouts no
hmm yeah that's pretty well but for you
what it's pretty crazy because you know
he'll wake about 7:00 in the morning
right away leave go to the is a whole
meal plan work out thing then come back
and then late in the day we'll go work
out and that's the end of the day so
twice I'll go but today he's telling me
not to go save my energy forgiven hard
I've got a Kevin Hart man
so yeah tonight tonight we're riding
with Kevin Hart which will be in the
next vlog so please come back tomorrow
guys yeah Brendan's been doing good he's
been running you guys all nice comments
lovely comments and so uh yeah thank you
guys so so so much and I also want to
know your plants because I think I'm
gonna be going to the bye I'm actually
gonna take my mom so I want to know your
winter plans can you comment below and
let me know what you guys do in your
winter break this year are you gonna
spend your years where you gonna spend
it and where should I spend my New
Year's also say what's your for winter I
wish that my years because I'm thinking
about going back to shine on spider on
dude I swear to god he's right there
he's here I swear to god he's under
there I saw one cross bar you shit dude
is that a Frankie oh wow
now I know other girls spell to that
brain holy crap you know with like this
total wuss wuss but I was like a big
point of inspire that bigger like poison
spider or like those thin one I guess
apparently there's a spider in my house
oh great how many watching my show
tonight or
I'm gonna be chilling in the couch don't
forget to come back tomorrow thank you
so much for watching and I'll try to run
up to Kevin Hart and tell them to say
what's up to the villains alright guys
so I'll see you guys tomorrow
that's it idea are you fucking kidding
me it's broken it smell
give me this spray I'm gonna spray it in
your room motherfucker if it's gonna
smell like always here are you kidding
me no
