what is up guys what's up villains mama
say what's up hey hey what's up yeah
what's up ah so anyways I just got to my
mom's house the first thing in the
morning after workout and yeah look my
medulla look how happy she wasn't so I
came here to sign the papers for the
house and check my credit report for
them to approve the house so we're gonna
do that today I still was 50/50 about
moving in but I know I should move in I
know it's gonna open up so many doors
you know the vlog is gonna be much much
better quality um I will be probably
posting a lot of pranks finally you do
my show are the dogs what oh that's what
she wants me to live in her serve and
she goes out after watch the dog ah I
see what just I see what you did there
so anyways Missoula Mattila
lovey baby tea - tea - tea - - mmm today
Brennan and I gonna be filming
construction Frank we're gonna finally
finish it up and post it for you guys on
the main channel I'm just gonna go crazy
today I drink the double expresso
pre-workout I'm ready to go oh I'm ready
to attack for the best reactions ever
all right so uh yeah we got some good
news before I went out to prank
we got a proof for the house and we
actually my mom's like you should come
here during the day you should come here
during the day and she was right during
the day it looks so much even better
than ever you look so much energy light
the bar this is the bar I'm not going to
show you the whole house again but let's
check out the kitchen
yeah this house is huge I'm so happy I'm
getting this actually right now look at
this kitchen
the kitchen is have enough they lied
though it's a good no it does actually
yeah actually yeah hey mom can you show
me my room you're not gonna hear
anything because you have a bar over
here yeah damn this is nice mine is
smaller I need to up oh I think we're
gonna share a closet because they have
so much stop what look at you have to
share I'm going to use this closet for
myself in that take over half of yours
because of my what closet oh because it
has all my stuff
hmm interesting
you like you know I love real huh what's
the thrill smell because it's so what
did you poop
you surely Oh disgusting sorry it's your
room too
it's forever it's the smell are you
fucking kidding me
it's fun it's smell give me this spray
I'm gonna spray it in your room
motherfucker
if it's gonna smell like always here are
you kidding me we didn't even move in
yeah then we just started this shit
you're gonna elevator like we spray wow
it smells so bad it's fine I'm sorry are
you peeing it doc no yeah with the hood
to the house yet well now you want to
live with me ah yo Brandon yeah I uh can
you go on my mum's bedroom for a second
go and see see if you hear some noises
are you ready oh yeah
did you hear you hey could you keep it
down please
did you Gerry oh yes serious looks like
ya'll knob into the house I can just put
an arm around the mouth it's fine
no you get your prefers just go home
from brink anyway and kinda alright I
think I'm gonna give up on the spring
because everybody knows I'm just messing
around and stuff so I'm gonna move on
tomorrow on the next one russian hitman
where it's actually gonna work because
we already finished half of the video
but my snake is some sunflower seeds and
some beets before I go to the gym so
after I come back from the gym I'm
actually gonna go get a new iPhone 6s
we'll try to and hopefully they have
color pink thinking and I'm gonna trade
my Rolex cuz Rolex is done drop valleys
you know I heard that so I will see you
today if I can trade for another Rolex
for the same price and I think it's
gonna be really fun let's go guys it's
the next thing guess what I'm not ending
the vlog we passed out last night we
stayed all these things we're gonna do
when you do it but guess what we're
doing them right now so finish my
workout eight hour awesome breakfast I'm
headed to the mall right now to get my
new iPhone 6s and I'm gonna trade my
Rolex this was actually my first time
shooting the Rolex I'm sure you guys
seen in the club's before but I'm like
showing off and stuff so uh yeah I'm
gonna go and trade drew Rolex for
hopefully another one and let me give
you a little motivational speech about
the role it is I'm like what do you have
to do for a living to get Rolex one day
like I seen all these people wearing
Rolex is when I was like in high school
like not in school like outside of
school like I would go to like dinners
and stuff on a big cloud this is just
watch like super expensive blah blah
blah blah blah
and guess what two or three years later
I'm wearing a Rolex so if you believe it
you will achieve it
I'm just serious you guys think all I
can never afford a Lamborghini I will
never be able to drive a Lamborghini I
don't have a Lamborghini right now but I
might have it next year or in two years
so I don't I think it's stupid right now
for me to buy a Lamborghini or two
leases so if you work hard enough and
you believe in your dreams you can
totally achieve it so Brenda's been
super positive too right yeah yeah you
play tell them you always do doubt
yourself
yeah I kind of a while ago um I think a
lot of yous remember
we're doing the natural born pranksters
during the movie I was really big and I
was drinking a lot I was definitely
borderline alcoholic and um I stopped
drinking I lost 40 pounds and um the
thing that really pushed me was um I
always thought like I can't do this I
can't I can't
the reason I can't do this is because of
this this this and I never thought of
the reason why I could I never thought I
always thought I can't I can't I never
thought I can I can maybe I can and you
tried it and you lost 40 pounds I try
too much drink anymore I'm fighting with
and you're yeah you haven't all of these
awesome job opportunities now yeah
you're coming in yep and yeah just need
to ride a roller coaster that's the last
thing maybe maybe come with me okay
coming cute coming to theaters near you
who are you with right now a TNC of
supporting alright so we left Apple and
since I have AT&T and I'm an upgrade I
can pay for the phone like $400 instead
of being a full price for a thousand and
I don't have any problems with AT&T so I
don't plan leaving them for the next two
years so I don't mind signing another
contract for two years and getting the
phone for $400 instead of a thousand so
that will see me $600 so I'm gonna go
right now across the street right there
into AT&T and find out and same to you
guys go before you buy the phone make
sure you see feel and operate and you
can save some money
here you go babies mm-hmm
I'm gonna know if you do the thing
they're like you're getting your phone
on you are you shaking the bug I guess
that wasn't healthy for the phone oh
thank you that's cute not yesterday she
okay about yeah I'm ready so what are we
doing right here babies there it is you
good focus it's focused on you better
snapchats now
hi guys got my brand-new iPhone right
here with a new cover with the face
screen just in case if I drop it I don't
want to break it and I'm gonna give this
old iPhone to my mom and she's super
super excited so yeah guys I'm gonna
finish this vlog up and if you guys want
to see what happens to the Rolex make
sure you check out tomorrow's vlog so
yeah don't forget to come back tomorrow
don't forget to give it a big thumbs up
and thank you so much for watching I
really appreciate all your great
comments lately it motivates me to work
harder so yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow
that's it down here quick fix please you
serious I can't believe it
you gotta put that come on no cover no
pictures too
