what's up guys
sorry I got an L toy in my mouth
what's up villains we got Christian yo
we got Brennan on the camera the filming
just does not stop we're here what cat
camp what can you see us thisis us see
this is UFC us the USC saw we're here
trying to pick up some girls in a very
creative way and yo what scuse me
I don't know am i Vitaly yes can you ask
the past them you live right now ask
them
sweet tell you right ask the camera
don't look at me are you Batali
that's the pasta come hold on they have
to see you right here
look in the camera Sally are you Batali
let me see this they say it again
are you Vitaly yeah I'm Vitaly oh it's
32-bit what's up yeah crazy want to be
in the vlog I would love to be a slog
man hell yeah
City asked me are you vitally vitally
studies a man without make videos thanks
man though it means a lot you want to
take a picture selfie whatever you want
you you're my baby I'm your baby so it's
all good there we go
okay okay gonna be when your friends say
hi are you from Sweden because here you
go
what yeah picture number my phone hi
guys we got kind of what we wanted
here's the actually we pranked some
girls and we pranked some fans here's a
sneak peek of me being douchebag to my
fans and obviously it's a prank
so here enjoy some clips yeah what's up
what's up dude I had like four people
trying to take a picture I know I just
saw that I know dude I'm like I'm sorry
your shares out a blog like that bro
like that dude it's like damn I'm sorry
man it's like it's like picture up the
picture
pay me I'll take as many pictures as you
want with you sorry bro dude because no
actually they means that were actually
being mean to fans
quick quick pictures please you serious
gotta put that come on no come on no
pictures to the outside you want to take
a Pew come take a picture when you step
on my foot and stuff and you're trying
to match and like yeah I don't know I'm
just I'm having a bad day but huh
for what what do you need it for it you
want to jerk off to it you want to put
it under your pillow and jerk off to it
I have so many pictures on the Facebook
you can be taken and you can download it
print it put it on your wall five bucks
I need five bucks for a drink I'm
kidding we're actually filming for the
main channel video the section rank I'm
being mean I hoped you guys enjoyed
those reactions those reactions were
actually an extra footage they're not
main channel footage all the main
channel footage is on my computer in a
separate folder for the main channel so
whatever I put on here don't worry I'm
not gonna put on my major that means
like it's throwaway clips something that
I don't think is good enough so right
now we're headed back to the car cuz we
got 15 minutes left on the meter in LA
you gotta pay for every everything
pretty much everything so I'm gonna call
my mom right now and see if we can sign
that deal for that house they're one of
my credit history there was too much
informations too much hustle you know
what I'm hungry and I already ate my
lunch but everybody keeps telling me the
results are good thanks for some of you
come and see the same my jawlines come
in there and I'm looking sexy thank you
thank you thank you thank you and I
appreciate you
you guys are motivating me to work a
little harder workout lift just chicken
arms what about my job
Hey hmm so we got home guys and I went
to the gym as always
Brendan cleaned up a little bit and we
got some good news so first of all let
me ask you something let me know if this
prank is worth the main channel where
prank my fans because the fans get to be
on the main channel I think it wins the
ones what do you think Brendan I think
it's a great prank great idea
easy I do so it was so funny and
customers and it's so simple but I want
the fans to like you know react because
I know you know I know I'm trying to be
funny and I am funny but like I'm
cheating but you know it's like I want
people to not just be called sorry sorry
so anyways but this is my dessert so I
ate fish for dinner this is my dessert
berries
and uh some nuts so this is my dessert I
got some berries I only got some raw
almonds and then I got some good news
brand I can fit in the shirt that he
couldn't fit before
so when Brenna came here he couldn't fit
when Bennett came here he couldn't fit
in this button-up shirt and now he can
Bryan I wanted to show them so they can
believe it okay
Hey look at that let me see turn around
dude when you came here you literally
couldn't put the shirt on
Yoshi show what passport picture no oh
my god you look great papi Thanks 46
like 45 days left you ready Danny I
gotta lose the most thing I can hey the
other day because it wouldn't have
anything to eat here you wanted to get a
sandwich I said I will slap the crap out
of you if you eat a sandwich and the
food like he said he would slap the food
I we should do it as a prank what do you
think I told him if you gets any food in
front of me I will slap the food like no
matter from a nice restaurant which I
won because I'm on my diet no matter if
he has like a even sugar-free Red Bull
or anything anything about water water
and lean food so anyways Kevin Kevin
Burke invited me to this party we're
going tonight
it's a supposed to be a lot of youtubers
miners out
but guess what your boys not drinking
your boys going sober we're gonna go and
have a good time and go to bed early
because guess what's tomorrow
7:00 a.m. workout Thank You Ronnie hell
yeah my of course they know you're a
drink if I don't drink I yeah of course
baby
he's together anyways all your comments
guys inspire us thank you for all the
law thanks very seeing results and
thanks for everything
tell me your workout some of your goals
what are you like I can't wait to be
ripped lean like I want to be lean like
I want to lose the bottom of my stomach
fat I always had when I sit down like my
man titties but you know what I'm not
gonna talk about it you know why because
we have a before video professionally
shot at the studio how depressed I am
and how I'm all like blah blah blah blah
blah so when the 60 days comes you guys
are gonna see it
mm-hmm and I'm not giving up and for who
doubted me once again you don't doubt
the tally oh yeah so much for going out
and going to Walmart and going to this
party huh who passed out guys I'm sorry
yeah it was a rough night - working out
- twice a day up at 7 a.m. you know so
anyways tomorrow's vlog is gonna be fun
I'm actually gonna finish this
construction video because I'm tired of
it coming back with barely any reactions
I'm gonna go nuts I drink
yeah well you will watch it in the next
vlog I drink a couple expressos I'm good
to go I'm wired I feel healthy I just
signed the papers for the house I hope
you guys are doing absolutely fabulous
my eyes matches my shirt how can you
think eating you better buy anyway sorry
I can go on and on and on
don't forget to thumbs out this log
thank you so much for watching on these
daily blogs and comment back and showing
old this daily support I'll love you
guys thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow
let's do dine you know Sarah unexpected
interview can you get pregnant from a
blowjob I just wanted to ask you a
question unexpected interview
