good morning guys how you doing in my
day off today and I just came from the
workout and I forgot to say what's up
villains another day with Brendan and I
and guess what a special guest here I
don't know if we should wake him up Oh
sleep baby me when decided to stop for a
few days and yeah I decided I think I'm
gonna move in with my mom I'm gonna see
the house today again and I'm gonna sign
to offer and later I have a massage but
today I'm gonna free cups you guys are
ready cuz you're coming with me let's go
bring some cops
I know Lucy's days
what are you doing here smelling your
selling yourself
farcry behind let's take a picture
excuse me oh we're doing honey we're
doing unexpected interviews what's that
okay can you get pregnant from a blowjob
no we can't okay
unexpected interview can you get
pregnant from a blowjob I just wanted to
ask you a question I'm here trying to
get a taxi right there and I got right
there he doesn't want to take me because
we have to go like a mile away so this
is why you call an uber guys screw taxis
especially this company right here
that's his number you're supposed to
take people he's like oh I'm taking
around the corner
Yeah right that's his job is to take us
that's what you call over dude next week
all over my car got a call over now he's
leaving unexpected interview unexpected
incident you ready if we can't drink and
drive why do bars at parking lots
no hi everybody's an adult so I think
they try to treat everybody's
responsible citizen what's the hope that
whatever you do responsible what about
if you if you pee in a girl's spot does
it present any algorithm I can't answer
it
are you I'm amazing you're amazing thank
you five thanks expected to do so we
came here today to prank cops and half
of the police actually have their
handcuffs on my wrists before
do you recognize from the video from the
abusing demand can print the music woman
in front of cops prank
yeah half of these cops know me I don't
even want to go up to them because
they're gonna be like you're that dude
that pranks in YouTube and all that so I
don't know it's next to Venice Beach
right now it's some festival I don't
know what this is there's a whole bunch
of people not that many cups of the
people I think I need a flight to New
York for this prank New York would be
perfect so we shot a couple of reactions
for the prank didn't go as planned
I got to go to New York for this type of
prank is the best prank in New York all
the cops are there anyways heading home
right now back in the day guys I used to
shoot a full prank maybe in one day and
now it takes me a couple days cuz it's
getting harder I'm looking for specific
people cuz before was just girls and
guys and I on you find people who bags
now I need to find cops and now I need
to find orange people there's just all
these different things so it's really
hard but you
so back in the day she took me in one
day and now it takes me a couple days
that's why I know you guys probably
getting frustrated because I've been
saying so many times
oh the flaw and the vlogs I've been
saying all the breaks are coming the
prankster is coming the pranks are
coming yeah the pranks are company I'm
working on it hard and I think I'm
moving into that house if they approve
it I'm moving into that house with my
mom that's gonna be Silverlight Vitaly
yeah and I think I'm gonna buy I don't
know Ben thinks it's ridiculous but I
might buy a monkey for the house no I
greatly see that that's gonna be funny
monkey I guess thing a monkey yeah
monkey that's gonna be my but this is
gonna be my kid and maybe build a
halfpipe
in the back of a backyard and skate
every day so yeah anyway set your home
right now getting a massage final that
good deep tissue massage and no happy
endings this time and yeah let me know
if I should get my iPhone six tomorrow's
the new 6s everybody's telling me to get
it because I'm like an influencer or I'm
always on social media Twitter snapchat
I need it for all that so maybe I'll get
a new iPhone 6s and give this one to my
mom yeah mom you're gonna get a new
phone
also speaking of monkeys um yeah the
town wants to get a monkey for his place
like a look one of those little monkeys
were like for my shoulder so I bought
that hi something funny you know but um
oh I'm good I'm getting ready to go to
massage you are speaking of monkeys guys
check this out is this too much too much
almost a place that you know
before hi I'm here for my appointment
show me - sure come with the banana yeah
yeah yeah yeah hi guys I'm heading to
massage super excited I want to have
massage 90 minutes after these crazy
workouts those 22 minute hardcore
workouts whoa
I gotta get my back you gotta get my bag
deep nice little tissue
so anyways I'm headed to the massage
NEMA it's at Robin Thicke's house yeah
he's a cool guy new high school robin
thicke house anyway so we're yeah and
Brandon's gonna go shopping for his food
cuz these things staying healthy
everybody's noticing he's losing weight
I got a little bit of that with Michelle
Brad Pitt Chris Pratt oh yeah but thank
you guys for your only motivation and
great comments that gives me going
forward I appreciate all your support so
thank you so much and yeah these lungs
are about to be crazy if I get approved
for that house and then Leonardo
DiCaprio - oh my god was that reality I
just escaped from the world for an hour
and a half that was the most awesome
thing ever I've been to a lot of massage
places and Andy thank you for referring
this one holy crap she broke me deep it
sounded kind of not yeah she broke me
deep yeah yeah she really did nah it was
a great massage we're gonna sleep good
tonight and then guess what's tomorrow
7:00 a.m. workout got to do what I got
to do what's up guys it's currently the
next day and just finished my workout as
always so hopefully you guys have a
great week
I am currently gonna go fill and sign
the papers for the house so catch me in
tomorrow's vlog thank you for coming
back and giving all the love in the
comments and all the thumbs-up
thank you guys and yes I'll see you guys
tomorrow
let's see diner
