mmm look at those two beautiful
brand-new phone to find out who on the
phones make sure to watch to the end of
the vlog and find out who won
good luck what out villains welcome to
another vlog I'm studying early gym
squat rack but you know why because this
guy said it what's up Joey Joey my men
shall repay me betray me
for Miami training it's a little better
likely to grow the results are coming in
too slow needa go tell some men right
that's it all right so what are we doing
over to where we're doing today
full-body whole body workout we're going
to squat we're going to definitely gonna
bench master going to start out with God
1 rep max on our squad we'll see what
vitality Scotland and I already did a 40
minute cardio in the morning on an empty
stomach now I just had breakfast now
it's time to work out which is I'm how
much how much weight are we're talking
about twelve five speed up oh four oh
five speed art
let's go let me see you boy
the bar is going to break bro you guys
are probably like Batali let me see your
squad
relax am I ready to try your luck squash
I mean I could do host like 185 I don't
know I do need a nap I need a booty for
Miami everything for Miami
Jake a little pie plate bro what are you
doing I should try five plates
light weight light weight I
I can make one is up 10 benchpress kind
of that whatever that machine's go step
slide
I'm push-ups till killer
good
cymbals out but
let's go push push let's go finish
finish
so I had an awesome workout and now
picked up my boy Tony and we're shooting
a new prank it involves gasoline can I'm
not going to tell you what it is I did a
video lighting myself on fire but not
that's nothing close to what we're going
to do today so we're here post it up in
this parking lot and I know people right
there I say I'm gonna get these two
people right there we're go ahead oh god
oh god oh god
you have to death I'm asking the help of
my car so we're driving around right now
looking for people victim number one
that was a great reaction great reaction
Tony says that look like I'm fishing
it's efficient if I just park my car and
I look for the bright target any wait no
you wait and I can judge people by their
face a lot of people ask me how you know
you're not going to do this I can just
look judge by the same so I can see this
guy would call the cops
this guy would probably knock me out but
a knockout would be good more views
right these days
this is the buffer they are fucked the
ping him over here a 6-3 I'm sorry I ate
6-3 these people just hit me they were
old and I felt that for they give me
like he took a circle of my paint off
like a little circle like I am being a
crybaby about it because I never knocks
I got hit in this car and just like
there was no paint off so I was like
what did I say I was like oh like I
don't want to go through the insurance
let me just take a picture of your
insurance to think it's a bit expensive
it's 300 bucks all people I just know
I'm not giving you my insurance I'm not
let me find out how much pay for it you
get my number I was looking here you're
never going to answer your number like
and then it's tried the way they try to
tell me that cuz they're told it's all
about something Genesis there and new
car I saw the old guy look back then she
she hold she held us hostage she tried
to block my car she tried to block my
car and tell me tell me oh I need your
name I need your insurance and I just
got actually got a ticket in the two
previous vlogs it's got a ticket for not
having not having sure it's not the cop
let me go because anyhow my insurance a
card I actually ordered it so I don't
know
long story short just all people should
be driving now they were very well
there's nothing against old people but
they were like like yo they might um she
says sorry my husband can't see really
good he can't get out the car yeah he
can't get out the car so big that's what
she says like my husband can get out the
car so I'm gonna deal with you can't get
out of the car and I'm I you should be
driving I mean
sorry about whatever what moves on I was
like let me just go thank you thank you
guys thank you god bless you
dr steve inside my house
wait
I gave me 160 community service hours
the judge did not set you free I promise
you have been cooking at home and I've
been fishing a lot but right now I'm
going to show you in case of emergency
in the middle of my filming that's what
I would do to help excellent now let's
get to the title park somebody stole my
Rolex yes so let me tell you this whole
story that happened and it's going to be
quite a long story
not really I'm going to keep it short
anyways when I was in Bahamas traveling
um all my cars got blocked completely
Tony's cars got locked my car's my
American Express my base of America
everything got blocked and I had to
verify in person like because I've been
traveling for so long so they had a
suspicious activity anyways I had your
money on me
I was drunk I'm not gonna lie I was
drunk I met some fans I was partying
with them we had a great time with
partying with them and you know I'm like
3 in the morning I'm drunk I'm like yo
let me get $1,000 cash I'll pay you back
tomorrow like I'll send you in PayPal
just let me get $1,000 cash and here's
it go you like weird about it that I'm
not going to give him the money back I'm
like bro just $1000 like I got you back
and so my dumb ass like oh I'm drunk at
the moment so blame it on a drunk Vitaly
that's why I haven't drink in 25 days
and I feel better than ever
I gave him my Rolex and I said listen
let's make a deal I'll give $1,000
tomorrow the day after through PayPal
and you're going to give me the watch
jido broad deal deal deal deal deal
Bahamas was three weeks ago four weeks
ago I still don't have my fucking watch
and I know who you are and I'm sure
you're probably watching this so let me
tell you something I when I went in LA I
ripped my nails off I ripped my hair to
send him that $1200 because PayPal
didn't work like PayPal had some issues
he wouldn't accept it blah blah blah
long story short the $1,200 to go
through him he doesn't want to give me
the watch back how do I know that
because all his friends because I got
a couple numbers from his friend all his
friends told me that bro but you will
never see your watch again he's not
going to give it to you back so I'm
making this video for you
and we talked yesterday you know who you
are I have your house number I have your
address and I have your cell phone
number and Instagram and pictures how
you look like five things so listen to
me you know what I give you a couple
warnings and your friend one of your
friends yesterday told me okay okay okay
Kate he's coming too late he's gonna
give you the watch son
by Sunday all right by Sunday so Sunday
I don't receive my watch and the watch
is more than just a Rolex it's more than
just money that watch means a lot to me
villains I'm sharing the story because
vlog life what happens in my life so
this is what's happening in my life
right now and it's not a catastrophe
obviously but I want that watch back
I hate feast that one thing I can't
stand is thief and he needs these lesson
learned so how you gonna get your lesson
learned if you don't give me a white
bike on day Monday I'm loading your
house number I'm uploading your house
number where you live with your mom and
you live with your mom I'm uploading a
house number two second strike I'm
uploading your cell phone third strike
I'm giving villains your uh your your
address and you live in Toronto and
guess what I have a lot of people in
Toronto requesting me to come but
unfortunately I can't get to Canada I
got so many families on my cam elpizo to
counter the butcher say he's gonna put
some swing so let me check my calendar
yet villains I'm just letting you know
my story my Rolex was gone and it meant
a lot to me
so villains if you got my back let me
know in the comments
I hate these we shook her hand went
sorry not right now I'm talking to the
villains so yeah we made a deal he's not
a man for that deal I gave him a $1,200
$1,200 day was about $1,200 back and he
didn't give me the watch doesn't take
that long to go and ship overnight the
watch I said I haven't paid for it
doesn't take long but bro bro bro no
excuses I'm a man of my word and you
will see Monday if I don't have my watch
anyway still is what's up I read all the
comments you sent me like most of the
99% but if you're not going to win these
two phones there's always next time
don't get mad I'm going to give away
Dillon has these villain hats right here
BAM
these Dillon has obviously not my not
used brand you have straight up the box
I'm going to give away three hats and
I'll let you guys know how the concert
is going to work but let's find out who
is the winner for the phones and once
again
don't get mad this year shut the fuck up
this year I'm planning to do a lot a lot
a lot of Giveaways I'm back I mean I've
been living a healthy lifestyle and I'm
going to you know share with you the
2017 is gonna be a good year already how
watch another pranking Awards what you
just uploaded relax
anyways let's see what the winner is
don't forget to turn on your post
notifications because YouTube is like
fucking up the I upload a video not a
lot of people see it it doesn't go on
their sub box blah blah blah blah all
the bullshit alright
anyways let's announce the winner all
right ready
the first one is going to be - ready
ready I'm going to go back and forth
back and forth lenses your name you want
oh that was close oh oh close ah ah ah
you won if your name was longer it would
have land on your name so I'll give you
that you won
dalia congratulation best party keep
cooking I'm so proud I also died of coal
tomorrow thanks for opportunity B Oh
congratulations if you're not going to
win this one don't be upset I'm going to
do more giveaways I got to give back
give you guys GoPros MacBooks and I'm
going to do like hopefully once a month
or maybe once every two months
but I'm also going to give hats away
right now so let me okay anyways let's
just pick another winner I'm sure you
guys station that is it a drumroll three
two one go whoa Oh BAM I'm not a winner
another winner another way or what names
pvp up first are giving you a citation
vitaliy shit no shit was nice
congratulations y'all white name cutie
make sure you send me a message because
you don't have an option to send you a
message in your profile I need your
address and names so yeah alright guys
thank you so much for watching the folks
please give this vlog a big thumbs up
and I'm giving away three villain hats
three villain hats and I'm gonna pick
the best comment tell me why you're a
villain what makes you a villain that's
the question of the day what makes you a
villain and let me know if you got my
back on that Rolex thank you so much
thank you for watching I love you
seriously give this log a big thumbs up
I'm going to see who is engaged more
engaged more chance you have to win
thank you guys
let's see done
