what's up villains I hope you guys all
doing absolutely fantastic what are we
doing today so actually a funny story
a Jaguar called me and they asked me
we're running low enough types can you
please come in and we can probably buy
out your car I'm like I don't think I'm
interested I'm like you know what I
should go ahead and do it let's see what
they're gonna give me for this car in
the blog so yeah definitely not gonna
sell it but they running low and eff
types and I don't know I do need a
bigger car for pranks because yeah it's
like my trunk is small it's only one
seat and I don't want to rent a car
every time maybe I should buy a second
car like a van like for just productions
and like make a nice little Red Bull
fridge in there you know like video
games I don't know or just a nice fuzzy
car with four doors I don't know but
then I'm actually going to a collective
because my bachelor show is finally
edited and ready I can't wait to see the
final cut of this and you guys should be
super super excited about it because I
did it for you it's about an hour and a
half it's a pranks sexiness cuteness and
just insane
so just get to Jaguar they're looking at
my car and yeah I walked inside and
there was a mom that recognized me
because her son 13 year old son watching
my videos and he's probably watching it
right now what's up Braden how are you
so I made a custom little iPhone video
frame hoped you enjoyed tell your mom to
fix your screen and yeah I wish you were
here did but anyways there's my baby
right there here's my waiver here is a
question of the day guys if I sell this
car back to them what should I get
and if I don't I'm thinking about
trading the f-type for the f-type coupe
it's actually has more horsepower and
it's sexier I don't think I like the
soft top anymore to be honest guys I
barely even put it down and I live in
California never rains let me know in
the comments what I should do so this is
the coupe guys what do you guys think I
don't know I don't I don't like the
color though but I do like the hardtop
check this out it's pretty sick what do
you guys think mmm
yeah this is a beast I'll probably get
in like another collar and I'm thinking
about getting this one just like Jagger
and they said they're gonna give me a
call back and let me know the price so
anyways uh yeah so let me know in the
comments for cars yet so right now I'm
gonna go pick up Brendan and go to
collector to check out that show cannot
wait wait wait for it all comes out it's
an hour and a half episode you guys can
enjoy it I promise you
subdued so yeah how are you kiss it kiss
my hand
okay just got to collective what's up
John say high-five what's up what's up
hey Gary hey what about the show tell
them what it's awesome geez I shot hey
this is this is oh yeah this is yeah
this is I don't know I I don't know what
to expect from those guys you remember
the show back in the day and they
finally edited I show him play ball
player it's too much needed he did so
good no go back
yeah press play alright so I saw this
thing hanging out right here I came in
and you know we were watching this show
and whatever and I saw you know oddly
thing and I looked at and I was like
dang that's this right here is an action
figure from the album bark at the moon
and so I asked you I was like you're
like is this your office he's like yeah
I'm like this is yours and he's like yet
he Gary says Gary yeah give him a kiss
on the cheek tell the bones the story
about this this is a gift to me from
Sharon Osbourne it's a collector's item
and why would you give it away I want to
give it to a more deserving yeah yeah
yeah hey like okay and do the thing
click present
ah hey Brenda two Christmas present
early Christmas Josie's - it's like that
song bark at the moon I can play that
song I can play this right now you can
play anything dude had an epic day at
the gym all my meals are gone and liquid
Brendan Brendan easy eating what are you
eating
it's a ground turkey lean ground turkey
and we just put hot sauce in it right
here we just put this like I'm totally
anyway you know what do for the law you
have to do for the vlog dude this is for
all this so bad for you no sauce is it
dude do you know how much we put on
before yo watch hold it okay cameras
here know all the cameras you see okay
yeah he's gonna destroy it on my shirt
on so you can't see my sexiness right
now to come all right all right man
you're gonna ruin it Jesus yeah well
maybe like I mean I maybe put like three
rounds of that dude you wanna come with
me I say this is so method this is a dog
food cat food all right let me try it
you know might it's a lot of sodium
probably so it's not good for diet I
aren't even scared to ride a roller
coaster but not scared of hot sauce well
okay
mmm that's a good one yeah pod right
yeah be my eyes water huh I'm jealous
already because I just ate an apple with
alma mater asthma last like snack meal
and I'm super hungry but I can again
baby I can't being so good with my diet
and I think I'm making a decision to
move in with my mom I know it sounds
crazy but yeah it's gonna be good for my
career and a lot of you said every
comment basically says yes move in yes
move in so I gotta listen to you guys I
asked many youtubers that I know they
said yes so I think this is gonna be
really really good for me yeah and also
NEMA is in that lease so we might meet
tomorrow I guess so when we're chilling
home sometimes I walk by this little
tech deck the skateboard and I play with
it so check out the trick edit for you
guys back tail tre flip out oh god you
guys like that slow-mo but anyways I
also want to talk about the show guys
this show is going to be amazing and
that's going to come out it's going to
be a link that you were going to have to
purchase but it's gonna be worth it it's
not for YouTube and it's not rated xxx
films blood it is pretty sexy cute
I don't know Brendon you watched it
today what is your to see think about
that show those guys are crazy huh you
know that stuff is wild man I wish I was
that it was it was funny and um there's
a lot of licking and sucking and there
was sucking but not but not nobody but
not wieners no not sausages oh you're
gonna have fun time actually in the
morning but anyways this show guys
I'm hyping it up because it's gonna be
that good I can't wait for the trailer
to come out to show it to you all right
guys the vlog came to an end and yeah I
hoped you guys enjoy this once again the
show is going to be insane I said it
many times in this log cuz I'm super
excited I just got out of my workout you
guys want to shoot the mAbs hold on oh
uh I can show you not yet I said it's
like 47 or 46 more days left of the
workout I feel great I got everything I
got my meals haven't cheated haven't
been going out drinking feel amazing you
guys should try not to drink I don't
know I'm sure most of you probably don't
drink alcohol maybe need you try not to
drink alcohol for two weeks and see how
you feel you feel productive yeah I'm
just gonna just productive I love this I
love this so we're shooting a prank
today Huntington Beach with the girls I
know I started with a construction no I
know
the Russian hitman but it's just hard
and it's special days you have to do
this on so don't worry I got a lot of
projects in mind but today's video
should be really really good I'm not
going to tell you what it is but I'm
gonna try to finish it today so anyways
thank you guys so much for watching this
vlog I really appreciate don't forget to
come back tomorrow for more and yeah and
don't forget the thumbs up I'll see you
guys tomorrow
this is that the guy with the yellow
shirt yeah that's the cook thank you
yes transactions completed yes
transactions completed I got it I got it
yes
