what's up village good morning from
beautiful sunny Los Angeles California
so today yes I look funky and do my hair
because I'm about to do for the Russian
hitman character I got my outfit on and
look at Brandon you have made Brandon
today for the last month of filming
thanks Brandon
my pleasure I've lured everybody which
it is I should tell him
yeah all right we got 10 20 30 40 50 50
G's ladies VG's a month a man gotta get
that red camera no I'm saying not bad
but anyways actually this is for
brandis's prop fake money oh and we're
gonna do a Russian hitman video today
and it's gonna be really really funny
it's gonna be dangerous but funny so
super excited I got to do my hair and
then on the go we're gonna spring some
people I'm gonna go to like towards
downtown Los Angeles where people are at
the bus stops and I can't wait to show
you this guy's new prank I'm super
excited about it that's how Russian
hitman gets ready
hello everybody this is Dimitri vlogging
so right now I'm in downtown Los Angeles
and I need to deliver a very important
package to somebody and unfortunately
it's very hard right now because there's
way too much traffic
people moving way too fast so we're
trying our best stay tuned because the
Russian hitman is back in a very very
big way yes this is damn right here the
gala the guy with the yellow shirt yeah
that's the good thank you
yes transactions completed yes
transactions completed I got it I got it
yes transactions completed yes
this month
yes was it what's up this this is mine
my boss told me to come get this my boss
stuff yes I'm from Russia do you know me
I'm the future there is a baby in there
right there's a there's no dead baby in
there nah baby in there there is a baby
in there
with transaction my boss told me I
cannot open it they watching me from
that building over there Russian mafia
yes
understand a pair of case that blows up
that's about wider you know if it's
gonna blow up don't worry we'll take the
whole downtown Los Angeles no not a
hooker boss previa trakula da one
coverage Tony pin store tiny Biot saying
it's not so you you telling me you're
telling me this suitcase is not yours
is this your suitcase this your suitcase
yes
yes yes I can take the cooler thank you
alright guys so we got a couple of
reactions today and right now we just
got to our VHS place so I can watch that
footage remember guys turning in this
VHS tape to DVD to SD card to see what's
going on you excited be young with Dahle
okay let's see how what kind of
prankster was in 1996 Hey look good it's
the young little battalion 1997 hey came
over what's up yeah this brings good
memories let me know if you guys want to
see this on the blog let me know if you
guys want to put its few I have 52
minutes worth of footage here alright
guys I hope you enjoy a little bit it's
a sneak peek of my 1997 footage but
check out my shake before I'm going to
the gym I go twice a day everyday so I
got banana I've banana I got an apple
that I get every day with almond butter
and I get this Shakeology protein shake
yeah 13 so I'm gonna put it in this is
my first time trying so I don't know
what to expect from this bogan
definitely gonna expect something and
it's most of you guys gonna think oh
he's gonna have it with milk water looks
disgusting it was probably gonna taste
really really good let's see how I'm
gonna do this alright let's see what
we're gonna have here this is how you
make a purchase shake people
sorry about me starting it just a little
shorter oh dude that looks like diarrhea
like for real that's crazy
no yeah no it's not good no what milk it
would have been much better you know
milk oh you have another Apple and all I
do mmm you don't have another Apple or
anything no I can't drink milk bro
you can't drink no no dude I'm gonna
diet man why do you think I'm getting so
cut the shit on the sides
oh you can't show him it but yeah
everybody um I actually saw him with his
shirt off earlier and his mom was that
we were watching the 1997 footage and
yeah he uh his side's like right here
mine are huge but they're going away
that's I can definitely see that so for
really low tonight I have absolute twice
a day dream baby hard work dedication I
can't wait to show you and it's part
mammal oh wow oh my hey get off your
couch you go to the gym guys competing
go to the gym yet it's not too late
where you live go to the gym I hope this
video inspired you alright guys if you
wondering what's my dessert this is a
grilled pineapples with nuts this is my
dessert guys that's what I've been
eating for the past nine days outside
yeah um 50 days left tomorrow
Brennan lost some weight I lost some
weight we're doing great and I'm not
planning to cheat whatsoever no alcohol
no burgers no chocolate no nothing your
boy is committed to the fullest I just
actually went to the gym I did 30 minute
cardio incline at level 15 for 30
minutes at the level of 5 speed and I
did also bicycle fort 1
minutes and I worked on some shoulders
so yeah I'm not supposed to go but I'm
gonna be the best the best best best
thank you guys and by the way you guys
are my motivation because I promised you
guys best results ever so I'm doing it
for you guys and for me mentally and
physically I'm gonna feel good I can't
wait to be hundred percent healthy
alright guys so when I run my head let
me scary but when around my AC sometimes
we open the balcony and this is what
happens this is about to pop this is all
water from the AC unit I don't know what
it is it's science which I'm not really
good at but whatever is this some kind
of leakage or something so it's
nighttime I can't call the office for
the Hayne event to come so I'm about the
goodness or fluids you know work
right is there water
others old
I think the water would come like from
out right there God you did the whole I
know it happened week ago last time an
event came and he did the same thing and
a whole bunch of water came out and I
guess there is no water
yeah there's no water I think the wife
although yeah it's but why is it why
wasn't yeah he put it back then hi so
you gonna put anyone tomorrow well a big
fan dude we feel the FHD I'm just good
at everything man
yeah making shapes people like my house
as you can see I'm just good at
everything
yeah thank you guys so much for all the
comments about the house I'll probably
make the decision next week I'm not sure
yet everybody all the youtubers that I
talk to like my friends and stuff I tell
me yes yes go you should do it so I'm
probably gonna do it not just because
they said it because you know it's gonna
be plus in every way for me thank guys
so much for watching thanks again for
all your comments as I said I read all
your comments and I'll see you guys
tomorrow and don't forget to thumbs up
the video
let's do diner hello yeah yeah what's up
sorry I'm late ha for work yeah what's
up what's up Construction Co
