good morning villains hey we love you
and we're starting another day look at
me I'm ready for my new main channel
prank I'm gonna try it again and give it
a shot
this is gonna be good I already tried it
once but anything it was funny enough
but you know what I realized that my
latest two main channel videos was all
about violence and it doesn't have to be
every video violence cool yeah I can
piss people off but not it can be also
comedy and funny I mean talking shit
like being the older talent and people
are applying and being confused or
always I keep saying bringing up all
detail and still the same fatality
so anyways today I'm just gonna have fun
improv clean like clean I mean dirty fun
yep we're gonna go mess with the
construction workers today and hopefully
it's gonna be a great day and we also
gonna get some things for the tech deck
he's been beating me in every game of
skate which he's not gonna beat me on
today so what I landed today when I shot
you today it's when I beat you with I
think it was all he did a blunt tre flip
out sorry I'm late guys what's up what's
what's the what's the work today huh
okay I'm late yeah what's up bad how are
you I'm late
you want to give me this thing I'm
taking over I'm I'm late
okay all right yeah Bob told me you guys
need help out here
Bob Marquis am I wrong what oh really
pretty key the construction code what's
up yeah we're doing Metro worried there
was a lot of leakage so you guys being
water and power right yeah so yeah
that's what we're doing so maybe I know
the whole Wilshire is construction so
maybe I started yeah so maybe I stopped
at the wrong side okay but you guys want
any help I mean I can go and help you
sure so what's going on what's the
problem here
do you mind if I take a look yeah sure
hello yeah yeah what's up sorry I'm late
ha for work yeah what's up what's up
Construction Co I guys set the down of
the sprink is that we have to drive
around the hall and look for
construction zones which I thought there
was many I mean there is got caught a
couple times Brennan got caught I was in
the funny the first one you know I'm
just warming up so now I'm ready to go
and then Brennan get Scott when I climb
that as you guys saw the tractor so
we're gonna keep going we're gonna keep
going and I'm gonna try to get some
funny-ass reactions I'll let you know
guys how it goes but I'm starving this
diets have been super great by the way
I'm gonna be updating you every day on
this diet the workout today killed me
and you guys remember the last time when
I went to a lot of time only what your
creation wants when the glass went
through my foot yeah the pain came back
so I'm thinking there's a piece of glass
left in my foot I'm not sure but pain is
pretty bad and so might the whole toes
well maybe just cuz I cracked my toes
too much do you guys do that well you
just think you can crack your toe as
many times as you want like you don't
have to like wait or what about the draw
but anyway so as we go we're gonna be
keep driving and looking I want this
video to be up because tomorrow I'm
filming with Yuka so I'm gonna finish
something today so I can start something
new tomorrow so we decided to stop for a
lunch break and yeah if you guys want to
what I eat here you go this is my diet
right here let's see what we have today
for lunch it's a lunch shrimp black bean
salad cumin vinaigrette pepitas coming
vinaigrette hmm so that's what I eat all
day every day well I was just switch it
up with my chicken shrimp and stuff but
yeah I'm definitely seeing results
feeling more better more energized
mentally and physically just like I want
it I hope you guys are doing your
workouts too would you do today get off
your couch go work out tomorrow don't
work out tomorrow you promised me you
guys gonna work out tomorrow all right
guys so you gonna kill me probably but
Brenda and I well Brendon did a little
bit of work but I passed out so took a
nap I already went to the gym I didn't
block that because you can't vlog at the
gym so I went to the gym second time I
went to the gym and my mom texted me and
said she found a really nice house which
I'm probably not gonna know I don't know
what do you guys think should I'm moving
into a big house with my mom she found a
house so we're gonna go look at it right
now
she says it's huge like she says like
basically the house is so big that well
I don't know I want to exaggerate and
then I show it on the vlog and it's
small but she says like yeah she can be
in one side of the house and I was
another one that nobody be able to know
but obviously she doesn't care for
bringing people home I think it'd be
much fun if I live with my mom and like
did whole mature activities for the
vlogs the blogs would be funner but I
don't know you guys should let me know
in the comments below but let's see the
house first I'm gonna go and see the
house and then I'm gonna meet with Edie
and Andy Andy Milonakis I call the
middle documents this is why was how you
say Milonakis anyone arcus a so yeah
let's go through this house so we just
got to the house what's up mom so I
chose this house
holy shit huge Wow happy shit don't get
your hopes up I don't know if I'm going
to be living with you you guys need to
tell me in the comments we'll base off
your judgments nice we're gonna have it
at home what we do have a room it's a
three-bedroom house oh my god well bar
this is the living room
damn this is gonna be hard
they said like the sound system tonight
damn this is gonna be hard to say no to
this house for the vlogs this house will
be epic my TV your TV oh that makes
sense okay you separate yeah pretty much
yeah we'll do it up I'll go to the
liquor store the first day and get every
liquor that's possible out there people
come over it's cool this is a guest
bedroom yes it's pretty nice the cool
they got the whole closet yeah with the
mirrors damn wow guys this is a tough
decision here this is a gift this will
be the guest shower this is the guest
mom yeah wow dude this house is sick oh
my god would that be my bathroom are you
serious just like you can make another
bedroom yeah dude oh my god oh my god
dude maybe he was gonna stay at the
stable part of my mom and I'll just move
this up move for myself this whole house
do you imagine the parties here didn't
tell you about the sauce because you're
gonna probably want it oh and this will
be your bedroom so I'm about to leave
with my mom and I don't know if you guys
can't really see there's a he it's a
huge backyard you can see but this is
definitely a tough decision for me to me
I don't know what do you guys think why
don't you share
comments well I see this is the backyard
it's pretty nice pretty big pretty big
house yeah I wasn't getting ready to eat
there's another patio justice
yeah cameras good so we're gonna you're
gonna be getting pranked 24/7 oh and the
cameras up oh this is gonna be a tough
decision
very tough guys I don't know living with
my mom so I just got a home and guess
who came over after you get a shoot
oh oh no I'm gonna be the point of view
I'm gonna oh what's up guys star just
showed you the house what'd you think
you say he what's happening he's like
why don't your mom stay at the apartment
that's a nice booty shut damn you guys
are getting really into this so anyways
I'm gonna hang out gonna hang out for a
bit and then wake up 7 a.m. wake up
that's right wow dude why don't we just
get real guns and have more fun with it
guys thank you so much watching this
vlog I just finished my killer workout
feel great about to go prank and I just
got some exciting news this morning from
Croatia I might be flying to creation
Beck and uh back to Croatia in November
for business not for partying this time
and it's gonna be very very very
exciting whew that was some good news
hopefully it's not a prank what I heard
because you guys gonna be in shock when
you see this video anyways thank you
guys so much for watching I love you
don't forget to come back tomorrow and
yeah let me know what you guys think
about that house thumbs up let's do that
it
- hello Cheri told me yeah
thanks dude thanks thinking that
