good morning villas all over the world I
don't know where you're from it's
nighttime morning time but anyways I'm
here with Brendan we're here in Venice
Beach and we're looking for cops for
this type of prank and to be honest
there's not a lot of cops out here so I
don't know what to do I don't know you
guys know any good place in the labor
there's gonna be a lot of cops of course
police stations but Venice Beach action
has a police station and there wasn't
too many cops so in that case I don't
know what I'm gonna do probably gonna
drive around look for cops or switch the
idea of the prank and wait till the
weekend comes for the cops prank cuz the
cops on weekends they're everywhere in
LA so it's tough decisions but we'll see
what's up
so
by bad
the tub
there's no nice little package here
uh-huh
you know it is that the viagra from the
weekend it's a lot clearer down I was
gonna suck in fill it help it finish it
off hello share its howl with me yeah
thanks dude
thanks thicken up
I'm gonna cuddle he thinks you what so
you so me mmm
made me tired read your fire tired I can
fire some flames that are your butthole
- yeah trigger this helicopter look how
low it is I have never seen a helicopter
it's so low
not lapd's to come
so we're out here on Venice Beach or
about to bring some people up we're
gonna see people are so lame here cuz
all they do is get high and there's just
no reactions like ya know I guys just
left Venice Beach Venice Beach was
completely dead just the energy sucked I
had to leave so we're going to my mom's
right now because my mom has a v8 VHS
tape from 1996 which I was like four
years old and she said she has some
funny ass clips of me messing around
when I was a little kid so I was hoping
to put that in the beginning of the
movie it was my intro because it's
called natural or pranksters so people
can see that I've been doing this crap
since you know the 90s so I'm heading to
my mom's right now hopefully it's really
good what she told me and that's on the
tables like it definitely fits the movie
but it depends how it was reported it
depends if I did what she said I did so
I can't wait to check it out share it
with you guys and let you guys know more
about it I'm also going up to your house
I told him that I'm coming to your house
and you know why camped your house right
you thing just to say hi I want my VHS
tape I'm gonna go do it
oh yeah I'm gonna do it all right I'm
gonna go convert it to DVD and then it
takes five business days to convert it
to is the butt so I'm gonna go DVD just
to watch it because you can't edit it or
nothing I just want to watch it on the
PlayStation you can come over tonight
maybe we can watch the full tape
PlayStation is a DVD player hello
my mom wants me to hang this on my wall
I'm like girls were they gonna come over
Ari or shorter you already talked about
this yeah damn guys remember these days
let's see what's on it let's see the
young Vitaly let me know in the comments
below if you want to see this in the
vlog IV I'm gonna say it
oops from the movie but if you want to
see it in the vlog the four year old
Natalia and how I go through the first
grade with flowers it's right here that
my should be just four watts Wow you
know what you should have recorded me
more I need my hair to go back there I
need throwback Thursday you should all
know that Instagram is gonna exist
you should have known throwback
Thursdays yes you should have know
hashtag tbh T's gonna be shootin she
shut a smart mom should new the
instagrams gonna come out it's gonna
hard we're gonna go to Walgreens get
this to DVD and watch it it's like a
what's the better than going to a movie
theater and I'm excited for this this is
two lanes you're blocking the road go
over there no you're blocking the street
you caused almost four accidents don't
you hate these drivers they just
literally she turned into a parking lot
she turned into a parking lot and she
stopped so basically all those people
throw her in the road that goes to the
main road it was backing up she just
stopped and put her flashes on like and
it was two lanes to go this way and this
way and then she was just standing there
sorry I got out of the car I hate doing
that but I did some road rage for real
road rage road rage whatever it's called
but and she's like no you need to move
Wow I'm sorry guys but I had to share
this with you because yeah
drivers like that to piss me off and I'm
sure they piss you off too alright so we
just got to this DVD place and they told
us it takes at least two days two to
three business days or whatever the
sooner the better so anyways well
actually the sooner yeah the sooner the
better because I want to put this in the
movie and
waiting they're excited to see the
footage so anyways right now we're gonna
go back home and shouldn't say this
probably but thing I'm gonna start going
to the gym twice a day yeah I want to go
lift you know the workouts in the
morning are pretty crazy squat thrusts
push-ups pull-ups non-stop drop burpees
all of that I love it I sweat like hell
I love it I love it I love it but I'm
not just on them I want to get some
extra results I want to do some more ab
crunches so I'm thinking about going on
to the to the gym also I've been on a
diet for about eight days yeah it's been
exactly eight days and I haven't cheated
once yet everything in the cooler that
they gave me I eat it that's the only
thing and Brenna's been doing really
good too dude yeah you're right every
day huh you ran every day yet that's
nice how many miles my tired days I'll
do one mile and on my better days I'll
do two miles and the other day I did two
and a half miles so I'm getting that
getting back
hi guys stuck at home and I went to the
gym I know like I said I'm not supposed
to go but I did and it's hopefully the
trainer's wouldn't see they're gonna
kill me but anyways guess who showed up
your boy head back I'm not a drill man
who thinks he can beat us in tag tag do
you know how good Brendan God did not
beat you in the last vlog and then pry
this is mr. champion that can admit that
you like Smith by beau and stuff I'm
doing Smith way there's no power either
joy let's go brother alright alright
by the way guys I don't know if you
noticed it I forgot to mention to them
what we did today what did we do today
we've got a new vlog camera yeah but now
this vlog camera is actually pretty good
and I love it and it's great it looks
really good the quality actually doesn't
go out of focus and stuff but anyways
let me know let me know about the
quality much better right stupid
question but wait what do you guys think
about my do I need a haircut or what
like like what's up with this like I
know I need a trim in the back like get
all the fur out but should I get a
haircut where I should not get a haircut
I'm growing out my hair and by the way
I'm seeing some results in that
Beachbody I'm not gonna show you them
it's been a week it's been like a base
seven days eight days but this diet is
amazing haven't cheated once well how is
your diet going guys are you guys doing
good or what diet doesn't start tomorrow
finally started today diet being started
baby oh yeah then yeah I lost I think
I'm losing weight - you lost ten pounds
since you were here maybe more 15
probably good job didn't found it for
the healthy right
and I grab that's it okay anyways guys
we love you so much thank you guys for
watching this vlog and obviously please
come back tomorrow for another day
another transformation yeah we're gonna
go to bed because it's another 7 a.m.
wake up push-ups squat thrusts
pull-ups hi guys this is it I got ended
I love talking to you guys but I gotta
end it like ended I don't forget to give
this video a big thumbs up thank you so
much for again for everything and don't
forget to come back tomorrow
this is Daniel
