good morning villains I'm starting the
day off with my mom and Genesis yo
what's up Dee Gandhi
how are you we're going to Six Flags I'm
taking them on to Six Flags because I
want it here having a me heart attack is
if you're really fun so I can make fun
of her all day by ads never been
actually neither never never and I'm
gonna stay a lot like you so once again
we're supposed to get this VIP passes a
day before so they're not available
online now so I hope we're gonna have
them there cuz I don't want to wait in
line for an hour because it's
ridiculously hot it's like a hundred
degrees outside so anyways we're taking
a family road trip yeah if we have to
come back we'll come back at least we
get a ride in a nice man yeah this is
the mom thing mom yeah my mom should
take over here we go guys we're here
check this out look at your like what's
hurry up
relax guys relax this is gonna be a song
my god look at that thing what's up guys
look when we met here what's up dude
yeah so you know what I do yeah your
pranks Oh DuPont I think sometimes yeah
thank sometimes exactly yeah
we're not villains no shout here with
Vitaly yeah are you riding the roller
coasters was I you booked yeah oh look
his bomb fail yeah all right so we got
this awesome pass that lets us skip the
line reduces ninety percent ninety two
percent so like right now it's 219 you
can get on the most popular vital to 21
this is the best when you come to parks
like this it's like hours and a half
worth of line it's not working like my
mom she's taking in the bathroom like
five hours
that manifest doesn't work for the best
planning passes when you give you yeah
the doesn't work it doesn't mom what are
you wearing no photos please how ironic
is that so maybe people not gonna ask me
for photos just because of his shirt
you're so mean what do you do that I am
good she's a meaning walk behind you
guys ready for your first ride I'm stir
screwed we just tried to experience all
the rides it's gonna be cool because my
I got my happy shades on I got my happy
hat it's all gonna be good hi this is
the first ride I'm bringing you guys on
are you ready are you ready Thomas yeah
oh look look look you go upside down you
hang upside down yeah you hang on for it
no oh it's like Superman you like oh hi
guys hi this is the first ride right
when I turn it on it goes like that it
closes it like you ready yeah Scottie
ready she's close thank you I'm probably
not gonna go pro on this one because you
literally lay flat like a Superman and
yeah this is a serious deal this is the
first one I'm breaking your guys
virginity with this roller coaster my
mom is terrified for mom she's happy
when it brings you up with the belt
that's the worst
all right good luck guys I unscrewed
some bolts good luck I I unscrewed some
balls what did you think about your
first ride I'm confused now actually
that was until freakin skip this is was
craziest thing I ever done in my life
dude that was awesome she did great that
was awesome
whoo
who builds things like this honestly you
said smart people build this monkey I'm
pretty sure really smart me would you
write it would you test write it with
the first building not usually the first
of either
and when the first builders would be the
first fighter justice if it works
oh my god
yeah
I
ah
so I got just thinking like girl Pro and
I'm on would you think what you think
good this holy before what what it
should like it should be like oh you
probably look ridiculous on my GoPro she
probably looks super ridiculous what did
you think
Edie yeah that was crazy I was scared
holding the GoPro but it was fun man
when you see this clip I hope there's
some good footage so good the GoPro
because I don't know what I was holding
I was trying to look straight at the
GoPro at my mama's face damn I did a lot
I did a lot forwards you can see the
ride and then a lot a little bit like
yeah the forward they have to see and
the FPV is gonna do yeah this is the
scariest ride ever on my opinion who
eats your heart it eats your soul it
just drops me straight down
that's the one I don't have balls I went
to last time that's so scary this one
that's the scariest one in my book just
gonna stretch up for food
alright guys look out for the sound it
sounds just like a sound effect from
finally
Oh
damn this pass is awesome we went to the
for rides under one hour we went on four
rides you guys need to get this when you
come to this park
I'm sure all the Six Flags have it it's
a flash regia the flash bash entrance
we're just literally skipping an hour
and a half line to wait for three
minutes
you see all right I don't want you to
fall look out be good
me and Mama skipping the food yeah right
why no see Diane actually started this
is what I have to hear this is my snack
and then we're gonna evolve note our big
Nutella rise
I'm a modern woman finger what can I try
wow this is so good what should they get
the choice off can you tell me why
swishing here here serious one
look come on oh yo put the camera with
the camera
smart three smart three holy fire three
oh my god
Oh
with a lunch break right here look you
eating nice and fried eating nice sushi
you're not eating anything
and guess what me with a home made for
homemade home fork
boom a chicken salad would I don't know
what are these things called the black
boy a pin one that I don't know it's
super healthy fifty four more days it's
hard it's gonna be pay off at the end
all right guys this line doesn't look
that bad but look with this passes we
just go through and we're cutting all
these people all of them
you ready put this one
you ready come on come on
come on come on stop yeah yeah Kings
doing
yes was the might make your blogger yes
you are
are you ready the seat are low long
please why you don't want to go here
you're the best up so ravishing if you
did it game it wouldn't have dude I'm
fine guys what do you guys think of my
mom and I should get a house and just
walk everyday and see how we're arguing
right and only comedy right yeah if you
guys wanted to move in with my mom in
one house and vlog every day yeah it
would be like a mom versus sunny leash
yo yo that with you nobody has a mom and
a son Channel yeah that'd be funny yeah
fan base already - all right could be
the other inside why you want to be on
the law oh yeah G what's up Kelly are
you having fun fuck yeah thanks my idol
oh come on
- have fun thank you so much Brent
thanks bro all right guys stand up -
seat belts yeah let's go guys ready
you're gonna fly now ready
ready for the drop your heart goes for
your feet your your mud hole it's your
heart that's a waterfall do is just some
exaggerating bra what you guys go on the
OL device ever went to today which one
you wouldn't do but we didn't fill we
couldn't film all of them cuz they catch
us with a girl throws they're like hey
guys got every to go from lockers so we
have to hide it hi Superman it is a mom
your Chi you're a trip you're a man
what's up bro why not answer some
questions what do I call my fans what do
I call my fans all right anything else
what else do we got
what's this bigger snack food
who is this how'd you like the Superman
my llama I gave you a hell of a day see
my mom wanted a dangerous but then the
first well of course that's the most fun
but my mom went a date with Vitaly
yesterday I went to the beach with her
those nice now now today you go we're
doing my way I'm glad it came out
genesis came out thanks guys thanks guys
Oh Helia thanks for coming guys and you
know why I like to bring my friends just
in case if I die somebody else dies with
me oh I think I said it too far because
I still need to get a ride home today
hi guys
the guy didn't want to let us on the
last one
6:05 to far close at 6:00 so we got to
get to the drop best for last
I feel so I actually the young I wanted
the guy to say no but he's like no no no
no it's uh
I wish sorry Edie I'm sorry guys oh I'm
scared shit for this one your heart goes
here but we did it you like this up in
the way down go ahead we've finished the
ride yes
time to go home with a successful day I
hope you guys enjoyed this successful
day I had a great day mom thanks for
coming
hey I wish my mom did great today huh
she's a beast
thanks mom for coming yeah hell yeah
we're gonna have those a great log my
you're a trooper for sure you're top
Russian mama huh we got Erika here but
uh what I promised you she didn't go
because she had work so we're gonna take
her next time yeah maybe
ah hi guys I got home last night I got
super tired so I fell asleep I had to
wake up at 7 a.m. for my workout it's
about 9:30 in the morning feeling great
I don't know how many days left I think
53 days left
52 maybe I'm not sure I'll double-check
here's a lost count usually when you
count the days go slow so I just stopped
counting you know but anyways Brenda is
not about to go from when you prank for
you guys I'm keeping up that main
channel I'm trying to get four videos a
month I'm super excited for this week I
think I'm filming with you go also later
in the week I'm gonna bring these fun
blocks to you guys I hope you enjoy all
of them and especially option guys enjoy
today's vlog all right guys give it a
big thumbs up for my mom shared a lot of
balls what you did today yeah I'm proud
of your mom thank you but anyways yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow and let's do
diner
congrats brother
congratulations and it's one Franken
here wha
