before start this vlog let me make
something clear to you especially to the
bra boroughs I love you brother owes but
you guys going crazy in the comments
first of all Lucy and I are friends
second of all I didn't cry congratulate
him is because we were watching with
Dennis and Brandon on the other side of
the city LA streamys and all that
carries to see who wins the prank award
and I saw that Jesse wants her
congratulated him and then they went
into a concert so I thought it was over
so we turn off the TV and we actually
rushed to the after party so I can meet
all the YouTube why like you meet all
the youtubers so I can hang out with all
the youtubers so we left super early I
did not watch streamys till the end and
I found out the next day the Foose you
want so me and please you're good we're
always been good so don't start any
drama in the comments i love the
borough's but you guys going crazy on me
so i just want to clear up a little
drama and yeah congratulations we see
actually congratulate him on twitter for
some of you that follow me we'll know so
anyways let's yeah let's just start this
vlog whoo good morning villains today
I'm spending the day off by going to a
car shop to pick up my car my final
eight tires are ready up there like
three days and all that stress so I
can't wait to pick up my car and I'm
actually gonna have to collect it to
watch that show that a film for you guys
I've actually edit it and I really it's
like a final or rough cut but it's ready
that bachelor show where all these two
teams of bachelor parties go around la
prank and who gets the most points wins
to go party with all these hot girls so
you guys stay tuned for that cuz that's
coming very very soon so yeah let's go
check out my car so I'm here in Culver
City and actually the gas prices are not
that bad maybe it is but I don't know
what's the grass prices guys in your
earring hold on let it
I gotta pay 329 in Beverly Hills it's
like for 16 or something so it's like
almost dollar more but anyways I got my
new tires check out that tire I got
Michelle in sports check this out damn
not looking sex is expensive but sexy oh
that scratch though
you
we do so good
Oh
yo guys look who came over Dennis haaaaa
we got Brandon over here we're gonna go
see evidence and no this is not a
brandeal we're gonna go see Everest
because we uh we are we've been planning
a and no party no drinks for me a drink
water yesterday you guys should be proud
of me because I was very very
responsible that was a great morning
also he says I'm in Dennis's car now so
I was like dentists rental Dennis rented
is then Dennis rented is cute dentists
rented ask you da Mosta danish render
this cute mustang and it's coming I'll
go second merits and it's topless two
topless you fuck your drink so we're
gonna see everest in imax 3d we're super
excited we're like little you seem to be
a little more excited about it man
really yeah you jumping out of your seat
uh-huh but we're only 15 minutes away
he's gonna probably take us 45 this
traffic is killing us yo Dennis get into
your new car bro damn dude this perform
pranksters battalion I got matching
Lambos yeah kate spade new york
dude wait is this a new car oh damn this
is a machine you look at this you holy
crap that's clean damned in our word
guys hard work hard work I over his
Lamborghini Aventador like you guys one
day you you guys gotta keep telling
yourself you're gonna get this and
you're gonna get this damn sets over 750
thousand dollars brand-new babies dude
this is literally like inspiration boy
who doesn't I drove this in to buy for
about two weeks straight straight for
3b6 dude that is like v12 dude stop but
look how long it is do you do Wow then
it dimples earring just sold his too
what's that guy it's being it oh hello
ball ed Oh ed man look at this I can get
over it yeah paul ET Jackrabbits 10 slim
do you guys know what eff what movie is
that from question of the day and and
bonus all they're probably gonna know
that that's is that from everybody
alright guys it's the next day and I
decided to do Q&A with the subject of
YouTube and get a little bit personal so
the first question is what are you gonna
do when you reach 10 million subscribers
well I'm gonna get my diamond black four
million subscribers to give you like a
golden play button so for this one
they're gonna give you like a diamond
one so it's gonna be pretty cool and I'm
also making like an hour episode of how
i started filming in middle school of
all my like school pranks of all my like
i'm gonna make it like an hour
documentary about me started from the
bottom now i'm a 10 mil that's what
pretty much it's gonna be off what is
the hardest thing about making a prank
video that's a good question right now I
can't even go outside right now go
outside tried to prank somebody
everybody call botella can i take a
picture or if I'm interfering with a
stranger a fan would come up and break
it up and be like oh you just pranking
you like I don't know what people do
that but yeah that's the hardest thing
and the hardest thing is what like I
don't know hopefully hoping you're not
going to
shot or punch in the face or stabbed so
I'll be the hardest part any clothing
coming to your purchase yes actually
billing hats are about like ten days
away i believe so i can't wait to
release them because everybody's been
asking me on twitter when is the villain
hats coming out well you're going to be
able to get your own and the hat will be
also better quality it's gonna be the
same design but better quality so get
ready for your Villa hats villains would
you do Russian hitmen again of course
that's my favorite character and I think
that's only one of them accepted tanisha
want and yes I'm actually gonna do a
very dangerous Russian hitman and it
involves kids so i don't know i think i
should end it right here yeah god what's
the most difficult prank you ever pulled
the thing to even lift one cuz it was
kind of scary and it took me like six
days to film or maybe the friday 13th in
ohio when i ran with chainsaw and the
cops were coming every night and busting
us down so i don't know i think the do
you lift one yeah I was super nervous
took me a long time and a lot of
frustrations so do you lift will you run
through the next world cup ah for me to
know for you guys to find out I can't
stay really much but yeah I don't know
should I do it again it's already been
done why do it again thank you guys so
much for watching this vlog if you made
it to the end please give this video a
big thumbs up appreciate all of you guys
my balance and everybody and the haters
also by anyways I don't don't don't
forget to follow me on snapchat cuz it's
pretty epic so yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow does it on ya 32
ah
