what are villains what up what up what
up day two with these guys we're back at
the studio are you they trying to make
some balls and subdued you can't make
the ball you don't know how to put it in
the hole and I'm from Europe okay who is
there here let me show now that was
going in there brother
Christian how did this morning go it was
great actually
oh good what do you mean of course he's
through you I'm not doing the shin come
on dude I just said I'm not doing a
jackass related stunts holy shit here's
the thing you're like the man if you do
this I'm instant on the instant pussy
because you're gonna do it I'm the
instant fucking wheelchair it's not
gonna kill you
never know what if they should mrs. I
hits my face
no no no is he can you want to see the
expression and it's easy to shoot please
yeah a beautiful class
but so will mean it won't easily count
down into it laying shit like you about
the shipping to want to them 9 of that 3
to 100 you want do you want me just no I
don't wanna play games
3 2 1 boom yeah no game no no none of
the games let's just do it three two one
- what's the difference what's the I
think this is good because then I can
hit you yeah for this I think I'd be
like this yeah like that and then you
can like put their arm on it you know
you should make it you should be like
from here to here like this no not that
it's just good because you can see it
fly and hit but I'd be sure to miss this
I know yeah yeah but even that scatters
cactus or one cactus we don't know him
but this will be it'll be good okay
the Entertainer my mind Batali's Manning
up I love it
oh isn't it somebody to step up well
doing sweetie don't eat your borders
here doing it and that's there's
something he's gonna throw up
hello he goes into a key cavity super
would even have an ambulance on set I'll
take a coffee will poured the coffee
good thing I say what's going on v
no no I'm about to get sued by cactus
why I don't know someone Thomas in case
you guys wandering my diet here you go
oh they're just dried out he'll just
pretty good you got that spice on it
comes I've been gonna lose my way yeah
yeah you have to there's nothing in your
stomach I'm dust
dude I am absolutely fantastic there's
no way that won't make the moments you
want to break against my body yeah feel
it it's really soft
that's even better cuz it'll look so
good when it breaks so this is fuckin
now we're talking epic mode good Charlie
Knox will step down for something like
this hello he I can see the bright
lights of like yeah that's soothing
still hard to lose that is he dude
fucking love it yeah let's you did no no
it's gonna be epic right away yeah this
is one of those things it's a one-shot
wonder boom it's over quick man move
beyond oh we can we can put half of you
can shoot me with the ball my sonic
duct tape and you want to shoot you with
a cap it's over tomorrow I'll be able to
work out that's where it comes and
that's what makes it so good because
you'll be like do the carrots for one
minute you go honestly though after you
talk to everything is it really gonna
hurt course it's gonna hurt that's what
I'm talking about we put all the colors
in what if I leave them wouldn't a
natural tonight because I think it cuts
it off and still has a looser tip no no
no if I don't like yeah let's get
tweezers just there's a couple of days
what if I'll even tweeze the dental not
sure to come out your itch I like that
Claire then we work on your tit how's it
going facing it sergeant's got shot by
Yuka by the dude son with the cactus
what you think Dennis I think you're a
fucking man dude ah stop it it's totally
worth it
Roman why don't you do is the only one
have this pain look guys oh my god
look so bad it doesn't look how look on
camera
Daly's the mandate are you allergic to
this shit my not so red on camera oh you
know what you think Yuka would you think
you got balls man thanks brother
I can't wait to go to Finland and jump
the cards I do James Bond jump a car
yeah through flames
wow I'm so excited I'm so excited what's
up bro hey would you think of what the
cactus shit three-one hope you guys are
doing well we can't put the shot they
might make the movie might not but
you're gonna show them the wall the
power the way yeah look at this we got
the whole struck out of here dude this
is gonna be fucked up this is this is a
mess stop what we're doing they said
they might not we're not mind able to
air this distribution company said this
is Frank is way too me
that's that lady over there there's a
little bulb ensuring dogs know this
Mobile is awesome dude
Romans gonna be here us arguing my game
is gonna be you what are you doing
a robo operator man I'm gonna freakin
sneak in with my hidden camera and
actually beautify and push in this
camera start
I have almost nine million subscribers I
need to start filming my pranks like
this yeah right
shit man they don't know but they
brought me in here I put them in cats
just to wrong with having two cats out
yeah do that in do that kick I'm
sleeping on this couch you know they
don't know do you come back you know see
me sleeping on this couch yeah check
dude you know you talk very quietly all
the time we'll have that thing outside
all the babies do don't know you're
gonna drop it well throw it against the
camera oh and Anna's gonna and the
Shawn's gonna freeze and it's gonna go
to credit she's a good baby man it's a
wrap for today it was a great great
great shoot on this reaction I feel so
bad for this guy
sorry I can't wait for this nice meeting
you both jerks yeah
so no National Board pranks it's coming
soon yeah yeah
hey guys our buddy Christian does
everything for it would you say
everything yeah he does everything for
us he needs like his car is a piece of
crap it breaks all the time it's awesome
this just needs some it needs some
repairs that he hasn't been out returned
so we're gonna put a ticket on his
window he's gonna be pissed and thinks
he's getting a freaking ticket from the
city that's gonna be full of 500 bucks
that we all chipped in hopefully he
doesn't use it for anything yeah
Christian got that ticket right here
with a $500 from us for all the things
he did for us not he needs to fix his
car so we decided to help him out so
cushion is for you and thanks for all
the help bro this is the least we can do
actually so yeah enjoy your $500 and fix
it right all right use it right hey your
name on it
yo man told you the park don't use it
for something I wouldn't use
we want to see them here you coming all
the way down the road alright guys you
know it's the next day just finished my
workout
crazy work I just ate my healthy
breakfast feeling skinnier feeling
better mentally and physically and yeah
on to the next day so yeah today we're
gonna film with Yuka most likely
probably I don't know I have actually
problems with my car with the tires the
insurance and I mean the warranty and
all that bull crap I gotta order tires
so I'm probably going to be today
without a car so I might go wrap one
so anyways don't forget to come back
tomorrow thank you guys for watching
this vlog I hope you guys enjoyed movies
coming out soon and wish you guys all
the best I'll see you tomorrow
the sedan yeah don't forget thumbs up
they don't know nothing about the
fashion nothing nothing
I mean are you guys like messing about
