what's up villains it's day 59 of my
transformation and guess what I win
California today what is going on here
the whole night the whole morning
it's pouring raining I don't know what's
going on I guess it's September but
after this workout I have to go on the
movie set and it's like an hour away but
with this traffic right now and the rain
I don't know how long it's gonna take me
so hopefully be there on time I'm not
sure but anyways it's important that
today's day 59 and I'm here stronger
than ever and I'm going in for my
workout I cannot wait I'll see you guys
after 10 10 wha speaking of Jersey Shore
why are you dressed up for dress fancy
dishes I said they told me okay yeah
yeah yeah
what you're not coming you were at that
was that we're here back up and running
flaw exceptions this is uh natural born
pranksters you're a Jew into pickups
it looks so Hammett Ally's about to go
into makeup skills I get just as tan as
our friend mr. dinner here yo what's up
ah hello everybody welcome to the
tanning salon where I love to ten look
at this tanner it's perfect you and my
feet look great see look at the
difference see that and then look see
that's crazy dude come on dude my word
I'm gonna this is my new look I think
look yeah I mean II was good like it
yeah don't judge me I'm not I like it
yo whatever you do he don't go for the
full 30 minutes don't go for the full 30
minutes what does that mean cuz I just
she's trying to oh yeah yeah happiness
she trying to fix it Oh word word yeah
it's only supposed to go eight minutes I
did 30
somebody get a spray tan like Dennis I
look like the Jersey Shore character
widow with a political macho we are
I think love
dude yo she could go out like that to us
Hollywood for milkshakes oh my god
that's so funny idea and we should
please totally straight jail do some
Russian crazy European think you guys
are critical year hero visible Eurotrash
you cute now
hey hey it's just a cameraman Oh what's
wrong I don't know but I know you can't
tell this on the camera what but it
really smells like it's right here
you'd knowledge it that's because my
pants also so uh how's the the rap group
thing good old boy well you know I
dropped triple platinum but that was in
Guam oh okay
what else what's been happening America
they're in France I got a fan club it's
all thirteen-year-old voices okay so
that's going to go to France I got a
hookup there huh net have been rappin
too much you know world's chill time I'm
ready for combat
yeah not almost no more call it a
comeback don't call me to come back yo
don't worry about it this stuff I'm
leavin after a Scandinavian yeah don't
worry
yeah even after he passes it so just hit
this on the wall and you're good to know
okay it's all yours my head on the wall
yes like that
Howard we didn't turn up so were you
thinking
I think he should work like that every
day go get some straight hands on a
little more red red red so it's a really
well those two would be running Italian
salute I'd be a member that's why you
got GU the hell's your pee
Oh your eyes stand out so much more
mirrors to say heroes Friday
yeah nice buddy someone knows it easier
huh give me for that
that too you should come over every
morning and do this to them
so you can like walk around like this
yeah hey life's over
yeah I think you guys should stay like
this you look like fucking dad it hurts
so bad why Turner
she uses a torch to make it look like
shit cousin this is real whoo feeling it
it'll be like this remember dude let me
see your neck I light it like the hair
touch it oh you don't need to touch it
what are you doing it's like it's
gelatin it's like which woodson Gela
like I can jump against wall and spring
on the black music CD labels looks like
this aids I've never seen anybody look
like they have black spots oh I haven't
seen it with the black here it was right
even though Sam I can't even take it
what oh my goodness look smell all I
don't write oh this looks like a Miami
club owner oh yeah yeah dirty D Stupa
Moniz a strip club owner
I can't even dig it yeah you look like
just like your it like you fell into
some construction baby glasses whoa
let's see yes Zeta know nothing about
the fashion nothing
nothing ready I mean are you guys like
this is the last thing about the power
yeah nothing my name is your buddy
what's your name my name is any more II
think I should eat Iran to run
Taurasi good yeah so we're coming for
natural born pranksters and this amount
that then it's gonna shock a number to
secure the cable running in here each
change dude I'm I can totally go to a
public that I'm totally gonna wear this
now on man you look like a Miami club
owner I love how the red shows to the
white on a short so really she's the top
get both okay but II think they look
crispy might as well do you to break I
was like well done yeah I want to go in
to CBS yesterday only burn ointment
I feel like I've been raped an explosion
relax a little Renard we're gonna have a
red crispy fin here in two seconds I
want to keep these jeans are awesome I
would totally wear these jeans up with
it is this too much Renard yeah would
you go out with me for canning ownership
would you go out with me probably
because jeans I really look like a West
Hollywood jeans or $1,600 dude all right
we're gonna run out of a budget for that
what's your name
Gilbert Gilbert wait I'll just came up
are you from fun where you're from are
you from Gilbert Mexico oh you're
Mexican
you guys ready to kill it yeah that's a
bang like you know do that yeah that's
jinsan unlike you guys I do good natural
I can just do it but a little bit of
accent
yeah but doing that really like you just
did getting to that conversation with
each other and give room the person
who's coming there
this YouTube thing doesn't work Adam
long-term occupation open up that does
actually not gay look at it enjoy the
spotlight here which is did bother day
action it was a great so now we're
waiting for our other money descends you
maybe she's gonna water temple hey give
me the kiss fee yes yeah dude looks like
you look I'm so sore from this workouts
my but my Tosh holy crap its up
Christian what's up the camera is bigger
than you guys okay we've run a quick oh
my god you they're gonna they're gonna
dislike this vlog just because the way
look if they gonna just you oh my god
it's getting darker like one before
lunch because we're trying on the Tron
case that it doesn't go away in the
shower I'm ready to go I live in West
Hollywood I fit in
look at those eyes oh they stand out
anyways guys shut some pranks
we shot some great pranks well we still
shooting it and what's up let me see
that's late hey not sure where's the
natural born pranksters energy is good
but little lower on the light cuz the
wind Acushla no silence can be colder so
then she can ask questions at the new
customer yeah you just sit there like
just like right here eventually she's
gonna be like
so okay what's going on you don't owe me
my god
anything is yellow back and forth it's
time to say yeah but those funny
one-liners in the cross the dynamite no
no I just it is positive and there's
like good things then you know give her
a little bit of opportunity to react as
well do you think that do you think that
people actually believe that I was
smarter gorgeous-looking did they add a
nose on top you look like that on the
cheeto today it's not easy being cheesy
I don't know if you guys should be
working classes all you think oh that
dude that looks so awesome with the
Gosselaar without the playing with so we
just got some awesome reactions Dennis
what do you think about the reactions
yeah my skin is getting so low your
Francis oh let me see my DP go oh well I
think this match is almost Missy I -
orange
I'm as the oranges tangerine's I'm so
orange I'm so orange do you wanna peel
me cuz I'm so juicy so juice yes alright
so I left my vlog camera at all and look
who I met here what's up guys so I was
dropping Dennis off and guess what
happened guys with my crazy driving as
you know my tire blew out some right now
I'm filming on my iPhone 6 my tie is
completely flat with a huge hole in it
and thank God that I called a Jaguar
towing company and they had a free tire
and a under warranty and sewing truck so
I'm waiting for that right now and these
kids I would say teenagers came up to us
and they're entertaining us one of them
knows me from a YouTube videos he
recognized the car so he ran out and
then two sisters brothers sisters
friends whatever my car is probably
gonna be fixed by tomorrow night
this is sucks bye anyways I can't
complain I don't know if it's windy or
not I'll see you guys from my house
because yeah it's better quality but a
camera
I'll let me update you guys in the movie
so today was really fun on the movie
said we're filming tomorrow too pranks
they're huge a pretty big prank so I
cannot wait I'm super excited for
tomorrow we're gonna reunite with the
whole crew natural born pranksters crew
I'm super excited except the scar
problems always this is like second time
a car blows out tire blows out I don't
know I been used up driving crazy
and drive like an old person that's it
good bye good bye baby
well star so what happened dude so
Vitaly likes to drive this car like it's
a dragster the tracks to die rips tired
poor car I'm gonna stop vlogging right
now because our obras coming and it's
super dark you can't see anything
I'm heading home right now I'm gonna
drop this guy off for early coal time
for another natural born pranksters set
hi guys I'm gonna go to bed thank you so
much for watching this vlog don't forget
to give this video thumbs up and I'll
see you guys tomorrow for more fun thank
you for watching
let's see
you
