what's up villains it's 7:15 I am I'm
super excited I'm headed to the facility
to work out my 60 day challenge started
today right now 60 days left I'm headed
there super excited I barely slept and
weird dreams was waking up every 15 20
minutes of excitement so I can't wait to
kill my first workout I'm not gonna lie
I'm nervous is feel weak kind of had
enough the week I would say I haven't
worked out in so long November so I
don't know what to expect
super excited now I'm gonna show you my
body later in the vlog
I'm gonna take off my shirt and
Brendan's gonna film me and let you see
how I look a day 60 and then you're
gonna see me next time
without a shirt on day zero when I
complete my challenge let's go oh wow
day one holy crap guys I don't know what
to explain I can't even walk barely
walking right now it got my cooler right
here with the food for today everyday
I'll be getting at 7:00 in the morning
at the facility when I get there I just
get the cooler but do you guys gonna do
this transformation with me I'm not
giving up these 60 days if I give up
there honestly like if I keep up this
burger like might as well go kinda home
Harshal my son might as well gonna kill
myself like so I can't even make a
promise to myself but I promise to you
and you know it's not going to look good
to feel better you know to change my
lifestyle I'm doing this for that so it
cannot wait to get the best results as I
can mentally and physically I'm gonna do
this together so prepare and buckle up
your seat belts because this is only a
60 so finish my workout it just got to
collect his office and look who's here
we have a special guest what are we
doing we're shooting a movie tomorrow
it's you dude I'm underage
Jude oh wait that's that homeless guy
from a year ago he's back oh yeah
tylette hell yeah so we're shooting a
movie we're shooting two more pranks for
three or more pranks for a movie
tomorrow and after tomorrow so awesome
pranks oh and they're gonna be vlog of
course so I cannot wait they wanted me
to miss huge body and guess what I'm not
missing that I'm gonna be super late for
my call time but look they're all
laughing at me cuz they know what I'm
talking about all of them over there
by the way if you guys wondering how to
play this a bleeding jail for the
Russians event break and if you lose you
obviously have to switch so I always
wanted to wince can just stay there at
holding and play so key us jail I do
miss you both what was stuck in Oscar
who said we could play ping-pong with
our pals up the butts on Hollywood
Boulevard so Christian won the game with
Dennis and guess what Brendan did
Brendan lost seven zero
that was fast what was the score with
you Christian
four with Dennis
thirty taking the ball through the
hexagon she's do not the guy you look at
the guy oh did you do it you're the one
that's trying to rape me watch okay I
can back you up
I can back you out damn that was clean
that was yeah look at me again that was
a regular part that was ragging warfare
why you gotta be so cute what's going on
why are you tired so my mom just decided
to stop by and then I got to get a new
camera some other skimmers were relaxed
but almost they won't complete so my
transformation it's a successful
transformation the most and I'm gonna
show her than you prank that I'm
uploading on the Thursday so which is
tomorrow do you want to watch the new
breaks that they're gonna see the more
you want to see than your pranks so
where do you think mm-hmm
top chef oh yeah I love it
are you guys what it is you should do
better I mean like more like a
personally I like the outfit
you guys gonna be able to see tomorrow
on my main channel it's gonna be awesome
crazy prank I'm super hyped to pranks
that I'm not sure starting to upload
regularly no so I'm filming with Yuka on
the day I upload something and then
become tomorrow I can't tell you the
prank but I think my mom might be
involved crazy prank right you ready to
get arrested you should talk about it
first I don't know are you ready to get
arrested no I'm not
are you sure are you ready to get
arrested
no I want you you ready I get enough
with you now you became it now you
became a citizen it's good yeah he
became a citizens for good so I'm taking
my mom to Dubai and she's super excited
that she's even talking to Nima without
my permission
when he's always like are you coming to
Dubai with us maybe I was kidding maybe
no like you know what I mean like I'm
like but how do you know I'm gonna take
you to Dubai what if I was you told me
before what if I'm kidding yes all right
guys as I told you in the beginning of
the vlog today that I'm
myself on day 60 without a shirt so I am
gonna show you this right now you can
make all you want fun of me but they 60
while they 60 long days your ash would
say I'll be in the best shape of my life
I'm not gonna cheat I'm not gonna drink
alcohol I know you guys all surprised
but I'm you know what I'm telling you so
you can doubt me but you remember when
you doubt me I'm always gonna trying to
be the best so if you guys want to start
this challenge with me it's not too late
just be healthy and workout then you
lose some weight
so I know I'm with the program to push
me but you can get a DVD at home or
whatever whatnot you know it's never too
late
brenton is starting with me he's not
going to be drinking neither he's gonna
be running every day two three models
maybe four and he's gonna be eating
healthy also
but anyways new 2011 I was in the best
shape of my life and had a six-pack I
was feeling great you know when you look
good you feel great so that's how I used
to do you know you should look at the
beach girls always compliment me you
know and just hell I won't stop but
mentally I'm unstable right and mentally
because of my shape people tell me I'll
be telling you in shape you're not fat
like no that's not how I look so today
I'm going to show you and next time I'm
gonna show you myself shirtless will be
amazing this is me yes I got some muscle
probably under you know if I flex and
stuff men imagine me on date 60 hominid
look like that besides is all gonna go
this is me next time ladies and
gentlemen when you see me without a
shirt he's gonna be on day zero and I
promise you you're getting the wall
who's that Vitaly
I'm gonna prove it to you guys I'm gonna
make you proud and inspired my villains
thank you guys all right guys it's
looking to an end I hope you guys
enjoyed tomorrow's gonna be an epic day
on the movie set of natural born
pranksters I'm gonna bring you guys
along with me so don't forget to come
back tomorrow and I'm sorry about the
last two vlogs that were kind of short
yeah I know but there aren't just fun
days and you know
I know you guys want me to keep logging
all my life and all that but anyways
come back tomorrow don't forget to give
this video a big thumbs up thank you so
much for watching and I'll see you
tomorrow
