what's up villains welcome to another
vlog today check this out yo I got my
boy Jay I got this guy Brandon and I got
Kosta Kosta you ready were jumping today
by the questions with the parachute can
open or not it's for us to find out and
for you to watch for entertainment the
pressure doesn't open I guess you're not
watching that video right I get you in
each encounter she does I get a YouTube
account and a Dayton mom check this out
check this out but look at this
so Brenda tell me about my way I weigh
215 she says I'm going to be flying down
like crazy if I use Akershus down yeah
so I mean loading is too crazy how much
anyway one yeah I need to get down to
190 this is the sport this is motivation
good stuff all right guys let's do this
we're about to skydive jump cut
Constantine today you know what they
said in the comments about him the
parachute needs a music holy shit guys
this is half-time for selfies yeah not a
video he Minds going to come back but
this is it I'm putting a suit on his jaw
stop
can you say hi to the villains to be my
main instructor this is happening my
first jump I trained for this that genes
come to reality and I ask for a job yeah
Oh a nice much better yeah excel all up
yeah my favorite colors blue and black
says his birthday this is happening
all right does not have vodka in his
coffee and the parachute needs you
you need a parachute our cost I wish you
luck we're gonna do it see another side
of that bill good rigs back stretch all
right that's not going to be obviously
coming out right window maybe nothing
for height right now so this go-around
right hey guys you experienced the first
jump with me are they carry Constantine
oh right I'm here do you go by nickname
this game ends like it came in and came
back to use it at first Mike came in or
caveman king came hey man I got you
alright Vitali welcome to scatter
parents how are you thank you I'm
feeling great I'm great I'm great I'm
great so you're gonna go to your FF
level one
yes my first jump first jump ever right
now I just hand them and device guys
have to buy over the pond but my dream
was to jump over the pond by myself so
that's why I'm here today to get up to
that level
very very cool awesome awesome stage
your first jump FS okay and what do you
want to say to those people watching the
skin the video villains I know you going
to be watching this is my first jump
you're doing it with me obviously the
videos off my parachute open so now if
it's for you guys to witness my first
jump ever
you guys ready here we go this is my
first jump ever I'm strapped they're
they holding me out super fucking
nervous
Wow look at might be I'm so scared right
now I'm scared for my life look look at
him dingaling
not calm at all they tell me to calm
down I'm like what's going on like I'm
trying to be calm so they give me
handshakes I calm down arch arch your
back is down to means like the B side
means feet out I'm just lost I'm trying
to follow the directions Adrenaline's
pumping out of my roof and then I
balanced out and I forget that I need to
do my parachute check the opening sheet
look I started losing balance look at me
look at this pathetic but hey it's my
first jump easy right easy on me so here
we go I come down and I try it again
locking myself at 6,000 feet 55
hundred I whale off and open look at me
ah
calm down well that was my first job
guys
Oh God holy shit holy Brook we did it we
were like little girls oh you guys are
right finish it needs me to go with when
I was in the air and the pressure open I
was by myself screaming I'd have
happened as I started tearing up that
was the best feeling in the world I
don't I'm not gonna lie I don't think I
did good I was all over the place even
the teachers told me they're gonna
probably take notes
hopefully I thought oh wow I mean I'll
pools that was the most important part
and I found it a pool and he landed
safely I landed safely actually really
good and yeah you guys going to get
kicked I'm sure you guys already watch
the video so you guys get kicked out of
it but that was my first jump ever in a
while was all over the way any must do
it everybody must do it in the
liberating experience it is just amazing
the best thing about it your own little
once but if you live once once and see
exactly what's it going to do a
voiceover for jump number two but you
know what look how sexy this jump is
ready three two one whoo BAM a little
tingle step right there that's it check
me out look how sexy I am
oh and added some music so looking in
cooler but not for real guys check this
out much better much calmer just
chilling just chill BAM
look slow relax check this out
nice she spins around so level two I
have to learn how to go forward check
this out you can boil you the Superman
Man oh I'm going forward six seconds and
have to stop check multimeter always use
like we got time for one more ready Oh
Superman that's right then that's it
guys this is my second John much clearer
much better
welcome back what'd he think it was
awesome yeah number two is better than
Amalek yeah yeah well my opinion yes
this is pc sss all right well thanks for
jumping with us again and hope to see
you back
whoo dude did you see my first freaking
video I was all over because you have to
do a check in with them and I was just
all over the place a horrible horrible I
was screaming kicking like a little girl
she said but the second jump is much
cleaner finally got back to LA with my
boy Kosta Kosta what did you tell them
today's the day what day are the
guidance day the very first when the
Russian sent this cosmonaut into space
so it's a day of Cosmo oh and would jump
on this day see I told you everything
happens for a reason that's crazy well
I'm glad our precious opens we're two
levels in was amazing thanks for taking
me this time we're going to take turns
next time I'm driving that's why that
was amazing that was really cool it's a
really life-changing guys yes and we're
doing it against many many more times
and then we're going to go around the
world enjoy different places oh I'm back
home on the couch thank God I didn't
think I'm gonna sit on this couch again
just kidding
all right guys thank you so much for
watching we accomplished this together
please give it a big thumbs up your boy
got a sky diving license blood but I got
to do 23 more jumps to actually travel
and jump alone maybe hold hands with Jay
maybe a little makeout or maybe the
first person to spread Nutella on the
girls booty in the air what that's too
much information that's for later here
but thank you guys seriously so much
Bulgarian see in today Sofia Bulgaria
maybe I should do a meet-up in Bulgaria
right and causing another chaos and
coach LLL see you tomorrow thank you
guys the Sudan yeah love you
