let's welcome to another vlog so
everybody wanted to know why I didn't
streak the Super Bowl this year well
this vlog is going to tell you all about
it and it's going to recap of all the
days that are minutes of logging which
is like week and a half so please watch
it enjoy so the end and you will find
out all about it
what's up villains it's that day well
not really that day that day is going to
happen in four days
I'm streaking the Superbowl and I know I
said that last year 2016 but at the
canal NFL one but this year is 2017 it's
not going to be NFL it's going to be NFL
Liu Bei take in an L this year last time
I said in my seats in the first minutes
FBI Homeland Security and a federal
agents came with my ticket
$14,000 tickets in front of me we're
like we're not refining you you got to
go you know what he won I've eaten that
much
I'm going to the bank to withdraw cash
and give it to Tony to deposit in Tony's
account the guy behind camera the myth
the legend and then we're going to
basically buy with his credit cards
because I'm sure 100% they're looking
for my name right now in the system and
last year I'm not going to lie I was in
the rush I was a gullible about
everything under my name and I did a
tweet if I get one hundred thousand
retweets I'm gonna streak down the phone
stupid
brother what are you doing
I'm not taking an L this year last year
I paid for my tickets $14,000 and it
took an L this is basically what NFL did
to $14,000 let's freak let's forget
about the ticket to ticket it's a one
thing it's like no just pretend you take
scissors and you cut this this is
$15,000 in half of Italia open the box
now in your apartment gonna have to give
you go who's the project question is the
Tyler what are you getting your diamond
soon I gotta upload and I had a lot of
things in store for you if you guys want
to rewind dressed up because we actually
are going to see John wake number two
I'm super excited we're going through
the red carpet premiere and I got
invited so I'm feeling finally I'm
getting to go to red carpet we just got
to the red carpet oh thanks for this
thanks for come up and the we're about
to walk the red carpet scene but I'm not
gonna read
oh I'm but I'm there I mean you're kind
of that many followers on YouTube some
bigger head oh he's a legend look at my
daddy daddy I'm proud of you daddy
don't you ever disrespect my schedule
coming out I hope you enjoy the show
I hope John Nick I just didn't really
finish it John oh oh joy right have a
great night thank you John wake up you
just got out the movies and it was
amazing surface shake what's up baby see
that it's like a crazy action headshot
headshot you remind me of kind of strike
1.6 and I know I mentioned that a lot
look like bam bam bam that's what I want
to do right now you know what they need
to collab with you need to collab with
the Russian hitman I think that's
supposed to happen
the movie was amazing guys and we're
about to go throughout the party no
drinking for your boy or good food
Ottoman reduce food you dragging me Loki
yeah I want food bro
yeah we should weed that's actually good
kilos actually recording it no it's not
herpes dude stop Taiwan and 70% of
America Abbot anyways throughout the
novel y'all we're here which is near
look at this bro this is my this is my
project this is my project
chop chop
Tanya come on baby he looks so beautiful
that's my fat daddy actually well
anyways yeah we're you're out and then
it's eating healthy lifestyle we're
about to go skate Jay hook me up with
some awesome white shoes that are ripped
already so I look like a professional
skateboarder right now you know I'm a
pro go about to meet Justin and we're
going to go shred live the healthy
lifestyle we have a lot of projects
coming up yeah I have a lot of project
Oh what's all of the by B are they all
asking where's it the by video fired a
week now we do that week
Wow it's going to rotate the road game
top villains welcome to another vlog and
I'm sending kind of quiet I don't know
sure it'd be vlogging but this is the
truck today I'm going to be driving
around La and picking up trash that's
the consequences you get for climbing
the ds-160 hours I got not that no I got
a lot left over 100 hours but anyways
I'm going to bring you guys along with
me I hope I don't get caught blogging
and yeah let's go woo you see this these
did it that's me but without my name
alright so we're just learning the
Houston Texas and we're about 36 hours
before the Superbowl
it's 12:30 in the morning right now and
I'm going to go to sleep because
tomorrow I wake up and practically to my
friends I'm going to take my pants off
how I'm going to disguise just plan it
out
I'm not taking an L this year I'm not
this time I'm going to skies and this is
my first rehearsal see how long it's
going to take me take everything off
because this got to go smooth I'm not
taking an L NFL because you're going to
be NFL
all right we're Ronnie who practices
we're getting my call to you
happy feet always have a drop form white
chat phone because they going to take my
iPhone away and I don't want that week
to accord and sis this is a throwaway
phone I call Tony you're filming yes
thank you
yeah
beautiful
Oh
so about three tickets for the Super
Bowl there were about $4,000 each with
taxes we came out to $14,000 and yes I
did lose the $14,000 so let me how to
tell you what happened after the third
quarter I walk down through the tunnel
walk the thick down the elevator was
nerve-racking take down the elevator I
go down the elevator and they're like
mimics your badges when it's your badges
in my shoulder like that China one of my
friends he doesn't work with Super Bowl
but he's like a party crasher a bad
crash here you go gets in and every time
free and he got me I don't know how he
got me he got me a halftime shirt and he
got me a halftime he got me a half a
t-shirt and he got me a halftime
bracelet you like that's all you need
let me get one it let me get your ticket
so you can give it to my boy and they
just looked at tickets as credential so
we'll walk down to the elevator and once
we get out of the elevator this is where
the locker room the players they can
excel agent and the ladies like women's
your credentials are weighted and
they're like he's good he's good so
walking through the tunnel walk walk
walking like whatever go with our God
another saying he's like when the exits
having went into that sign maker right
like I'm sure in acting room eyes and I
give you the exit sign
I make a right and there were security
and I see the field the field was like
maybe so close and he's like let me see
your credentials and I tried to show him
and he's like nah I need your official
credential naughty no with that man at
somebody else he has a way she has a wig
he looks funny I'm like I'm done that's
it they twisted my arm they bring it to
the office the cops came handcuff me and
they walked me out again
gripped my ticket again
and that's a girl again but I'm
dedicated if I want something I'm gonna
get it but so you have to know in life
if you fail you're going to get up and
do it again you fail my youtube channel
same thing I was failing failing and
getting you subscribers views failing I
was trying failing truck failing you
know so I got caught I got arrested I
got a hand like rhythm to recipes
because don't come back not like where I
went to jail and everything and I'm not
gonna lie I took a no and that's the
whole story I got I got caught right by
the locker room so I should I ran
through so basically I said oh we just
went through and being it heated but
then I got arrested so trying to keep it
calm maybe they will let me go anything
but you know if you're being let me go
that sucks it sucks oh well there's
always next year
what's up valence welcome to another
vlog thank you for coming back I hope
you guys enjoyed the prank thank you for
all the love comments thank you thank
you and yeah so I'm going to pick up my
fish show building merch you guys been
asking me when is the last command I
wanted to build accounts coming out when
is it Alaska I'm gonna be coming out
soon but this shows villain merchandise
is amazing
tornado you guys think this is a game
this is the man right here cartel
closing what's up raw things we're going
to be working a lot together working on
the store right now here like look at
this I'm going to be giving away too bro
I like this that's so creative Wow we're
going to do you who is your designer you
do it too right you okay my way you tell
you how are you working on something
crazy so we got something fucking sleek
and coming out fucking crazy crazy
people crazy you're gonna love it
shortly so we just go back to Hollywood
after the warehouse and I'm in my own
quick you look good I know it's the hair
that I like sticking oh yeah okay yeah
yeah so we're about to do a dope
Instagram picture get a doughnut I got a
cup of coffee
not to be racist or anything nah but now
I just want to dope Instagram picture oh
if you're watching this vlog the picture
is already off to go comment let me know
if you like it you know it's a very
risky job sometimes you come there's
nothing
sometimes you go on there's a lot of
homicides going on I don't know what
like last time the homeless I'd happen
about two years ago and then each one I
have to go until the murder because some
guy some girl overdose over eating too
much chocolate on the Horseman's ass or
the guy Africa I don't give a shit up on
my job it's like I just do if you get a
quick little paycheck
we're using all those LH means I'm a cop
I get away with shit off so you can't be
careful
you're careful once you're new you know
magic truth I'm a cop and then I'm a no
actually a magic trick I'm a regular
person I'm a gangster it's like being a
it's like being a let me show you think
that see this is a cup of coffee and
there's cops are behind us I don't give
a shit a whole developing me because on
the name so they scare me but look at a
cup of coffee right and then you open a
cup of coffee it's a donut University a
magic trick like that all right guys
thank you so much for watching this vlog
if you want me to shoot the Super Bowl
next year please give this vlog a big
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for everything seriously guys I
love you and I will announce the phone
giveaway winner tomorrow tomorrow's vlog
let's do die
