good morning villains so today is a very
that special that would say but I'm here
with NEMA or sup guys good morning away
in my room because Brennan is sleeping
right now but we are actually gonna
prank him right now we're about to take
a plane one of the Nima's plane tickets
to Miami and say I'm setting bread
change at Brennan's name in it Photoshop
it and say you gotta go to the dude he
was booed yeah so we're gonna have I
have a bunch of flights I've taken to
Miami before we're gonna go in we're
gonna change his name and then he thinks
he has to move out today just out of
nowhere like I'm moving in this just
like after breakfast I'm gonna come back
and be like yo we got she ticket like
you gotta go
what are you doing uh now we're adding
his name into the mix oh my like Brandon
uh
Eppley eat EPL I have fixed find a font
well it's gonna be so good so NEMA just
changed his fly to a bit photoshopping
because it said from Fort Lauderdale to
Los Angeles post which the backwards and
we're gonna make him live tonight like
at 11 p.m.
dude we should make him pack his bags
all the way like Edie tell him at the
door like at nine o'clock when he's like
getting ready to go it's so fucked up
right but I'm down
you are so NEMA sign me up on periscope
oh yeah
so now a ferret Sally's first parents go
we do this and now I got this a
delicious Nutella crepe my diet starts
tomorrow not to me yet tomorrow my diet
starts to my Monday Monday I'm gonna be
Monday well yeah technically it's Monday
Monday Monday tomorrow diet starts
tomorrow for sure
and on the vlog you guys should follow
Batali's periscope it's the same name of
his Twitter thank you thank you me my
wife nice to do so we came to what's
what's the name of this place nail bar
and beauty lounge I will they're giving
us champagne and orange
a surgery yeah and look at Golnesa
getting the whole treatment over here
we're all a little bit hungover from
last night let's get our nails though
you want to get on the other side Yeah
right foot massage
you show you oh thank you good show
Cheers chill my most I think it's the
only way I can cure this hangover
that 90 made me want to have one hey I
would recommend it hi hi guys so we
decided to go to the fair right now to a
LA County Fair and my eyes look like
crap
let enough sleep but what are those NEMA
Wow weed spiral to me we went with
Vanessa earlier and she was getting her
nails done and I sat there and got a
pedicure then said give my toenails
painted so are you trying to pick up a
guy or no actually more girls will talk
to me with painted nails
what are you doing it for the girls yeah
of course that's good
yeah pretty disgusting right now don't
fried food
have a great time tally myself
you just found that
alright first right of the day you ready
to
you ready bro
I've got a man at Mema this I bought my
Floyd Mayweather fight and then he made
me leave to go to this fair so now I'm
missing the fight first off we recorded
the fight bass not the same watching the
fight you won't know who won and then
look at where we are this is about
living life oh really hi this is hiking
right now you want the one you want
alright so we're about to play this game
if you make it into a blue one we had a
big prize
hi so I think we have an offer here on
the table
Brendan goes bungee jumping from that
thing over there
if he goes bungee jumping I'm gonna buy
him a brand new guitar tomorrow morning
right before breakfast I will drive to
the store with them I was on the gob
pick up pick any guitar up to $1500 and
it's yours and one just home all you
lose bungee-jump guitar hi so here's a
psychic reading sidekick reading this
it was pretty real
yeah so we went to a fortune teller and
she was good she literally said
everything that happened in the past and
everything in the present and it was all
accurate and all she asked was what's
the name of my date of birth
some of them I guess she knows my
personal I was always against fortune
teller
me too I hated it and I was mindfuck I
got I got our goosebumps so many
different times you guys definitely
should do it definitely recommending
yeah
yes oh my god
oh good hey six legs was awesome gibbah
died she was crazy
No
that was fun it's like this Bob is the
batter looks like a thing that comes in
for a little bit I would you go back bro
been a rollercoaster you went skydiving
together we also were in Cobra cadence
together and we were actually like this
is like a reality
yeah that was really cool you know I
like to come here I like to come to the
to the fair we get to eat some terrible
food for us we get to play some games
surprise
yeah
yeah how would you going
the jeep ones have your tickets come on
let's go
we're down to this better that's awesome
don't also the don't hate they never got
abused though I just I don't like
Heights
yo you guys ready to go to the biggest
roller coaster of your life right there
maybe you might see
I'm gonna film you if I get screaming
for your life
Wow odd Brandon
for a lot more all the way up pegs down
to your right
all right
is there water any serious
you actually got up and done that
why do you keep hitting him in the box
he's like I'm so sometimes just so angry
at him that I would just want to like
squeeze the nut and I wanted to pop my
girl or she squeezed your own do you not
have any tonight I need to unleash the
beast the load I should say okay it's
fine he's gonna go to the read a book
and go to sleep
oh my god all right guys I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog it's the next day
where I actually had my mouth was orange
from just drink but we are actually
planning our to more pranks that we're
gonna shoot for natural born pranksters
and everybody's here Christian Dennis
everybody go find out tomorrow what
happens but all of you guys don't forget
to come back tomorrow thank you so much
for watching and I'll sit down
you're buying about
