that's right guys I love you what's
going on villains another day with
Vitaly and Brennan that's right so today
we're gonna finish my prank finish
because it's fire its fire the prank is
super fire we're gonna finish that prank
and we're gonna head off to what are we
heading we're gonna head off you know
NEMA is coming for two days she wants
this he wants to stay with me and yeah
we're gonna film up shots on sunset
tonight I don't know if some of you
watch it it's reality TV shows about
Persians but yeah so I don't know let's
go hang out guys and it's a wrap dude we
finished it hell yeah dude we came out
here less than an hour got the best
reaction to complete the video it's like
a little cherry on top so yeah it's time
to go home damn to pranks in one week
Wow this is stolen it's vitally coming
back huh I got another one I'm filming
tomorrow so definitely on my grind guys
they can't wait to show you what I've
been working on
super super all actually next week I'm
just realizing we're finishing the
natural born pranksters I've got two
pranks to film I think so yeah i think
that it's flying out but anyways guys
yeah driving home right now to meet NEMA
and then start tonight I guess
why hello there so we meet again yes
he's back just like my apartment and so
does the other
no no so what are we doing tonight I
already told him a little bit why don't
you tell him a little more tonight we're
going out we're going to a club and
we're filming actually for Shahs of
Sunset
yeah for season 5 well look at this he
brought a bottle of a what is this it's
a nice and yellow bottle of patron
yeah it's much better it's my last
weekend partying Monday I'm starting my
thing be believing me I believe in the
account it's only me hanging we're gonna
make it up with this bottle and yeah
we're gonna have a great time tonight
let's see where the night takes us
alright so we got our location Gebo
what's wrong you had a couple of drinks
I had more than a couple of drinks
so would you look at the view look at
the view we're gonna get it okay that's
pretty awesome right so this is
Sherman's place okay Sherman's my old
roommate remember that I don't know if
you guys have seen the Scarface new
video yeah I used to live in that house
and you guys were the shooters everybody
knows it yeah we were the shooters but
uh now we don't live there anymore we
don't live together anymore he descended
I'm moving here and I'm up north in the
bay area now you know you got to focus
in because you're too hot for the camera
all right okay I got a really cool
cousin here so we got the camera crew
over there they're taking the lights
down and this is what's up girls Dinah
show me the gloves she was one of the
first employees of Facebook dude that
would be them maybe than my thumbnail oh
we got Gigi in the house Gigi's my
cousin Gigi's show me the boobies gonna
get some calcium anyways
what's up hey she lives but does she
squat let me see it alright so anyways
we're about to go where we're going so
we're going out somewhere I can't block
myself with the light with the
flashlight and the camera so that's why
I'm letting NEMA talk but we're gonna go
out to a glove yeah we're gonna go out
we're gonna have a fun time we got we
got Persian girls that's a personal
purchase and all sorts of girls coming
and we're gonna have a to be a fun I
guess what else coming the villains are
coming with us
yes I'm glad you guys are coming you
guys are the best
NEMA does love you know I really do you
guys talk to so many nice things about
him I feel like you're the only person
that people don't talk shit about on my
vlogs I enjoy the villains and I enjoy
all the people that watch the vlogs and
we I mean we did have a legendary
experience from which are they new you
throw yeah wait we travel the world we
did we did we went to a bunch of
countries we went to like eight
countries together you December's coming
up we have to do it again yeah hey
should we go on another trip together
and if we are question of the day where
should we go yeah so where would you
like to see battalion myself in December
in December January to go travel the
world should we go back to Dubai should
we go to Africa should we go to South
America you know wherever we go we're
gonna do some dope shit
so you guys tell us what do you guys
think we should follow her and he was a
bit holding my hand the whole time like
don't fuck maybe well anyways we're
about to go out
hi Sharon okay called you nice Lambo
all right do I have to okay baby said
good night is only starting and she's
already complaining I'm not gay he said
he was gonna babysit so watch the
babysitting in action guys you see this
hill here this is like yes let's go oh
okay oh you trust me you're not gonna
fall weirdo hi guys so we're heading to
this club and I guess I'm uh I'm
three ladies back what you got those
closes would tell me you're honest just
tell me your honesty what these gloves
about do you want me to take a ticket
let me put on my but let's see what it
delivers hi guys I can't block this
because I'm gonna have to all to have a
little fun oh look at her she put the
ACE no it's not boring but you show me
your face like you like it give me your
face like and she's having to see so
loud he when she wants her hair all wavy
look at that the helicopter is pointing
right there how about to tell you
something I didn't tell you guys before
when I was a in high school there was a
helicopter with a spotlight and I ran
under it with my friends and I ran
across the street
and helicopter chased me and my friends
and the full of the cop cars and it was
the most absurd scene ever
that's one of my facts
I said the next day guys and things got
wild things got very well and actually
this camera I don't know what happened
to right now but we look like balloons a
little bit minute so we had a fun night
last night about to go to breakfast I'm
about to end this vlog hoped you guys
enjoyed the vlog the girls I didn't know
what I didn't know I remember kissing I
remember playing rock paper scissors and
kissing I know hopefully it was
entertaining vlog don't forget to thumbs
up please comment oh the comment of the
day was the where are they gonna
wouldn't where they want us to go yeah
where do you what do you guys want us a
travel next so no she would go to Africa
should we go to Yogi's batted I okay
cool I don't remember wasted alright
guys I'll see you tomorrow
