good morning from Inglewood California
what's up villains how you doing I'm
here with Brandon filming another prank
hey stop bitching what do you would eat
what's your problem what's your problem
damn anyways another prank with Brendan
and I promise y'all wanna make you guys
wait months for pranks anymore I'm on my
grind I really want to be releasing
pranks back to back back to back back to
back so I'm here in Inglewood right now
looking for a perfect target to prank
can't tell you what a prank is but it's
gonna be pretty pretty wild I just
totally got these dudes this yeah you
got me man this dude this dude and then
he recognized me after he's the fuckin
guy here oh yeah so you're gonna move my
ass it's gonna beat the breaks off your
ass you're a nice guy all right guys so
we've been driving around for about five
hours and getting the best reactions
ever and yeah as you can see it's in
today's vlog but this is crazy this is
crazy how these people react about this
prank I'm not gonna reveal what we're
doing but you guys gonna cheat Sunday
yeah pump up loading pranks back to back
back to back back to back oh let's get
this bad let's get this good what you
doing running all right staying healthy
huh monday monday guys I start my 60-day
transformation oh boy oh boy oh my
anyways guys right now we're gonna go to
long some simple pickup and we're about
to do you a name sorry for any second
channel so yeah should be exciting hi
guys so I just got to simple pickup
offices and I thought you got cheese
with this but I guess it's off bro you
can ride this is awesome dude this beats
all those yeah that
look for cheese like for the meat you
can select
can I try it is it hard hi it's pretty
hard you probably not gonna be able to
do where'd you get it from so wait how
do you do it you didn't hold it you just
get on it just hold on see you're like
okay so you're this right here needs to
touch this Oh see that from beginning is
a drunk-driving do you want it
completely straight
are you ready you like a pro that
society Hey look at this guy
damn son well dude this beats all those
little freaking pores yo what is up guys
welcome to another episode of tea time
with simple pick up today our guest is
Vitaly
a good friend of ours and he was just
drunk off the streets and we just pull
him in
like that is driving I came here to have
water but they made me drink tea this is
just a clear liquid deep just just just
- just - it's like moment well just
alike all the potential advertisers no
we don't condone drinking alcohol
Michelle the only conductor to tea okay
me sorry because small myself even
though it is a bit crazy sex adventure
you had earrings what a blast Thor that
okay yeah what is this so they were
straight tomorrow basically laughing is
I come to girls mallet she says open
your mouth she spits it back into my
mouth and then I can utter shit back no
no no and then I'm just like Oh spit
this out spit it back into my mouth I
spit it back into her mouth anxious
calls it so that's that's probably like
the nasty story yeah but everybody
happened everybody everybody has heard
that story before
so the second crazy story I got I guess
would be no no there's no second that's
great I mean where he told this woman at
tea time but the craziest is I picked up
a girl that was crying because either
her boyfriend yelled at her that night
or some guy got mad at her
and she was crying I picked her up took
her behind a bush and made her suck my
cock then she was very nice yeah
wow that's like our guy's we just filmed
the Q&A with these guys and it's tea
time drinking tea
dude it was very really vulgar - number
- yeah it was pretty family-friendly I
would say it's family-friendly you write
there's very family-friendly so I think
they make sure in the country would
appreciate our bread is not smile our
brand is fucking crime or make sure you
watch this with your mom make sure you
watch this video daddy and you know
instead of look at the background they
just thought oh how cute it was instead
of the method Netflix show you watch
make sure you watch this teatime bring
everyone in a month I was like don't
even turn it on - come on push play sit
back relax and enjoy the show you guys
will not be disappointed trust me you
guys will not be just cleared that's
what I'm saying you're not with a simple
pickup right here and best friends and
best buddies and best interviewers and
best questionary and best family
friendly Fiji confident tea and irrigate
deep inside all right guys very usual
the next day and guess what I just did I
went to Beachbody for my before pictures
I'm starting my transformation Monday 60
days no drinking no cheating nothing and
I'm bringing you on the journey with me
I'm gonna take off my shirt on the day I
start and show you how it look like in a
day 60 you will see a hard look like I
cannot wait I'll be actually labeling
the days we should label the days right
yeah label the day is 60 59 and
countdown to one zero
say so yeah don't forget to come back
tomorrow thank you so much for watching
this vlog I love you guys
the sadhana oh that new prank is gonna
be fired GP when you eat watermelon if
you had a vagina would you let me lick
it or no movie aqui
