what is up what is up villains yeah
another day metas Beach and a ratchet
his Beach got Brandon hey hey why you
laughing Papa I was singing at the
Franklin he still can't get over Johnny
Depp anyways waiting for Haley we're
gonna do a prank with Haley today and
she should be here any minute and yeah
you guys wanted to serve me the piece
videos I uploaded it and yeah some of
you mostly you like this I must have you
didn't but I know we didn't like it the
new subscriber that just came in did you
know where and how I started with so it
doesn't really bother me you know not
every videos a jackpot so yeah I
appreciate who won all the hardcore fans
out there that know disturbing the peace
and know you know how I started you guys
liked it so but anyways moving on to the
next prank alright guys so we're about
to film and let's see what happens it's
really awkward my bra just came undone
I'm trying to fix it cuz you please
change my bra just came on down she like
come to me help me thank you
it's really awkward I know booties like
fix it yeah I'm sorry this is awkward
no Haley didn't leave you for two
minutes hi sorry this monetary sister
sigh she was 16
no why would you do that do that you
might as well fuck a baby four guys are
just sick no look at what's the problem
why would you touch my own I know thank
you
sister hey 1216
sometime there didn't do anything
our brains 90% of their you series soon
as you walk man not really
so I was like oh no I should go work
bringing four years coming tonight yeah
yeah no like that never put like most of
you guys recognized until one of them we
had and then instead of recognizing
how are ya good what's up man what's up
with you
I was just wondering can I put my
sausage in your buns can I put myself in
your buns VP when you eat watermelon if
you had a vagina would you let me lick
it or no move yeah Nikki I stomach
around the dingo or not no okay thank
you you Loki what's up with your Loki
never shadow bankers over in the Black
Friday like oh sure which would you buzz
bye you're right here Venice we should
Italian man know how it go that's right
oh yeah
getting your babies ice cream Oh
appreciative oh I see good don't drop
the ice cream well we're leaving Venice
Beach and so much for filming today
everybody was recognizing me like 90% so
I just said screw it we're left I have a
meeting with Kong I'm actually doing
their QA for their video kong and then
we're gonna meet you cough from dude
Suns let me get to meet everybody dude I
know I used to watch you tongue oh yeah
I think so yeah they yeah so we're gonna
do it
Yuuka we're gonna plan a prank for this
week tomorrow filming a really really
Frank comes to almost hit somebody
talking to you guys that's how much I
love you ready to hit somebody but
anyway so yeah I'll bring you guys along
with me and we'll see what's gonna
happen today
all right guys about to meet up with
Yuka and grab a nice little car you
ready
anyways yeah I haven't seen you in a
while so this is gonna be very very
interesting
all right we got the man himself what's
up dude getting excited getting excited
yes so we just talked about our Frank
we're gonna do this week and we came up
with a pretty good idea we haven't shot
anything for it what we're about a year
it's about time with you having ideas
cooking up in our brain and you're about
to release episode with me on your
channel yeah yeah yeah I'm inside of him
why he's doing it and what he's doing Oh
what the fuck's going on in this head
and we're planning to me for me to go to
Finland and flip a car maybe go fly over
fire do something crazy but anyways
check out your son's and Yuka were about
to do something crazy
she's something shocking I know I've
been saying that for a while but I'm
gonna do some himself so be careful guys
the last time we ended up we try to burn
ourselves good yeah and we got cops
called on us sometimes few times and
then what else do we do oh yeah and we
were like freaking uh yeah meeting
people cried over a baby oh yeah baby
say babies that's a touchy topic it
could be yeah maybe this days
watch out all right so I paid for an
hour and a half and I don't know how
this happened mom if you're watching
this don't call me and yell at me okay
I'll paint it but again again dude this
city milks you four tickets
I guess I gotta be more in our net you
know what you know it was a good meeting
when an hour and a half when I was five
minutes you should put it on that car
hey they'll end up paying it who's smart
they won't even look at it to read the
name because I just look at the prize
fifty three bucks fifty three bucks if
your waiter in LA and you get tickets
like this you can't afford it and it's
sad
so yeah this ticket should be at ten
twenty dollars it's not much well what's
up guys we got some views for you guys
from of course my biggest my biggest
probably following is from Middle East
yeah I love you guys you guys are
awesome Dubai's the best time I go for
Formula One so Abu Dhabi
yeah dropping a lot of I think the doors
and yeah it was cool well let's take a
picture
what happened Yuka and the car in front
of us in front of me that yuccas I
should put the ticular there was a
ticket you oh I'm telling you this city
makes so much money just tickets tickets
too heavy do you actually pay them yeah
of course I don't wanna get my license
to spend I have never had my license has
been and never will I don't have one so
I probably get what yeah that counts
good oh that's nice alright guys already
know it's the next day thank you so much
for watching don't forget to give this
leg a big thumbs up and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
all right let's dine it so Brendan
doesn't believe that I know Johnny Depp
and I'm gonna put him on the spot in
front of Johnny good yeah he doesn't
believe he's like you don't know Johnny
Depp he doesn't believe he didn't know
Jenny that he comes all the time
yeah all the time
