what up what up villains another day
here and what a little sir
yeah everything's great thanks thank you
so dude
you ready yeah do it to kill it this
week yeah yeah it's so positive for some
people but for us it's something you
didn't thought to work yes bye guys
after getting a lot of work done Brendan
and I headed to the Grove right now he
was dude that emailed me and he wanted
to give me a new prop for a prank which
is really a good good good problem I
don't know how good it's gonna work but
I'm gonna get it and I'm gonna try to
pull the spring and I've been editing
all day am I just serving the beast
first serving a piece and I'm not gonna
need me disturbing the peace I'm gonna
name it disorderly conduct which pretty
much means the same thing
Wow you know I'm gonna do ten parts of
disorderly conduct I'm really hyped me
and Brendan left our ass off today I
don't know where I left off guys because
the camera went blurry actually got to
get a new camera cuz the dust is inside
the lands inside the lens I don't know
how it happened but it's super camera
goes in and out of focus all the time so
it's painted ass but yeah as you
watching this right now disturbing the
peace is life which call disorderly
conduct I hope you guys enjoy it and
please don't forget the time to prank up
if you won there and yeah what do we do
today went food shopping food shopping
what else
food shopping with Matt Edie and we also
uh now we're going to be described for
the problem so yeah so Brendan doesn't
believe that I know Johnny Depp and I'm
gonna put him on the spot and so I'm
Johnny good yeah he doesn't believe he's
like you don't know Johnny Depp he
doesn't believe me that I know Jenny
that he comes here all the time
yeah all the time we were met in Florida
and sabe no no we never you want a
picture all right
are you sweaty row not school dude check
that with so this is manager oh oh yeah
yeah okay I want to take it here you did
marry them what hap
Ilia awesome dudes are gratefully dude
how do you feel thinking to picture
Johnny Depp pretty cool I that's pretty
whadda you knew you were did you said it
sweaty do you know this is actually it
wasn't Johnny Depp it was the guy that
sends the hollow Boulevard in the
costume he looks like him right good
yeah I would like I know Johnny Depp
he's my neighbor he comes here all the
time and he's like no shit I really say
yeah I did
do you really thought you might evening
Johnny Depp will be hanging out like
that I don't do he looked just like him
oh yeah like him and I was I love you
dude cuz he i don't know me no that was
how yeah brang alright guys don't get
mad I know it was a super short vlog and
we we do we did we met Johnny that
Johnny Depp yeah and Brendan thought it
was Johnny that we met Johnny gently but
tomorrow is gonna be a very exciting day
because I get to go prank with Hayley
and I also get to see Yuka from dude
Suns which I haven't seen we gonna plan
a big prank big shocking prank so I'm
super excited about that what else do I
have to update you up another update
next week we actually have to film two
more pranks it was made by distribution
company where was told the web from to
more pranks for natural born pranksters
and the movie is coming out very soon I
know I have been telling you guys about
this movie hyping it up but it's very
very soon and I think it's gonna change
all our lives this movie I don't know do
you think it's gonna change mine you
should I'll be on IMDB baby
I am DVDs guy filmer but anyways don't
forget to come back tomorrow
thank you so much for watching these
videos thank you for everything once
again for all your support for for
everything I just love you yeah bye
anyways see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to thumbs up this video
thanks again and that's it Danny are you
moving in are you moving in are you
moving in look at this look at this
Wow
