what up villains another day here I
don't want to be too loud because right
now we're at Starbucks and we got this
awesome peach smell spray and Brenda and
I are gonna mess around for a little bit
until I have dinner with my mom I've
dinner with my mom in a couple hours and
yeah wait wait can we talk can I tell
him what happened the other night what
all right so we were at this club right
and right before we left he was like it
was a most important thing for him to
grab a spray which is that so he we get
in the club he bumps into some girl and
he's like and she said something to him
and he walks up to me goes give me the
spring give me the spray it was a
funniest thing I ever saw he walks up he
walks up to her and straight up just
goes like Shh put to her pants you
sprayed it on her pants right like right
on a panda it kind of yeah imagine she's
watching this she's gonna hate me she
don't know it is I didn't tell ya she
was super mean to me so I was like oh
okay you want to be mean to me well I'm
gonna spray them enjoy well yeah then
she came up to me and she's like did you
puke did you puke on me
wait no no and the best thing was I was
I was watching from far away and there
was people coming in he's right by the
door but like he got him good he sprayed
a lie you could it was disgusting so I
see this girl walking and keep the
camera and just walk in and right away
she was like we just walking all day
about you seeing ever ID so we just got
to urban outfitters and I need a new
shirt and a couple shirts these all
right look good learnt you tell them
what we're doing good
good so yeah everybody cleared up
what happened what smoke and there was
one stove oh yeah what happened is
somebody puke Arizona no it was really
foul though is it gone
alright guys so I'm here at Urban
Outfitters and you know what's the
definition of swag swag I didn't come
here for shoes I came here for shirts
but I'm getting these things look at
that that's the definition of swag the
advanced partner up with DZ this is it
vans part number Disney look at this
okay Wow so Disney paid money to dance
all right yeah look at this poor van
look at this and these are coupons mine
is the Mickey I'm gonna be a Mickey
Mouse that's one thing Vee says ladies
and gentleman if you do something bad
like this guy yes he's a Mickey Mouse
yeah you added something wrong sounds
fucked up your Mickey Mouse your Mickey
Mouse mickey mouse operation yeah Mickey
Mouse equals this that's all used to go
through that's the way you sort of
Elijah when the prank doesn't go good
it's Mickey Mouse Mickey Mouse hi guys
so we just got back home and I'm getting
ready to go to dinner with my mom and
since I didn't have any clothing I did
but you know about my black sure that
one oh yeah what are those so yeah I
ended up getting the boys I didn't play
vini the poo do you know how many
conversations is gonna pause pause pause
huh what did you say this say it again
Feeny the Pooh Winnie the Pooh yeah what
is it it's what we need the Pooh well in
Russia it's Feeny Pooh
can you save in your poo then he poo
yeah exactly well how do you know that
but anyways your boy looking fresh I got
some new pants the pants leaking oh the
boy looks fly for the first time ever so
anyways yeah I'm checking myself oh I
feel good you know so good and I'm
meeting up tomorrow with Kong to go to
Six Flags oh boy that's gonna be crazy
Kong we're going to Six Flags come from
simple pickup but anyways your boys
looking fresh about to go pick up his
mom cuz he hasn't seen her in a while
I'm gonna have dinner together let's go
dude Oh
he's popping 1992 in Beverly Hills
yeah got the death ones right here
messing with it you know I'm saying so
what are we making dude I'll make it
smooth or tender chicken each town where
we had a chili mint salt pepper really a
living Oliver live
come on
I got a minestrone I bet it supposed to
be red
all right so we got our dinner she'd a
check this out all right time to eat
time to either my which would you think
about my new shoes by the way yeah what
are you pumping you love my new shoes
you love it
I eat
dude this looks like a movie
yo this is a movie oh wow dude look at
this this is so awesome
see this is a movie and then sushi the
shot leave a look at the mood
oh wow it looks so foggy it looks like
there's a fog machine they're filming a
music video what are those they don't
know what it's really like out there
like this maybe they do maybe they don't
this would be a little creepy video that
I left for you guys especially for you
you know who you are
you changed my life
you're coming they cover it up then you
should take it before they come
who comes the aliens are coming dude the
aliens take it take you around now kappa
yeah bro whoa i punish you alright guys
so my girlfriend's came from san diego
they're staying here and they just went
out and I did not go out took a couple
shots of patron but I'm handling myself
and it'll be really embarrassing up to
this clip there's gonna be a blog with
me partying but tomorrow I'm going to
six legs of Kong and me and Brendan's
decided to chill tonight yeah
so I don't know I don't know they're mad
that I didn't go out with them but you
should want to show off those shoes
though the shoes yeah those shoes made
my day why I should want go out yeah you
should go out and you know show off the
shoes that you bought at Urban
Outfitters that you spray floodings for
the shoes no but you sprayed Urban
Outfitters oh yeah I forgot a lot of how
sorry me now they know I've logged a
little bit I couldn't vlog to put in
their face because they would think
right away it's us but I definitely put
the camera down that's funny that sprays
definitely I recommend getting you guys
that thing is so funny nobody ever knows
where the smells coming from and it's
hilarious
by anyways they're going to wake up
super early tomorrow so I don't know I'm
not going to end this vlog just yet but
I am just chilling at the high phone in
and you look like a movie star that's a
movie show maybe I might be if someone
wants to like movies on really yeah I'm
down for some can you smile brother
that's a cute smile oh yeah one grows
any bathroom said she was like yes in my
size oh no like wait was she so nice
getting ready to get beautiful eyes who
you know that's my girl home says yeah
they're pretty they're like Jim Irene we
in order to capitalize and shit right I
saw videos gonna be awkward that's
that's what's fun Wow every day what
what is happening are you guys moving in
or what are you moving in
are you moving in are you moving in look
at this look at this wow wow wow every
day somebody wants to live here hi guys
thank you so much for watching I'll see
you guys tomorrow
don't forget to give this video a big
thumbs up thank you for coming back
everyday and liking my videos and
leaving good comments I love you guys
and yeah I'm gonna get rid of these
girls
alright this is idea
