what up villains what up what up what up
what up what up what up another day do
that a purpose and get so much attention
here you know your levitation let me
show it's up at all attention how are
you nice morning coffee with the boys so
dude I told them blast yesterday they
were gonna give like Rolls Royces or
something Ferraris apparently my friend
is hooking us up at Roadstar and he's
giving us the keys you know what I wanna
think he's gonna give us only two cars
I'm gonna do this and be like oh yeah he
thinks um but you probably told him I'll
be Tyler's and I come in and blog I'm
not logging into it gives me my own
personal car I said we're coming but
there's a chance I won't have my own
ride please tell him that you'll block
it all right yeah I wanted we're gonna
roll around for the blocks of the Rolls
Royce when does he have any Lambos be
kidding I meant the door yeah right
giving that to you why it's not like a
five hundred thousand dollar car so why
didn't do body trusted me with it didn't
you buy anything guys I don't you know
in the wifey crash you know if you crash
an Aventador in Dubai know if we
questioned Aventador in Dubai what
happens it's the only take your deposit
which is a few thousand dollars they're
not negative here they like thank you
paper and my key by three and you get
sued where's David Holcomb David didn't
come meeting up with someone who's
coming here right now all right sorry
yeah David is this a birthday present or
what look at this thing Wow holy shit
so I guess the boys are getting out for
the day dude my car is embarrassing
compared to these cars up there I think
I gotta go home and like I'm just gonna
go home
how much for the game on you where you
guys going you guys went to Malibu I
don't know should I roll out with you
guys yeah I get a big for Instagram on
this in Malibu on the yeah look at this
here
oh shut up you don't know it's locked
but what do you guys think for real on
the series no chicken South how about
David his new car is you need in look at
the altitude ah ah miss the new car
smells like brand new
hmm look at this ah yeah
we had a race you want to race the rolls
was check out this of it there it looks
like a police chase to me they're saying
it's not but why is there two
helicopters it's definitely a police
chase well it's not a chase thing they
caught somebody
welcome to all
you
dude David you totally look like a
Richie Rich you look like a rich spoiled
kid it's a nice birthday present from
you Vitaly I appreciate it dude are you
serious
and you dude those parents those parents
were looking those parents were looking
like what the hell is this kid waiting
for Ari
oh but you're nice right you feel like a
boss how do you feel sir
oh yeah keys actually the driver you're
the star where we're going tonight we're
going to VMAs
what are you doing then go slow
outside
alright so we just made a quick stop and
we want to know where it's nice place to
take a picture yeah let's take a picture
yo can we go up the mountains of Malibu
I never been or is there like a nice you
did I got us tickets
So i'm following you a lot with Holly
how do we read that it yeah get out of
we also pass it like a little bit of
Austin Street it goes right up and then
you take a picture off its like sick so
we went into like a little oh yeah I'm
with that turn we can put our public
visor
dude this is so beautiful look at this
and it's so called ha ha higher higher
so we're about to take this dope
Instagram pictures with the cars you
guys ready yeah you guys need to get
closer
this is nice dude Adam why now you trust
me huh you know where you were going
course what do you mean do I know where
I'm going where I took you and it's like
hacen our to have to get it well is it
worth it yeah don't picture
wow dude you're a model hey dude you
look great
do you look great out of here did you
look great you're so fantastic your car
model now I mean wow morning rain easy
do do without oh my goodness
as the six-pack is just buried a little
yeah yeah yeah get him get me get
Cameron yeah I know I know you want to
get Cameron how's it going man right now
just wondering for drove hundred miles
an hour off of this anything
look at that yeah did we be spirited wow
this is so breathtaking I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog this is beautiful damn
well I imagine living out here in peace
like imagine having that house right
there
waking up every day looking at the ocean
in peace it's so quiet here one day
alright guys so I've been meeting in
about an hour and we're deep deep in the
mountains and we're we're driving on
these crazy roads following the GPS look
where it brought us we're on top of the
mountain somewhere in Malibu and dad and
dude whatever how do we get out how are
you getting out of here bro
I'm not we have to turn around well
obviously but wait I think we got
connection now dude I'm so terrified I
just want to get home I'm following the
GPS look at these roads look at that oh
my god here we've been driving about
like 45 minutes
look at these roads
Cole shit
so I finally made it and Luke who shows
up the best lawyer in town does Vantaa
we want the ATM case the guy let's dig
up for everything so then tomorrow we
got the trial I told you I can't tell
you what it is for but it's for one of
my pranks and yeah he's gonna teach me
strategy how to win it's right man
another victory right here oh alright
guys well like always it's the next day
I hope you guys enjoy our vlog so
today's vlog Adam and Cameron and David
Brendan and I we all they all rented the
cars I drove my car I hoped you guys
enjoyed it was a really cool video and
yeah don't forget to come back tomorrow
for more thank you guys so much for
watching I love you mr. daya
hey Cheers bitchin what's going on
thanks for coming yeah hey how are you
so future vlogging look at this cool off
that's your officer here yes this is the
office look at this this is like going
on Jimmy Fallon
