what up villains another day with
Brendan and I then Brandon they loved
you you have smashing why don't you say
thank you thanks everybody
no thank you everybody for all the great
comments you left I'll play more thank
you guys and yeah so we here right now
we're about to finish our disturbing the
beast the first episode and we are also
about to go to Tom Green's office Tom
Green's office Tom Green he has a stroke
we called that vision ibly so we got
invited to do that we're gonna go do
that and then we're actually going to I
got no type then and every night we're
going to race race merge race
Shrimant drummers are good drummers yeah
we're going to the concert so that
should be pretty exciting but the only
down thing is that the show ends at 6:00
the current concert starts at 7:00 it's
an hour away and how we're gonna get
there it's an hour away start doors open
anyways guys so yeah I don't know how
we're gonna get there tonight
doors open at 7:00 it's an hour away we
leave the show at 6:00 I'm not gonna
speed and I'll a traffic you guys know
it's gonna take this probably two hours
hopefully we'll make it ready about the
tickets so we'll see so today's vlog
should be really epic okay all right let
me see those skills boy so we got a
villain over here don't get hit by a car
bro
oh shit and I was clean that was clean
that was clean anything else you got
anything else oh yeah
and we got rodney mullen right here
that's sick
nice job dude Congrats dude that was
awesome something different with a style
he's gotta get a style thanks anyways
yeah so we just break in here you know
chill how often do you do this every day
seven days a week I got five o'clock in
the morning I wake up at four o'clock in
the morning yeah why so the park is
empty I like to practice so there's like
litigation do yeah cool man we'll keep
it up no sponsored duct tape pants broke
has anything broken and broke well keep
it up dude thank you very motivated
incited skating oh thank you I've been
like freaking YouTube yeah yeah you guys
better check out freestyle marker TV
check out his stuff and say villains and
look at this guy do you guys see that
right there that was our food I'm so
sorry about that
that was our food and I feel so bad we
got $30 worth of food and this girl gave
it to me and she gave me the cardboard
box cuz I told her I'm gonna eat in the
car and it just fell everything felt I
tried to reach for it I don't know you
know what I shouldn't feel bad she
should help it better
she held a cardboard bought open box and
towards the end like and I just
literally reached for it and then I bent
because there was so much food and it
fell you know what I'm not gonna blame
I'm not gonna feel bad I felt horrible
I'm not feeling horrible things happened
they worked there she's like she's not
gonna get fired from it and stuff so
they're gonna bring us another food I
even offered to pay again they said no
no you don't need to do it so yeah but
yo I even offered to pay I shouldn't
feel bad
it's an accidents happen yeah I don't
understand like show me that shot I
think not because I think she gave me
dirty look like Oh disgusting like I
can't believe he's just huh maybe she
wasn't scared to get in trouble I don't
know I should stop talking about it I
should really apologize you sure
vlogging look at this cool off that's
your officer yes this is the office look
at this this is like going in Jimmy
Fallon I know it's the web Oh vision
Studios all right yeah nice good to see
you that's a nice camera you got there
yeah it's all right that looks like
Jimmy Fallon's camera yeah probably
that's pretty cool we got all these look
look check out the Peck mommy doesn't
work yeah of course it works right yeah
such a disrespectful human being miss
pac-man miss pac-man so things go I'm
good thank you it's gonna be fun I just
tweeted it yeah everybody can call in
yeah your fans can go watch game library
now is it live are we streaming live
yeah
no really goes into his head Oh through
your head yeah broadcasting on your head
yeah that's cool yeah that's amazing
that was my first check as a
professional skateboarder
so from Tony Hawk from bird house and so
yeah it's back in the day I got the
check framed because I always wanted to
be a professional skateboarder I got a
check for skateboarding so that means
I'm a professional skateboarder there's
my video my my skateboard park from
transpose skateboard magazine damn this
is for nine years yeah oh yeah yeah got
broken everything cuz money cuz I fall a
lot yeah metal here too
ouch these are the first pictures from
the Tom Green show I feel like every
brings their skates every oh yeah you
got a skate okay skater died dude ski
for life yeah these are these are early
years of the television show when I did
it on public access TV in Canada when I
was like 24 years old this is from the
Internet
show level vision when we started it it
was in my living room so the set was in
my living room when we first started the
internet show it's off now it's here and
we streamed to my youtube channel
go watch youtube.com slash Tom Green hi
I'm Tom Green hi hi this is gonna be a
web of vision with one of YouTube's top
rankers my Talley TV but it's ugly
vitaliy t diddly with a V in the fridge
do you add that you have the TV at the
end you have a question for Vitaly real
quick see it works future for the
channel a future for the channel so
you're gonna be uploading pranks
actually a lot more pranks than I've
been uploading and yeah I did those
daily vlogs now as you know and I am
doing stand-up soon yeah oh really I'm
writing yes very cool I know you're
professionals so you know but I'm you
sorry I'm a beginner but the movies
coming out next year so that's the big
thing yeah we'll see what that turns
into you're doing the movie with some
other pranksters already did it yeah
already finished yeah who else is in the
movie it's Roman in Venice yeah yeah
these guys are friends of yours from
yeah friends from Ohio that's the tour
we did the five over video yeah I
wouldn't have balls probably without
them yeah hello why are you in disguise
my friend why are you in disguise
what's that yeah why are you in disguise
there's another caller here they've got
bad feeling about that
I don't like disguise it don't wear
disguises you do one-on-one yeah don't
put them on when they've got disguises
okay we talked about this in the meeting
remember remember we had the meeting
geez don't you guys listen hello you're
on the air with Vitaly though we had a
meeting about that earlier Vitaly
sketchiest Vidya you've done where you
were scared for your life like the jet
stare
which video scared for my life that's a
good one I don't know probably two
zombie the the zombie video at the
Friday 13 with the chainsaw cuz I had a
guy pick up a brick and almost threw it
in my head right behind me he almost ran
up to me while I was in the mask and hit
me with a brick but thank God you didn't
do it has that sir been has there been
injuries no there's no injuries thank
God yeah yeah I've never been arrested
that's cool yeah I'm kind of like you
know kind of scared to get arrested
really I'm scared yeah is it fun you'll
be a good girl in jail is it thanks for
having me man check out his channel guys
holy jeez villains Webo vision right
here look at this studio I gotta have
something with this yeah I got an
interview like models yeah I make him do
something ya know maybe something that
is sound good but cool setup and so this
was for grilled cheese sometimes I make
my aide right before yeah how's that
kidding look you got the cheese and the
bread you know what's funny about that
song that's where the concert we're
going to right now oh yeah I got to get
out of here concert at 7:00 in Santa Ana
it's those rappers they just blew up
pretty cool yeah well yeah I gotta get
out of here all right
hi guys that was the concert and we
actually have waited what did you tell
him how long we waited 205 doors opened
at 7 o'clock but like we got in there at
7:00 and those motherfuckers went on at
11:00 that's four hours late ladies and
gentlemen we waited four hours and also
what's what happened we'd even wait till
finish
I started getting mobbed and there was a
guy that took his phone out from far
away he's like fuck Eva Talley and then
other ones like you should streak it
with their phones in capital letters
does hilarious they probably watch this
vlog but anyways we had to leave so we
didn't get to perform I ain't got no
time but whatever they kill that anyway
now - time to drive back David came from
what did David come from Camp Chicago he
came from escape with the Wolves guys we
should go hang out with them probably
partying man no stop they're probably
partying man I don't know we'll see
let's drive back they rented a house in
the hills yes check out the house but
anyways so yeah time to bounce and it's
an hour drive back what's going on guys
filming shit shits Batali's boyfriend
hey Cameron how's it going boy
here you are oh you cheated on him yo yo
yo villains next day like always I hoped
you guys enjoyed the concert the concert
was rehabbing Brandon yeah what do you
think that was a turn up concert that
was a turn
turn up and I also tweeted them before
the concert with let's rage and then
they reply off to the gun said what's up
bro that's funny
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching coming back to watch this daily
vlogs and really appreciate all your
daily support and I read the comments
and I'm like I really do so come back
tomorrow for an epic log at the Adam and
I should get Ferraris of Rob Roy's Rolls
Royces and Lambos for free because his
friend works at this shop so I don't
know I don't want to promise anything
but anyways come back tomorrow alright
I'll see you tomorrow
thumbs up you see that hi we finally got
your destination yeah we are here at the
mansion party marijuana munchies and
models what's up Eric we out here man
