what is that valence what's up what's up
guys so today was like a late start for
the vlog because I actually went to my
addition for the workouts transformation
that 60 days not 90 the one I'm doing is
60 days hardcore and yeah it was
hilarious because it took they made me
take off my shirt they took pictures of
it I'm like yeah they're like why you're
here what do you want to do I'm like to
fucking lose my man boobs that's why I'm
here
so yeah it was an awesome addition that
thing I did good we'll see I was bit
nervous and I should be starting soon
super excited super excited but I had to
finish editing two videos with Brendan
today film it the Q&A that you guys saw
two days ago and yeah so which means
it's too late to go from a prank with
Haley now which sucks cuz she waited for
me all day so right now we're actually
gonna go see Berner the guy who owns
cookies you guys see me wearing like
cookies had since I've burner and my
friend Eric started to sell his merch
and his like producer he made some songs
for him Eric they actually having like a
big house and Hollywood Hills and they
invited me I haven't seen him in years
so about to go chill with burner and uh
what's his name Eric let's go hi we
finally got through this nation and we
are here at the mansion party marijuana
munchies and models what's up Eric um
are we out here man Chiqui married is he
gonna tell you that he fucked the egg on
to her mane of bitches around like a man
she was real
later she was real uncoordinated mwah oh
look at this house look without what
they got the house view but the road up
here is like whose exact all-bad let me
ask you a question it's a smoke wheezes
you've been in here did we just won't
wait glue gun for tally hi tonight is it
gonna be possible no I don't smoke he
doesn't smoke man look I got I quit I
quit I got this new shit oh by the way
who hooks me up with the clothing that's
burner right there look at this guy look
at this he's a pro everything I
shouldn't cocky
I got just an for you player if you
don't smoke this pin right here is the
magical pin oh yeah yeah all right maybe
I'll do that and go get a massage
hey knocking today we're in a nice
little exciting day
look what brought Kirk and Brendan to
the editing studio to see the final cut
of the movie of natural born pranksters
Kirk yeah this is insane excited in
place he's been calling me about this
movie em like twice a month
just yell please how long so what's up
with this we didn't believe it at first
you didn't believe it you're like this
low-key not really yeah was your only
day oh yeah it's also very big day for
me because I film some of them
apparently I film so they said the
editor I meant the the the final editor
that made everything and he said he was
like yeah we use like cuz he knew who I
was it going on behind there Brendan's
gonna be in the credits I said special
thanks to Kirkuk and the credits that's
right
mo homeys oh yeah
hi guys so they will do that you know
their honest opinion after the movie
dude the movie that's what we have to
talk about yeah an LA traffic this is
awesome
what's up staying this one's famous or
this way yeah and I was this way
um yeah movie was nice unreal but you
don't have to you can give me your
honest opinion but you don't have to say
just to say like I won't get mad that
it's all good Holly did not suck all
right do not suck it was awesome
no-frill you guys it's gonna blow your
mind
what was your favorite minute I want to
say the what though I'm just basically
saying what's your favorite minute like
you know the minute when the prank and
what mitad that's what does not know 42
okay good
what about you bro it was awesome I'm
height um this can be the fucking shit I
can't wait so it needs to come out
immediately so listen we can all win
Oscars Oscars a so yeah fucking a
fucking great litigator
yeah yes every every time yeah again we
the camera right now do it up huh say
what up say what up to the villains no
writer what's up no yeah yeah she
slicked back motherfucker
you see there
what are you doing nothing kind of do
anything dude yo this girl blew it up
what about Kirk dude look at him but no
buts here's the guys look at his knee
Thank You Ben volume than the look yeah
look at this
who does she think she is she's going a
year one motel 6 is down the street okay
thanks my girl get ready updations
better omega y de janeiro Thank You
killing she was thank you I'm her
Democrats how do you look gross know
when I've heard her so that oh my god oh
wait oh my god she's the first girl that
you have extensions first girl that
really does have extensions shut up oh
so we just got to West Hollywood Han we
got these milkshakes Catholic chilling
with burner and then whatever the hoodie
we have dinner with Wiz Khalifa Lee is
coming
we had dinner help that was pretty
awesome sushi dinner oh yeah we just ate
so much sushi why would you can
milkshakes
you didn't eat I didn't create a lot of
shit but anyways we're having this
milkshakes and what are we doing after
this I want to see them will you move in
no escape video no escape
amen where the night takes us alright
guys I hope you enjoyed this vlog yeah
we went out to dinner with Wiz Khalifa
and I also and burner was awesome he
gives me the cookies hats clothes but we
also combine two blogs into one I don't
know if you notice that when Curt came
and burner stuff because we didn't have
enough but and I want to treat you guys
have enough bye anyways come back
tomorrow for an epic vlog we're going to
Tom Green the studios and then we're
going to see Rachel Murr no flex zone
maybe I pronounced it wrong I don't know
but anyways guys see tomorrow don't
forget to come back please don't forget
to give this video a big thumbs up and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
let's take a look at her dream I look at
you she's trying to fit in like with all
the late la want to be models and
everybody going to the gym but it's cool
it's good it looks
