what up villains so my mom just got to
my house and I have to tell you
something guys this is ridiculous look
at her gym outfit you guys want to see
her gym outfit look at her gym outfit
look at you she's trying to fit in like
with all the late la want to be models
and everybody going to the gym but it's
cool it's good it looks cute though
looks cute yeah you don't look sorry cuz
the does is the same off as a chicken
you can yeah but my transformation is
about to start I know I've been talking
about for a while you guys are like it
all you do say it starts tomorrow I'm
actually going to audition for it but I
know I'm gonna get picked already yeah
but like I'm gonna be an interview
audition pretty much saying why I want
to change my body transform and
everything and why I want to do it cause
I'm not happy
look at this I got extra skin I know
people say oh you look good the
challenge you look good to tell enough I
don't look good
I look good when I'm gonna have that
eight back want to be a cup tomorrow I'm
gonna go from another prank with a girl
mmm
I'm gonna have a girl involved in the
prank and actually this week I'm getting
sued I forgot Chloe guys that I was
actually getting sued so I'm going to my
trial which I no matter when nobody has
a chance against me and my lawyer my
Avanza you know you are the lawyer has
actually from Columbus Ohio when you
remember the ATM robbery Bay ATM robbery
prank where we got robbed when we robbed
the ATM went to trial for everyone
that's going to be the same lawyers so
good luck mr. forever suing me I can't
say for what it's not one of my brains
button
ah you can't do that yes very good
oh oh whoa whoa oh she's definitely
showed off with the log dams she's just
turned 90 miles an hour
come on one foot not like that damn go
right it doesn't check she's good so
Brennan and I decided to get a quick
bite of Chipotle and instead of doing
our daily routine how we get coffee and
everything we're actually going to go -
what's that sorne sunset Sam Ash you
cemre
that's the one Santa it's pretty big for
Sam ash by anyways Brennan's gonna play
guitar for you guys you ready boy you
missing a guitar why don't you tell them
something about your guitar Olivia how
many years you been playing for like 14
years I listen to heaven I don't know if
you guys see sometimes I wear heavy
metal shirts you know Black Sabbath Iron
Maiden Metallica Slayer all that shit
back when um when we were doing the
movie and everything that's when I will
our van sure so and used to suck ya know
cuz I was gonna say you didn't bring a
guitar this time so I didn't you've been
aching guitar I need yeah that's a drug
you're addicted his hands needs metal
strings
are you gonna start playing or what yeah
I was warming up
you
you
Oh
by travelpod member
they're boys digging it
everybody now we're going to see the
college boy
that's good Evan you got it you got it
yeah
yeah yeah each other
you got it right new dude yeah I know
and you got let me try real quick I
haven't played that long but like let me
try alright guys as always it's the next
day and I hoped you guys enjoying
enjoyed Brendon playing because he
killed it what do you think Brendan try
did your stress came off of it so like
really uh maybe once a week maybe let's
see alright
comment below let me know what you guys
think about Brendan playing skills and
if you play guitar maybe you will get to
jam out with Brendan one day lesson see
what's in LA you've all lesson taught me
you all really Brendan's gonna give some
lessons
look at you I guys stay tuned on the
main channel and you praying this week
something different not disturbing the
peace disturbing the peace will be after
the spring but it's still pretty pretty
pretty pretty tense almost every
reaction I got until fight to so anyways
thank you so much for watching and don't
forget to give it a big thumbs up and
let's see that check out this bad boy
look at this shit
hey Brendan you want one of these yeah
shaking you back for me what year is
this you think probably 1964 I guess
really I don't know
