what outdoor make sure you watch this
vlog till the end to find out how you
can win these two beautiful brand-new
phone good luck sod villains welcome to
another vlog I know I've been gone for
quite a while I guess and look that's me
as a cop today I'm doing and you're
praying for the main channel I'm gonna
bang it out pranks for every day right
you've been waiting for a praying for a
long time and we're waiting but what
what is this well ladies and gentlemen
I'm trying to find a Valentine's Day
date as you can see are you down much of
a loser you're looking guided and tried
but the thing is it's still difficult
because I look like an idiot
so did you use any of my pickup line I
want to teach them you guys know the
three questions and the
rock-paper-scissors I'll let him know
how it is
rock-paper-scissors here you know that
yeah works every time so did you do it
now you do it certain drop them oh yeah
okay I got a dog to look at that as soon
as I said already I never hung over
never hung over the Hat says never hung
over always say yeah but so basically
today when I see a person ask for their
identification and when they give me
their idea a whole bunch of blank ID and
I put it around my hand like this and I
cut them in half that's what I'm doing
we got Kim over here what's up Kim it
all started out with our movie the myth
the legend the man himself he's a
retired police officer so he's helping
me out putting all the rules letting go
going to break any law pretty much right
now it's a costume I'm not impregnating
anybody Loki Heike but right now we
switch the location hopefully get some
good reactions and then keep the damage
and we got Tony on the camera Tony Tony
how does that movie coming along aromas
finish yeah I'm filming I'm all I'm
doing is Batali work that's all it is
it's how you ever shut up is what I
don't have to pay if see how good of a
friend here I don't I don't really am
thanks Tony
huh is that fake ID no it is what it is
I'm gonna have to cut it in half there's
nothing coffee it's fake it's not your
name they just they got my name is
Margot bitchin man huh my name is
Overton man I'm sorry I'm gonna dude
you're gonna have to go get anyone hey
come on man how's it fake man y'all boss
what's up y'all we're doing a random ID
check can I check your ID real quick not
because you're a rock star or anything
like that but you know what I mean
thanks boss I'm surprised you caught
crop rating so well you probably got
laid last night huh
which guy did you bang you're funny bro
show that thanks bro I'll be right back
where you from Nokia we're not Russian
look at hi we got another one yeah we
got another one he looks flamboyant very
cute really good smile yeah we got him
okay
what'd you say
be on the phone well it's a one-day find
three and it's not it's not his idea I'm
gonna have to call your ID sir
oh yeah feeling like that but actually
it coffee huh that's not actually my ID
probly that's right you're my brother
well me man let me Freddie
I agree yeah hi there what's up not give
me your fucking ID I don't know I know
what a fucking 100 fucking oh damn okay
try and turn the shit up
I think if amy goes you're fucking with
me you tried you turn this shit off for
what this is going to give you a pumpkin
spice haircut huh but myself
what's up myself she looks precious fuck
you
what's up boy you have an ID and want to
have an ID that's got a home for a
little quick lunch you guys ask me what
I eat that's exactly what I eat two
slices of chicken two by eight ounces I
would say and I've been on a diet for
pretty quite a while and I'm not saying
that I'm not saying that because you
guys going to go you always going to die
but last time on the transformation the
jaw broke my bowl but enough with
excuses and job Oh anyways by the way
I'm gonna move to a new apartment the
guys said and I'm not going to show you
the back cause it's kind of mess because
I just moved in I need to hang the
pictures and make it nice buy a new
couch and I'll show you but up not as of
now you just get a kitchen here you go
alright guys so I went to the gym right
after we cook I do cardio every day now
for the past 20 days as your alcohol I'm
on point I'm going to Winter Music
Conference in Miami you guys not all
sure I don't usually go to Luke Shaw
I'll go talk to the pool parties and
stuff so I'm trying to get in shape and
just live a better life and shut up
praying for you guys today I'm shooting
another one tomorrow I'm not going to
like I'm telling you right now I've been
slacking but I've been working on other
stuff but enough with all that I once
again you're going to see it by anyways
so two weeks ago jail verse tells me oh
you want to get a grille bro my friend
makes grilled this Russian guy makes a
grill so I meet this guy he makes me a
diamond tooth I joke and a full grill
obviously
I'm not going to be going out to maybe I
don't know let's see how it looks right
now I'm going to pick up my diamond
grill diamond tooth let's go see it and
yeah just for fun and jokes oh wow look
is this the man right here thank you bro
my belly
oh look at this okay I'm gonna put it on
up on my new you guys want to get
somewhere here right is that where they
go Negroes calm okay so I brought my
daughter's I never done this ever I got
you're getting got you gotta get used to
it you gotta use kids and I got away my
teeth I don't be greasy down a sick sick
let's say guys money people stuff in the
club be careful be careful with the gang
stream s's I'm so gangster with the
grills that I got pulled over
me a boy yi-yi-yi here boy
you hearing me a boy check that out
oh boy yo yo yo get whatever how are you
awesome Fernandez with the copper how
it's cold
yeah and I pulled over for speeding all
right get your license insurance
oh shit hold on sorry go on your feet
Kalinin get help you where maybe you had
anything to drink today the only man I
don't drink your drink okay get me a
favor take your hat off on me
well I said your eyes real quick all
right you lean Deathwing hold on okay I
taking my knife high five you can blink
all right
Scientology my fear with your eyes only
for long why do I have to do this test
I'm starting to leave you
I know you told me you have an attitude
to drink all right I've been lied to
before okay yeah but I have to do this
no you know I want I never got pulled
over for a speeding we have to follow
somebody if I was like swerving recently
hi do you have a calculated car okay
that's funny you see this these see this
I mean I'm not gonna lie I was speeding
I'm not fighting with him but this is
crazy
Wow sure gangster rap made me do it
I told you sir I love police oh man I'm
gonna talk to you together when he comes
back thanks cuz sister she be asking me
why I'm speeding why I'm speeding my
baby mama is a labor doll Kashi and my
sonic just woman and strapped off I'm
strapped
you want the war you want some war hmm
she remain I'm getting a chicken doll
okay doll Silas and I face us over my 80
miles per hour okay thanks cuz so I'm
like yes I take him for 75 so you can go
to traffic school and the violation
would be less all right shit listen
you're in the red back by signing you
are not admitting to deal you just
saying that you didn't take care of it
this is an exercise on the light hands
like the way I was going to how much
you're doing over 80 miles per hour and
you clock me as watch but you didn't
clock me you're assuming I'm speeding I
thank you oh oh girl able to find
anything that's online
oh man I'm gonna take this so let me
just you know pull up to my insurance I
think you would on I mean yeah thanks
man I'm sure with this expensive car you
do have to every day there's a copy you
should begin something in the mail
within the next 30 days if you don't do
is a telephone number or address in a
website met okay shit at all
oh shit out not stressing about the
ticket if there's a lot of world
problems I mean I used to be art ah
gotta take you like crap for stuff I'm
just going to go he's probably not going
to show up to court and if he does I
have to do traffic school for four hours
its life should happen I took the ticket
like a man
keep on moving alright guys so I just
got a home and I told you about the
giveaway that's right this is a giveaway
I'm going to be giving away two Samsung
Galaxy phones brand new untouched wallet
actually just now let's take random two
people all you have to do is turn your
notifications on give this log of big
thumbs up and comment on your favorite
part of the vlog yes give me a favorite
part of the vlog thumbs up and turn your
notifications on but take two random
people so good luck thank you guys so
much watching this vlog I'm going to
film my journey on my community service
hours I have like 15 days left not that
many I mean I had total twenty edges
this five but it's going to be a fun
year a lot of fun things are happening
thank you for enjoying my new prank
thanks for all the love I love you guys
turn your notifications on because I'm
going to check two people that's random
love you decid Anya
