what our villains thank you for coming
back to watch my daily videos today we
didn't Q&A with Vitaly first question is
how you gonna get shredded if you love
alcohol well I don't love alcohol I
drink socially you know like drink with
some girls get relaxed you know feel
some type of way but the way I'm gonna
get ripped and shredded is the 60 day
transformation of about to do in about a
week I believe and it's gonna be the
hardest 60 days probably of my life and
watch me don't doubt me once again would
you ever consider mentoring an amateur
youtuber yes I would
bro don't give up believe in your dreams
and do whatever it takes to do because
when I started first YouTube in three
months only got 60 subscribers 66 zero
what is that that's nothing
and then I was like you know what I'm
gonna give up I stopped doing YouTube
for about like two three months and I
started again I was like you know what
I'm gonna do it I believe in my dreams
I'm gonna be the next big youtuber and
guess what I am the next big youtuber
because I believed it and I achieved it
so yeah failure is not an option
say something about your dad the
childhood we know nothing about her well
let me tell you something about my dad
is I don't know nothing about him either
I don't even know his name why I don't
know ask my mom what job did you do
before YouTube well I used to bet vacuum
cleaner my mom would give me five bucks
for a vacuum your floor that will get me
a 20 hog shirt I would go to the skate
park and be coolest kid at the skate
park because I had a sweetheart shirt
they would think I'm a pro skater look
at that kid yeah Tony Hawk shirt yeah I
was the coolest OOP but anyways also my
jobs would be consisting of being a
busboy waiter junk man moving furniture
buying and reselling iPhones and the
buying and reselling laptops and then
you know what I said I wanted to youtube
but I didn't know you can make money on
YouTube and I just did it for fun I just
quit my job is like you know what I'm
gonna be the next big youtuber then it
happened Thank You natural born
pranksters is it gonna be only USA or
worldwide yes as I said in my previous
Q&A is gonna be worldwide and I can't
wait for you guys to see
tighten up your seatbelt because you're
gonna laugh hard are you going on a date
with that is mr. visa for me to know for
you guys to find out what's the worst
part about being famous good question
the worst part is that everybody wants
to be a friend people there weren't
friends in high school they want to be
your best friends people want to use you
people just laugh at every joke I say ha
ha ha yeah no it wasn't funny dude okay
it's not that funny
stop being fucking fake friend how the
fuck do you pronounce your last name
it's sort of it's you roll it out just
roll it out it's better get Sookie Z as
in zebra Diaz in dog pose and orange
ours and red or the orange B as a victor
is elevated T as in Tom SSS sky kids in
Kmart an impossible why isn't yellow
that's what I have to do every time I'm
gonna fall with a collar line or
whatever you know yeah I have to page
some shit and yeah they asked me what my
name is pull it out with what it says
why is Brendan living with you good
question well his mom kicked him out for
being a fucking loser and that's right
I'm just kidding Brenda is my boy and
he's my filmer he's right behind this
camera right now filming this that's
right because I decided to work my ass
off for these the last six months and
that's what he's here because he's
full-time with me baby why you ad JK
love you last but not least how many
girls in a night huh
psych
I'm not answering you dad that's my
personal life
all right guys thank you so much for
watching Q&A with Natalia if you enjoyed
this one and don't wanna miss the next
one make sure you follow me on twitter
which the link is in the description
below thank you so much for watching
don't forget to give this video a big
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
this is I know Vitaly you know since
you're the king what would you say is
your favorite prank that you pulled on
that I posed that you pulled on that's a
tough question probably Russian has been
Russian hit me
