what's up villains what I would open up
another day in Venice Beach with these
dudes so subdued Brendan here what's
your name again max max max max actually
was my fake ID name max that's a good
name that's why I had it max is a nice
name
yeah I'm here is going on yep yep yep
yep we came to rent bikes that's a okay
we came to rent bikes and I think
they've got some fans behind it pretty
creepy
Oh actually not I'm thinking too highly
of myself sorry guys but anyways we're
in another day in Venice Beach and I
feel super ratchet being here but what
are you gonna do is the only place you
can come and relax and cure your
hangover is outside even though I D I
promise you guys am I gonna drink last
night only drink a little bit just a
little bit but my transformation starts
in separate so I cannot wait for that
and yeah let's start today in beautiful
Venice Beach so I think you're gonna get
that bike right there
what's amazing let's get a bike let's
get the double one well that'll be right
double with you no I I can be your Nicky
from today
no we're gonna get let's get let's get
check out this bad boy look at this
hey Brendon you want one of these yeah
shaking you Bob for me what year is this
you think probably 1964 I guess really I
don't know y'all guys I just missed the
flight and last time I filmed the fly my
video got flagged so I didn't really
want to film this fight but went
down it was black on black so it was
nothing racist but yeah it was awesome
I missed it see what I mean by then is
Beach is a ratchet ratchet there was so
much blood why this year
yeah by the time I dropped his bike and
ran over it was done and when I'm
pranking cops stopped me about the when
there's fights it's normal look at those
cops they were just posted I'll be like
uh whatever anyways we got the beach
cruisers we got the squad ready to roll
out let's go
that breeze duh guys look how beautiful
this is
I have no wind right now for you ha ha
right now Adam vlogs he's gonna have
wins I don't have any win right now on
my bike because I got that little
mustache mustache mustache but look how
beautiful this nice little breeze
nothing can express the feeling she's
taking pictures she's hot
this dude is here what's up dude
say hello Hey yeah we just chilling damn
I'm and I'm in the mood today though ah
what up girl hey of course there's a
douchebag that doesn't say hi Oh kitty
there's no he was on the phone
all right forgive him he was on the
phone I dude I'm sorry you don't want me
to put on the video I'm sorry dude
she can't he caught up dude I'm so sorry
forgive me man dude I'm really sorry
come here baby come here baby I'm gonna
get you baby I'm gonna get you you're
going away baby
yo you're not going to hear Ali tally
has a camera that has a little butt hair
sticking out of the top you're not gonna
hear anything I mean y'all hear me
it thinks up oh yeah it was a little
chilly you know I got dad decided just
to walk the whole day today get out a
nice little book you know what I make
sure make it a music video we get all
this people good yo see gangster
gangster Santa Monica that's what's up
yo I got my canonical Manama go I got
Adam the San Francisco boy the gay boy
is Adam he's so slow you still in the
back red and wiping you sweat shut up
nah but seriously better what do you
think about this bike ride I like it max
what do you think about this bike ride
it's good
no come on vlog it more I can't do it do
all go like this it's nice it's peaceful
yeah I can't let go when mr. Randall's
mother I want to see you prove you oh
you see see exactly here here take Molly
this is fun dude I want to make a
serious month on a serious montage
lifestyle
yeah look pretty for me look pretty for
me I did that on purpose you can do it
Wow
damn you bit me
I was gonna hurt his hand so well last
time I just dropped really you guys
remember me disturbing the peace part 11
like Mon Vieux memory diamond de me I
don't you know what I'm gonna be that
guy that doesn't climb it today but I
always felt all that I did it for years
ago I'm so out of shape photograph wow I
don't know what happened damn I guess
this 60 day transformation is going to
get me honey
dude I could even climb dude I'm weak
I'm weak
wow what happened
Wow
are you taller
nah I'm not dude do you know what's
funny man that this is a bike lane this
is bike lanes two lanes uh and the
people walk here I don't know if you can
see but in the back right behind me over
there if you guys see now look at all
those people they don't understand the
sidewalk is that one yeah it's not a
sidewalk here okay
EEP EEP EEP EEP EEP
so did Simon interview I have a question
for you I have a question for you can I
ask you so how do you feel that this is
not a sidewalk and you walk in on the
bike lane sir fine the bike lane yeah
yeah I was in the past
all right guys it's night time we're
about to drop the bikes off because we
got eight minutes left and we're about
to go eat
would you guys think about my citizen
arrest my citizen arrest telling people
to get off the bike lanes it's not made
for walking
I never been actually Venice at night
it's scary people will stop you here for
sure
Hey oh okay anyone to say I but that is
this is it boy good night good night
good night good night
damn I don't know if you can guys tell
but this moon is huge look at this shot
not I can't see what I'm seeing look at
my blood camera bro now right no hey not
it's beautiful
holy crap that's the moon are you
recording the vlog yeah boy what's up
dude how are you you got a fan right now
were you from easily have it pally
Oh pal italiano
sorry irony Villa Quattro formaggio okay
Varun is not Iranian for the peroneal is
knocking on a man why only margarita is
Diane Pizza Margherita Battaglia pop
americano Papa Papa Papa merica no Papa
Papa Papa americano yo this guy right
here from Taiwan dude he can't even talk
here is I'm doing
are you started by shaking are you
shaking it yeah awesome thanks dude
yeah watch my mom thanks right thank you
nice meeting you good best of luck - it
damn this is kid
poor kid I don't know if he was a kid or
who he was you're that kid couldn't talk
do you see that
it's in Taiwan I love that part of the
country part of that question part of
that world
oh do you just let my glasses yeah we
should take us get stopped look at this
hi guys
yeah I was like yeah you guys I was like
I thought I can get my own price but
this is so big there's no way I would
hate myself
nor the share these like modeling your
modeling bro
this is what we do it before we go out
ready
they're really my
Wow
this is what we do before we go out
combat boys come over in pregame go my
god did you see what you did
oh my god yeah I'm gonna have one oh
look at that
that's really down the style
oh all right all right
it's a beautiful day next day next day
always like always my vlogs next day I
guys thank you so much for watching my
vlogs and coming back every day so thank
you don't forget to give it a big thumbs
up I love you guys and I'll see you
tomorrow
let's see that it if you guys ever want
to get adventurous in your the Japanese
restaurant try the oyster shooter sure
