what up Phyllis I'm back and I'm back
harder than ever because I'm sorry I
skipped couple days in vlog I was
literally it down like yeah I don't know
but anyways right now we're going to to
him another disturbing the peace series
I know you guys been waiting for a long
time for this so Brendan and I Brandon
are you ready
that's his favorite so he's hilarious
you can't wait huh yeah it's a weird
yeah anyway with sexy boy so right now
we're gonna go to Venice Beach our least
favorite spot but you know that's where
all the people are all the traffic is
where we can mess with people so I
cannot wait to bring you guys another
series and you guys let me know what you
think about it anyways let's go shit I
can't to give you a kiss oh do they kiss
awesome nice meeting you
thanks guys have a great day sup guys
hey that's my girlfriend yeah that's my
girl come on come on you just playing
you know playing you sharing sharing
you're scaring though no damn it man
damn Brazil girl okay is that Kenny's
our girl can I eat you can eat your girl
eat up yeah why not
please know how much huh I got the stack
hold on right here five bucks twenty
five come on man
yeah my man yo can I get your bike can I
get your bike get it yeah what just
write it I wanted like take I need a
bike all right can't I buy it you want
it no no it's cool yeah nah come on man
this is my baby man that's your baby
kiss it kiss let me get it let me get it
let me get it ma'am please bro
you can buy six of those to those but
yeah but now you have I've been offered
before it I always say no really just
working by like your style this is a 79
Schwinn yeah your booty was on this seat
says yeah I just want to fuck your idea
yeah you cool man I like you dude yeah
yeah you're good I knew you were a
swinger what's up it's all good way oh
damn well we should Canucks start
Dodgers so you know we're cool huh
I was just the way you fucking Kania
want my bags like come on this is my
baby man Barney she said your guy John
from Craigslist is supposed to mean
anyway no way doesn't my pickup line
you're John right no all right how's
goodbye you like Devon yeah yeah oh nice
not not as beautiful as letting them oh
yeah all right yeah that's it you want
of course hey how are you doing good how
are you awesome
hi bro nice meeting you guys well yeah
good luck guys yeah but Vanessa so dude
Wow
you guys wanted old vitaliy bag holy cow
dude dude this is probably like one of
the best days I've ever phone we got
people trying to hit him we got people
freaking out people running away from
him
it's mrs. awesome this is where we got
the ignition of the service guys what's
up what's up guys good just telling the
villains how crazy this day is going
down there yeah out here filming still
and we're getting the best reactions
ever this will got this nice little
stack it's not real but people think
it's real and we just keep ranking it
and I'm finally back at it finally the
old detail is coming out this is so fun
I'm going to see the reviews of this
video on my main channel when I upload
you're serving the piece I'm going to
upload it and I'm gonna see what people
think about it and if they give me a
good votes I'm gonna do ten parts of it
so yeah so let me know guys what you
think in the comments below
well not yet because the video is going
to come out in a couple days so yeah but
make sure you leave
keep coming if you want to see part 2
part 3 part 4 5 5 6 new episodes
alright guys so I know it's dark out and
I'm looking at myself but I just got
some great coffee and uh you know what
today's clips that you saw in this vlog
are just my throw aways for disturbing
the peace and you know what felt great
today is going out there and remembering
where it came from remembering the days
were how I started without any
production without anything just going
and pissing people off and that's why
I'm sitting here today in this car
talking to you guys is because of
disturbing the peace videos well not
really
Miami zombie but people tell me people
tell me they miss the old Italian we're
disturbing the peace and I know I should
do me do you do me
but yeah so anyways I want to know guys
in the comments below today that what
what fear did you overcome in life like
what scared you the most and you went
and did it
and if you never did anything you should
just leave your comments what you're
scared off and I should probably mention
next vlog and be like yo this person
this villain aka this this username
don't be afraid of that why you
shouldn't be afraid of it because I want
to inspire you for not being afraid of
anything because you only live once and
this once in a lifetime you just want to
go have fun like Brandon it's scared to
go skydiving
and there's no way I can convince him
but there will be a day I promise you
guys that he's gonna go skydiving one
day not today not tomorrow but I'm gonna
make sure he overcome his fears and I'm
gonna vlog it so tell me what's your
fear and what you scared of doing
because I feel like I'm not scared of
anything it's like you're not scared of
anything
all right anyways guys so yeah about to
go home drop the footage off and go do
something fun for the vlog yo your boy
just got what mani/pedi baby let me see
let me see that mani-pedi you see that
mani-pedi
I miss the under that like many petty
Wow
I'm about to get that foot massage
through dolls damn your boy feels fresh
you guys wonder why I get so many girls
it's like as the way I look the wood
males look before people thought it was
really good to do that that actually not
gay so really really cool to do that
because it's only like 25 dollars and
they do it for you and they do a great
job instead of you clipping your nails
and --nails flying all over your house
so who does that huh I know you guys do
it low-key come on guys oh man the sun's
suck my energy a holy crap oh man oh man
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching these vlogs I'm back on my
daily routine thank you so much and I
hope you enjoy these disturbing the
peace clips extras yes they are extras
they're not going to make it to my main
channel that's what I'm here so you can
be entertained but my disturbing the
peace video is going to be another level
I'm so happy to be back I posted an
Instagram picture letting people know
I'm going to be back with my disturbing
the beast videos and you guys are all
excited so I cannot wait for to deliver
you guys all me so stay tuned and enjoy
it thank you so much for watching don't
forget to give it a big thumbs up to
this log and I'll see you guys tomorrow
tonight so I told you guys before that I
started a girl prank channel
and nobody has taken over yeah I guess
who's gonna take over fail right here
right here
and not because she's pretty because
she's fucking crazy
