what up villains what's up my friends so
yes I know you probably asked me why is
it nighttime well it's because I've been
working all day and it's been a
different type of job I had to mark all
my receipts from last year what I liked
when I went out to eat when I bought
clothes when I went like shopping
whatever you know I had to market for my
accountant in order to know how much
taxes I should be paying for last year
or how much money I should save so yeah
it's a late start but today I'm gonna go
support my boy Bart Baker for fuck
cancer event he's doing it it's gonna be
like a red carpet event at Bootsy
bellows it's a night club in and was
Hollywood so yeah and about to see my
boy wad about to go to dinner and you
know and I go see Bart and then see what
happens but yeah how'd you guys like
yesterday's vlog pretty crazy right
did somebody definitely got shot so I've
never seen so many cop cars passing by
and on fire trucks yeah nobody got shot
for shoes how many cop cars with you
know like nine or ten ten cop cars flew
by and I was like I don't want to vlog
this because it's gonna stop my laughter
to cop cars and I was like I said we
just ate and guess who showed up look at
this guy what's up yes
so guess what so these ladies well her
well they they're pranksters out hard so
I told you guys before that I started a
girl prank channel and nobody has taken
over yeah I guess who's gonna take over
and not because she's pretty because
she's fucking crazy over 260 were they
gonna be watching every day oh my we
have a new girl pranksters and we have
this Asian - hey we made it for this yes
that's right and guess what me up with
Beachbody oh you got it are you hey
September 8th guys just like you
yeah 60-day transformation I want to
look like we see but I don't think I
looks crazy your muscle what are you
doing I'm doing like I don't know like a
22 minute workout yeah so what do you
think we'll have we'll have a look at
six times be tight yes I'm excited
my PMS to be hot I wonder how does that
rate charge is it good that's my hot box
cook it is a square shape it's like you
know how most are bubbles yeah this is
flat yeah I'll show you let me show you
how you break an egg that's how you
break an egg girls feel what guys coming
their fucking face hi guys thank you so
much for watching this vlog hope you
guys enjoyed our a nice little breakfast
of god the girls the vlog sexiness don't
forget to come back tomorrow for another
epic vlog actually Kirk is coming today
I didn't tell you guys the Kirk is about
to arrive in four hours so it's crazy it
was like he just decided to drive from
Utah to LA so yeah things are about to
get crazy anyways don't forget to come
back tomorrow and don't forget to thumbs
up and thank you so much for watching us
see you guys tomorrow this is dine yet
