what are billets whoa whoa what's up oh
here try it again no it's fine we're
heading right now to actually a music
video guys never told you about I'm
heading to shoot a music video Chuckie
deejay Chuckie music video and deejay
Bobby puma deejay Bobby Pumas Nima's
friend and he hooked me up and they
asked me if I want to be the music video
I said why not
and yeah I don't know it's gonna be a
crazy crazy scene I'm playing a shit
head that's my role so basically I'm
gonna be in the strip club in downtown
Los Angeles and I'm gonna be home with
whole bunch of strippers and it's a
professional music video I don't know
what's my role I shed had throwing money
and stuff you know the usual me so this
is both this is director of music video
say what's up to the villains son what's
up look at this so we had this
underground strip club in LA I can't
tell you where it is but this place is
actually fucked up like he says actually
a swingers club swingers club let's see
you better it's now I know where to come
Friday inside of it this is a private
sex hello yeah it smells kind of funky
what is this this is like a little bed
levels yeah dude maybe I thought you
know house yeah I should this is just
should be my setup you realize he's not
gonna want to leave all right yeah what
is it but what up my mother throw up I
didn't matter how many nasty people
building a vides out it's really ironic
that you went to go take a shower back
in the hole yeah we're choosing which
one's better you know in Russia they
made fun of me for those because I
didn't wear them they're like this was
style was in 1992 drinking him back yeah
something go with that awful one this
one the green one yeah I see you you
guys seen this somewhere right do you
remember where see she's playing the
bartender how many of you put your money
and hurt yeah what's your name again
Jolene Jolene is that your real name
yeah
okay all right this is my Cali sOooo
cold no I wish right
do you mind sitting here for a couple
minutes while we work out yeah of course
thank you very much
yes I'm a drill
you would think it's okay today so he
rubs children in this one we're selling
your massage so that like you should
remember your money right no and then if
you can just exit for quiet please let's
roll camera
got it thanks actually
are you can't have another jacket coat
please come on you can do faster in this
do you want this money background I
think I'm watching girls dance you're
seeing things so activity stuff is going
on your drinking your cocktails you're
laughing you're dancing to the music let
me know when you're set shot here you go
let me get it straight dealer check her
ass out she have nice ass
yes that's alright let's do this one
your boys fuck that do this what's up
why are you still dressed come on
hey hey charge for a blowjob do you know
I'm not a good show okay shit water
gimme another one come on come on faster
so we're filming this scene where I'm
supposed to be the biggest hassle to you
you did a great job
no and I just wanted to say I'm sorry
I just wanted to say I'm sorry so what
you think look these things you like
this not you played a very good asshole
yeah yeah that's why I threw money in
her face he shoved it in my tits
I knew her for five minutes I already
touched her tits it's not nice it's not
nice agreement out about wanting
blowjobs imitative oh yeah that's I mean
we're at the strip club but does this
one big a strip but you want to come
here and Friday for real though sex club
yeah they actually have douche things in
the girls bathrooms like the girls pee
and then you I don't know you want gonna
take you on a baby no I tried Jonah this
is my Russian fellow right here and from
Ukrainian tech Ukrainian I'm from
Ukraine to a dusty crane I'm from
Donetsk Donetsk
oh that's not a good place to go now
it's not a good place inside but I just
wanted to say that you got definitely
lifts thank you doesn't do you pitch by
D p90x ah now I'd love to well so I'm
chilling here with Brent on these
couches and I don't know why receipt why
we're sitting here do you know how nasty
these things they're okay you don't care
let's get the UV light and see it is
nasty dude UV light oh I don't even know
why I'm sitting here up all the dirty
shit been done here look at this
something another scene right now where
a girl which is her name is pussy she's
gonna have to slappy she could stop with
a pussy if she wants to
hey you're not too much you don't want
to go to I want to see it escalate so
let's let's have it get to where it gets
to be too much
earn your slap in the face good this is
this is pretty close to real he's gonna
say some wild shit he's gonna earn me
he's gonna hurt her he's gonna earn his
slap in the face now I want to talk
about the blocking on this on the I'm
going to talk about the blocking on this
flat like how we do it and don't not try
to rattle your teeth but I do want to
sell
so why don't you tell the camera how
long you've been doing this for a living
how long have you been doing a little
bit tell them
for about two days now two days how much
money did you make the first day why
don't you do through 16 years show what
she does see that she's going to slap me
today but I have to do something bad for
you to slap me so I'm gonna grab that
bird a practicing well maybe I just
extensors incoming everyone all the
money you see on set is not real dumps
daily please these prize debts as it
goes down like me comes up and his the
his money is the first of it I know he's
like a renovator yeah you're gonna try
to do that what when you go fluffy strip
club for touching row when you when you
try to reach she hates your ass oh it's
not like yeah and you're not it's not
like you're just going oh hi here's a
little bit of money you're already going
with your hair because you know it's
like a Porteous come back on inside yeah
okay hey that's what she gets letters
true club you don't get slapped for
putting money at girls is that how you
guess that less yeah
this guy this guy is the reason you
can't see yeah like I wanted to push him
yeah and he's the fucking reason you
can't see like you're trying to watch
most beautiful you ever seen this dick
hands in your way you don't how much
money yes right so just gonna say
something try to be nice about it like
you're at the movies excuse me bro
excuse me bro Hey and he's gonna react
to you shit timeshifters and douchebag
he threw money at you you know so we're
feeling him we hate him we all kind of
hate him all everybody that's reacting
to him we hate you we all agree that we
don't like this fucking guy fuck this
guy okay so sorry
so when he gets to here he never this is
you get him up in the air all right
they're gonna take each take an arm do
not block his face nospace every bit of
denim you have aimed at her yeah
every fucking the Coco so long dragon
away look at ya cuz not bad bro
you can't have the poster then not only
are you getting thrown out you just
threw all your money at the floor
dumbass sir so uh-huh now reach
bravo Bravo yes would you think shedding
here he's gonna make our Kissin okay now
feel better need to be good though she's
not a really stripper I mean I just you
think oh she's in Vegas you're the one I
was in balls I did you can keep jerking
off but I gotta go look at this look at
this you get to watch this all day you
got the best job in the world
not bad work if you could find it oh
look at that phase though looks like he
slipped into the ass she's gonna watch
this this awesome crew thank you guys
for everything alright guys so you
probably started it thanks dude a good
camera work yeah
all right guys so thank you so much all
right guys just got home after an epic
shoot I'm so happy I made it to the
shoot on DJ Chucky and DJ Bobby Puma
holy crap that was crazy would you think
that was awesome
the girls were super all see I can't
handle this sorry I'm cutting you off
with you no no you can go yeah the girls
the girls are just like unbelievable
it's like I come home to this
it's 10:00 p.m. I cup what I got to do
and probably got to go up it's crazy but
yeah it was cool I'm probably going to
use some of these girls in my videos and
my prank videos because they were pretty
sexy I got a lot of camera time it was
pretty cool directors and the whole team
was school and see what I mean booty
calls are coming in but uh yeah so I had
super super super a lot of fun I hoped
you guys enjoyed this vlog because it's
pretty crazy you guys want to see more
of these type of logs because I feel
like every time I show you girls like
this you guys oh what a man or what did
this what it is what it is what did this
it's a it's nothing I'm in a music video
it was a strip club so it's not like I'm
showing off I'm vlogging my daily life
to show you what I'm doing so don't
think I'm just like caring about hanging
out with like half-naked girls and
whores there were all actresses there
weren't really strippers so yeah enjoy
the vlog and haters once again they're
gonna hate they're gonna hate sorry from
around half-naked girls like it's like
it's not like I'm trying just like I
don't know I get called to these things
damn damn I need a haircut what do you
guys think look at this look at like a
emo but anyways guys thank you so much
for watching this vlog and thank you for
coming back again you guys been really
supporting me later in these daily vlogs
and it's motivating me to keep doing
them and yeah so thank you so much for
watching this log don't forget to give
this video a big thumbs up and I'll see
you tomorrow like always let's diner I'm
on the bog yeah
in the rug is guy can really so I was
fixed him actually phone screen just now
and he just wave to me and if you're
that bigger fan I would have stopped so
I was just driving by he was like
screaming wave was god cool
