what up what up what up villains hey
what's going on my friends uh we got
banned in here wouldn't sell today's
there like an exciting day kind of well
affixed my screen
we're gonna go to Office Depot right now
to get this board where I'm gonna line
up all the pranks I'm gonna do so
actually motivate him to do them and I
don't forget them if I have a schedule
I'll be able to you know get stuff done
anyway so fix my screen and uh yeah then
this happened what happened Brennen so
what happened is we went to get his
phone fixed and all of a sudden you know
we go in there there's some fans already
in there then we we we come always sit
in the car for a second and then I see
this kid looking at the car like he's
all excited and everything and I see him
pointing and everything and I'm like
Gibby there's like a fan he walked away
then as we were leaving he walked and
turned on the corner he waved and we
waved he we were you know there was
traffic coming at us we parked somewhere
to have a phone call he had a business
call and then I see the kid and I'm like
vite there's that same kid right there
and I got out of the car and he knew who
I was which is pretty crazy and he was
like freaking out he's like dude like I
watched the vlogs and watch the videos
everything so you know I was standing
there and then he got out out of the car
and he freaked out and this happened
we came from Philadelphia hangout so
spics I'm actually phone screen just now
and he just waved to me and if you're
that big of a fan that wouldn't stop so
I was just driving by he was like
screaming wait what's God cool hi and
then I guess they followed me put your
number my phone case dude I would've
gave it right now by it was pretty
awesome dude thanks so much for all the
love appreciate it did you yeah you made
my day too
for from all the excitement you you had
to actually meeting me so thank you bro
so Brendan and I are going food shopping
right now because we need some healthy
good food I'm done eating out I keep
saying that but we need healthy food
about my 90-day transformation should
start any day and now it's said if I get
this email if I don't get this email I'm
gonna do it on my own but I hope we get
this company to do because I will be
motivated because I would have to be
there every day
and I would get these meals and I would
just be in the best shape of my life so
I hope this happens and actually Brendan
wants to do - I want to do this if I a
if you all see this please like I'm fat
he knows I'm fat I want to get skinny
again can I show him a picture of what I
was skinny oh yeah so this is me when I
was skinny ugly a boy that's me yeah
that's me when I was about 23 years old
I just turned 28 um yeah so if you guys
could please help me out if you want to
if you want to how are they gonna help
you out they're gonna just come and be
like get
you're fat us after couch we actually is
that but um yeah please
if you guys want to I'm talking to the
company I'm saying to the company like
if you if they're watching the vlogs and
if you guys see this that's me skating I
want to look like that we'll love you
they would love their before and after
picture yeah you all don't know about
this guy that's it no you got to pay for
that
just got back from Office Depot and
shopping and got a lot of stuff for our
pranks and we brainstorming actually
look at this turn off my phone for once
and it's down here and we're
brainstorming like crazy yeah what do
you think regular lashes done we got
this okay I can't show them can I know
you catch from the board with ideas you
crazy what about this or no this is only
got ready we got this board and yeah and
they're gonna screenshot that they gonna
see everything just move too fast oh
yeah you don't think so all right well
no relax don't show me anything but
anyways so yeah I'm actually planning to
do a vlog every day and I'm not gonna
say every day for pranks on my second
channel but like I know you guys
commented I want to see the old totality
disturbing the peace videos where I just
prank people do you guys want me to put
this on my main channel or in this
channel like I feel like at almost 9
million subscribers only have to bring
like top-notch quality like viral pranks
or just like you know I'm too hard on
myself that's what everybody says but I
just don't know what exactly a really 1
maybe you guys can help me in the
comments what do you guys want like if
you as a viewer as a fan want to see me
do pranks what do you want to see do you
want to see the old where I just gone
just people off do you want to see
picking up girls or do you want to see
what do you want to see just let me know
in the comments below so I can actually
understand what do you guys really want
because I don't know if I go to the old
Italian you guys say well Batali's
boring them and then if I try something
new it goes viral and some fans say it's
still no good I don't know and
I don't know I'm just gonna yeah I
should just be uploading weekly pranks
I've been complaining for a long time on
my main channel but I just can't do it
because I just I just feel like this
video is not good
oh this videos not good oh this video is
not gonna do good I don't know I think
she's gonna do Brandi just wants to go
out filming everyday don't you Brenda
every day every day that's all I see but
yeah let me know in the comments below
what you guys want me to do and yeah
we're making decisions right now and
planning out our schedule for the next
six months I should say and the night in
Chennai and a transformation start soon
but I'm doing a schedule for my next 90
days because I want to go to Dubai again
in January or December and I want to
kill it
till then so I can take a nice little I
wants a vacation because I'm still gonna
be blogging when I go to Dubai the last
time I went to the Bible are like four
days or like four days like five like
five logs and I've been there for a
month for a month and if I go this year
I'm gonna actually vlog everyday and I'm
actually gonna bring my mom also hmm
maybe some of you get to meet my mom all
right guys it's the next day ah thank
you so much for watching this vlog and
coming back every day and being so loyal
and actually giving him big thumbs up on
these vlogs and talking to me in the
comments and once again I do read all
the comments so thank you it's uh this
is gonna be this week is gonna be pretty
big for Brendan and I because we're
gonna be shooting up pranks and I'm
going old school like I told you guys
just previously yesterday and of law not
in the vlog yesterday
yeah yesterday so thank you so much for
everything for all the support and yes
let me know in the comments what do you
want to see you want to see all
disturbing the peace me just pissing
people off or do you want to see the new
stuff like those big production crazy
pranks let me know don't forget to give
it a big thumbs up and thank you so much
for watching this yeah
