what out Dylan's sorry I'm not that loud
right now it's because it's morning time
and we're about to wake up Brendan
they're right way with my friend let's
go you ready
you know is it a nice way to wake up put
your faith in them this located from
teas good morning bro
all right guys did you guys like the way
I woke up Brendan stop look around here
with meeting with these guys and look
we're having a meeting yeah it's it's
not a custom though these girls look
like I can't point for too long but it's
just so awkward
but anyways guess I woke up Brendan with
those shits in his favor
yeah yeah and I made him turn around to
motorboat he's like no no if you like
went under a pillow I was like listen
TVs Brandon come on
anyway alright guys we just came to hike
- what is it Laurie Canyon Lord right
here run your Lord Lord Canyon
Johan wait we lost Brendan Oh Brandon
are you there this is not even the
height let's go alright everybody
me and Adam who seem to lost Vitaly oh
shit
we found him why do you carry dude dude
I'm with a badge
yeah yep the weekend got you huh yeah
you cannot wait to start my 90-day
transformation
yeah wait seriously little literally
been hiking for like not even five
minutes City business oh alright guys
after a nice hike we decided to stop at
California chicken cafe chicken cafe
we're gonna work I never been here
we're gonna watch how vitally eats yeah
I think you don't really grow how many
times gross so meat so hot the way I ate
nobody likes the way 8y I fast I
I go left to right I really did good
because I was mad sorry guys anyways
let's check this place out and see how
good it is because Kevin smart looking
six hey guys the time has come for the
winner of the contest remember in
Croatia when I was escaping the Wolves
with these guys Adam and Cameron and
David who is unfortunately not here
right now hey David
but anyways we chose the winner and the
winner is ivory from Colorado
congratulations congratulations man you
have been picked to come with us and
fatality to a secret location we're
going to be traveling to we're not going
to tell anyone yet though I don't know
yes so that means if you did not win
don't worry there's a new contest coming
up soon I promised you guys it games
gonna get you guys guys guys gonna get
to travel with me if you did not win
don't be butthurt because there's
another contest coming up soon so please
do not worry but anyways if you guys
want to check out some awesome videos
that's been done by camera and puts a
lot of work into it looks absolutely
insane and where they go every month
they travel a lot so if you want to
check out those videos check out the
link in the description below
it's called escape with the wolf don't
forget to give them a thumbs up and say
Vitaly sent you let me see what the
villains got thank you guys so much for
watching this video and you guys have
anything else to say
No thank you guys for entering the
contest oh that yeah that was amazing
and we'll be doing another contest soon
Cameron any last words of wisdom for
everyone
No okay he's speechless he's in the
contest she's thinking about all the
traffic about to come on his work
alright guys thank you so much for
watching this log once again
congratulations to the winner and yeah I
can't wait for you to find out where
we're gone because we're gonna have a
lot of fun and yeah so if you didn't win
don't be butthurt because there's more
contests that are coming and I can't
wait for you guys to enter them so thank
you so much once again for watching this
vlog don't forget to give it a big
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
did you like those titties in your face
I did thank you very much
