what out villains and we're out in LA
another beautiful sunny day in
California I'm heading to downtown to do
Tour du Tour the mountain sponsored by
Mountain View it's yeah it's a pro skate
competition I decided to go for you guys
and vlog and enjoy because I used to be
in skating as you guys known for like
seven years eight years I didn't have
metal in my elbow but this is not say
phlegm like texting and not texting of
looking at GPS I look at the phone so
yeah I have a metal elbow I have a metal
pretty much you have metal of my own but
anyways guys love you I can't miss my
exist oh no oh my god I hit this car oh
my god no way ah just kidding guys I
don't know if it was a good joke or not
well yeah I'm gonna no I don't want to
do the boy that cried wolf oh my god I
got a drive extra carefully now yeah so
Eddie got me out here again chickened
out I'm with your photographer today
the impasse so was winning
in here
so I can't go back to that we saw the
another one too
Oh
sending text messages for watching and
subscribe to Thomas
this is
literally oldc
so what'd you guys think about the
skating pretty sick right so when you
see those clips cut up really fast is
because to not you know waste your time
how they're writing back and trying the
trick again but they barely tried it
everything was first or second try that
you saw it's amazes me how yeah this is
why I'm not a pro this is why quit
skating a long time ago it goes but it's
not for me that's just insane
the techniques the that's just crazy
what people like that seventh day that
they skated with that rail they barely
nobody even fell they just land on their
feet like when I used to skate seven six
buddies to fly across the whole sidewalk
and shit that's pretty much it
hate shit that's why I got that scar on
my elbow I don't know if you can see
right now but all right I'm gonna drive
and fix my phone fine and I'm going to
my appointment hey yeah I can fix my
screen it's about damn time
hi guys so I just got out the mall and
guess what happened they did not fix my
phone why because my iPhone was a little
bit bent and they cannot do it because
now you used to have a like people make
it like people make the replace the
screen and all of it but now it's the
machine so the machine is gonna break
since the iPhone is a tiny Bend and it's
barely bent I wish I had it right now I
didn't have it to show you because I
left it at home for charging but yeah
I'm super pissed so now I have to take
one of those places on Craigslist those
Asian places that fix it for like 70
bucks or whatever it's gonna be cheaper
anywhere and plus I read the new iPhone
coming out 6s in about a month so we'll
see I heard they have 4k camera that's
gonna be nice oh look who are you
you want new you have to have five
here's the first one you like bar for me
like few years ago you guys you're gonna
use equal unite you thank you later
they're not gonna have phones later you
just gonna look and talk to people just
call call call Brendan and just clothes
Brendan but anyways sushi time with my
mom and then we're gonna go see straight
out of Russia
so that's hahaha whoa I thought you
didn't want me to get it I thought you
didn't want me to get it what happened
now you grab the fork uh-huh
you don't get anything try some of you
were like what happened to your 90-day
transformation I did not start yeah well
once that starts it seriously
game over this game over I'm gonna be
monitored I'm gonna get free food well I
believe for three months so I'm just I'm
gonna be into it completely insert I
guess you follow me on you follow me
everywhere you Straight Outta Compton
give it a little kiss all right what are
we doing at it oh my get some water but
it's only five of us knock him out with
the rose knock him out for the vlog for
the vlog for the vlog knock him out
three two one that's and you know what I
give him with that I'm a medjool yet his
Romeo only one is hard right now all
right guys thank you so much for
watching I really appreciate it because
you guys give me all the support in the
world don't forget to come back tomorrow
and I love you don't forget to thumbs up
like this and the Sudan yeah that's he
down yet goodnight any awkward school
moments actually yes in third grade ask
my school teacher can I go to the
bathroom she says no you cannot I said
oh yeah okay I got up and pissed her her
flowers and yes I did
