what does that villains thank you so
much for coming back to watch my daily
videos today we're doing something
different today we're doing Q&A so thank
you for asking me all these wonderful
questions on my Twitter let's go when
the question number one what was the
worst job you ever had
well the worst job I think I had it was
being a junkman basically I went to
people's houses pick up their trash and
took it to the main dumpster of the city
yeah it was gross and I was getting
about six dollars and 50 cent per hour
started from the bottom now we're
nowhere yet
what made you strict the World Cup
Finals last year
well Youssef texted me at 6 o'clock in
the morning hey Vitaly do you want to go
to Brazil with me to the World Cup game
I said sure why not the next day we
bought our tickets and he was over here
and I'm like you know what I'm gonna
shoot the World Cup he says he'll enough
nobody believed me and when you doubt me
I'll prove you wrong so yeah that's what
made me do people do not down me what is
your favorite prank my favorite prank is
probably even lift because it was the
hardest to film it took me five days to
film and it took a lot of balls going up
to these guys faces and asking you got
chicken arms why do you have chicken
arms chicken leg all this so yeah and
the reactions you really have to find
those guys that would get mad because
everybody was just laughing and like
good one dude good one where's the
camera where's the camera so yeah this
was the toughest one and even Chainsaw
Massacre prank because it was Sydney
Australia wants to know if I'm gonna
come down under I don't know what the
hell that means down on her own sake no
one snake alright but brought me I'll
tell you that much don't worry I'm
coming now kidding but Australian fans
yes of course they cannot wait to go to
Sydney Australia
and I know have a lot of fans there so
yeah definitely a bucket list let me
know where should go baby babe how many
girlfriends did you have I only had one
girlfriend and that was enough yeah
having a girlfriend is like having a mom
where are you oh my god are you cheating
on me oh my god what is oh oh oh bitch
shut the fuck up what's your real name
ha ha I guess it's time to say my real
name it's Bobby shmurda
at what age was your first kiss well my
first kiss that thing was at 8 years old
on my first grade crush yes we were
playing spin the bottle and it land on
her out of the whole group and I was
like hey babe when do you start your 90
day challenge and when you're coming to
New York my 90 day challenge is actually
gonna start in two weeks I think and I
cannot wait for it I'm gonna get in the
best shape of my life yes I'm gonna
commit it like you stuff cuz Yousef
inspired me I was awesome I can't wait
why not my coming to New York I'm always
seeing your guys so maybe I should do
another meetup in New York so everybody
gets to meet me what are you coming to
Sweden oh my god I cannot wait to go to
Sweden I heard girls picked you up
instead of man picking them up all
laughter do you just look pretty and
they're gonna come with their blue eyes
and blond hair Swedish girls I totally
love you yes when are you getting
married
what am I getting married huh that's a
good question because I don't think I'm
ever gonna get married
hey why not just be boyfriend and
girlfriend why marry you I put a ring on
it
what does the ring prove and also I'm
not trying to you make millions of
dollars and then a girlfriend or a wife
I should say it's gonna take half of it
I know if I don't have to sign anything
or what not but getting married I don't
know I don't think there's a point any
awkward school moments actually yes in
third grade ask my school teacher can I
go to the bathroom she says no you
cannot I said oh yeah okay I got up and
pissed turned her flowers and yes I did
when the fuck is not show more bracers
coming out well let me tell you it's
coming out soon and you're gonna laugh
your ass off I promise you that hype is
real
everywhere I go before they ask me for
the picture they go when is the movie
coming out whoa okay now wait natural
born pranksters baby whoo do you think
you can beat Yusef in an arm-wrestle
what do you think check out this pink
shirt of course it and the last question
is what would you do right now if you
weren't youtuber Jess what gay forbade
okay guys on the serious note if I
wasn't a youtuber I'll probably still be
a waiter because I didn't go to college
and I'll try to make my way out of the
late to become the best actor hi guys
thank you so much for watching this Q&A
and if you want to participate in that
other one don't forget to follow me on
Twitter vitalyzdtv the link is in the
description below so you don't miss out
next time thank you guys so much for
watching this don't forget to thumbs up
I really love you thank you for coming
back and don't forget to come back
tomorrow because I'll see you then
