hello grandpa sauce
what's up Dylan Safari why because I was
my grandmother's or men and he just
opened the door cos she's open for
anybody I just changed my voice and open
up booze and he opened he has no idea
that I'm here I'm gonna surprise me
probably gonna cry I don't have a lot of
logic when I'm gonna put the block
hammer down anyways let's do this follow
you I could why because look what device
adjusted because they're all you know
ideas thank you Magritte is disgusting
my grandfather's house and we ate so
much we eat for many you make off you
for me you made me cookies you know when
grandfather's do look at this a handsome
guy what's up yeah how are you excuse me
what's up you feeling what I'm feeling
what come here what's up feelings what's
what's up
what up let's have lunch it what's up
cat feeling he's not good I love you
grandpa
jeez I lied you do that mm I miss you
lose you go oh my god anybody a sociable
look at a short some old yet stuff
he wants to give me money look at this
guy look at this guy if I was literally
to take all his money from him from my
grandma and per minute for
counter-strike 1.6 but now I don't need
your money should I do you some honey
naked getting that machine and that was
the last hug from my grandfather Hodja
push-up for 70 years old
you're crazy grandpa Wow how do me drive
a car not helping me drive a car
teaching me how to drive a car at 8
years old
you crazy grandpa teaching me how to
build a house would be so blood knocking
you're crazy grandpa and yeah just had a
good life I miss you I miss you grandpa
if you're watching this I'm this yield
and I love you forever and what's up
villains started supposed to vlog like
that I just wanted to share what's
happening in my life I guess that's
vlogging is all about or sharing what
happens in your life and this happened
the past week so I've been kind of on
the load the past week and I also
started my community service hours which
is here's a little clip
yep that's me planting the seeds the
seeds the trees around the house I got
like 150 hours left but a lot of
projects coming this year guys a lot a
lot a lot I'm getting my skydiving
license I believe next month it's going
to be a lot of fun I'm going to vlog the
whole procedure the whole experiment
I'm almost finished writing my movie
can't wait to show you guys the movie
I'm filming it's going to be a big year
and I just want to say thank you for the
patience thank you for coming back to
watch the vlog and this is actually a
highlight of my Utah trip this week
what's up villains welcome to another
vlog I'm here with your boy Kurt the bed
now so I was in LA for about two days
caught up on everything that I needed to
do and I came out here for my first time
I was on my first time to Utah but I'm
here at Sundance Park City we had it to
go snowboarding I told myself I would
kill myself if I go snowboarding this
year because I love snow I grew up and
so I'm from Russia I'm so excited and
Kirk has been waiting for a while you've
been visiting me like what are you going
to visit me it was very spontaneous last
segment I didn't expect this trip I'm
gonna vlog it for you and hopefully get
some great footage together should be
gonna show up and it's gonna show me up
and they seen the video of you doing the
lawn chair off their jump yeah your
first job Oh
vitaliy fella but you probably Oh Joe no
dude this is crazy I told you guys a lot
of smoke so much but Kurt says it's
actually a good day to come with a Chloe
Chloe what is going on in it's dumping
you into counties look how beautiful
this is uh saying that this is a vitamin
Master Park City why do they get your
confidence all over three years I think
I think mail actually it's not
marketable really I want to go to
Switzerland right there what do you
think the best in the world slopes
best in the world here ha ha
all right look at you we just got to the
park speedy what's up boys it's really
good good dimmest occurred with star
Clyde how are you so we're gonna go
snowboard so I'm going to show this guy
how to go down the black diamond ah
ladies like let's tell them what you
just told us not yet oh yeah come on I
know probably versus goes nah nah salt
down the black diamond well yesterday he
couldn't make it down for half a second
oh stop spike just like that huh we got
Clyde every year climate I thought
yesterday actually I don't want to show
you guys so I bought a new GoPro Hero 5
we're about to get for real footy but my
stupid ass I forgot to plug in to put it
in that's what she said key all guys
this is crazy
look at this business oh my god here
yeah a little fullscreen oh oh my god
your comedy learn how to don't freakin
turn and now you want to hit the big
limo with the first armored with your
ass but I wanna hit the drugs are you
wanted the biggest black guy Wow look at
this it barely makes a mammalian I
surveyed on top of the mountain and it's
still very windy over here Thank You
Lyndee I want to cut off my nose
I see okay holy shit
alright guys I hope you enjoyed the
little snowboard montage with it for you
but we left writing these guys you know
that wasn't going to call this game I've
ever had any talk I was legitimate
yellow powder color for game and then
we're going to go to marshmallow in
Sundance and close off the ride we just
arrived to Park City we're going to the
marshmallow then he were like you're two
hours earlier look at this guy I call
him 50/50 dude what's wrong with a good
buddy see it is speak was freezing out
here
it makes him snow from Cali I was the
rest of the group is behind us you're
going to get in vlog you guys the
chauffeur - never been taking him and
he's never seen marshmallow
thank you James Jenness you watching it
for lunch and honestly here we kind of
hi
Oh
Oh
thank you guys so much for watching this
vlog thank you for coming back thank you
for giving a big thumbs up and if you
didn't please do and yeah just thank you
for everything guys seriously I love you
and I'm gonna say I'm gonna come back
tomorrow actually maybe I will come back
tomorrow because I want to do I want to
fill my community service hours I'm sure
you guys will get a good laugh at it
anyways thank you I'll see you tomorrow
let's dine
