what up Philip hey whoa what's up guys
another day instead of Monica
well not another I haven't been here in
a while but Dennis is leaving tonight
like I said in my previous vlog and
we're going to take advantage by that by
doing a prank together because I don't
think no we did a lot of praying on
library' prank yeah it'd be nice it's
beautiful weather outside we're looking
for hot girls in Santa Monica I don't
really I don't think it should be that
hard to find some but you never know
they have to be sitting down to make
this prank work right oh you funny dude
so yeah oh you remember the skate spot
by the way yeah yeah and you know okay
okay
by the way ed is inviting us tomorrow to
which what is it called True Blood I
don't know our blood we are true but we
are blood skate premiere in downtown and
the Deuter competition so he invited us
to all of that I think I'm gonna take
advantage of that and vlog for you guys
it's gonna be a lot of fun and I know
some most of you guys probably I don't
know some of you are skaters
skateboarders skate for life so you guys
will enjoy it a lot and I'm sure you've
seen this in Tony Hawk on the ground the
skate spot right here
you go right here down here and then pee
rod the switch tre flip over 3 flat 3
flat 3 for Nike commercial France France
we did the heat of the kickflip to Anna
in Baker 3 kickflip I'm talking about a
switch strafe loving somebody kickflip
no but he did like a shifty he caught he
caught it crooked oh okay all right I
get that okay hi guys so we've been
walking around Venice Beach we got from
Santa Monica to Venice Beach and we
didn't really find the reactions we're
looking for and to be honest there's not
really a lot of hot girls today out but
then this happened there was this
crackhead that's gone around and calling
big people fat and cursing at kids and
everything he was saying the kids with
dad like dad the kids suck my balls
yeah yeah just walking fast and talking
so I was like alright maybe it's going
to be good for the blog let me take out
my camera then he goes to the bathroom
on Venice Beach and the door was locked
so he started screaming get out of the
bathroom and start back
and running and punching the bathroom oh
she was high on something so you know
what I want and go to investigate what
really happened and this would happen
Oh relax all right shut up you shut up
you the fucking yoga I'm talking about
yeah fuck you white boy you're about to
eat the ground shut up fuck you fuck you
too Oh Oh what are you gonna do
nice one what are you gonna do nice one
keep nice try
try it again Oh
Phil do it oh yeah Phyllis Phyllis
yo stop smoking stop taking acid bro go
home go home you're gay go home bro yeah
take me how beautiful you're not you
should go to the beach and sleep bro
stop smoking man fuck me come on bro
yeah well you got them that I was gone
this guy's crazy this crazy people on
Venice Beach
I got everything dude hey kick in the
door like you do the other peoples like
nah I mean once if you wants to dick our
tonight that's why he's it is you get
the knife within this bag not gonna stab
you with it
sorry about my brother yeah baby so yeah
I got a lot of it
alright hey guys Oh slow
we can picture awesome awesome created
thanks to thank man thanks see ya ha ha
look at this I got attacked that'sthat's
crazy dude he's like you're dead you're
dead I think he was gonna pull out a
knife so is like you know what I gotta
go but somebody had to stop him that's
too far that's it's too buggy but yeah
somebody had to stop him so I had to
come up to him and tell him yo you need
to shut up and relax and that's what he
did so but he's gonna hurt it if it
wasn't me you know I didn't get hurt but
you might hurt somebody else that just
go out behind him and punch him in the
face slice their throat they're gonna
end up on the web side you know so we
just got to the mall and look how nice
Brendan Brendan what do you do
why don't you tell getting something for
mom for birthday Oh what are you sure
I'm not sure I'm saying everybody I'm
getting something mostly what are you
getting get it I told I love to get a
Tori secret give cock now it's like it's
$50 like what
I don't want to do you see I'm like
going anyways guys so tomorrow's my
edition I'm super nervous tomorrow's my
Edition tomorrow I see the acting coach
before my addition I'm gonna be studying
and yeah so wish me guys luck is
tomorrow is going to be a big day for me
and also I just got to the mall to the
Apple store and guess what there's no
walk-ins
and they can't fix my screen see like
four days from now so I've an
appointment like four days from now I'm
gonna be with this broken screen plus
they got worse look at it look at this
anyway your boy about to eat and study
digestion all night baby I'm gonna be
all night up studying for this edition
because I'm gonna go in there and kill
it I'm super nervous I'm insecure
believe it or not but I am gonna go over
my fear and get over my fear and kill it
if you guys wonder where my boys Stevo
got arrested on the crane and it will be
right there right now when Beverly
Center which is Beverly Hills up right
there guys right there so this is where
my boy Steve all got arrested see the
Hollywood sign and that's where the
crane is boom or is it right there and
that was high alright guys so it's
midnight and we're studying studying
reading the scripts of Brendon Dennis
left and honestly I'm so nervous about
tomorrow I know I shouldn't be nervous I
was watching all these additions on
YouTube but I'm super nervous and it
really insecure about this I should have
prepared myself more but I got the
acting coach tomorrow so I don't know
hopefully just got to look at it a
positive positive energy a positive
things will come negative negative
things so I'm gonna pretend everything's
gonna be great yeah I'm gonna kill this
edition yeah woo hope you guys enjoyed
the vlog today was pretty crazy with
this cracker what you think Brendon
well this crackhead dude probably my
best friend in America really yeah how
many guys like it it was awesome
yeah the best footage I've gotten with
you that would you love yeah you love
the wild crab I likey I respect them for
pulling that camera out and getting that
second angle yeah good stuff buddy I
don't even have to tell Brendan to film
he just film so it's awesome alright
guys thank you so much for watching this
vlog don't forget to give it a big
thumbs up if you made it towards the end
or till the end I should say and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
the see Danya 360 - the camera 360
alright
boom - now you're tired yes we're
shooting the intro for natural born
pranksters we got the whole team over
there what's your names by the way
I am Nikita Cody
