what up villains what up what up what up
I'm here in studio in Burbank we're
shooting a movie I got Roman over there
I got Dennis over there we're shooting
an intro for natural born pranksters and
it's so much fun these clips are amazing
but my day started off kind of slow cuz
I had to take an uber because my car got
a flat tire right when I went in the
parking garage a big big screw so I
couldn't fix it so my car got screwed it
did that's a good one so yeah we're
shooting an inch from right now for the
natural born pranksters then it's lunch
time right now so we don't have to say
these exact words we can say whatever we
want to say if you'd like to use the
term yes you do you're okay guys okay
guys I'm in okay guys okay I'm in guys
yo ladies which one of you wanna blow
movie stars
hey girls which one of you want to blow
hey girls
who wants to blow movie star
awesome hey hey Ben hey bambinos hey
Shaniqua who wants to blow a movie star
hey your ratchet host do you want to
blow me cuz I'm a movie star hey movie
star alright so we just got to our
location I hear looking at a sub D long
time let's see how you been good
what are we shooting on a GoPro yeah
it's the GoPro red edition oh wow look
at that
so it's slow-mo look at this shot nice
dude sup dude we got the whole team here
maybe after this natural born pranksters
more they'll be a movie star so this
would be the most fun part in action
yeah you said it's advanced yep okay
don't play
what's up guys I'm here with these
beautiful ladies what's up ladies 360
here's the camera 360 alright yes we're
shooting the intro for natural born
pranksters we got the whole team over
there what's your names by the way now I
can remember it because they can
re-watch this flip dolls inside of me
spinning them 360 so I'll remember the
name for sure you guys ready to do this
you have a hard job just sitting there
looking good
why don't we baby all the girls boys
gonna fill out
hi guys I'm what I'm with these ladies
did you guys have fun today are you guys
ready to see yourself in the movie what
do you have to say to the viewers I'll
see you guys later I came back from
heaven dude I came back from heaven that
was heaven those girls dude they're
gonna watch this yeah you guys already
know your heart okay
we had fun there yeah dream come true
for the dildo large and pink we finally
finished our movie the intro of the
movie and yeah so it's gonna be crazy
and yeah what happened so yeah it was
really cool
I hate being at that hot tub with those
girls that movie so good bro oh yeah
it's getting a nice slow-mo you guys I
wasn't there for Dennis's insured then
is his intro was awesome I don't want to
spoil it Romans was awesome
mine was my was the hardest probably
because that dildo just kept falling off
that dildo wasn't just fit you seeing
all the pictures if I won that one
I don't think I'm gonna put that dildo
in the vlog if you're gonna fly
YouTube's gonna flag that probably if I
put it in sorry boys calm force last you
to desert yes like this so we just ate
sushi and they have I've always wanted
that a desert here and I never looked at
the mania but they happen to tell a
cheesecake I'm getting him tell it
cheesecake right now oh no no stop
yo stop man come on no okay all right
all right
Minges is she okay really no dude no I
don't know dude I want this back
oh my god yeah is it good Oh what is
this but 60 seconds later yep that's
right 60 seconds later nothing left on
the plate and now it's time to go get a
nice massage hey guys next day we got
Dennis here he's leaving actually
tonight so we're gonna go film a public
prank yeah you're probably pretty fast
learner if you guys want to see what the
prank is about come back to tomorrow's
vlog cuz you're gonna miss me tally
right so thank you so much for watching
this hot hot having this law heaven wish
blog and I'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to thumbs up
