what up what up what up hey hey what's
up we got Greg over here so we're going
on a date today we're doing milkshakes
millions I'm milkshakes today is a cheat
day whoo
she's a cheap date cheat day millions a
milkshake double Nutella
double Ferrero strawberry and banana
that's what I get but anyways it's a
beautiful day out and what are you doing
Greg you got a paper parking everywhere
you don't know that you got to pay for
parking this is what sucks about our
life traffic and parking blows I still
didn't pay my tickets that I got that
one time well you all look at this guy
one scary
yeah that's my mom right there John well
he's gay what oh yeah that's my
ex-boyfriend yeah we brought if you can
have this on
if you'll do that you're feeling a
little horny today I can see it mom see
what happens here was Holloway guys
feeling a little horny scootera that I
could stop my not you don't have any of
Aegina
nothing is hurting
you're right that's right all right all
right
I wanted a skinny bitch
look at this poor Candy's fuckin
cornbread
so guys I don't know if you watch couple
of logs back but Matilda was sick as I
told you guys and she started to feel
better but actually my mom over the
weekend she went for a couple days to
San Diego so she left me with the dogs
and I forgot to tell you guys that but
the dog gets sick again and it couldn't
be because they had bladder stones I
don't know if you guys know what it is
but Matilda didn't pee for two days and
right now I walked her she peed and look
we came out
look at this is insane raw those rocks
that I was talking about look at this
it's literally a rock
what do you picked up from the ground
yeah and that's them drop them again
no that is right there it's crazy so
right thing Matilda's feeling a little
better I'm gonna go find her Matilda
Matilda yeah she she was in the bed the
whole week
Matilda are you feeling better
are you feeling better she that are you
feeling better Matilda she had a heavy
breathing and all that she was shaking I
think she's feeling better he feel
better
he's so shaking no maybe she's in pain
still missing that out that's crazy and
whatever you little rat
what fill it up gonna be okay so yeah so
I told my mom to take the dog to the vet
again and I'm gonna pay for the surgery
she has a surgery you saw those three
rocks she probably has like a literally
a handful of rocks in her bladder I
don't know what it's from but it sucks
ah so thank God my dog feels better guys
it's obviously the next day I always end
these vlogs next day I know right but
anyway so um tomorrow is pretty exciting
day I think so well it's a Korean day so
today is actually pretty exciting day
I'm gonna tell you in tomorrow's log
what we're doing but hopefully come back
tomorrow because you guys are the best
thank you for being so loyal I would say
yeah you guys are loyal because you're
actually coming back giving me these
likes my views are growing so I really
appreciate for all your daily support so
thank you so much for everything and
please don't forget to give it a big
thumbs up and yeah thank you guys so
much
love you Masoud Anya
I'm ascetic recommend this all day
