what's up villains today we're doing
natural born pranksters editions so we
got a whole bunch of girls in the
bikinis upstairs and today I'm gonna be
casting them for my opening scene of the
movie and I can't tell you what the
opening scene of the movie is but
they're gonna have to act scared and
it's not for a prank it's for an intro
as scripted intro it's gonna be very
shot very cinematic and yeah it's gonna
be pretty awesome I can't wait is this
fuse they were shooting it but right now
we're gonna go through a whole bunch of
girls in bikinis so let's see how hot
they are you came at the intermission
before I see the Russia fella think
intuition before and then you just react
okay scared shocked in Russia people
Jacuzzi are regulars of focus of the day
a military member the transfer guy thing
is not like resuscitation though okay
she's ready yet I'm sorry if I can do
this all day okay so the bigger that I
entered
to skiing you hear well it's actually
getting better than I thought not a bad
job for me today not for everybody in
this room
I don't know about her but another way
she goes through she rolls oh hey oh
well I didn't know you were there
that's really good Wow I didn't know
these things existed takes two seconds
to go simple yo black alright so maybe
really again I think not jumping because
you're gonna be really sitting so you
looked really yeah kind of seen I see so
I went to my kindergarten now Joshua
grew up you know what shapes of forms
yeah cool what's it you guys like this
or what you guys like it I I'll show you
some more girls here yo this it again a
little bit bigger yo
good hey what's up my sister we're just
relaxing
just chillin in the sunny day just like
you to show up like act just like
animals
jeah what yo so to do this low-key
camera smile ah yo
oh honey this two times along Russia
I'm playing to what to cook together
yeah I see about from Colombia music
ocean big but but she was against the
wall I couldn't tell I couldn't just let
go like that things popping action
sitting right Mary shows that you know
what
but you have the boat
I didn't eat enough of course because if
this is funny ocean so they're different
heart problem I think you have lots to
do around the university Oh
we got it awesome okay cool that's it
that's it thank you so much
dance goodies you guys don't understand
you think it's an easy job it's not
because I'm gonna have to leave and I
got a whole day ahead of me now well
that's gonna be on my mind is this I
think I'm gonna have to beat my meat
outside in the parking lot stop
following me
this girl's thing up yo what's up bro
Italy my name is Italy with V in the
front huh yo we're gonna choose relaxed
consumer whoa does it again
Wow
my village man that was crazy you know
what since you guys are my friends
loyal friends subscribers that actually
come back and watch my videos my daily
videos every day I want to ask your
opinion what do you guys think who was
the hottest girls I can't tell you you
know because they're probably gonna go
and watch probably half of them didn't
know who I was but I know who was the
hottest girls we're supposed to choose
three so which one did you guys think
that was the hottest girl it should be
you know a bikini model they were all
awesome outgoing everybody was outgoing
everybody had a great energy it was just
crazy mind-blowing but yeah these girls
were off the chain let me know in the
comments below who do you think the
hottest girl was man that was going to
be tough decisions for me to choose a
tough decision for me to choose
your boys favorite area caught you I
caught you hey I didn't take one yet I
did not take one you by the way guys
we're filming on this camera what do you
guys think let me know - you guys like
this better or you like me what I hold
the POV walk him and the only reason I
don't have it right now my vlog cameras
I know you guys gonna call me
responsible but I forgot that it's D
card at home so we're filming with this
but it looks cool right but I don't know
so yeah let me know the girls hot and
let me know what you guys think about
this camera B camera follow me on this
so so far today's vlog been crazy all
these girls modeling girls and stuff I
was crazy that's just absolutely nuts do
you think that I started this pranks on
the street hold on let me turn DC oh I
started this pranks on the street and Oh
calm calm calm
I started this pranks on the street for
being jumping on guys and tried to kiss
them jumping on their backs from
disturbing the peace videos - now living
in LA and yeah living in LA and making
movie shows and I never really thought I
could this happened I just I just
believed in my dreams and I achieved it
and I don't know if you guys follow me
on Instagram but actually you know right
now Facebook app right now when you log
in it says four years exactly what what
you did that day so basically it was a
picture with me and Stevo we're we're
mad at his historical comedy show and Oh
check out this car hold on check out the
scores
same as mine baby same as mine so when I
met him in 2011 I was still awaited with
his hysterical comedy show was super
funny if you guys didn't go see you
should go see it
and yeah just did a picture I just took
a picture with him he was so nice enough
to take a picture with everybody with
his own camera and I'm posted on his
website and you can download the picture
from there so I did it I'm like wow I
used to look up to these guys jackass
all of those dudes I was like I want to
be like that one day you know I'm crazy
and I felt like I was crazy enough
always I was always the class clown so I
was like I think I got what it takes you
know to
to be an entertainer you know so I
started doing YouTube videos and I
didn't believe in it when I started
doing YouTube videos I had 65 I got in 3
months 60 subscribers and I gave up for
a man physique bodybuilding and I was
natural bodybuilding physique where I
was just like 4 percent body fat and
yeah so then I was like you know what
I'm gonna try it again and I tried it
again and it worked and now I'm here
living in LA with my dream my mom out
here
she lives 3 miles away from me and yeah
I'm just living the dream what can I say
I'm making movies and while I made a
movie going to auditions my biggest goal
was to go to auditions and I'm finally
starting going to editions and yeah
everything's great so that's what I'm
telling you guys you guys should believe
in your dreams you know I thought it
would be that guys like nom that's never
gonna happen I should stop believing in
my dreams because people just say that
people are lucky no people are not lucky
if you work hard for it you'll get it so
whatever your dream is to become become
it actually why don't you tell me in the
comments who do you want to be in this
life who sane and you should be the
person you want to be in this life so
dreamy it achieve it and lived life and
by the way when I'm saying I'm living
the life I'm not living life yet I want
more I'm hungry for more
you know oh yeah sure I got 8.5 million
subscribers all the people want to take
pictures of me I wanted to be famous
sure but it's not enough I want to
become an actor professional actor in
Hollywood and I'm gonna fight for it so
good luck and let me know in the
comments I'm here in my garage this guy
what's up hello veneer garage yeah
where's the Lambo everybody's waiting to
see I got it in the in the garage in the
garage everything's in the garage I
haven't seen you around yeah we got see
shooting guy we got Logan here what's up
guys so anyways I was walking by and we
said hi to each other these guys hooked
it up so yeah
no question you want to see my garage
you want to see my lawnmower
yeah we're going to do a spoof pot I'm
gonna do a spoof it's like competition
like dude there's like 10,000 parodies
out there so I'm gonna give away like
five or 10 grand whoever does the best
one it's awesome so yeah I'm gonna check
it out
get me right let's go
yeah
hi guys it's currently the next day and
prank that I was supposed to upload in
the previous vlog I didn't upload his
YouTube was down so right now it's up so
please go give it a big thumbs up and
don't forget to leave a comment on the
main channel video and also two
questions that asked you who was the
hottest girl in this vlog and what do
you want to be in this life so two
things and don't forget to thumbs up
this log thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you guys tomorrow the sea
liner here's some clips that we got
today which obviously I'm not going to
use on my main channel never what what
happened to the road here nothing
happens as a trophy because in the sewer
mine Oh Superman is done
