what out villains thank you for coming
back and watching another vlog of us
yeah bring here we've got Brendan Eich
today I'm a construct printed in the
Mike Rendon on the camera today I'm a
construction worker and we're next to
collective building right now and yeah
today it's my first day on the job it's
about to be our first reaction we don't
know what to expect but sit tight
buckle your seatbelt and enjoy the blog
so we've got back with Brandon and we
didn't get that many shots because it
was really hard to film today a lot of
construction workers I don't know kind
of recognized me I would say in the way
and not only recognized me they knew I
was playing around but here's some clips
that we got today which obviously I'm
not gonna use on my main channel never
what happens that's what I'm dirty water
coming out of my shower huh expensive
poop oh yeah it's Beverly Hills
expensive poopoo guys out of here
I don't think we're done there yeah yep
are we doing what we're supposed to do
or no what's up yeah it's my own little
construction right we're just we're the
same you were the same dumb VCI oh you
guys are different huh well what do you
guys need help there they said they're
good there so I came here to help oh
that's them okay I'm with the wrong one
but you guys need help
what up step here you need help or no
they sent me from over there they said
you guys need some help huh well gay
porn star on the side but this is like
my main job
well you want to be in the movies
how let me see let me see let me see
this huh alright let me measure it let
me measure it for good
vigor why you seeing it you seen his
dick you guys have lunch already seven
hundred dollars an hour but we can make
a construction scene to construction
seeing them
really why he's interested huh good if
you're interested just take it he's like
fuck this year right you fuck who isn't
you in charge of the Charter hi guys so
yeah that was it nothing crazy and
there's not maybe that jokes not many of
anything you know special I would say
but I'm not done with a prank yet I know
the prank is gonna be really good I'm
gonna go out and film and actually was
supposed to do the casting with the
girls today and we didn't do it they
moved it till tomorrow so in tomorrow's
vlog it's gonna be out to meet my
account and I have to go there and
actually next week I might be flying to
New York there's a movie premiere they
want me to go to the red carpet too but
the movie is like 50/50 I don't know if
I'm gonna go or not
for the premiere so but I'm super
excited Tuesday we're gonna be filming
the intro for the movie I'm super
excited it's gonna be great I think the
movies gonna be coming out this year you
guys all asking when is natural born
pranksters coming out natural born
pranksters guys I can't wait neither I
think it's coming out this year the hype
was real everybody who's recognizing me
on the streets they asked me when is the
movie coming out Dubai Malaysia Croatia
everywhere like it's awesome how much
how many people know that this movie is
coming out this is awesome so I can't
wait to see you guys reactions with the
actual movie comes out but as of right
now I'm headed to the gym because I've
been actually hitting the gym every
single day for the past week while I'm
proud of myself and my program I
starting couple weeks the program that I
was talking about like the Beachbody and
all that so yeah that's the update
alright guys so got home and I've been
watching half-baked I have never seen it
and yeah it's a pothead movie but do i
smoke anymore actually no I used to
smoke and I just quit completely quit
it's because the reasons why I quit
smoking is because I used to smoke
before used to go to sleep so before I
went to sleep I always had the munchies
I always cleared out my fridge and the
next day I will wake up grouchy and if I
smoked in the morning for a week then
bake my day my day wouldn't just be
productive if I would just be lazy all
day and stuff I don't know it's not for
me I smoked for years and for a couple
of years and I was like nah I stopped
smoking now I can't wake up easily I can
you know go to the gym be productive and
all that but before I would just eat
chocolate cake all day every day as you
can see I still have a C I'll be honest
with you guys I don't know if you can
tell I have two bonds there and yeah I
don't use them anymore so but I'm
watching how baked is because I actually
have an addition next week and I'm
studying a character that yeah I have to
play so not like not exactly what's in
the movie but similar so anyways guys
yes I don't smoke weed anymore
I used to and don't recommend to people
I don't know in California it's legal
everybody has there's medical cards and
stuff if you don't have no I have a
dispensary next to the door I can just
go down in my boxers and get some meat
if I wanted to but not it really it
really does put me to sleep very well
sometimes when I couldn't sleep but I
have nightmares you place smoke I would
just sleep like a baby so that's why I
did it
quit smoking about like three months ago
I would say maybe smoke between that
like one or two times before I went to
bed once again so yeah I don't know so I
don't smoke and if I do again smoke I'll
tell you guys because I want to be
honest with you and I don't see nothing
wrong with it is because I don't see
nothing wrong with it because I live in
California and everybody smokes anywhere
you go if you're in Venice Beach you
smell it everywhere you in Santa Monica
you some
every word everywhere you go in LA you
can smell meat so well guys that was my
day so thank you for coming along again
thanks for watching this vlog thanks for
all the support you guys giving me and
yes I do read all the comments I really
appreciate all the positive comments and
keep going with these positive comments
because obviously negative negativity
doesn't bring you anything
good in life being negative if you're
being positive then I don't know just
reflects on you but whatever haters are
gonna hate
anyways thank you to all my true
villains thank you for watching don't
forget to come back tomorrow for an epic
they are gonna be casting hot bikini
models for the movie and it should be
great for the intro of the movie of
natural born pranksters next week is
gonna be fun might be going to New York
I'm have that audition we're shooting
the intro so yeah the whole team is
gonna be here so things about to get
better
yeah and I'm filming a new prank this
one didn't work out I'm actually filming
another one so that's me I gave up on
the last one print does leave me never
give up I'm just switching it because
it's the weekend
I don't can't yeah the workers are not
out right now so next week so I get
another one good one in the books
alright anyways don't forget to come
back tomorrow thank you so much for
watching don't forget to give it a big
thumbs up if you made it to the end and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
let's do diner we have 10 minutes to
discuss what it means to be a douche
