big
what up what up what up what up what up
what's up guys I'm heading to see Vitaly
and yeah we're headed to see Vitaly
right now yeah he invited me to his
morning with Vitaly so I'm gonna go see
Vitaly and it's gonna be pretty epic and
by the way guys if you're watching this
vlog that means my main channel prank is
up getting girls panties by the way for
the people who was wondering that he
fight donate in to cervical cancer I'm
gonna do later in the vlog today gonna
show you that I did I didn't donate so I
didn't donate yet but I'm gonna donate
after I see Vitaly so you guys don't see
I don't have to show it to you and prove
it to you that I did it because I do
fight back hard and I'm not gonna mess
with something oh I'm gonna do donate
for cancer never do it that just must
stop fucked up I should say so yeah I'm
donating and please give it a thumbs up
for the new prank go on the prank and
give it a big thumbs up and say you're a
true villain if you are thank you guys
so what happened you dude we're just
driving and this guy right and in the
middle of me and it was a cop bus
oh look they're carrying the guy out
holy shit fuck I can't this is like not
focusing all right Sabrina and I were
just driving and will literally see what
we see on the shows were caught
undercover cops buzz down people that
sell drugs
literally I'm driving it's an undercover
cop running across the street I'm like
what's going on and I look over and they
just tackle this guy out of his Escalade
and right now that that gas station I
don't know if you can tell sorry
fatality that I'm late to your mornings
of vitaliy but I had to miss that that
was something you see on the show big
huge guy that just grabbed him by the
neck pulled him out of the car whoa dude
America's Most Wanted right here I don't
know show them so what happened I guess
hello homey turn around that shit was
like a actually they are right there
okay yeah you see him yeah I think so
are they pulling that guy in is he in
the ground yeah I think so I'm on the
ground
yeah but address face in the ground oh
my god they've attacked
dude they even Hank up his feet this has
to be a huge criminal or on the loose
usually people when they get arrested
it's like you know slow like sitting on
the curb nothing they just literally
tying up his feet time tying up his arms
whoa I'm gonna look up on the news
article what happened I'm sure it's
gonna be damn this guy was probably on
the loose
that was crazy if I wasn't late right
now we'll pull over in that gas station
and film the whole thing but that was
the one big gnarliest things I've ever
seen
or they're actually talk too much I got
a hug too thank you I talked about
yesterday in the vlog I know I said I've
been vlogging today I'm like I'm going
to see the Tali
yeah oh yeah alright cuz he comes up to
me and he literally looks at me he goes
are you the famous youtuber and I hear
who's a famous that I was like yeah and
then he goes Vitaly the other call me
Jack Vale yeah but he was so sick like
solvani and I was like I'll just pretend
to be Vitaly I was respectful as nice
yeah you guys look like twins almost you
gotta put the cap on how long oh nice
hat whose is that you never got to be on
the line wait a minute I remember I
think I don't know what I think I saw
something that dress then we mean that
Johnny's yeah no I'm not sure it knows
we hide UK how'd you guys became friends
well I I held a casting for this show
and then I didn't go with anybody and
then like three months later I'm
watching the footage and I was like that
guy's Wow there it is three months later
because we were we were editing one of
the episodes
uh-huh and I cuz we never did and I was
like this guy's hilarious I called him
and he got it whether you look more
mature
what does that mean hold it just more
mature more full more man like what did
you talk this is the more mature you're
more composed right now what do you mean
it's good it's a good thing what is that
what you didn't hear us are in line I've
been saying you seemed okay yeah you
seemed composed that's good
and I like to watch yeah you're Russian
that's what other youtubers - more yeah
so I'm here with Lucy what's up guys
good morning morning what's up
so we're discussing some topics and
awesome setup you got here bro yeah you
guys should check it out when is this
airing by the way when is my episode
airing probably within the next two
weeks yeah look at this setup you got
look at these mics look at this I call
them what did I call him good morning
welcome to another edition of mornings
with pussy
I'm your host pussy and I'm accompanied
by my lovely co-host Dennis batteries Oh
today we show one of the biggest douche
bags of arahat
on this channel so far one of these
biggest youtubers everyone give it up
for what I said one of the biggest do
have we had on the channel so forth only
person
to compare you with is like Alex was
sobbing my boy Lorenzo yeah
come in to discuss it if you guys want
to check out the Tally's links and
everything you can check the links in
the description below right now if you
want to see ours are also in the
description we won't be subscribe and
come back next time for another edition
warnings with pussy and until next time
thanks Hey look at this hey we got a
poppy cue puppy here look at you hey hey
you can you know you can be you can be
that guy that was in Bruno where you
just spin around we brewed up I don't
know - Roberto and like I don't remember
this guy by anyways I want to thank you
surf and every the Holy's whole team for
having me
yeah thanks bro you know he's like get
the hell out of here I got my view you
said became a big inspiration because he
got so ripped look at him 224 pounds
what do you know
Vitaly literally would text me let me
know that I'm you know overweight now
I'm 186 86 yeah I'm a 200 so he loses oh
you don't even have a lot I went from
224 you only have 14 you think you think
I'm gonna be good in 3 months now
uniting everyone so we just shredded
how do they do that that's crazy
honey I'm gonna do more things with that
Oh a levia okay make sure the lighting
is bad so you didn't see my blue eyes
it's a picture that's all you want a
picture to put it under your bag I'm
gonna do more than that
you know your eyes don't even look blue
on camera they kind of they would
evilish yeah they look like beautiful
yeah I love the idea I love this that
should go viral yes like if you want me
to go on a date with Vitaly please you
forget fifty thumbs if we get fifty
thousand thumbs up we're going on a date
yes okay guys hurry up let's make this
happen so just got home after the
morning with Fuji and it's not that
morning anymore started an afternoon and
ended at night so we just got a home
crazy traffic on the way back and let's
talk about tomorrow
what's tomorrow so tomorrow we're
supposed to do casting for the movie
intro and my scenes supposed to be now I
don't know I'm not gonna it's not gonna
be that but we're casting some are a lot
of a lot of girls in bikinis for my
scene where I'm gonna be like in the hot
tub a whole bunch of girls because I
guess that's how they want to describe
me who I am and style for how to present
myself and know all these videos that
I'm a ladies man but I don't know if
that's what's gonna be but I think
tomorrow should be a very sexy vlog for
you guys
and yeah and then Dennis and Romans
gonna have their own parts I hope you
guys enjoy my new prank and for some of
the people that don't know if I really
don't hear or not I am donating I'm on
the site right now and I'm gonna donate
$400 cuz only got four panties for the
whole day so hundred dollars each $400
I'm gonna be donating to what's the call
again
the what was it - what is the NCC
National cervical cancer coalition
collision okay
so cool I'm about to donate hi guys so I
just donated four hundred dollars and to
be honest it feels really good because I
actually gave back I know it's probably
not a lot four hundred dollars for a
cancer research or maybe it is because
they only gave me options for 10 20 and
30 or like fifty dollars and says unless
you want a different amount so I typed
in 400 dollars so it feels really good
to give back you if you guys haven't
done anything good today
do something good I'm not asking you to
donate $400 or doesn't have to be about
money I don't know just help somebody
out if you see a homeless person or
anybody on the street just give them a
slice of pizza
I don't know right Brendan yeah do
something good today all right guys well
anyways so yeah I hope you guys enjoy my
prank and if you still didn't tums up
the prank please give it a thumbs up and
also give it a big thumbs up for this
vlog oh yeah by the way fifty thousand
likes on this vlog which I don't know
how shoot in doubt it I don't know how
strong you guys are but if you do give
me $50,000 $50,000 fifty thousand
I will actually go out on a date with
Dennis I don't he wants to see that for
sure right now oh yeah guys thank you so
much for watching this law hopefully
come back tomorrow because tomorrow's
gonna be a sexy vlog but hopefully
Christians still didn't get back to me
what a thing it is yeah it's gonna be
catching girls in bikinis
hi guys be good all right don't forget
to thumbs up love you that's it I just
got to my mom's and she's about to try
this
the Hoover board you have a good balance
you can do it put your your foot against
the wall
yeah yes you have to get on it come on
with Paul but but it's moving
