what's up villains what is going on guys
thanks for coming back today to watch
another vlog with me myself right now
and my big jug of water its water with
that free punch thing you put you put a
like a drop and it makes it taste like
fruit punch so yeah I've been drinking
all gallon of water a day I'm heading to
the gym right now I've been on my grind
I can say yeah I'm going to the gym so I
emailed as Beachbody that Lucy did and
they said they're getting back to me a
couple weeks they're gonna start in
another program so hopefully I'll be
able to join that program and I will be
do that insanity for 90 days everyday
workout so I'm super excited about that
but what happened today it's a late
start right now to the vlog it's almost
6:00 but I went to film a Russian hitman
in the morning and it was a failure
because there wasn't the beep types of
people that I was looking for burnout
again so I couldn't find an area so
Brendan and I get into a research
tonight where we can find those types of
people know it sounds weird but first of
okay we go to the hood okay we know
where the hood is you know but I was
just looking for moms with kids I could
say and a lot of them yeah it sounds
weird but yeah Russia Headlands coming I
softer at the gym I'm gonna go to I'm
gonna go see my mom she wants to try
this uber hoverboards whatever you call
him she wants to try them so yeah I'm
gonna block my mom and if she busts her
ass on my edit I hope she doesn't but
yeah let's start today just got the gym
I did some shoulders and skip the leg
day again but anyways I got some bad
news not really bad news but pretty bad
if it happened why did I buy this case
look at this look at this
and the frustration is that you're gonna
have to make an appointment at the Apple
Store and if you make an appointment
Apple Store it's probably two or three
days from now and I'm gonna be walking
around with this phone great just great
scratching my fingers left to right yeah
and if I go to this one of those Asian
places that changes the screens it's
gonna cost me it's gonna be cheaper
but if something happens to the screen
again and you just wanted to go to Apple
Store you've had with Apple Care I think
I have an apple Karen just you have an
Apple care they won't change it for you
so let's say if you had an Apple Care
right now if I have an Apple Care I'll
go to the Asian place change it and then
it breaks again and I go to the Apple
store they're gonna be like nope we're
not touching this phone because it was
touched by a third party so yeah it
sucks anyway it's gonna go home see my
mom eat something healthy and yeah let's
write those things again just get to my
mom's and she's about to try this
the Hoover board all right let me turn
it on here you have a good balance you
can do a picture for your foot against
the wall yeah yes you have to get on it
because you have to get on it fast
because you putting pressure on your
right foot more why come back relax stop
that's it it's easy to keep balance
see you got it you're gonna fall stop
where you go is this real life right now
is this street life okay for the first
time look at her she's gonna look at
this so anyway just good - my mom's are
supposed to be see a movie but I got hit
late so I guess she's gonna practice all
night driving this thing look at the
dogs are barking I'm glad you're having
fun so you get
nice job would you think yes
hey what's up sup Attila hey doggies oh
so my mom is going out of town for the
weekend and I have to watch this dogs
great for the whole weekend
Friday Saturday and Sunday nice hey is
this well by the way I guys never think
to you a lot for the orders
whoever missed out missed out that 50%
offered so buy the shirts I still a
little bit left I guys just got home
from my mom's house and it's always nice
to see my mom of course but you know you
can only hang so much alright I'm just
laying low but anyways check out this
box I got check out this shirt check out
this it's the Construction Set check it
out I got all these and I cannot wait I
got the gloves I cannot wait to do my
new pram
they've got three prints in the works
and I saw a comment that says Vitaly
always from these frames but only
uploads twice a month well I'm trying to
change that I'm gonna be trying to
upload not try it I will be uploading a
police video once a weekend now I say
this but it's hard there's so many
pranksters out there right now on
YouTube there's yeah and it just I'm
also trying to stay original so I always
before I do a prank are always typing on
YouTube the name of the prank which I
would name it or something close to it
just so I can see if it's been done
before cuz I don't want to copy it but
yeah so I'm pretty excited to film this
pranks and they're all three original
new pranks like always always trying to
bring their originality not like some
youtubers so yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog and I really really
appreciate your support you probably get
you just saying that no I really true
appreciate your support and yeah I got a
lot of stuff to do next week we're
shooting in the intros already set for
the movie I'm super excited about that
and I just need to get out of my house
more like filming pranks and if I don't
film pranks it's it a lot on the
computer so I gotta stop stop
it just always refreshing Facebook
Instagram and all that just blocking my
brain dust I just gotta get out of it
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching this vlog and yeah I love you
guys
don't forget to thumbs up let's do diner
