what's up villains another day you guys
are probably gonna kill me for not
uploading vlogs in three days but it's
another day with Brendan and we've been
super I don't say super busy or not but
it was a rough weekend not because of
partying or anything but it was just
like hard to explain we're just working
I've been doing a lot of editing it was
nothing exciting surgeons did he want a
vlog but anyways we're at ralphs about
to buy some healthy groceries and let's
do this hey we healthy boy look at this
dude we're ready to do some way both of
us yeah look at this nice hi my villains
just got out to gym and Brendan and I
are going to the Grove we brought our
little liverworts things and we are
going to watch a mission impossible I
haven't seen it yet so we haven't seen
it yet so we're gonna see how it is so
we've been editing this video for a
couple days now and it should be really
good we're going to film tomorrow then
actually works in a few see invited me
tomorrow to go morning with feces so I
think I'm gonna do that if I'm if I
finish something when you prank what
you're supposed to film tomorrow Russian
hitman and I've been saying this but
Russia Hitman's coming in hard yep so
and after that what else what's new Oh
next week I didn't tell you Brenna guess
what we do next week we should be
finishing our movie with the me oh yeah
we're finishing the intro we're filming
the Indian
movie I don't know in California in LA
but its enemy nothing downtown I think
it should be a pic I don't know if I'm
allowed to say it or not what I am
saying it so I'm excited so yeah this is
gonna be good you're you get I think
you're gonna meet no I think it's gonna
get different crew I know you missed the
film crew all i do man I miss june i
miss drew the hole bro my baby caca
rouge the cockroaches new prize yeah the
whole squad but yeah i'm super excited
from the movie everyone's coming out all
the natural born pranksters but yeah
guys as I was saying I've been hitting
the gym every day I'm sorry to skip the
two vlogs I'm uh I'm just gonna go I'm
filming filming filming got a lot a lot
in a prank pink I got a lot so and I'm
gonna show it to you guys and also as I
said that diamond black came out the
diamond placket came out or coming out
i'm not sure but i'm only 1.5 million
subscribers away from getting it and I'm
gonna go for it I'm going for it I got
so I got Brendan here filming every
other day what up what up what up what
up hows it filming with me
I want to say no comment but it's
amazing i love it every day every every
minute oh la botella yeah so i told you
guys already how it's so hard to be
filming these videos because i take more
pictures and videos which I don't mind I
love it we're just getting harder and
harder and harder and I also got this
movie addition this week that I was
super excited for so yeah whoo just
parked up at the Grove and check out
this little Porsche we gotta hear what
year is this if you guys know answer it
look at this speech sick nice look at
the interior sexy boy huh what Vitaly
yeah we tally yeah I know I know were
you gonna say uh-huh what because I've
logged my number I don't the viewers
will know my numbers yeah I got you on
the vlog you want to be in the blog oh
you Mitali to be i tal y but that hair
is on fleek why oh my girlfriend's cut
it is it's wrong mitali bi dao why your
girls picking me up lumby shower dumpy
don't be covering your face with star
boxing you're not a white girl to cover
your face with Starbucks come on what
just happened Brendan you ate shit from
you why'd you follow you should have
just jumped off of it no now we're
definitely
they loved it they're going to fear dr
said i don't have a license for you I
just I just kind of running really bad
and you fell damn imagine if you can get
security cameras could do that would be
so funny so that girl was actually
picking me up because she's like how
much are those things like 800 I'm like
nah they're not a 100-day free forget
him for me she's like really you selling
most like I made my look I have like 300
yeah from a friend yeah Brandon yeah
they have so many of the nickel Hoover
boards the offer would cover who grew
were favorite boards hoverboard winter
car so she asked me she asked me how
many do I have at home and I said I'd
like probably 30 chest me if I tell him
i said not and sell them i kind of like
get it for free because of shout outs
but obviously you guys know have any at
home so yeah she can't get the board but
she can get something else she's
probably watching this but she was a
cute caramel I did are you gonna eat it
again come on no why we can't ride him
why
oh it's like a private property ah I
what are we going to bring him back to
the car they're heavy so we're gonna go
to the garage and then we come back
haha did you hear what you just say this
but look at I got chicken arms again
dude we'll ride him back oh damn in
battle that lasted long alright guys
have a point to make this is why I hate
eating salads I mean I like it but look
I just ate a nice meal an hour later I'm
hungry again I can't stand it so right
now I just said let's go eat but we can
I cannot go eat I'm like I'm gonna get
some popcorn man somebody told me and
something a lot of people actually told
me that popcorn is that healthy snack no
it's not I don't think it is popcorn
health you know you guys gonna say from
this will boil or without it without
bottom with butter no you know what
without butter it's still unhealthy so
yeah but dude I'm starving again but
like you said you're right I got to get
my results in so I'm gonna stop it I
gotta stop honestly guys the movie was
really good no it was great what you
think not I like the move it's pretty
good it's kind of hard to understand but
not really what you think I couldn't
quite pick it up cuz i don't know it's
really technical and everything but I so
much Thunder said so much going on hot
together away from you like it sir but
let's show the sneak preview of the
movie
I was hungry I hope you guys enjoyed the
trailer for the movie so yeah it's
pretty good anyways we just got back
home and it's a Midnight Sun bed nets
look around too I'm gonna finish reading
this book that I started right here and
study my script get ready and then
tomorrow morning we're waking up to go
running and then after running gym and
after the gym we gotta film the new
prank so change right this long and once
again I'm sorry for not blogging the
past two days if you guys want to see me
just chillin home in my couch and just
talking to the camera let me know in the
comments if you just guys want to see
that that's fine I'll do it for you I'll
make something to talk about it but
another case I love you and I'm truly
thankful for all the support you guys
give us I'm really am and yeah it's just
crazy that people watch me talking for
10 minutes or how long how long whatever
this log is talking to the camera so
thank you so much guys you guys are my
friends that's how I treat you so if you
come up to me in public you guys are my
friends and yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow the Sudan yeah don't forget to
thumbs up okay listen I deal a hotel are
you moody what just ask me if you can
spread the teller in my buddy in the
tails renzo spin the tip hey how's def
