what up what up what up what up villains
yo Christian hey hey what's up dude yep
do Manny's beach doing another prank I
don't know it's kind of an exotic prank
like I was telling you I'm gonna shoot
it today so we are here it's beautiful
out it's something about California
notice that it's super super foggy and
gloomy in the morning and when like
closer to afternoon the Sun comes out
and it's gorgeous
it still gloomy but it's going to be in
an hour about one Sun without clouds so
we are here waiting for some hot girls
to pass by and get some sexy reactions 4
hours later was to here in Venice Beach
filming what do you think couple panties
lots of rejections couple paintings all
I didn't tell you guys what I'm doing
huh a lot of rejections yeah I'm just
like I just want to see the girls
panties but it's like how hard is it I
don't know what did you think so far
we'd be dropping panties all day oh
really we have been dropping paintings
all day I don't know there's not a lot
of that girl I feel like Venice Beach no
offense to anybody that goes your buzz
like ratchet it's really rich why do you
bring your kids right here so would you
just punch you yeah
yo let's call the cops what's up dude
hey what's up sure okay yeah yeah what's
up guys so we're about to go fuck ass
look at their setup they got over there
we're gonna be on fire talk live fire
complex trending I'm about to make it
sweet and you can watch me live but if
you're watching this it's very late as a
podcast link will be in the description
box
oh that's what she wanted me make sure
you story about a James Woods is doing a
guide on Twitter for saying he's a
cocaine addict James Woods and I turn
but you're better luck as you got it
yeah
how many pickup videos have you done so
far like at this point are you an expert
at the house no it's nice for people
like me wanted to pick up girls but
that's how I started so like our
community why today okay we know you
girls can you fuck you may be praying
they want to see a friend but I want you
to pick a girl but it's like my thing is
I want to pick up girls around the world
on their homes because Malaysian girls
will show them to get Russian girls and
right now it's a creation I think you
appreciate girls but not a read it not
have to go back to creation of a video
Hospital operation because I want to
tell the whole world they can say title
it everything have to pick up Nigerian
girls I feel like we should get in touch
with Travel Channel right now do you
ever worry that like your young male
audiences might see that and think that
that's real life and how they
bullying well that's been happening yeah
so how did that so I'm basically
changing PETA some inspiring kids that's
a good point aspiring kids to talk with
this and realize that I can't because
they think it's media like exactly well
should I feel proud of that yeah do you
feel things responsibility because
they're eight like that could think I'm
not changing the world here how guys
talk to woman there's worse
so shears trying to do like it's gonna
say what's up with her what did you call
her and I say she rose I called her she
rose course AZ we've been here for like
what she wants to make a vine with me
and if she doesn't know what she wants
to be well cuz I had the whole idea of
switch flipping these scripts like doing
like what it let's be honest the whole
thing was me acting like the vitally
vitally picks up chicks but me doing it
to him and making him feel very
uncomfortable or just having a big do
you want to play rock-paper-scissors
alright so how to pick up Vitaly don't
your it's hard it's hard to be creative
when I feel the pressures of my
environment he's getting annoyed with me
take no seriously take those you don't
know the goat sure the goat shut dude I
dare you
all right go what about know what can I
do this patella saying like do you
little are you moody what just ask me if
you can spread Nutella on my booty in
the tales read the spin the tip hey hot
stuff
nice try to tell on your hot dog work
alright guys I got back from the gym and
I passed out and I'm not doing anything
for the rest of the night so I'm gonna
call it a night and yeah I want to thank
you for watching this vlog and I can't
wait to see till you guys see my new
prankster Brandon I've been filming and
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow as
always thank you so much for watching
don't forget it comes up what's a diner
let me see the different oh my god come
to my bedroom oh wait I thought I was
talking to her Oh
