what's up fellas welcome to another plug
your mom is the only reason I'm plugging
here because it's no goddamn way that's
what I was talking about why we're here
with my ride we got caught in the back I
don't know what we're gonna do something
crazy let's go bro are you taking us
kidnapping yeah yeah looks like it I
just I was I was I was at your house but
I definitely don't remember being here
why is it gonna sizzle job everybody
there's going to do the mckameys crap
yeah I don't seem that with muhammad's
monsters about it's not cancer oh and it
died on Friday night not okay Morgan hey
I don't know are you rubbing your Furby
a bunch of places are like over there I
can in an ocean of I know exact I always
bring girls are perfect places I really
we should go get some girl supply but
all 400 that's wings fun
where was it girl what are we doing in a
second I guess I don't know you wanted
to make money other than I know India
the only place I know without knowing oh
yeah yeah all right guys as I told you
about this camera in Dubai and they
don't have those little pieces for the
camera for the wind so right now we just
stopped taking another and romantic
yeah I don't know Ryan's all
neighborhood
you just shown us around tomorrow
probably gonna take the boat go see some
turtles you let them make other so I did
not even fight me so hot what else what
else should we see today what else is
which is a good thing something crazy I
don't know we'll figure it out
yo so whose house is this boys Beyonce
and jay-z Beyonce and jay-z have the
houses and mics fucking jay-z some have
a bigger house is this it's like a pop
JK lol whoa which one of those oh you
can put that around here
yeah hey thanks for inviting etiology
altitude well just kind of beauty here
feeling oh no wait
oh my god it doesn't matter
so we just got to the main Atlantis and
then we're going to check out some
little fishes some aquarium look at a
damn boy y'all come here
world star world
yes we got some awesome food by his
name's Kevin - Kevin right oh Ken Ron
looks amazing wow thank you so much both
this looks great this is me practice
keep practicing playing poker with my
vitamins and I bought into by are you
got take care of your boss thank you
very much oh this looks delicious thank
you thank you Wow a ride day two poker
star championship who's going to do the
champ in here you think I'm gonna win
bro no yeah it's on like I'm on yeah I
owe you the cage you can get the show
big show giggle one second sorry and
what do you give you play poker yeah
to lose their know what I'm a pro you're
a pro yes what's your name T chipping
what's your name Jake Jake Jake Jake and
you like I'll meet you teaching at the
player yeah Cody all right well I don't
usually play balloon there's everything
before you're asking a metro and I'm
actually not as well so the way we were
brought you gonna teach me some Muslims
good I so I'm here right now with Jake
Odie
he cleans he's a pro I mean he is a pro
but he thinks he's a pro he never played
an Italian actually you can play bro
he's actually going to teach me he's
actually going to teach me he wants me
to be a pro he's like no Sally you need
some lesson I'm like all right I'm not
gonna deny from a pro so here we are I'm
gonna play against Tony twenties gonna
be listening with headphones we got a
private table here blank chips I'm going
to play you think you can teach me good
we got it you guys you got some secrets
for me
I got a few little tips I'm going to
show you just the basic stuff all right
cool I'm ready let's go Jake
whoo yep I'm just laughing back all
right so the amazing fucking smart let's
go
okay always my ulti one should sure what
do you what do you want to do it ain't
I'm not on it
well I'm repeating the program now ready
only to do I let me hold it all in baby
what's up baby
that's what I stopped all brothers oh
you got him but we block him
oh we just filmed this hem is gorgeous
so that's what I just did was blah right
basically basic like scared him because
no one all that so you didn't want to go
play that I had better cards but how do
what could have been better cards in
those then I got it if you had a shower
I said apparel off a pair of yeah former
Fox dealer oh we were supposed to check
we got the prequel yeah yeah you make me
nervous children but you know what I
mean all fun
what are you over to do mr. professional
artifact but that were difficult or
effective just chill okay nice
that's why stuff again show up is
approached you never got it
well it makes you want to go back down
the place close fucking present I mean
you just got like put in there son
there's actually follow like good no you
got to presenta then we teach it what
they were teaching the viewers at the
same time so there's a good Leslie to
see wait one row this is bad and you
know learning wanna go back to my makeup
line and do what I do is eat you lose my
house folks the other thing you got very
excited I see one of that other place I
have to kind of watch him so this is
Rick allowed looks like sugar
hi how are the cars good and make sure
to check out Jay Cody the link in the
description below
you want some poker
one I should've tried to play this from
my hand without your help okay I want
you to and let me know let me know you
think it's I okay okay I suppose on you
you can eat the call raise or fold both
arrays I'm gonna do this on my own
that's a happy yes yeah that's what I
was doing yesterday okay huh
all then I get I want to match you
should you go there you go up in you
yeah I'm gonna do all the gotta tip then
I turn 180 well you know make make sure
it's Colton baseball shoes flip it now
just flip one is that one of you said
one slip one just once just one five
yeah you need an you need an eight come
on
I'll Drive you're Jack you need or he
win yeah thank you so push going out to
look pretty daddy that's the best we
know
I am one
Villas I'm finally home after not being
home for two months almost two months
I'm finally home and I just want to say
thank you so much from the bottom of my
heart for all the people that hosted me
Dubai India Bahamas thank you to
PokerStars for showing me such an
awesome time and putting me in this
poker tournament it was amazing I busted
but there's always the next time you
guys do all these events around the
world thank you - Jake the poker master
for teaching these simple tips about
poker and just thank you to all my
villains now I'm back home I gotta catch
up on life 2017 is getting a big year
for us they started already great I'm
coming back duty convicted the letter
says I'm getting evicted
but I'm going to go to the office and
talk to them I couldn't login I forgot
my password and I just didn't call I was
just which is busy across the world all
right I'm gonna go pay my rent catch up
a life thank you to all the villains
please give this lug a big thumbs up and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
that's your diner I love you
