what up villains what up what up what up
what up guys how you doing another David
Brennan is that Toby nice g7x I heard I
was just saying air what's up to them
when they're rigid I paste all the way
that way and paste all the way back whoa
he's following working out are you just
always like that I just went to the gym
today morning yeah did he go to the gym
well I mean I I jog really you're
looking good on the phone exactly what
about the yeah you should be sorry
he's you know he's rushing I'm trying to
get man I'm just trying to help him out
in America I did see one of the odds you
walked into the geobox
with Brendan and then you run into Toby
Turner Wow what a small world anyways we
are here at the Beverly Center post
office because this guy should get his
present from somebody and wouldn't know
if it's here or not I checked it
yesterday and wasn't here and it said it
should be here so let's see just got
sick collective and look at this it's
kind of empty kind of empty but who
cares about fruits look at this oh my
gosh two brand-new ones two brand-new
I'm taking it I'm taking that damn dude
I wish I wasn't gonna die ah so I came
here to eat some cereal
what's up Christian so I just stopped by
collective the gaming and you script for
a movie what'd you think about the
script can't tell you what it is again
but I can only do it and hopefully wish
me luck in addition I just gonna keep
trying these additions that's how you
have to do it I can't give up you just
gotta go and do it
you failed it's gonna be another one
gonna fail it's gonna be another one but
you're just gonna think that you get a
good I'm gonna get an acting coach and
actually nail this one I'm gonna do it
yeah
you see this yeah don't make me do it so
be careful that's what I thought yep
keep walking keep walking Baba just got
to Hollywood Boulevard with these dudes
once again you to get really a Beverly
Hills scooter gang right so we got to
Hollywood Boulevard and there's so many
people here and it's gonna be a lot of
attention again and we're just gonna
write these things people are looking at
us crazy but I don't know what do you
want me people are looking this is funny
so yeah guys atmosphere let's ride
around all of a Boulevard and have a
little fun I check this out guys we just
park a Hollywood Boulevard and look
every car has a ticket because the
machine's not working and just somebody
up my name uh-uh look every car has a
ticket ready
our car has a ticket ha ha
his car doesn't have a ticket just with
this Park I'm the master part but look
at this yeah yeah what's up what's up
what's up well I got to show the ticket
all right there's a ticket all right now
what's up New Zealand I'm Madeleine he's
young all right let's meet you how are
you just chillin doing three cars in the
row have tickets that's crazy you would
have been the fourth one good catch good
catch I'm kind of tired so I would have
just left the car and kept riding it I
would be that guy to get it together
you're riding and we just keep
practicing we're good is awesome oh this
guy gave me some tacos check-check mess
it up I failed
yeah
what's up brah yo what's the show we
gangbang Oh
let me see let me see a trick yeah
that's my girlfriend so he can take room
that's my side chick yeah she cool is
she cool
she likes the she's a snicker licker to
you gotta yell my name when you fall
that's cute show me your head show me
that this guy's crazy this guy tell me
if I should know hey hot let me know
guys in the comments to push into a
video with him check out this crazy guy
all right yeah look at this yeah more
and more and more
look show me a chip for sure this guy
deserves video yeah cool dude I love
your tricks Thanks let me see the game
oh my god come to my bedroom oh wait I
thought I was talking to her Madison is
my sister / Road and slash sometimes
your advices / she's naughty
oh that's right baby
what's up guys hey twins yeah look at
this we got awesome twins hey that's
cool
also guys
thank you
I'm fuckin always in style
hey check out this guy with his nice
little headphones right here what's up
guys excited
it's a confident I like it alright nice
nice nice
now lean forward I just lean forward now
you got it fast you got it chicken he
got a ticket yeah
damn dude yeah he has a wow just got
back to the crib tomorrow I think we're
doing something with this money yeah
right here ten grand cm2 ten grand and
we're all so what are we doing tomorrow
we're also filming a nice little 60
video with some girls hopefully it's
gonna work out it is gonna be for
charity so what's up right now what do
you think about these two pranks crazy
really I'm excited to film yeah yeah
we're gonna we're gonna trip to upload
more in this channel like daily pranks
that I'll put an upload on my main
channel so you guys sell more content
because we got it on film you know I'm
gonna try to do this 90 days there was
they won so far so good anyways guys
thank you so much for watching this vlog
don't forget to thumbs up hopefully
enjoyed it and what oh yeah that guy was
so sick the magic God with his head but
his stomach I need to do a video with
him right anyways love you
Hey ladies we came to pick you up in our
Lambos would you like to hop
oh you know I might see what the heels
really well you're on Rodeo Drive I'm
sure you were expecting a nice guy to
roll up
