hey what's up villains yo yo yo yo to
fixing your hair trying to look sexy so
we are uh we are we're headed
you guys gonna thing reverse world brats
and just like I don't know yesterday we
got those wheels things and I wheels
what they call a Camaro I will yeah air
board and now actually before this David
when I went to creation together
David offered me another one another
companies boards so one of his homies
Brandon's calling me to come meet him
right now and we're gonna go I look so
good I pick up some more but these ones
are Bluetooth while they're supposed to
be I don't know so if you're watching
this you're like probably god damn you
guys got those two for three for free
now you're gonna get these for free I
don't know if I'm gonna get these for
free or probably but by anyways maybe I
should do one giveaway with those I feel
like I don't know depends how many they
give me you know I wanted I definitely
want to for my house that's for sure
probably my friends if they come over
you know and stuff like that so we'll
see ah
we'll see what we're gonna do with them
but anyways and also have plans of not
traveling for another three months for
three months to focus on my
transformation because I'm trying to
work out and I keep giving up because I
always go there drinking and stuff I
wanna you know have three months where I
just focus on my body I don't know it's
gonna be tough but I kept saying this
since like last two years I'm gonna do
it I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it they
keep saying tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow
but tomorrow is gonna come to an end you
just got to do it right just do it so
we'll see but anyways let's go check out
those boards what's up dude so this is
David's friend so what are you hooking
me up here with new it so this one has a
Bluetooth yeah we got Bluetooth it's got
the remote to say anything
um maybe my tank to your roof the roof I
don't know but they do I lay the car
here and I don't know let me just write
it around here they kicked me off the
kick me off let's go do it out on the
sidewalk alright cool well what do I do
with my car though
lah-lah
so yeah check this out some awesome
villain sent me this my mom is like that
you wanted for your house I'm like yeah
let me have it from my house so when the
girls come in to like look at you you're
so cocky talking about yourself I didn't
write this somebody wrote this for me
and my mom has it and they look pretty
sexy thank you you look I'm gonna yeah
yeah my mom's gonna keep it I appreciate
it a lot yeah but I can't have at my
house even though I would love to
it's like home but I'm gonna look at
myself be like I don't need to upload
prints anymore I'm the king of them you
know what I mean so so that but yeah I
just got to my mom's house uh where
actually I actually got new shipments
came in as you can see those boxes I'm
not gonna tell you what they are I'm not
gonna tell you what they are but uh I
don't know my mom's crazy and I think
we're crazy but we have a 50% sale off
the whole store and it's only going to
last for days 50% sale of the whole
story 50% on half off half off shirts
than $20 it's now nine glasses were like
what $9.99 or $12.99
now they foreigner just half off half
off of everything the code is I will
tell you in three two one and ready for
the code all right so my mom and I just
made up a word and guess what it is
it is villains its villains with an S at
the end so it's actually five days five
days guys good luck 50% off villains
guys they know I am pass okay so anyways
I'm just not releasing my new merch
until I get it sold out of this it's
been a while come on get some your
Natalia sure to get it for your friends
whatever I'm not gonna push it too much
you wonder you're not five days 50% off
all right guys good luck get yours
before it actually does sell out because
we have a little bit left all right guys
so much going for the gym I didn't go
instead I did this
I needed to vlog so look at this Jim
starts tomorrow for real though I got
all my supplements
alright ladies thank you for me sleep
he's been killing it yeah guys look who
got it Greg what up way onn ah like a
kebab 30 miles an hour
see this guy that's pretty sick Brenna's
over there behind Brandon come on so
today I went to get supplements thanks
to foo see he helped me out so yeah I'm
gonna try to do a 90 day challenge video
where I'm gonna be working out as
laughing don't don't doubt me bro don't
doubt yes when I call to eat that I'm
not going to I'm trying to get these
meal plans and yeah Greg came over with
his wheelie thing poor bored and we
about to go right over there drive get
some coffee my feet lot goals hi guys
guys look at this guy
squad goals check this out
yeah we got a green light let's go can
we make the grill
oh no this way this way this is where
we're supposed to go dude the way we
cross the road is pretty og look at this
oh alright so look at this he's
professional let's go just get on it
just get on they're not gonna die no
more go for Ross Lee just leave yeah
nominal boss chopper the dog Oh forgive
me I want it is absolute
oh hey order reachable we like bosses
right here that's the only words where
did you call it
whoo how to order Chipola the right way
beautiful rice chicken fajitas black
beans tomatoes hot sauce sour cream
machines
let's walk our connection we know in a
nice little song
oh I'm sorry no pictures plug it out
guys this is look at these boys whoo
these things are so fun squad goals fun
cool sign
Hey ladies we came to pick you up in our
Lambos would you like to open come on
how can I be shocked oh you know I might
see with the heels really well you're on
Rodeo Drive I'm sure you were expecting
a nice guy to roll up choose we got a
Bentley over there we got a Ferrari
Rolls Royce yeah I don't know it's a lot
of options all right
honey what'd you hit oh what'd you hit
what you hit your knee
can't tell you say karate daddy
got it no balance son I put you in my
blog again hey oh my god
why we're not going with you for girls
order eyes Beverly Hills scooter gang
you guys didn't hear about us what you
guys going party time party in my pants
ah oh my god
those girls look like they were ready to
get wild Gregg you agree wait that was a
mom no no they definitely wanted to
party and you guys went too fast I don't
know maybe I'm just assuming a lot of
things
wait ahead bego wait how do you get
kidding
right on the side no no no Joe Joe Joe
Joe
no I'm hot again yes
oh look at this they light up look hey
whoa look at the light
what did I tell me about the shoes again
these are designed these like walking
aware I lock it on the ocean like Jesus
Christ walking on the ocean the ocean in
geography the color of waters blue yes
so I'm like walking on the ocean oh look
it's blue and blue it is like walking in
the ocean yeah Wow ocean dance pum pum
pum pum pum pum pum pum you want to try
walk with the ocean day ocean walk I got
on there present
hey what's up check out this awesome fan
he just read and I thought I was getting
robbed look at him he looks like he was
going to rob me but yeah I dude thanks
he says to look everywhere for three
years yeah say it's it and I've been
sober for like 22 days now and I feel
awesome because I was actually looking
for these guys for like three blocks I
was about to give up you know
to talk too much today and I was just I
wasn't feeling with us okay you go wild
for it listen guy you want what oh yeah
at night he was just telling about how
you he went to a meeting let's wish him
luck bro whoo I do you're good you're
good looking guy you don't need a num
your insecurities all right come on feet
do the gangster tricks Thursday see my
god just got back from an epic trip
these things last pretty long I think
we're literally driving for about two
hours and these those are crazy but you
know what's more crazier this is this
$10,000 that I got right here for a
giveaway I don't know what I'm gonna do
with these like honestly guys but yeah
like see ice I got you so we're about to
do a new Russian hitman prank with this
in this camera and this camera tomorrow
so we got here of the money can't tell
you what the prank is it's gonna be a
pretty simple public prank you guys want
to just see me so I'm gonna give you
more of me but yeah and I also not show
you this alone it's gonna Dirk here I
got these supplements I'm ready I am
ready I am ready I got a set I just got
to do it just gonna do them actually
planning to visit I'm already planning
just got back from Croatia but South
Africa in January so yeah I gotta get a
little shape when I travel maybe I'm
gonna go again for a full full moon
party so I don't know we'll see but it's
a beach shirt my skis she's a cute so
then you show the Vitaly show remember
with all the girls that The Bachelor
should be coming out soon and the movie
everything is in the works oh I'm just
getting you guys a little up
eight but yeah Dennis left everybody
left I don't know I was gonna try to
shoot this a lot of pranks this month I
got some ideas I'm just gonna try to
bang them out and booty call Oh hehe so
yeah guys if you want those shirts they
are gonna be 50% off for the next five
days starting like as you watching right
now the code is villains the whole store
is 50% off not just sure it's the whole
merchandise I cannot wait to launch my
new merchandise but I'm just trying to
get a rid of my old one that's just how
I want to do it but yeah anyways guys
thank you for coming for this vlog with
us um just uh you all right guys as you
already know its next day I always fall
asleep can't finish the vlogs but uh
whatever I have to tell you guys thank
you so much for watching I'm gonna go
through the gym and start today's vlog
damn filming a Russian hitman so it's
gonna be a another big video well you
know your public prank you guys just
want to see me so I'm gonna do me but
anyways thanks for the all the love and
support and I'm just going to keep doing
these vlogs for you so don't forget to
come back tomorrow right don't forget to
thumbs up also this is IKEA
