what's up villains look at this I woke
up in the new Bugatti today that's right
huh huh I woke up in a new Bugatti now I
actually woke up next to a new Bugatti I
came here to buy the Bugatti and then I
realized I only have a dollar in my
pocket so I don't know but if I add five
six zeros I don't know the one do you on
it yeah I mean your birthday was
yesterday actually
dude it's a surprise guys I'm getting a
car yeah yes you can pick up all the
guys you want into the world with this
that's right okay well look at this I
rent this on this place a long time ago
you guys remember that picking up girls
in the Lamborghini without talking yeah
I got that Lambo from here but look at
check this one on huh dream cars man
dream cars I don't know I don't know how
to tell you guys about this but yeah I
got to work a little bit harder I guess
stop spending my money on alcohol and
girls I got to get these cars for sure
look at this black boy black boy sexy I
saw right now
excuse my weekend all right guys right
now we headed to lunch but that Bugatti
but what you think about the Bugatti can
I keep on coming to you by informing
about you three
all right cool that's tough but that's
crazy I've how Floyd Mayweather has
three Bugattis that's insane but yeah
anyways it's a life goal right there
you gotta keep thinking about it I don't
know some people are against the people
like I would never spend so much money
on this car but if you help 500 million
dollars you're gonna spend that much
money on that I mean I would spend that
much money in there Clark I don't know
why it's not I mean I don't know
suddenly maybe it's the shame I didn't
like that black now the black one was
sick but usually you know flashy colors
are better like a yellow or light but
anyways I stopped talking about it in a
couple years hopefully yeah he's gotta
be determined be determined just got to
lunch Olivia showed up dude who invited
you bro
I'm buddy myself let's ride what's up
Hey Hey look at this yeah and that's
been there all right look at this I've
got a salad and I got an onion soup for
some reason I don't know why I got that
oh yeah yeah that's really good so
anyways we're on that diet after it's
detox time dude I went to Croatia and I
want to have it kind of feel like I've
been drinking almost every day for three
weeks it's not normal sorry mom
so I'm trying to do three months without
traveling and three months without
drinking just like a perfect focus on
the but that includes the weekend all
right so I parked my car at over there I
don't know some over there and add spots
it from like what 50 feet away they have
a parking ticket yeah but you tell me
right now right now this nice little
Ferrari parks right here on red and
doesn't get it ticket oh yeah what oh it
is because yesterday I had a note
actually from a fan maybe it is no I
don't know the wait sticks out I don't
think it's a note the way it sticks out
it's definitely a definitely a ticket ah
how do you have to have a residential
pass that is right what's new la two
tickets not even one
- really no license plate probably in
the front that's one of the tickets and
then what it's do they just milking this
city just milking everybody but not that
for that not that Ferrari but that's
right what's pretty sick and there was
two middle-eastern guys they're probably
from Dubai but after I was sick damn it
so we just got to this place what is
this Cobra yeah but yeah I want some
dude look at these boys they're hustling
over here so ed brought me here and are
you guys cooking a stop or how much how
much we gotta fail man they given us 30
away this is sick look at this dude wow
thanks yeah
we got a bunch of airports over here so
I can see look at this
this one looks dope I don't even know
how to ride one yet I got a practice
it's gonna be fun yeah ten minutes
look at these look how slow he's going
the testing Louie's gonna look he got
Paul
well
take the hard money go backwards
just lien yeah
yeah which is pretty awesome so hi
Brandon come on
I look forward Brett look forward
come on that down hey you know what
helps me spread your feet spread your
feet he's on your hand let me see if I
can yo how do I do that
oh you got some chicks
why don't you look at heelflip
nice I don't know if you guys see my
blog fighting like Jackie Chan but I did
come here and practice for the muscle
glasses that's never been released so
yeah I practice right here to do my
stunts so look at this guy
I heard he sucks can you hit your head
on that so what do you guys just at you
guys everyday here doing this have a
growing
so dude we just got to the Grove and
look what's happening yeah this is so
much attention here everybody's coming
up for big sister oh I don't think it
drives vlogging this maybe I can pass or
at the Grove we're just chilling and
we're getting a lot of attention here I
don't think this is a good road for this
it's even
all right so what are we doing we're
gonna go and go eat some bling I don't
know about the movie you might have to
ride these around until the battery dies
it's kind of fun
yeah they don't do it so fast because
I'm gonna crash any and get hurt you
look some acted like you're good at it
you have to learn first you gotta look
look we got a villain say hi to the bog
yo say hi to the vlog oh yeah we got the
villains
yeah they skate hell yeah say what's up
to the vlog Instagram I don't know
periscope in
yeah you're in the vlog boy yeah all
right ready
I wanna go in the sand look at coming
through coming in hot coming in hot
coming in hot coming in hot
hello I'm coming in Lambo to pick you up
on the back so don't be shy come on you
want to ride it
I said this random girl came up to me
she all right well what if I want to
catch you though if you fall so why
don't you put you out take your phone
yeah make sure this one I don't know I
have to do skateboarding you know I was
just in Croatia
come on I just in Croatia so many
Swedish girls oh my god you're leaning
back you lean forward relax you're
moving toward just you're putting more
you're putting more pressure in your
right leg that's what you turn your I
relax and I'll go forward no here put
your feet spread them apart to the walls
here spread your legs
oops to the wall you gonna have to go
through the wall all right I don't wanna
send us to fail videos alright so we
just stopped at beer garden and she got
this Bosh got this and I couldn't resist
and trying to myself so I wonder if you
can get you eye on those things did what
do you good let's find out Cheers
that's good Wow I got some awesome fits
instead of yeah thank you
yeah what are you from did you five fun
we can try this now we can try this it's
not him that's his boss he's lifting it
he's like come on carry this thing he's
my boss Tom Mitchell industry look at
this guy because he's complaining that
it's too heavy
look at this we're riding it right here
and the security cut it straight there
he doesn't care why see annoying
why is he annoying I don't know why
can't you ride these there don't damage
nothing I wrote it like for half an hour
at my house and everything is fine
this is how you pick up ladies look
forget you guys like my ride and put you
guys up - I'm not breaking I'm trying to
pick you up with my new Lambo
Oh
oh yeah they look at the beat you can go
one way
look at that me we're gonna look at the
flag at Rs
hi guys yesterday was an epic vlog it's
currently the next day and we're about
to go film our new prank I'm not gonna
tell you what it is you're gonna find
out on the main channel but once again
thank you for watching these vlogs don't
forget to thumbs up and I've been really
really really appreciative on your daily
support thank you for watching these and
yeah it looks like you guys been
enjoying them so I'm gonna keep doing
them alright anyways I'll see you guys
tomorrow alright
