what's up what's up are you doing day
three of VidCon our last day you ready
hey ready what do we doing right now
yeah we're about to do Insignia were
sneaking oh my god oh my now we're about
to do an interview for people and us we
clear what about our movie so let's see
how this magazine
Danis come on Sean
cook
ways that going straight into the
computer
yeah oh what's that sure to purchase
dish of love shot oh look blush oughtta
look at that nice I want to know each
other we're on intimacy
his so tall his knee LaMacchia
he yell at amigos that's summer laughs
my life than you are a new kicker oh
yeah Nikki and the puncher don't want to
be Russian I want to be Russian
I wish I had fans they were screaming
for me like just coming calmly to me and
say I'm gonna take a picture with you
man nobody wants to freak out I mean
nobody wants a car there's one road
thank you
they must watch it that video what's
wrong hey don't be shy yes what's up
dude how are you
yes but first we'll take a picture they
joined VidCon drop
I think we should eat son they can't
even see
so what's up guys
so alright so day three we're walking
back to the Marriott where we stay and
we're gonna have a couple drown like an
ad for new drinks but these boards are
and I don't know how to enjoy the
console is exhausting crazy party last
night I'm sorry yesterday's vlog is a
little bit boring I'm gonna try to make
it up by in today's vlog vlog in as much
as I could maybe I'll give you 20
minutes on my blog by its really good to
see come here and see all the fellow
youtubers like the Alex Mandel hello I
came to see a lot of people your
favorite YouTube experience
is that what your butt looks like right
now hold her face
a little bit gender it is his birthday
tomorrow so early birthday cake boy got
a little bit right there oh why don't
you go take a swim I'll give you $1,000
if you jump naked and I'll be yeah I
mean uh what is it again do it right now
thousand dollars no no but no no but
I'll be yes do that
we got Kong here in my garage what's up
guys so we're headed to the maker's
party right now with the whole crew
simple pickup crew say what's up yeah oh
that was a great energy i but anyways
we're gonna go to makers party and
hopefully we're gonna get in because
apparently dad capacity and I'm not on
the list
yeah we're gonna show them the line
didn't bet and see if we can cut that
line here but anyway so yeah hopefully
we'll get in and I'll do some vlogging
inside if the music is not too loud yeah
check out this line bro look at this
come here you already know where you
going huh we're going to do this way not
why are you sneaking in yeah niggers
gonna watch this out there after it goes
up and they're gonna see how it's like
there and this one
hi so you want to punch me in the face
what did I say you should punch him in
the face
the hospital
somebody has to get it so it's on fleek
nicer guys listen I haven't told that to
anybody
yes only my grandma knows and my mom
because my grandma might grab my notice
what do you guys think my gold chain is
I got robbed in Croatia
look at this shame same thing but maybe
a little bit less somebody came up to me
and ultra in the back and ripped it off
on the back from the vine I felt it you
know I got choked I felt it I turn
around there were so many people an old
truck hiding another person over there
then what do you think about this chest
see the real jewelry that guy yanked it
so hard but you know what it is is just
a class glad there's a clasp oh yeah
this is gold but it was smaller than
yours yours heavier but everything
happens for a reason because I told
myself if I saw that guy like if
somebody ripped out a chain off me and
turn around I would have beat that guy
to half of that I would have beat him so
hard he would have beat him to death
that's right half to death same shit
but who are you hi I'm Louise your daddy
ah that makes sense that's the fucking
kid you had in Vegas that time I went to
Skrillex kick her up fast tomorrow huh
Vegas little pranks high five
ha
should I go
look what's up I got my friends here
from Las Vegas Vegas
what about you Miami risky right so tell
me how do you survive in Las Vegas they
go to Houston they go to the strip don't
gamble every weekend we're pranking on
the strip what about party guys which
one Miami Heat oh that was last year
broad
just so you guys know the reason why I
started pranking is because on Miami's
I'll be frank
since then I've been addicted to the
dude ranch since their did you continue
watching thanks for that that thing made
me who I am to know
honest question whoever did that whoever
spread Nutella on the booty gross what
up bro amen
so tell me more about this so I'm the
Ruby Skye on YouTube okay sure can I
ever saw was different but steps remain
kind of the same Channel I've got a
solve of a 13 by 13 this is a three by
three so it's like this big takes me an
hour and forty-five night time lapses
like points so it's Brendan's birthday
and we got to wake him up the right way
for you it is 4 a.m. right now happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
see that wasn't that that wasn't that
special what's up baby wake up you look
so sexy when you sleep in my bed
alright guys Vidkun is over Brendan and
I are on the way back home and I feel
like I always had these logs to the next
day and first of all your birthday happy
birthday bro
happy birthday anyway something cool
just happened I don't know how cool cuz
I didn't read the note but I had a note
on my car find out in tomorrow's vlog
what happened
don't forget to thumbs up thank you guys
so much for watching I love you and
let's do diner hey let me be the DJ Bob
pop-up
yeah let's pray whoo that's a great
workout Duke as you guys didn't paddle
Bros
