what's up villains another dead VidCon
with Logan Paul Brandon we got the whole
crew marathon you got you you're alive
what's up guys all right I'm gonna test
this out
Viggo's pick up a girl
thank you for my performance now you
show me your tricks
what is this is this a bomb so it's a
it's a rover car with a movie that holds
cameras but we got we bring the iPhone
to it for periscope that's awesome he's
control job guys oh this is the second
movies that like movie quality this is
the fpv camera this is the cocktail if
you guys don't want to go we got to do
something new this look at it so as I'm
tilting it and moving it it's moving the
camera yeah technology these days you
ready for tonight I'm ready this hook me
up with some golden secrets well yeah
whitey body is gonna be better
collective party ordered this I think we
have to go to both to find out mr. oppa
lupus never drink my time
lazy morphe is the PR experience 2016
awarded for college gonna check it out
right now but what is it doing were you
inside a video game look at you guys
exclusive look in the Tally's vlogs I'm
showing you what's gonna happen in 2016
to control
ready to go
you
I'm definitely getting to like pistol in
and just shoot people it's like a good
video Christian what how did that cord
go with that girl
you still accuse the raped or what damn
bro I told you I've told you somewhere
condom next time life lesson time police
Oh
open the door no fucking way no way
that's that girl that was in my vlog
yesterday she's at the you know her dad
watches my videos yeah or maybe she lied
that wasn't your dad yeah what's up baby
so we don't know where we're gonna go
target you can't I was supposed to kill
Emma yo guys hi blows time I want to see
Jimmy I want to see Jimmy's Christian
question how is the limo let me be the
DJ Bob pop up
yeah that's ray whoo that's a great
workout Luke as you guys didn't puddle
Bros I'm kidding dude they're fucking I
actually have been joined this ride it's
the fresh weather I'm having a great
time and don't be an asshole right no
come come at me bro I'm faster than you
oh no I'm sorry no you can get you know
next day again party hard with this guy
guys look at this look at this guy Hey
hey Tommy his beautiful daughter here we
can lean Mike can see you have a great
time this vlog yesterday's vlog today
yeah tell them you love them tell them
don't forget to thumbs up thumbs up guys
love Italian laughs guys love you don't
forget to thumbs up I love you and I'll
see you tomorrow this dunyah
and tani tells me she has a text message
from her dad no way that's not a dad
you're playing what does it say it says
no drinking with Vitaly he's a
world-class drink goddess you know that
