hello my villains uh yeah I'm backing us
look who's here turn down done but loves
Dale miss you sexy boy one VidCon we're
going to VidCon today my mom is about to
pull out but we're about to eat some
sushi right before we go to VidCon cause
I'm not going to see her and right yes
I'm a fish and rice and I'm not going to
see her for another three days so she
has to see me for some kind of time I
should probably scare what are you gonna
do when she comes in
no like when she's like about you know
like I've had some fast all right
stop how are you are you okay it's
alright hey mama
hi mom Elena what's up you missed me
yesterday why because I told you to
relax
conveniently realize you asshole what I
am you are an asshole to me
hey yo just got to the VidCon what's up
Chris shut up Jesse what's up Brenda
it's the first time you didn't expect
this huh I didn't okay this is crazy
yeah what's nothing yet look at all
these people outside it's like a fan
central it's awesome so not this year
so now completely lost
I just was great so do you guys remember
this girl she was from best-selling DVD
all right stock you wanna be my anyways
so she said because I asked her after
that shoot what are you doing after she
thought I was creepy trying to have sex
I'm okay well let's see let's go up to
her mom and see what she's doing out for
this let's go for your mom I should is
the one you don't know my mom is wise so
that's your mom
you know anything either
I see your mom's boy shitty think
there's a thing
she's so bad she know what she told me
because the first time I met her she I
ask her what she's doing after the shoot
she's like trying to what are you doing
after the show
let's roll be hot let's roll let's roll
yeah let's go behind the scenes what I
don't read nothing final expect her to
know why anyways guys wouldn't be
careful
but tell me he's so silly Sally a song
but the belly is slipping on that white
shit all night shit I got a nice stick
I'm gonna hit it in your wife quick Oh
two times I don't need to write my
rhymes cuz I'm too quick like two dicks
no bitch that's a mo biggie shit I'm
liking that piggy shit look at my best
stomach I got a double chin then I
double sin that's the most weird shit I
ever heard in my life
Andy the Cree Andy without father fuckin
candy
this ice is digging around you can't be
shaky buzz PlayStation 3 GTL is
wonderful a shoe club we gonna work and
uber but no written no real give me
words you know where it was okay Smurf
yeah
Pop's and that's the word and the words
Andy I'm sippin on that brandy well I
don't give a damn cuz you know one with
my homies everybody knows me but I ain't
like Italian well everybody want to see
me all up in your alley what you don't
wanna fucking never - gotta learn
because you know I got the gun job
pending right here
another right here I don't get the damn
cuz you know that I am right here
don't Mira noxious I know I got the
stuff because I'm a note under lies no I
never Bluff when I'm hanging right here
and you know Fenimore I'm just remember
big ass TV you know we number one who's
ours who I should have stayed in college
Chile winning I take D and Andy go in a
Holly way and give them both hand goes
ole up our bars is crazy about the call
of carly rae jepsen maybe my pinkie what
the heck I don't give a fuck I got the
Illuminati I'm kind of a hottie I'm just
gonna make love to you who Roxanne
Milonakis I got no pockets oh wait wait
wait
so we're chilling here drinking and tani
tells me she has a text message from her
dad I'm like what is the name of her dad
though no way that's not a dad you're
playing my dad key I huh what does it
say I says no drinking with Vitaly he's
a world-class drink how does she know
that does he watch the vlog hey yo guys
look are you with what up what up what
up
great how are you what's up baby Maria
Maria my mom our mmm hasta la vista baby
we got here chef Epic Meal chef oh my
god we got some Bugatti karate whatever
it's too much tuna tartar on that Cocola
anyway so red box has not use your party
no we're fine what
fight for your fire yeah it's not just
on YouTube oh you do oh okay I gotta go
then one little sister
this is YouTube where are lots of camera
yeah sure oh that's not true you're all
good yeah what's going on right now well
we didn't actually make it at a party
you want to say we got kicked out but we
didn't actually give it
what's up guys I'm here at my meet and
greet and it's pretty crazy are you guys
ready
that's it
fuck VidCon I'm outta here Kong how is
your VidCon experience so far my VidCon
experience it was actually pretty bad
until you came up to me and else is like
also not such a good Mandel dude I'm so
happy to see you know how you doing man
Christian obviously know you know who
they are do you know how excited I am
that your VidCon I do want to just make
out and call it a good deal I'm so
excited you're here I mix it to both of
you but yo this cannot end of why it's
1:30 yeah no way this cannot this can't
end at 1:30
hi guys it's the next day thank you so
much for watching this vlog today I'm
going to try to get more graders like
miners and youtubers because I'm sure
you want to meet them all so yeah don't
forget to watch tomorrow's vlog thank
you guys so much for watching this one
don't forget to thumbs up I love you so
much
the seed on yeah hi guys I wanted to let
you know guys you never never knew that
but that's my sister
you're my sister no that's her that's
her that's my sister come here come here
sister
