what's up my valence last day last day
in splint
unfortunately so let me tell you a funny
story what happened last night so last
night I went to disc lob the same club
again we got a table we got champagne
all this and I met this girl weighing
about we brought her back to my hotel
and then in the morning she left with
taking these glasses and these glasses
in the world so that's being said that I
hunt her down and I finally found her in
the taxi
I got a taxi to come to her house so I
got my glasses back because he can tell
when she gave me a gift and said because
this is this is for you to remember me
and look what she gave and I needed
bathing suit too because I lost my
bathing suit she gave me a booty shorts
with hearts on it
that's awesome she's like I want you to
take a picture of it with those and
remember me look at this let me know
that guys if I should wear this if I get
if actually if I get 20,000 likes on
this vlog I'll wear these shorts to the
beach let me know alright there's gonna
be a big messy sea like I said it's our
last day Brennan's to do did you have
fun tell me a little more about the trip
um well that's all you know I was
Lester scared to go ziplining I jumped
off a cliff though I did that on site
during sailing for five days what do you
think about Croatia oh it was awesome
cool I'm never never the country that's
the first time so and my boy my boy so
rotten we get back to LA we're going to
VidCon so these vlogs is going to be
going and going and going
look at this your boy got a fish
branzino I haven't ate efficient so long
I'm about to do some work about to go
through those bones what did you get
amber blue cheese inside inside look at
that fancy huh so I'm about to meet up
with a girl we're about to go swimming
on the beach but I need to buy feelings
first I still be walking around here
with Brendan and this guy's came from
Norway half Hansel Norway my name is -
yeah what's your social security number
I don't remember
sure what do you live so yeah he wants
to use it so this so people that watch
from Norway they know what this year
they're from Norway Sweden maybe Denmark
- then what is it this is what is it
this is called snus and it's tobacco so
it's like dip for rednecks in America I
like some chick yeah let me get
something hillbilly soon as that knows
you've been something okay Natalia
you'll be elated
yeah all right oh it's a nice so it's
not even messy no no it's like a pop
it's called portion no you put it up oh
yeah you have it the whole time oh so
dizzy oh my god hi guys I wanted to let
you know guys you never never knew them
but that's my sister you're my sister no
that's her that's her that's my sister
come here come here sister come on
you're my sister you're my bro look at
her we were here first though are you
guys fighting over who is the same
restaurant oh so you want you're mad
yeah okay good cuz usually Miami they
get mad in Miami if you don't sit down
like see they're so nice here if you
don't want to eat they just let you go
directress you don't want to eat
I didn't know my sister became a hostess
in curse someone hurt the Quraish I
think she sailed away and I could do
when I was five years old she just went
up Brendon I bought the camera I'm sorry
yeah I think you know what though I
think that girl no she's she I think
she's your sister I can see in the eyes
you look a lot like I but I left her
though that's the problem
oh shit I didn't know that so she just
said I'm a lucky charm because there's
people eating because they just saw me
and where's where's my picture where's
my picture here's your picture right now
you can take really well my sisters are
the best you know what I get you into my
family no this is my official sister I
have the perfect thumbnail today so
we're sitting here right now and our
waiter says listen I've been a busboy
and today is my first day being a waiter
and he says the first Abel my god is you
and I'm so happy you still happy he was
I was crazy
our way this crazy it's his first day
today hanky says the first table I'm
serving is you how crazy is that's
awesome and things like this make me
happy it's the little things together
appreciate it's so awesome for me two
guys make you so happy and it's all
smiles so yeah I really appreciate each
and every one of you and especially when
you guys come here recognize me I love
it
but in Croatia I'll tell you something
he got out of patrol I literally got to
the point where I'm like good I couldn't
keep up I couldn't keep up I mean I love
I love it
check this out damn holy look at you boy
wicked cheer we're about to have a nice
Italian dinner and then I don't know
what we're doing we're leaving at 6
o'clock in the morning
I don't know whatever the beer takes us
this is the man himself what's up dude
so looks like we have a free dinner do a
free dinner tonight yes of course if you
guys in creation record right here get
right
come right here hey and say it's a
licentious a mad couch mad kovitch is
the best town maskavich is the best I'm
great in creation yeah everywhere it's
great thank you they all gonna get now
they all gonna start hey Tim you know
hey say you see what's now was love
uncut okay what does that mean
it's a straight in my town look at this
guy look at this guy
for my baby no more no more guide you
when I say guy to not repeat up to me
ready repeat ready hi hi I am I am gay
so since there was no vlog yesterday
we're gonna put some footage from
yesterday we filmed a little bit
yesterday but not not a poor full blog
so I'm sorry there was no vlog yesterday
so I'm gonna do a recap you guys ready
this is what we did yesterday party what
do we do I'm gonna tell you one thing
though my foot suck game is on fleek
look at this my foot hurts everybody
tells me to get stitches but I really
don't need stitches but I'm limping like
crazy how the hell I'm gonna go out
today I'm just kidding but yeah so the
blood the room is full of blood as you
can see and yesterday was an epic night
it was epic vlog I love yesterday's vlog
and I'm gonna try to just keep topping
them off but right now we're going to
the restaurant where we ate yesterday
we're gonna do that me did that make any
sense what I just said we're going to a
restaurant that we ate yesterday oh well
look at check out this video uh
yesterday
you bought this yesterday how much dog
I'll tell you me all right so yeah I
don't know I don't even know what I want
to eat but I want to eat must something
nice and fattening because this is gonna
be a lie first of all did they
technically and it's already 6:00 p.m. I
was just laying down and pain
my final foot feels better you know what
I noticed like if I started drinking
right now like if I got drunk I know I
won't feel the pain I'll just be jumping
around and stuff but I can't do that
the champagne glass literally went
through my foot it was crazy I said this
trip is almost over and I'm here with
the wolves doing what are we doing at
him wolf talk yeah you can see it on
their Channel escape of the wolves and
yeah my foot like I said my game suckers
on fleek it hurts we had to walk for I
don't know how long but I'm gonna miss
you guys I'm gonna miss you you're the
only one who can keep up
nah he he did great too but now we got
crazier he's just a quiet drunk I've
been working out and it's hard to keep
up with me look at this sunset was on
fleek - I'm you want to get back on the
boat that's my mom's name is boat
santolina over there I'm here with David
Adam and Cameron and guess what they
were crazy
and I had the most amazing time in
Croatia where did it go would split and
we see
Ultra week and absolutely insane party
every night
champagnes showers all that good stuff
the girls Croatia is really beautiful I
did not expect it in this beautiful so
it's definitely a place you have to
visit if you haven't been there I'm
definitely coming back and yeah and
that's right that's my mom's yacht right
there
Elena Saint Elena mom Wow
yeah my mom you're both I know it's your
bow tie a nice gate and I was game play
my mom's name I think you married my mom
in the past so look at this beautiful yo
Oh unfortunately we're back here again
but you weren't here yesterday here
enough yeah so I decided to come out of
here to blog for you guys my foot
finally got better so I'm out here right
now and I don't know look for some more
girls because yesterday was enough you
ready to have some drinks yeah mister
wouldn't drink anymore
all right come on what are you doing
really do not be not good what you draw
I'm gonna put you in a taxi zero with a
lot of friends
come on
all right so I found out that this
country is known obviously for wine wine
come here where you going
I was about to sneeze while driving
what happened I was about to see is this
ah let's go damn it's like it's like so
I found one thing that about creation or
two things that it's known for wine and
I have never seen so many olive oil
bottles like souvenirs is this country
makes olive oil or what it's like all
over olive oil is like their stuff
they're like I went to this restaurant
they took out like seven bottles of
olive oil and they're like try all of
them on my blood
looking at drinker olive oil so yeah
it's pretty cool and this is a little
Street we're walking on buying some
souvenirs about some souvenirs from my
mom bought a cup but some magnets and
yeah I wanted to build a whole world
with the magnets but remember guys when
I lost my back in Vietnam I lost all my
hope for that I had magnin from Vietnam
Thailand Cambodia and all those but then
my bag disappeared so I lost all of them
so now I'm starting all over with
Croatia have Croatia in Moscow so let's
see I want to build a whole world with
magnets and all my fridge Wow check out
these magnets look at this guy's this is
so awesome
hey this is so great what the hell is
this really is this what I really think
it is Wow there's so many little kids
look what they have them I'm definitely
getting one of those definitely I'll
have a nice little beat my meat sash
oh my fridge I always wanted to have a
hard boyfriend on my fridge so please
what is this we mix did you make this
you invented this you invented this do
you have one of those anymore no do you
have one at home can I buy you one I
should make a statue of me and so what
is this you really
small very much this is kaya Wow for top
dog you and you're reading what is that
spring glitch what huh let me see this
this is a Greek best relief from the
beginning of a third century the figure
of naked young man personalized cars
according to ancient Greeks
comprehension of God happy oh wow
well shit one second Wow
a Greek third century naked man that's
hot thank you thank you for giving your
boyfriend hey this is Frank by the way
if you guys come to the book you okay
yeah stay with this guy save Italian
shit yeah pointless enough thanks for
everything okay thank you my friend
all right guys next day croon day with
the airport with Brendan and
unfortunately that's it no more crazy
for me I'm a very very sad very sad
Brendan I'm sad but I wanna I'm like to
go to VidCon
how you want to go to VidCon is newbies
first time I think up but I really thank
you for a ship for everything and
thinking for hospitality thank you Joe
if you're watching this Thank You Adam
Thank You camera thank you David for
bringing us out here Thank You creation
government thank you to everybody who
showed me a great time and I'm
definitely coming back to Croatia Thank
You Croatia for giving me so much
publicity you guys put me in the article
almost every single day so that was
really awesome but anyway it's time to
get back to reality
and upload some more pranks and go to
VidCon and see all my fellow youtubers
so tomorrow guys thank you for watching
I love you the Sudan yeah
