what's up guys my name is Vitaly and I'm
currently escaping with wolves in
Croatia and we're about to go sailing
yep we're gonna get all the girls I'm
picking one of you guys to travel the
world with me and escape with wolves I'm
running the contest to travel the world
I don't know where we're gonna go it's
gonna be maybe Dubai on our Deakin i G
RIA
who knows where maybe even Moscow Russia
but now I'm gonna head off to David he's
gonna give you more details about this
contest and you better go I'm David and
I'm one of three of escape with wolves
we're three entrepreneurs who travel the
world seeking out adventure and along
the way we give away free trips to come
party with us hang out with us and learn
from us and this time for contest number
two we're bringing along a very special
guest Shay are inviting one person fully
paid for all expenses are covered there
are several ways to enter you can check
them out below but it's like a raffle
the more ways you enter the better your
odds of winning all right guys if you
want to travel the world with us the
links are in the description below
yeah sign up it may be you you're gonna
be like oh no it's not gonna be me
no it's gonna be you just sign up it
might be you just do it
