what's up villains look where we had
we're in the beautiful New York with
Brendan a with by the Freedom Tower look
at this and so high you can it doesn't
even focus oh right there here we go so
we're here I'm showing Brendan New York
City we got like four hours before we
need to get on the plane hold out for
hours before when you get back to the
airport because the traffic is going to
be so crazy so me and Brendan decided to
take turns in this bag because this bag
weights I don't know maybe like 20
pounds so Brent is gearing first and
then I'm gonna carry so we just got the
9/11 memorial and look at this I never
even seen this it's so crazy how they
built this these are all the names the
people that passed away unfortunately
this is the center if you guys never
been here before I'm showing you right
now I actually never been here before -
right here look at this
they have a museum towards I didn't know
they had a museum so me and Brandon
about to go check out the museum but the
line is kind of big
but we'll see go inside hi guys were
here at the 9/11 museum and I've never
been here before and these are the
stairs so we here at the museum and I
just had to log this look at these guys
I didn't want to show you anything else
but look at the stairs where people have
to walk up and an escalator stairs and
an escalator welcome to America there
was a lot of sad things to see so anyone
a vlog but it was a great experience for
Brennan and I but yes we are going to be
the first ones on these tales that's
right
look at this nobody nobody but escalator
a lot nobody on the stairs and now they
made those things where you don't have
to walk just like whatever whatever they
call you guys know what I'm talking
about a lot of miners started to use its
up did they so after 23 years looking I
found my dad I bet
can you say mom what's up what's up mom
what's up mom so I was wet were you been
everybody's asking about you vitaliy
where's your dad where's your dad where
you been on my life dad right here
New York right here well gonna take you
out to dinner
it's weird that my mom is white and you
black and the white baby popped out
isn't that weird
that's some crazy genetics to God you
can switch right you have a controlling
your penis
left or right so walking around York
City and Lucroy I found the ice cream
man what's up brah butt up hey do you
know I've logged yesterday there's a guy
not laying an ice cream truck like this
and he's a rapist right you know do you
kidnap kids she that's it
does he get kids does he get kids hey
guys I got ice cream why don't you come
out
now this guy's the man look at it tell
him that Alice sent you here
what are you located he's located at
Trinity place yeah go get some ice cream
for my bro yeah hey you save it Sally
free ice cream for you there you go yeah
yes so I found guys I found a Russian
hitman yo Dmitri yo what happened to you
Dmitri what is what's happening huh
what happened to Dmitri damn look the
Russian hit man oh my G survived thank
you oh wow
really that's from 911 oh look at that
surviving touch that guy thing oh my god
whoa that is crazy
Dmitri you survived 9/11 sister
I found my sister hey come here
what's your name you're my sister yeah
oh my sister Laquisha where Shaniqua I
forget her name
through some
yeah threesome yeah yeah huh
Wow look at these people they're so nice
you don't mind wow these are some nice
people right now just I just wanted to
see if you would put me in the group you
guys to look lonely you guys need some
company so I want to thank you guys you
wouldn't happen to be my parents right
huh hard to tell in all right all right
well thank you
what a nice people look at that yeah
they said I don't mind
I'm eat the food with us wow that's that
was awesome hey I know what you did last
October why don't you tell them what you
did
what'd you do last October you did the
money dance okay
the money did come on come on Sean the
money dance I know what you did that was
you I don't dance that was you before
these guys became a police officers
there were strippers at Spearmint Rhino
they got the nice black launch long and
they were just making some moves Hey
I'm not gonna put this on Facebook nah
not Facebook you porn oh excuse me sir
can I get a feel your muscle really yeah
are you sure yeah see I'm a muscle
inspector guy yeah you squat okay so do
you squat flat flex for me right yeah no
but for real flex all right flex that's
it yeah okay but this guy's ripped this
guy's we swallow you swallow so you live
that's like a mama chicken arm you're
like that you're like the mama of the
babies you get what I mean I'm just
starting right now
you're started but you're stronger than
me I'm just insulated I'm just fat
you're lying
what do you mean lying about what I
rather be like you not like me I'd
rather be like that really
look what daddy chicken arm why don't we
have some babies and have little kids
running around with big muscles
yo you given I'm just being honest sure
she's recording me for WorldStarHipHop
because she thinks I'm crazy not I'm
really not crazy I just want to do some
kitty do one-arm push-up
I do it yeah I can go push up on my cock
let's see if you can huh yeah are you
ready yeah ready
yeah yeah I'm playing to JK lol look at
Isis are good hey what's up look who I
saw Alex with a crazy driver he's gonna
get us to the airport on time bitch
always sleeps three hours before bog
with him we can leave 20 20 minutes
before what's up Alex good not good good
how's everything good look at you bro
you look at changes oh by the way guess
who recommended me to get that Jaguar
f-type this guy he helped me get it he
bargained for me he went to the shop
with me he told those guys what's up
okay so I love it it's time to for a
change now when I do you want to ride a
Bugatti
oh yeah I got that too but they told me
you can he recommended me that to hard
wire you can go on the ride why don't
you do it I don't like this car
oh okay oh you're a good girl oh so cute
it does the same thing the Alex Miguel's
dog hey on my leg hey cutie bugs crazy
dog Oh crazy excited huh what's the name
yeah bear sit bow-wow you're smart
you're a superstar you're so cute you
wanted what the cameras eat it come on
then Alex the other cutest dog bro
you're scaring him I nothing now take me
to the airport before before I was late
to my thank you today Airport not be
formally to my flight nothing please bro
hi hi guys so we're driving to the
airport right now and we're driving
through the rain the weather is bad and
guess what happened guys Brendan's like
Brendan was like I were going to the
right Airport we were going to JFK
instead of Newark Airport New Jersey so
we're driving through the rain and I put
Alex through so much stress it was like
oh we're gonna be late are we gonna be
late are we gonna be late the people
told us to leave New York at 6:00 and we
left at 9:00 if we miss this slide this
will be over but we're not gonna miss it
there's no way it would be like a nice
going fill my heart to see the slide but
look at this weather now this is what
we're driving through so we thinking the
flight is gonna get delayed and there's
also lightning
alright guys we finally got to Denmark
Copenhagen with Brandon and we're doing
everything possible to upload these logs
for you so we're connected to the Wi-Fi
uploading this vlog and one more no more
stops next up is Croatia it's a
five-hour layover the schedule got
messed up but hey as long as we get
there we're good so thank you guys for
watching this vlog next vlog will be in
creation so get ready because things are
about to get wild don't forget to thumbs
up we'll love you thank you for watching
oh yeah did you say your all your vital
your vitality fine I'll stay right 3 2 1
vitaliy Wow
