put your reservation number in their box
accessories wicked what's up okamoto
this log has the flowering analyses
knock off is it your phone is partisan
so their Airlines is down looks like
we're not going to creation so tomorrow
awful that you know hoping we can still
fly right they're getting a hopes up
just like the Holy replace make my own
way to learn like headed off hablar and
it over here thank you for your feet hey
celebration time for us we got our
tickets hey the system started working
again so we got our flights and we got
our tickets and
the flight mode 45 minutes later so we
still have 40 minutes to get to her
flight thank God I might be crazier
right on time I would have gone crazy
for we had to go home and sleep and just
be like I didn't get my visa the first
day I had to move to the next day and
I'm going finally all right guys let's
go alright so we're supposed to get on
our next flight and apparently it left
that's what my mom takes me and I don't
know i don't believe her so I'm hoping
for the best we don't know yet it was
gonna happen but it's supposed to leave
with 520 it's 36 p.m. so i don't know
what's gonna happen not and i was gonna
happen with our bags it's just so
stressful
I just want to go to Croatia it's almost
midnight i'm still at the airport and
now we're going to get my bags I've been
here for about six hours nobody can find
it tickets anywhere everybody's
traveling through Croatia and I can find
any flights so they finally found us a
flight tomorrow that leaves from here
from New Jersey to Frankfurt and from
Frankfurt to Croatia thank God and then
they found another ticket they found
another flight at least tonight to Oslo
Norway but they're not allowing me to go
to Oslo because I don't have a very good
password I need a visa for that just for
the layover it's ridiculous anyway we
met some new friends they're cool
they're upstairs two girls and this guy
and I guess we're gonna go party in
Manhattan tonight or have a couple beers
and hopefully I'll get my back dress ah
it's 1am this is us Freyr that's our
luck so tomorrow we have to come back
here and see what we can do nothing's
promised how do you know what to say
this is ridiculous guys we're gonna try
tomorrow one last time to go to create
hopefully were there by Friday that's
when the ultra starts Friday and we got
to be on the yacht so that's it right
now we're gonna get a hotel sleep and
hopefully wake up tomorrow in a better
mood I get to so I was really upset at
United but at least they gave us a
dope-ass hotel with the bar inside we're
gonna have a couple beers because we
deserve a nice cold beer after a
stressful 14-hour day maybe at the
airborne up since 4am happened it's to
almost joy m it's 130 it's crazy yo guys
we just had a beer and we can't go
without chalkboard you know that and we
met a new friend here what's up what's
your name bro mark mark mark was coming
with us from LA and look he's here today
with us we're all sharing a room cuz I
asked ha jk LOL but now we're going to
share a cake I know hopefully tomorrow
we'll get on that flight Adam is texting
the guy was playing us out to gracious
thing that we're missing out right now
the girls are super hot
look at it was a blog
leave this guy right here I'll turn
around let's show them but would you say
you're off your vital your vibe all
right now stay right three two one
battalion Wow reservations so boys were
about to get a cake and my thing about
cakes is that shirt cakes with little
boys okay that's not it that's not it
wrong that's like nah but I don't want
to eat a lot of gates so you guys are
more than welcome to have it now I'm
just kidding just say to myself from a
horrible joke but what is this muscle
milk yeah we now look at this guy wow
this guy definitely was that chicken
look at this guy haha it looks like
Arnold the chance coming in all right
villains its next day right now and we
got some good news for you was left at
the airport we came back when I was left
with the hotel but we went to the
airport and they sent us again back and
forth back inward I thought I'm going to
lose my shit to be honest and guess what
happened we finally got our flights
tonight at midnight to Copenhagen
Denmark and to within to Croatia so
right now we're headed to New York City
to hang out i will show brenda cuz he's
never been there so I'm gonna end this
vlog right now it's the next day so
secure in day so I'm gonna end this blog
to start a new fresh one for you this
was the worst day ever yet last night
was the worst day ever someone entirely
towards they ever don't forget to thumbs
up for support and what I've been
through I love you guys so i'll see you
tomorrow thank you for watching does he
die
