nice
that's right time to start a day with an
inspirational quote you see that brand
did you gonna follow it
yeah are you gonna stop using your phone
are you gonna stop texting your
boyfriend
what's up villains I'm super happy today
that I got my visa and I'm gonna go to
creation tomorrow can happen with us I'm
so happy I got my visa I'm gonna get a
salad oh and we're gonna get at the
receipt force I'm super stoked and I
still didn't show you that but I'm will
you got your password you happy yeah
Croatia yeah week you're not ready we're
out tomorrow yeah yeah yeah look at that
held now I see what I'm holding I'm
holding the camera come on look at that
I'm just kidding look at this and look
at this oh my god that diet though Oh
Croatia is not ready bone Appetit brah
hi guys so we just got to Bloomingdale's
to Beverly Center and I got myself a
nice Cologne to smell good for the
ladies and I'm getting a couple pairs of
bathing suits for the sea and the
fitting room is right there but nobody's
there and it says the mail whatever guys
gonna help you so I'm gonna do the
Telekom old-fashioned way and call for
help
how do you do it what I do
I can't figure it out you know just try
them on
I am I good
so we just went to the Verizon Wireless
and I was trying to buy a hotspot for
the C corporation C and I couldn't find
anything they said it doesn't cover the
area so Brandon and I are desperately
looking for a hotspot that will cover
the area the creation area so we can
upload the awesome logs for you guys so
we keep looking we keeping looking we
keeping looking hey I'm breaking
Brennan's virginity and mani/pedi the
excited rod hey we're gonna date look at
you yeah you need to get done hey you
need to get it done we're going to
Croatia bro we're going to Croatia we're
gonna be on the boat 24/7
we're gonna be wearing flip-flops our
toes get it look good just got home got
a fresh manicure and pedicure feeling
fresh and look who showed up
Hey look at her to iron my clothes
before I leave and pack my bag
how can you not like her we got dusting
here I'm going to his house had to pick
up the super shoes and from Eric and
this guy wants to ride but you I got
Brendan here so you think you can fit in
the truck it's tried right
there's no way bro there is no way try
dude if you go in the trunk you break
the world's record
nothing couldn't fit in the trunk so
we've got another solution yeah lucky
you down the street bro
just cuz York you draw just cuz you can
damn look at this our buddy Eric from
super hooked it up look at this he told
me some of these shoes on unreleased do
you know which ones look at these these
are like the runners shoes they're super
light these are not scalable
but look these are Brendan's I hooked up
Brendan two pairs right here and then I
got these supras you know what I should
do since we get them for free and super
is gonna send me more we should do a
giveaway for shoes just like that Lambo
not sure to giveaway for shoes super let
me know if you guys want me to do a
giveaway of Supra skateboarding shoes we
can do a cool contest I'll come up with
it soon for these shoes you guys gonna
have to work a little bit but yeah
anyway so thank you super for hooking me
up with these I love it I love it I love
it
wow there's a shit thanks Eric the best
cool
oh by the way shout out to my mom for
this nice haircut
look at this aunt Brenda got one but you
can't notice you can you know you can
notice a little bit anyways we are
looking at yourself where are four hours
away from going to Croatia
are you excited very excited very tired
he's like let's not sleep today let's
put all night I look he's tired he's
like dude listen you have all-nighter
well he can't even handle it it's not
even midnight its hour we have to be at
the airport at 4 a.m. it's around like
11:45 but Brandon is actually scared of
flying really bad so he wants to drink
before the plane because they calm them
down no it's not like I'm not saying bad
like you're an alcoholic you need a
drink I'm just saying you want a drink
to calm down comes you down it works
yeah you know what yeah it was like
you're not drinking you're gone on the
plane sober there's no reason to drink
because yeah it's uh I don't know flying
safe yeah I will drink when we get to
Croatia we'll celebrate and by the way
the fun fact about guys about this is
I've never been to Europe yeah believe
it or not I'm from Russia and have a
Russian passport and everywhere you go
you need a visa only Europe all of
Europe like the Asia I was surprised how
many countries that got into is this
your first time either country first
time
well apparently through all these
comments I read you I have a lot of a
lot of fans in Croatia and I can't
really believe that I'm really excited
to meet some of you guys if you see me
on the streets of split or somewhere in
the sea on a yacht don't be afraid to
zoom in and take a bit shit but not
since the guys come up to me talk to me
yeah we're gonna have fun and I'm also
excited about ultra Europe I'm both in
Europe every year in Miami for the past
few years I got into the scene and now
they have a whole truck in gear up yeah
and he's not even into that music enough
are you
Metallica bro huh yes all day all day
every day alright guys thank you so much
for watching this vlog these lungs are
about to get crazy
now there is give you a lot of but a lot
of skin a lot of everything maybe you
should tell me what do you want to see
more in the blog's is gonna be yacht
week ultra Europe you're gonna see a lot
of party a lot of awesome buildings blue
sea
nice yachts nice girls six-pack with
guys I don't know what else do you want
to guys see alright anyways thank you so
much for watching this vlog don't forget
the thumbs up I love you that's it
that's it fuck that was a close one
yeah
that's their work
