what's up villains look when I'm with
you Eddie
and Brennan and we're headed your Jack
and Jill's and as I told you in my
previous vlog my visa didn't get
approved so hopefully get some fruit
tomorrow but ed and I met up for some
nice projects we're talking about here
big things maybe in the work suit and
like you can tell already I want to show
you this but look contract right here
and yet we're headed to Jack and Jill's
to talk about business it's a beautiful
day out but maybe a beautiful day for
all the people but for me it's so
stressful because of my visa so guess
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go to the
gym and take my anger out on the weights
please mode my god damn okay I'm gonna
hurt this thing oh the heat oh I'm a lot
harder
thanks oh my god like it did it so good
whoo boys so a while back I got this
ticket for having a tint on my car and
yeah ed helped me take care of it got a
guy got a guy so I didn't have to take
it off so I didn't have to take over ten
so I got it signed now I'm going to the
courthouse to show him the ticket and
yeah hopefully they waive the thing but
we're late supposed to get this a month
ago it's supposed to put a month ago but
sorry Iceland yeah we're busy people so
let's see what they say so Brandon push
me at the house to go do a vlog of
skating do some exercise right now we
headed to over their drive for their
drive is where all the rich people hang
out but we don't fit in there but we're
gonna hang out at the Chipotle that's
where we're going we're gonna go to
Chipotle and hopefully I will see spots
and gold diggers and vlog with them so
yeah and it's a good exercise right yeah
nice news Manny Manny door Manny hey
what
no way
Oh close then fuck that was a close one
here
those sketch 101
that's the word their drive over here we
got to leave a ton we got agent product
burglar provocateur we got Bo get a
Vanetta what they got Versace they used
to have a Bugatti here I don't know if
they moved it or what but it used to be
parked right over here
edible Gotti and then we got a pedophile
over here got a pedophile over here
thinking he's selling ice cream huh no
it's the cook how many kids do you have
in that inside your kid oh you don't
kidnap kids oh I thought it was a rape
man ah okay what would you like some
sure I would get a water please you want
to go boom temperature cold please so
how many I wanna do a little into how
many kids do you kidnap a year five six
excuse me you won game be dead yeah yeah
no guys this is good so many kids do you
kidnapped
no comment
he's not kind of thing that doesn't that
justify so I was trying to disturbing
the peace like back in the day climate
this truck but I can let's look for
something else let's go let's see what I
can disturb Brennan and I got home after
a long day of skating and today I got in
the mail this book you have anybody read
this book before Mike and Dave need
wedding dates associate said that to me
an apparently supposed to be a really
good book because I like I told you guys
before I'm planning to write a book next
year yeah I was gonna be the best
Rolling Stones New York Times seller
book you will ever read so anyways we're
about to go to Oh Meg Leigh and to talk
to some awesome fans so if you follow me
on Twitter you would know because I'm
gonna put a status on Twitter saying get
on the Meg let and these are key words
and these are the key words
vitaliy pranks and then you'll be able
to find me really easy let's see what
kind of villains we can find today while
I'm sitting down here and being actually
down for not getting my visa Oh
tomorrow tomorrow
easily oh my god that's the guy that's
the guy dear what's up bro yeah how are
you good
do not tell you something since then I
haven't pooped since I met you I think
you changed my life for real like I
can't even go to the bathroom anymore
and people think that's something we put
up a vlog that's a detail it was that
fucking pointed god I'm into the screen
dude this guy's gonna get so much this
guy's a swastika and his fucking dungeon
is some shit do the title of this log
will be like I met Hitler what's it what
are you blending are you playing why are
you playing it to those school shooting
or what oh shit dude what the fuck
you make math no way no he's long this
guy's serious bro
he's mad lemme vlog this that's salt
yeah you big well you make a you make
meth install you serious bro
oh hell not you Scott agreed
not scary no Jews guys what God with a
blooper vest wah-wah fuck you holy like
a tip the screen Wow
oh yeah whoa yes but wait you might be
underage oh no no no no you not underage
though come here kitty cat come here you
little kitty
look you kiss me kiss me kiss me to the
screen yes look at the end it's Kim K
what's up bro so man you want me to
follow you on twitter
yeah well since you're nice enough I
will follow you on twitter
okay are you gonna make videos every day
man really you watch the vlogs
yeah I love the vlogs and I followed you
see I'm a nice guy then thing he's not
even excited
you're not even excited I'm very excited
deep down below me
thanks bro I love you too you want to be
the vlog so show them your procedure
when the girls come over all right so I
take him all right I copy put him right
on the bed first show on the aisle all
right yeah don't that I put him on the
bed
man those cheeks kidneys give him like
that jeez he's the true villa you know
how to spread Militello the booty
nice cute it's not the tongue cutie like
an apples to a heart it's like a peach
you have to have it like a peach and
apple to our girls highlight your boy
girls are the cupboards look at this
pootie where's mine
I said this guy wants me to follow him
on Twitter and he's like what can I do
is like drinking raw drink a raw egg I
go ahead break it
show me to a toilet around the cup yeah
nice he's not cheating I go 3 2 1
woke up one go go dude it's so bad I
didn't think it was that bad what's up
rice bubblegum how are you
Hey look at this so this guy is
live-streaming me right now to all these
people look at all these people I'm on a
Meg left talking through some website to
the whole world I don't understand
what's going on look at this look at
this I'm here I'm here I'm here I look
like this now what's going on I don't
understand I got the visa hey I got the
visa oh yeah we are going to Croatia
tomorrow morning 4 o'clock in the
morning we'll go to the airport 7
o'clock we're flying out these vlogs are
about to get hot the sun's about to come
out the beaches whoa this is gonna be
fun guys thanks for hoping Amy getting a
visa without you looking to do it you
guys are the best
anyways these logs about to get dope
thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you guys tomorrow there's
going to be a big time difference nine
hours so I'm going to try to figure out
but don't worry and we're going to be in
the middle of the yacht so I'm going to
get a wireless hotspot for in the middle
of the yacht in the middle of the ocean
in the middle of the sea and I'm gonna
get a hotspot so I can upload those logs
for you because I don't want to not
upload for seven days and want to come
back up loads it's not fun we'll see
I'll do my best guys I'll see you
tomorrow thank you for watching don't
forget to thumbs up the cou what's up
guys I just wanted to introduce you to
my American girlfriend
yes she's part of it that's an
ex-boyfriend so I started dating a new
girl girl you look like you've been
doing some squats
