what's up villains my homies my friends
another day with Brendan and I and today
it's my first time we're at Manhattan
Beach the bay looking a little gloomy if
you know what I mean but it's actually
good it's not sunny because my lands on
my vlog camera if it's sunny picks up
some dirt that's under the lens so
before we go to Croatia I'm gonna get a
new camera and send this one out for the
warranty repair so by the time I'm away
it gets fixed and then I'm just gonna
return the one I bought but anyways we
had to Pierre I want to film a prank for
my second channel for this one and
obviously have a nice vlog outside see
what people are up to and stuff like
that
what's up bro we got the Villanova he
watches the vlog the Greek side he is
piece of positive his girlfriend for me
any time you want some M&Ms so Brendan
and I came from an Hatton Beach here
because we couldn't find parking so we
got a non villain recognize me
yep and we're just chillin they're gonna
do their own thing and we're gonna keep
filming
I did go man the whole thing better
change the batteries for that camera
that's how we good yeah that guy's still
talking about
he's freaking out stuff so anyways we
couldn't find Park in Manhattan Beach so
we have to come here and something
driving for an hour and running wants to
reach for my balls but yeah so we here
in Venice Beach right now and I'm gonna
try to do up I'll kind of say I would
say kind of kind of prank
she's smiling she wants me don't be shy
what's up guys I just wanted to
introduce you to my American girlfriend
boyfriend
girl you look like you've been doing
some squats what's been going on with
that my girlfriend's been doing some
awesome stuff but she's leaving me where
you going you can't go you can't go too
fast Wow
now she dished it she doesn't want me
anymore look at that she just doesn't
want me and that was a nice size
that was a nice spite was flat I just
gave her comfortable it wasn't that good
check out these awesome cops playing
football with these kids and this guy
look at this look at this look at this
look at these cops look at these cops
look at these cops look at these cops
I don't know they were just trying to be
nice or they're really nice cops or they
just saw those videos those cops playing
basketball do you see those cops just
come play basketball other cops are
doing is they seeing all these things
and then they want to fit in I don't
know maybe they are really nice who
knows stop I'm directing traffic today
it's my turn
everybody says whatever dude I know
you're me seriously I knew if I saw you
out fucking seriously that's I watch all
your fucking and just hell on the bus
yeah
Oh Brendan and I decided to get a coffee
from our favorite place the earth cafe
and right now we're heading back to do
our laundry our lunch are you ready to
do some laundry boy your mommy ain't
gonna do for you but anyways and I also
will edit a new prank that I filmed what
do you think about the new prank not
today's prank but I showed it to you
what you think nah come on seriously
baby don't be camera shy you're so cute
don't be honking at me that's good shit
why you honk it around town ping yeah
check out this sexy boy I just got to
Cheesecake Factory and look at my Vegas
body my aka Santa Monica bodies my aka I
don't know so these two are going to
Miami while I'm gonna be in Croatia and
I'm gonna be super pissed because I want
Charlotte
anyone in Miami out there to show my
boys good time I'm talking about hookers
strippers and everything okay they're
going there to a library to beautiful
which is that a lot of mourners yeah the
library pumpers so yeah they're going
and I'm super bummed that I'm not gonna
be there but then they're like shut the
hell up you're gonna be in Croatia so I
guess I got a little sloppy yeah David I
hate too much
that burrito burrito is so good I was
supposed to get the visa today it's the
next day after the vlog while it's still
vlogging but after the vlog is supposed
to get the visa Oh whirring we didn't
have the yacht name they wanted they
literally wanted everything a health
insurance yachts name hotels name which
I'm not staying in a hotel I'm gonna be
on the yacht they wanted everything
tomorrow morning I'm supposed to play
out guess what I can't because I don't
have the visa but that says I don't give
up some changing my flight to the next
day and hopefully I'll get the visa
tomorrow after they approve because I
just send the yachts name and everything
they said it last second so my fingers
are crossed
Brendan's supposed to get his passport
today but I know you're gonna get your
passport
yeah thank you for spending another day
with the Brendan and Vitaly and we'll
see you guys tomorrow I'm gonna get my
hopes up because I'm going to Croatia I
watched all those videos I gotta hide my
vlogs are gonna be good we got all this
equipment along everything's gonna be
good all right guys I'll see you
tomorrow don't forget to thumbs up thank
you so much for watching
that's it we promo
don't be my magic I was
