what's up villains another day with my
homie Brendan I was supposed to film
today but I forgot today is a holiday
and the prank was supposed to do was
supposed to doing workers so it didn't
work out today so ever an excuse not to
film today which is bad but I'm still
vlogging for you so I'm gonna take him
to 800 degrees beats harina because he's
never been there and I told him about it
yeah I know so much for that diet but
we've been doing really good so I'm
gonna take you easy on that pizza and oh
my god that is gonna crush the building
oh I also wanted to start the vlog with
a funny thing that Brendan has on his
phone you guys ready every time somebody
sends him a text in a public place and
it's quite out listen what you hear I'm
gonna thanks Brendan right now
I find it funny especially when we're at
the quiet place it just goes these nuts
better I Sookie with these Melvin's the
shit and he's the shit really I ain't
got no bitches he doesn't have it now
look at that you choose your own fucking
bow how about this you choose your base
you choose your cross and then you get
anything you want
alright you ready look at all these
stuff in this thing are you excited how
excited are you
mama'll time - can I get two tomatoes
mushrooms
jalapenos Baroni yeah and check this
this is heaven man what'd you get
turkey sausage
pepperoni chicken Wow
Sony my left the bag in my house he's
like yeah I have a dog at your house and
look where it is in my bag so check this
bag and he has it he had it so I started
smoking it and I'm like I don't want to
smoke this anymore so flushed it down
the toilet and now I have to go see I
mean he's like are you freaking kidding
me you pull my daughter away so I gotta
go get him a new one
I got him two bottles look at that no
one just for me
alright guys so Brendan feeling a little
bit sick after that beat sigh yes sir
otter now my stomach hurts really bad
so right now we went to the pool as you
saw it when I vlogged there because
every time I put a vlog camera up the
fan saw it and it just got out of hand
so right now I'm going to dinner with
NEMA and all his boys and then we might
hit the club so thank you guys movie
let's go just met up with this boy Nemo
what's up what's up what's Holly blogs
on the house even if I haven't seen him
in the wild where both my travels mark a
crime right here yeah we're SDK we're
about to eat some steak refresh how's
that doll have been treating it yeah
that's what I told them how I flushed it
down the toilet
yeah we're talking about our experience
how we're gonna travel again for you
guys but this time of a little goodbye
we're gonna be blogging on here every
day right storm and we got wolf over
here how are you
I need my shamah hit that door how your
favorite thing how long you been without
that me about like you doing me yeah
this is so bad no it's not bad they know
it's mobile sometimes so this is the
dope huh we've talked about this in the
vlog before you may have lied enough to
Doha and this is tobacco mixed with
spices and herbs from Dubai we got it
here in the USA
and those who know know you I shut the
fuck up this is our this is our gay
friend you'll get guys as you guys know
it always with ours yeah yeah that's a
little donut lesson for you guys holy
shit look at this oh boy well you got to
get the chicken arms off whether it's
going to be a long night tonight yeah a
lot of protein tonight what's up baby
eat steak all night
okay
thank you so much watching this log I
know it was kind of short blog but five
vlogs are about to start they always
been fun but the real fun is about to
start from starting this week Croatia is
gonna be insane it's gonna be crazy
I cannot wait so don't forget to come
back thank you for all the love
thumbs up and the Sudan yeah that's I I
just came here to get your phone number
make things simple no come on but the
gay marriage got legalized please
