what's up villains welcome to another
vlog and right now I don't know what the
hell I'm stayin right now
Thank You Bourassa to Bahasa family for
hosting me here burj khalifa Thank You
Rasheed thank you Sarah thank you save
thank you thank you thank you
yeah you guys ready villains are you
ready needy 9/4 burj khalifa bam how
amazing is this this is I mean I'm in
total shock I'm in disbelief right now
look at this this is an apartment it's
not a hotel it's very nice very
beautiful fahan - careless fun
Fahad you Fahad you in trouble you ain't
rub up on you in trouble I'm kidding
this is fun
thank you so much for me oh thank you
thank you to Sarah once again this is so
nice what are you I'm this is amazing
and this is gonna be my bedroom
my mom is in another bedroom oh so vihan
just told us this is where the fireworks
coming out from right here this is the
firework this is crazy that I actually
get to see well you come out from what
good is how high is this this is the
Dubai Mall right here and a bush Khalifa
one thing about it is when you go
downstairs it's connected so we're going
to get taxi or nothing and there's a
firework show that I will show you guys
that starts at 6 p.m. and this is the
dress hotel oh that's a fact and the end
and this and this is the dress hotel
that went on fire last night yeah
alright guys so we just love burj
khalifa and i guys so we just left and
today what are we doing today today i
don't know we're just having a chill day
but again text really lot of my friends
why look at my iphone I dropped it
yesterday I broke the screen and I have
a cover on it and I got so mad but it
threw it against the wall and mom how
many - how many times a month uh break
my screen
every day I don't buy a case I'm too
lazy to buy the case I don't know
because it's like it's like I don't know
I know it sounds really stupid but
anyways we're gonna enjoy our days in
Dubai um it's all Tom's birthday today
sometime if you're watching this happy
birthday I wish you nothing but the best
gtex until a certain number you have my
phone action alright well because I'm
playing better maybe you're not gonna
mama ma no I have to tell you something
rain drop range up rain drop when I say
rain drop you say drop top right top
rain drop drop down rain drop drop dog
yeah I haven't seen such a market like
this in a long time where they just saw
the chocolate you literally just buy the
chocolate and I'm sorry the settings are
bad I gotta fix the settings in this
one's too fast which one is the best the
best which one is which one is your
favorite everything's good chocolate
chocolate just met the villain
what up bro how are you I'm good alright
let's take a picture
here's I have a phone so he's gonna take
a screenshot nice and quiet bro dude
best look let me show you the lobby of
push Khalifa look at this Lobby and I
wish I wish I wish you can smell how
nice it smells I asked him I was like
where can I get the smell she's like
feel they said nowhere in the world it's
a special smell on every floor just me
how does it smell
it's like she's like mom I was like I
wanna pretend I wanted to have this like
in my love yeah
you can possible anywhere in the world
so and each floor has a different
fragrance each floor is that and ever
anything is so exclusive so you cannot
get any anywhere it's crazy huh what
reporting it tonight
yeah no I can't record okay oh my god
but look I can see my window from here
what's up boss or you it's nice to see
you good what's that broad Webster oh I
got it alright bro
so this is downtown and they fountain
charlie 20 minutes I don't know how many
miss it or not but I'm gonna get the
boys when Doha though but this is
awesome
they're finally gonna finish the hotel I
heard two more months and we can people
maybe more mean our there when I look at
that fountain show there's actually
amazing disease what do you think school
this view of the fondant I've ever seen
so we're staying here and I Z's told me
and you know there's a coffee shop 123rd
for outside you can see the view
I didn't know that tomorrow meeting
coffee but what the hell is this there's
a pool on the 76th floor inside and
outside you can see all over the by it
show me show me brother no way no way no
way
we got the man himself read read from
where where DP looks recalls bra look
what you got me for tonight that you
serious thank you so much ma'am
don't thank you very much bro anytime
drop top raindrop watching this they
rose on me keep me company you the most
most young ring dropped up yo my
diarrhea holding up our no host Obama's
is it good back there oh yeah
controlling sonic in the Ryder bag
doesn't enjoy your ride yeah damn 2017
huh Wow
it's so classic what up villains welcome
to another vehicle Tina fuck cock doula
we're here with the boys what's up guys
look at this beautiful russian girls how
are you pretty girl hi but guess what
this guy I can't believe I met him I'm a
fan this guy's a leg and it climbs the
building's ass outta here
the video we're gonna make for you
you're crazy bro I thought I was crazy
you're the craziest guy ever met in my
life
why you just talk to these criminals as
if you're not Russian
y'all ready for this donkey ha ha
because you're a villains shut the magis
daylight shut there's somewhat easiest
numb dumb --'tis all right no I go back
to backdoor front flip let's back him
right back
Wow clue alright alright guys so right
now we're on the way to to to to to the
farm with mr. as easier and my freaking
Hawaiian like Pakistan a model no homo
white white share model unum I know a
lot on that typical you can't do good
egg
what's up say what's up outside how are
you and we got them what do you guys
call em where she walks the rich
gangster rush it is our driver what's up
bro how are you the most most yo sweat
the sweat that won't eat your ass whoosh
I say I'd be mine fuck you sauce you're
so pretty why why why are you shy I see
I see you are my bestie what the person
are okay they were glowing do it what
are you smoking
I don't you think I'll anything n maybe
bad addition why are the Russian girls
Russian and Saudis are the hottest girl
in the world
sorry though you don't mean why those
are lon Saudis because they're all
virgins okay Russians why because I've
been on no commercials or not while the
Russians are not virgins what was
originated in nine years old but no no I
said Russian girls because you're
beautiful
that's why every Russian girls beautiful
oh you think I think
Oh Rotwang style yeah just be careful
but I we're all the same
shut the fuck up above bushka
babushka picture okay wait wait for the
flash one second there's no flash
caboose caboose get out of it boo-boos
guys so we're about to the camel riding
right camel yes yeah she's a camel
digger this is a camel digger I don't
get a hug you know thank you hey look at
this red broke I love this Mohammed
what's happening to tell us decided to
be a good driver of the desert but
eventually not find a lot of white boys
a lot of white boys what's the song give
me one song to you you listen to all the
breakup songs ants one Fc breaks all
right hello hello oh my god now now I'm
going down fuck that ending now are you
gonna play it in the car on the way okay
I swear to God when you sing it now what
do you guys know where you guys from
where you guys from England all nice
London but those singers that I just met
I have never heard their songs he's
playing it right now this shit slit turn
it up one thing that I love are his and
most is people always change but the
memories down and lately yummy and even
eat lately I've been feeling ill when
you cannot sleep at night that's when we
know shit Israel you don't even need a
gun you don't even need your real friend
you'll get killed
my voices in the house so where we at
what restaurant are we Hadji cafe and
you said this place into my mom sushi I
wonder how many people are gonna come
here after this log
we should get checkups with maple syrup
it's a mess
grabbing up telephone booth you got a
telephone booth what's inside the
telephone booth
chicken tikka masala stir the variety
let's try something calling we put a
chicken
so you guys thinking we're just hanging
out shitting around this guy isn't the
best video you know his videos so we're
gonna make some
no no no I was kidding okay bye anyways
these guys agree you guys make it some
magic
hey we got two exotic cars so tell me I
didn't know about this about Bugatti I
don't maybe some of you know maybe so
what you don't anymore glasses you got
nothing I fit in here with these buses
buy us tell me so you have two keys one
is just to start the car and then the
other one is I think cool like a super
key I don't know exactly and you plug it
in here you just twist it into that yeah
as you can see and then it enables you
also about how puzzles is cargo 420
Komatsu does it actually cut Mexico once
you put the key in depth you can go for
20 bucks well I mean I'd be possible
- laughs look is this all my friends in
LA are gonna be crazy about it what the
hell Wow look at these amazing little
creatures
see I do
you wanna be
our villains thank you so much for
watching this vlog tomorrow there's
another vlog of the bye my last day and
then we're off to Bahamas thank you for
following this journey please give this
vlog a big thumbs up and I can't wait to
show you what kind of magic we're
creating with J Alvarez thank you so
much and we'll see you tomorrow that's
it
