what's up my village another day with
Brenda what's up say what's up villains
Oh what's up villains say it again
what's up that what is up villains nice
nice so Brandon and I are gonna go to
earth cafe to get a nice Spanish lotsa
cuz it's the best we need some energy in
us and yeah so I hoped you guys enjoyed
the MGK vlog and I was a lot of a
concert then talking and I hope you guys
enjoying your shirt sales because the
shirt sales are amazing and if you
haven't got it yet you should bra bro no
rice for you I told you no rice no rice
no rice for you baby we were eating
salads all day and it's 8 2 o'clock at
night it's a park at night and you will
see rice so old they know rice more
carbs love rice give no rice black beans
you're doing so good in the diet
there get in guys he lost 40 pounds per
arm out of them inspiration to the
village hidden what are you gonna get
can I get a bowl please with black beans
really it's a promotion which opponents
even a one promotion are fucked yo John
I haven't seen you in a while how are
you this is my friend John guys you know
John John John the wiki oh you have the
cutest smile just get awkward for you
zero to 100 really game that's all right
I just came here to get your phone
number make things simple no come on but
the gay marriage got legalized please I
want to get married all right I'm gonna
go I'm sorry
you two love you guys see your ovaries
to it why are you looking at this of
course it was all my idea
this is so bad I can't believe I'm doing
this
so much for that juice diet she needs it
I was just walking about this Lemmons
how many times it asked you to bring
extra lemons like like ten times
look you make sure you brought extra
lemons and we got this cheesecake hey
you copy on camera they make this move
it is yeah I do thanks for the extra
lemons we have pork stock damn look at
this guy hooked up with some lemon I
love it yeah check this out oh my god
Brendan I want you to do something for
the blog this lemon is so sour I want
you to eat it without me without making
a face naughty one without making a face
look at the camera
lemons are really
juicy
ah what's wrong man
what's wrong be I like lemons what what
I love you see no I can't
no you may kiss I'm sorry you look good
guys sorry what am i you should not I
just did it for the look you're going
for the looks you can't enough okay now
I'm gonna get you a shot but did you see
the way they were looking come on start
the Don there's make even America which
Anais is good I we can conceive it or
say we just made love in the elevator in
front of you guys yeah that's my that's
my eggs husband yeah I know you're not a
little boy and I just know I know I
usually so I'm just playing with you I
thought I was accusing at things in your
old nano status all right guys I want to
show Brendan this video and I want to
see what you think about it it's only
like ten seconds all right seven seconds
actually a good play no just put your
foot date but take take the phone what I
just want to show you a video with
nothing's gonna pop up I want to see
your reaction
he's gonna get disgusted what did I show
you just uh a lot of shit hi guys the
blood came to an end
and I want to thank everybody again who
came back today to watch the vlog
because this must-see see hey my CC last
night was fun right
we got home passed out last night was
fun huh I'm asking you so where'd you
say like if you got really much to see
you with me thank you guys so much for
watching this vlog I love you I'll see
you guys tomorrow don't forget to come
back let's do dine yeah
