what's up valence another day with my
homie geez and who is my only geez
that's you guys yeah it's a late start
for the day it's 8 o'clock 8 p.m. I went
to port today for something I can't
really tell you shit happens back in the
day with my videos but right now I'm
headed to the House of Blues where MGK
is going to be performing and it's
supposed to start at 7:30 but you know
the artists don't go in too late so we
headed right now there and Brandon
thinks they're not gonna let him in with
us well I think that I can let him in
with us hopefully they will so we can
get some awesome vlog footage for you
guys but anyways I'm going to provide
you with the best vlog as they can today
let's go
please
do that shit without the motherfuckers
were not scared of your section the
coconut oil's like myself this is for
y'all
see
is to
there
Oh
alright guys I hoped you enjoyed the MGK
concert right now it's on to the next
day and I got to my mom's apartment and
I got some breaking news for you guys
while you're not I'm gonna say my mom
should can't even see you at a like but
anyways guys fourth of July blowout sale
I need to get rid of the stuff guys they
need to help me because I'm gonna order
the nice Villa and hats and villain
shirts but let's forget about this and
talk about this so I'm doing a sale
starting today - July 8th for 4th of
July
you'll get one shirt you get a free pair
of glasses
you get another shirt you get up you get
two shirts you get a phone case I also
have these girls shirts the guys bought
and sold out so I have this girl's shirt
- yeah buy one get one free so
boyfriend's get it for your girlfriends
or girls get it link is in description
guys so go and kill it and put my mum to
work thank you guys so much don't forget
the thumbs up this log I love you guys
and that's the Dania see you tomorrow
for another awesome vlog scuse me guys
can you talk to my friend Nisha was that
nothing there a charge one good
