what's up villains I'm currently sitting
in the parking garage of my gym and I
got a call this morning from my mom that
Matilda doesn't feel so well until
they're super sick I'm until that got
kidney stones
and this is not the first time but this
is the second time happens in the year
but this time it's really bad so she's
at the hospital right now
with the dog and they don't know if
they're gonna do surgery or just put the
dog to sleep so I'm super bummed right
now my mom I'm not there because my mom
just went just she just went and called
me she's like I'm at the hospital so I'm
at the gym right now and I hope
everything's gonna run smoothly I don't
want to go there right now because I'm
gonna cry and I don't want to cry so so
I'm just waiting for her to call me and
if they do put her to sleep I'm
definitely gonna go there and say my
last goodbyes but anyways guys I'm at
the gym right now and yeah I'm gonna go
and do a nice little workout second day
on my juices and ice applied for this
visa this morning they said it's not
guaranteed but that will try to expedite
it I hope everything's gonna be okay cuz
when you think everything's gonna be
okay and everything's gonna be great so
the same thing goes to Matilda if I
think everything's gonna be great
everything's gonna be great all right
guys let's start this vlog so my mom
just picked me up what's up mom because
my car has only two shoes and yeah you
guys probably wondering how until the
news are so everything's okay she's
gonna run out she might have a surgery
in two days
so we found our place that might do it
but my saver hopefully so my mood kind
of went up so right now we're going to
Santa Monica to take some awesome
pictures with this guy and this camera
show him that five D bra
yeah we've got everything I need some
Instagram pictures recently Instagram
pictures that hadn't been to Santa
Monica in a while and I had his lot of
strangers so it's about to go down when
I was here
Floyd's here he's on the bus chillin
just like last night when I met him at
the mall in Beverly Center he was
chilling in his bus he drives it on the
bus or the Escalade TMZ in front of him
that's crazy why would they why would
that advertise like this TMT like people
know he's there so they're gonna shoot
his eyes drive-by shooting if they want
to do drive-by shooting no that's crazy
mine anyways probably doing shopping
here not carrying his bags it's like a
boss
you guys have a great love
so these guys right now just convinced
me to eat some food I don't know should
I eat some food I don't know I've been
doing it so good why you don't want me
to drink those juices why don't you tell
me they can't hear you it's not good for
you it's not good for me I guess I guess
it's just for cleaning the system just
have to eat coffee and I'm telling you
guys right now she's like why are you
not vlogging metalli while you're not
vlogging and I'm like I have no energy
and she thinks I have no energy because
of the I didn't eat for two full days so
I might just having a nice salad guys
I'm sorry yeah it's I don't know I don't
know I'm like I feel like I'm putting my
body under so much stress like I can if
I eat salads for nine days I can be good
right exercise without eating
yeah and I'm exercising without food and
right now I'm just walking so so so
tired and it's only like 9 p.m. and I
shouldn't be this tired for 9 p.m. so I
don't know I don't know I'm just gonna
have a salad or maybe I shouldn't 9 I'm
like I want results out there second day
I should wait nine days on these juices
and see what will happen and fucking die
I didn't want to do this but if you guys
want the vlogs I need that fuel so here
we go look at this go look at something
good that's how many heat for the next
couple days
maybe I'll get on the background of that
well this is dying I don't know I just
need the fuel I'm super exhausted and
boy on a diet
yeah charges resin
did you know is rich so was it good
excuse me guys can you talk to my friend
was there a charge one good stop
breaking people that's the Karma what
could be she didn't push me right some
fun it's all your fault it's all your
fault yeah okay what's up yeah sorry
we're just making like a little idea I'm
sorry that's cool
hey you know calm and so we'll pick up
yeah I got a picture than yesterday yeah
let me take you let me take them yeah
you get some intelligence right on your
balls my balls oh my god that sounds hot
he touched them
yeah we're getting really can this
elevator we gotta go alright guys my mom
just dropped me off from Brennan and I
had to see Terminator Terminator I've
been really excited looking forward to
this movie and the reason I can tell you
why I started YouTube and why I wanted
to move to California and why I wanted
to be
actor is because Terminator 2 a thing
already told you in the long long long
ago vlog I think with my mom when we
went to Malibu or Hollywood Boulevard or
something
yeah I wanted to become an actor after
that movie after it so Terminator I'm
like holy shit the second the Judgment
Day that was a good movie what do you
think I remember when I came out what do
you think about this movie it looks like
it's gonna be awesome yeah I know
usually you know how the remakes are so
I don't know but I'm super super excited
and Arnold Schwarzenegger is the best in
the world
inspiration to us all and he doesn't
live I can't see something that's
something I can't say about a legend the
kid now I wish I can do a prank with him
and a movie but yeah and this guy at
least he's hot shit because he thinks
he's faster than me
I made myself almost cry I'm almost
there
but anyways ah I love that soundtrack
huh
that's what you think that was a badass
but nothing's gonna be
this was badass I definitely recommend
seeing if this was bad
the future is not set yet
Sara I'm looking for Sarah Connor Sarah
I'll be back have your clothes I'm
looking for Sarah Connor and I would
like your clothes
what I would like to close
I'm looking for Sarah Connor all right
guys it's on the next day and I'm about
to choose the winner for that Lambo and
I have 12,000 comments almost 13 and I
have no idea how I'm gonna choose the
winner either I'm gonna choose the
winner old-fashioned style where I just
scroll up the mouse and if the lands are
your name
you win so let's play that game let me
do like a little mashup here so it's
like to do - no it's way too many
comments and if you lose don't be hurt
because there's gonna be many more
contests left so I let's play this game
ready from the top from the top from the
top from the top to the top from the top
all right
boom lands on your name oh you're close
Simon oh no oh my god
poppy see how oh shit Oh Oh No Oh
victory mm-hmm damn it
ouch aha we go back up maybe we got the
winner
Sanjay cardkey Wow dude congratulations
you are guys if you lost don't be bought
hurt but congratulations and next time I
do contest
just have faith in that you're gonna won
just do the same thing cuz you're gonna
be probably God it's never gonna be me
you never know it might be you here I'm
gonna send a Lambo live for you
alright I'm signing this Lambo live for
you boom congratulations dude hi guys
thank you so much for watching this
daily vlogs I really really appreciate
all your daily support of them and
mara is gonna be a very fun vlog not
tomorrow after tomorrow after tomorrow
we'll go to MGK so yeah and tomorrow's
gonna be fun vlog too so every day is a
fun day on my channel right so anyways
guys thank you so much for everything
don't forget the thumbs up I love you
you're the best you're great
I completely blown away from your
support all your awesome comments so
thank you let's keep doing that
let's see I know
