I'm gonna get back it's easy
change it Anthony i'ma keep our IQ today
I'm taking to the beat from the SW to
the entity I don't know what song is
this it just showed up but what's up my
villains what is up it is a beautiful
day out and guess what's going on right
now guess what's going on I was heading
to the gym they drink this pre-workout
I'm super wired and and I need to go
make that visa because I got a lot of
things to submit for gracious so I'm
heading back home right now to get my
bank statements to get my green card to
get my passport to get my health
insurance and yeah and my flight
information a my hotel information but
I'm not saying you know time staying in
a yacht so I don't know how this is
going to be wish me guys locked but I'm
heading right now to get my visa because
time is short I'm leading on the 7th
these gas prices ain't cheap they're not
cheap uh and I got to get the lead one -
I'm getting the 91 oh my god I'm paying
five dollars per gallon well I am in
Beverly Hills but I need gas ASAP I got
30 miles left and with my engine I don't
know what those 30 miles gonna last
probably two minutes but I'm not worried
I'm not worried one day I'm not worried
I'm not worried
I'm not worried at all one day one day
just think you're gonna get it you're
gonna get it just like I thought YouTube
oh I'm never going to be a big youtuber
I studied YouTube in three months I got
60 subscribers I gave up I gave up
YouTube like I have no chance
all those these are not real everybody I
don't know what's going on on YouTube
nothing huh and then I attempted to do
YouTube one more time and it worked
awesome so if you want to start YouTube
channel be consistent don't just upload
a video and five months later upload
another one and expect to have a million
subscribers be consistent at least twice
a week at least that's how I started yo
I don't know if I told you guys but I'm
doing juice cleans cleanse juice cleanse
for how long am i doing it for I'm gonna
do it until I leave so I'm gonna do it
for like nine days until it looks pretty
I'm gonna get these
juice buns is right here you guys
thought I was playing look at this old
number one two three four five six
twelve days look at this that's just for
three days after three days I'm gonna
come back and get more just in case if
they go bad I don't know how it works I
wanted to freshen up you know I always
wanted fresh so yeah
Croatia got weak you're not ready for my
six-pack doughnut from telling you I'm
telling you I'm telling so I just had a
crazy awesome workout and check this out
look what's park next to my car look at
this Lamborghini this is old-school and
it's sick Wow I think this is better
than even the new ones what yours is
guys anybody know what yours this this
is sick and here's my baby but like I
said earlier in the blog one day one day
oh and by the way when I went to the
embassy today they said you got to come
back tomorrow because the walk-ins are
from 8 a.m. to 12:00 to 12:00 to noon so
it's 12 p.m. so I gotta come back
tomorrow
fingers crossed hope I get that visa bla
this is so nasty I can't believe I'm
drinking this look at this look what's
in it oh I got to do what I got to do
got to lose that weight got to get my
body clean before I consumed alcohol I'm
gonna consume in Croatia
now I'm kidding I'm not drinking guys
are you crazy I don't drink
all right guys I'm headed to Culver City
right now to meet up with Alex Mandel
cuz I haven't seen him in a long time so
it'd be nice to catch up with him he's
at the taco shop but some taco famous
talking thing I don't know but I'm super
hungry and I'm not going to eat as you
can see I got my bottles right here
don't ask what I'm drinking I don't know
what I'm drinking so I'm starving I have
to do this for eight more days till I go
to creation if my visa gets approved I
don't know they're full of surprises now
but anyways on to the good news
MGK is gonna be performing in LA in
couple days Machine Gun Kelly I'm a big
fan of his and I was at his show in 2013
with Kirk and it was a really funny
story because we paid for the
meet-and-greet and I was in line to go
see him and somebody told him that I was
there in line so he ran out grabbed me
and took me to his meetup whatever and
we talked for a little bit and it was
just so awesome like Machine Gun Kelly
watches my videos it was awesome his
music is true inspiration the contact
about that night is he pulled me and
Kirk on stage two years I'm a wild boy
song I'm a while but I'm sure you guys
heard that song and I was completely
wasted there's somebody there's a video
online of that on YouTube like from the
crowd do you see me he asked me if I
live he's like doing even fucking lifts
I can't believe what are you doing here
blah blah blah and then the song started
playing and me and Kirk had just and me
and Kirk just went crazy on that stage
so I'm super excited to see him because
he has new songs his new albums coming
out I'm super pumped so Brendan and I
are gonna go see him and Brendan's
flying in actually in couple hours and I
won't be able to pick him up because of
my small trunk so I'm gonna call his ass
anumber
yo chill
I just got two Alexes in the first two
minutes I got fucked by his dog what's
up bro I've been seeing a long time how
are you a deal it's up what's up what
the world nah man I haven't yeah this
dog is awesome it's like a fat and lazy
well it's not fat its how did these dogs
all right but the way the breed is it
sounds like it's like what come on come
here
come on you guys want to see look oh he
just not now once my shoelace
no no shoelace hey dude hi my leg my leg
my leg only go my leg
are y'all machinae I invited shoes don't
you
oh she he's deep in fucking him why
being shy in front of it all right
you know my leg I think we came he
doesn't want me anymore you always play
with everybody like this mom I dig hey
high five high five high five high five
bro sit sit sit sit sit sit sit
high five good boy good boy
bro I thought Dimitri was the hip man
what is this Dimitri needs to have a box
like this what's inside of it dimitri
needs this
Oh God imagine you do a prank imagine
you can do a prank with it it's you know
imagine you can do a prank with it I'll
just go like little it to the bus stop
and just pull this out give my Russian
hitman yeah I think I seen this gun else
eventually that's cool one of this the
size of it so what is this again why
don't you tell them this is the Smith &
Wesson 460 and guys don't worry before
we check it out everything is clear what
you know you wanted to vlog something I
have a vlog Russian roulette
just put it in your head spin upon your
head and shoot it I think it's fair oh
yeah
oh my god that's that's bad oh okay I
got a thumbnail Russian Roulette title
what why you can't point it you're good
guy no you can't point gun pointed at
anyone bye guys bye
let the comments roll in oh why so why
you just say you unloaded and there's no
bullet so that means the magic blue
you're sweating I just you're sweating I
don't like to watch anyone have like a a
gun way imagine that my brain would be
right right right there yes
and then they would think the cops will
come and they would they would think you
killed me did I yeah body pull the
trigger what if I pull a trigger it up
nah dude I enough drugs guys don't do
this at home sorry leave it up he leave
it just leave it
the best dealer you're looking at FBI
agent what is all this stuff are you
playing twitch right now i'm on twitch i
me playing call of duty on twitch i'm
showing you how how this works
this looks pretty sick green screen you
should go guys tell vitaly you want him
to start going on twitch you guys you
play fifa yeah I would play FIFA but who
would watch me on Twitch do people did
they know which which is right everybody
knows what switches yeah Wow
so yeah I don't know I get this call of
duty i never played call of duty
yeah we've got some a team watching us
right now through twitch look at all
those comments rolling in and i just
played this game and I didn't mean last
souther not 30 seconds and 30 seconds I
got killed five what is this Call of
Duty what advanced more natural reborn
just got home guys and I'm super hungry
and guess what I'm gonna have to do oh
God I'm looking at myself I'm so tired
Brenda should be here any second guys
and then tomorrow it's on baby
putting Brandon to work cuz we're gonna
go shoot some more pranks woo can't wait
ah damn it
deep I've hurt my hand yesterday and you
scared shit I knew you're gonna fucking
you she's gonna do it welcome growth
Tampa oh my God look even good brawl you
lost a lot of weight
are you ready for Croatia 40 pounds on
how long three four months four months I
can't believe you here are you ready to
go to creation for the yacht week I'm
losing weight - yeah all right let's get
this gun welcome bro
so look at this Brenda got to my
apartment and look at this - la I should
say - it look he's ready to work bro you
ready to work it's midnight it's what I
am and you want to film already Wow he's
ready all right anyways guys thank you
so much for watching this vlog and I'll
surely see you tomorrow for sure
and we're gonna go film when you prank
and we're gonna work hard for you guys
so I can't wait to see you tomorrow all
right
don't forget to thumbs up you know what
to do I love you and to see that you
okay
Oh
