what's up villains another day with
Vitaly that's right what's up guys I
hope you're doing fine I'm doing
absolutely fantastic this is a late
start for the vlog because it's already
7:00 p.m. and about to head to my
friend's house a girlfriend's house to
chill for a little bit and I did a lot
today I went to the gym this morning
because Croatia is coming up you know
your boy got to get a nice little body
and then I filmed a new prank I filmed
another main channel prank
Brendan's coming in tomorrow I'm super
excited to pick him up because we're
gonna kill it this week I know I've been
saying a lot I'm just warning you I know
you guys all want to hear that sound
right I know what you wanna
that sounded sexy
fire flames fire flames I just got to
the homies house what's up what's up
what is up where we going to eat she was
across the street I've never been there
but she says apparently a lot of
celebrities go there really I don't know
anyway I'm just gonna grab a salad he's
a freakin damn hungry salad oh yeah what
are you gonna get you need to grow a
little bit so you must you gonna eat
some protein and you're 16
come on Doug your 60th it sounds wrong
oh this is my stripper cart in Vegas
okay what I'm gonna get - can I just get
a water bottle please what would lemon
yeah they making it like a non-gaming
entertainers license so guys I have a
challenge for you today in the comments
you have to guess her age old do you
think I am
Cheers so much for that salad look at
this mac and cheese with chicken this
you see had on stop that's yeah that's
good thank you
so she she just bought me dinner I don't
think I ever had a girl do that that is
absolutely crazy
thank you yeah I didn't know she just
like jump on the table like she's going
to the bathroom and she bought me dinner
and we had a couple of drinks but yeah
Wow looks like I met the first girl
that's not a gold digger that's okay but
I like that she's honest
gold digger detected yo your girl is a
dancer look at that she's sitting up a
pole who wants to see a left like a pole
crazy dance we're about to see she's
about to bust some moves she said she
got some moves you think got some moves
Oh
and yeah it's I you can let that come
off
Wow
you like what you see
it's awfully sweet this is hilarious
since I was lighting her the camera my
iPhone camera was on the front so he'd
even know I was vlogging nude I was
logged I was logging you man hi guys as
you know I collect these cars so I got
two at home no I got more than two at
home I just got to
I collect every color so I don't think I
have these maybe I did I don't know but
I just started collecting them but then
I realized if you look at these cars
every day you're gonna have one right
it's the energy right you need one that
hole man you had these type of cars off
but you can't go without chocolate can't
go without chocolate
what should I get for the chocolate I
don't know yet forever sure no that's
for their bounty about yes yes yes
that's nice this is the colors I have
this is I got the black one but it's a
different type of Lambo so I'm gonna add
this one I feel like that's that vented
or damn in rush I saw the same one with
a cop car ah I should have got it
damn it oh man oh wait nevermind am I
blind
I got this color already God all right
since I already got the scholar guys I'm
gonna sign this no way I'm gonna sign
this and ship it to somebody in the
memory of gold digger pranks who wants
this guys who wants this who wants this
little Lambo who wants it
eyebrows up passed out last night but as
I said just make a comment I want to win
this Lambo under these YouTube comments
under this video
under this youtube comment under this
video just say I want to win this Lambo
Vitaly and I'll pick a random one and I
will sign it for you and ship it out
alright guys well thank you for all the
daily support once again I'm keeping it
up with these vlogs and I love it I'm
getting addicted baby thank you so much
for watching don't forget to thumbs up
thumbs up I want everybody to thumbs up
let's see how many thumbs up we can get
can we do that or no please please
anyways I'll see you guys tomorrow right
that's Danya I can go just set up and
set the engine up I can do the steering
suspension then I can go if I want to
take it on the racetrack it's right here
