alright alright alright
what is up my villains
I'm here with this lady smiled that was
a quick one
what's up my villains how you doing are
you doing great because I'm doing great
what's up villains hi so chillin here
eating and I came with some I came
across to some homies what's up guys
brother yeah look at look at his
breakfast look at that breakfast bread I
want you to ask me how my pancakes were
today oh okay houses bang cakes
I'm definitely talking to that gorilla
gonna get why feel how much I didn't go
did you guys hear that
I don't know every night is many a all
improv straight up top it's easy with
the vlogs because it's the day but I
want to do my brain sits really hard but
the daily logs already know it's like a
day
you just upload on the timeline and Matt
hook us up with some delete go Cheers GJ
me
like about Trevor what's up baby that's
that's my ex-boyfriend by the way if you
guys didn't he's a little shy
what stopped him softer nice breakfast
with Amy I'm headed to my mom's house to
pick her up and we're gonna watch tattoo
I thought I spoke to Dennis and he said
it's a really really funny movie so I
gotta go see previous vlog I asked if I
should go to creation and I can't
believe how many people how many of you
villains said yeah you should go to
creation you have fans you have fans
here so I'm super excited I got to get
my visa because of my visa uh
I have a Russian passport with the
Russian passport you know they don't
trust Russians anywhere so you got to
make a visa and for Brendan he has to
renew his passport Brendan's coming
Monday I'm super excited for him to come
out because we're gonna destroy the
YouTube game Batali's coming back he's
coming back really really really really
strong so I'm super excited about that
yeah look at this my mom got that
popcorn game well it's actually for me
it's you see I got this right and I got
a bunch of some of your bunch of punch
got to do I haven't done it in a while I
got to get that yacht week Kaneesha body
yeah I got to get the Quraish uh body
but you just got to do you got to do
what you got to do okay here we go
came to see the movie I'll give myself
well what are you doing chicken Caesar
route improper yeah and scribe alright
guys I want to show you something that's
gonna change the game you see this this
is popcorn
this is bunch of crunch ready that's how
you did
no even see you see no forget the people
around me think I'm crazy I'm gonna put
right here you mix that up
ice cream give me the whole table that's
right that's why seasonal ID me oh my
good
your boy some guys soldier oh yeah
that's enough more than I mean seemed
like stairs and you hook it up hell yeah
and you nice I don't want to say holy
shit about this I don't but it's fucking
holy shit this is good sorry she she
like that I guess
hmm Wow Wow oh my god oh my god
yeah yeah what no oh my god no fuck huh
what's up
you can't go here what's up thank you do
you want to be in my log don't get hit
by a car that's the last time you'll be
my log
hey um actually I'll have a question for
your hero oh I have I want to back by
Graham you donate 10% of our retail
value towards building schools in Africa
mm-hmm right and it's like school
leather backpacks that they're duffle
bags in the weekend or scooter so I'm
gonna send you one oh really
like yeah all right it's just on your
blog yeah you're so cute I'm just I'm
just sorry don't stop you
you're so you're so cute all right guys
it's all a lot of questions you guys
been asking me what kind of car do I
Drive some of you know some of you don't
so I Drive a drug or f-type and you
wanted to check it out inside and you
want me to show you the futures and
stuff so yeah I got like extra futures
right now my dynamic modes means it's
super loud and super fast hold on let
her focus nice little black racing flag
right here so dynamic mode boom
I can go to set up and set the engine up
I can do the steering suspension then I
can go if I want to take it on the
racetrack it's right here if I want to
go drift that's what they told me at the
store when I bought the car
they said it for drew if you want to
drift it just shows you degrees or
whatnot
so um what else and gas pedal and break
I got the graph of that let me see
oh it shows how much I press the brake
and another cool thing is I can change
the lights right here in the car let's
put it to road is this color sexy oh wow
look at that sexy what else what else I
got the sports mode we can also put the
exhaust in or out obviously you can open
the roof
I don't know a lot of cool things so the
reason I started talking about my car is
because of the comments and it's because
I got it clean look at this 20 bucks at
the Grove you can clean your car for
twenty dollars look how thick this is my
car was like a it looked like a garbage
can from outside look at this it's
pretty sick
yep now you know guys what I draw so let
me know more questions that you always
wonder it and you wanted answer for so
let me know in the comments below what
else you guys want to know about me
alright my friends I'm gonna call that a
night thank you guys so much watching
this vlog uh it was a pretty laid-back
day tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow
I'm filming a new prank I'm super
excited you guys looks like you guys
love this vlog so I'm gonna keep doing
once again I'm super excited yesterday I
thought I missed a day like yesterday I
didn't think I have enough vlog footage
so freaked out but I realized it didn't
have enough footage I'm definitely
getting addicted to this vlog thank you
guys so much for supporting me on these
uh vlogs once again and I'll see you
guys tomorrow does he die oh yeah my
fellow Russian is gonna win
