what's up villains I'm back in LA with
this dude we're here at Hollywood
Boulevard we've got to film when you
prank I just uploaded a new prank if you
haven't seen it check it out how to pick
up Russian girls but I'm back in a work
mode first day back and I'm already out
in the streets of Hollywood pulling
pranks and yeah as I told you Britain's
coming in a couple days of belief so
right now I got Christian my only
Christian filming it we're filming a
very interesting Frank but I think that
had been done before maybe has but let's
see what about to get some headphones
we got headphones nope okay we gotta go
we gotta go it's filming video just take
it what you film it for for my youtube
channel yeah I was gonna say back again
back again check you check him out this
guy that total lift look at that see you
guys
what's a public sidewalk what right here
okay here okay all right but it's public
so I'm gonna listen to what do you mean
this is not it weighs the line this is
this is product all right I just wanted
to do okay I respect me too we're
filming a hidden-camera show here yeah
all right every good Christian here
thank you sir I respect no worry of
course of course
were you from Romania oh no isn't it
yeah
Hey
the prank is actually doing really
really good but now it's time to
recharge a little bit with the nice
little burritos what do you think about
the prank so far reaction funny dialogue
it's going great mr. Dustin Bell come on
just do a fire line first first first
try first try Thursday's damn so we're
filming here with fish on Hollywood
Boulevard and we're getting some gold
footage gold
I haven't felt so good about a video in
a while this is good well Russian girls
are good but this is really good staying
out true true Frank let's push this guy
no you stop pretending like I don't know
you
yeah I know you do you remember what you
did to me last summer tell the camera
tell the family huh no speak English I
stomach around the finger see you liked
the gusta stomach around the pinger oh
yeah oh we I like you can you give me a
kiss a Christian and I got this dope
spot I don't know what it's called but
these juices are in saying I gotta
orange juice watermelon strawberry
blackberry and honey
no sugar just straight-up fruit also
sour and so go try yours
four hours out he's still filming still
getting still in our grind so getting
the best reaction as we can don't stop
alright guys so I just got back home
Christian left and I had a successful
day of filming it's awesome to be back
in my game and if you're wondering what
I'm doing I'm reading a script for a
movie that I got offer it and I'm super
super super super excited you know it
might be my first movie so meeting the
director tomorrow and the producer early
morning so I don't have enough time
because I still have to edit the prank
and edit the vlog for you guys so I'm
going over the script and the movie is
very very interesting I can't tell you
much more about it but it definitely
fits my part definitely fits my part I
hope I get the role I hope you guys wish
me luck I also got invited to barracks
tomorrow barracks skate park I don't
know if you know every cost and Paul
Rodriguez and all those skaters skated
all the time and they have a Battle of
The Berrics or whatever it's called they
play game of skate so all the pros are
gonna be there it's exclusive invite so
I got a like a plus five I invited
Christian Dustin but the sneaking on his
own Dustin the skater he can go on his
own he has his connections but what's
his name
Kurt from Utah he's escaped him this he
was so excited he's actually planning to
fly out and I think that's crazy he's
just nuts it's like literally less than
24 hours away he's like I'm coming I'm
coming I'm coming I'm coming
oh my god so I'm super excited Kirk is
gonna come for the weekend I'm still
gonna film on Saturday and I'm gonna
film tomorrow so I got a meeting
tomorrow I got to film when you prank
tomorrow I gotta go in to collect it for
another meeting tomorrow and I got the
barracks tomorrow so tomorrow's gonna be
a very long day after reading two hours
of the script it's finally over and it
was entertaining this movie is gonna be
awesome
I hope I get the part I'm not sure but
it's midnight I've been reading this
script I'm super tired I gotta edit this
vlog and what else I wanted to I wanted
to tell you something but I forgot I
wanted to tell you what I was gonna tell
you also is I got invited to creation
don't have any pans in Croatia so I got
invited to creation to go for five days
in the middle of July I'm not sure if
I'm gonna go
want to go for the vlogs but I also
don't want to go because I want to work
really hard for you guys and really bang
these six months out full of pranks and
daily vlogs I'm gonna be vlogging in LA
but I feel like if I go to Croatia it's
gonna be really awesome so let me know
in the comments what I should do I don't
know I probably should stay and do main
Channel videos what do you guys think up
to you anyways I know this vlog was
super short but thank you guys so much
for watching I filmed a new prank today
I feel good I can't wait to upload it
for you guys I'm gonna edit it and it
will be up soon so if you made it to the
end don't forget to thumbs up I love you
wish me luck on this part hope I get it
and I hope you see your boy in the movie
let's see Daniel Feeney and super stick
