what's up villains I hope you're doing
fantastic thank you so much for watching
these Moscow trips thank you for
everything before I start this vlog I'm
going to give a special thanks to jet
Raider for flying me and Dennis out
basically this how you use it you type
in Los Angeles where you're flying from
and then Moscow and then you click enter
search tickets it's a great app to use
it's really easy and fast I suggest you
guys using it the tickets are $600 $700
717 I really want to thank them because
they flew me out with a spontaneous trip
to Moscow to my mother country I got to
see my grandma I got to see my grandpa
so thank you check out the links in the
description if you are interested here
is the last two days in Moscow in one
blog I hope you enjoy
what is up guys I'm back in Moscow
should say what is up my villains I'm
here with my bodies you remember them
from the previous vlog they pick me up
from the airport what a geez I didn't
have to take a taxi and he drives like a
maniac nah actually safe drivers well
we're about to go eat and two days
before to go back to LA so we're going
to go meet people watch and yeah plan
out my Frankfurt tomorrow chill all
right so we're drinking me over here we
got our new friend here what's your name
bro
mark mark so this guy and I decided
we're gonna have a competition there's
no wireless microphone here but we're
gonna have a competition 5 out of 5 he's
gonna walk up to 5 girls he's gonna see
how many numbers he can get and I'm
gonna welcome to five girls and see how
many numbers I'll get and we're gonna
zoom in to each girl you're not gonna
hear what I say but he's gonna come and
I'm gonna just read his lips and be like
yeah that's what he's saying so you
ready for a competition all right he's
going for it all right hurry up oh he's
going for it
you go for he's going for his dome for
he's going for it
oh you don't explain to me explain to
the camera what happened she stopped he
made it in English
why did you start seeking Russia he's
big Russia it's just that's the less she
was being disrespectful what was she
saying
tell me Oh close she was like all the
sparks
my system
yes I'm hanging out here and this guy
thinks he can hang out my girl what's up
do you say hi
shush this is my girlfriend this is you
guy that she just found I don't know
where she picked him up from yeah
go be mad okay well she's not my
girlfriend anymore because she's wearing
hooker heels and so she's not my girl
I'm nice so we're in his car right now
I'm about to do a sexy photo shoot look
at her what's up what's your name - her
name is dasha she's about to do a photo
shoot with me all that sound
- aboard a passenger the pros knew de la
pimienta statement
can we just fucking get this over but
this is the guy Camilo here what are you
doing man what did you do this sticker
you you're crazy
yes so many girls she's the best high
five
so mark beat us in the competition by
the way if you guys wondering what
happened I got zero I got on one fucking
Facebook into English I got a photo
shoot what's up villains so I'm getting
to my character as a Russian hitman and
look at this I need a tight eye and look
at her she's staying a type for me a
woman is tying my tie for me isn't that
crazy
I just didn't want to do on camera look
at that oh la la what yang is nice vas
Kiki tricky washes brush Luba she sets a
controversy
so da betta doll alright guys well we've
been filming all day there's a Russian
hitman in Russia and I don't know if it
worked out what do you think it's kind
of weak reactions what shit that's a
guys like you speak English can you
speak English right oh it's time for the
Russian hitman to stop
well anyways guys I'm leaving tomorrow
about 9 a.m. I would say 9 a.m.
yeah and it sucks that I didn't get to
finish my Russian hitman prank what I
wanted I can still do it but just not
working out and just wasting my time
trying and trying and trying and try
nothing works out it's been a long day
so we're gonna try something else maybe
I don't know maybe I'll try it again
we'll see give it a shot but last day on
the beautiful Red Square chillin this
guy's taking awesome pictures I think I
think some shots will great was great
you think yeah I don't know I gotta I
gotta bring quality man I gotta bring
quality anyways thank you guys very much
for everything
what an action hitman we'll be back the
Russian hitman is looking for Putin
we're looking for Putin can you help me
were to find Putin what Putin where is
Putin Putin Putin over there
no no no my machine where are you Oh No
Putin is over there oh no man please put
it over this is the last day in Moscow
and yeah I'm here with my boys you're
gonna be like where's the girls the
girls left why I didn't record them
because they didn't want to be reported
so it's a lovely Moscow drinking eating
pizza so a couple interesting things
that happen tonight this one
Chacho can you tell me a little bit more
about ChaCha yeah billions so we've been
drinking chachi chachi is basically from
where from our medium bro sharmini
people will know what touches yeah yeah
of course
okay another thing is that this guy what
was your name again
Salaam that when I ran in the World Cup
he bet his friend that I might you speak
English to tell the story
I bet my friends five granule he bet me
that Batali whatever that's like almost
150 bucks
you would have run out on the stadium
diamonds are crazy dude and he didn't I
lost my 5 grand to my 3 MUX so I think I
was a really interesting story
so they telling me I can't fly out this
window what floor is this 12:12 12/12
I can definitely fly out of it I can
definitely fly why why wow you know
damage um I'm gonna be now I you know
maybe nothing you know they call me what
one Superman no I can definitely the
don't judge me and judge me alright guys
thank you so much for coming to Moscow
with me I hoped you enjoyed it I'm going
to continue vlogging in the lake Brendan
actually flying out I'm flying him out
the film natural born pranksters behind
the scenes I'm going to be vlogging like
this POV style don't worry but he's
going to be shooting my main channel
pranks so stay tuned for a lot of pranks
and I think I'm going to be uploading
twice on the second channel I vlog in a
new thing that I want to create
basically for my second channel anyways
two videos one in the morning one at
night and at least five main channel
videos a month so stay tuned alright
guys if you make it to the end don't
forget to thumbs up thank you so much
for everything I love you and I'll see
you tomorrow
besa Danya not suppose when you lie
naked but dinky Ratna Nance are called
they want the boots back
