what's up village welcome to another
vlog last night was cray cray cray cray
credible go you guys party kind of hard
here not gonna like but I look at our
view
oh wow this is the pool I was wondering
where to pull the whole time and then
there's a beach right there it reminds
me a lot about like Bali or Tyler what
do you think it's a beautiful stage so
tropical here so nice yesterday were
friendly oh my god highest man this is
my friend she's gonna help me pick out
desserts okay I won this one which we
wish you would get a plate oh my God
look at this look at this what we got
here boss that's a rooty-pooty that's in
fish that's a pan-fried and that's a
kebab thank you so much this is so nice
and we have like we have two shots
here's a drink I have another drink and
I have another vodka sprite
we're going less than 24 hours I'm gonna
make the most out of it right Nima yeah
all right here we go here we go let's
see look
so which one is a spicy one you asking
for what level I want I said seven ok
let's try it out so reduced and out of
seven yup let's see how that's hot
what are the would've little cold this
is homestyle chicken curry sure here I
put a note with on top of rice thanks
nice
just wow so Nima yo yo where we're going
right now we're going back to to Lhasa
Greek restaurant and starting up but
we're going to tell ASSA our Christmas
celebration there oh and there's another
cow so we're gonna go and just see where
it takes us but I would have no plans no
nothing the money problem is so big here
that we don't have any cash free on
their credit cards and this is our boss
what's up driver for there to name sir
oh my god another cow
Oh
me
listen
before
whooshing again
VIP
became a Buddhist
so he didn't I
you made it from Mumbai this guy rotten
out you're the first white person I met
in India
what's up and this beautiful mother how
are you anyway she's eating
we were just ate we're having some
drinks we're gonna go out so this is a
great spot sorry by the way were
supposed to leave tomorrow we're
actually extending one night and it's so
hot hi thanks for taking care of us she
said this isn't business because all you
did is show everybody you're the biggest
guy in India bro chill out chill out bro
even if she'll out on that juice dawg
I'm taking up this guy we're the best I
never ever thank you Adam you're gonna
go home change and you're gonna meet us
three two one
that was the slowest thing I ever seen
in my life fucking slowly I'm kidding
I'm kidding
oh man this is so much fun you guys
think you guys heard this guy how many
u-turns are gonna make like they didn't
teach you how to drive we just got to
the hotel what are you doing bro the
cart is not gonna go anywhere bros why
is the key working with every key just
because you have a just like magic match
like magic mushrooms I go this let's go
bro you're fucking crazy
no at 26
how many troubles boring the journey
that Stephanie clone is now right now
grab my hat you're amazing big man
you're a brain so I'm spending it thank
you so much brother
wow what a beautiful sunset with my
girlfriend so where we at broke back
into a beach goa are you sure cha-cha hi
how are you you're good first it that's
cause she yeah green photos via that
this jewel this is no money all the go
like that we can get married
no you got bootcamp three two one let's
go please do one go
what no I doubt what man I think you
need to also predict Sonia and I
supposed to be going to Dubai and the
flights keep getting canceled there's a
huge fight we were actually traveling
from Goa
what's up villains welcome to another
vlog well today I'm actually in Dubai
and if you were wondering why would
there was no vlogs for three days cuz
Goa got crazy and that's the vlog you
guys watched yesterday that's like
combination of three days my vlog camera
broke again but this time it's a final
break I'm here with Sultan and his new
truck sick truck yeah and then we got
Ruby Ruby what's up little French sheet
little Frenchie ah my elephants they're
my part of a stick French for them okay
boys want to see I do buy just pack any
for second is it good okay now for any
kids anyway just kidding
but if you weren't wondering what's
under my lip this is me smoking a dog
with a lighter in Goa and I let my slip
on fire instead of the Doha that's how a
drunk I got at least I'm being honest
anyways right now we're headed to Dubai
Mall I got a shop I gotta buy my mom a
present and my mom is coming in about
seven hours and welcome to the buy vlogs
once again look at so constructs
this monster ass truck Wow maybe I need
to get one of these guys look at this
SiC look at all the railings inside
me so I couldn't get the vlog camera I
couldn't get my mama present because all
my cards are blocked so thank God I told
my mom to bring cash at my cards and
still talk worry in the house slow down
you're my first friend in Dubai thank
you so much I thank you for your
hospitality you showed me so much love
bruh bruh thank you I love you too Ron
thanks ed City this is we just got the
city walk right you walk - city walk
look at the cars you walk into city walk
BAM Range Rover
Rolls Royce Rolls Royce all these cars
Oh what an amazing place and then you
guys wondering why I want to move here
this is why I want to move you
stress-free City stress-free and uh what
else do I have to tell you yes I am
better than gold for the all the gold
that goes out there I'm better than gold
so we just sat down for dinner with the
boys what's up guys how are you oh this
place uh focus rocks I get this some
time thank you for bringing me here so
what is your sister's friend or cousin
your cousin cousin cousins fair if you
guys in Dubai and you want to try good
food I suggest you guys to eat here this
is nice pregame food and then we're
heading out with the boys but first I
got a check-in hotel and this phone I
can I need a vlog camera tomorrow so
this is the by fog we have no freaking
idea where the fuck yeah holy music you
guys oh my god
you
that's not how was the long flight oh
sorry I'm with a girl but I'm glad I got
in time with you how are you okay it's
nice to see you love you mom how are you
how's the fight you just leave you tired
you look tired
okay good you're gonna go sleep well
another long day oh sorry you have a
long day tomorrow obviously you are you
happy there in Dubai I say hi to the
villains do you have anything else you
had a backpack okay cool so it's the
next day me and my mom walked around
with them all for about three hours I
went to get her a present and it's so
hot
Dubai so hot the mall so hot so much
walking around this is the biggest mall
in the world Dubai Mall Downtown Dubai
and honestly I went to four stores and
we took about three hours right mom how
are you feeling did you get some sleep
three and a half hours let me see if I
switched the camera what it does anyways
I want to give you your present I wanted
to buy you this for a long time and it
was bothering me like I've wanted to buy
it like for like two years now it was
bothering me not two years left for a
year you know how New Year's and
celebrate stop talking woody are you
oh yeah it's so serious
it says no I you're just for you to open
this this is really open this
I use just open it just I have to buy
okay well you can waste of money are you
serious
thank you god I'm gonna have a heart
attack just open it right now just shut
up open it and enjoy your watch this is
something that you can have it for the
rest of your life and oh no I'm shaking
now why you need this it's a Rolex
family you need it you do so much for
one - yeah this is why can we market
shit it's not a anyways you did so much
for me in my life you need this like and
you know how I treat you and I'll just
have a nice watch and you got to fit in
in Dubai nobody you have to fit in if
you're never yeah you got it
just just just open up I just want you
to look at the lodge we just enjoyed
this enjoy just enjoy this enjoy open it
nice and slow
beautiful okay enjoying your watch
are you crazy you know my yeah I had to
buy this for a long time
diamonds diamonds oh they get fitted for
your stuff like that oh my god how to
open it I don't know how to open this
cause you need to be fitted or he does
are you see me like I don't know
I mean why not I love it but let me tell
you something yes I know you're looking
at this again it's getting better see in
a heartbeat but well we don't have
herpes anyway anyways look at the man
himself eyes jeez what's up bro
come on look at you cutie so this is
actually December 31st we're like six
hours how long exactly give me the 8506
that means how long we're we're no I
want exact time that means for about 54
that means we're that means 6 hours and
54 minutes away from New Year's and
what's the plans I have zero plans right
now I'm getting a haircut and have never
I always get haircuts by my mom this is
gonna be weird if this guy fuck's up my
hair man my head let me see your hair
now well you need to hear I need a
haircut hopefully I get my hands with
nada but the guy looks legit Rothfeld
the 9-day is amazing alright anyways
we're about to have lunch and let's see
what the adventure takes us right guys
so I just got to graffia and this guy's
gonna come my hair what's your name um
Mohammed so if you guys need a haircut
in Dubai , is the best one I'm not gonna
judge now let's see you down through my
haircut
maybe I want my money back but all right
let's see it this is my hair now 3 2 1
and this is me with a haircut and this
is my haircut I'm maxing my nose oh I'm
crying right now
thanks boss is very nice so what you
beautiful great man thank you so much
what do you guys think
ah let's say that's not know what is it
oh how is it oh it's just fucking bird
no I want to go with a booger like this
a row Hey ladies
so just get a haircut Aziz nice right
the guy's good you too my height is
better I think - ha ha so we go to
Atlantis tonight and after Lana's we're
gonna go to the villa with Yasha Nima
and everybody but check out this body
kid how amazing is this body kid yeah
I'm in love with this body kid I love
this body kid what's up this is so sick
this is Battaglia Qatar is he a
battalion is your car yeah this body kid
is amazing Wow
I'm in love with this car so you just
got his Instagram in his number because
I actually want this kid and guess what
he did what do you do it play get this
caution who like with the best body gift
or this body can't the best custom job
so there's Bali people with Lambos and
you know he's beefed up the edges for
the defensive lock new tires new rims
your suspension the engines completely
done up like it's the first place and
here first place last night
wow dude I'm gonna I'm gonna call this
guy up he doesn't himself that's the
show even he just got ready we're about
to head to Atlantis but question of the
day is rosemary carb you be the judge
leave me comments below and I mod got
fresh here what does it say in Arabic
this means peace and harmony
that's cute Aziz is about to get ready
as he's got the clothes in the car he's
always on the go always on the god my
mom looks beautiful give them a 360 I'm
sure they want a 360 okay great
we're about to head out it's three three
years from New Year's three hours from
years ago and we're about to be excited
about to have fun
so we just got the latest Nobu we got
two hours before New Year's and these
guys are taking care of so much smokers
thank you
oh yeah thanks for having us we're but
the witness is she ate some sushi I'm
crazy
yeah but suppose is Oh mr. adidas how
are you don't dinner no no
what are you doing how many pictures are
you going to take tonight oh by the way
guys we're going to Bahamas for I tell
you something about it I'm going to a
poker tournament and we're going to be
staking alanis butt
what up your final picture let's do it
oh yeah what's up do you want to be in
the vlog see something cool
why is the shahi they have been here to
the villain to the villains Happy New
Year villains that's right that's good
what are you guys from ok thanks nice
meeting you guys
No
all right villains we just left this
place Atlantis they promised us
fireworks and I'll tell you one thing
about the fireworks hold on before it
start before I wish you guys have been
here what first of all happy new year
but before I do my speech
the only thing like I celebrating the
bikers the buyers the best fireworks
that has everything
I miss the fireworks in Atlantis they
know I know
hold on they promised this fireworks at
that club were and I didn't see nothing
so how dedicated I was I climb I climbed
on the roof and I tried to film the
fireworks through your eyes as you spot
but 2017 guys villains obviously nothing
but the best whatever you wishes
whatever you had come true whatever you
want to accomplish whatever you want to
conquer please be this year let's forget
all the years that we celebrated 2017 I
wish you guys nothing but the best and
don't be scared of anything in life like
zero if you want to achieve something
achieve it I did a speech in two vlogs
with NEMA two logs back but basically
saying my wish was ahead of thousand
subscribers now I have nine million that
blows my mind and I'm basically just
singing at them the speech that whatever
you want to achieve in this life you
can't you get anything right as yes yes
the word impossible is not in our DNA
the word impossible is not in our
dictionary Wow
was that improv yeah yeah come on you
upset too about the fireworks you might
I bitched y'all because you promised me
the firework but then I double-checked
with the people and everybody promised
is gonna be right about losses get to
wait another year have to wait another
year I have to wait I have brother
another year 365 days yeah 65 in how
many hours hi guys that means my mom
just said we have to stay here we have
to stay for another three to five days
yeah because I heard next year I heard
this year 2017 December planes gone
wrong at all things this guy does for
you guys are watching you have no idea
you know when he jumps up like what
three pillars
he went up like as to climb Alicia the
pole I figured I was moving speakers
movie he jumps up onto the roof yes just
giving idea how high up talking about
like my god
if I have five five five fellow would've
lost my lives before right think food
took me yeah he jumped up that high just
to get a no bill fridge for you guys
let's all I kidding guys I'm honestly I
did this for you guys going you guys did
amazing and I want to share my life with
you and I'm not gonna lie most upset
that ending vlog the real fire like it
was real flowers but it was so why did
you see The probe's blossom who
Security's here
because watch say Happy New Year say
Happy New Year listen listen you holding
the camera yeah cuz I want to get you in
the frame
beautiful
thank you guys so much for watching this
vlog and catching up with me for the
missing week thank you thank you and
once again happy new year nothing is
impossible in this life everything is
possible you just got to believe it and
make it happen please give this log a
big thumbs up and I'll see you guys
tomorrow not tomorrow seeing you for
sure mark my word all right guys let's
say that
