oh great Jupiter's
what's up villains and sorry I have to
be quiet because I'm with my
grandfather's apartment and he just
opened the door I guess he just opens
for anybody I just changed my voice and
I said open up please and he opened he
has no idea that I'm here I'm gonna
surprise him it's probably gonna cry I
don't know if I'm gonna vlog it but I'm
gonna put the vlog camera down
anyways let's do this voila do I care
why he taught him look what your eye
yellow should t be guarding the wrong
ideas serious deal I just got to my
grandfather's house and we ate so much
we ate Khomeini he made coffee for me
he made me cookies you know when the
grandfathers do look at this a handsome
guy what's up dude how are you excuse me
what's up feelings it's a feeling
what's up feelings what's up me them
what's up feelings
what's what's up what's up what's up
grouchy what's up cap villains dealing
ah good I love you grandpa
gee no why'd you do that mmm I you Lydia
oh my god and you ballet sociable a
Kurdish or oceanology it's done yeah he
wants to give me money look at this guy
look at this guy if I was little I used
to take all his money from him from my
grandma and from here for counter-strike
1.6 but now I don't need your money
should I give you some money make a
gimmick that Mister oh fuck up so I was
supposed to be up this barbecue five
hours ago with Andre and I just finally
made it
so uh this look at this this is how
beautiful
this weather was like the first time in
what in years in couple years in five
years it was sunny the whole day without
rain and yesterday for Mormons that's
really unusual look at this
I remember being here in 2008 wasted
over there on that side now push off the
cliff jump jump high so we got to the
spot and look at this beautiful picnic
we got here what's up ladies wave hi say
hi you too
Mila wave I say hi to my friends don't
be shy just each other but I just yeah
come don't be shy okay get ready funsies
sure nobody make it the way we did all
she wanted to be in the video and I
should have on the bottom side what oh
you look so pretty like this oh my God
look how pretty look not like this smile
give it a big smile for America she was
the best mountain or she has the best
model in the world and I already told
her that many times like she's - why you
don't be shy look at them - can i push
you guys off no no though come on
she speaks good English come on I want
to hear some English yeah let's talk
some English sucks - you okay talk to me
talk to me oh my gosh look
sorry guys is getting out of control
here okay
say something
you want sex something sex something sex
something sex yes because I'll say
something it's like something all right
Cheers all right eat it show me how you
eat it look at her she's a naughty
little girl I'll tell you something this
is really good thanks to thanks to this
pretty lady right here and this guy wait
wait wait wait what barbecue cause I
don't like this shit she knows a lot
about me no wonder it's not a tell I
don't want it okay Cheers
I'll give you some this is our picnic
guys like bubble gum fail oh no what a
fail this is busyness innum ennum all
right guys I just got home and guess who
I'm going to introduce you to to my
grandmother tabouleh look TPP busy say
what's up villains
what's up villains yeah he's amazing
what's up villains both Eddie what's up
Dave Camaro excuse me what's up villains
what's that versus villains villains
what's up villains what that feel ah
you're sure sure woo woo so I'm chilling
here at my grandmother's house so this
is where I used to come here every every
new year through here this is the house
well let me show me your house it's
right here this used to be my room it's
a nice little room right here and the
kitchen check it out this is your
typical USSR kitchen look at this yeah
this is where I grew up this is where I
got fat right here
grandmother's look she may be teeth
I'm chillin drinking tea look at all the
candy she has for me look at all the
cookies she just doesn't stop look at
this she just wants me to eat eat eat
eat eat and eat ah the weather's been
beautiful everything's been great I'm
bout to leave look at this this is the
apartment this is all the memories from
right here look at the little Batali is
that a little bit Ali oh my God look at
this guy
who is he this is me a dark oh look at
that that's a funny picture I'm gonna
take a picture of this and be like your
boys going to the army look at this oh
actually I do kind of have crazy news I
got a letter from an army let me read it
to you let me read this ow
you read this it looks like I'm going to
the army guys I got a letter saying dear
bacala's Durov etske
their lives that such as such as such a
dress you are now 23 years old and you
were supposed to turn yourself 18 years
old in Russia it is mandatory to go to
the army you did not provide any
documents neither did your grandma
because my grandma came to the whatever
where you have to turn yourself in and
told them that I study in America and
everything and she could they go you did
not provide any documents that you your
citizenship of America just because you
you go to school there doesn't mean shit
so please turn yourself in or you will
be found in charge - ay ay ay I'm not
going to the army nah nobody's been
looking for me guys I think I just
sprained shuttering I did anybody get
scared like when I was reading it where
you look oh my god oh my god oh my god
anyways guys I hoped you enjoyed this
Russian vlogs I'm going back to Moscow
and then I'm filming one more pranking
and hopping on the plane the next day
let me know if you enjoyed this log
looks like you did with all the reviews
and all the great comments I received
but let me know if I should continue
logging in la alright guys thank you so
much and if you made it to the end don't
forget to thumbs up
I love you take care you guys are great
fabulous Fantastico da svidaniya
so we're chilling here at the club and
look who shows up
