what's up villains how you doing you
wanted to see Russia you wanted to see
where I grew up well I'm on the elevator
of my apartment building and here you go
this is your basic Russia you wanted to
see this is the elevator I'm in it's not
moving right now because I did not press
the button well let me see these are the
buttons all right we're going to go in
the first floor and you're going to see
my yard where I grew up like good the
neighborhood I would say you're gonna
see the basic Russia you wanted to see
let's go all right well this is my
neighborhood where I grew up here you go
right here check this out I'm not going
to show you what building I live in but
this is it look at this look at this
this is the mountain every time it snows
in the winter time well it's always
probably snowing I'm surprised it's not
snowing now but anyways so this is the
mountain not a mountain whatever slide
slope whatever you want to call it and I
went into Russian sleds and I went down
and remember I know that went down so
fast that I hit this pole right here
with my nose maybe that's why my nose is
big because I broke my nose right on
this red pole I remember that I don't
remember what year it was but yeah well
here's your basic Russia guys ah yeah it
was awesome awesome memories here I'm
going to show you where my mom went to
school I'm going to show you where I
went to kindergarten but I grew up in
Odessa so I lived here for about three
til three or four years old and I moved
to a Destin I was coming here every
winter for new years to my grandma on
the train it took three days from a
dusty crane it is freaking freezing all
right this is another slope right here
in the winter time this was the best me
and my friends used to meet up and we
used to go down this in the craziest
things ever we just used to take wheels
up the skateboard used to go down as
like a snowboard and this was just my
playground this this is the little slope
that's the school where my mom went to
right here and inside that school there
was an internet cafe and inside that
internet cafe guess what I did I used to
beg my grandma for money I need used to
play counter-strike 1.6 do you guys
remember those days people still play
that but now
you can cheat on it and she's just not
fun but I remember those days internet
cafes there's a soccer field right there
I used to play I'm sorry guys but it's
freaking freezing it's five degrees
Celsius but I'm gonna show you this
little it's nasty out right here my
shoes are gonna be probably right here
this is the soccer field I used to play
that's so crazy just like these kids
some serious soccer games I had here Wow
I remember it was negative 34 negative
34 degrees Celsius and I took off my
shirt my friend dared me to take off all
my clothes and look up all my clothes to
down to my boxers and yeah it was pretty
surreal this is it this is where I grew
up
oh and look at this right here my
kindergarten where I used to go to
kindergarten oh I love it I love I love
it I love it every single second of it I
can just walk and remember the memories
when I was a child I used to run away
from here all the time it's awesome how
do you guys liking it that I'm showing
you the rush right you guys asked for it
you're like oh you're in Moscow you're
only in the places where tourists are
well guess what there's no tourists here
in the Mormont's there you go I remember
when it was really really really cold I
used to sit here in the corner with
girls and talk I don't sounds funny but
here you go yep I used to play right
here oh and I'm sorry guys that I didn't
upload the vlog yesterday because I got
food poisoning Moscow it was the worst
the worst the worst the worst the worst
the worst feeling ever I was hanging out
with I slept with his girl's house and
when I woke up I'm like oh my stomach
I want to throw up I wanna shit oh my
god what's going on uh uh
I gotta go and I just dipped it's seven
o'clock in the morning I'm like I gotta
go hide us so I left and I threw up so
much I was literally so close to calling
9-1-1 the ambulance I felt so sick but
then I started feeling better after
through
all right other cool memories right here
is this is used to be my grandfather's
garage right there he's to fix cars I
never used to tell him that I'm coming
to Mormons Kennewick um to Mormons I
always the first or the second day I
would run over there and surprise him
and right now I'm in movements he
doesn't know so I'm gonna go surprise
him I'm gonna go find out where he lives
because he my grandma and my grandpa are
separated and I don't want to call him
so I want to go surprise I'm gonna go in
the search of my grandpa so I just
walked pretty much three miles to the
city to the center and here go this is
your downtown movements
you got one hotel building in the middle
a nice little statue flowers whatever
the hell that's for I don't know and I
can't talk crap about it because I don't
know it and this is a little mall over
there and this is it
it's called batch of love it's called
five corners I'm in the center of the
city right now really exciting right
expected more Wow a lot has changed
since I've been here so I don't know and
anywhere I go and brush I'm like I'm in
women's brush there's probably not going
to be a lot of girls and believe it or
not believe it or not whether it's line
yes they heard the tallies in town so
when I come to say hi hold on guys no
pictures right now okay no pictures
later
are they really following me what the
hell
look at this they're everywhere
anyways wherever I go in Russia it's
Mormont's brushed up right on top if you
don't know we're Mormons kids look it up
but the girls are here gorgeous
everywhere in Russia I go the girls are
so gorgeous help me God
so I'm about to see my best friend from
childhood he basically lives next door
to me live and he doesn't know that I'm
here and when I mean he's nice to you my
best friend he used to be my best friend
I mean best friend's face forever but I
haven't talked to him in years
so he doesn't know about to walk into a
store I'm gonna give him a little
surprise so I guess he heard that I'm in
town and he left his work just for me
what a legend this guy is he was just
sitting right here where do you go here
he is this is the guy right here good
sob bro oh thank you la Krishna whoo I'm
just celebrating man I'm a woman's brush
up it's the best okay yeah okay guys so
look at the roads of Mormons look at
this you have to walk like this right
yeah brand new you have to walk like
this this is no puddles yet right here
but look imagine having a Lamborghini
over here you have to park through this
one look at this look at this parking
job it's awesome
here you go but it is beautiful the
weather is amazing it's cold I love it
yeah look at this
me and my friend Andre is about to go
drink some beer you know just chill out
for a little bit
wait yeah this is the roads of movements
nobody's fixing them and nobody's
planning to fix them but what can I tell
you
Russia
look at these parking spots hey you
didn't play you didn't pay your meter
bro all I'm gonna have to give you a
ticket $65
you know Aidid we're gonna tell you so
we're here in the Russian taxi and I'm
going to open the window I'm a little
hot oh I can't open the window all right
I guess yeah some chili here this
Russian bar and this woman comes up to
me and she goes oh my god
a moment we're in woman's with movements
key cock and I mean yeah yeah a nice
team on you boy
these three could aliens she's like I'm
thinking I'm filming her friend I'm not
filming her friend alert so we're
chilling here at the club and look who
shows up I'm chilling here smoking
hookah with my friends and with these
girls and look who shows up what the
fuck is this Russian I'm oh shit they
came to take me to the army we gotta go
first of all the lights on the flop turn
off
second of all the SWAT cops now the
police
lunch is going on we need to bring you
go where did you bring me you better be
sorry
oh look I want camera you guys on camera
I'm with Cameron look at this let's film
each other yeah what's up my name
Alexander rich son mr. the unit Salonika
will become heir to the educational
utilities for machine oh it's a 13 over
40 skin very active proposals to build
ascend to the community yes I am
donation revolted because that is what
is motivating together this is awesome
yeah I'll change right they just came
there and raided this place this log is
going to be the best he said this is
really serious
they brought the camera I'm a William
McKinley visitor pit luckily visitor
alright guys I'm back at the apartment
so tonight was ridiculous we got raided
it was completely dumb I don't know why
I guess for drugs they searched
everybody's name if didn't have any
warrants or what to the Russia cops do
you have computers that it's all on
papers I guess they had to call in each
day I've been editing you prank it looks
really good I'm going to do a couple
tweaks to it and I'm gonna upload some
times this week so stay tuned thank you
so much for watching this vlog don't
forget to give a big thumbs up if you
made it to the end and I love you see
you guys tomorrow
let's see Daniel I know her do you
remember her guys from my video how to
pick up girls one in 1993
