what's up guys another day Moscow
beautiful day not so beautiful because
it was raining I got this guy here he
real he's going to be my filmer while in
the Moscow cos Denis love and tell you
the truth it's been raining all day I've
been in bed all day
it sucks so right now with this parkour
de Cobo
it's a big Park where a lot of girls
should hang out so hopefully I'll be
able to pick up girls here we'll see
about that
I'm not sure looks like there's a lot of
people here but the weather just like so
gloomy it's not sunny
it's kind of cool outside so all the
girls are covered they're not you're
roaring there you know slutty outfit
that you guys like so I don't know we'll
see what we get
we're gonna get on this girl all these
girls are working on so instead look at
all these girls holy crap so so I'm
pretty much gonna streak power out for
coming here and I'm gonna streak this
tomorrow I'm gonna street guys it's an
everyday event for a real living on the
comments below if you want me to streak
it like I did the World Cup but not
really streaking it just hop the fence
and go with a GoPro selfie stick and run
through all those beautiful girls those
are gorgeous girls
it's a Nike event pretty much it's all
week from like 8:00 in the morning to
10:00 p.m. and all those girls just work
out and the class is like every hour
it's pretty sick bus Juarez girls are
picking it up no and I don't want to be
picking up girls that you see in America
like those types like as a normal outfit
I want to show you the true Russian
beauty so for this we haven't found
anybody yet that I can find that in
America and every corner yoga pants and
everything so it doesn't count
how are you
I don't know I'm just taking photos yeah
she's coming up to us and we tally look
at this beautiful view and my name is
Mira I'm from Russia and I watch
Batali's new YouTube channel
oh you're the best thank you lazybone
okay wish me a vlog you impressed us why
the bush so again before I forgot about
our summer
so I guess right here on this spot
somebody got shot
how long ago been is out do free mouth
go for two three months ago somebody got
shot here because he didn't like poutine
see what happened to me you know like
picture get shot right in the head by a
sniper what do you think the sniper was
guys we think it was at this building
right there
you think the sniper was very bit from
Alma nice for the stark yeah those were
those crazy kids running nothing is I
live from right here because this isn't
this full of snipers usually they said
to protect which end because I know the
poutine lizard it's crazy
hey you were just standing here the key
got shot it was this has to be planned
these are my two other girlfriends are
here don't be shy here we come in the
photo
let me shot 50 bucks she says she's
worth $50 that's all you don't have to
turn around
hi you can stir know a little bit he
speaks like eh she knows how does she
know you can translate it no yeah my
Google will got it I'm an actress is an
item that's what the good yeah getting
sushi with my boys my first sushi and
not maybe a second and Musto not bad not
bad
got a feeling roll crunchyroll tempura
tempura tempura tempura roll what do you
got there
but put what's wrong hot hot roll
crunchy roll pretty damn good chilling
right here by the Red Square
I'm gonna pick up some girls tomorrow
I've been saying this everyday but
tomorrow's a big day
Russian humans come look at this guy
you're a professional photographer what
okay he's just taking photos look how
beautiful looks red square once again
red square oh my god so check out his
tumblr cuz he shoots sexy photos of
girls you're supposed to film today but
the weather shocked him till now
and then we're filming tomorrow and the
day after so yeah check it out he shoots
sexy models should I do a sexy
photoshoot with the model he said he has
an inky girl it's ready to go and do a
photo shoot but like a model I don't
think anything else like a real model
shall admit me
okay okay
boom
I know her do you remember her guys from
my video how to pick up girls one in
1993 I know her that's the girl oh my
god that's her do you remember do you
remember all the dildos about you that
was you that was her all the vibrators
and everything about her and look she
loves it she sucked my purple just like
she's perfect for good hey what's up how
are you my name is my name is Vitaly
last year you Los Angeles you speak good
English Wow
so everybody says so sorry you can't
come here - don't be shy are you cold
you want me to warm you up are you cold
yes yeah aha
I mean I should with me more high token
you can do wisely Wow
alright guys I'm back at the hotel super
stressed out from all the rain during
the day was raining all day and then
cleared up around 6 and 7 and it got
cold all the girls were dressed it
wasn't what I need to film so I'm really
picky right now I'm trying to bring the
best as I can
tomorrow they promised the better
weather so tomorrow should be sunny
I'm gonna go film I'm gonna deliver you
guys some awesome content and I'm gonna
try to film Russian hitmen tomorrow also
so I'm gonna try to do two videos in one
day maybe even three we'll see but
anyways you guys thank you guys so much
for watching this vlog don't forget to
thumbs up and I should be already on my
grandma's house but I'm behind my
schedule not really behind again I can
leave whenever I want but I'm just
staying here until I get my videos done
I'm not going back to America without my
videos alright guys well thank you so
much for watching another of my vlogs
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
let's see Dania can i vlog with you come
on gonna vlog with you
hi guys this is my Russian wife what's
your name
