what is up villains another day Moscow
was a crazy last night as you know I
ended the vlog but I met these two
awesome dude what's your name bro vodka
my vodka from Moscow Moscow and what his
name Ron what's good well Ron yeah so
Dennis left I'm here alone but I'm at
these two cool dudes and now we're just
talking about picking up girls and all
that you're probably tired but I don't
think you get tired of us or me picking
up girls because how beautiful they are
in Russia so with this part right now
we'll walk into a bar having a few
drinks but tomorrow I got a big date
tomorrow gotta finish two videos in one
day so I can't get too out of control
tonight but anyways here you guys have
been seeing the views once I see other
theater famous theater you also asked me
how come I didn't go to like the regular
Russian streets where the food people
live and stuff well when I get some more
months where my grandma lives you will
see where I grew up you will see a lot
of you know a lot of hornist I would say
some public fights go p-- nick vibes
yeah but here I'm in the scent of Moscow
I have no desire to go out of Moscow
it's pretty dangerous maybe I don't know
for some of you and by the way I read
comments so yeah I read all your
comments thanks will support once again
and yeah as I read that comment why
didn't you go to the poor
the poor town outside of Moscow I'm like
Mormont's key you will see what I'm
talking about there's no tourists
there's nobody it's just a regular
Russian buy and you'll get to enjoy
so much unrecognizable talent in Moscow
is insane you notice that how much with
unrecognizable talent there is all these
people playing different instruments
just amazes me but there's one guy from
yesterday's law I got my eye and I think
I'm going to make him a big surprise I'm
not sure yet what I'm going to do but
you will see later so you told me an
interesting fact about this to church
right that's what I said so what
happened Ivan the Terrible loved it so
much that he made the architect blind
from the beauty of this so he can't quit
okay that is crazy anymore that is an
absolutely interesting fact that I did
not know how some fashion shit Wow Wow
he blinded the architect so he couldn't
rebuilt this that is some crazy story I
still need to take a selfie here but
during night I don't thing is that's
good I mean the blog camera looks pretty
sick but I'm gonna come back here with a
professional photographer or I take a
selfie vlog style with a GoPro like I
did when I travel with Nima around the
world look at this well it's so
beautiful here Stephanie main gate
oh yeah and the interesting fact was
about the thing what's that thing called
I got the little picture icon that I can
write yeah just you guys that I can I
heard that back in the day was white
over it and they didn't know what it was
so they'd want to take it off and
started scraping it and then they figure
out there was an icon yeah they rebuilt
it like so many times in this place been
on fire on fire
hi everyone so a lot of reward yeah it's
crazy a lot of history behind these but
Brett Square is amazing I've been coming
every day and I can't get enough of it I
can just sleep here right here I know
that's the mall but that thing that
circular brick thing right here guys DC
it's chopping block this was a chopping
block back in the day that's so crazy
and then yeah it was a public execution
uh I don't wanna mess up their selfie or
not selfie a picture but yeah that was
the so they were just watch bring the
person there and just kill him where
they chop the heads off right here in
the middle people gather and add a
public execute you see what years I were
talking about is like 300 years ago 300
years ago yes today we're doing history
guys today's lecture girls more history
I'm chilling with the boys here drinking
beer is his brother shut up look at you
what's up bro what's up mister
how are you don't be camera shy you
don't be camera shy neither can I talk
to her up she's like no don't
you don't want to talk but anyways we're
here with the boys and we're about to do
a Cheers
yeah but we here we here at the same
street over last time I think guys just
the street here that we drink here that
was the fight yesterday here you guys
want to check this junk and you weren't
in where we can lure yeah I don't know
if I should fill myself with film you
but you should film all of us right here
grab it on the side black in the mic
thank you
soup was
Oh Jack Jack bro can I've love with you
for my kind of love with you
hi guys this is my Russian wife what's
your name Nina you are my wife what's
your name hi Daria nice to meet you my
name is Italian especially rock paper
scissors
if I win if I win if you win you slap me
if I want I get your number
I'm waiting on tomorrow one other one
Rock Paper Scissors shoot
wait 1 2 3 go 1 2 3 go 1 2 3 go 1 2 3 go
ok I want I'll get your number
where are you from are you from Moscow
no no it's my first time in Moscow he's
here
okay guys so I'm just hanging out with
Daria she's not my wife but she will be
soon okay okay what the hell are you
are you from Mad Max yeah from Mad Max
Australia oh yeah I got this one came to
an end
thank you so much for watching and if
you made it to an end don't forget to
give it a big thumbs up I enjoy making
these daily videos for you and I can't
wait to see you tomorrow
but for now I'm gonna go edit this vlog
the seed I never welcome to Russia for
everything
