what's up villains another day Moscow
starting kind of late but Dennis and I
look what we're doing we're doing turret
stuff today we're filming Moscow today I
got the GoPro right there I got the
time-lapse you got the overdriving here
and we're going through Moscow City
right now I don't know if you can see
but ten years ago didn't have all these
buildings in Moscow look how tall they
are they're trying to make like you know
like a New York style New York style
Chicago they tried to go for that look
which is I think is great so getting
some footage of that then it's least
tomorrow sadly and I'm gonna stay here
for another week
and the video by the way we filmed
yesterday the picking up girl Russian
girls I could have done a better job so
I'm gonna be film it I'm not just gonna
throw you something I want but I'm
definitely gonna watch that it was in
the previous vlog so that's what I use
but I'm gonna do much better quality
video you know I don't want to rush the
girls were hot but I don't think I did
good on my part you know I got eight
million subscribers I got a I got to
bring out quality not quantity so look
at this building guys twist just like in
Dubai while I was impressive to buy at
this building looks like Moscow is there
too
that's a hotel over there that's a hotel
Ukraine's called
that's the White House and this is the
way we got our bombed in 1992 over this
bridge they were right the tanks time
coming that indeed it was shut up
yeah with the tank from the bridge they
were shooting at the White House in 1982
janessa till 11:00 yeah that's the White
House
91 and 93 all right guys so we've been
hanging out yesterday here with Dennis
and what I noticed is Dennis says this
trumpet guy is good and I'm like okay
there's so many of them in Moscow but I
have never seen I just need people
walked by almost everybody stops and
want to talk to him there's some money
everybody look he's got a goof right now
I know and it's because duty doesn't
stop he plays these awesome songs and
doesn't stop yeah good job some honor
and my question is now I want to do a
makeover I'm here for another week I
wanted to do a artists makeover like I
did with Marty with the homeless guy but
something with him
give me your suggestions and ideas what
I should do in the comments because I
read all the comments by the way and I
would love to hear some of you and if I
find a good idea what I can do it's a
good look at y'all evil taking pictures
deal we should let him play to the whole
world not just this year and money and
money that's not gonna do anything meat
for the holding up $20 not gonna do
anything it's not gonna change his life
how can we change his life leave your
comments and I will take action
Oh
this guy does have no chance of this
what is he doing what is this this is
guy dude
Russians angry Russians
Oh
okay
I'm gonna welcome to Russia brawl they
just don't stop
religions those
great large
look at this holy shit
Oh
what of law all right I think I think I
Wow
Italian okay what do you know I thought
I don't know I can't go fuck yourself
holy shit this is didn't stop we're
gonna that's how Russians California
chip no there's no sodium it's best
moderator that was fuckin sick very sick
they don't want to in America the police
fear two seconds
so Dennis and I a recovery still from
that fight and now right there there's a
huge fight again somebody broke her
glass or somebody broke something inside
that bar allowed us pop ever well first
ever fight before that the guy had blood
all over sphere and then they left and
then five minutes later we did Wow
and then it was the cops now they're
driving down they started chasing those
guys those guys broke something right
out the shirts ripped face screwed up
and then the cops actually was coming
down we're coming down the street so the
manager never buddy
the other Russians were saying that it's
normal stuff it is normal I guess we
were going to really nice places where
we go there's no fighting there's people
don't argue nothing people having a
great time yeah I mean what do you
expect when you expect the bars and his
underground an old like Corral that's
crazy I just want to get my food and I
just want to move sleep man lock my
doors that's it second fight like that
yeah welcome to Russia bro and it's not
walking back then it's gonna wake up
early and then this is all tomorrow dude
I'm gonna miss you
it's okay what would you think about
Russia that Russia was crazy
well after tonight yeah a lot of love a
lot of hate a lot of everything yeah I
seen everybody kissing and like couples
together but then we see everybody
fighting and beating the shit out of
each other corrupt cops cops taking
money
who anyways walking back to the hotel
right now and I got another week here
pranks are coming in hard I don't like
saying this but I'm trying to get
quality not quantity one more thing
about Russia is that it's only dark here
for three hours of the day I know I told
them already look good it's crazy but
when I go to my grandma's town it's 24/7
surrounding 24/7 North just yeah she's
all the way by Baltic Sea here so when I
go home guys just see my grandma you
guys gonna see where I grew up where I
went to kindergarten yeah it's gonna be
a lot of fun I'm only going there for
three days I was there in 2008 for three
months I wasn't good or just drinking
partying and I'm just gonna go there for
three days and then I haven't made my
mind if I want to go to Europe I'm gonna
go back home I will leave it up to you
to decide thank you for watching thanks
for all the thumbs up Nessa Dania I
smell really good
there's no party
