yo villains another day Moscow
I'm here with Dennis look at his nice
little fighter you got there Eric and
it's so bright out I forgot my glasses
at the restaurant where we ate worst
last night so we're going back there and
I'm actually filming my first episode of
how to pick up girls in Russian it's the
basic lemon if you speak in Russian so
the girls later bye Russians how you
gonna understand it because I'm gonna
put subtitles I think it's gonna be a
very interesting format so we'll see how
a girl Russian girls react they're all
hot they're all sexy but they all look
so mean so to be honest I'm kind of
scared to approach but you know he got
to get over that fear what he means to
loud no it's normal of always leaving a
gut it's maybe the headphones are loud
alright so this is my first prank in
Moscow and I'm doing my check mic check
my check the Red Square is actually
closed because tomorrow is Russia
National Day but y'all Mic Check Mic
Check what do you think Mic Check Mic
Check
did that really hurt no it's not your
lavas kidding here
now I want to really sing it for you so
good in the microphone hi this is my
first hot to pick up girls prank in
Russia you guys ready yeah so right I
was ready
six hours ago no but my friend one of
the the Russian the Russian no I'm not
the Russian why don't my Russian friends
that to pick up girls in Russia during
the day it's always good to go around 5
or 4 p.m. so we're here a 5 p.m. by Red
Square well we're actually at the Red
Square by the museum and we're about to
pick up the girls I was going to do it
at the Red Square but it's closed
because of Russian or national day so
we're gonna do it right here right now
hey what's up I wanted to talk to you
gonna talk to you for a second just
first I can you speak English okay why
are you going away going so fast on to
you
okay let's go sit together in the cafe
don't be shy huh don't be shy where you
going huh
we'll give me a number so I can call you
later all right yeah I'm alone you're
beautiful - oh don't worry
who's this is your friend collec from
what what's your name by the way
I was gonna ask you the directions how
to get into her bands but I guess I'll
just ask it later nice to know ya this
is how the Russian girls are sorry hi
what's your name
my name is Vitaly just give me a second
hold on where you going can you just
talk to you for a second hi guys so
we've been picking up girls in Russia
and I thought it's gonna be tough first
three four girls just completely denied
me I'm like I'm a loser first one said
yes to you the first one but the other
three import'
ompletely like like turn around trash
like a fucking end like an end just not
no no but we've been getting what do the
girls are beautiful 10 out of 10 9 out
of 10 this pickup video I'm proud of it
I just need more more jokes I was doing
a little clean then and said I just need
to go vulgar Vitaly yeah but you know
what the Russian girls you disrespect
the Russian girl so I don't know I've
been doing really good on so maybe which
one the one in the red right there still
get alive I'm in excuse me can I just
use you for one day
drastic across the world yes Indian mean
ID Indiana Barney just never could
appreciate the back she knows - she do
any species they are about ish okay much
kresteva up lighter
so I'm emotionally chlamydia Pago fungus
in 2020 my photos you sure yeah
to say it's not gonna be okay that if I
take you tonight and serve you told my
friends don't pass you around and make
love to you on you're gonna wake up with
cum all over you got me can I help you
take a selfie can I help you take a
selfie she is scared of me I don't
fucking understand this is what happens
sometimes sometimes I just can get
nobody this is life one what's my number
one doesn't want my number like she was
a true hot Russian model without makeup
her face was so beautiful she could have
played in Titanic Titanic - or maybe a
Titanic three or maybe Titanic four or
maybe that's any fun but I'm so what's
up bro I got some Russian fans over here
stopping me all day how do you know that
I had so many Russian fans that's all
awesome Danny's not showing two circles
before not if you're pressing until
again Ensenada movies to see which one
they like it the Russian models like
it's here you guys the guys speak
English they know I stopped so she
doesn't you know you buddy you're a
paparazzi on their house let me get some
let me get the pic let me get no they
were laughing but let me get those
pictures so I have something to beat my
meat to tonight alright guys I'm gonna
show you a Russian that show you guys
ready
okay and I would screen now I can go
home all right all right all right all
right whoo
John
Wow
hi well we just had our Russian metro
experience what you guys down with
letting you spend a New Yorker
safely
I think
well USSR bro come on give it up so
anyways that lady went crazy I shocked
them
today was a beautiful day and today is
not even over yet picking up girls
getting kicked out of Metro hanging out
with good people the weather is amazing
oh my god this is what I mean like guys
like this is what I mean like this is
what I mean right in front of me like
this is what I mean like this is what I
mean this is what I mean this is what I
mean did you see what I meant
yeah man but I wasn't impressed because
I got maybe like nine of those numbers
today I'm not trying to brag by the way
but I just thought girls would be harder
to pick up in Russia were they harder to
pick up in Russia not at all
just confidence you have to go in with
that confidence like you're gonna get
the number you're gonna get the number
you go with a half a confidence man I
always watch things
yeah so we're gonna we're gonna get
something to eat but what are you doing
you're drinking beer I'm gonna smoke and
weak fuckin beaches and some shit like
Oh your boyfriend I'm here with the boys
Grisha and these guys night out to their
night out about to eat drink you guys
have enough beer bro
a six-pack cheers guys cheers nice yeah
look at this we got our dinners before
we head out to a club ever got beautiful
look at that delicious nice to see me
sushi whiskey tonight
yeah hey oh my god I left my wallet in
the car
I'm kidding Gregory you're off here
right hi guys thank you so much for
watching this vlog and back at the hotel
today was a fun day hope you enjoyed the
vlog if you made it to the end give it a
big thumbs up thank you so much for
everything I love you and the Sudan yet
