what is up villains another day Moscow
another day with these fools just had a
breakfast at ritz-carlton how was the
breakfast baby
so is she leaving today I'm sorry what's
up Eric how you doing baby whoo you look
good in this life what's up Dennis is so
freaking snapchat subject yeah so check
out that car first circuit hey this is
my new wheel look at this I got to hear
all those in rushes like why not so damn
I kind of I kind of regret getting my
f-type what do you guys think is better
than that type time oh my god no
spaceship good am I gonna have to get
this one
anyways do my BA it's a Maybach Maybach
we're back inside
oh this is like it's like I have to be
or have no fashion do it I have a
million-dollar car okay holy shit
this right here why what makes it so
special it's just like so comp inside oh
wow look how much library at that damn
nice Oh another day Moscow we're about
to take a tour guide because John's
leaving today a couple hours and after
the tour guide I'm filming a new prank
we actually going to this dentist office
and oh my god oh my god
the girls hold I can't help this alleys
like breaks every five minutes he's just
layup girl oh look look we're gonna mess
with this people while they come in for
pre-appointment because an American
doctor came in town and he is going to
give him a nice little surgery
or consultation yeah
oral ulcers oral service so we just got
to this spot where you can overlook the
whole moscow with Cetus look at that
building wicked debt but here you go
look at this I don't think this downtown
was in 2002 here okay this is beautiful
damn but they should have shaved this
tree so you can see everything that
downtown wasn't there in 2002 maybe I'll
be wrong but I'm not sure all right we
got closer to this building it's called
M go look at this this is look at this
that's the star this kid climb has to
overdrive how do you get up there he
says you have to be a professional
Russian so maybe it's Ross can do it
okay it's just look at this we got high
this is who loves Danish I don't know
where he went
we're at the mall this is a sick mall
right what do you think crazy look at
the design
it's pretty awesome you got three floors
it's pretty pretty pretty sick
Dennis Dennis I mean John's getting
gifts he's being cute we're not getting
gifts they need to get my mom a gift my
grandma I guess but I don't know what
they want that everything pretty much
but it should be nice to bring something
back so we just got to the stand and
look what they have to have plus Russian
quest I completely forgot my childhood
you gotta try he's scared to try why
don't you try putting variegated forever
I mean some pride I probably I promise
it's really good this job the boys just
lost their class virginity what do you
think yeah what do you think since
they're not not out here really I I
guess you could say so yeah that's like
a Guinness or something all right so I
had to leave Dennis and John and Eric
because I got a phone call I got to go
cranking it's 11:00 a.m. right now been
up since 6:00 because I got a jet lag I
can't sleep I'm not feeling tired
there's so much energy in Moscow they
you know feel tired getting to the
dentist office right now this is where
we're gonna be pulling the crank it's
going to be ridiculous we've got this
whole clinic this dentist office where
we can use it and film it and it's
getting a pretty awesome Stoke I
supposed to get us like ridiculous tools
to immunize scare this patients clients
- it should be sick all right so I got
to this clinic in Moscow and here you go
we got Grisha here
Gregory so we're going to be the dentist
and this is our tools this sitting up
GoPros over here GoPro V here and then
we got McDonald's and let me show you
guys the room we're gonna be pranking at
it's pretty sick actually you got a
GoPro in the hallway look at this look
at this we got this room what's up bruh
look at this we've got the cameraman
area what's up dude whoo and look at the
room look how thick this is we're gonna
hide your goal for us they're gonna hide
them right whisper - the dark okay yeah
this looks pretty sick time to get ready
but did you guys like those tools we got
changed
the nails so we've been feeling like
this prank and it went pretty pretty
well what do you guys think today's look
at what did you think again I don't know
guys you're professionals I think he'll
be good
you hope you know it's gonna be good I
heard it I heard the screams I saw these
sighs I think it's a great look at the
tools were using you okay we got the
chainsaw
we got the drill we got all these
cameras it was awesome
where's the owner I need a thumb thanks
for using us the his dental clinic what
does it call Moscow dental clinic is
this whole mess with dental clinic yes
so yeah it was pretty awesome to shoot
went great first day filming Moscow
tomorrow got another shoot the day after
I got another shoot we're trying to get
some nice car in Moscow for the prank so
everything should be great okay so this
is Dima right here this is the awesome
guy that lets this uses medical clinic
dental clinic and in America they don't
let you use this for a million dollars
you can't get in clinic in America for a
million dollars
he lets disease it for free this guy's
crazy thank you
sure yeah funny Misha you see what that
is the crowd oh my god I love the
National a beauty of it does Elvis
looking is it a Sasuke percent of
Namibian all right so Dima is checking
my teeth actually because I haven't been
to dentists in the wild so he's going to
check if I need any plumbing or anything
look at this let's see my teeth I'm not
gonna show it to you guys but
systemwide that's the shock don't scare
me man
the word Caravaggio's oh shit national
then you just ask okay stock market or
emotion good to me yet no loss which
indirectly boyish nice moisture trap of
chemical skewness lubricated basically
said my little good but my wisdom teeth
are not good but I'm never getting my
wisdom teeth out because it hurts but
thanks dude really not a lot
so we just got pulled over and the
previous clip before that I was filming
and the police made me delete it but
anyways the police was nice enough to
let us go so we just went and
everything's good everything's great and
we're on the way now to go eat some
Russian food my dad the Russian Cup sir
I showed the cops my driver license my
American driver license because they
asked his this sounds like what kind of
fake driver license is this because it
bends and America and Russian driver
license is hard in America it's like
soft you know like the California driver
license it was bending so like what kind
of shit is this I'm like this is a
driver license like why would I fake the
driver license in Russian it's hilarious
decided to stop with this Russian
restaurant got gauge guy Cathy this is a
lot what is that
how nice you can you oh nice we got Erik
care shut up
we've got mills over there nice Russian
mills I guess Russia has mills I didn't
know that
we got Danny's here we're just chilling
taking a nice break
nice view rush or just enjoying life
remember how couple days ago I said guys
about this circle right here point zero
in Moscow where you make a wish well I'm
about to go make a wish
Dennis can you vlog it yes
over your shoulders I wasn't over your
head bro that wasn't my head that wasn't
over my head what doesn't count he's
gonna get it there's no now he's got
your money
Wow what he knew and drove with my money
back wanna go
check out check out how good these guys
are we have an America cleaner coming
Venice Beach
I can scoop it up with your fists
Natalia and Eric have been talking so
much game about picking up chicks and I
have yet to see them with any chicks
when there's a camera well this is what
I'm down it's all about the Putin sure
once they look at once they see me
rocking this shirt there'd be all over
all right drink it I want to see it chug
it
three I don't think it's who's the
fastest yeah but we can drink it the
fastest but try them to see them out
odet in at least three uh Eric's winning
Whaley a true man Eric win like your
eyes I'm looking back and forth I'll air
across yours I put them together see who
did not write you watch it boys
Wow well that is the pixel goal enough
questioner pixel dollar I'm sure the
skorca production machine oh look at
this guys I want to buy this car
yes videos this is giving us you know
very stylish blue machine Oh
plue-sama date look at this I want to
buy it for five hundred dollars you want
to make a deal come on five hundred
thousand
Boulton eliminar bleh Potter allemande
Robles coca petal Morgana visit kaneto
cochlear official damn right no we in
Russia
we're sitting in vogue Oh like am i
together all right guys before you go I
just want to let you know the dentist
prank is done and it's on Gregor's
channel it's on my channel so go give
them a big thumbs up and showing what
the true villains are the link is in
description below let me know what you
guys want to see more in the vlogs and
I'll try to make it happen and thank you
guys so much for everything for all the
love and thumbs up and yes I'll see you
tomorrow
that's it Anya oh my god oh my god it's
cracking oh my gosh we're gonna fall
