what's up villains welcome to another
vlog you're probably wondering why is
the quality a little different because
my vlog camera broke last night don't
ask ow I don't know the lenses and
clothes are open but anyways we got the
boys in the car we got Nemo we got our
boy the myth the legend
you've allegis yo Raj Yosh
yeah what's up anyways me Marussia to my
room was supposed to go to go out
tonight like at a p.m. I barely slept
Neiman rushing to my room you have 30
minutes to get ready it's so we ought to
go right now we're actually super late
to the airport with this crazy traffic
and I don't know what to expect from Goa
I'm super excited and uh we don't even
have a hotel room booked we just have a
flight so that's how you're doing you
know what we wanted to make sure that we
got out here this earlier so that we can
get you guys some awesome footage of go
yeah because I wasn't gonna vlog it was
like I won the ice quality name was like
Nam Huynh initial adventures that you
know what yeah because you know but imma
in the aisle Dabba
vlog camera in the airport you my cents
up my biood in there but I'll go as a
nice uh like a mall or Sony or whatever
but anyways off to go I can't wait
Russian booty
where we team up we're at the airport
right now this is the entertainment here
Bollywood everywhere
and usually
one hand for me this is the best air
flows all right
Wow
so just made it to the airport I got the
so there were there last night and at
the meetup yesterday at the Meetup and
they brought me this beautiful gift look
how beautiful and that's not only for
you what's in the box and the Frenchman
for me it's a present for it's a
Christmas present bro find out later oh
yeah thank you guys don't thank you
really appreciate it I love I love the
people loving batali guys yeah awesome
as always and thanks Mia for the great
opportunity actually I'm gonna open this
present I'm super stoked and by the way
but so I'm gonna be aggressive
so nice that smells so nice every so
cool
thank you guys so much thank you guys so
much this is one of the ways into an
Italian park my jaw is still broken I
can't invite whoo amazing thank you guys
the loving India that I got in Mumbai is
insane but now we're off to go up for
more adventures so I thought the camera
was actually broken it was not I don't
know how he fixed it it was actually
dead some when he plugged it in like I
tried it the whole night the whole
morning but I walked into the airport to
the shop and they plugged it in and it's
working
so back to the good quality NEMA back to
the good quality we're back so we're
going to go right now sun is shining on
you anyways NEMA you ready for the
responsibility bruh of course when you
have to see the emergency exit so you
have to be responsible you got to be
ready - do you know how to open it in
case it we have force are you open I can
do it right
what we'll just now doing it first model
fine I can't say that kind of stuff
every shot be responsible as otherwise
okay wrong formula we brought the golden
ergo the can I hold whether when you
think jumping what we have to learn the
jacket our bags
alright guys welcome to Goa so I
actually announced the airport where I'm
gonna be landing and have so many fans
waiting for me oh my god oh we go
there's so many of them what's up guys
oh well you why you why why do you
wanting go ahead the villains aren't as
excited yeah yeah they don't like taking
pictures very cool
alright so we got it this guy what's up
my friend how are you say hello so we
made a stop in the station we got some
hand Oh guys what's up Eva how are you
it's so much calmer right than Mumbai
I'm you have nothing against Mumbai just
like it's nice to be like not here mom
said because there is like much more
Chris here it's a little bit cooler it's
one little road split into it well not
this one's got bigger but this is
awesome a derives Eero expectation to
what it's like from God
you guys are coming with us thing we
have our drive to our destination yeah
it's a one-hour drive
$30 really reasonable we're gonna hook
the guy up the guy deserves more than
$30 boss my boss man
Oh Cheers ha ha we've been in this car
for about like what 45 minutes we're
finally getting somewhere
I see lights I see life we'd be driving
through the forest ha ha ha
boss you're good you're sleepy you
falling asleep yeah that's like it's
like I don't need life thanks boss man
me mind I have a huge surprise for you
guys in 2017 that's gonna like nicely
surprise like I'm gonna not like a
surprise where I'm like we're gonna
create country well I will great content
but I gosh it's a surprise that will
reward you
for the villains I'm gonna say one thing
just wait 2017 mark my words 2017 mark
my words 2000 2014 guys you know why
let's talk about it just about a little
bit 2014 was the 2013 2014 was the
greatest prime of my YouTube I did
stopped uploading less not because like
I left or I got lazy or this I'm
transferring into movies but I would
never leave YouTube I started because of
YouTube 2015 was a great year I feel my
first movie 2016 it was a good year not
actually I can't complain I was in my
first move I was in my first movie well
I went on tour I was crying on every
ship by the way guys I was crying and
every show natural born pranksters I was
crying in the theater because I saw
myself in the big screen and full of
fears so I thank you guys from the
bottom of my heart for that I filmed the
airplane mode with Logan Paul my real
acting movie not pranks a real were
vitally acts but 2017
right Nima yes doesn't serve as
everything and all that you guys wish
use whatever you go for do it stop
fucking waiting just do it guys and I
was like just do it
just do it mm whatever you guys want
whatever you guys wish just do it don't
wait for it
just do it I never thought I'm gonna be
you I never thought I had a thousand
subscribers in YouTube a thousand now I
have 9.3 million and just basically I'm
saying that to you guys that whatever in
life you like oh I want to be this but
you think you want be this yes you will
you think I ever thought I'm gonna have
9.3 million subscribers the only thing
I'm gonna be living this lifestyle that
I'm vlogging like this do you ever think
I'm gonna travel do you like I would
leave America and can't afford traveling
do you ever think I'm gonna like do this
do this no I basically realized in life
whatever the fuck you want to do you can
achieve it you just have to believe it
in and work for it
episodes to that guys yeah then whatever
the mine
mine can achieve so you got a dream--big
always dream big because you know I did
an exercise a long time ago where I put
a list of everything I want to
accomplish in my life I put a hundred
things I want to accomplish in my life
on yes-mo some of it was so crazy I
thought I would never be able to do it I
look back on that list now and I see
that I'm accomplished and just like the
act of putting it down putting together
a vision board right now is the perfect
time of the year at the end of the year
to look back reflect on your last year
set your goals for the next year set
your goals for the next five years and
think as big as you possibly can that's
when you do that that's what that's how
you move into action and that's how you
create what you want to be like hey one
for you and one of the people and when
people told you you can you can like my
friend like like we can you can do this
you can do this don't believe I'm like
my friends when I said I want to be an
actor I want to be a big youtuber like
my close friends that I'm so close with
they laugh they're like your table your
fucking book relax no no and I look at
them like well well
anyways it just was a little
inspirational speech I just wanna wish
you guys I would just want to wish you
guys for 2017 the best have the best
year work hard for everything you want
and I want to cheer you guys all my
villains I wish I can fucking hug all of
you nine point two million people choose
new marketers cheers to you baby I wish
you have the best doesn't say very good
haha whoo welcome to Goa we just got to
the hotel by the way if you go offense
I'm staying at the W I'll just let you
know I'm here for a day and a half two
days but the ride was $30 it's Christmas
time and I just want to give the guy its
Merry Christmas man Merry Christmas you
know no $30 for you for me hundred for
you okay take a take a job not and I'm
not doing this for the vlog I'm just I'm
just doing this because yeah he's as
equal he's as equal as me Nima yeah
everyone deserves everybody on it no 30
those not enough with two hour drive
yeah yeah I'm fucking again hundred all
this boss thank you so much yeah your
boss yeah thank you thank you for the
right man what's up oh yes yeah good
luck so listen to me my ride to the
hotel and
Oh show me how to show me the that's a
to the W so we just arrived at the
market near the hotel and these guys
recognize me when I say you're looking
for me to blow your mind that's what I
wanted to hear but it's within your knot
but I just got so I just got some drink
what is this boss
it's the Patrol yes Father I know but
explain a little more basically I'll
tell you let me explain it
usually this drink to us I'm gonna taste
it first
oh my god it is too good yeah coffee
what is this it's really good
so it's vodka now can I have double
double vodka up enough for bragging but
a little more bragging so we come to the
W Hotel is your expectation that people
know mean go up the manager comes out
the marketer comes out of its how a Nima
they got us here and I have to show you
guys the room we got it we've booked a
regular room a regular workday upgraded
us to a suite this is in sight like this
is at the design makes me hot the design
like what how sick this is we gotta give
a shout out to her current cuz he hooked
us up with this you know he told that
managers about about us coming out here
and awesome dinner and a me so excited
thank you guys think about me also a
buddy yeah this is steak that's Nima all
by the way we're not sharing the bed I
got my room next door but since I'm
already in Eva's room and yeah that's my
fans folding down but I said the bed is
bigger than the king-sized like that's
enough for five girls well for me
Nima is a good boy he's that girlfriend
cow nightclub entrance
yo so uh yo NEMA so we finally showed up
we're about to go up while we're out
here and there's girls in this room yeah
so right next to the entrance of the of
the nightclub there's a cow and cows are
sacred here in this country and this is
our driver what's up boss are you the
owner
Estonian Chocula argue luck though I
know if I ask you though go all the way
so this beautiful lady what did you say
what did you say
I did some Nutella on my booty oh oh
she's gone
what about Christmas what is it no
that's it Oh Christmas present is coming
I gotta go I got a cold the hotel in
Santa bring the toilet to the room the
only guy that lifts in India let me see
your muscles
ah look at this guy
the only guy that
so this guy right here mr. Finland
you're gonna take us back on the scooter
at 3 people Mima you and I wouldn't
let's go
we're leaving and this is the scooters
yeah look at this cow just walk it hot
wow wow what a crazy night we're
actually supposed to be tomorrow but
we're actually descending our flights
for two more days because the go up for
two days for a day and a half is not
enough and I just want to tell you guys
thank you so much for all the love and
support seriously please give this lug a
big thumbs up and I'll see you guys
tomorrow I can't even tell you we need
to call room service we're out of
Nutella
