what is up my villains good morning and
good afternoon from Russia don't tell me
okay there's the chitosan ship look
who's here he's so excited then it
Mother Russia
we got Eric here we got this crazy
driver oh yeah rolling with the comments
where's your seat but will in Russian
somebody put seat belt on but I'll put
mine yeah yeah Russia we heading to a
bitch fest we got Dennis here and it's
awesome energy sunny beautiful girls
Moscow another country whoa Dutch just
got here to the VIP fest and I got these
fans here I was gonna say beautiful wall
they are anyway so anyway so he he said
that the fan Russian fans don't like not
Russian fans rushing youtubers don't
like to take pictures damn that sucks
guys not everybody let's Tom yes Cartman
do they say no
photopack on on the on the know what
happen happened to me yesterday was
later because you know but cool nice to
meet you guys
you see what's at the core I see a key
through decision-makers that has
knowledge domiciled I had the CWPP it
sue Thomas robust and a strong when I
wrote he was crashing ominous a copy for
initiatives have been open Apple was vs
Vatican out here
so what is crazy here
yeah movie flutist our William I see
guess what happens
I don't know maybe we're all the
youtubers
I said this guy's what's your name Alex
Alexander is Amit Russia magician so
basically is basically basically saying
what does he have to do like a parabola
this table over here you just have to
look yes a linguist good very keen and
fucking putting her on the top one two
three three faces but he
three kings
one that
the place
right now Dennis and Alice got the
rubles and he has to repeat
one
right
okay
yeah he's gonna keep the 15 euro and
take the ten she's gonna take the ten
hope 1050 10
fifteen
what the fuck magic magicians gonna
reveal brah I swear to God I feel like
they went to Dave & Buster's and they
bought all this thing like a 19 its
Lamborghinis tell me you're not scared
oh they'd even go higher look which one
do you want to do go all you want to be
the ship up and up dude this looks like
they built this in 1935 I don't know if
you guys know that about Russia's ahead
of everything and it has movies in 5d no
like it is movie theater 5b alright
we're gone on this ship you guys ready
seat belt sander goes upside down here
I don't want to go alright so another
successful day at the bit fast
what is it go this way so look at this
what's up guys we're talking about
business what kind of business we're
talking about here well I'm opening up a
Russian channel with the same videos but
it's gonna be translated in Russian not
with subtitles
like a professional translation are you
guys excited or what so these guys are
planning right here VSP group so we're
talking contracts we're talking big
things here this dinner you know but
anyways the sushi is awesome good people
Moscow good vibes yeah and then we're
probably gonna go to sleep because we've
been partying way too hard here way too
hard whatnot
this is how you know when you in Russia
look at this this is straight-up Russia
he just he just grabbed you and I didn't
know this is gonna happen I was just
walking in and I saw the strong guy and
I wanted to vlog and he just grabbed
them this is there's so many drunk
people here in history so this is Moscow
for you at night look at this Red Square
once again look at this tell me come on
man this is breathtaking
I know it's awesome this is actually the
center of the Moscow so right so right
now we hit the red square and this is
actually I didn't know that this is the
center of Moscow yeah point zero so you
stand in the middle pretty much and you
throw a penny or whatever and you make a
wish that's awesome
so Jon right now through a nickel
whatever a penny and and corn as so so
Jon to do a coin and the coin should
land actually in the circle a lot of the
circles so your wish is not gonna come
true bro don't make another one I'm
gonna gonna find out what it is then I
already know what he's wishing for how
do you know
nice your board breaks this baby
over there this guy over here he's
taking everybody's coins he's taking
everybody wishes Wow alright guys thank
you so much for watching this vlog and
if you wonder why the quality wasn't bad
it's because I started using my iPhone 6
and it's obviously not as good as this
digital camera but anyway so I'm home
right now editing this vlog tomorrow's
another big day these logs gonna be
rolling in
so please enjoy them and don't forget
the thumbs up thank you guys
the Soudan yeah this is my Russian
girlfriend she didn't want to tell you
guys up for a long time
