all right so I just got to this new
station and this guy right here this guy
so you invited me here you made me wake
up at 6 o'clock in the morning and now
you don't want me to go on the Lebanese
why you don't want to go I needs because
you think I'm gonna do something - very
bad
ok check initial apology let me wish me
a virtue of chaitra personality bah bah
bah ctlt nobody should join the
community no fear no they are mostly
near ultram stay an extra lanisha's
energy sources there's a chronic
Athenians in the catalytically who was
pushed on people nourishes the end
rhythm
I'm going to kind of take every activity
finest and no uh Google vs permeability
vegetable school yeah because the
National Bank of per square kilometer
Chevy dealer and OPM is this is a good
this evening
the epitome of economic yeah watching
Tonight Show some you to do is to
purchase of especially children with
Mormon Church you see someone's
threatening mr. summers normal somewhere
super Manoj goodbye
the bars actually dumbest Ronald
escopeta summary nice is elimination yep
I'm a girls
Tigra me yeah um my lumber casually game
over Lamborghini as there was like his
blood when you said Oh aliens I to buy
some blue shirt maximum
I'm super tired I had a rough night last
night and I couldn't believe how many
Russian fans
you were including here oh yes so uh so
I'm just doing continuous here press so
it's basically like a VidCon but in
Russia it's what it is so the American
founders in July
for the Russian and it's pretty awesome
to rush your fans thank you guys for
everything thank you guys for watching
here muscular another
alright guys this is my Russian
girlfriend is my wife was good this is
my Russian girlfriend she didn't want to
tell you guys up front
Marin Center
yeah I did my distance 20,000 miles from
there
officially my negro
Oh guys shout out to this lady right
here what's your name nice the lasted
she bought me to take it to come to
Moscow so jet red or red really follow
Ricky says Jenna Jared oh yeah awesome
yeah you guys should check him out the
link is in the description below shit
out this woman she brought me to my home
country Russia check out all these
awards these Russian youtubers got look
at that you can just I should just steal
all of them and sell them now I'm just
kidding but tomorrow I think I'm going
to be giving them away to old tubers
it's pretty crazy
it's a lot of
you know last night was rough crazy but
anyways I'm chilling here McDonald's and
look at this have you guys ever seen a
line or McDonald's is doing not only in
Russia and look what else they have
never service machine we can just pay
with your credit card and order that how
come does Moscow has that and America
doesn't have it isn't it supposed to be
the other way around America supposed to
be ahead of everything but I don't think
so but look at this line Wow Marcus I'm
not loving it really really she's
basically telling me that's a girl yeah
so what happened so I got your number
okay so what is it and race supposed to
take you to McGraw you speak English or
no easier yes America 3 FL Sudan the
party a TV show Andrea I'm better I'm
better than a day and days later wisent
take him so long so she was supposed to
meet this guy and she's on the blind
date so in his name is Andre so I'm the
new Andre she just gave me the number
and she squeezed my hand really hard
like she really likes me so I like her
oh I like her a lot too she's awesome
look at her she's such a cutie so we
were just hanging out and she gave me
her number and guess what happened guys
the real fuck you guys shut up and move
underneath it and he was a falen he was
a fan - he's like care to take a picture
with you and she was like what the hell
is going on and that was hilarious
you should have seen the awkwardness in
his face he was so awkward no I
all right so I've been doing all these
interviews today at the vid fest you
know all these things so I had to take a
nap but right now I'm going to dinner
and guess who should I vote first of all
this guy we had a wild night yesterday
just wait yes who is here
can you guess of course you can guess
look at this some kids said so would you
think of Moscow so far you it's awesome
thank you
thanks and this guy - what's up bro he
doesn't get a kid he doesn't speak any
English so I can just talk crap about
him and he wanted me understand it so
look at it not but he took care of me
last night cuz I guess I got pretty
drunk so I was got a banana to it yeah
yeah yeah I do is perceive as a cheetah
let's give Alysha alright guys so I just
got back to the hotel and it was a
pretty pretty pretty pretty tough
morning cuz since I went out last night
and it was pretty crazy hungover as hell
I look like crap
I know so um yeah what I'm gonna do I'm
just gonna go to sleep and you want to
retarget me how do you gonna go to sleep
it's daylight it's not daylight in
Moscow it gets dark around 11:00 and the
Sun comes out at 2:30 in the morning so
yeah there's a the daylight is almost
24/7 in more months ago and I'm gonna go
to see my grandma daylight is gonna be
24/7 it's not gonna be dark whatsoever
but here it's like dark for three three
and a half hours thank you guys so much
for watching this log don't forget to
thumbs up and more epic epic epic pranks
Russian pranks are coming so alright
don't forget it thumbs up see you guys
this is I just want you to say I tell my
American
when you say hi please don't be shy
