what is up my village I'm adding to the
airport to go to Moscow I don't know how
this vlog situation is gonna work out
because the time difference I'm gonna
make sure I blow it around 11 a.m.
American time Pacific time so East Coast
will be around too that's what I will go
aim around so yeah yeah yeah yeah so
yeah I don't know but yeah I might skip
vlog because of the time difference cuz
I'm gonna be an 11 hour flight and what
I'm gonna fly it just me sleeping what
I'm gonna vlog just me sleeping and
reading a book I'm actually gonna read a
book about a book while for the first
time in years that you're proud of me
mom or not anyways so I'm heading to the
airport and I'm super excited because
these vlog is gonna roll in I'm gonna do
some awesome pranks and yeah alright
well thank you for dropping me off and
I'm out of here I'm out of this country
what's up you anywhere I go see what
happens it's up brother
oh my God where you going where you
going I'm tonight
good bye I see I wish I was going there
I'm going to Moscow and that's close
yeah how can you go to the bison like
140 degrees there right now
all sons take a picture we're in front
of Saudi Arabia and we're in front of
Emirates Airlines you know that yes I
think that's my main fans are from there
so it's crazy it's up yes of course and
now we got China Airways here I'm not
Chinese I just get where your
Philippines No
Oh Tyler you're going to Bangkok all
right and I'm out last kiss but I'm out
of here
I'm out of here I'm out of here I'm out
of here I'm out of here
softer 11-hour flight a pretty much
landed and I am super excited and I just
walked through the citizens citizenship
line where you they check your password
and you know when you in Russia there
with nobody smiles so yeah basically
they gave me a stamp and I'm walking
down here hopefully somebody's going to
be waiting for me here with the sign
Vitaly but I'm finally in Moscow after
what after eight seven years run look at
the surprise we got here we're gonna
teaming guys I want to see some energy
what's up guys oh look at all these
cameras nice look at that they came
prepared I said what we're doing where's
the vodka vodka alright so I just write
to Russia and it hasn't been even five
minutes and look at this I got into user
Eddie isn't that awesome
that's felt work look at that vitalyzdtv
welcome to Russia he got natural born
pranksters look at that he's put awesome
look at that support like so I got an
interview with these guys for what
website Lana what
menthol rule all right so we're driving
to go get something to eat and all I
look is at this and yes welcome to
Russia the guy got super drunk fast out
in the middle of the day it's about six
o'clock five o'clock he's messed up yeah
so I'm chilling here with a group of
friends without my Russian friends oh
look at this lunch we got in here look
at this this is how you know when you in
Russia when you have different types of
meats different what are these well
you've got a cotton crop khinkali
khinkali whatever a nice little salad
like my mom makes that's how you know
you're in Russia it has different touch
the food and taste a little bit of
everything
all right guys I'm walking through
Moscow Russia and right now there's so
many beautiful girls already girlfriend
she's my girlfriend see she doesn't want
to talk to you right now what you speak
English come on you can come talk to me
alright don't speak English but look at
this this is exactly what I mean god
damn it look how hot they are they tall
they're beautiful they're natural I'm
about to explode
alright so I'm walking through the
streets of Moscow with my boys here say
I was rushing friends I got a real here
look at this this is a KGB building
basically tell them more tell her more
KGB building not an FBI yes yes now with
the FBI it's kind of like a place where
: Russia and behind this building is
kind of for most angry prison prison
oh it's the most anger gracious yes I
definitely do not want
so I'm just chilling here with my
Russian ladies and they're so cute I'm
so sorry did I interrupt you I'm so
sorry I wanted you to say hi to my
American friends can you say hi to
American friends please Weiss why are
you so much
Russian girls are so pretty but they get
so mad why are you so mad you can't talk
- can you say hi to my American friends
let's say that's all yeah all right this
is it yes so they don't they don't want
to listen to me they don't want to hear
me just want you to say I tell my
American friends and my villains can you
say hi please don't be shy look ho Oh
see how nice they are
you watch don't be shy what's your name
sandy hi
this is my first time in Moscow but I'm
hanging out and I'm very bored so I just
thought I'm gonna cook well these my
friends they're taking me out so I don't
know hanging out what are you doing you
speak English you speak English they
speak English I found the first Russian
girls to speak English
Wow I'm so proud of you a plus what's
your YouTube channel so this guy I was
he was what you might have to pick up it
hard to pick up girls videos and now
he's teaching me how to pick up girls I
love this so what's your YouTube channel
guys it's a little bigger than that okay
well I think I have to spell it out for
them see what see are you b e
simp a sh t v-- okay i'll put the link
up with the link in the description but
we have a look at this home red square
Russia this is Remini picking up my
girls this is history right here guys
I'm home I'm finally home I feel home
look at this how beautiful it is
damn it's awesome so what was that Lenin
ready with lane yeah it's like the grow
to grow over the grave the grave is that
Lenin's grave this inside that building
and if you're watching where the with
you wandering with the fireworks come at
night it comes from here right for the
new years for the NIA nobody got the
weights right here right then this is
sick and then there's the Russian cops
I should go fuck with the Russian cops
yeah I heard they beat you here yeah
yeah every time
damn this is beautiful all right if
you're in Red Square you gotta take a
selfie but you can't take a selfie by
yourself you gotta take a listen take a
selfie yourself it's a picture smile
smile
I was a video I was kidding listen
thanks we're just hanging out how are
you Yeah right well this is where Lenin
zu gray this if you guys were wondering
it's right here and yeah so if you go
inside its is great look at that
sculpture they made for him
look at this memorial this is awesome I
still can't get over this clock I'm
sorry
so family these guys said there's
snipers sitting in there which I don't
believe so it should the Russian Russian
hitman tried to hop the wall yeah yeah
the Russian is just heated look at this
that's the famous right here at the
church damn just stopped at this place I
don't know what it's called
something with grill but I'm getting a
Russian borscht Russian beer and Russian
borscht and then I'm gonna get so many
you know what so many is right a club in
Moscow Russia let's see what this place
is about and look what's here by the way
he Eric from Cincinnati I don't
understand anything anyone's saying but
he doesn't speak any Russian I don't
think it doesn't understand what's going
on drop more just at the collab past
2015 and now you're here now I'm here
flying in tomorrow Dennis is flying here
after tomorrow
Hey
all right thank you guys so much for
watching this vlog I got a big day
tomorrow thank you for going on this
journey with me these vlogs are about to
get even better
and the pranks are about to roll in
Russian pranks but anyways don't forget
thumbs up guys thank you
blessed Anya excuse me I dropped
something it's right here it's right
behind you
it's right there buddy it's around you
drop them
