what is up villains another day in
paradise I hope you guys are doing
fabulous I'm doing great I am running
errands because I'm going to rush it
tomorrow and yeah there's no time to
waste
I'm driving eating vlogging multitasking
I have to go to Best Buy to return this
camera because I got ever weren't you on
it but my land see I don't know if you
can see but it doesn't open all the way
I don't want every time I turn the
camera vlog on put it down with my
finger the land so it's open all the way
so yeah I'm gonna return that and get
another camera because I don't warrant
you on it so hopefully with no problems
because my mom threw the box away and I
think the receipt was in the box then I
have to do some clothes shopping because
I need to look fresh for Moscow because
I don't have any new clothes and then
I'm going to the gym and then I gotta
start packing so that's why I didn't
want to give you a new camera because
they said they have to send it out for
repair and that's BS I'm really gonna
stop about whatever they is gotta go on
I can really that really can't hold me
back
anyways I'm at the Urban Outfitters
right now on Melrose and there's
Starbucks across I need some Starbucks
to wake myself up and then I gotta go
shopping but damn so now I have to do
this every time every time I feel that
put the lens down while I'm in rush
this is ridiculous I got in a huge
argument with the store manager whatever
can't do nothing about it
what's up dude so we got a fan over here
from Italy yeah yeah you later oh look
Battaglia valetti BNV were connected
together so how long have you been here
living here five months now five months
so in Italy did a lot of people speak
English actually so how do people know
my videos because you speak English say
if I went to Italy I wanted to defend
meetup will people show up will anybody
know me in Italy yeah absolutely I don't
know they just they don't understand
they just watch just like my grandma so
yeah yeah so we're just chilling here
I'm an urban outfitters and getting
ready for rush I'm going to rush it
tomorrow yeah yeah I'm gonna go home
blog and do some epic pranks well nice
meeting you do is awesome
hey I got the top down just left the gym
feeling good did some back and byes I
ran a no idea right I didn't run
I wrote a bike for five miles I feel
great I'm heading right now to get a new
suitcase because of all my suitcase
breaks on my trip I don't know maybe I
don't read em ahead or what so back in
2008 this used to be my favorite stored
because this is where I used to get all
my skate shoes because I couldn't afford
them I used to save off by vacuuming my
mom's floor for five dollars once a week
and I would like let's say I would get
thirty bucks and I would get skate shoes
because I used to skate for yep twenty
bucks
when you go to the skate shop it's like
70 bucks right so yeah this store is
good right there Dress for Less this is
great these shoes are great everything's
great
when we came for the basket you thinking
they get into the basket you think so
how good it was
got myself a suitcase and there has nice
little yellow lines so it stands out
when I'm trying to get the bag it's not
that bad it's pretty light awesome
hopefully I don't break this one we'll
see you just picked up my mom it's my
last day in USA it's not last day I'm
leaving tomorrow
last they don't say that it's my loss
given us a I'm leaving tomorrow see
she's so worried because she means by
saying last day means I'm gonna stay in
Russia somebody's gonna kidnap before
the army she's so worried I've never
seen any more worried mom it's hilarious
stop worrying
why are you worried while you were
I have never seen she does she wasn't
she wasn't scared when i was in vietnam
cambodia nothing but from russia I've
never seen anybody so scared ever until
I think it's Larry's ok they take me to
the army I will get in shape I already
told you that it would be good for me my
die is gonna be on point too
look at her look at it's hilarious
anyways we launches in it right now
we're gonna meet ed and his girlfriend
we're gonna chill at the Grove we're
heading to the Grove to get some food
because it's my last day and yes all
right I gotta fire this guy dude you're
not doing a great job I'm gonna have to
fire you I'm so sorry to do about this
dude honestly you're writing a letter to
your loved one while you're working
that's not right we have myspace these
days okay fire I'm just kidding outside
you haven't seen in a long time how you
been you don't remember me dude I'm
sorry I'm just messing around have a
good yeah what's up doing the work of
course again
what's up Wow look at that can't even
break anybody anymore
awesome
awesome nice see you guys oh oh and I
just punched him in the face look what
happens then - what's it what's up ed
and Erica just got here that's the cell
phone guy think he recognizes me then I
turn around that I recognized then I
punched the guy in the face by accident
this is crazy anyways we're about to eat
up beer garden we're about to eat up
you're gonna I guess we went shopping
together I mean wow my new girlfriend
guys what's your name okay oh it's you
nice work Sam Vitali I like your style
too got some delicious beers I don't
know what it is but it's pretty good
yeah I really tried it it's the same
thing my manga it tastes like juice I
don't let you look at this oh you got
the wings you got the fast you got the
best look at this burger even though I
said I'm gonna die but I'm sure take the
buns off I think it's gonna be worth it
no the bots are good you like boys
holding the microphone good diet but
right there
I was at the gym the waiter is male and
since he was so also wrote I wrote I
wrote if it focuses I wrote you're
awesome baby what's wrong with that this
is the sexy man what are you gonna say I
would say you're one of the funniest
guys are out if I got a picture look at
this excuse me you dropped something
that's right here it's right behind you
right there ladies buddy it's around you
drop something say yours but good right
there it's right here it's right there
just kidding but Etten eyes need to
validate our tickets and we're gonna
walk through the security in the movie
theater the chicks the tickets and let's
see if they stop us this is what I did
last time I've even seen you know the
Lakers yes oh yeah
oh yeah right here god this tickets we
have district validating
with print
did it work I don't think so
it's making that sound but don't know
where it's right
I think it did it
here's the rebel works that's makes that
sound now I need something maybe not
them Richard dumbasses so there's a sign
right here validated I don't know your
guys moms are but Russian moms they
demand to come and pack your bags so my
mom is packing my bag
thanks mom I'm such as mama's boy thank
you
she's packing my bag nice I'm just
walking around here and not doing
anything at least I need help chisel I'm
yelling at you because you want to do
something tomorrow that you don't have
to do and you want to do it so I'm
telling her not to do it which is oh
yeah you responsible thank you so much
thanks for everything
thank you look at that bag look how
beautiful she did it what a nice mom mmm
so nice
thanks all right and this is my camera
back and you guys been asking me am I
gonna film pranks in Russia yes I will
but all right I gotta hit it this vlog
and go to sleep so thank you guys so
much for watching my mom and I tired
thanks again don't forget to thumbs up
thank you for thank you for all of the
support it's 1:00 in the morning gonna
wake up at 8:00 I want to hit the gym
before but anyways love you guys and I
still have a meeting in the morning but
how many times I'm gonna say anyways
alright guys don't forget to thumbs up
thank you guys so much
are you fucking kidding me this is a
localized school keeper supposed to be
retired Oh
