what's up there Lance how you doing why
are you laughing alright alright anyways
so time to start the day with my mom for
a nice little brunch we're gonna get
some sushi time for some sushi i love
sushi i'm craving sushi she brought up
sushi so we want to get some sushi so
right now we're here on sunset we're
gonna eat some sushi and then i gotta go
pick up my car because I was drinking
yesterday at the bachelor party and I
left my car cuz you don't drink and
drive right guys I hope you don't drink
and drive so I have to go pick up my car
if my mom is nice enough to drive me
bargain call an uber you want to drive
me or
you don't have to drive it all right
look at this you like it do you like it
car keys are you fucking kidding me
Bishop's Alec Luke applies school key
personally battalion oh stop I told my
mom earlier that I lost the keys but
they were really on the table I was
blind so then I was like home let me
prank her now and say I left those keys
at the table yeah we're almost we're
almost at the location it's like Randy
no I live in LA away it's like they're
20 miles away so we're pulling up right
now and it's all my my free of the keys
those are the reaction that's hilarious
prank so I just got to John's place and
we have to talk about the show yesterday
we have to talk about some business
about this Russian trip first of all you
excited to go to Russia guys yeah really
yeah all right but right now I'm looking
at something that I can't vlog for a
prank and this has been sitting at your
house for about a year we just took it
out of his garage look at it it's been
like a year so I don't know what do you
think if I pull this prank with this
viral yeah it's gonna be crazy yeah this
is this is high this is something I
would do my own video you think so if
it's film right probably yeah
so I'm really excited for this after I
come back from Russia I'm gonna learn
how to use this thing and after I learn
how to use this thing I'm gonna go and
do it and it's gonna go crazy
it's gonna be one of a kind of video on
YouTube I promise you that much all
right so I just got to Walgreens and
this beautiful lady right here she's
gonna help me out take a photo I gotta
look
beautiful as mayor and fleet I okay and
there you go I'm fine I'm not gonna be
legal anymore I'm getting my American
citizenship listen yeah oh my god why is
my eyes closed
let me do it again one two oh that's a
good one I like that one I was high in
those photos even though I'm not high
but I look kind of those photos damn
this haircut looks sexy I love this
haircut thank you mom I love this
anyways guys I just got home and I'm
getting ready to go to Russia this week
it's it's huge I haven't been to Russia
since 2008 and I'm super super super
excited I'm not an American citizen I
have a Russian passport so I think they
still looking for me in Russia to take
me to the army I hope not because in
Russia it's mandatory to go to the army
and another thing that sucks ass since
I've been arrested so many times when I
fly to America like from another country
let's say Brazil Dubai whatever I get
into America and when at the passport
check you have to go to the citizen line
or a green card holders and every time I
show my green card we'd take me to like
an immigration room because of all the
rest of interest so yeah they're holding
for like two hours and three hours so it
sucks I have to go through this process
but today I took photos for citizenship
so I can't wait to get it I hope I get
it the FBI is still reviewing come on
FBI if you're watching this let me get
that citizenship but anyways guys this
is the bag I was telling you about he
can hold my main camera my DSLR and a
laptop I don't have to carry three or
four bags so super excited is gonna be
easy to carry also also I want to thank
you guys for all the love my new prank
you guys awesome comments awesome
results thank you super exhausted from
last night and I just remembered that my
mom brought me some cochlea tea I know
my Russian fellas know exactly what that
is some nice beef cakes with nice little
tomato Russian style we know how it's
done anyways what else was gonna say
sorry guys I'm super tired but um what
else we gonna sit it's too by the way
you guys want to go to Russia do you
guys want to see some pranks
Russian hitmen in Russia that's gonna be
a lot of fun yeah now I'm gonna do I got
some great ideas that I want to do in
Russia so I can outwait I can outwait I
might think it hasn't been booked yet
but it's sometime this week and it's
gonna be like a Russian fit it's a rush
of VidCon basically it's like a youtuber
convention and let me know in the
comments if you guys from Moscow who's
in Moscow is anybody there
oh my god I'm so full that was so
delicious but it was probably bad to eat
at midnight but anyways it was healthy
so but uh I'm gonna do quick Q&A since
I'm just chilling at the house my
favorite food what would be my favorite
food my favorite food would be uh it's a
tough question she can wing some buffalo
chicken wings probably yeah maybe it
sounds lame but I love chicken wings
sushi sushi I can do sushi when are you
planning to come to India I was supposed
to go to India before Dubai but things
has changed so I didn't but I'm
definitely planning to go to India
that's all my bucket list
maybe next year or maybe later this year
why are you praying for walls or is it
because it makes you good money when I
started pranking it was out of my heart
because I was always used to be a class
clown always get in trouble I didn't
know you can make money on YouTube but
then I did it and it turned into a whole
big business but I still enjoy it if you
can live anywhere in the world where
would it be
come on Nick you don't know Dubai would
you ever date a fan I would date a fan I
would I would but after I find out she's
not a groupie
they just wants to use me for the
followers I know who you are you seem
like a nice girl mm-hmm miss Charmaine
Nicasio did I pronounce your name right
how was high school I got expelled in
high school for stealing the exam
answers County exam answers and selling
them to the whole school
some girl snitched on me bitch did you
ever think you would get so famous I
don't consider myself famous I consider
myself well-known but uh I mean it was
always my dream to become famous so yeah
I think it's like dreams do come true so
if you believe anything you
achieve it you just gotta go for good
morning guys it's another day I
completely passed out last night with
the vlog camera besides me I was super
tired from the day earlier from the
bachelor party I hope you enjoyed this
guy's log I'm gonna start a new vlog
today's vlog so don't forget to thumbs
up thank you for all the love and
support and I'll see you guys tomorrow
let's eat onion I don't know I'm sorry
you guys gonna be watching this and you
think like wow chill out to tell it all
right because you're too much none
