yo yo boys yo oh are you alright yeah I
think this guy's hurt man what did you
do - oh give me clothes is I think did
you fall oh there's his balls in there
huh this balls me really called her to
call the bike no I'm not going to do
that I can't do that one pair oh let me
see let me see let me see how bad is it
is it bad is it bad it's nothing
the LT blood that's the good thing thing
in the
dude bro his balls fell off sir can you
come here for real quick fuck ah I was
spinning I'm spinning my freaking chain
invites my stuff it's good actually
funny fuck can you help me real quick
okay look I got my nuts stuck it in my
craw how you oh hey dude I'm uh hello
which one we do people food you're bored
yo look man you joking man yeah full of
dog good boy
pull a dojo bag to store pull it pull
the bike ha ha ha thanks fellas you're a
really nice guy I wish you're like you
didn't want to look at it yeah I think
what I can't want it could've gotten
female on that it was it came out too
easy like I wanted to stretch it for a
while
excuse me sir excuse me sir yo can you
help me please
yeah can you pull the bike you got to
look look you gots to my toes could you
you just pull on it do my nuts get stuck
I was trying to fuck the bike on it yeah
ah just pull pull pull harder just pull
just pull ah fuck dude I think we can do
something just times sorry this is
embarrassing if I give you my phone
could you call nine-one-one I got what
sucks and I'm sorry if you do this bad
day Deez Nuts oh oh this is so
embarrassing
could you sit next to me please please
sorry could you hold my arm it hurts
right here just hold just hold me just
hold me and sit down sit down just hold
my shoulders it hurts hi hi number one
here I have a man who will tell you
explained it was up
I have a friend here he has one testicle
stuck in his bike wheel we're on the
scruple of a trail in your stress Leslie
yeah he says it's tough I just ran past
them I don't know but
tell them I was just trying to fuck the
bike
nope
uh-huh
I'm gonna pull it
your doctor can you help me sir can you
help me with this can you help me can
you help me your doctor do you just yeah
he's on the phone
could you just hope your nurse can you
help it out you have some medicine for
it dude can you do some eye drops or
something it's my boyfriend are you
stuck yeah
