what is up my village
time to start the vlog it's a little
late well not really it's about 5 p.m.
at night but anyways I got a big day
today was the last second but tomorrow I
have the bachelor show and I just got a
cold time right now at 10 a.m. and I'm
not ready
my feet are disgusting like my nails I
gotta go get many competitor I know it
sounds kind of homo but I do that
because it's cheap and you just feel fly
you just relax and it gets done I need a
haircut so and I need an outfit I need a
badass outfit for tomorrow so I don't
know but I finished the blog with Kevin
by the way yesterday and I starting the
vlog with Kevin what's up Kevin so dude
are you ready for the bachelor party
tomorrow it's gonna be 12 strippers 30
background girls and 10 10 top playmates
it's raw and it's gonna be end up going
to be like 10 guys and I'm hosting it
anyways tomorrow's gonna get crazy
tomorrow is vlog is gonna be really dope
oh it's so hard the place where you're
going to work tomorrow I know but I
gotta get a I gotta get an outfit for
tonight but not for tonight for tomorrow
alright whoa we'll get you an awesome
outfit be like one of those cool there's
pretty woman now I don't know but let's
go get I gotta go get a rope
I gotta go get a robe it's something
gonna be a bachelor party by the pool
the call time is 10 a.m. for me so it's
early it's gonna be daytime pool party
what should I work I'm probably gonna
get a robe a silk robe some nice shoes
and the haircut I guess that's all I
need your boy wasn't kidding look at
this we got here Kevin are you getting
in there getting many petty I'm not
getting a mani-pedi you are a couple
right now yeah
we a for a few months few hours we met
her Craigslist eBay and for EM is so
great right but he treats me well my
friends and I'm its princess oh no it
was yesterday
here do me I gotta do a lot of stuff I'm
filming for tomorrow so I got to do a
lot of stuff
oh you are in the vlog you are gonna be
in the world so one of the girls that
came here to do her nails apparently her
big her brother was a big fan so she
just faced on him and gave me the phone
and so yeah so while I'm getting my toes
on fleek we've been talking yo so check
out my nails I got him on fleek look at
that my toes I should say show the real
here I'm ready I'm ready for the pool
party tomorrow right sure the real hero
she made you look beautiful oh yeah
thanks to her alright so I'll put the
top down today for Kevin
you're ready to go shopping we're kind
of late it's it's 7:40 and the mall
closes at 9:00 so we'll see we'll see
what I can get I gotta get that guy shot
way faster than grozny well I think I'll
go to the Correa's secret and pick up my
g-string so yeah chill out
yeah now I know you wanted to check out
the thong see what they have what's out
there what happened Oh Oh God I've been
looking for you I know you live here
nice to meet you man thanks to you that
means a lot to go meet you it like
cheesecake I have to ask you a question
why does the brown piece that come in
the square box so Kevin and I got to the
Grove whatever a nice little dinner
before a nice little sleep specialist I
gotta wake up at 7:00 a.m. but anyways
about shorts I decided I'm gonna wear my
Versace sure that our what on the gold
digger and then I am going to wear
flip-flops and white nice shorts so
that's what I may be wearing for
tomorrow no true I think the road is out
of style not how to stop I couldn't find
any they only had
this is where I hear this is the one I
used to sit just like that where guys
like Frank what you're the Frank man
what's up
you're the Franklin
di was about to pound you
but then she worked insomuch that but
you would have felled me the flowers
already been above you so good press
their engine you're like all right you
want to go
why do you do that what why do you drive
like that I know you're vlogging why I
literally look down on things I saw
you're being applied Oh light please you
guys let me tell you something you
better hope to god you never have to be
riding shotgun
when Batali's driving the car I'll Drive
like a bastard I drove like a cold so
just got home with Kevin and look what I
got in the mail today I got my GoPro
selfie stick I got my GoPro case I got
three GoPro batteries batteries and I
got a I got a Kevin I'm sorry that
you're wearing like quick let's boot
army boots Hiro brought that up to your
freakin vagina right guys what do you
guys think right let me I don't know I
don't know that's how Russians are I
know my fellow that's funny
so anyways oh I'm waiting for my bag to
come you can put my main channel camera
in it and you can put a five beam
they're all in one bag instead of me at
the airport walking one shoulder like
this other shoulders like that just like
we're doing it I got a laptop in my left
I got my camera in all right I got
vagina in the middle it's like you know
you can't do that
so anyways I'm super excited for
tomorrow tomorrow's vlogs gonna be
insane might be too hot for YouTube oh
yeah maybe hi guys so anyways thank you
guys so much for watching this vlog
thanks for all the support don't forget
to thumbs up I love all the support you
showing me on these daily likes and
daily views I just started I'm getting
there
anyways thank you so much let's do
diamond
