what's up villains how you doing good
morning good afternoon good evening
whatever time zone you guys add so I'm
headed to right now - Bart Baker's music
video parody he wants me to do a cameo
in it and I don't know if you guys know
Bart Baker but he does the music parody
videos so I'm headed to to the offices
or whatever the location is shooting had
and I'm pretty excited today's gonna be
a fun day I'm gonna get to see my mom
we're gonna go see the movie premiere
and then after the movie premiere I
think we're gonna go see San Andreas and
now you guys probably think oh how much
do they pay you to plug in San Andreas
no I've been looking forward for this
movie for a while now so I'm super
excited so it should be fun day
let's go I just got here look who's here
Bart Baker what are we shooting bro
what's up we're shooting of the bad
blood parody did not even see the videos
ago yeah well obviously it's good we're
doing it well it came out a week ago and
it's already about a hundred mil about a
week ago nice so I'm gonna be that
you're gonna be that I'm gonna be that
what is the Fiori we're gonna perfect
that she's gonna do my makeup yeah
hopefully she's good on it no no it's
gonna be I'm so bad it yeah she just got
hired so I don't know it's her first day
what is that it was part of the video if
it was long gotten it black yeah tears
let's got black fingernail were you
supposed to do with the gun I'm just
like to carry the gun around so that's
in the music video I mean everyone is
gonna watch the video you should watch
it you know you're ugly when you need
makeup on your face it was we had a dark
in his eyes
see his disgusting face you know blacken
his whole face is just blur me I feel
like I feel like I'm in Thailand right
now I'm a ladyboy I'm turning to a
ladyboy slowly what are you doing to me
yo bar oh yeah I should go to the gym
like that so I'm gonna look at myself oh
my god what did you do I look like a
ghost shit look with your fucking goes I
look like the scissors man or whatever
yeah oh my god I look DPS I look back it
probably will run away from me first
you're near we got a light that cigar up
yeah
Zarina is it cut nice hair it's just
like PC buggy a heroine he'll be fine
he'll be a little out of it but what the
hell is texting elastic there's my phone
they're gonna put on some how do you
light this bad boy we have a musical
remake you're repeating these these
shots Wow not that bad and then there's
another one that's straight on of you
hitting that cigar where's the words
Matt well there it is it's the most
expensive 7-elevens to go ahead Robin
we're good yeah it's ripping it's gonna
sit the fire better than I don't know
we're in slow-mo for this you know right
Oh
so what she goes like yeah that's what
she does can't do that sexual look she
doesn't live to smoke out right she does
yeah she lets it out well whenever you
guys ready we're speaking what we're
saying let's do it as soon as we gonna
I'm gonna put this out as soon as we can
that was great
got that let's do the side then right
look if you won't going one more yeah
tell me tell me fucking Brits can go a
little wider
she doesn't squint your eyes she's wide
eyes to see this right yeah
one more a little wider I'd yeah I'm not
really sure we got it Robert thanks for
having me bro it was a hard day at work
you know I know I saw Harvey work yeah
I've been here for ten minutes and we're
over oh it's gonna go viral we gotta go
the videos gone viral we got to viral
Instagram pics dude the whole
everything's everything's viral or it's
like I look like shit make me look
pretty
I know you should keep it on I don't
have to do makeup for the guys yeah you
gotta look pretty looks like you had
some eyeliner to do and I'm going back
into the old drag soon awesome both
things dude thank you
so guess we just got here your favorite
woman of all the time my mom was so you
ready to watch the prank and show the
feedback I watched the prank and also
here I put the headphones on and you're
excited about tonight you see the sneak
peek of the movie I can't wait all right
come on DJ go play this is something I
have never really done and it's a public
prank it's awesome it was it took us
three days for Jesse to shoot it so I'm
super super excited to upload this one
so I'm headed to the gym right now and
if you're in LA you see these cars are
everywhere man look at this one this
one's far oh and it's convertible god
damn all right well it's time I just
picked up my beautiful mother say hello
and we are going to
Lionsgate for the in Santa Monica to
view this movie so congratulations on
the people who won these tickets and if
you didn't win don't worry because the
movies coming out soon and you will guys
enjoy it it's a rough crowd anyway but I
think I'm gonna go on stage talk about
this movie and hopefully my mom knows
how to vlog because she's gonna have to
take over the camera
whatup Christians votes up what's your
name again can they what's up Nick it's
a teacher I do what inside dude hell
yeah what's up oh it's up Chelsea so we
got to the theater look at all these
people
are you excited thank you for coming
thank you so much
this is crazy for us this is really
crazy for us first of all secondly
please know this is this is a this is a
real test for us the movies not complete
this is a rough cut
cotton ATP we stopped for Haiti it's it
is you are a test group right now we
thought who better to bring than you
guys so thank you for good anybody I'll
be filming this I put it on YouTube
small stuff so we got it guys for
watching
that was a rough god chill out thank you
guys for coming out that was a rough
thank you guys I hope you guys like to
do this so thank you guys thanks thanks
thanks right on applause for yourself
would you think about the movie I asked
you I never seen you laugh so hard
awesome nice sup good good oh yeah yeah
everybody's leaving with that last one
yeah we're gonna shoot more this is just
how this only happened so we're gonna
cut in half of the movie this is just a
rough crowd yeah you guys like the movie
yeah
and also as a favor party nervous why he
nervous guys a stalker yeah this guy's a
stalker guys he comes to my house what
should I do I'm gonna move because of
them now I'm gonna put you on the spot
what you can't cover yourself up
knocking on my door at 7:30 in the
morning to wake gonna take a picture of
you what's up now I love you thanks
thanks for support that means you're a
true fan you come to my house to wake me
up to let me know start the day go make
a video go to the gym are you so I'm
taking a picture here you go Utah what
are you a six foot six nine basketball
player nice
good luck make sure you make it say NBA
so are you probably you're on your way
to Indies
really oh good luck dude so I'm pretty
surprised by the reactions who grab from
this movie was really really really
awesome and I couldn't believe it that I
was watching myself on the big screen so
now it's just the question and a matter
of time but this one who's gonna make it
to the movie theatres 90% I think yes
and I think it's shoot because people
were dying laughing and it made me feel
really good I made everybody feel really
good and I just couldn't believe it then
plus without you guys it wouldn't be
possible so I want to thank you guys for
making this possible and I'm super
excited I'm sorry about this hype vlog
but you guys are gonna love it
everybody's gonna love it and I can't
wait till it comes out we got to chop
things up maybe shoot couple more stop
about on things embracement stop scary
and nasty shit alright I ride a ride
just finished the movie I expected more
but it was good you ain't Dwayne Johnson
kill the I know but I know it's not
gonna happen in real life it's not gonna
happen in realize what I know the
earthquake isn't it would never happen
that that that that bad in real life
maybe it would I don't know but I was
more excited about my I loved it
during the natural born pranksters it
better dude dude villains wait till you
guys see this movie it is unreal that
shit you did I literally like there's
one part and of course I can't say
anything there's like one part of the
movie where Vitaly does something and
then the guy that you fucking got like
does something batali and then Vitaly
without thinking does something back you
love that I remember my god okay well
thank you guys for watching this vlog
next week I'm going to Russia so prepare
yourself buckle up your seat belts so
thank you guys so much for watching
check out Kevin's vlog Mama's a vlogs so
anyways yeah I don't forget to thumbs up
also thanks for all the love
let's do Dania you're just inviting me
for a meeting and then are you gonna say
this don't ever mess with me like that
what bro
