is that my new car is it is it now maybe
one day what's up guys hopefully
everybody's having a great day I'm
having a great day so far I'm heading to
the gym right now and the exciting news
is that my prank is almost finished I
almost finished editing my new prank I
just need to lay over some music it's
gonna be hilarious I was right when I
hated my videos I never really actually
laugh out loud but at this prank I do
laugh out loud so what else so as I said
before I might be going to Russia on
June 4th
it's 99% chance now so I'm gonna be in
Russia the vlog is gonna be super fun
and I'm excited to film pranks and
Russia I know I don't know how long
it'll last in Russia probably gonna get
my ass whooped my skull and then I'm
gonna go see my grandma which is Mormons
if you guys wondering why my mouth is
right I got my pre-workout here I don't
know what I use but it gets the job done
and definitely does it so yeah I'm
really excited the weather is beautiful
life is good
everything's great I hope you guys doing
absolutely phenomenal and I forgot to
tell you guys when I was on this glad
fast trip for two weeks and then when I
went to see Jessie I miss a lot of
things not just do I miss my mom and
guess what else I missed I missed this
baby I love driving this car I don't
know a lot of people don't like driving
I love driving I just got out of the gym
I feel great I'm drinking my protein and
if you haven't worked out today and
you're watching this long go workout
you're gonna feel great I ran I don't
hate cardio I can't stand cardio I ran
for my first time today 3 miles and it
feels great and I think I'm gonna start
running every day that's the only way to
lose weight obviously it's not the only
way but cardio is healthy song when I
started doing cardio and I'm gonna drink
this beautiful strawberry shake
look who's here guys yo boy Eddie what's
up bro yeah I'm going to Sunset Marquis
I feel like everybody on Sunset hotels
for some reason so I just got home guys
that I'm editing this new prank will
I've been telling you about guys that
I'm almost finished I just needed some
music but uh what else I just got an
email from John which is my manager and
he said that tomorrow we're actually
doing a sneak peak of natural born
pranksters and only it's a sneak peak
it's not a full movie and I post it on
Twitter so whoever saw it I mean it's
gonna be already too late as you're
watching it's already happened but it's
a screening in Santa Monica for like 50
fans just to see the reactions and how
they respond but yeah it's gonna be
awesome I'm super excited I'm going
there tomorrow at 8:30 and it's just
gonna be a sneak peak so if you didn't
win I put the link on Twitter and you
just have to submit your name and that's
about it and if you live in LA it's you
get randomly submitted and if you submit
it that's awesome
I'll see you guys tomorrow but if you
haven't don't worry the movies coming
out soon some of the boys right here
what's up guys what's your name again
mark what's up mark so look look tell
America tell me more about these boards
bro what is this these boards let me
tell you somethin bout being the Beast
you lean forward it goes forward you
lean back you guessed it it goes back
try it I want to see ball by the way the
meeting that I told you the logo and
inviting it too it's pretty dope it's a
pretty exciting project right do you
want to tell it you want to tell them
Stevie no you think it's a secret
look at these wine is good what are you
writing representing Miami Wi-Fi my city
bro tell you why I'm representing Miami
it's because this girl I can't say her
name but if you're watching this I let
me try this
this is fatality about the bust his ass
yeah you got it
whoa yo oh my gosh that speed emitters
that Vitaly alright calm down
go home how about that follow can go go
lean with yeah you got it just why would
you say that all right they're just bad
this is bad like your minds are good
yeah why would you talk shit they're
doing something I thought we were
friends Logan you mean you just invited
me for a meeting and then now you're
gonna say this ever mess with me like
that so I've been home for about three
hours in editing this vlog and not vlog
I mean my main channel video and I never
had trouble to put music on any of my
videos but for this video specifically I
did so it's like yeah so I finally
decided and now I have to blur two faces
because those guys didn't give me
permission to use so it's already past
midnight I know this vlog is kind of
short but I gotta keep editing my main
channel video and then I have to edit
this vlog and then I can sleep and then
tomorrow is an exciting day because I'm
going to Bart Baker's music video parody
there's gonna be a lot of Viners a thing
and cool people so see you guys tomorrow
and thanks for all the love of the likes
thank you
let's do diner this is my first time in
Times Square captain
he's gonna charge you five bucks
