what's up villains day two on our prank
day with Jesse and Dennis Roady today
after this prank we headed actually to
NYC to film more epic pranks but we're
at the park again by the river where
everybody's jogging and this is actually
inspiring me to go jogging because my
fat ass needs that I can't wait to get
back to sorry to LA to start my workouts
because I'm going serious summer is
coming up will technically summer couple
dates but yeah they're setting up the
shot right now this is where the scenes
gonna take place and we're gonna film we
got some great footage this week and we
just keep going but I'm really excited
for you see really really really what's
up dude
are you excited for New York City I just
call them how we're going oh yeah why
don't you tell them a little more about
we're gonna go the Big Apple we're gonna
do some pranks and we're gonna have a
good shot
especially placing
but yeah what are you about to do about
to find out calling the cops for sure no
we got a leave from this partner
we gotta go see your house I know all
the cops here they're not gonna be like
Jessie come on man yeah oh really
let's keep doing it he's not gonna call
my song you really know a cop he's not
gonna call you just very cool yeah hey
should I use it should I use them at
lucky you might yeah back in a day not
like baby boy sir
you just don't ever when the cops come
here we're not gonna let them tell so
huh my target is not stuck in the bike
and the guy didn't want to help him no
that's bullshit I know
Chrissy the fucking witness protection I
don't know yo my wife is going to see
this she's gonna know if I'm running so
what she's always active did hey when I
said pull the deez nutz Prager I didn't
mean we don't do it right there y'all
was gonna say Lee come back on the bar
sure buddy who's like a my goat
let's do the deez nutz prank on her
that's right put it yo yo that's the
great ending hey guys so we're about
like an hour away to head to New York
why because we killed the spring Dennis
the spring thumbs up and a comment and a
favor
dude that was an outrageous bring their
with them say Jesse you got something to
say
I could stay advise on this video on
YouTube I think it's really
type of comedy I like Thanks Oh Jessie
showed me this awesome
fire chicken spot and when I mean it's
fire it's far like look at our chicken
this chicken is no joke it's really good
so we eating here right now before my
see I'm gonna get myself a nice little
chocolate-chip cookie because I deserved
it and then we're out we just got to New
York and this is our beautiful suite and
my boy Dennis took this up not Dennis
Roady I will have buddy
named Dennis in Boston he hooks me up
Wow we got this suite and it's pretty
dope so we're actually gonna pull a
prank on Gina where Jesse's gonna
pretend he's cheating on her where he's
gonna be turned up at a lot of girls and
all that oh really
he's really not gonna cheat on him so
Dennis and I die bah we're gonna go for
drinks you have to set it up to where
you at is believable so this is the only
way they make it happen world Gina's
gonna think oh shit yeah we're gonna
take pictures tweeted and Jesse's gonna
be the background talking to girls first
of all I'm in New York once again
gentlemen I'm so excited I love this
city
whoa you know I'm in New York when you
hear sirens like that this is a slip
a social media prank because we're
putting the social medias as well as
yeah everyone's gonna see the pictures
would be like hatin on Jesse because
then I think that he's up to no good
yeah but really we're not doing anything
bad
we're just going out for a drink I'm
gonna build all this up to where she
thinks he's cheating on her this is my
first time in Times Square
yeah you'll get a picture with Captain
America Bob he's gonna charge you five
bars and it feels like it's daytime and
it's light on so many frickin lights
Danis is Australia one day you might be
up there we're up oh yeah yeah right
there dawg whoo and of art and Oh Jesse
just brought me to the sushi place what
is it called uh sushi Sachi
but your shoutout reading on our case
wasn't one a tomato yeah and it's pretty
Gucci they bring your sushi buy sushi
what do you did I've never met Andy
Milonakis but I've been to two places
with bunnies that you recommend a
restaurant Oh awesome
eat it no I don't do it I just push a
baby dude Dorothy ah
Oh coming out my nose
this is a bombast place still doing a
nice little pregame all right guys I
couldn't really vlog much inside the
club because the music was too loud but
Jesse got his prank done he got what he
wanted you took a fucking picture with a
lot of ladies but it was all for the
looks he loves Gina so don't think about
it honey because you truly the plan was
you to tweet me plan was for you to
tweet one of them for the viewers our
pocket um sent me already tweeting about
it I tweeted the picture and the
pictures and the tweets are going philly
chick-fil-a check they're all tagging
Gina's girl for a cheese girl for just
his girlfriend saying basically he's
cheating on you watch out watch out and
it's already 4:00 in the morning so
she's probably having a media heart
attack right on then
time to head back to the hotel and call
it a night in New York City
what's up villains this is my first time
taking the train I'm gonna break this
log into - I got Jessie editing right
here Dennis
eating the fruit like a healthy little
boy have you ever took this train before
this is my first thing in the trip
train ride and especially after what
just happened I don't know I got some
balls yes Jesse why did you make me do
this why don't we just take a taxi last
night we took an uber to New York so
today we took a train and my pizza's
ready I got a nice little fresh pizza
like that nice so we just got back to
Philly to Jesse's place in Gina's and
we're about to do another prank damn you
had were so happy it has refresh in the
price check out the scout you guys are
Jesse got check out check it out
you got a USB port you want to charge
your phone as he is B check out this
table you got and it moves - it's not
for decoration just on the table yeah oh
if it's a lot of people it unfolds and
then you see the gears move it out was
epic whoo but today's prank another
prank we're just banging these out left
to right about pow pow pow pow pow -
video three videos today guys so Dennis
and I might go to Russia in two weeks
how do you feel about that
that's not guaranteed we just found out
just today like an hour ago yeah but are
you excited if you go - all right oh
we're gonna do some Russian pranks of
Russian how-to pranks and then will he
like fly back woo and I get to see my
grandma I get to vlogger get to show you
where I was born
woo where I was raised my roots streets
the streets what was hustling we're just
trying to feed my baby daughter it's all
must be done a wheelie
I'm not on the starter but that's our
show me what you got
yeah nice look at that alright alright
so we're out here right now filming the
new prank for Jesse's channel actually
the last spring that we film is actually
going to vote my channel so this is the
new prank they were filming this is our
camera hide dude good job keep it up
alright nice
holy shit check out this line for the
cheesesteak guys look at that look at
that line for that cheesesteak oh crap
hi guys so the collab is over Gina and
Jessi are leaving I'm leaving throwing
got an ethnic cheesesteak I know that's
like how would you say I flew down when
you're in the airport is a place called
chickees and pizza for love I get one
bite I'll do my breakfast
you could get one before you leave oh
whoa a Portuguese new diet starts
tomorrow for real though guys I'm
literally getting out of controls all
the few la jeune yeah alright I will do
it I Dennis it's been a pleasure - yeah
but you're not gonna see the vloggers
okay peace out villains nobility diner
just superhero
so about it fuck I put the villain to
sleep doc hi guys I'm back in LA thank
you guys so much for watching this vlog
from this trip I'm gonna start editing
our epic prank with Jesse and it's gonna
be released sometime this week so look
out and don't forget to thumbs up this
log thank you guys so much for watching
Missy Danya go scream oh my god
