what's up villains how you doing good
morning look at the setup over there
regard we're filming another prank in
Philly for Jesse's channel is gonna be a
ridiculous prank hysterical and then at
Bassmasters should show up in a couple
hours at night actually so it's gonna
get outrageous that's the only World War
Day that's the only way I can describe
it
outrageous there's gonna be a lot of fun
so prepare guys so we've been filming
this prank and so far so good what do
you think dude the reactions we've been
getting I think you've gotten the best
so far I know because I like to cry you
need a cry bro here this is your
audition in front of a camera
what's your crying come on
what's going on why why why why crying
yeah
so we've been filming at the reaction
three prior so we've been filming in
direction Isis crushed oh come on I know
you're probably getting a big head right
now but it's true first try turn the
rope two three three two out of three
two out of three is great stats that's
great dad
he's gonna kill it he just edition how
he cries he's gonna sell it
they just finished the video what do you
guys think what do you guys think good
outrageous it's outrageous suitable
videos Battaglia what's going in your
channel Papa you gonna cry cry cry cry
more
I give Battaglia life though he's got
he's got the public cranking bones in
them man 2 come on no that's why you
said I don't have it they got it I'm
good at bragging to her yeah so you guys
saw say yesterday riding those bikes
with Dennis and I placed my wallet in
the bucket and all the road bumps made
my credit cards jump out I lost two
credit cards through credit cards and
they called me today they said yeah we
got your credit cards this is my company
the guy that checks it in the morning I
got lucky lucky two credit cards silly
yeah I was like this wallet is not
saving my pocket I'm gonna put it in
this basket in front of that bike yeah
okay you have to eat it so right now I'm
getting those credit cards thank God and
then we're going back to meet up with ed
Bassmaster yo guys you remember I
promise you this guy's gonna be here I'm
so happy to be here it's like a reunion
night it's really great to be here
man we're in the lane now we're in
Philly I mean your town we're gonna play
we're gonna do some praise yes we're
gonna do some pranks here folks at home
you're gonna love them we're gonna bring
a live to you direct coming at you
probably any day now we're gonna put
them on the news we're gonna put them on
the news let's go put some people on the
news
okay we'll show you guys at Bassmaster
whatever the news you're impersonating
at Bassmasters hair I'm putting it on so
we're gonna be filming a lot of pranks
to speak guys wanna know a fun fact
fun fact did you guys know when I
started YouTube first I used to spend my
best mastering he blocked I I would love
to say I remember that but I don't
remember but I put I just did it being a
prick cuz I really didn't care
sure not but I would like to be like I
spent I likes the end yeah I was one of
those kids unfortunately but then I
stopped posing you know what I probably
just did it because it was annoying not
that I really cared off people I got you
your start I gave you your start doing
what you do you're welcome yeah guess
what we're doing again we're renting
bikes another round at bath masters
really talented with wheelies he's gonna
show you someone nice tonight yeah he
got the goods
yeah dog whoa I'm fresh I'm front I'm
top of the sky whoo what are we doing
Dennis you're about to do a lemon
challenge whoever can not make a face
after biting into a lemon using ed
Bassmaster already know I'm gonna win
we're here
I know face don't worry it's nothing
good I'm first
yeah there's no challenge
dude I'll give you 20 bucks if you try
one more all right squeeze it in your
mouth let me squeeze it in your mouth
open your mouth open your mouth Jesus oh
my god this is stop oh yeah it's fun
what about you all right guys thank you
so much for watching this vlog I love
you don't forget to thumbs up and add
vast mass a has to say
if you dying it must be dying yet does
pathology that's me dying what's up
Jesse what I'm feeling down what are we
doing today though on the bike ride
