what's up villains guess where I'm at
with Dennis City of Brotherly Love
whoa Philadelphia baby that's right
where we at
oh I love cities like this so big
there's so many people to prank do you
guys like Venice Beach times 25 this is
my first time cell broke my virginity
today and we're we're gonna go meet
Jesse for lunch right now
and we're gonna talk about ideas have
bats mastermind meet up with us so this
is gonna be a great week tighten up your
seat belts
playoffs oh look who's here what's up
Jesse what I'm filly down what are we
doing today
on the bike ride we're gonna go buy that
river that you should you're Princeton
where you do zombie apocalypse do I have
how far is the hub floors up everything
is closing you're excited to the other
side of the center state nice like 30
minutes so Sean awesome to see the
Liberty Bell he's gonna be our tour
guide today so I'm excited to write
bikes around Philly what's up ladies saw
that these ladies are walking up to Jess
you got all the lady fans so look let's
take a picture
awesome so we just rented some bikes and
we are this is boathouse row right here
Vittal huh what is that it's like this
famous row of houses that are on the
street
he's got those in the canoe boats are
nice but this is beautiful out here look
at that
what's that over there like a sentry and
that's the top of the rocky steps oh
this is it
on the other side is the famous side oh
okay nice we're about to run them up you
want to race me beat me bitch me so we
got to the famous rocky stairs which
movie I never seen this landing I'll
race you
you will he's gonna win telling you so
nobody I'll beat you both so I'm not
gonna ratio okay it's a shame that you
can't come all the way up because
usually when people races the substitute
for someone you get to this one they
think it's over and it slowed up all
wait there's more
that's why it's funny this is the
beautiful Philadelphia I want to take a
picture here but it's ugly take a
picture with all the directory that way
whoa into Philly
that's cool I was even hmm that's great
you draw those easier than I thought
check out this beautiful love park this
is actually a famous skate spot in the
winter they drained the fountain the
city and the skaters stand of the skate
spot and this is like our huge fort
block and three block whatever you want
to call it but yeah it's bigger in real
life than you think so it's pretty
awesome
it's beautiful right here
six cables out yeah this is the famous
skate spot looks like that looks like
they don't have a shower at home so they
come here to shower I use that they all
need cheese's so I came across this
YouTube video
it's a skate video this guy did a 50/50
on this rail all the way down it took
him like I don't know how many tries and
then pull it all the way down 5050 this
and then pop off off this roof it took
him so many tries look at this look at
how sick this is Wow damn
so I guess Philly's known for a lot of
skate spots too huh not just history and
also this is the building that had this
is the first building in the country
that had electricity right the first
building
that's crazy look a second dancing on
the bike this kids are just taking
they're just taking over Philly bro
they in the middle of traffic riding
bikes having fun this is just like in
Russia you don't need a cell phone in
Russia people know where to meet like
you know every night they go to the park
they meet at the bench and they all like
bike skate this is just like Philly
every day these kids just ride their
bikes chill hang out this guy's from
India just came up to me and says he's a
big fan from India where in India Delhi
oh I supposed to go there I can't wait
to go to India you have a lot of fans
there if I go to India people know me so
we just got to just this place and look
who's here Gina say what's up and look
at this oh you stopped playing revving
it out look you're playing GTA with a
monkey
look he's place this is like a secret
secret
what else you can play stripper naked
stripper you can play bird there is a
good jillion things you to choose one of
the best these are all things you can be
a business golfer just three mothers
would choose for look at them occur you
can play with a hooker
you can dress her up definitely take her
clothes on this one now wonder if you
can be a hooker and pick up a hooker
hooker with the champ and sleep with her
are you serious Wow all right can you
shoot well you guys got something to do
tonight you go down find the hack
because I don't know anything about it
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
yo
so just in general introduce me to some
Philly cheesesteaks and we're heading at
night and look how beautiful it is
yeah it's 1:00 a.m. and we're about to
eat food cheesesteaks hmm tomorrow Oh
awesome dude you who is throwing it
higher I can tell oh shit damn
yo shota sighs Wow
so the cheesesteak place was closed so
where we're at Lorenzo's supposed to be
the best it's the best second best
look at that look at that look at that
look at oh fuck
I'm telling you shouldn't need that
beats a man I told you guys I'm fat look
yeah we were just literally riding on
the rim guys do you have fun bro
we made Gina and Jesse walk the bike
back yeah thank you guys thank you so
much guys anyways don't forget it comes
off the vlog we're gonna have a crazy
week by the way there's so much fun pets
coming at bats masters coming guys old
school about to turn up hi guys don't
forget to thumbs up this look thank you
so much for watching I love you and
that's your Dania
