what's up villains so today I'm gonna do
something different
I'm here with furries feet and I never
did a challenge video well not that kind
of challenge video
bloody shell why don't you explain oh
boy we're doing alright so this is the
burrito eating challenge this is a
series that I did at my channel but
burritos are one of those foods that you
can just are known to be fast right and
I think it's one of those foods that you
know you can relate to you look for you
know some oh yeah but you do this for a
living I just for living yeah I guess so
give me a tip I feel like I'm an animal
I can give devour this but given someone
said just on my help this might help
water a lot of people will start eating
and then they'll forget that they have
water that they can drink to help you
know push down the food okay so that's
one tip that's like the main tip
whenever I see an eating competition I
see guys that just keep eating keep
eating and they don't even have a sip of
water and
all right and yes yes yep you're from
popular
you guys yeah I for company yeah yeah
yeah yeah I do it so if somebody's gonna
go count down or what's going on I think
your brothers in the background okay
I'll do a con down let's do it what do
right you guys ready fuck
come on spit it out all right three two
one go
ah
your message damn you have ever seen in
my life
how's crazy where you breath yeah you're
pretty fast man
I was I was taking it easy
I was taking it easy but you know I was
just trying to be clean because I saw
you were crazy
you pretty damned woman alright guys I
lost on this one but if you guys want to
see way faster in the talent and check
out issue 3 speed links
I love you guys mr. Geiss put it there
