yoyoyo
villains good morning I'm here with Pete
Dennis and with this awesome underground
gym I'm about to put some work in
haven't been to gym in a while and I
love this inspirational message as these
guys just talking okay this is good you
don't workout are you ready to work on
all right bro oh yeah yeah bravo Bravo
Bravo look at this guy Sean Pete look at
that arm
hell yeah that back though
so I'm here right now chillin on the
couch with the cutest baby ever and her
name is Liza
yes Liza this is Chase's new daughter
she's awesome she's the best she's the
cutest Veronica just to the huh I just
got to the house and we've been hanging
out here taking it easy
dennis is actually getting his kit
because they're gonna go intubate
Alexandre and lies are going on a date
today yeah look she squeezes my finger
so she said she lived
she's just only two months old and she's
so strong more than her daddy was that
over matter mind I go get a bath
she could leave all their shitty me and
she nauseous yet they piss dishes done
Dora you guys wanted to meet Dennis's
baby here you go like it Alexander guy
handsome yes
he's got a girlfriend already I know
they're in their first blind date
yeah are you gonna put a ring on it he's
a little future prankster how many
pounds is here seventeen he's a big boy
so he does to you too he hold your
finger tight is that what babies do cuz
she did that to me too he's getting big
Wow
and it is a big boy she's big six months
we got more hair than daddy beat and I
about to do a challenge where we are
gonna out eat each other that's right
not like literally but she it's gonna be
a whole new video on this channel on the
second two shakes have burritos and then
he's doing Nutella this is a lot of
calories for tonight
we're gonna have a good workout tomorrow
oh yeah I gotta get ready for tomorrow's
leg workout and while to rusty ass is
gonna watch Oh
all right let's get your referee shirt
look at this guy bro
yell brah even blade he definitely
blades look at this guy he's totally I
love Cincinnati look there's a gear look
at there's a deer oh my god this roller
bladers there's deers Cincinnati has it
all so we just did another challenge
with Pete and you pranked me he put hot
sauce inside of Nutella Wow make sure
you guys to check out on his channel
that's gonna be a great video and yeah
anyways guys another challenge coming up
what's the challenge this time we're
doing the jalapeno on it first want to
sweat it loses sweaty guys check them
out and thanks for watching them well I
don't know why I'm not ending the vlog
now just missed kala Pina and took the
others petite white like a rush into
them not all of them are on excuse me
what we're gonna do is eat what we're
gonna do is in this challenge in this
challenge we're gonna eat the bully call
this it's a jalapeno pepper like pina
Peppers and who's gonna sweat first he's
out of the champion is gonna be so easy
to see you sweat cause you got a bald
head but I'm not gonna sweat first down
here yeah all right baby let's go
all right okay are you guys ready you
say like the Sun dick in Russian yeah
door
no bath gotcha now from here that I have
it's uh exactly yep fucking seriously
that's a good day say yeah girl a boy
young girl a boy good job boy yup roof
the fucking guy the newspaper here was
that guy at the gas station a newspaper
wants it for little boys thousand dollar
reward this is the guy screenshot ham
and report tomato tomato juice with beer
were you joking about that or you're for
real
Gucci tomato juice would be Ruchi ha
well I mean maybe for Louboutin I'm
Gucci hi I'm Gucci
I'm like totally ok fresh you know
are you guys serious why are you
sweating Dennis this is what happens
afternoon look at the winner the winner
winner winner chicken dinner right there
you got more so Jay won the contest I
love eating contest it was the hottest
thing ever look at Jay okay you want you
want you want maybe you want alright
guys I hope you enjoyed this vlog I'm
sorry if it's a little short I still
love you everybody loves you the alien
wow it's pretty creepy next year anyways
we're calling it a night guys I love you
guys I have the big thank you so much
for watching don't forget to thumbs up
and what do you say at the end it's
fuckin anoche Oh
