good morning guys I'm in Cincinnati with
the boys yo Dennis Jase they just picked
me up from the airport
and we're heading to the house a nice
little breakfast on the way then we're
gonna do some praying the forest never
fucking come back just become a
sasquatch the Forester guys do they have
like where you go look in the forest
got to Walmart to give me some sheets
and a bad mattress Walt dennis is gonna
pay for it because he actually needs it
for his apartment so that's nice if you
Dennis thank you I can't wait to take a
nap I didn't sleep at all the house is
literally packed every room every couch
we're busy man next where do we got it
the house Peters Pete we got Jay we got
Tom we got chase we've got Batali we got
Dennis and we got plus plus ones plus
twos dude yeah
this is gonna be a crazy week it's aa
spell yeah next house we're gonna get
we're gonna plan it a little bit better
I'm gonna get like a mansion
we're already staying in the mansion we
got that the house is throughout the one
where we have like our own bedroom each
whoa take all the doors off the rooms oh
all right just got to the house and look
who's here everybody is here you guys
got this nice house
so anyways we're gonna be here for a
week in this nice spring house
downstairs
I know I didn't bring my babies you
don't need it Wow he's getting shredded
six-pack doughnut yeah and that's an
awesome prank tank over there you guys
get there what you guys doing over here
oh we got an epic
you really you see block we're all good
here oh oh you guys gonna stop doing
that you pretty good suck you know you
got a boy hey Tom babes here let's go
over second semi-final took a shower
dude family took our complaint oh you
got scrum oh all right dude you got a
ditch you got to do so yeah we got to
take that off because people are gonna
see this thing gonna be like oh yeah all
youtubers are in the van they're here
they stay at this house how does it fly
it was all right I still didn't sleep
yeah sucks
but I might just stay up till tonight so
Dennis to us and the rest of the crew
went filming and free speed and I and
Mike here what's up Mike what have you
guys haven't seen Mike in a long time
huh
we decided to get get something to eat
so we just walked pretty much walked to
this place and we didn't get yeah
there's a good workout yeah it was
really good yeah we're good and yeah
we're gonna eat some food we couldn't go
with Dennis and Toras because Mike is on
the house arrest
yeah yep so he can't walk in with two
miles of his own house just to stay his
parents house why I'm not even tell you
why he's on the house arrest but one of
the things is he broke a cop's window
with a dildo how many people how many
what's the one of the one of the reasons
is I smashed a cop car window with the W
night
there's a rough night where you feel
like something reaches oh I wish no I
was like that's whack awesome he's just
one of those crazy nights alright so we
just get our food what's that baby so
when we well yeah we got level six
spices you got level ten how is it dude
you crea good it's clear my dog yeah so
we're doing some food challenges well
over here what do you want to do I think
we should do a Nutella you know Nutella
burrito Utah do you want me to eat a
fucking camera tell a bro
we'll do a little one as fast as we can
so now we don't ruin our diet
yeah my first viral video ever was a new
television really okay but how do we
know who eat more it just scraped off
the walls or as long as it's like flat
like how do we know you know Kuya the
judge will have a judge all right well
let's somebody will have a judge all
right
I'm chillier in the couch and look what
the rust brought me about me in the ice
cooler beers Thank You Charles
how's your new video guns good how's
your new video goes for you no it's for
me oh okay give me another life how can
I open this like right now anything that
was really smooth live you I'm glad you
like it thank you do it but you're
number one is not priority because your
glasses are not alright yeah you just
fit
I'm God you know oh good point
hi but thank you guys so you impress a
girl here you go say hi to my viewers
hello villains I get photos kiss new be
cut gala cop killer cock dinner delight
oh my god you're gonna do my in it
you're gonna do my anything you're gonna
see this for dying into those yeah yeah
we'll do it then not sorry but excuse me
with that eyebrow I have never never
seen chase again cuz I'm a tomato I
sister said he'd sleep last night I took
a nice big nap and now we woke up to B
dubs we're going to Buffalo Wild Wings
and look at that this is all the boys
right there
it's ask a tank over there yep so not
skating Frank tank they called it a
prank tank so and now look at all the
boys the rest of the boys are there
they're in the prank tank Tommy but a
vans and they turn into a prank man it's
pretty sick it's a great investment
cheers guys
you're gonna so Jay and I've logging and
we're making fun of dentists cuz it was
your idea it's a challenge cricket what
is it explain to what what do you do you
think that's so what's gonna happen is
these Yahoo's everyone here did this is
crazy
we have to blow it into each other and
there will be crickets in the middle so
whoever gets the cricket in this mouth
loses and the viral challenge is going
to cockaroach cockaroach hybri Wow let's
do it it was your idea but now you don't
want to do it no at least watch me yeah
you guys take a break wow that's a three
three two one blow
three-two-one
oh wow give mr. bucket look totally
disgusted this blog is disgusting
sorry guys I'm sorry I'm sorry
right now we got Pete going against
killing this is the championship cricket
blow contest all right here we go
Wow
you got a passcode hi guys i hopefully
enjoyed this vlog with everybody in it
another crazy challenges her ass through
object through you passed out today i
wasn't that long
thank you guys so much for watching oh
yeah Hannah was the way with good way
chicken Rio you anyways guys love these
dude I know I can't see your face with
down over there you go
