what's up villains good morning for some
of you might be evening but for me and
Nima it's morning and I'm about to rent
a car with NEMA so we can go for a drive
to the prank one of the models and she's
really hot I reached out to her and she
was interested in this prank so we're
about to do it and I think it's gonna be
a great what do you think about the
prank don't tell them about what do you
see what it is but it's going to be a
good one yeah we got the box for the
drive-thru it's like a glory hole yeah
good god dick in a box yeah you got the
camera
so we're waiting for an uber right now
and we're out to read the car and start
today sure what are you doing I mean I
just got I just got to the office and
look what Christian he's hoping in a
glory hole I'm Gloria my decorator
all right we're almost there Oh stick it
in she good at oh oh and that will make
the cameras they actually yeah I get so
much soul octa dies nice nice great job
dude good perfect
shit dude still didn't move shit oh hell
yeah oh yeah so then dude I think it
just it's like figure this out we're
here this out we need to acknowledge
dual level mayhem we're gonna figure out
the right spot but it could either be
slightly this like this we'll figure it
out but so now whenever you need me to
do any padding on it and anything good
if you want to just protect it but I
don't think we do do crazy sneakers I'll
see ya yeah but where's the boxes and of
course I'm eating cuz I'm in the office
and I didn't get any breakfast what's up
John where's Jonathan hey hey so you
gonna make me a movie star you got a
script for me you get a certain yeah you
got a script for me
Wow so I'm gonna be an auditioning for a
movie so I'm here with Jordan Carver and
Haken and we're talking about how we're
planning the spring we're here at the
conference room she's nervous
I'm very she's very nervous she
I'm pranking her life's and she doesn't
know how it's going to go down but I'm
gonna keep calming her down and it's
going to be great so we're excited about
this and we're gonna make this work
what up villains I'm here with Vitaly
yeah we are they know who I am I think
they know it's his own vlog so I think
you know who I'm with we are rigging up
the mic right now for the car so we get
all this audio for these uh unsuspecting
drive-thru people nice bradwick
fresh good job good job whoo that you
want to see that hello it's me John
Carla and I'm super fucking Duty nervous
you are you shaking Wow we just do why
don't we get it over so uh yeah just be
yourself
when you check out the show of your
caucus in your car with you can you give
me an example talking toward the window
cuz I have audio so I'm just checking
out here I want you to look pull up me
like so how much is it gonna be again
just say that out the window out the
window
how much is it again oh that sounds
perfect it sounds perfect to me so yeah
you comfort it like that and then they
actually do you want us do you want to
rig a little headphone thinks you lay
this way you can hear
I mean not all right if we trust the
audience on TV perfect so all right
how you guys feeling this is about to go
do our first take hey let me get you
some cash it's too much I don't know
what to say but it's crazy yeah here's
the luck all right well Jordans not a
prankster at heart so we're gonna make
sure she's comfortable but I think she's
gonna kill it and we're gonna run our
first drive-through in a second I have
never seen anybody so nervous before
come on Jordan yes no I know but that's
a good thing you're nervous adrenaline
you got to be your Adrenaline's so it's
our first reaction it's about to happen
it's about to happen curious they're
gonna react for sure we'll see we'll do
and look at the GoPro rolling in here
kiss perfect so we're going to take two
right now and if you guys want to check
out Jordan Carver
it's a Jordan Carver yeah you just type
in her name Carver
yeah I can't pronounce EI v ER so you're
into Fitness huh yeah how do you say
this in Russian hot you into fitness
dude stop Redskin what did she just say
no I don't know you say into fit I don't
know you put me on the spot I don't know
I don't know let me think about it I'll
let you know
I forgot how long have you lived here
four oh four years now four years nice
and what do you do fitness you squat do
squat these quads
yeah not squat here - Utley squat my
chick thought for me squatting and get a
bigger ass is kind of hard I never will
get this well it's the same thing was
like you should say you're a white chick
same thing with reactions the last guy
didn't react because he was Spanish if
it's a black guy hopefully black people
they give the best reactions they
overall always over exaggerate the
reaction so I think we're going to get a
good lineup spot number four spot number
four what's up dude what do you think
it's gonna be hilarious man it's a baby
we got to Inglewood
we'll see it let's see what's up oh you
look like a bad I was your gun the other
gun where's it gone
are you ready yeah let's go ice this one
just pull up and just the energy just
smile hey what's up like you're just
like out there you know so they may be
interactive maybe they're scared to be
like oh my God look at her like because
you're like why in the calabria hey
what's up but she's just the most
outgoing person ever you want me to take
the shot
take it off so Jules on to Joyce
that's here's nav√§ge what's up guys hey
is Vitaly with my boy right here now
we're pranking where are you guys how
can you guys not break through though
we're gonna have to get you guys over
here and do some pranks with my movie
come to Germany and then start kissing
like I did I gave a good-luck kiss to
Germany in the World Cup
look you guys long congratulations
Howie's wrong can't wait to meet you
guys I bye Missy Daniel okay so take a
picture I can't see your face with a
liver there you go it's patella but what
is that it's over don't ya look at this
this guy get paid a lot to do this Hey
look what he does doesn't do anything a
minute little bit of a dusting some
salad dummy up Puma 8 to 5 here you go
baby she's gone
hey bitches a long way rap rap yo yo
what's ours a hole bro quick tell easy
motherfucking you don't think you know
me up in the c-b-s motherfucking smoking
and this alright guys so I just got home
and I booked my ticket to Ohio right now
I'm heading to the airport last second
check out Nemo right here Nima's leaving
Guinea where you going bro we're leaving
I'm going to New York
you're packing to New York huh I'm all
packed and ready to go you're going to
Ohio
I'm gonna go see free speed Tom uh
what's his name
crazy Russian hacker Dre so yeah it's
gonna be a lot of fun I'm actually
flying to Cincinnati and then I might go
to Philly to kelabra Jesse which I
probably will and head to Miami but I
booked my ticket last second because it
was six hours before so I had to call in
and yeah but today was a fun day and by
the way my mom got a citizenship today
so hungry congratulations mom for
getting a citizen citizenship today mine
since I've been arrested the FBI is
still reviewing my cases I don't know
they want to give it to me or not so
hopefully we'll see I don't know but
anyways i'm off to Ohio
gonna do my final back to make sure any
forget anything and I'm out Sonia and I
are traveling but we're traveling
different ways to stun and no homo but
we decided to have a glass of wine you
know what nice we're taking our his the
flight is at 4:30 in the morning
mine is 11 at night so on a great way to
put yourself to sleep just drink some
little wine and get a buzz that's right
it's always good to cheers with you
whichever City we're in
yep we're traveling that's fucking going
to earn you bad
I need my my homie G see you later bro
so fun in New York right work hard
see you when you're back when I run by I
got Philly a thing at Miami and then I'm
gonna take my mom to Hawaii Oh
hopefully she's not watching this on for
ya these vlogs are gonna be epic it's
gonna but to get epic anyways guys let's
go so I just touched down Cincinnati and
I'm waiting for Dennis to come pick me
up I don't know they're probably gonna
try before something
but I'm not going to let that happen and
the weather here is actually pretty
beautiful it is nice
definitely not jacking whether it's
pretty fresh outside I would say by when
I got in Chicago that was freezing I
never been to Chicago you get invited a
lot but I never went there we go
but anyways let me call that a sincere
desire woo salute if I Fatah baby yo yo
yo what's up bro
Yeah right looking shine look my gosh hi
guys I'm here so it's gonna be a lot of
fun vlogs please thumbs up the slog like
comment subscribe
not a ChaCha hi guys I'm gonna have this
vlog from yesterday I'm gonna start a
fresh one for you guys today don't
forget the thumbs up and thank you so
much for watching
yo yo that's him
