what's up villains good morning gets on
with today what's up what's up I want my
boy Jimmy Christian and Christian and
today we're gonna go to the hood to pull
a prank and we're a little nervous we
all are we don't know what to expect but
we're about to find out
all right so just got to Venice Beach
with the boys and we're looking for the
right right place to get posted up the
right alley words fight yeah I want to
fight it's pretty nice out here today
Mother's Day we're such a great sons
look at all of us was fighting the day
with mothers there all right so we got a
couple reactions I don't think they were
that good but we're gonna keep trying
what do you guys think yeah we're gonna
tweaks we got to do the tweaks we can do
but for sure yo Chris yo Jimmy no stop
why'd you do that
stop why'd you do that why'd you do it
why'd you do that what'd you do that Wow
all right brah keep walking Jimmy blocks
up
let him come yeah we just moved here
oh yeah what's up brah so what do you
think is a guy look more sketchy like
this jouji scared
dude he's nervous yes no because I know
he wants to work out like yeah now we're
gonna make this happen
Jim is killing it so far but you guys
not a prankster so you don't know
Frank's not the sketches you know they
do something that I was gonna do but I
couldn't do the Coptics it takes too
much brain to dispense your big brain
yeah that's it
so it's not going as planned to go I
expected more reactions but it's uh no
everybody's dead and then I heard a
homeless guy right got shot three days
ago in Venice Beach and tensions are
high so you know what is phased by the
shattering Oh Jimmy teacher I don't give
a shit about him it's okay that's crazy
anyways reception we're gonna look at
the callee is too famous now oh yeah
knows it's a prank because they're like
oh it's that prankster God you and Frank
I know probably yeah baby that's what it
is
even though you guys took more pictures
than I did today so anyways we're
heading back we're heading back right
now and yeah I'm gonna try to get two
more on the way back but it's not
looking good for my answer do a little
reschedule movie yo check out that drive
through that guy's og oh my god that's
funny
it was a helmet - I think my boys was
the cheers bro don't ordered you yeah
we're ready to order right up to the
cheese are I got cheese all right guys
happy Mother's Day
just chilling getting some sushi and
after sushi I'm gonna go see my mom say
hi and then buy her some flowers and go
say hi to my mom you wanted she's from
Miami
she said she's from Miami no we'd want
to do an oyster shooter with you sure I
don't know what that is she's from Miami
big Sam Sam so we're getting ready to go
and you just got this what that was do I
always get the weird food this is a
moister shooter so there's moisture
there's like eggs or sake there's that
looks absolutely disgusting
Oh next time I get the mixer that was
there no thank you I don't know that
look pretty good God would be
adventurous was it oh wow that's pretty
good
I just dipped my finger in there all
right I figured that glass
I can't say how do you say yes where we
at 10,000 mo checks
you know it's really nice of Milkshakes
we're talking about millions here this
stockbroker is not the right one on that
correctly
anyways sighs I would say the stock
market will be ain't closed in 2000 make
sweet haha was ya know you were talking
about thousands of Milkshakes as
millions of Michigan we're talking about
millions here
thousands were back in 2004 no we're
both stockbrokers we're in the office
right now anyways what's up guys I'm
just feeling a bit
what's up guys so we add millions of
Milkshakes and we are gonna get some
hotel emotion X what kind of motion did
you get I got built around our nose
cookie dough
I'm gonna get a double Nutella with
Ferrero anything about that one Nutella
is and ice was a little beast
what are you good
yo I definitely recommend it if I don't
play so I'm heading to my mom's place
and I ate all her chocolates so I'm
right here right now deciding I'm trying
to look for her favorite chocolate which
is salt dark chocolate and salt but I
can't find any the salty dark chocolate
that's what it is so but it's painful to
be in this section because I just had a
milkshake and I'm about to get some more
chocolate that's not good
so this is the chocolate I'm getting
from my mom after ate hers and she
called me and said why did you eat my
chocolate you fat-ass my blah blah blah
blah so she's what you get it here's a
chocolate that I ate oh my god yeah you
can be fat stop so my mom and I are
going through some photos together old
photos like from 1998 or so what
happened here yeah it was like four
years old so and I brought the cake and
put in a table so in u.s. trying to
impersonate George easily do you
remember Musk you sure you still love
myself wait so you've leaned back in the
chair and he was trying to show how he
does he put his feet on the table and
smoke cigar oh he was trying to copy
here with your feet right yeah the cake
so no one because you smash it like so I
basically was a prankster oh my god I
was like no just princess
like yeah I'm gonna head out mom what do
you know yeah yeah what are you doing oh
my god oh it works I thanks for
everything enjoy your chocolate I'm
gonna go enjoy my mom I gotta go to the
gym tomorrow
time to go oh the light with the light
with the light yeah I - I feel it thank
you so much for watching this vlog
tomorrow's vlog is gonna be fun and sexy
because I'm getting a model to do a
prank with me that I've been planning
for a really really really long time and
she got some huge Tatas
so anyways guys you're gonna enjoy it
tomorrow's vlog and let me know if you
enjoyed this vlog and let me know if he
been enjoying these vlogs and if I
should keep doing them alright anyways
don't forget to thumbs up this log you
know guys I love you thank you so much
for watching and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
let's do dine yet so you want me to take
a picture of you why well because I took
a picture I took a picture I took a
beautiful you just don't like any
picture
