good morning villains how you doing I'm
here with my bros yeah yeah I know yeah
that's all the TMZ interview teams in
community my boy Logan look here at the
earth cafe about to get some breakfast
and then me and Logan I head out to
where primitive Jeremy did the peril
pretty bit of peril yeah they want to
hook me up with some free clothing so
I'm gonna go to literally rob their
store I'm gonna take everything to have
all the shoes Nathan do nothing about it
yep because they want me to go there so
I'm gonna go yo guys check out this
coffee's these are the best Spanish
lotsa so you can ever would probably get
Spanish lotsa with an extra shadow
expresso this tastes like heaven right
it tastes so good yeah - I need a bird
that know you what is mine what is mine
like it was a projection of your life yo
check this out man that looks pretty
freaking it awesome probably Stacey
where's your food while you're in the
diet really turn the diet what is your
food damn that looks so good you want
some fried Emiliano hopefully you drive
safe back to San Diego yeah yeah
show me for camera-ready oh that shit
looks fresh on camera Wow oh my mom was
there almost there I'm Ileana have a
drive safe have a drive safe home
everything's right already
thank you for missing all right now it's
time to go get free clothes let's go get
some free clothes all right well I was
supposed to go to the shop and Logan but
I guess I'm all this traffic and rain we
couldn't make it right on time so I
guess we have to reschedule for another
day so no free gear for me today now
what are we gonna do what I'm gonna do
today I got to do a couple of errands
what are you gonna do today oh you gotta
get a new license yeah get out of the
DMV that's always fun when TV was a test
drive some little test drive some lambis
yeah right
I don't know we'll see once you ever do
so since it was raining all day I
decided to stay home and come see my mom
what's up mom
hey dogs hello hey okay since Friday
night why are you gonna sit home and
Friday night I'm starving let's go now
what's going on what's going on
all right so we decided to make a stop
with this beautiful restaurant what does
it call yeah the old laureates on its in
Beverly Hills it's pretty nice
atmosphere except this thing absolutely
can
it's Friday night what do you want
and I'll get a rest of non-aggressive
was just uh to to to what should a about
vaca rebel one sec I know if it's a lot
of you took a lot of our bark of every
looks bad although what really so my mom
wants to and then my mom wants to lose
yeah and you want to live with me one
house crazies by the way the host is
this set us down she's like is this your
mother you prank and if he yep and she
was pretty cute
what if she's watching this
all right cheers mom so nice healthy
living
cheers Cheers choose love you know you
don't yes I do no you don't prove it
how do you prove it by calling me this
is your mom guys calling you 10 times a
day and that's the laundry my building
so no order big fat so you want me to
take a picture of you why because I took
a picture I took a picture I took a
beautiful you just don't like any
pictures I don't know
it's beautiful picture I took a great
picture
zoomed in all the way why you want a
picture
all right just you always have to take
pictures with me me me I think about
picture I don't have enough big tubas
you okay here we go
I asked my son to take a picture man
yeah then you hope like being the
microphone all right okay he took the
pictures they're like really look they
imagine their disease freaking picture
is like disaster
each one is better than three
Hey look like a media thing Shh relax
check out them dishes have some more
please some more
well getting you so much cheese they're
just it's hot it's hot will do that I do
it it's alright don't worry I got an
answer
yeah just fill it up two more
all right man that was a great dinner it
was nice spending time with you hope you
have a great night bye Matilda Matilda
by Edward I had work so I just got home
from dinner with my mom and guess who
shows up this guy Mike the connect EMC
baby heart instead of party he's like oh
yeah the two guys in your apartment now
I'm about to head out to a club on my
first birth for my boys birthday and I'm
sure he has one bunch of girls so we
just pre-gaming
so what's up guys I'm here with Muhammad
huh yes so because the doctor party are
you ready
hell yeah we're tomorrow Mike went home
with a girl so we're we're heading to
the after party and Mohammed is the boy
we're about to get out there and destroy
the party are you ready of course oh
hell yeah yo Muhammad before you picked
me up you told me I use the vitaliy from
YouTube so where you know me what was my
last video yeah
what did I do you pretend you're a
lifeguard and girls and oh wow you know
what what's the best one I like yeah the
best I liked when you were looking for
drugs would be on the 500 the 500 man
suite from I'm Jordanian dude Dani and I
yes give me this bus is it dangerous to
go to Jordan right now of course not
oh yeah serious different country so
Jordan No hell yeah oh you the man have
five I found it oh hell yeah
thank you very you
so I'm chilling at this after-party look
on man yeah
okay guys so Elaine go ahead bro go
three two one not your pranksters - need
a hug he goes natural born right here hi
guys thank you so much for watching this
vlog I hope that you enjoyed thank you
thank you thank you so much don't forget
to thumbs up and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
let's see Tanya here you go hello
oh yeah this is for you guys take it
