here you go
hello how are you this is for you guys
take it take it no okay
looks like we're on the ice cream date
how are you Cheers
hi my name is Vitaly nice to meet you
what are you doing over here with your
son you got you guys look bored what
happened is he too young to play speed
in law let's play rock-paper-scissors
you know how to play rock-paper-scissors
you know us okay so if you win if you
went you slap me but if I win I get to
get your number
are you single you're a single mom
aren't you read that off me
honey ice cream is you're getting a
little wet be careful alright let's play
rock-paper-scissors you can eat ice
cream you don't you don't to eat it is
it too much oh here it's fine
that's better you don't want the ice
cream so I guess you want something else
you want a nice a red wine or something
you don't wait to take your Chanel or
leave the tongue is that what you want
all right let's play rock-paper-scissors
it's 1 out of 1 ready Rock Paper
Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot up that's it
now I get two digits that's all not
classy digits not gonna have your home
phone number no your real phone number
maybe just give me my email no email
your phone number
would I be you know like chocolate of
course you know how to stick your liquor
no I don't work here don't worry watch
this please clean
they're coming they heard me you ain't
your twenty degree heat okay do you
think that name do you think that
American should be mad cuz the Superbowl
is right around the time that they would
have the wrong
