good morning villains how are you guys
how are you
whoa another day in paradise I'm in LA
so I'm going to pick up christian right
now to pick up props for my new prank
that I'm gonna be filming with Jimmy
Tatro and Christian piers I'm sure you
guys seen their sketches they're pretty
good yeah they all of their YouTube
channels so we're gonna do a
collaboration together and I'm gonna go
pick up some props and these vlogs are
gonna get excited because I'm actually
going on and I told you guys earlier
thing on May 11th I'm going to Ohio and
after Ohio
I might go to Philadelphia collaborate
with Jesse from prank vs. prank and then
I want to take my mom out on some Island
and I'm gonna block with her for about 7
days and I might be going to Russia in
June so a lot of exciting blogs are
coming your way guys a lot how was that
party last night
Jaffar I don't know but I laughed and
then and then we came back I got one to
get McDonald's that I haven't ate
McDonald's in two years and that passed
I remember the amount of cake I ate him
everything did you fall after I left I
said today I'm gonna go to Nemo's
birthday dinner and that should be fun
welcome to LA baby welcome to a late
welcome to LA so this is where we're
going tonight Magic Castle huh for
Nima's birthday were going to dinner and
they were going to the castle see you've
been there before Christian something a
little more about it's crazy magic just
cool magic and the magic of clothes and
you can't get in if you were us unless
you're wearing a suit with the tie so
today I'm gonna
wearing my Thailand suit better God will
see how fresh I look I probably gained a
few pounds after eating all that and
tell us hopefully if it's on me so we
just got to the warehouse and look
there's all these beautiful options that
have they have a whole warehouse here
and I'm assuming all these posters this
is the movies that working was this
crazy hangover
prior to the Korean man Wow miss Jolly
Ranchers our head all right so let's
time to decide we break our bottles is
there crazy do you make think glass they
make it here so this day was a hustle
and Emily I Emiliano Oh Emiliano you
guys remember a movie and a banana
we bought the goat that was a memory of
him yeah do you remember watch her go to
Vietnam do you remember that vlogger
named me on a banana that's most
beautiful gold I ever seen in my life
yeah this is due to some San Diego so he
came we're gonna go to Nemo's birthday
party so relate because Nemo's already
that you but you came late from San
Diego you got a lot of traffic on the
audience always usually get there late
oh I love it I love it so we're heading
to Nemo's birthday what's a restaurant
called Kazuya absolutely sushi and they
were heading to Magic Castle so let's
see let the night begin on look we're
wearing suits looking fresh yeah except
me gaining so much weight off the
Thailand now they barely manage what
that's my nose weather
we just got to dinner and eating food
it's awesome huh eating straight on the
play they give it to take a little bit
if I'm late now
well it's my play now cheers Cheers me
ma
cheers baby cheers guys everybody has a
shot
Jojo cheers guys take mine dick might
win this thing a shot take mine
so what is this tell him a little about
1997 my own tennis shoe I saw your work
on the models yeah
when this guy's a photographer I mean he
saw apart
Wow look at that he shop for GQ for
everything you possibly
the man he has a beautiful wife I don't
know how she's with them all these
photos I've never seen with so many
women now my hey name is here to watch
watch the NEMA right there look at NEMA
I remember nothing in there alright
ladies first come on come on we're gonna
have a nice little after-party yeah we
gonna must touch you get some massage
for the win
wow that's just like yours do we need
another one I call this is mine Batali
all right all right cool you call me and
you go together no no I want to be
all right come come me and Emiliano go
solo go with the girls let them all
ladies anyway you got a good birthday
right there was your growth nice so no
cameras allowed guys I'm sorry but Magic
Castle is not all right bye-bye
gonna be a secret guys I'm sorry you
find out lady three guys seven girls
we'll see what happens
we can
yeah I'm here outside of worry we're the
TMZ boys what's up guys what's up I'm
great no but you got to win one out of
one it of course yes yes yes yes how
will you worked out for you after hour
and an hour for Jo that's about it with
the chief but they got the role of
Italian I know but I got I got love for
you guys nothing Russia no 2018 Russia
and I yeah but there's Russia coming out
before that yeah okay they might switch
it to the winter to December okay to
avoid the big game under 20 degree heat
okay
do you think that name do you think that
Americans should be mad this is Super
Bowl
no because Americans don't watch soccer
a real football you know football the
football came from the term kick in it
and American football is will you throw
it yeah so the real goal I got my boys
are here look at this so you offered me
an uber a ride with this you're a
special one look at that I never seen
anything like that you're gonna see no
video we have worse you go yeah
yeah emiliana you so sweet
you bought the whole thing let's go come
on baby
all right villains thank you so much for
watching this vlog happy birthday to
NEMA and that TMZ those teams you guys
are pretty crazy those questions I don't
forget to thumbs up this log I love you
guys thank you so much and I will see
you tomorrow
Masoud Anya make a wish
Nicholas
