what's up villains I know I'm starting
this vlog late but I don't know what I'm
doing here why am I doing here but I was
sitting on the couch pretty bored and
this is where I ended up I'm in Vegas
why why am I here why so Kirk and I
supposed to meet up I called my boy
Santiago you guys met him he represent
four channel Ronaldo so he told me to
come he pushed me to comment everybody's
here for the fight in beautiful Las
Vegas and I decided to get my ass here
so here I am in Las Vegas so I'm just
here getting back into my car after
getting some liquor and these guys like
is this enough time is this enough
something like yeah like oh is this good
Ali what's up guys what up bro you guys
you guys from Vegas so what you guys up
to here and we get some liquor yeah
Oh for you too I would be a pair of
YouTube videos how much do you think I
don't know what's your good news here
look at this you paid the price for a
fucking cheaper room this is what you
get oh here here's my shoe not here kill
what oh there's a lot of them bro that's
nasty bro that's disgusting
we should fucking complain yeah and get
our money back
know that now look tomorrow what are
they coming from where how did they get
in window it's a nice vacation vacation
I mean if I turn out the light
everything's gonna be good it's finally
just moths they just eat through eat
through your skin clothes know your skin
I'm not for the blog of what it's like
you take this lamp and just fuck I
thought that was a mock on top of it oh
my god no I'm not gonna fucking come
back to this and sleep of this what
happens day two we here at Chipotle look
at this and less Vegas and look at these
cockroaches they stopped by they're like
well here's the vlog I got Kurt boy the
tie nobody nobody hey we we came here
yesterday and we were on FaceTime we
decided to come here at eight o'clock at
night we talked to them FaceTime for
about an hour and a half deciding what
we're gonna do and now look at us
now we're freaking here we're in fucking
hell that's what I consider Vegas is it
tell Sin City whoo so we're going to DJ
cardassia's the DJ carnage invited me to
set amor Kia with Kirk so we headed to
his room right now we're just going to
chill pregame do our little thing and
yeah we'll see what happens from there
doing Kirk so if we're going to ask you
how was how's that rape charge you still
in court for that or yeah he's on trial
for rape
justjust totally your girls not that bad
that's that's too far I thought it was
just the beginning
yeah whatever happens on Vegas stays on
YouTube yo guys so like I told you the
Jakarta agenda now is what's our problem
I was gonna bring you a burrito your
stuff that you're bowling you don't you
have any time huh okay wait now we're
about to have a good time
oh no I did have a good time until we're
about to have a good time we're about to
have an amazing I hope so we'll see you
marque carnage
fatality yeah good job turn it up turn
it up turn it up the whole to Nadal's
all right so when I go to the bathroom
so we got to MGM and I told Kurt we're
gonna get into a fight and we're like
how we can get into hiding I didn't
believe I started believe it or not it's
$20 about $3,000 and
ticket we got sold to 1500 - so
basically another two degrees three
fights
why because of the roulette are you
ready for the biggest fight ever
yeah yeah are you guys excited about the
fight we're excited to see you but the
fights going to be awesome
judge at ringside Dave Moretti stores
about 118 to 110 the same 116 to 112
so I decided to break this vlog up into
two days because I didn't get enough
footage and it's Sunday I had it too out
back and this is the beautiful Las Vegas
and this is the beautiful shine equals
you guys though you guys are you guys
that each cheat Shaniqua no you're not
all right I'm just wondering would you
like to rush in the brook I'm just
wondering
but your outfit is on fleek chocolate is
my favorite you get you can't go wrong
with that have fun ladies
so I decided to break this blog up into
two days because I didn't get enough
footage and it's Sunday I had it too out
back and this is the beautiful Las Vegas
and this is the beautiful shine equation
you guys know you guys are you guys that
eat sheets really close no you're not
eat you okay
just wondering would you like to
question what I'm just wondering doesn't
ask
but your outfit is on fleek chocolate is
my favorite you get you can't go wrong
with that have fun ladies now looks tris
chelate
do you boy so after a nice steak lunch /
dinner we got back to the room and this
is how our room looks this is destroyed
anyway so we're gonna chill right now I
already chilled recovered from the
hangover I'm about to go on this trip
it's the last day I decided to stay a
little bit longer with Kirk so we're
gonna go and we were supposed to leave
this morning and like every other trip
we extend all right here we go Vegas at
night baby
look at that mood and look at that Tower
that looks pretty sick that's something
like you see in a scary movie guys you
picking up girls bro I turn
it's kind of cute I picked above y'all
guys so get a new car today you guys
ready to see my new car
boo dude I should pick up girls in this
car I'm on their Instagram really this
is awesome
that's a pussy magnet right here I'm not
Vitaly I just carried this camera you
take the camera with you sexy boy you
look good bro sighs you look like an IT
secretary a man yeah my god so fun enjoy
it yeah
five villains thank you so much for
watching this vague aslope I hope you
guys enjoyed it there's gonna be a lot
of exciting blogs coming up for you guys
I'm going next week to Ohio to
collaborate with dentists for you speeds
Tom made Jay crazy Russian hacker and
many more so it's gonna be a lot of fun
vlogs and thank you for supporting this
channel watching this vlog so don't
forget to thumbs up and thank you so
much for your support right thank you
all right thank you
all right guys let's do Daniel go pick
up some girls $35 ticket $25 ticket what
do you want all right was your but
what's your favorite artist done what
the fuck is that great answer
