good afternoon you sexy villains how you
doing hopefully you guys then absolutely
fantastic because look where we had
Christian and I what's up Christian
yep filming in your prank video look how
beautiful it is out to the absolutely
breathtaking and there's a lot of
Huntington Beach is known for a lot of
hot girls so we are here when one of the
pranks I'm gonna do and I think it's
gonna go good yeah we've got a little
nice little bag for where the stuff we
need for this prank yeah it should be
good now there's a big waves out there
oh yeah yeah this beer is so much higher
than the Santa Monica
Drive off dude I shouldn't take my car
alright
vitaliy got his life I'm sure this is
what I need this is our name for the
video this is all I need for the video
I'll leave it up to your imagination of
what we're doing but that's all we need
yeah I'm trying I'll try you know
geography just nonchalantly just wasn't
my fault
yeah I do so we just got this lifeguard
shirt and it's really funny when you
guys see this prank with the live with
the power of the shirt we'll do the
beach you just watch I'm just gonna keep
feeling I'm gonna cancel Vidya
let's watch our demo chance they're
gonna hop out of the car
yeah just my cousin's car right now look
at that metallic no way the sheets are
what attracted so we're getting a break
done today
quick selfies quick selfies get it
thanks guys have a good do I look
official guys look at this mmm fish so
pretty look at you it's a nice beautiful
picture open it uh like shit there's a
lot of hot babes here a lot
woof damn I'm gonna go baby i'ma go yo
what's up I got some friends from
Australia I'm trying to attack since I
came back to sup guys let's take a big
one smells like weed Testament like me
and one
props to the photographer so Cristiano
and I are getting some really really
really good reaction surprisingly what
do you think bro chicas are falling yeah
all the old Italia the old vitaly
picking up girls to get up and picking
up girls Wow
I forgot wanted the last time I picked
up girls just like this walking around
on the beach and just picking them up
huh
I'm enjoying this so much you ready to
get some more reactions more numbers my
phone number so many hot girls here oh
if you guys want some girls and you live
in California Huntington Beach baby
Huntington Beach all right guys we just
finished an epic epic epic video and a
beautiful Huntington Beach is about five
o'clock time to drive back and skip the
traffic the girls were pretty pretty
alright today they're cute
what would you say get cute are they
cute then dude I got a lot of girls
number two I got seven numbers today
seven numbers today solid see a nice
sometimes sometime what's up bro I I got
seven numbers today and I'm not just
saying that oh I'm so cool cuz I'm
telling you guys anybody can do it just
go out there and just just a ridiculous
pickup line just ridiculous girls you're
gonna make him laugh and if you're ugly
you're still gonna get the number look
at me you guys to all of attalos
good-looking no ugly shit you already
know
what kind of party of they're having
right now those tick is sponsored move
it engine we're gonna make their own
time we're an hour and a half away and
the party started 20 minutes so again I
mean what kind of party lasts is two
hours before singing haystack we're
gonna be there at the perfect time for
sure mundo para fuck amor or a
literature no matter cutter at home a
full report no party don't start mm
berezin kidding we tell the sandwich
time what's up guys what's up what's up
you guys circle-jerk get out of here and
see it is a circle two more two more
just do give us a piece of pizza because
the food was we're starving we need but
this guy give us a piece of coke pizza
would he do the cookies
yeah there's not enough drinks here but
there's definitely enough food here
there's definitely not enough drinks
here look at these guys look at all this
and the kitchens full of tequila tequila
tequila tequila beer and look at that
food oh yeah great
you fucking left me this salad you
fucking left me just so told myself I'm
not gonna drink today but these ladies
look what they brought me can't resist
that it's really good it's like a girl
drink you don't taste alcohol but you
get drunk where you going with that they
need help taking your boyfriend yeah
awesome
he's your sugar daddy and you're and
you're the gold digger
oh she's honest that's a good one what
like in the body oh I thought you say
like you're in the butt anyways
Chelsea hooked me up with this book I
hope they serve beer in hell Tucker max
what's the name I think I already been
on for a long time with all the stories
have you guys read this book I'm pretty
sure they did but what's the name of the
book called on max or well that's a
catchy ass name for a book okay he's
going to hell and he would like beer
there oh that's what it means
hmm number one New York bestseller
really were they good what you're not a
Mennonite well I can't wait to read a
book haven't read a book since Harry
Potter's like chapter one book the first
book and then I read goosebumps because
there
the easiest books to read so I can't
wait to read this book and make my own
book ups apparently writing a book yeah
I don't know where this is going but
should be good right CIA's gonna make it
happen oh yeah
so guys I just got a home couple hours
ago and I've been working on this new
bring better shot today so far so good
Final Cut X yeah final content if you
want or when I'm editing on so I've been
editing editing editing and I'm gonna
show you the clips that I'm not going to
use what's up guys
hi I'm gonna have to give you guys a
ticket for music music being too ratchet
it's way too loud the people are
complaining it's too many curse words
some songs and stuff so I'm gonna what's
up do you want a ticket for talking back
I'm gonna give you a $25 ticket is that
okay
where you from so you should go back to
Montana then I'm sorry but that's the
way that these beach works
so you can bring music but you can't
just listen to ratchet music there's
difference music and ratchet music well
what kind of music what kind of music do
having your phone
well I'm seeing big picture so I $35
ticket $20 ticket what do you want
alright was your but what's your
favorite artist and what the fuck is
that great answer you know what I'm
still gonna give the ticket here you go
enjoy you got you have a what the beach
rules you can't listen to ratchet music
you can't play football you can be from
Montana
you can't like Luke Bryan and you get a
ticket
you go enjoy $20.00 I'm fucking with you
it's for you take the 20 bucks yeah you
got you got you you guys are allowed to
do whatever you want
that's what being so mean to just I
wanted to get um well he goes your sneak
peak hope you guys liked it it's 2:00
a.m. I'm gonna go to bed because I want
to film tomorrow again so thank you so
much for watching this vlog if you made
it to the end let me know and give it a
huge thumbs up thank you guys and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
Missy Dania is this the one don't touch
that shit is it what is it 2015
Aventador oh wait is that Kanye's the
maric√≥n yes
