all right so I'm in the office I'm
looking for Vitali
I think the first place to look is
probably the kitchen so I'm gonna head
there
oh there is
what are you doing over here eating it
just all over me well it's not me I see
no one else in this kitchen that wasn't
there is no one here and this is not a
worm oh I'm an apple girl I think I
caught him red-handed guys how you doing
as you know what I'm doing I'm eating
breakfast
we're solution on the end you're not
mean if the viewers are getting hungry
so just get the collective ate some good
breakfast free breakfast again and now
we're gonna have a Russian hitman
comedian and some writers for a show is
that Russian show serious mm-hmm
you want to make a Russian hit munch I'm
serious yeah I already said hi to them
and I was just like maybe we can meet in
my office or Gary's office look at that
beautiful view Wow look at this
Wow I love LA sometimes nah it's pretty
sick no clouds in the sky get that cash
get that cash get that money got to make
some money now this is fake so it looks
pretty fucking real Wow
cook to bang what is that supposed to
mean you cook do you get in the girl
panties or what anyways this show is not
guaranteed we're just gonna be talking
about it so we'll see what happens but
still this is pretty awesome that have a
writers coming and bitching me these
ideas it's pretty cool
there's a motor where's the motor in the
back you wanted me to eat shit ready you
want to go right into the hole yeah one
of these what do you buy but there's no
exercise Utley you just chill pretty
much boy if you're going long distance
yeah yeah you can chill
wow I don't think you think you did a
good job sexy it's a basic bike the bike
yeah so who's why cos it's pretty sleepy
Joe yeah it's your company come on
really can you hook me up can you send
me some free bikes wanna give away from
my fans give you nice enough and give
one away from my pants yeah this is
pretty sick Joe I definitely want one of
these bikes these bikes are sick all
right so I left the office had a great
meeting now I'm in the beautiful Santa
Monica Boulevard guess where I'm at my
best place ever my food foods so I just
went to the gym had a nice little chest
and try workout spice with the girls
tries for the guys and now after I get
my food I'm actually gonna my friends
coming in town from Dubai do you
remember who the guy who ran who rented
me the Lambos and all the nice cars the
Ferraris he's coming to do chale and
then he's going to Vegas and then he's
going to Miami so they dragged me to all
these places but I don't know if I'm
gonna go
stay here maybe Vegas for the fight but
as of right now I'm gonna get some food
so I haven't seen my friend since the
bye let's see this the Tali nice to meet
you
yo what's up baby look at you Bob Bob
said this is the Bob this is the dude
that hooked me up with all the Lambos
and Ferraris and Rolls Royces and Dubai
how does it feel to be in America yeah
they stopped him I thought it was a
thought it was terrorists of course
racist racist such as got to their hotel
Hotel California Beverly Hills that I'm
trying to flush this through it's like
to show you my piss but yeah I don't
know yo yeah there's a dryer - it's
coming straight out of the toilet isn't
this the toy gaming to buy is this the
one
don't touch that shit is it what is it
does the 50 an Aventador oh wait is that
Kanye's the maric√≥n yes No
so drove the better one or no Bray I got
a brand new one
you got brand new one you guys got to
get hooked up and to buy you got it to
this guy
what is Alexa wants to lose anymore look
at that plugin boy oh by the way guess
where we're going we're going back to
the airport we're here when Dubai we're
in LA bro shit we go to the airport you
forgot his bags your friends didn't pick
up your bags for you oh sure
this is your rental 2015 look at this
boy you Bali baby whoo so you never had
your polar oh this my fuzz this guy had
never had cheap Oatley guys sorry I'm
about to lose your Rachel chipotle
virginity yeah I'm recording I'm just
recording my friend Ella
oh yeah see in LA we got to get a pass
so we can't record this beautiful food
but here you go guys what do you think
how you like it
we can't do Chipotle without a dessert
and so make sure to tell it to get us is
gonna be there 50 cent extra I'm gonna
say okay yeah the chocolate hazelnut
alright I can I get extra and Sela yep
make sure Nutella and extra milk
chocolate crunch two scoops just groups
of Nutella the peanut butter cups
dark chocolate crisps dami good old it
always yep cheesecake Runa you do where
we're at well it's Heidi hey Heidi the
cheese stick they're new they have it
yeah little bit of cheesecake to top it
off and a little bit of strawberries
goes right here that's good and I'll get
up some strawberries to make it a little
sour so it feel like it's healthy and
that's about it thank you just got to
the airport and once again there's
always problems the office is closed how
does it make you feel close I've got my
clothes now how do you feel when I by
the way when I lost my bag in Vietnam
guys I literally like lost it forever
what's up so yeah literally lost the
Vietnam Airlines lost my bag forever
what's up bro what's up bro how you
doing seeing all these awesome beautiful
people or recognizing me and I'll say
International Airport's you know why he
had international airports when I don't
travel to come here because look all
these people traveling air friends
London Africa Japan he's in Bob wet an
article and I'm not traveling I love
traveling look these people are
traveling why am I not traveling shit
but I just traveled cover the world
I feel like in three months so I need a
break I need a break and make some
fucking epic viral videos sorry sorry
baby go fuck sorry bro it's Emirates
Airlines you know they didn't lose your
back he's not a loser but he wanted that
one he don't know and you said they was
a dope huh and you said Vietnam didn't
lose my hair back the way you should if
they caught up my bag is gone so today
an American Express ain't even help me
and I'm mayor I put the three American
Express my theory you go to Ebay Vietnam
you see Batali's close to the premium on
yeah I wish I had a lady told me she's
like if you have any valuable stuff and
I was it yeah a laptop so they can you
take it out we're really aggressive with
like no I can't take it out and I ended
up taking it out and thank God cause I
wouldn't have it we were walking out of
the airport and I told them I think that
asian honk I'm sorry is this mine
you have to try a couple times in the
airport they just like yeah I go there
go ahead it's all tomorrow so this is so
you don't understand what I went through
to tried to find my back in Vietnam but
they still it's gone guys if you see
your stuff on eBay remember message the
link this hilarious but anyway so yeah I
think they found is back
you got your back bro nice bro oh yeah
wow you're lucky today you're lucky
hi my sexy villains thank you so much
for watching this vlog I really
appreciate thank you guys and let me
know in the comments below if I should
go to Vegas this weekend and vlog there
I'm playing if you go to Baltimore yeah
don't ask why I know there's protests
and all that I'm planning to do like a
big big huge prank so I might go there
but let me know let me know what's up
guys
check out these villain hats you guys
asked me for them they come in in and
I'm gonna preorder I'm gonna have to
preorder a link soon so let me know if
you guys want some too so yeah let me
know if I should go to Vegas and let me
know if you want the villain and it's
alright I'll see you guys in the vlog
tomorrow thank you so much again and I
love you all right let's see Tanya see
you later
what this you are life is
