so now I'm gonna vote everyday like
right now 8 minutes are still opposed to
give me a chance one more time
I will be on the track again just please
forgive me for everything I have done
what's up villains good morning I'm
heading to collective's office as you
can see I'm in a good mood you're in a
good mood too
halt let me get my key card out look at
this isn't I'm pretty cool that I have
my key card is in my wallet and I can
just do that I'm in baby I'm in I'm in
I'm in I'm in oh nice you guys really
want to know why I'm coming to
collector's office because they just
restocked in their kitchen so they
probably have some Nutella rule what did
I say what did I say - happy I told you
Nutella right here every week they
refreshing up on this look at this I
should take one home I just do it oh yes
that's right baby
oh yes yes sucker chef fellas everybody
does that little open we won't go eating
it though you see realtor mm-hmm
oh you invited about new ones they
listened to you why did you think I came
to the office listen to your advice hmm
you got a whole nother one albert camus
chocolate ooh
I was on my way to the gym I decided to
stop here like I said earlier because
it's a new week so they refilled it and
look I just opened this Nutella and it's
almost gone four slices of bread later
who do you think did you want one too
yeah sexy boy the wild fucking hobo up
here's what's up baby you hype today bro
how much your coffee drink this is dope
as hell accept me being a little sick so
now you treat me I get everything from A
to Z you have everything from a to the Z
chili here with Christian waiting for my
Nutella to get down super tired but yeah
now we're brainstorming some ideas
my prank should be live soon still
editing and yeah there's gonna be a lot
of a lot of a lot of fun stuff coming up
hope you guys are ready and you know how
do you guys like me doing these daily
vlogs I skip on like day or two but hey
I'm delivering more content than I ever
did before on this channel so but I
actually like it you know I just you
guys will said if I'm not doing anything
you just want to see me on the couch lay
down or Here I am talking to you it's
how babies are you doing so yeah but
anyways that starts tomorrow
so yesterday I almost landed a no slide
on a picnic table and like John does
look super surprised
our almost looks I don't believe that I
think you had somebody edit that are you
serious why because I look at this
yeah maybe I should go back into skating
so I ate a collective guess where I just
got I just got to my mom's house to eat
more I went to collect it to have a
Nutella sandwich and now I came here to
eat I'm just using people for food guys
I'm telling you the truth
yep it's just came here to eat
quick nice little dinner all I do is eat
guys smoking season what is this this is
protein what is this roasted green weeds
okay so it's not like rice yeah it's
pretty good what are you doing look what
are you doing it's all in the couch stop
oh my god why are you making math cuz I
love it I don't know why but I got sick
and look at my mom's doing her job -
she's give me honey
Oh a little honey my throat hurts and I
might go to Vegas you know i'ma go to
Vegas this Saturday for the fight
because I might go to my friends coming
from Dubai actually tomorrow maan and he
wants to take me to Vegas so I'm still
debating if I should go or not it's
gonna be fun blogs but I also don't be
hey don't be a hater don't you want me
to walk your dogs
no really I'm gonna go party with Justin
Bieber
what last time I was there he invited me
Rudy invited me to his penthouse party
and that was pretty sick
so maybe round two I'm not sure about
enough I came to Vegas Vegas as a hell
place it's not that good tell you're
gonna suck you in make you homeless see
you later
what this you are but I love you thank
you for the honey thanks thank you
alright villains thank you so much for
watching this vlog I know it's kind of
short because I feel sick but can't do
much anyways thank you for being so real
thank you for all the comments thanks
for all the lights thanks to the haters
you are you guys guys don't mind you
thanks for watching bye anyways you guys
know who my villains are thank you guys
so much for everything I really love you
wish I could meet all of you and thank
you personally but unfortunate I can but
maybe one day
oh well anyways love you guys alright
thank you for watching see you guys
tomorrow
let's meet Anya
