good morning villains what's up guys
what's up what's up what's up are you
doing I'm here with Christian yeah and
we are gonna film a prank today but for
the prank I need a wig so right now
we're in Hollywood Boulevard as you can
see heading to the wig shop and get a
wig what color should I get to Anisha
being part nah we gotta get a blonde so
you should change you guys haven't seen
Tanisha in about three years now two and
a half years she's gonna change she's
gonna be a blondie
what are you doing Dennis putting a
microphone in your vent I am you just
come up with the crazy say years ever
smart so we're gonna so we're gonna hide
the wireless microphone over there for
little pick up the sounds because we
don't know what's gonna happen in this
room hopefully not always get shot I'm a
cop
they're not gonna shoot a cop you ready
yeah that's my job
dressing up as a woman today it's not
it's a wrong sort of good to Coachella
thank you
so right now we're sitting here around
and waiting for our next victim
and I think it's the last one should be
the last one this economy did he call
what did he say
please ten minutes all right well you do
what if somebody jumped me would you run
on and help me oh yeah because I always
say don't stop don't stop let me just go
towards the to the end yep
so making some food some herb roasted
chicken stay healthy because Tanisha is
getting out of shape all right guys we
just got some crazy crazy reactions and
thank you mom for your help
you did great no photos please okay I'm
sorry I didn't know that you were Sophia
sorry
like Christian where'd you think about
the prank another baby I loved it she
says another banker thank you guys so
much for watching this right now I have
to go to a meeting and you will see
prank in about couple days a lot of
editing a lot of angles and I can't
believe it I invited these fucking crazy
guys random strangers to my house well
who cares who cares
you got him down yeah the last guy he
gave me fucking crazy ass reaction who's
about to have sex with me and I don't
want to talk about it you guys will see
their healing what did I tell you guys
what I do when it comes to collective
fucking natella bro and cereal I just
ate two seconds ago up my house I'm just
always hungry just got the project tacos
liquor shut up
yo yo Jude home bro Oh
just got a beer cheers that is for
everything bro my new video alright
cheers guys cheers old bra I never
played Jenga you have a Jenga company to
become competition competition here so I
just walked out for a second to get some
fresh air
and out of Project talker and outside I
see this sign to the left
Turkish Talaat Pasha takes a killer to
no killer Nazi Hitler what the hell is
this what is that supposed to mean
you're gonna be able to do it
Dennis Dennis you and I looks cool
thousand ten friends fans who's gonna be
the winner Scott or Dennis will seal the
winners - Dennis that was an intense
game look at this final game guys and no
Dennis roadies next what will he do we
make survival or he will not be good
while you're watching this live on ABC
what happened professional Wow Dennis
you want Wow energy the secret secret
baby Wow congratulations
I can buy you some water nom alright
ladies and gentlemen villains hobros
how's Dennis actually left back to Ohio
and Christians here and they are leaving
I'm gonna edit the main Channel video
edit this vlog so I want to thank you
guys so much for watching this vlog
thank you guys and thank you thank you
thank you again don't forget to thumbs
up and subscribe to Hollywood home bro
love you guys thank you guys so much for
everything that's he died yes yeah say
it again
I'm hyping it up bro let's add more
brainstorm you back here I can assure me
that it's coming soon done alright first
bugger
each other very no no just yeah we're
just high that's it guys
