what's up brah what happened well just
got arrested even I got a bruise for
justice water I got a brave those look
at this Dennis got his day started
getting arrested handcuffs well it
already told with the officer told me at
the very end he goes shake your nuts oh
really after you let you go well anyways
good morning villains how you doing
hopefully doing great I'm gonna be great
because i'm gonna start we're gonna tell
a sandwich while he tosses the salad
right look at this nutella but there's
no Litella is there more nutella there's
no Nutella life well I'm leaving the
office that's the only thing I can find
out the meetings what are you doing bro
buddy good look at this is this is a
hole bro what happened to your overall
you're not recognized I've been eating
it so I've been eating my Nutella and
guess who walks in to interrupt it I
have to stop at eat huh it's growing
fast it's almost there I know man what's
up you saw that I'm all right Harvey
Sheamus here too I know yeah what are
you guys going on the marathon for girls
the back pasture yeah he'll see it's
nice last time I seen you last time I
see you bangkok on top of the roof and
then you went on a worldwide I know
right its but yea yea which was awesome
to buy Singapore Malaysia Vietnam
Cambodia with RPGs yeah damn look at
this nice to see it you know we're you
know the movies coming out soon when you
see hole bro in town and there's a hole
bro and the villain together OMG smells
good
Oh bro yo yo so nobody's coming over
tonight oh yeah kicking 100 yeah of
course but I don't have any but ok
anyway zzzz so John Dennis and I decided
to go to a taco shop we're gonna go to
your boys taco shop so we can walk yeah
on your taco awesome we can't walk too
hard oh okay well then we're taking that
motherfucking am 69 the black thought
Batman so John got one taco John that's
the cutest lunch ever seen diet starts
tomorrow Yeah right I should've started
weeks ago Taco Tuesday we're about to go
see natural born pranksters move
35-minute cotton that we're gonna show
to the studios can I show you guys or
not gonna show a little bit i did a
snapchat and they fucking yelled at me
told me I way my life is gonna be over
your seen this man mm-hmm it's amazing
look here it was edited here well all
these movies right we're edited here
this is all edited here yeah all these
movies guys were edited here Wow and
natural born pranksters is editing look
at this GI Joe American Reunion yo G
traitor Wow Rambo blood boil wow that's
closer storm where wild fire right now
wow this is awesome
damn 10 I'm doing all right I see I'm
not allowed to behave it out you're
scared be hating I know wanamaker I'm
hyping it up bro let's add more pranks
or sex baby back here i canna show me
that it's coming soon done all right
breast plager hug each other at the very
end no no just here where it says come
by that says guys I can show them this
room that's it sup John what do you
think you happy well that was awesome
what you think that is an i can I wish
we could just I can't believe it I used
to take care ideas to take acting and
acting classes TV classes dude oh that's
what I want to do this will do this one
I just watched it wow she got off just
think what you want to do and do it do
it and you will become it failure is not
an option right John no is it an option
no of course okay good just how because
if Jonathan Taylor was an option that he
would never walk again he's like like a
few but he was walking again perfectly
so not yet nine hundred percent 90 he's
still recovering but he's my baby
people told me this camera makes me look
cuter like the Joker there all right
guys all right all right all right so we
went hiking while we got there and when
we made a u-turn and then we made a
u-turn to the gym and then we got to the
gym I literally pulled a ticket out to
go park and I said you know what I need
props for my new prank tomorrow so right
now we're heading to hollywood boulevard
to get some props just tomorrow i'm
filming a prank main channel prank so
it's gonna be fun and i got a lot of
ideas taking up on you and we're just
thinking and they're they're shooting a
movie here me and Dennis are just
talking about how one day we're gonna be
on this hallowed bullet board Sunset
Boulevard cell phone bill aboard what's
your dream yeah I don't know that guys
ask you what's your dream in life what
do you want to be let me know at my
favorite place ever urth caffe we got
those Spanish lots of cheers buddy
today's been a rough day forever that's
good time to end it with some spanish
tapas restaurant oh yeah they been
arrested he was wanted in a home working
replying to emails
I guess the rest I haven't gotten
arrested along time
I think it's coming out it's coming up a
fuel I mean if you attract that energy
you definitely go I don't want to Frank
I'm gonna pull Mexico oh my god you want
to end jeezum I advise you not well you
how many times you coming out to do it
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it people
told me not to run across the world cup
too and I did it so well I just came to
my car and this guy's giving me a ticket
and I said can you please not give me a
ticket and he says sorry it's already
done so this is the guy who gave me a
ticket fig I see him in that way he can
say what's up to them what's your name
today oh you don't to give her name sure
whatever at my favorite place ever
mm-hmm what you gettin good boy give it
a try no I oh they me know that game but
look at that promotion i'm giving it but
it's good what can i say gets you the
six-pack sometimes when you committed
you got a commitment for me I was
breaking up their week all right
villains I just got home but Dennis and
I decided to do the giveaway for the
villains sunglasses that I promised and
how I'm going to choose the winner is
dang it is then is going to explain it
to you Dennis our YouTube has a really
neat feature where it tells you which
viewers are your most engaged a list of
your most engaged in influential viewers
and it's updated daily so it's always
fresh you just gotta sort by engagement
and then YouTube will tell you who your
top engaged viewers are so that means
people that aren't by the day right day
we yeah well engagements right here I'll
tell you public interaction with your
channel likes comment subscribe sharing
the video so these three people here
among key club wickedy gunner and
Lancelot are your top three so they won
those three sunglasses 11 each perfect
so now I decided how I'm gonna do my
giveaways I want to do it once a week
they don't know when so if they stay
engage they always happen that way you
know whoever you're sending your
products to or some
it's really going to want it because
they've been engaged they like they
commented awesome well alright
congratulations guys I'm gonna message
you guys right now monkey club wiki d
gunner and Lancelot thank you guys so
much for engaging and yeah till next
time because I'm gonna do giveaways once
a week thank you guys so much for
watching this vlog oh wait a minute
thumbs up what are you gonna give away
every week there's random prices I don't
know it could be Xbox it can be a shirt
I'd be a little nagging bliss it can be
a sign poster or it can be maybe a car
hahaha imagine if I go yeah I should do
that anyways love you guys so much thank
you guys so much for watching and yeah
I'm gonna go home a lever Guinea deep
deep deep deep it deep I love you guys
thumbs up the blog please thank you so
much and I'll see you tomorrow peace the
Sudan yo
