get out there do with villains how you
doing hopefully you guys are doing great
I'm doing I'm doing great
I guess we headed Christian and I headed
to Coachella Coachella Coachella
Coachella Coachella and we're in LA
traffic and this is absolutely
ridiculous we've been traveling for
about an hour but if we're only been on
GPS for 30 minutes this LA traffic is
too crazy
I'm hungry we're gonna get something to
eat and we're gonna go to Coachella
Coachella have some fun and not only
party vlogs and I'm gonna try to make a
main Channel video well you didn't
believe that he was we were going to
Siri for real
I I don't know if I believe you or not
good why would you not believe him yeah
we're going to Syria we're going to
Syria on Tuesday for three days I'm
gonna do some vlogging footage and I'm
doing like a like a main Channel video
there we'll see you dude I got my
outfits and shit you're gonna know
you're gonna be all covered up and
shitting I try like like fit in not so
much of that I'm an act I'm gonna act
like I'm gonna act like a foreign
reporter and go with like people with
guns and shit and come with a microphone
and be like what do you think what do
you think about Syria how long do you
think this Wars gonna last and shit like
that oh I got some Brendan I just texted
Brendan remember guys who did my film
iMovie vlogs Brenda what they
productions on the phone I've been
texting him and saying that I'm going to
Syria you believe me Brendan your other
vlog what do you gotta say bruh you
believe this for a second of course it's
you dude it's like you do some crazy
shit of course wow that's great
damn I'm on the quad yeah and yeah oh
that would have been the dumbest fucking
idea ever you like dudes like you you
would have got like you and Christian
probably would die like who don't like
that I know would you guys go to Syria
for a vlog or what what do you guys
think let me know in the comments do you
think it's automatic that if we're going
to series there are places in Syria we
can go and survive what do you guys
think anyways dude I'm driving I can't
talk on the phone so I'm gonna I'm gonna
text you later
my favorite place ever where I can treat
myself maybe like once a month but I'm
getting a protein burger it's in and out
I'm getting a protein style which means
it's a lettuce with a burger but if you
want to work it in and out there's an
in-n-out University where he teaches you
how to make burgers whatever you guys
want you know
want to be a chef you got to go there if
you want to know how to clean dishes
this is the University
I think this guy's they can all go home
and whatever the pepper is home he comes
here to take a meal be taking the sambar
Christian what did you just win this
bodies thing ever
there's some people that took a lot of
peppers they're taking him home the guy
two guys are stealing peppers forget
about it's the most funniest thing I've
seen I just made my day
so Christian and I just got to our room
and let me tell you something not bad
for booking it on Friday on the same day
of Coachella and getting a room that's
pretty impressive so we took whatever we
could get our hands on so this is not
bad football have privacy if you know
something happens which you probably
will knowing us but it's pretty nice so
we just got to Coachella and since what
are the tickets
my friend has it this guy helped them to
get through the first entrance look at
this he's walking us it's a mile walk I
guess somewhere around there so right
now hopefully we'll get in with my
friends are not too tough
I don't know how guys but we made it
no prince repeated it whoa we just got
to do it I don't know I wasn't invited
here or anything being Christian just
you just gonna talk what's up guys I
just got here look at my friends I have
my beautiful friends now look at me look
what you looked me up but that's my
friend the fisheye and look
no matter all right let me they know who
I am nobody
now
I walk on and have fun what up boys from
San Diego look at these guys he said he
watched everyone every fucking vlog the
modifications on every block Nutella
League in the booty video everything
your mom like doing everything every
scene every single video wow you guys
are awesome thank you guys so much
yo how are you it's day 2 of the cella
with my boys yep it's 9 guys one girl
but it would be different just the
beginning this is the beginning it's
only five eleven and once again
with this shoe drops already jump as far
as reach there
so Christian and I just leaving
Coachella today was a great day
sorry about the wind but we're just
we're getting these hot dogs and this
poor lady is getting kicked out by the
cops she's trying to make five dollars a
hot dog this comes about letting her
soul apart what a shame
anyways we had a great night Saturday
should I beat up I don't know
yo this line be crazy right here look at
this with the way the Krishna hell it
would be waiting for hours just two
hours and the week not going to be able
probably maybe we get it back
I don't do that should have percentages
pass out
they just go back Jennifer and that's
the only way to do to get out of here we
can't pull something this is people on
board
y'all Sunday look at the breakfast
breakfast of champions they couldn't
bring any more bread look at this I told
I'd stretch from the teller that looks
absolutely fucking delicious
I just finished mine and not meeting the
crepe all
do not pull it off yo guys check out
that car right behind me it's my car but
it white do you guys like it which car
which color do you guys like get better
white or red
I should race
iron village thank you so much for
coming to Coachella with me look out for
the new prank and thank you so much for
watching babies I love you guys thank
you so much don't forget to thumbs up
alright let's design it oh shit the boat
oh hello how are you know I'm a Greg
Shae keep on my knee got it hey what do
you guys think what do you think
