what's up villains how you doing now
hopefully everything is great we're on
the way right now with Kristian and
Dennis to the prank office it's a
bachelor party we're about to get in the
crash yeah
Christian's driving because I left my
car because I was drinking yesterday so
I didn't want to try the back because so
it's round two a bachelor team - let's
see how crazy they will get today on
streets of Hollywood you're gonna need
it
and good luck Vitaly hopefully I'll
snapchat you and see what you're missing
all right I'll snapchat to my brain over
I am in bullshit so anyways dennis is
gonna take my car because shut the fuck
up
alright guys are you ready to meet the
team number two what's up guys Rob Rob
how's it going doing good nice cool yeah
love the energy you guys ready do you
know yeah you guys can wait too excited
ready start drinking yeah are you going
to start drinking we got enough for
everybody mark is taking a shit right
now have a smelly scared it's that
nervous you know this your stomach
starts tomorrow my guts you ready bro
what's up bro number four how was the
poof there's a number one good yeah
number four it was a number great oh
then it's you leaving you're taking my
car brought be safe okay and honestly
I'm sorry chocolate no chocolate eight
days
today's gonna be the day I break that
rule I have to I have to don't do no I'm
gonna do it
no come on focus bro we have
a woman here right now but we're not gay
we just fuck each other yeah yeah all
right guys well if it gets over first
challenge I will be fucking ready
because you look like you're not ready
at all you will put you to go home and
play call of duty bears ready we're
ready yeah are you ready
I'll do the movie calls me I call it
yeah come on these guys are great these
guys got way too much energy these guys
got when I was ready to not like him to
be I heard they're funny all's I got
fuck these guys yeah usually I love
these guys yeah they're great
these guys are great I don't know it's a
tough competition team bola it's a tough
competition it's it's you guys are doing
great
I don't wait till the next challenge I
love my job look at this this guy's
dressing up as a trainee and go out in
the middle of the Hollywood Boulevard to
get a guy's number let's see how that
happens look at him he is spreading
your pretty girl you're a pretty bitch I
need to release that I'm sorry she's
supposed to get a guy's number let's see
what happens show is getting ridiculous
Nick what do we do we're doing something
great a great project we sure are
he used to be me and now I know hollow
from the song why are you cameras are
there scalars are you from I got a
friend I'm not a fan of France from
Austria
thank you dude it means a lot hell yeah
whoo what are you doing
hey why the fuck you leave the camera
you were in there if you don't like it
then why you be your tits are out
okay then you enjoyed okay hi okay so
you can talk to me I won't do your face
up a few tips hello how are you I'm
great
Shay keep out my knee got it hey what do
you guys do what do you think about his
dick the dick on his side
he's crazy excuse me dickhead you want
to say hello and you want you want to
meet the real dick thank you villains
for watching this vlog it's the next day
because I passed out because shit got
out of control
what do you think team team - or team
one will see it stuff you're not the way
to see these guys were unique that other
guys were unique in their own way
everybody's fucking so anyways love you
villains thank you for watching these
daily vlogs hopefully you enjoy it and
don't forget to thumbs up let's see
Dania oh my god
ohmygosh sheds about to get crazy
