what's up villains welcome to another
vlog oh my god I can't believe this
the day has came I'm on skydive Perris
and hammam 1 I'm on skydive Perris and I
can't believe it this day actually came
to reality I'm with my boy Konstantin
right there
another Russian fellow J Alvarez hooked
me up with the school you want me to
come here I'm about to go to do
skydiving school what is this read this
is crazy
this is absolutely mouth I've been
waiting for this moment for quite a
while and here it is bright and early
woke up at 5 in the morning now it's
8:00 we're here was quite a drive but
we're finally here I can't believe this
people look at me like I'm crazy I'm
vlogging but subconscious say hi to the
vlog what's up what's up what's up you
ready
he's already are you scared not yet not
yet - what it's time to jump I think I'm
gonna poop my pants when it's time to
jump I've been waiting for this moment
all my life like seriously I think it's
a four hour class and then you get to
jump by yourself I'm going to be that
guy who they probably won't be holding
hands but I'll be at that I'm one of
those guys oh my God look how beautiful
it is so we just got done with the first
half of the class what do you think you
I think we're 'full we're ready to do
this a little bit more practice in the
wind tunnel in the winter what about to
go in the wind tunnel super excited in
the wind tunnel but the hand signals are
the like the worst to remember your mum
this is the one to remember oh cool okay
what else do you know okay relax
and you're you're good
if you believe it's a good fix our class
and I'm a little bit jumping by myself
right a little instruction
comes up a look at the wings
left-right-left
I'm out of the plane arch back for
seconds one two three four I'm good I'm
good
check the pedometer of every building
that are all to visitors hey whatever
eleven thousand feet eleven thousand
feet now I'm going to test Harmon open
the parachute why three times then I
look at the speedometer okay six six
thousand seven thousand feet seven
thousand feet at 6,000 feet I'll lock it
in a way till 55 at about 5,200 feet I
wait for the instructors to leave me
alone and I'm jumping and then I'm free
I'm from then that's where I learned
today guys in school that's all of me
whatever happens after that there she
opens or rectangles I have to take the
note I brought you nervous now since
we're getting closer we're literally
about like an hour from jumping what do
you think bro I'm getting excited not
nervous yet but I think we get they're
gonna imagine how good we're going to
sleep Todd's gonna be Oz guys look at
these guys they're so high up Wow
villains this is Casey she was my
teacher today you're amazing thank you
I'm strapped in again believe it this is
it this is happening I'm gonna skydive
by myself what you're gonna jump besides
me right she's amazing guys if you guys
want to learn how to skydive ask for her
when we come here it's amazing what okay
the top mr. Garrett
this is it this year than ready to go
kid and ready to go and I got a
professional video package so they all
get a record for me and I guess my next
clip is going to be me jumping let's go
three two one yeah sick jump right guys
okay someone what happened well at least
the school is over with and we made a
second appointment Wednesday we going to
finish it guys the winds got way too
high all my friends are like vitaliy you
passed out no the winds I got way too
high super bomb super bummed wanted to
show you guys a footage of me jumping
anyways I think in life everything
happens for
reason some kind of glass I didn't jump
who knows but yeah I'm coming back next
week we're coming back and we're going
to jump where we're at least we're
finish school that's good
one step ahead right now I'm on scent of
airplane mode I'm splitting this vlog
into two like always nothing new
Logan Paul's in another room this is
airplane mode this is the boys on it
this is the crazy director oh I show
them how we get in character what I'll
show you
villains yeah how do we get into
character and then ready none of it's
not literally before every take in the
movie I did that every single night and
it did help like when we were far away
from Justin I so what's up what's up I
saw guys a make a goal I wish had a
model of Reno three-peat I'm ready yeah
fuck that was those uh I need to
extended let me do it yo the county kind
of need to believe in himself more huh
like he's a stud bro and he's super
talented but every time I are gonna be
like dude I just want to do my best
like are vitally sort of this ski input
row mattelli you're gonna watch it
freaking talented bro start believing
himself are you his friend cuz he
doesn't think you're his friend why he's
just like bro you know why you know why
a lot of people don't think I'm their
friend I don't like hang like me I don't
like we'll do that right now he'll
whether Mark George and Johannes cuz
they live right next door
mark is my roommate other than that bro
I don't go out I don't like go like how
much doing nothing how much we love them
how much do you love them Vittal you
know I love you bro they was men you're
my movie I put you my movie I benefited
from that no no develop it believe in
yourself bro the church is back
ah airplane mode ATR my boys killing it
this is the boy right here mr. Logan
pull yo thanks for having me in your
movie no and this is why I told you he's
so passionate and he just goes I love
you okay you know what's amazing about
this ADR work because of you and your
Malibu right now somewhere on top of a
hill it's just amazing
hey you hey you hey you hey you okay so
what'd you guys think yeah you're a big
bra I love I lost my voice not my mom
I'm straight savage bro what are you
fighting
I'm drenches let's look at pop a cialis
and swim the bottom of my heart like
this movies coming to reality I don't
remember the first we contacted me
you know how Hollywood the old talk not
me thanks for coming along bags yeah
your hundred and ten percent
yeah ret red carpet oh yeah you already
know it well and and look who we got to
do this I've done this a lot yeah the
most beautiful spot that I've been in
doing a TR thanks bro this is beautiful
Bernie sorry guys no offense for a which
I may be what I just got oh you finally
got his visa where to Bulgaria
that's official god I am going to
Bulgaria and April 16 for nine days oh
so beautiful my passport looks like it
really came out of trash can so many
people don't want to take it in so many
airports but what you got to do man's
been through a lot
let's kind of do that's kind of dish you
know but my password looks like shit I'm
getting anyone but your boy got a visa
you know what I like about Bulgaria
already that I can read the guys
language and understand so I just
connect few words and I know the word so
your boys coming to how to pick up
Bulgarian girls what I'll try to do in
Bulgaria disturbing the peace let's see
how people are going to react
but I'm gonna announce why I'm going to
Bulgaria I'm going to Bulgaria because I
got casted in Nicolas Cage new movie 211
it's about a bank robbery that happened
in Burbank long time ago I was casted by
millennium films thank you so much
millennium films they did all the
Expendables that a mechanic did it Rambo
that it saw Olympus has fallen they did
so many movies I'm so hyped on life
right now but I'm leaving Sunday so I'm
thinking about it should I hit up
Coachella for anyone's me to hit up
Coachella
yeah she's setting me up with so many
collabs with so many models I should go
because after last vlog about
interviewing porn stars you guys love it
I'm sure
oh my god I should go to Coachella and
interview girls yeah sexual questions
that's it alright anyways we're about to
go pick up some clothes let's go we're
twinning oh oh I can't hear you
yeah that's what I'm talking about
she had Justin Bieber yeah all right so
look who picked me up
mister boy JJJ we've got a whole crew in
the back right there we're bout to go
watch them beat collecting our clothes
dance stand clothing uh tally was
basically just saying he loves attention
so I have a microphone on a car and I
think I was you know yo everybody that's
on the road is the power to be in my car
what are you getting bro
no no no no please come on doesn't that
does it I'm taking an uber home no you
can't do that with a Taser did I hurt
Wes do your tongue for a hundred bucks
here I'll give you $100 mo you right now
$100 do you talk right now in front of
me for the vlog do it for the vlog your
tongue hundred bucks come on rather than
this come on to your tongue yeah so I
just got to stamped and look at this
clothing they're hooking me up your boys
going to Bulgaria fresh and I mean when
I say fresh I mean fresh I needed this
thank you guys
Wow Jay what you get nothing
ha ha ha Chris thank you thanks bro this
is awesome I'm gonna be fresh look at me
guys I look like a literally homeless
man look at me
I need an extreme homeless makeover all
right villains all right villains I just
got home thank you so much for watching
this vlog
all right villains I just got home thank
you so much for watching this vlog let
me know your favorite part of the vlog
comment below
that's right I'm about to launch my own
store that you guys been asking for
super excited I got a crazy week ahead
actually if you're watching this vlog
right now tomorrow I'm actually jumping
that's right
tomorrow I'm jumping hopefully it's
going to be weather permitted we'll see
and don't forget to come back tomorrow
thank you so much for everything i love
you guys i can't wait for Bulgaria
starts bringing the word around your
voice coming villains
alright guys love you let's do dining
all right guys it's looking to an end
thank you so much for watching question
of the days - what's your favorite part
of the law comment below I read all the
comments that's right give it a thumbs
up if you're not lazy thank you so much
and actually tomorrow I'm gonna be going
to skydive yeah tomorrow actually
jumping hopefully my parachute opens
that's right sorry mom yeah it's not
funny I know it's funny yeah but okay
anyways Bulgaria I'm coming for you
Sunday
Sofia Bulgaria I'm coming for you are
you guys love you see tomorrow boozy
night
you
