that's right what's up villains welcome
to another vlog our day started in their
crazy crazy crazy we got NIEM over here
what's up NEMA what's up little guy Josh
Josh how are you yeah so we are we are
and sorry wasn't it a rod the C and we
got our homeboy he's not try to do that
what's up there is a man with the master
class so where we're going where we're
going we're going to the best Indian
restaurant
yeah which uh yeah I'm super excited Oh
should I say today anymore
say yeah what's the name hey Shari fish
RV it's supposed to be one of the best
Indian let me know guys I mean let me
know if you're any Indiana you live guys
here if you know what the press where
I'm talking about I'm super excited
we've not eaten breakfast last night was
crazy
and yeah I'm just about to eat some
really good food and I'm super excited
we just arrived at the place and this is
just the beginning look at this oh my
god I don't even know what we're
ordering here look at this eat with your
hands
oh my god look this was honestly one of
the best foods I probably tasted in my
life Thank You Yosh I tell you boy thank
you I'm talking to the villains I'm
letting even know how good the
restaurants are good the food was the
dessert I've ever had ah
this is missing the experience you guys
are loved man you guys are food Amana
culture is amazing Thank You India for
such a great hospitality
thank you I have to work my favorite
people look at these guys these guys is
the main
so we're supposed to go straight and
check out all these cars in front of us
that's the Mumbai traffic for you people
just drive as they want to where's the
best do people get speeding tickets here
is there such a thing here after such an
amazing meal on lunch it's time for a
nice little massage I'm in the robe here
we're just out here by the hotel look it
is beautiful it's your little look
little Christmas this is close look at
the Christmas tree my president's
waiting there for me tomorrow we're
doing a crazy experience I'm not gonna
tell them what we're gonna do but
tomorrow we're going doing something
crazy Morrow is gonna be a good day yeah
I saw I'm about to go to the spa an hour
and half massage chill never go to
dinner and then we're gonna go in street
so I just want to walk I just want to go
to the busiest area and I just want to
walk and just I just experienced yeah I
think she did some disturbing the peace
that's a good one it's driving the peace
in India for the vlog and then maybe I
should do it comment below if you guys
want me to do disturbing the peace for
the main channel like a proper wireless
microphone camera like the old days I
don't know how the Indians are gonna
respond but it's gonna be good Wow look
at this this looks amazing thank you how
are you can I walk out of the spot
without the fancy what's up guys
no it's not always a sad story I got my
Indian love villains right here picture
it out like this decided to get a bite
and I don't know what we're doing like
we just aged I didn't want to blog no
more food vlogs but what is this why do
they bring this something's will come on
television
I'm scared yeah look they brought a
carpet for dessert that's something you
don't see that often
yeah what is about to happen here I
thought it's just some regular
restaurant I guess let us do the
presentation boss
what is going on here
and this is how you did it deserve a
proper way
it's getting hot in here
your ass why does it do that
Oh said dipping this dip in this this
sauce
oh wow Wow
I don't know what this is this is
delicious oh this is amazing
so after this delicious dessert that I
just had more Village People the snap
the snap it just like to two is in twos
and twos and I'm not vlogging everything
is like um but it's been a lot but I'm
gonna do a meet-up I'm gonna do a
meet-up alright can I pet the dog er no
yeah alright no drugs what's up this is
the security dog so they check the cars
they lift the hood up
what does it smell for drugs the bombs
the bone
Thank You pug it's gonna be it might be
a really stupid question it might be a
stupid question but how the dogs are
trained to smell from ball it's about
they give them a little bit of a light
scent and then they reward it with
treats and then they keep doing that so
then the Duggan's are becoming trained
to do that but bombs smell differently
what if it's one bomb has a better
Colonia another one if you could cut it
I'm kidding
anyways we've been in and out of cars we
haven't really got to experience India
where we just walk around and enjoy and
be in the middle of this crazy traffic
yeah we should take it to consumer yeah
that's what we should do we should take
a tuk-tuk let's do it I don't have any
Ruby I don't have any rubies neither
only have a hundred dollar bill and I
can't change the guy gets the currency
something happen with the currency here
that out of ATM you can only take out
fifty dollars at a time so I brought
cash from you USA fifty dollars a day
I love how it the trashcan is actually
empty and then the beach is clean yeah
it's like opposite day today now but we
made it to the beach now I can save it
on the beach and from bi-lo people are
just vibing people just having a good
time here chillin it was awesome
all right here for them good I'm
thinking okay I'll take a photo of you
daddy clear what's up bro what's up how
are you I'm good I'm good um actually
should we kill him
I don't know two dollars okay
shooting banks now we're gonna go swim
in the water miss Phinney now we're just
chillin slurring yeah man beautiful tall
chick this guy's blowing bubbles towards
me
you guys look so cute hi all right who
wants money
so you basically sing today
I'm trying your money but I wanna
picture money
oh wait wait
okay okay chase me
American dollar
a lot of money a lot of money these guys
we're good
well that's my Indian trip right here
here we go
you want to say I do together
the hostel is real out here I respect
this kids so basically they said since I
gave money to couple everybody saw it
and now they're following me they're not
following me mother following me
I'll feed the kids all right I got your
money
come back I need to exchange my $100 so
I can give it this people I can't give
him $100 imagine I give it to one person
$100 to one kid I don't mind giving her
$100 but if I give her $100 doll gonna
fight over they probably gonna rip it
apart
Pizza yeah pizza party
let's do it pizza party
thank you excited pizza look how happy
all right yo do you want pizza
you like pizza di Pisa say what's up
villains say say say what's up villains
villains a villain say villain villain
villain no stay feeling visits a villain
genes on to repeat often doing you say
if you say what say what sup villain
yeah yeah Halon ain't nothing but a
pizza party pizza pie ready ain't
nothing but a pizza party let's go you
like this long likely like this
awesome yeah look at you look at these
super Bollywood stars right here
are you actor are you an actor Shahrukh
Khan this is a good guy come on huh guys
it's a Frankie this pizza this don't
when you Jesus Domino's Pizza is this a
paid advertisement she's fucking my
brand deal hi what's your name
yeah boo shit shabu-shabu ha
I need ah what is it there a minute
ya know me Raj what's your name hey me
my name is Ajay Malhotra a Jammu Lutra
oh that's a strong name
you're very strong let me see your
muscles let me see muscles let me see
let me see
what's your name Rahul Rahul uh what's
your name
meow this meow Amina bye say bye bye bye
are you guys all ready for the fancy
fancy okay well good okay you want one
on okay we buy you drinks all right
let's go lunch Pepsi who want that bad
food
are they are we like to get good special
thanks FEMA for treating kids so well
fifteen oh man this is awesome it was
just a cool experience we're gonna talk
a little bit mixed a lot here well we're
gonna walk back to the hotel we'll tell
them something I got something for you
guys when we go one who just got back to
the room after a crazy trip to go
outside and this kids were amazing and
it's it's kind of its kind of it's gonna
it's gonna makes you appreciate what you
have in life and how they make makes you
appreciate what you have in life and
like when I'm always in the land
complaining that this not enough this
not enough this I don't have this I need
this I need this and just seeing those
kids for Pepsi and pizza and how happy
the work makes me inspired and and just
appreciate what I have in life and that
there's more problems in life and people
need to stop complaining less
complaining what you have in your life
look like me I'm kind of mixed on the
whole thing like I was really fulfilled
helping out these kids yeah um
firstly ask for money I don't know where
that money's going to I don't know if
they're part of a big syndicate but
being able to give them pizza and the
smile that we put on their face and
entertaining them with the snapchat
filters was amazing but it also became
overwhelming because you have one
another kid would show up and another
kid with stroke but another kid would
show up in it and he is all bad it like
you would have stopped it an endless
cycle and you like just being able to
help that small group of kids really lit
up my heart and you know I wish I can do
more by anyways we delivered food that's
the least we could do and it just makes
me happy I'm gonna go to sleep feeling
good I'm gonna edit this vlog for you
but India so far is amazing
and there's a lot yet to come so oh yeah
this is just the beginning so stop
complaining appreciate what yelling in
this life and just to give back as much
as you can because it will always comes
around
and I don't like I don't like to give
back and advertise it I just do it
anyways but it was a really fulfilling
experience to do that and just to see
those smiles on those kids faces was
yeah and like I showed you we I'm
bringing you guys along with us we're
not out to fill Wayne have to film all
that thing and help out but it was just
it was entertaining yeah it's like I
don't see this every day yeah that's
what's cool about vlogging is you get to
show what really goes on in your life so
yep India Mumbai I freaking love you
tomorrow 4 p.m.
free meet up for everybody bring whoever
you want pictures we're gonna hang out
snapchat vlog come over here San Andres
turf park right here 4 p.m. tomorrow
that's right we're gonna be right here
Nima tell them yes so tomorrow India we
want to see you all here at the st.
Andrew turf park and please don't be shy
come bring whoever you want I can't wait
to meet all of you
Mumbai I love you your cities freaking
crazy the traffic is insane the culture
is amazing the food is even better I
love you see you tomorrow
thank you guys so much for watching this
vlog tomorrow is going to be even
crazier please come back tomorrow the
meetup is on the 23rd so if you're
watching this I don't know what they
whatever it's Friday so tomorrow if
you're watching this right now it's
tomorrow and if you're watching it
tomorrow
that means it's today so basically it's
Friday December 23rd 2016 at 4 p.m. at
st. andrew's turf park I'll see you guys
all there don't be shy please come
please give this log a big thumbs up and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
let's eat I'm
