what's up villains good morning good
afternoon hopefully you having a good
day because Dennis Roady and I are
having a very productive day he filmed
this new video I filmed my Q&A and now
we're going through the Vitaly show so
let me tell you a little bit more about
the Vitaly show so basically it's gonna
be right now a group of guys at a party
boss and their bachelor's and they're
gonna go and do crazy pranks around la
what I'm talking about pranks like
pranks in every year like you never
heard about of a sabe dig right yeah
you're gonna see that at the Vitaly show
you never seen this stuff is crazy so
anyways the crazier the pranks get the
more points they get to get into the
mansion where I'm going to be partying
with around 50 Playboy models so if they
want to get into the house have to win
so it's a teams of it's two teams four
guys who gets the most points gets to
come and party with me bro I'm about to
speak on the Vitaly show and the Vitaly
show isn't something that I really want
to be just saying a whole lot of things
about because I have no idea what to
expect on the Vitaly show even though
did the best thing about Vitaly is the
fact that he is the show can you agree
with me yes yes
yes so this show is basically his
vitaliy power he's got a house full of
Playboy models and there's 2 bachelor
parties and then whoever bachelor team
gets the most points is to go party with
his party Daly's thrown a bachelor party
for them and it's gonna be crazy
but they gonna have to earn it and did
you see that Frank list is all the Frank
little bears humiliations me oh my
goodness these guys are really good what
else they're gonna probably wouldn't
want to probably erase their whole life
after you get you the gorilla creature
yo yo we got here bro so what what are
you doing today today man today's gonna
be really bad okay we got the party buzz
and up this like that what's up Zach
everybody hey what's up what are you
doing I'm one of the producers on the
show cool carry one of these guys around
I'm nice we need that for the hype
Venice I have a business famous for you
Vitelli what's up the color dildo do you
want for this is what the show is gonna
do I'm sorry I didn't know that we were
no it's okay good
I have a I have a pink or black we don't
have black looking okay
got a good hang in the black long time
to see how is your man subject Ali who
is always directing this table John is
showrunner engaging you're the
showrunner oh yeah yeah just sometimes
okay we're gonna have some fun oh so
this is the buzz huh so but what about
picking up girls to strip yeah while
we're doing this yeah so what's up guys
there's a third comments are blogging
are vitally
it's are we damn yo Nick if we see some
our girls and we have release forms to
but we have playa release yes what the
fuck is a strip ball for for me today
yeah that's our home now I hope not I
mean we can get naked and get it ready -
the talent let's have you identify the
bad
and let's say QC actually yes yes so so
let's ask a little bit about yes ask
about that and like you know to me
everyone if he was like why the fuck are
you getting married I'm about to make
your dreams come true
no yeah so you're a bachelor listen
okay so tell me a little bit more about
your girl elgyn ear actually I met her
so your merit girl that you met at the
club that's wrong already
no but okay thank you
I'm looking to talk it's all about this
so I decided to give you guys a nickname
smart one brains you look like you're
the crazy one so you did a wild card you
you'll be a sexy mama sex machine and
you're just a bachelor
I'm sorry it's only gonna be the bags
I'll hear the best 13 stern of the Queen
should work out in Papua in the truck
get it how many can you do that how many
can you do whoo nice that is not me
right there I'm right here okay just
don't want to see that never look back
yeah she was sit down this thing up Nana
Dana I stand up also we're here right
yeah all right it's just one giant
sausage press this guy after guy after
guy coming out of this party bus not one
chicken they're all dudes boring boat in
the subway battalion like juniper Macy
is just woken hey Lacey
what's up girl we'll take a keyboard but
Jonathan we're all set my boys
yup creamin hey boys you get in the
ready for your challenge
go on in oh my god Ali Vitali you went
inside where you been pulled
the funniest thing maybe I've ever seen
that was so this is your energy band I
was like honestly
your brain is scarred now you're gonna
have that forever in your head yeah
they're like is this one of your pranks
there's no boys at the head no that's
the guy that's the guy guy was a guy
warm-up Dennis I've never seen liar then
hit nails on the floor I was on the
floor a woman funniest thing I've seen
in my home so how you feel a big
production of Italians great I'm filming
my own first show and this feels amazing
I'm in Hollywood Boulevard Walk of Fame
where I'm gonna have my own star one day
and three drugs getting started
what's going on bro god these guys are
gonna do a fashion show this beautiful
sex store right the gays fashion show
ever rig I see ID max very fitting
relative three gays outfit ever
yes okay dude those guys really want to
go to your party bro yeah because the
party is going to be amazing and they're
doing whatever it takes no to them are
it's so funny
Cyril shut up guys with the barbershop
and it's not even just shaving a head
else is completely completely on another
level but we're doing this is the best
show you will ever see and it's gonna be
an hour episode five for professional
you Harper oh you look so good you look
like you just fuckin crawled three
thousand feet under the ground and
you're gonna go fucking chase
ghostbusters
are you kidding me right now this is one
of your challenge to get points I don't
know if we can do that wrong you might
get arrested for that or there's a cover
there - oh my god oh my god
oh my gosh sheds about to get crazy
because that chocolates melting
where's anatella good morning villains
whoo last night got crazy find out in
tomorrow's vlog what happens to a
bachelor party number two let's see
who's gonna win this challenge to party
at this mansion let's see it don't
forget to thumbs up this log I love you
guys and thank you so much for watching
dusty Dania all right guys you ready to
have some fun I got these three villain
glasses three villain glasses that I
would like to give away just leave a
comment on this video and say why you
want this glass
