good morning sexy of villains good
morning good morning how are you guys
hopefully everybody's doing great I'm
doing fine so basically what happened is
that my tire went flat this morning when
I walked inside of the garage to get my
car because my wheels he didn't get
still didn't get in and as you remember
last week I hit my car so I don't know
if it's that's what's causing it or
what's causing it so I'm at the shop
right now waiting to get my wheels check
my tires check because they are flat and
yeah hopefully I get some air in sucking
out my car go to the gym and go to a lot
of meetings and prepare for the big week
because we're filming that show that I
told you guys shut the hell up a couple
logs to go about so pretty excited about
that and thanks for the support once
again on my mom's new prank and there's
a lot a lot a lot more pranks coming
this month I'm gonna be working hard for
you guys because you deserve it so stay
tuned baby
guess who I'm with guys mr. Johnny
aka olive wood in his new whip look at
that nice and friend of cars is John and
4 m4 excuse me excuse me oh by the way I
had a nail in my car guys so my car
finally got fixed but I'm gonna make
John Drive because I like new cars the
smell of new cars are so nice and good
so you want to hype them up on the show
we've been working on
Oh your bachelor Sean yeah it's gonna be
this pretty simply gonna say it's gonna
be crazy
he's just like one of the craziest
projects you ever worked on probable ish
Stanford so because you're gonna love it
though where did we see the trailer oh
the trailer is gonna be epic I can't
wait to show you guys but enough hyping
it up and I'm hyping up so right now
we're going to lunch to discuss some
important meetings conversation a movie
and everything else I'll keep you guys
updated
yo yo yo these six on the diet look at
this John what do you think god he's
getting back on that diet
Johnny salads the best one it's a nice
promotion are there for the salad anyway
so day 16 held you know chocolate
alright guys just had a great workout at
the gym numb back at my mom place and
because she's doing woman's job nice why
were any clothes so let me ask you what
do you think about all the prank
comments how does that make you feel oh
you know what do you think of your meal
for what what do you think about the
comments I'm really upset about common
but they compliment some of the comments
are disgusting that block half of the
people both in the heat is it's alright
come on show some respect to my mom guys
but well some people are respectful some
people disrespectful you guys keep
commenting a lot of nasty shit oh good
luck yeah what about your mom shit you
wouldn't be happy about it it's okay but
kind of yeah just little kids and what
can you expect anyways check out this
intelligence so how's the store going
after that sale perfect so I just got
home guys and Dennis's in style and
making a protein shake
Wow prank man how to that how to make
yeah how to not press it yep but you use
the approach to make a protein shake
this this is the best way actually
better than the blender tomorrow and
said AB I don't you guys like these
slugs I've been doing them nothing crazy
in these vlogs but you told them just to
walk no matter what so I'm logging what
do you guys think leave me a nice nice
nice nice comment we're bout to watch
taking 3 hopefully it's good hey this is
gonna dennis is gonna clean up that
black come it looks like it
I'm sorry to be nice oh I got something
for you guys all right guys you ready to
have some fun I got these three villain
glasses three villain glasses that I
would like to give away just leave a
comment on this video and say why you
want these glasses and while you're a
villain let's have some fun and I'm
gonna ship this I'm gonna choose three
top ones obviously because there's only
three glasses and I'm gonna ship you
guys those glasses and I'm gonna do a
lot a lot of giveaways on this vlog
channel so later this week I'm gonna
give three call the beauty for Xbox one
so stay tuned for these logs guys
because I'm gonna do give a lot of
Giveaways a lot of competitions a lot of
exciting exciting exciting stuff is
gonna happen in this check out second
channel so stay high village this law
came to an end don't forget to comment
while you're a villain to get those
glasses giveaway I love you guys thank
you so much for watching and don't
forget to thumbs up this you're not yeah
how many times have you been arrested
well interesting question 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 9 9
