what's up villains welcome to Q&A with
Vitaly where I'm gonna be answering all
your questions that you asked me on
Twitter the first question is how long
ago did you come to America and was it
hard to start living there well I moved
in America to America in 2004 and I was
the only white kid in class because
everybody was from Haiti Malik Riaz
the pilot we are in the final area
african-american I was the only white
kid in class always used to get beat up
and fight back and when I got referrals
and detentions I'm like all vacations
but no when I got home I got my ass beat
by my mom and by my stepdad so it wasn't
really fun but yeah it was really hard I
didn't speak any English zero on to the
next question where would you be without
YouTube without YouTube I'll probably be
on a gay cover of Playgirl
I have naked flexing my six-packs donut
now but seriously I probably be a waiter
trying to pursue my dream to become an
actor in LA and struggling to move here
because I'm not I wouldn't have probably
any money so how did you get into making
prank videos well I got it to make you
prank videos watching all these
youtubers that I'm like who's
interesting they're not edgy enough I
got to be more edgy because I'll always
used to be a class clown you know pissed
in my teachers flowers when cheating let
me use the bathroom fall through the
ceilings I don't know always always that
kid that in school like oh that's
Battaglia that's Battaglia that's the
Italian sweet Sally and on YouTube I
thought that need to be an edgier
pranker so I tried it and it worked
pretty well why do you love to tell us
so much well when I was a little kid I
poop like everybody else oops and I saw
it other Coons I wish I can eat it and
see what happens was like you can't eat
poop so I was like why don't I try to
tell it because it's black chocolate so
I tried it and but serious note is when
I was a little kid I used to live it
with my
obviously and it was one-bedroom
apartment and what I mean well by one
bedroom it was just like in living room
was the bedroom so would wake up while
my mom sleeping oh what's the easiest
breakfast to make bread Nutella and hot
tea and then I get my day started coffee
or tea coffee definitely because it gets
me my energy going and it makes you poop
faster how many times have you been
arrested well interesting question 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 8 9 9 times 9 times if you had a
it'll be 69 how long can you last in bed
hmm let's see let me go to my videos
camera roll this video is about 45
minutes I took off my pants in 15
minutes I'm just kidding guys I don't
know I just think of my grandma and it
makes you last longer if you had a
chance to be a woman for 24 hours what
is the first thing you would do what is
the best prank you ever did in your
entire life I would say world cup it
wasn't much of a prank but it was
probably the crazy shit I have ever done
which Frank costed you the most well
probably a Russian hitman 60 seconds
where I went around and told people your
life your choice you have 60 seconds and
I rent the prank didn't cost that much
but when I got arrested I was facing 15
years in jail second-degree felony so my
lawyer was expensive ten thousand
dollars what does your mom think of you
doing YouTube well it's like I hate our
love relationship she likes it and she
hates it but she's proud of me she's a
number one fan yeah what do you think
about puts him I don't want to talk
about my dad right now next time what
sports did you play as a kid I used to
play soccer for seven years when Sheila
moved to United States then I figured
I'm not gonna be a professional
Claire it's the United States you know
it's all about football basketball
baseball here and I was like ah I gotta
give up but I still play for fun
sometimes
what youtuber you like the most Mia
Khalifa maybe yeah you guys are super
dirty hmm have you ever got head with
Nutella on your dick no last but not
least what do you like and dislike about
being a prankster what I like about
being a pranksters I can make the whole
world laugh and enjoy and inspire some
villains like you but what I dislike is
because you know I fear for my life
sometimes but yeah it's a very very very
dangerous sport
thank you villains for watching this Q&A
and if you want to be part of the next
one please don't forget to follow me on
twitter the link is in the description
so you can be part of the next one and
don't forget to thumbs up this video
thank you guys so much for watching and
I love you whoa you have each other a
pop kiss I would ask for more but it's
inappropriate there's a lot of moves
around so
