and uh what's up villains good morning
how you doing hopefully you guys are
doing fine we got to my mom's lace look
who's here you Kevin's here what's up
guys my mom's friend Mike my mom Wow
Dennis yeah and we're having a breakfast
of rushing but we won't rush caviar
crepe and pasta how do you say in
English in muscular pasta no like yes
yes you don't like it ha ha ha I'm here
see I know you're an American bro wha
oh I'll eat yours oh my god this is the
most Asian in the world
no no way this is the best food you ever
oh my god Oh ahh straight fish in your
mouth bro dude who's the best aunt
Matilda oh my gosh look at Kevin Spacey
like so so glad I didn't try I'm so good
best the best so this whole crew right
here is about to watch the new video how
would prank my mom you ready Kevin i I
just want to know what it is you guys
did oh good hope it wasn't too bad
mmm-hmm we'll see so would you think
Evan would you guys stay thumbs up like
that was an amazing shame yeah y'all
guys we're filming with Dennis and Kevin
what we're not filming go with the
camera I've tried to show Kevin I don't
go with the camera I cannot be nice for
the kid
guys there's so much traffic in Santa
Monica we're gonna win we're filming how
to what do you feel me good we're doing
how to prank anybody can do anybody can
do it's gonna be fun it's beautiful day
out except we did that doesn't require
one single thing but your imagination in
your body
yep and I've been just working and
working and working guys
the show is gonna be amazing can't wait
to show you guys I'm going to the house
I think Tuesday to see the house so nice
outside did ya look outside look at okay
look out that window
it's a home look at that alright I see
where you going
that's nice is it a beautiful day inside
Monica sunny silica well I'm bouncing
off his forehead just like me
excuse me mr. bag see the Sun on his
head mr. egg you're an egg yo Dennis
you're full of Frank's bro was just full
of Frank's he's just going hand man boom
um that's all her shit so how do you
mean look how cute what photo should
they're doing here something wrong yeah
taking akasha baby look how beautiful it
is out beautiful gorgeous gorgeous
gorgeous gorgeous day out here he's like
you know it's tough with the shadows off
our ladies and gentlemen we're about to
shoot some pranks right here in Santa
Monica for Dennis's how to break it up
Channel
this is gonna be really really fun into
Jack five pranks
anybody can do what's up guys so these
girls came over and said I wanted to
have sex with me
no I'm kidding what's up dude is that
your girlfriend no good friends oh cool
so you gonna share them for tonight no
see you guys want to be in the video
that's what happens when you my videos
so what do you get you guys having a
good time oh such a good time you like
it
you guys call each other friend to wear
the same glasses and you guys are best
friends yeah yeah oh you yeah how best
friends you are how cool yeah yeah
give each other a pop kiss what about
okay
I guess the I would ask for more but
it's inappropriate there's a lot of pigs
around so Oh see so they would do
something yo yo yo s1 with what's up
NEMA was so Winslet Hollywood right now
thank you for that all the love on my
new prank thank you thank you now we're
in West Hollywood at tender greens and
yeah we're here at tender greens I'm
gonna eat healthy great and we're
actually feeding you guys know what
Hollywood how would I say when Thomas
Hollywood is a predominantly gay area
here and I which is are that yeah
remember we're not against gays or
anything about every time well every
time I was in the saver time we're not
but a lot of gay guys hit on me like I
don't know why but in him I was like I
was a gay people gay people don't like
hairy guys he's like yes they do
oh yeah they like anyway said nothing we
have nothing and silicon myself isn't
beauty
but I have nothing nothing nothing
against the gays but this place is just
this restaurant we're about to walk here
we're gonna get hit on some of these
guys with my number I'm gonna get mashed
potatoes bro
it's Sunday I can get a little bit what
are you gonna get why you want to eat
healthy on this whole long trip for here
so now you're gonna left I'm gonna go
through the gym every day
I didn't eat chocolate in five days do
you guys know those the longest Anabella
ones without chocolate like years
I can't wait to destroy some chicken
baby mmm
so we're chilling right out my house and
my couch started to shake what was it
Kevin and Benes is so scary he's like
let's go out of the house for a little
bit
why bro for Ohio he doesn't expect the
other time the earthquake walked me up
until tonight and I was like that
somebody was robbing meeting like a
10-minute break Oh son bah hey guys do
it let me fucking finish my blog okay
before you and start your shit thank you
Oh kitty Rose getting guys like love
goes oh all right guys thank you so much
for watching as you can see I'm in bed
um do you want to cuddle with me anyways
thank you for all the love than you
prank thank you thank you thank you and
I'll see you guys tomorrow for another
exciting day
Betsy Tanya I wrecked my car like you
did Dave never I saw that video
yeah you guys want to crash the cop car
yeah anyway so yeah the cops gonna stop
it stop sign
