you're gonna be that far away
flip the can you flip it on me I know
but just to just to see the shot awesome
cool yeah maybe a little zoom in or no
it's good flag them too for too far
okay
okay oh I see you yeah it's good
since ups what's up guys today it's a
beautiful day out and today I'm gonna
prank my mom with my good friend stomp
man Alex and a police officer Mike let
me do it again when my good friend
stuntman is too much already
yeah what's up guys today it's a
beautiful day out and today I'm gonna
prank my mom wouldn't all right let me
do this again what's up guys it's a
beautiful day out and today I'm gonna
prank my mom with my good friend Mike
and the stomp man Alex yeah what's up
guys it's a beautiful day out and today
I'm gonna prank my mom with my good
friend already little boy Eddie I'll see
the bloopers yeah yeah they're gonna
leave them in when I let this car buzz
but good friend Alex extraordinaire yeah
I'm just gonna do I'm just gonna do me
oh yeah it's extracted extraordinary
again your garden I get it already
what's up guys it's a beautiful day out
and today I'm gonna prank my mom with a
police officer Mike and the stomp man
Alex whoo good morning villains good
morning how you doing I hope you're
doing great so today is a big prank day
I'm gonna prank my mom she doesn't know
so I'm gonna pick her up
for a lunch date Saturday and basically
you're gonna find out what the prank is
but I'm here with the Christian
Christian Christian our officer Mike and
stahma and Alex
and today we're gonna make something
really great are you you always wanted
to be a cop so why don't you just be
just steal the car look at that that's a
prop car that's a prop car how come when
you got a prop car from Mike picking up
Cup videos everything was broken inside
don't use the disguiser prop guns
they're not even real oh my god it's
prop Wow hey I want that next time
anyway so I'm gonna go pick up my mom
right now basically our car is gonna
stop at the stop sign well and the stop
man we'll hit it with a bike we'll hit
the car with a bike sorry I'm just too
excited we'll hit the car with a bike
and I
know where there's going to be a police
officer that's going to show up to the
scene so and then I'm gonna get arrested
my mom is gonna flip out well first of
all that hits gonna be hard
so my mom is get you're gonna flip over
that anyways let's see how it goes I'm
really really excited about this the
wreck my car like you did Dave no I saw
that video yeah you guys want to crash
the cop car yeah anyway so yeah the cops
going to stop at stop sign I'm gonna hit
it with a bike we gonna fly over this
thing whatever and then you gotta pull
up literally ten seconds after car
passes by hey is everything okay here
you're gonna blame it on me that is not
okay exactly and you're gonna be way too
good what's going on my mom's gonna
freak out when she uses you kidding me
bah bah blah that's when you're gonna be
like oh gosh a four-legged rival is no
you just said I think we should just
skip this - you'd be aggressive - yeah
my mom maybe like you know what guys I
wasn't part of this I'm going to lunch
I'm leaving like no you're not going
anywhere put your hands behind your back
boom I'm like no I'm not doing it for
trans down back to get aggressive with
me for camera throw me on the hood or
probably the car I'm gonna be driving
and then you know yeah should he walk
him first and talk to him like he said
you remember yeah I know he needs to
pool you need to pull him over to the
side to get the story he's gonna blame
him for hitting the car yeah and then
you're gonna come over cuz Batali's
talking too much you got to control him
then you're gonna just run
stop sign just online just buy it now
yeah so you can drive down right yeah
yeah so it will basically it will be
your fault you get her on the stuff not
that I should not be paying attention
all right cool they'll be for me yes
this week yeah yeah yeah all right cool
so basically what happens is you want to
separate the incident to see what
happened I'm arguing with my mom make
her mom is a predator Bob
step away move on yeah I don't worry
about the camera or camera oh maybe my
mom should be by herself and me and the
officer and Alex are gonna be three of
us thought I wouldn't happen in real
life in real life he would separate you
and your mom and you'd get the story
from him
hey guys here be patient and then you're
gonna talk to him for literally 30
seconds you're gonna be pointing that's
in those handles them and then come back
and be like sir you hit him
I'll have your guardian hit him that's
when I freaked out resist arrest you
throw me in the hood my mom's yelling
yelling yelling yelling and then I
should make a sign where you should tase
me to the end of the video I don't want
to cut it too short you know go inside
the car you sit inside the car can I
open it from inside so I mean it's a
product
oh it's true I mean yeah we funny for
open door no no that's the end of this
well sure I got your hair cut by
bringing it you can break away and take
off this okay and then come out laughing
cuz you actually got it
hi Alex yeah but I just want you to pick
me up come here man yeah okay okay yeah
all right
okay hang on spruce and then this is
this what we conceived
Alex sup stuntman Alex how you doing
dude are you alright so what what we got
you doing today well I'm going to
basically scare living shit of his mom
by slamming a car when we get up he's
going to run the stop sign a little bit
and I'm just going to be riding down the
sidewalk the other side of the street
and the cars going to be perfectly in
the way yeah I'm gonna slamming the side
of it
passenger sighs inter sighs I'm not sure
if I'm gonna fly all the way over or
maybe wait on the hood side depends on
the speed and everything just gonna make
it look more southerly have you done
this before
oh yeah no this is great this is awesome
so now you're gonna go just like this
would be of padding and stuff no I'm
gonna Pat it beforehand nice in the
rehearsal because it's hot outside
what kind of padding do you have I have
a hip girdle
I have knee pads me about pads tailbone
pad elbow pad well so you get laced up
yeah I like longevity I want to work
tomorrow
nice what as many pads as I can put on
it did I can't wait to see this happen
man I can't wait for forces on dude he's
got the pads and everything he's doing I
know Christian's gonna film from right
here actually Ken in the open and you're
gonna pull from that corner I don't want
that corner okay so where am the old
actions gonna happen here I'm gonna be
in the ground the cop cars here the
plates here and here and then he's got
walkies so he's actually gonna park
around the corner oh cool and I'm just
gonna go boom boom fire your heart he's
got one Oh perfect you guys this car is
so badass this is the most original
realistic cop prop car that we could get
right this is the
is pretty much a good leaving it's got
the the beat stick right here just beat
somebody with that stick what's got
working computer
it's got working radio and it's got prop
guns these aren't real but they sure as
heck look real this is awesome
this car is bad to the bone and the
lights on top are updated it's not like
this little old-school lights these are
legit lights look at that that's so cool
come on I got a week and then what you
do is you have to have a magnet on the
car this shows that it's out of service
is a movie car that way it makes it a
street-legal right over the things we're
just driving when he's not on set you
got to cover these up yep dad has
covered and then when we shoot her
allowed to do you room for a little bit
that's so awesome the back I'm gonna
show you gotta cover back up stop Alex
you're going to the skate park that's
the whole outfit you got there yeah
better safe than sorry
yeah so what what out there stunts have
you done Oh a lot yeah I don't love the
Marvel movie
oh nice spider-man all right which one
which spider-man the newest one oh don't
worry no spider-man oh cool a spider-man
Devils oh nice I gotta promise you an
amazing spider-man nice that was
existent a guy running from spider-man
cool yeah hi guys so this is moments
right after my mom hey mom what'd you
guys think a good time that a great time
sorry maybe you can break away far was
about the wiggle out of her little
clothes
you know we revealed it you were like
this it's a job that's hilarious
whoo another banger baby
another banger so I'm editing this video
right now and it's going crazy crazy
look at all those layers you know I made
a good video when you see all those
layers and you guys gonna ask me what I
use for editing it's Final Cut X and
what the hell are you doing what are you
what are you doing what are you doing
what are you doing pop go to the dog
sorry guys about this mess I'm doing my
laundry do talk to your villains and
look at your video for a sec I know this
video is great I'm not gonna reveal the
video they're gonna see it on the main
channel Dipti easy not yeah we're gonna
try I'm trying to sell these bikes like
to the target because I see them to
having other targets so we want to sell
them back to you guys is that okay good
good bikes get stickers and he put right
back on the rack my view of my viewers
didn't want themselves just trying to
see if you guys want to buy him I'll
give you a high price off this 100 years
you're recording it 230 yeah I'm
recording returning the you guys are one
of the moving train just not record oh
okay yep yes so recording hey yo so we
just got some coffee yeah I met some
guys from Dubai who knows about them
camel things
yeah so we're just chilling here but I
feel like everybody everybody's here
from device you look around everybody
looks saw do what they love are Capel
yeah yeah
she showed off her now got me addicted
to I have it at my house yes and to do
cops ever stopped you by the way with
that because the thing is you know I
know it's legal but the driver stuff
y'all check this out this guy want a
price right now let me see the picture
bro yeah I think I think they'll know
it's me hopefully yeah yeah that's
awesome
what's your Instagram yeah much it wants
to go
yeah six duck NS what's yours a lady
doctor DVD a what
cool dude cool I love it I love it but
now let me hit that go Hawk the only one
thing I noticed in America that white
people don't recognize me
they I want to say black but I say like
chocolate mix vanilla I don't love it
you guys are Muslim no not really but
ready mommy let me die
because not because a lot of people from
Saudi Arabia and Dubai recognize that's
awesome when it's nice you bend over hey
you guys which in the blog - what's up
brother
some from where you from what I said and
we see there Dubai or Saudi Arabia or
Africa
no why - on the boy you didn't see me
yeah I don't know bro
I don't know I saw more economists I've
been learning hanging out with a virgin
thank you guys so much for watching this
log this blog came to it and I love you
guys hopefully you had a great day I'm
gonna bump tomorrow again and I am gonna
go to bed I'm tired of filming you prank
today was a great day with Dennis and
Dennis
don't forget the times of this vlog I
love you I love you I so much myself
ooh cute anyways love you guys
and what you have to say must be done
every border possible dunya that's the
darkness for dunya looking again we said
that da svidaniya bastard on yo yo so
which one you think in a good
