good morning villains i'm here with
dennis and we're heading to the gym he's
heading to his gym i'm adding to my gym
and then we're gonna go shopping for the
props that we need for tomorrow sprang
are you excited oh yes so anyways
heading to the gym another morning
another vlog she's gonna keep doing it
and you know getting prank when it
requires a stuntman oh yeah we're
getting a stump man that's forgot about
that had an awesome workout and by the
way guys I shaved that may be like last
clip I had some a little hair and I'm at
the gym I saw it and I shaved it they
have free razors so shave that anyways
heading back home oh I did chest and
triceps and I got boxing class tomorrow
at nine I am I think yeah I think 9am so
that'll be fun I love it it's like the
best cardio ever because I hate money so
gonna go home right now eat healthy and
just working and I've also got some
exciting news from Dubai in the same
prank so my flight to dubai next next
next next next month let me know in the
comments below if you guys want me to go
to the bike and but not for a month
obviously maybe for a week maximum let
me know in the comments below three huge
pranks in Dubai of course you're gonna
learn probably time to go but we'll see
let me know if I should go to the bar
all right villains who just got to
bestbuy well this is not the best by
walking through a parking garage but I
know but we're not gonna get a bike here
so we need bike for tomorrow's Frank and
we need um I'm buying a new vlog camera
because this is a piece of shit right
goes
yeah before I'm right away and I'm gonna
rope they get this one away you think
they would care yeah it would love to
have that game what's this game all
right yeah well I just said it's a piece
of shit it's uh neither that's a nice
camera it's not broken it works pretty
good alright guys if you want this
camera I'll sign it for you too what
should they do you have any imposters
liga okay in the comments something to
cut just come out they should go to your
facebook hmm I should go you're not
Instagram about to hit a million 40
miles from hitting a million damn i took
a low child I go to my Instagram no I
don't know if I wanted on my Instagram
dude is gonna be spam with comments I
want to get I want the vlog here I want
to walk up and wear what should I make a
facebook work you're gonna put a picture
of that camera up on your facebook and
they gotta go comment on it and you're
going to pick one random
Thank You perfect perfect if okay don't
do it on Instagram you'll be
disqualified facebook i'm gonna put a
picture on my Facebook fan page no
twitter twitter i'm gonna put okay all
right erase everything I'm gonna put
this vlog camera picture on Twitter as
you watching this it's already on
Twitter go and retweet retweet this
picture and if you retweet it i will
choose one person that we treated it to
win this camera sounds great sounds
great so now they can belong to yep good
luck hi so I just got to bestbuy and
inside attack mode attack mode yeah
perfect thank you buy this up and this
guy Wall Street right wall street all
right he told me to come to Wall Street
and prank I mean Wall Street you want to
be in the log or now you can be ya hear
what your Wall Street guy again oh yeah
I can be okay so we just got to target
and which dude we're trying to get bikes
and the cheapest bike is ninety-nine
dollars I remember being bikes being 67
a box gotta get three we gotta get three
goddamn they don't have anything in the
back I think this is all they have no
they got a little time you think so hi I
got this
yeah testing the bike out oh why is the
handlebar sign some dude I you know I
just I see this good to know yeah hold
me I'm testing on oh no you can't take
it out like no I'm stored yeah you can't
put it on a curse or yeah well we're
gonna get we gonna buy this one look at
this one the two orange ones right I'm
serving it took me almost are you buying
this yeah more when you tomorrow none of
us kids get one of those into the warm
for not gonna be happy with them yeah
you is nothing wrong with our that's a
good one this one this one's too big and
thicken
yeah so which one you think in a good we
did stick it out huh you you should just
walk around the store like this the
whole time looks like sub fret busted a
little you got it on there bro yep oh
you guys on the court I do the things
great weight is on the back of my shirt
no no no no it's perfectly your head
just look around the store after such a
hard day of pranking Dennis with shaving
cream having a coffee cleaning up our
mess yeah but we got these bikes for
tomorrow Frank's can't tell you ever
done but we're doing something something
really crazy that has never done has
never been done before with a twist
pilots missed original original
nationality creativity imagination
imagination activism activism Roy
laughing frozen so got the bikes now
we're gonna try to fit them in this uber
SUV thank god this guy's not this gonna
have a different reaction do you think
they're gonna fit sorry that's the
youtuber of the year male category
Batali's thought of bets key by
international industry professional
associations I got him that I got that
in my mail so answer I wanted to thank
you professional and I am gonna take
even know what you just said what is
this direction also I have some exciting
news I want to thank all my fans for all
the support for getting me this this is
from what did she awarded on behalf of
the entertainment industry professionals
association we would like to award the
tallies Adele Verret
Ski youtuber of the year male category
2014 category comedy not be such an
asshole anyways I want to thank you guys
so much for this and guess who's gonna
take 2015 I'm gonna take it again I'm
gonna work for it I got to work a little
harder to get it cuz last year I worked
my ass off this is so the same people
think if I ebah shut up bro yo I got the
same camera brah brah yeah I came in to
vlog brawl there I don't want to hang
out with you I thought what you said
about me in your lung well that's what
you get is actually fitting but that's
inspiring you can sit on the couch a log
I'm gonna just start doing done it look
what I did like you what's up guys girl
I got at the what's up guys what you up
to oh look at the Easter my trying to
salvage he has hair top 16 his hairline
is still here Oh get it get it get it up
I love you baby oh yeah what are you
talking about one's diet I've been
boxing y'all just trying to go to
cheesecake cheesecake yo you're fat but
they want a fee for rematch what you're
gonna say about that we got it we got it
what are gonna play with Dennis so I
battalion fifo for my gaming channel and
then I let him beat me the second time
so we can have a championship match they
told me I lost the first time cuz it's
your best alone and you didn't tell me
no I know I didn't know that's your oh
they'll just wanna be hey I'll Pinterest
I'm gonna play the rematch that is are
you good at it alright guys we got to
the Grove and we're gonna eat some
cheesecake factory I haven't been here
in the wild i'm here with Yusuf and
dennis and it's dangerous because it's
through youtubers the one person
recognizes us
see like don't do that why you did it
for attention yeah yo so with the
Cheesecake Factory and these boys got
some are so healthy bra I also meet mom
kidding but not I am me so look at this
and then I got a salmon I can't believe
it I'd eat any bread they eat some bread
but I'm keep looking up cuz I'm looking
at myself and I'm not focused when your
focus focus so yeah I'm gonna eat some
salmon and tomorrow boxing class once
again oh you suck we're coming I wasn't
lying check this beautiful dish out oh
that's it I'm committing I'm always say
die starts tomorrow but it started two
days ago I prob rose alright my villains
I think I tomorrow that's Madonna haha
hey I do it yeah do you think you are
who do you think you are he imitated me
i'ma tell ya i imitated you're good with
energy blah blah and that's not you
that's not no that's you uh oh by the
way they talk about my hairline too
guess what guys I'm not mad because this
hairline was since the day was born
marched in 1992 it's true when he was a
kid inhale on all the time to tell he's
going bald so i don't know if i am you
just does that taught me a picture of
him as a kid his hairline who's we Ben
oh oh my gosh you're right they lil me
my hairline before I went bald they said
your hairline goes as far back as
slavery I was like I was like I'm
shaving it I guess anyways I love you
back comments or good comments I love
you cuz you guys all my villains and you
know what the haters are my motivators
by no I ain't got no haters I'm the only
youtuber without haters so as fuck
kidding anyways guys please thumbs up
this vlog I love you and I look third
thirds log in the row there Kelis thumbs
up the slot thank you
alright anyways guys I'm integrated this
log go to sleep and tomorrow Jim who
love you the seed Anya look what they're
doing to this guy look april nine right
after the other attack happened what's
happening to the police officers they're
just one guy i know they can trip you
playing for the whole
