what's up guys what's up nick is here
and you know Nick we've been working in
a movie but now he came for another
project and this project is I'm not
gonna say anything but make just a
couple couple words vitally vitally uh
make you girls don't put your mom watch
it man don't worry this is not gonna be
a porn everybody's gonna call she's
doing another bang bus and stuff no it's
gonna be rated X and it's not one x is
gonna be 3 x's no even five it's gonna
be so crazy this is gonna be a party
show in a mansion in la movie comedy
xx's yeah and it's not gonna be able to
go on YouTube but I'm just hyping guys
up in two weeks we're filming it's a
good buy a new hefner that I knew happen
this is crazy this has been we've been
planning already this for almost a year
and we're finally it was a secret but
now we're gonna film this in about two
weeks and this is going to be one of the
crazies crazies things I probably have
ever done and I'm gonna film it I'm
gonna vlog it and just cheese you but
then you guys gonna have to go and watch
the full thing is going to be an hour
episode of messy humiliation disgusting
hotness playboy models there's gonna be
a fucking soup and I hope you will enjoy
it alright guys I guys all right guys
nick is leaving sup guys what I'm gonna
see you next brawl Sunday you're going
to the mansion with me you guys get the
mansion of course you guys serious deals
Christian supposed to be on another
planet thank you thank you for coming
through and sharing and Mars thank you
yeah this is gonna dress to Mars we're
have fun love you guys what's up guys
fist bump love you baby can walk thank
you alright guys so Dennis and I are
going boxing I'm doing this is my first
sport in probably years it feels so good
like a sport bro you're gonna get sweaty
a team cardio I gotta put my seatbelt on
but yeah we've got a little hype music
and we're gonna cruise down and a row
and just have some little fun oh look he
just ran a red light and I was about to
make a left and that the speedy was
going we were gonna crash for sure crash
plop we're not even done yet stripping
the sway the tallies cooked he's been
convinced this is a good workout yeah
baby we got sit-ups next yeah you got it
baby you got it who we just got done
killing it and the tallies dead he's
dead the tally bro what happened wake up
well that was the best workout I ever
had in years oh my god it's so dirty
bruh I've been somebody tired it's not
as dirty as this work out bro oh all
right guys just got home from a crazy
workout and it was was was crazy I loved
it every minute of it what do you think
that is I think that you did awesome did
you did great first day first try what
you've been traveling for how long yeah
I did really but you need I'm gonna sign
up and I'm gonna come back three times a
week because it was completely it's a
good cardio I hate running guys I hate
doing cardio and this was like the best
best best best best Cardian that I could
have had I'm gonna be so sore tomorrow
yeah man should I got you good strong
you're gonna feel stronger tomorrow dog
are you sure about them stronger better
I'm going to be working tomorrow dude so
we actually filming Dennis and I teamed
up on a good prank and we're gonna film
it next week it's gonna be great this
weekend is super busy Oh for the show
Nick was here what do you think about
the show that they collected gave me
these guys I just learned about this
today oh yeah even know about like how I
get to play behind the sea
some of the UH prints guys this show
tell either right side of the shorts of
it to the vitally show it's a big party
house and something crazy is going to
happen in it like something super super
super crazy so I'm super excited we're
supposed to shoot that like two weeks i
believe so Nick cries as a part of it
you got the sick mind everybody got a
sigma oh by the way my my store thank
you for all the sales today but it's
Nutella with a V at the end that's the
code that's the Shopify kool let me use
it they just didn't let me use them
tella because it's too basic so it's
Nutella with a capital V at the end so
you make sure you guys clear that clear
that store because those villain hats
are coming in hot they're really coming
in hot so we're chillin right now with
Dennis he's being healthy drink your
water on being healthy laying on the
couch and where's your face Rick oh shit
what happened your face your beard oh I
don't know I was lazy to shave I just
started shaving on my arm got tired from
all the boxing so I just stopped so
anyways we just brainstorming ideas we
got a lot a lot a lot of ideas coming
out yeah good ones we got big plans big
collapse they don't even know you don't
even know worthless commode baby 10
million subscribers before december
watch me i'm chillin on this website
right now and today in april nine after
that shooting after a cop shot that
black man the nobody got shot again but
in California there was a chase with a
horse a guy was running away and a horse
they taze them and then they beat him up
look look how many cops beat him up
loaded look what they're doing to this
guy look april nine right after the
other attack happened what's happening
to the police officers they're just one
guy i know they could trip keep playing
but on the whole squad like a football
team football TV was like look like a
basketball look i'm gonna skip it for
you of a look they're all beating him up
they're just be no she was running away
in a stolen horse
you run up look there's another one
there's two more they're just they just
want to do somebody better get violence
I know but they don't get by little your
mom that guy down I don't know I don't
know it look at this they hit him in the
head in the head and the balls whatever
it's a sad thing I don't know I just
wanted to talk about you guys what do
you think about the situations are you
scared of police in eat them they made
them into I'm not scared of police
personally as you guys already know I'm
fun though they turned them into mashed
potatoes that's what you said yeah
that's crazy by anyways guys it's all
about staying positive if I don't want
to bring a negative energy here but it
just bothers me great just bothers me hi
ladies and gentlemen ya know I look
probably funny with this I'm gonna shave
the rest he said I look like Joe Dirt
Joe third that's how they told me when I
had the full mustache it doesn't look
good on me right I shouldn't try it
again anyways guys don't forget to
thumbs up this log thank you so much for
watching and I'm gonna keep up with
these logs if your mum if I'm home
chillin on the computer I'm gonna let
you guys know that all right but for now
that's good on ya you even lift bro yeah
do you or what do you oh sure oh he's
angry
