Oh what's up villains what's up
cockroaches I'm sick and I was trying to
do these daily vlogs after I got back
from Miami but I've been in bed so my
mom just came over dennis is gonna be
here for another month and my mom came
over what the fuck and she brought me
and scale she says I'm getting fat so
she says before I eat I have to go in
the kitchen and before I go in the
kitchen
anyways dennis is doing his editing his
videos nice plug in there buddy
how was the boxing yesterday oh it's the
best you gotta go you gonna go I'm
planning to do three times a week boxing
card yeah I'm getting in shape cut out
on the traveling maybe Jesse's inviting
us to go to Philadelphia to go film some
videos that's like gonna be a good
collab but anyways before I continue my
mom reminded me of when she came over
stored the shirts the whole store is 30%
off guys off the whole store if you guys
want to sell it if you guys want to buy
it
anything 30% off it's gonna be for three
days only so make sure you guys check it
out the code will be Nutella and you te
ll eight Litella 30% off it's gonna be
three days after you watch this vlog so
starting right now
it's three days all right guys all right
so the other day I was driving guys and
I didn't tell you that well honey tell
you because I just started to vlog but
there was something on the road and I
swerved and the road was wet so I lost
control of my car and luckily my wheel
hit the curb and if the curb wasn't
there I would have hit the wall with my
body with the car with the body and it
would have been bad so right now my
car's in the shop I'm gonna go pick it
up and I am the guitar
the wheels are getting fixed next week
because they're getting in this week so
I'm gonna dress it's still drivable so
I'm gonna go take the car drive it and
pick up Dennis and then I'm gonna go
right now then this is actually gonna
come with me we're gonna go height all
right look look look at all this look at
all the supplements we take look at this
this stuff right here is awesome you
guys are ready we have a special guest
in the house yeah last time last time I
saw you was in Dubai bro I have to fix
my shit so dope is tobacco and herbs and
spice mix of this smoke in the UAE
mainly and it gets you a little but for
like 30 seconds but it's like smoking a
cigarette all right guys we just got a
nice little dinner at a sushi place I'm
not gonna do mine this stuff
yeah there's always one loser in the
group no it's Laver yeah it's flame its
flavored all right I'm gonna be a second
loser in the group its flavored that you
guys gonna do this what you do that you
do this sock
please love sake bomb sock that looks
dangerous sorry dude what happens how
you smacking it goes in the damn drink
really this popcorn ravaged I look like
a British ain't you
what do you mean - cheers Cheers really
- oh you gotta be so super cheer with
yeah I can get in if you just lift it up
Cheers
sniffles cheers broski's cheers villains
over there and you're part of the world
that's hilarious
that's the kind of logs of guys gonna
get when I'm bored I'm eglee what's up
dude what's up sexy boy what you're
doing you little naughty peanut I love
you I want a secretary Deana a young ID
Pina
baby boy you should cry cry me a river
cry me a river boy
right here look at that Nutella
ooh lick that that's right there you to
lick Mattel off your boys ass I'll send
you $100 on PayPal right now I'll send
you $100 on paper right now if you put
on his ass and lick it off no 100 bucks
right now I'm here with my homies I 100
bucks they fell right now bro 100 bucks
you can't link it up his ass did I do it
for free and you can't even do it for
$100 do some curls for my vlog do some
curls hey if you even lift bro yeah do
you or what well first of all the form
sucks
second of all you didn't drink
pre-workout so you failed just getting
good hell yeah did you have a gym on
your house bro you're awesome man that's
awesome in your room or excuse me bro
what do you like to eat what guys I like
to eat Kentucky Fried Chicken open your
mouth really wide yeah it was in the
blog I put the camera completed to your
face so we go for your mouth oh it's not
your mouth guys guys guys guess who I
just met I met a black person that is
from Ukraine
whoa you didn't see that every day haha
that's awesome dude
that's my African American homie right
yeah let's take a picture dude this guy
from Dubai what's your name again face
it face told me I should do daily vlogs
and he find nothing to do just sit on my
couch and do this logs so I'm gonna do
it I should do it I should just do it
I'm gonna lay on the couch wait you like
Youssef like Yousaf who
you just go hi guys I'm on let me see
let me see
yeah sure is it your uh you're on the
screen sander oh my god type I can't
hear you oh my god look at the other one
oh that's awesome
damn alright guys check out this awesome
dude little munchkin he has a YouTube
channel guys go tell him to tell us that
what do you do on it brah oh thanks oh
yeah he doesn't been iPhone's he does
pranks oh come on alright guys this was
a okay vlog I hope you guys enjoyed and
I'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
to thumbs up let's see how many thumbs
up we can get if you watch to the end of
the vlog thank you guys so much for
everything you my villains thank you i
I'm just gonna try to just blog like
this you know just be one of those guys
