what up what up guys what up villains
I'm here within another day with this
guy you me manage odd Steve and his crew
what's up Steve Joe with another palace
here and we're just gonna chill eat and
we're gonna go on the buggy is 1200
horsepower buggies Steve just went
skydiving but he doesn't know what's
about to happen to him he's about to fly
yeah Sally I just got this yo-yo yeah
neon future bro that's right very meta
you come back here look at these toys
that they have here choose whatever you
want one this one you guys should be
better than this these things are so
fast we're about to show you about to go
to a desert and it's about to be insane
so where we do buy you travel so much
you didn't know where you add we're
gonna do buggy no we go we go to the
black one yeah do jumping hey can we set
up a GoPro to in the front
that was the best of the video of my
life that was so good
that was the best ending ever
wait so sick days anybody hurt no it's
so safe I thought it was dead Ayana I
honestly thought it was that but
everything was great except sand in my
eyes I got a facial from the sand I'm
not helping come on guys do you even
lift
yeah whoa whoa nice job guys first try
it looks like everybody lives here
leaking oil that's why the King started
actually I'm gonna play a clip of what
happens
you bought if anyone else want to ride
in my boat
beautiful
just said goodbye to Steve and tomorrow
we can have a fucking crazy day
we can't wait to sleep so tired
what's up villains what's up I'm a
couple they know it's vlog style I'm
couple days before leaving Dubai and we
met Achmed this is the guy who does the
line videos the Tigers and he invited me
to his house his friends I made up this
is santa fe' yeah introduce yourself
thank you all we have to remember one
name they only have to remember one name
or two just Neiman Vitale after him I'm
Ahmed Mohammed I leave you know two very
days so we came here today to play with
tigers and lions I heard it safe but
today we're gonna make the best video I
met Hamed bekhesh is the number one lion
and tiger guy in the body if you go on
the internet thank and you go on
Instagram and you go on to the Instagram
account it is crazy so you gotta check
it out what are we doing so you're
telling me this is safe right here Nemo
you want to go in first
safe
you played with then enough I mean are
you scared or not you played before you
never play sure just are you gonna go in
NEMA you want to go in first so if they
eat looks like it's it's safe are you
sure and we're about to go can we go you
only live once
hi guys I'm gonna play with the line
you ever run only once
what's fear in life nothing faster this
is so crazy stop here welcome to Dubai
oh it's cute so a lot of people are
gonna say oh it's drugged its drugged do
you ever put drugs see before you say
anything it's not drugged and it's not
in the cage he only puts in the cage for
us here's a big yard over there he plays
he eats he respects these animals so
please guys show this guy some respect
he's gonna bite you next round - this is
a tiger
what about this one it just bit my ass
get him out of here yeah now let go and
run yeah no Sonia and I just got to the
pharmacy we left an epic day and there's
gonna be so many more videos that are
coming and so I want to say something
really funny we just went to the
drive-thru at the pharmacy and I was
like yeah I need something to treat a
lion bite and a tiger scratch and so
something that I've never said in my
life before it's kind of funny he's got
a shark
my gosh is way too open I need some aloe
neosporin and bend it look at my hands
all right guys thank you so much for
watching this epic traveling vlogs it
came to an end this was my last
traveling vlog so let me know if you
want me to continue doing regular vlogs
and I probably will a thing I really
want to try it and I also want to do I
want to ask you what was your favorite
part of this trip let me know I think
the last log killed all of them but
anyways thank you so much for watching
these vlogs thank you to Nima for
traveling with me Thank You Kirk for
traveling with me and bailing on me
early but I love you guys I love
everybody thank you so much again and
the Soudan yeah
