what's up guys study log at night I'm
sorry because during the day I really do
not think such sleep but he's gonna make
it up for me sleeping I'm chilling with
my new dog and cats here at the palace
what's your name introduce yourself
honey I'm ed as on Assad some song
Sultan and they inviting me today palace
and we're just hanging out having a good
time and uh Nemo Nemo got new pets yeah
bring him on the plane so we're just
hanging out here another day in Dubai 25
more to go we're just hanging out what
do you know with our hands okay were you
about to do NEMA we're about to feed
cheetah some you taking too long in the
wrong let me prank you let me throw it
on top of it
don't throw throw while he's there okay
look at that right now no no chill chill
tell me right here let me can I die
while I got you I got you here we go
Nima what are you doing here kitty kitty
kitty
I'm sucking feet a little bit of chicken
that's a little bit of chicken that's a
lot of chicken who's a like who's the
lucky one hair there stood one do one -
mm-hmm he's ready for it at the same
time yeah you could you throw - I gotta
don't go close all right three two one
all right that's so cool you guys feed
him how many times you feed on a day I
don't know three three three times a day
that's so cool that's some great huh hey
baby hey hey I'm cute little fluffy I
can chew thank you
hey baby all that stars dilation you
almost you almost looks just like you
what are villains yeah I know this is
kind of embarrassing that I'm shut down
like this but we're one of the sheiks
what's his name I don't know if we
should mention him in the vlog why
you're not allowed to go blogger this
house anyways they basically it's one of
the Royal Family's palaces and they say
stop at this road do not go past the
signs or you will get shot so we're here
all duck down with me but not yeah this
is the Dubai vlog another night
yeah I'm blogging at night because sleep
probably during the day from all the
partying but anyways the body's been
treating me insane so what this palace
is supposed to be a lot of animals
exotic animals but you already seen it
but this is supposed to be like on
another level anyways yeah this is
pretty much crazy and what's your name
what's your number
cuz call me maybe now that was
completely not right but anyways we're
here in the middle of fucking nowhere
and I feel like I'm in Syria war zone
right now
all these lights turned on with red with
red dots on them the fucking sniper
aiming here so coming to us then oh fuck
something what are there's no questions
asked shoot later ask questions now
shoot now ask questions later we're
going to overcome oh cool so we just got
prank well I almost got shot by these
guys they like who the fuck are you
waiting for
good good acting good actually okay
fucking uh ticket okay okay wait right a
we tried it we tried why'd you get
fooled because I got because we're
buh-buh-buh no meaning or and in this I
didn't fall for this that's good that's
good footage yo fuck you motherfuckers
we try should have played a more scared
like like like scary thing is his voice
but at this point I know but at this
point of us care for anybody I knew
people just fuck you at this point yeah
we smell does be found that's what
happens when your brain stir so we just
got to the base camp having a little tea
thanks to Mohammed by Mohammed right
I'll sell me out the sandwiches are
amazing just doing everything is amazing
everything is amazing everything in
Dubai is amazing yeah
leaving the teeth even the cop look at
this Cup so taking it easy for now
because it's only 8 p.m. I don't know
what's gonna happen in two hours a lot
of girls invite us to a club Who am I
Who am I not but we will cuz you
yeah we've been saying this every day
since I've been here every no come back
to 7:00 a.m. just a little camp over and
we got some another food no sandwiches
this time now it's a real deal here this
doesn't even seem like a camp it seems
like a like a resort resort yeah there's
check-in right there
so just going to eat some good food
chill out uh on the carpet I love it cuz
it's better than tables I feel like I'm
at the picnic now yeah
so we're chilling here by the fire and
as a professional photographer they came
here it's not more any more selfies here
this is going to be a photo shoot how do
you bring my bikini today so
wow this is nice did you cheer like this
every night talk to friends and relax
what I like to have a yeah
I will tell you Allah domine I'm below
Dubai and smoking smoking real hard
this is Doha not we good tobacco hard Oh
huh-uh he will be able to pronounce it
properly Doha go go to a special place
that I can log but after this one we
might go to a cool lunch in the palms
but we're just wrapping out in this
house because I don't know how to rap or
how to sing twice three four to the
eight you look was amazing you're like
what a fuck get the fuck out of the car
my car oh and this is the boy I've been
getting my cars from that says how long
you're busy huh
what up guys good morning villains and
this is Nima and this is my friend
Claudia and we just got to the water
park and we are going to destroy but uh
we got the GoPro because obviously this
camera that I'm holding in my hand right
now it's not gonna go in the water so
let me start this vlog with you with a
nice nice water park three two one
you
so we just got to the beach after an
epic waterpark I hope you guys enjoyed
the montage yeah that was really fun
you got most of the clip he's told to go
for the whole time I know you were busy
being scared going oh yeah he's scared
okay so we're here now I'm gonna be a
cheetah which is hookah I'm gonna eat
some good food with an axe real nice of
the skyline of Dubai I finally got a new
vlog camera I'm so happy yeah
next level and we're other like Atlantis
look at that my place is dope oh yeah
look at that the water park was not that
water park was actually pretty good
where bad things about it it was good
everyone I recommend it alright guys so
we were really really really hungry look
at this oh my god
we're gonna everything we're not leaving
until everything's done from this table
no how does it look for you good
delicious
good morning good morning good morning
villains with my boys again in Dubai and
we about to pull a prank
hopefully it's going to work what do you
think there's enough girls at this Beach
people walking it I think it's gonna be
pretty good I think I got the outfit I
got the camel right in the back and it's
gonna be a very very very epic video
account yeah we got a good location I
think it's a really good spot because of
the views which we we're gonna shoot
over there so we remember for John I
have in the background or jaw bridge
I let us vote for jello Wow whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa anything Wow
it's crazy that easy yeah what a camel
can do look at this beautiful camo look
at this beautiful guy thank you guys for
providing the camel especially the big
things to still diamond you thank you
for this beautiful camera especially
really beautiful camel if I was a car
Karmakar is a beautiful caramel caramel
Campbell Wow Wow another one in the
books haha where that was an epic I
think that people are really gonna like
yeah I let's take a selfie with a camel
alright guys just got the limbo gas is
so cheap Europe you can fill up a
Lamborghini for $20 $25 I love Dubai
I love Dubai I'm in love with Dubai live
it live it real hard we gotta perform
Oni Lambo perform Oni
well we're we are we are at a 50 year
old Persian restaurant that's all this
one in Dubai place don't judge it by its
cover this place is supposed to be
dismal look at this this is the best do
they do that in Sweden
take my pen shut about Carrie
I guess fine Russia look at this yeah
chamomile time yes is this real camera
milk oh wow it's a custom it's one of
those bottles like in Russia what seven
o'clock in the morning they go speak
English yeah
I see oh ho yeah okay very good yes yeah
what'd you feed we'll give you the full
bottle no one is in a five yeah why
don't you just touch my little chicken
arms oh hey just go where we care for me
what's my number
look at this look that's funny
let me smell you gonna bus okay who
wants my number
look so since I ate everything every
tomato cucumber and I brought me a big
one what is the full tomato now I want
to hold to my house so I don't know if
you guys know I made also shirts and you
guys should buy them it's the hood the
hood shirt that's how we move how some
again in the hood look at that you see
my chicken is about
mutton kebab chicken and mutton in the
open not chicken much oh my god
how girl so this was the best best
restaurant business no best Iranian
restaurant I'm gonna tell people to come
here I better come here they're gonna
take care of you tell them to challenge
the restaurant what's the name of sadi
study what study was thank you yes thank
you
I treat you here so well you can know
they brought me box up for sure they
brought me everything thank you guys
thank you guys thank you hi boys and
girls of all ages I'm gonna end this log
thank you guys so much for watching I
love you love you don't forget to thumbs
up this vlog and tomorrow is gonna be a
very epic day and I'm gonna peace out
okay thank you look at this guys look at
this we're literally on top of the world
I can't believe it so the prince bungee
jump from this skydive skydive
