good morning good morning good morning
guys villains papa roach's carriages or
and another interview but this time it's
a motel room much easier yeah what's up
guys look at these guys what's up my
friends take the picture we now know we
had a big fight yesterday
oh shit somebody did that tries to fight
me and the security fucked them up so
big I know some Indian I spray champagne
everybody and he got like mad and she's
the come here I think he's gonna say
something he punched me in the face and
I was in the with a railing so I
couldn't reach and everybody's like
holding me back and I was like no I'm
going after him hi so we're doing the
interview right now with iPhone 6
they're just really advanced yeah they
just wanted to make videos hi but
anyways now we're waiting for the camera
crew and we're gonna do a little sketch
right now hey guys fine join you the
world's best buddy how's it going before
we start again you've got a lot of
Malaysian fans yes and in Malaysia
bubble means love you so I would like to
say that the camera I'm Vitaly and I'm
very bubble but what's up guys my name
is Vitaly
you know wait wha what oh yeah it means
I love you yeah you sure about that your
motherfucker
sorry what you calling me stupid
you fucking stupid who is the bottom now
yeah but not just remember good acting -
you realize we've here yeah I was trying
to flip you were like no no my Russian
is good really cool that you cut sirs oh
yeah is that okay that's some other
fucker no actually not motherfucker
cause he's my age oh yeah yeah you kids
Eagles in TV yeah yeah oh my god alright
hey guys I'm very honored to be joined
by a battalion well the best prank stuff
thanks come thanks for having no worries
and before we start the interview okay
you've got a lot of Malaysian fans I
would like you to look at the camera and
say i'm vitaly and i'm bored or what all
means love you very much
okay my name is vitaly and Bordeaux well
don't we yeah I mean it's not even a
fuck are you calling stupid right now
you invited me for this interview I did
I say fuck yeah
when you do this all to your face of the
villain camera so if you just be like
you're calling me stupid then girl would
be that's it just so they see you
setting the camera you know we shouldn't
worry about them because none agents
love it when I slept she knows somebody
faster yeah yeah hey guys I'm joined by
the world's best pranks are Vitaly how's
it going mate great well also MLA okay
model means love you so I want you to
look at the camera and say i'm vitaly
and I am very bottle okay ah my name is
Vitaly Bordeaux what what means love
yeah who are you calling stupid stupid
stupid why would you invite me to your
interview and now you're calling me
stupid
I'm no good you stupid none and then
there you go - don't ever call me stupid
ever who is the bother now good perfect
that again
I saw we do another promo for the show
mm-hmm so do I say or just started no I
can't you stop I'm good just a few but
yeah so you want to arm-wrestle me yeah
you know you think bit of strength
I'm ancient bro all right yeah yeah you
feel a Chinese boy yeah he was a Chinese
pop boom boom your face yeah take two
take theta with you yeah you're pretty
heavy fuck just push the knife that
young like I'm like what 50 give me five
already
hey so you wanna wrestle me yeah
want some of this you want someone this
seamless oh well Matt Matt I don't know
the other end three two one yeah Asian
Parliament from China
yeah that's right you supposed to win
yeah you're supposed to him
but guess one oh good that was really
good yeah yeah let's go everybody go -
yeah sorry the jeans which one hey guys
no mocking Brendon and it's very nice
defense
hey no mocking Brandon and we with me
here because we're spying so nice to
meet you bye Jimmy thank you so much
well I do it but swoon no no it's
actually a listening I should be
medicine yeah so to us and what do you
do anyway we don't really know what you
do what's your job
um I'm actually a dishwasher at
McDonald's oh really
yeah this was shot yeah how'd you did
YouTube video yeah YouTube videos on
YouTube or something in it what's your
words are YouTube and Ivy trying since
you're here you're training like so
compilation food so far I really think
so your friends our country isn't over
try anything anymore
you know what looks like you got rid of
this remedy like an elephant in Russia
it's no flute in Russia no no in Russia
we dogs are Malaysian cats
sexually monkey brains that's fine
mm-hmm and of course you know since
you're all secure you know what I'm just
a stupid Malaysian goals you know
because relating builds me thinking on
completion girls but as I said before
interesting guys stop talking about
girls all right so this stands yesterday
we're standing for four hours and didn't
get a picture and their friend took a
picture and told them that I'm here
so they fucking rushed here like the hot
of breath they still recovering where
you guys from
cool nice all right guys headed back to
the airport sad I know
but seeing of Singapore is gonna be
super super super super fun so I can't
wait for that we can't think how much
you guys really helped us out yeah they
just took care of this whole trip pretty
much and if you guys want to check him
out epic channel max meant TV that link
is in the description below thank you
guys so much for watching
we're headed to Singapore I'm not ending
this vlog yet but Singapore is gonna be
dope just got to our room and it is that
exciting oh look at that we got the best
view in the house this is so crazy
oh look at this holy shit dude this is
Cambodia know shit about Cambodia but
we're finally finally made it to
Singapore and this is my bathtub
tomorrow morning the view is insane
right now we're gonna go to a drink for
Marina Bay or in debates that Marina Bay
Marina Bay Sands Wow and it's like
we're outside right now on the 57th
floor
I came to this Meetup and uh it really
sucks because
I have a question for all my fans here
and if they're fucking mentally now
they're gonna answer me right but don't
lie and only say the truth want to ask
you this who in here disliked one of my
fucking videos I don't not gonna be mad
I just want to know at least one video
you tell me if not of your motherfuckers
press one vid thumbs down on my video so
there's so many so many people showed up
that my vlog gamer ran out of memory
cards but I'm gonna go say hi with my
iPhone
Oh
thank you for coming with everybody just
wait in line I promise you everybody's
gonna get a picture don't go home I'll
promise you okay thank you
everybody's gonna get a picture nobody
nobody's gonna go home I promise Sunday
night I have a flight to Dubai but guess
what if one thing doesn't get a picture
I don't go home if I miss the flight
go fuck yourself yeah
hi guys Singapore I fucking loved you
the night is not over I'm gonna go in
the club chillin with some people about
really they might not fans day my
friends and anyways don't forget to
thumbs up this vlog I really love you
but guess what
