good morning good morning
oh what an epic night I wish I can tell
you now I can tell you what we did you
just not gonna believe what we did but
yeah what an epic night whatever they
know anyway look how beautiful it is
this is so peaceful here and beautiful
some romantic shout out to my boy
Vietnamese boy who gave me a boom-boom
room
alright alright alright this is a
painful and that's not a painful morning
we're heading back right now we're
trying to figure out what we're doing I
don't know why while I'm talking a
pointing at me more but this is just a
pretty little problem so what are we
doing dude the motion to kuala lumpur to
meet you guys but the helicopter is out
of service and we're not gonna get on
that helicopter
I'm glad the helicopter didn't go too
Cesario option over to option number Q
is we can fly out of the airport like
kind of close to here but we have to
stay in Ho Chi Minh City for one night
and get to Malaysia in the morning and
then option number three it's get to
Hanoi and we're trying to find a nonstop
flight to Malaysia so waiting to get
some internet access so we can make that
happen
good job alright anyways look how
beautiful that is out here so peaceful
nice how do we know what to show you
guys look at this so we just got back
final in the land hand we have a flight
in three hours to Malaysia and this
street reminds me of Brazil this looks
just like Brazil here oh by the way
we're trying to use ATM to pay these
guys and tip them but all day ATMs are
out because the power is out so waiting
for Neiman right now because she was
buying me the hat that's my son let me
show you the picture you know that's my
son picture that everybody sweetie me
because I looked at like that first in a
while now I'm gonna recreate and say
that's my dad
so I think it's pretty funny but yeah
right now we're gonna head to the
airport and take a taxi to another ATM
this trips been amazing especially this
boat I have a lot of fun so we're
driving right now with the most craziest
driver and he goes in opposite direction
and the truck is coming towards in of it
we're just going towards I mean he's so
just she just goes you crazy man they
were going on the runs out of the road
with semis coming and the semis don't
even stop they're just calling if we're
missing the semis by like a foot it's
that close
Imperius like we're near to get to the
airport fast but everyone think about
all the brothers keepers flight yeah we
had the same time we're like a seatbelt
finally after crazy driving we made it
yeah I thought I was gonna die
Keitha yeah we finally made it and you
know what I love about airports when you
don't have to wait you just go straight
to your plane you go through security
and you just go excuse me and I think
this is one of the easiest airports ever
been to ever it's like such a it's a
really nice Airport but the way that we
went through everything is like
first-class it was over on regular seats
yeah and in Cambodia we just paid laid
under the table we were gonna do that
here just gonna pay like 20 bucks and
then they just skip the line everything
but there was no line there was nothing
so it's awesome let's go find it landed
in Malaysia and now and now you know how
they say never get in the car with the
strangers now we have some people
picking us up they say they're gonna
take care of us you trust them I think
we're gonna be in good hands I have a
good feeling about this okay so right
now we're gonna go and I'm gonna check
in and have a nice dinner and tomorrow
up here and I have a radio interview
here in Malaysia at 7 o'clock in the
morning we'll see about that now I'm
definitely gonna wake up that way I have
a good feeling about this but we did go
I did have a good feeling about helping
the lady with the milk what a great way
to start Malaysian trip Flusser bags
minute and the airport for three hours
the people are waiting for us and you
just feel so bad it's still so bad we
have to go to dinner and go out Mellie
knows nothing we're gonna have to go to
the Malaysian Walmart
riding a rider arrived we got to the
city and look at this look there's
actually nice cars here nice city and
what's that bro what's your name where
you going in the airport what's up dude
where you going are you shy Tommy what's
up so these guys are taking me out they
have a big company here I don't want to
talk a little more about it but they
have a great channel it's a French it's
called max man TV maxilla to you and
these guys got arrested and this guy
waited from these three hours at our
Airport sorry you're the man what's up
so these guys are the best we hear about
these a little good food have drinks and
then back to the hotel shots for
everybody
nice meeting you Cheers thanks for such
a nice accommodation I love this welcome
this welcome is awesome thank you guys
takes everything let's make this
Malaysia trip good one evil is just left
for three hours and I made it off to the
radio it's supposed to be one of the
biggest radios in Malaysia so I can't
miss it I slept for three hours now I'm
headed there time for a little breakfast
and go it's about six o'clock in the
morning I gotta be there at 7:00 you
know you're always going to be there for
that traffic all right all right all
right so look at these boys look at this
energetics o'clock in the morning what's
your name my name is Sheikh Sheikh and
go to Nana and so they bring me to the
news to the stations like that it's
ready is that a big radio station so I
should promote my meet up here right or
through the radio let them know
everybody yeah all right we finally made
it boy yes yeah what's up what's up guys
yo yo yo what's up what's up what's up
homie G back on Monday but here in the
studio today we are gonna start struck
really oh my gosh it's vitalyzdtv
pranksters on YouTube with over what 7
million subscribers right now 7.9 so you
have that many friends yeah they're not
fans they're friends exactly 11 million
and - alright guys thank you so much for
having me I had a blast
thank you for television and especially
hits a family thank you guys you guys
are awesome thank you see ya up weekend
so we just got back into the car and I
here's some guys sound familiar Vitalogy
DTV actually does one of the famous ones
is when you were in the World Cup yeah
that's one of the few streak the World
Cup Argentina vs. Germany final game in
Brazil this year last year well way to
go to putting yourself on the map bro I
wouldn't see Germany won the World Cup I
would see if I tell you won the world I
got the world copy right now you got a
movie coming out right
yes natural born pranksters absolutely
this year coming up all right I'm gonna
take a nap and after the snap another
interview you got me another interview
another one I'm not the one Malaysia
just doesn't want to stop what's up dude
what's your name look at this guy yeah
I'm Michelle I am from Saudi Arabia
Saturday I got a lot of fans from Saudi
Arabia yeah you have a lot of friends
yeah Vic Romano thanks you thanks dude
see you later well just kind of haircut
whatever you know what you think yeah
what do you guys think it's cool great
what did they say you have to move or no
it's cool
so what do you think about the haircut
it's Hina cumin that's kind of cool
young young good anyways we got to KLTV
these guys are hooking me up you guys
said you have a YouTube channel
what's the YouTube channel yeah I real
been subscribed to these guys they
helped me out a lot so make sure you
check them out all right we're at the
KLTV alright there's so many cameras ok
me unique healthy baby man extra special
so but obviously kita rockets to put
them can Dre but in Malaysia happy day
but I did wanna go and keep the simple
Kanodia somebody artist Prince the Mima
me miss I'm gonna tell you to none
higher than whittany a fuck about
Malaysia ok so first of all how do I
pronounce your last name
it's very that's key so this guy were
trying to park your VIP and this guy's a
prankster - he has a handicap and yeah
him he's not handicapped did you make it
yourself in America I need it like a
hard copy this looks like a cheap piece
of paper what's up bro how you doing
he's a little shy shy what's up what's
your name
Jonathan nice to meet you oh yeah
alright alright alright what a crazy day
we got a lot of things done today two
interviews now we went shopping I'm I'm
late for lunch
hello I love how I'm looking at my clock
which I don't have a clock but so yeah
my phone's dead they probably texting me
right now and he must probably texting
me freaking out but I'm gonna change and
we're one hour before my meet up one
hour can you guys believe that one hour
is gonna be really really crazy
Bobby hey police
alright guys we just got back and I have
never seen anybody work as hard as you
guys you guys crushed you guys are
drenched in sweat
oh cool salty if you can guys hang out
here if not all you guys to make sure
take care of all of you you guys did a
great job thank you so much thank you
thank you I can't wait to do this again
we just managed to meet up with the W
Malaysian fans a crazy you guys are nuts
tell me what you're gonna say about
Malaysia mate I love Malaysia I didn't
expect 30 people gonna show up but
honestly let's not over exactly how many
people do you think that was so I
brought this awesome fan that was
waiting here since 8:00 in the morning
8:00 in the morning dude and he didn't
get a picture with me so I had to bring
him up here and hang on with him for a
little bit
cool man so damn did you get hurt in the
meetup sorry about the man you deserve
that cool let's take a picture
yeah all right round two look
everybody's behaving fool here I'm gonna
block it up
what a crazy night what a crazy day was
yesterday I passed out drunk and last
night was crazy I got into a fight look
at these teeth marks it's fucking crazy
not too much but the security saw me
getting into a fight and they fucked the
guy up I feel bad whoever you were I
sprayed champagne over everybody
everybody loved it one guy bitched about
cos he had three drops on his face
anyways guys I'm end this vlog please
don't forget to thumbs up thank you guys
so much I got more interviews coming up
tomorrow what which is today but you're
gonna see my next vlog thank you so much
for watching I love you guys thank you
I love Malaysia - a lot finally made it
on top but you don't see what we see
yeah you can't yeah the cameras off the
camera doesn't explain Oh
