yo yo yo yo yo good morning villains it
with another day we would need my right
now seats camera like you have to hold
it for a long time to see when Holland
Bay basically this we're going through
on a little cruise through two thousand
islands and they're leaving us while
we're here vlogging yeah so yes are you
excited for this really excited we're
actually right next to the China border
we're in the northern northern part of
Vietnam and we got a pretty good group
of people that we get to hang out with
party and have a really cool day of
adventures planned today yep we got
people with masks sitting right behind
this blog oh yeah and I I sprained my
ankle yesterday so you'll make my new
brain yes thank you that's what you get
when you will do tally you get hurt or
arrested see you're right this is a boat
to boat right I know this is everyone on
some backpacks we got big giant luggage
you know yeah I know everybody just has
one back quick look at us we're going
back home we're going back to Olay on
the boat
well let us imagine I was what we
actually did we went back to LA on the
boat yep just got on their ship and look
at our room holy crap you would think oh
look at this shower bathroom and the guy
told us so sharing a room the guy told
us if you bring a girl back tonight one
room for you boom boom nice right nice
boy and they recognize them too
because we're in the middle fucking
nowhere oops check it out let it calm
down movie this it's an old cruise ship
ship
so Fred up but it's beautiful it's
beautiful
you ready to go have a drink yeah
sitting upstairs sitting upstairs you
come to lunch
cheese and Cheers
good little met some cool people from
Russia here we got french roommate
french fries yo yo yo guys check out
this view just borrowed these glasses
from Nemo - this Beach you're not gonna
swim it's pretty cold dude I don't know
what should be dad those guy is good
swim what's this yeah it's gonna do some
laps go to that Island aback okay you
want to do it alright so they told us
there's wild wild wild monkeys here so
we're gonna go to where else we've
smaller spheres yeah there's a lot yeah
we're on a private beach right now and
they like clunk you on the head what did
they bite you we're gonna leave you
shots I don't know members but a monkey
stick thank you sick I got the monkey
stick I let's get some wild monkeys I
would love to get knocked out by a
monkey I long as I don't get bit I'm the
monkey for sure for sure look at them
stairs
well you should walk just stop being a
girl Amy we have our German friend -
German friend what's your name again
American guys max do you know max was my
fake ID named Matt I like max that's why
I was Bruce Perez we just keep on
walking walking and walking for the view
out here is amazing
how's the ankle dude this is a fucking
sock King nice cane venture is your 200
real quick ah let's just Cuba what's up
guys how was it good view for a picture
enough Karen army finally made it on top
but you don't see what we see
yeah you can't usual yeah the cameras
off the camera doesn't explain Oh
just arrived to another island and this
is the cave this is one of the things kz
ER and this place is there's no tourists
here yeah yeah no tourists whatsoever it
all is is fairly new tourist but we'll
see inside you never know these maybe
older people doing it every army get a
chance to climb up
maybe these are indigenous cavemen so
we're gonna check this out and show you
guys around but I expected better not
gonna lie
the doctors told you not to come here
but you still came here with your mother
fucking cockroach in food up there so
weird who we're more stairs to
definitely that's why I'm getting
skinnier here I lost 12 pounds so far on
this trip I've been here for a month now
and it was like yeah inside a cave
so we've drilled this hole George Bush
yeah George Bush came here and killed
him what if he's just holding on somehow
that's not going to spin here for
millions you know what
today's the day it's not just sound when
he's wrong you know like you like you
said we should bide this space and then
cold us make this a club it was making
this a nightclub and call it cave the
game that's sick you should have bought
your speaker and we'll just sit it out
damn this is one of the biggest parts of
the cave do you really want this to be
to your house yeah imagine you can make
soda such cool parties parties and nice
kitchen
yeah nice kitchen and theater room you
don't everything but it'll be cold but
obviously we'll make it it gives another
definition come over to my man cave I
just got to beautiful entering the cave
cave look at that this is sick said
there's so many tourists
go go go go go go go all right we're in
the middle of nowhere we're supposed to
come back in 40 minutes and we just took
our jackets off life jackets off for the
picture and they screaming probably put
your fucking jackets on you fucking
gay-ass motherfucker bitch in front of
the cave look at this game
guys guys guys you won't believe this
hold on oh they probably want to be able
to see it oh look at that look at that
Sun up it's so big ah so much I can't
got wet and I prefer my Indonesian shirt
that's only one thing I have and now
we're gonna do cooking class baking
class all right let's see how it's made
and if I we met from the price and
manually buying and we take the red team
yeah and it's all in phenom have many
crack swings oh yeah I thought we can
see there it's a meat meat can be better
all right guys so we're here eating this
beautiful dinner whatever
don't rush upon you what is your sign
boys day how do you know why again you
see my face before
oh yeah what what was a joke oh wait
it's not a joke
what did she say though oh no she says
about my feet don't put her on YouTube
you have to sign a release form
I will blur her face don't worry guys so
repute the beauty will blur be blurred
all right
okay so we're eating a beautiful dinner
cheers guys
cheers Cheers come on chairs lehayim
congratulations all right guys have a
good time everybody thank you for this
beautiful dinner
no just pick us up
not me not a monkey which I don't know
all right guys thank you so much for
watching this log if you guys want to
see what happens next check out the next
vlog tomorrow but yeah it got pretty
crazy um thank you guys so much for
watching thank you for coming to this
paradise with me and I'll see you guys
tomorrow okay don't forget to thumbs up
the speed ID yeah so we had it two of
you to meet sweating right now and they
told us not to show up empty-handed so
we present to you
Emiliano Boone ah no the goat
