good morning villains from Vietnam good
morning good morning good morning right
now we're on the way to pick up Emiliano
Bonanno and we're heading to the wedding
it's a nine o'clock in the morning we're
gonna crash the wedding with the goat
and we're just going through the village
it's a beautiful place emiliana Bonanno
the word hey baby don't worry we're not
gonna cook you we're not gonna eat you
you're gonna have a good family it's
okay it's okay
I'm gonna let you go free so we had it
two of you to meet sweating right now
and they told us not to show up
empty-handed so we present to you
Emiliano Bonanno the goat his name is a
gift for you the goat his name is
Emiliano Bonanno congratulations on
getting married
this is your new goal this is the bed
they fucked on
now we're gonna drink some happy water
and I'm covered in good so the tradition
is here to give money I'm about to go
and we still give some a thousand and
what is this what is this a chicken
chicken chicken
nice chicken and happy water happy one
at the other any baby this is so full
we're just sitting on the carpet much
better than staying on 5-star hotels and
yeah I know this is like oh this is what
I wanted to do the whole time this is
pretty sick ain't no good
sexy music Malaysia we wish you many
years of happiness the to wear what is
this water making me happy bye bye guys
bye what a wedding that was after six
shots of happy water I'm feeling great
it's ten o'clock in the morning and
we're drinking happy water woo go go go
what are you trying to do sit on the cow
man poor cow he was just trying to get a
ride right the thing would snap in half
this is Dumb and Dumber this is so epic
we both won Scoob are you getting your
own scooter now yeah he lives on the
fall dude look at you you can't make a
stop without just nothing checked it
real fast relax bro it's three o'clock
in the morning there were you at right
now I love this emailing you for work
she's work he's a hard-working man
anymore you gotta understand it but no
stop with your Instagram like just
kidding but we're gonna finish the video
and then we're gonna go to Hot Springs
yeah we're gonna go to the hot springs
and hopefully the legend has it that
there's a bunch of women that are naked
because naked you swim naked there
riding our bikes and we saw a whole
bunch of soldiers over there
did you get scared those guys look at
those that we just met some Vietnam
soldiers Wow I don't want to leave that
to me
I love this place I love this place
just stop by to get a little gas Wow how
much is it here five dollars a gallon
do we get premium pretty mean guy got a
recharge damn this view was beautiful
this is amazing yeah being a part of
SAMCRO Vietnam right here
traveling through the mountainsides of
Vietnam is epic this is the true Vietnam
there's no tourists here we're like I
feel like we're the only ones here yeah
that's what's the best part about this
is my favorite place we've been to so
far on this tree no tourists nothing
just us the locals the countryside is
pretty sick for sure sorry for
interrupting
no that's been cool I'm gonna hit this
mr. back
I like how you can come here to the gas
station and Wilma get your regular
drinks and then take a hit from a hot
water pipe we just got to the hot spring
hello
we go naked - I know look at my pants
they rip Sorry Sorry Sorry Sorry
so they're washing their clothes they're
taking showers showers is awesome you
want to take a shower
let's jump up - great can we jump from
the bridge kill ourselves
that's not funny but yeah right good
check the water if it's cold enough I'm
going into wet the hot springs taking a
shower washing closes up
it's so good here so nice this is the
culture you guys spoiled with your
showers this has been a real shower the
water is so hot like a hot tub
so we just got done showering how was it
was it good
are they definitely worth I don't think
you were talking shit no no no and they
cool they wanted to give me new clothes
like third world country that washes our
clothes in the river like what's the
give me clothes give you that back I got
that on camera just ate some good dinner
and we're heading back to Hanoi because
tomorrow we'll go to hell in a bit
Hollen Bay is basically we're going on
the ship for about two days and that
hurt is gonna be cold but sunny I
already booked you in either we're gonna
end up with a really good group or end
up with a really quiet group gonna have
fun anyways and then we're off to
Malaysia it's gonna be fun but anyways
oh I'm so kind of happy to be this was a
great great great experience but I'm
kind of happy that we're out of here
because this room is so fucking cold
what do we do here we came here we had a
really good first date mountain biking
we bought a goat we went to a wedding no
it was epic yeah we went to a wedding we
we scooted all across the mountainside
we went to a hot springs like it was a
really cool trip I definitely recommend
this area anyways guys thank you guys so
much for watching don't forget to thumbs
up this log thanks for all the likes of
love love you love you love you my
battery's blinking hopefully my camera
doesn't die on you and no it's not an
excuse but I love you thank you so much
love you love you love you the svidaniya
we went 20 meters now we crashed into
the scooter
