well good morning guys what's up what's
up villains cockroaches Papa Roach's
we're here with our tour guide what's up
guys how are you
so we're gonna go see some temples today
and we're gonna go to an orphanage
hopefully to help out well we're
definitely go know we're definitely
going we're definitely going through an
orphanage you gotta take well we're
gonna see some cool temples Tom what is
it Tom brainer and Angkor Wat well the
one that was there a thousand years
before tomb raider yeah oh yeah we're
gonna see some awesome awesome temples
today and we'll see what happens so we
got to the temple see this how many
years oldest temple it's the important
nearly thousand year from earlier 12th
century
12th century old temple in the beginning
bigger Hindu temple on earth biggest
Hindu temple on earth do you believe the
world existed until century it's pretty
crazy like how things were back in and
look at this moat it's 1500 meters a the
1500 meter long and 1300 meter while go
around the temple and the construction
of tempura took more than 30 years 30
years more than thirty year more than
death
more than 30 built from the stone
assonate came from the quarry it has 50
kilometer away from here I smell
spirituality
I'm a whore
muttering there
look at these curves Wow
it's funny the thing some people use
this one
that's all original original oh it's so
hot over here but this is one of the
sickest to use because there's a
reflection and everybody's taking these
pictures the sky it looks amazing I know
this camera probably is not that good
but this is an amazing so apparently a 1
million people live here and that's
crazy 12 centuries 1 million people
that's nuts but right now I'm gonna get
a hat because it's hot I'm definitely
gonna get a heat stroke what's up guys
were you from I just bought a hat and I
bought two magnets in these people what
all right what do you want me to buy see
she wants me to buy food I just ate I
just say they just won't leave you alone
here but anyways we got some fans from
New Zealand what's up guys you having a
good time
here you go I don't want rabies but they
take out of your hand if you put like
this or no
here are my plans
these monkeys are angry monkey monkey
monkey monkey swim with you carving on
the say that the diamond fall in love
with a beautiful Syrah and smooth demons
dog who was the humans over there over
there
our power sources
that's how you take selfies I was even
taking this whole time
sorry guys let me teach you right you
think it's gonna be a sick selfie yeah I
think it's very good
it's so hot we're literally it's all
ugly literally drench me this way and
this is the stairs we went up and now we
have to okay sorry sorry this is the
stairs who went out now we have to go
down they're going down backwards okay
we'll just with us where there's a
literally dripping
these people are walking backwards
because that's how dangerous it is as
deep it is so we got to another temple
which is the Tomb Raider dome Raider to
bathroom bro yeah I saw like halfway
remember in the movie theater in Russia
the first one yeah really hot in it I
think we all know that
you guys hear the sounds that's a bar
you said it really about
yes Ikeda what's that Vito libido Wow
but they don't buy they go by no look
they have a piece of we're holding that
looks like he's gonna fall in your head
where's the main one that we saw in the
pictures we're going into it right now
okay so I guess this is where they shot
the movie huh number once bar just wait
two minutes piers well we were one of
them so we can play well let's go to
another spot from the powers Wow look at
these all these rocks are falling apart
we the tree destroy therefore the tree
yeah because if you look at that you'll
be grown love and make the would be
convicted the tree check out this tree
but if you like in Florida the same tree
during the Florida
yeah it's pretty sick yeah but with me
you weren't lying about the service
anyway the girls Dimitri you ready to go
feed or finish get with it
uh yeah let's go let's go feed the whole
family shit I didn't know that this
couple has really driven really nice but
nice nice bucks for sure
I like it that was awkward because the
kids you what we see if you go yeah so
right now we stopped by the market to
buy the orphanage some clothes books
some toys whatever whatever do it so we
just got our coloring crayons and we got
a Despicable Me 2 books folks so they
can color it in and now we're gonna look
for more see what else we can get here
moving on to the next one
we just got these backpacks one two
three four five six and there's a seven
we get seven or eight six oh six pack
book feedback back through four guys
beautiful girls if you look with
whatever how they want to do it but I'm
sure they can have fun with them I said
now we got the toys how we're going to
fit all these in the car alright let's
put everything it's okay yeah woof it
will sit
was selling to you cheaper than cameras
for the kids all right and now we're
gonna get some shoes
so now it's time for the kids
best meal candy chocolate and look I'm
still addicted well everybody knows that
all right guys Dima and I are going
through an orphanage and we just bought
a whole bunch of stuff for the kids
we bought candy shoes Kranz color books
pillows we're definitely in the safest
car ever if anything happens when a body
is awesome so imma go we got five
minutes left before they close so
hopefully we'll make it on time those
they want to play
so right now we're getting a tour around
the orphanage these kids are awesome
like she likes it put it higher
put it highs yesterday this is the new
building it's gonna get school right I
was gonna be public school Wow how long
have they been building the school for
one year anyway that brings me back to
my memories I used to be in the library
little kid oh yeah I love the library
good you have to read it what's how what
is what is this school need the most uh
I kept showing if someone was watching
this what would this
communication
yeah we were trying to look for the
school supply but we're running out of
time
what kind of school supplies okay so if
you guys are watching this new hungee
already know yes a PowerPoint Excel the
computer class goes hello they want to
apply in the company yeah everybody's
intern you come to that speak English
because the importance of communication
hop on guys Wow we use IMAX they still
be still windows 98 that's it stop by
here music so a class I used to love to
see when I was a little kid
I'm a terrible sore now that's why I
know when you come here to the hotels
they have suing KITT in every hotel yeah
that's right sake shut up shut up legs
so you need come over there
well this is all from hands handmade Wow
it's beautiful that's cool thank you so
much
safety got it yeah a lot of people are
gonna see this donate money or they want
to come here and visit new home Cambodia
dot-com okay if you guys want to donate
pavers that sells everything calm okay
thank you guys if you guys care about to
donate please thank you so much you know
the best thing about the school is these
kids have a bar oh yeah because they
learn how to big circle in America that
would never I love it see this is why
America has familiar rules I like
Cambodia I like it
so we just got to the room and this is
what you get for $60 in Cambodia look at
that 60 bucks this is what you get in
Cambodia for 60 bucks in America you
stay at the motel 6 so and the view is
amazing
60 bucks there's the pool right there
it's pretty slick hey so that comes up
to 30 bucks each
all right villains thank you so much for
watching this vlog please give it a
thumbs up I miss you guys love you can't
wait to go home to film some new pranks
and I think I'm my film and pranks
overseas because my camera's getting
shit anyways love you guys that's that
