so I'm gonna be talking like this I've
disposed of both bodies what is my next
assignment see how we're gonna focus
bring all right one two yeah so did I
get you you're like what is this guy
doing oh really what the hell is that
like what did I become a part of listen
to me very carefully mr. Robertson we
have both of your children and if you
ever want to see them alive again you
will pay me $100,000 wait what are you
doing I'm just trying it what are you
doing it what you thought I'm trying to
let think I'm a scoop of the wife know
what they're gonna bring no don't call
the police
I'm just trying know what he saw I'm
just trying to come on I wish to preside
mr. Webb come on honey no don't call the
police
okay come on what are you doing no I
just I have to finish the phone call Oh
fitness man come on let me finish the
phone call I just have to finish the
phone call no let me just commit please
dispense hey you guys it's a prank
we're play it's a trick oh yeah that was
that was amazed that was still use the
probit oh that was so proud of radhe
okay look at your husband he's a knight
in shining armor coming to protect his
Queen and I will you say it we got you
children okay all cheering water this
fucked around yeah oh that was so dude
your reaction about the guy thank you so
much
listen me very carefully mr. Robertson
via both your children and if you want
to see them alive you will put $100,000
into a briefcase go to the Union Street
bus station and drop it in Locker m1
- nine Locker m 1 to 9 do you understand
these instructions if you call the
police if you will lure the FBI we will
kill you hold on one sec - just wait so
just do that otherwise your children
will die just hold on one second finish
the fall meet blocker gee what no I know
it's a ransom cell phone prank
that's what do you guys think like when
I was doing the whole time I was like
why don't you I was like I was like
business meeting on Hollywood Boulevard
which doesn't seem to but I look pretty
clean-cut right you like I didn't trust
this guy with myself
your body language and and then when I
saw I was like I saw this guy over here
by the tree so I was like he's not
stopping so it was weird yeah I know all
the sudden I was like wait a minute
what's your day man Kevin Kevin my name
is Kevin oh oh what's your name Eugene
Eugene nice to meet you
that's the closest if that's the policy
paper your camera it's a hidden camera
prank ah y'all didn't hear so you hey
that's good news you were saying again
no I didn't call anybody I called my own
phone bro I'm like what though is that
cool if we use it for reaction you're
really good thank you uh some girl yeah
do I take a picture I'm not your
favorite YouTube alone I gotta get you
where you from Italy Russia let's take
it in front of a nice background or
something she you get another one there
go out hit a couple one awesome
how to show me I do like I could see bad
deal ah good ah look at her she's asking
about my mom she's really yeah he
torments his mother many torments is no
longer than listen Batali's ma she's
very proud of Italia trust me yeah so no
yeah I'd be mad at him for a few minutes
after he does what he does that's funny
yeah you got a distance your mom hello
hello mrs. Robertson I have you $100,000
if you want to see the kids you better
give it to me at Highland and Cherokee
Boulevard
you understand me once you give it
what is this listen to me
bring me the hundred thousand dollars
that I told you but and now we'll give
you the kids you understand me but
Russian hitman is very mad thank you
thank you so much excuse me what is this
I kidnapped his kids one year ago and
she needs to give me money for the kids
do not call this phone number back again
okay
Oh
hi miss Peterson yes
I have your cash you need to bring it to
me you understand it - yes I would like
if you want to see your daughter again
with her toes and her fingers you need
to bring me the cash right now - six -
Whitley and Holly would leave me the
money on Southside - motherfucker fuck
you understand it to me if you want to
trace me that's fine because you oughta
be in contrastive flip phones you got it
I wish you told me you're doing that I'd
let you do it anyway I just what a block
from Millman
yes I'm still there because if he's not
kidding
he's gonna try to replace him it's a
thing that happens
you wanna fight it once you do that no
I'm terrible I can't fight anyone you
would fight wave your kidnapping never
gonna have to do you fi the hit men
can't be hidden don't fight part of
money hey man don't fight they only
execute yeah you're right like I
cessation good I shouldn't fight anyone
but if he's keeping them captive I have
to write you're a funny guy please keep
walking before I murder their everybody
on here around me hey yeah one Oh
that
