good morning from the crazy Cambodia
nice and greater sup guys today we're
gonna go shooting rockets hate rockets
look at these what does that be 40 what
does it go is it the be 40 which was odd
being a niqab you to the clothes so
orgami
yeah get some army clothes get some
camouflage pants and go shoot it Oh time
to get that camo gear for the weak
shootings these bad stuff for the heavy
for the other burger uh-huh good yeah
well pant yeah pants come up in so we
only got the pants here because all the
shoes the only had size 10 trying to get
11 here
freakin expense dude then charge
tourists nobody's asking Bodi up - same
same same price anyways I got this
awesome camera pan I was gonna get that
back back with the water for like DC or
ultra by Ottawa I'm gonna look like a
rain I don't wanna be that guy I don't
want to be that guy yes we finally got
here choose whatever you want to shoot
yeah
this is fucking epic check this out what
would you like on the menu
all right so it's time to choose this
four guns just gonna take a stay off it
kind of freaking out we got a crazy okay
we got busy busy good
we'll definitely shooting this one this
one for sure yeah how much is this one
we definitely want to shoot this one
definitely ak-47 so they basically since
this is so true risky we're gonna dig in
take us to the wild I'm going to shoot
the guns here this place is insane
learn insane look at all these guns
we're gonna hold that we're gonna get to
shoot Kalashnikov today a state police a
m16 and I'm gonna end the day this with
a rocket for a bazooka I don't know
which one's better look at that
selection now I go play run that's not
what's up this is awesome in America you
probably would never give a lot a lot in
America you probably would never be
allowed to do this okay maybe in America
can you do all this
you should bazookas in America hello I
don't think so grace maybe somewhere in
Vegas in the desert
machine guns video machines are they
literally load LMC ha ha this is our
taxi this is how we're gonna drive yeah
imagine in America if you get pulled
over with this we're gonna drive like
this wow that's nice very nice
that's sick so before we shoot all these
we got to stuff for lunch and lunch with
the commander mr. commando over here
yeah our driver
mee-mah and I'm sitting here wearing all
camo and there's a good eye across the
way that's totally staring anything so
that's for sure like drink yeah for sure
100% I got so good at I got the camo I'm
sitting here like gonna corrupt meeting
did a little stuff to get some tank tops
over here we're in the middle of nowhere
right now we're literally like 20
minutes away from the shooting range
weird that I feel really powerful I can
on the street of this out day you should
be powerful should we get a hat regular
happening or should get a heart for the
butterfly I'm getting a vendetta oh yeah
check this out guys damn this is
beautiful I'm by the way we're still
driving this is the headquarters here
you should go inside with the GoPro
why don't you think straight why did you
win the window to me I was taking a
picture sorry
that's sick so this is the headquarters
of my army yeah and we asked what kind
of movies this shot here what kind of
movies you said transformers 3 Tomb
Raider 2 major generator I don't like
you Oh doing really nice Holly Tomb
Raider that's Angelina Jolie right yeah
yeah damn that was a good movie she's
just a regular guy on a scooter with a
gun like that
welcome to Cambodia how you made it look
at that nice this is pretty sick right
here he's preparing a rocket so you're
the party you prevented the rocket yeah
look how he's making this rocket Wow
I thought it was random guy on the
scooter this is our rock you got look at
that so this guy right here is putting
together on a rocket for land on one the
rocket launcher and we are here on the
base of the temple yeah okay this guy's
snapchatting right here so the basically
this is the base there's the commander
putting out camp to shoot of coca-cola
and he's building us a rocket alright so
we didn't have any war paint we did
stopping and that's girls we're going
full mode this is the fabulous we're
doing the full experience you know I
don't know if the show works the
Havanese fuck this shit
let's get yourself huh all right what
good is this this is m16 right yeah m16
oh gee I don't know what this weird is
gunk came from Cana 1.6 counter-strike
who remembers that game - hi Obama
little Bobby this gets jammed very easy
bug are you excited yeah I said waiting
right I did
I can't wait
somewhere out there these eight and I
finally found them and this is what I'm
doing to them this is for all my haters
all of them yeah one
that's all for you haters hello is
anybody there
I don't think we got any haters left
this is what life is all about
experiences that you don't get to
experience everywhere registry anywhere
what I sure do
all right fire okay
all right ready to show you in front of
the camera you ready yeah one yeah thank
you come under thank you
nice thank you God you like your rainbow
number ten complete Thank You commander
very nice thank you you guys definitely
need to do this thank you thank you Mike
come on dear friends dude oh man haha
we did it yes no way this for so long we
did it this is epic epic that's all
right now we're in Los Angeles and was
stuck in really really bad trash a bit
of Osman you know live one with the
house of Larry this is their traffic
scooters babies families and scooters
chip dukes water buffalos water buffalos
cows going to the street that's what the
life is about yeah I not be enough
they had a fucking box Roy thank you for
everything yeah yeah thank you great and
see you tomorrow see you tomorrow -
tomorrow and he's throwing coconuts
we're first thank you sorry
see you I can't see you tomorrow poppy -
uh-huh
another guy - oh yeah yeah yeah tomorrow
you don't see us thank you see you Bart
mm-hmm had a good time here guys yeah he
pick us up to ten o'clock see ya Oh yo
yo taking a boop-boop
Dook Dook so we're getting in the
beginning and this took took at the guys
like you want a massage
BAM boom boom boom bah
you want a boom-boom you we pay for you
boo for you so we just got to the main
street finally
here's my food
let's go get you at me all right now
oh she can't go inside oh well I was I
was vlogging scorpions and tarantulas
and she came up to you and said she
doesn't want your money she wants you to
go inside because she design shoes of
course we're gonna help her absolutely
will actually work this could be a
fucking trap too little do you know how
far this you want to go that's the
question you're got all serious well say
you're not going anywhere past this line
where do you want to eat Oh
powder yeah for sure where's it that way
where mark
all right well if you don't see this
this log cuts off after this I'm dead
what is this look do you want anything
else maybe some food come on whatever
you want what do you want please yeah
yeah what else look at more what else
come on the whole store oh my god okay
just Sonny juvie
oh god too weak oh well they were
actually $25 each of you thought it
would be like five bucks but still
doesn't matter whose mother gained 25 of
each now I understand why she can't
afford it did know she was
it's $100 every day and they're short
since it oh I like it I like the
hospital around like the sling around
here so we just bought milk for her
literally two seconds we'll walk out of
the store a five-year-old kid comes up
to me and says buy me milk buy me milk
buy me milk I think they sell the milk
here and I said no I'm not going to help
you out or just about $75 worth of stuff
there we bought $75 versus up stuff to
her and he goes or go fuck yourself and
runs the
I think the milk thing the whole hustle
is a hustla she didn't eat that yeah
she had a cot in her arrest she's making
all these things to make
we're not helping out here anymore
except the orphanage
only the orphanage guys guys we got back
to the room I said goodbye I'm sleepy
but NEMA reread slowly what we just read
NEMA types of Google says I just went on
Google and I typed Cambodian milk scam
just to see if this was really a thing
top article and this is what it says if
you've been to Siem Reap sub Street
undoubtedly you've been approached by a
bedraggled young mother or child holding
an empty baby bottle and toting a sleepy
looking infant the baby is hungry they
plead I'm not asking for money just
formula for my baby exactly or for where
they did it oh my god this is I got
goose bumps you know it says every night
well-intentioned tourists fall for the
scam thinking that the $30 canister a
formula they're buying is going to go
feed that drowsy baby allowing both she
and her caretaker to head home
unfortunately that's not really what's
going on all the formula that's
purchased is probably returned and the
proceeds are being split with the store
so I told you I told you so only the
craziest part of it is this is this it
says the truth is much darker local
x-pac's speculate that the baby beggars
are run by the Mafia if you get a cup of
coffee on pop street in the early
evening before sunset you'll see seven
or eight women descend on the street at
the exact same time each of them
carrying a bleary-eyed baby
slung to her head many of them blowing
cigarette smoke in their faces women
don't always carry the same baby
indicating that the babies are merely
rented or borrowed for the night many of
the babies are carried by older children
and the babies are unconnected sickly
docile that is messed up this like for
us like you guys were there you guys saw
what happened and for us like well like
oh my god this opportunity like like
help someone that's a need and the whole
time like ended up being a huge scam we
we bought three canisters of milk like
idiots usually it's baby powder we
bought like uh like uh seeds and like I
don't know it kind of makes me a little
bit angry because it gives this place a
really bad reputation and it's a nice
place it's a beautiful place it's a
beautiful country would it be nice here
no you're right welcome to Cambodia guys
anyways don't forget to thumbs up this
vlog and uh yeah mine fucked messy Danya
love you are you holding a real snake
don't scare me
ah I'm scared
