what's up villains it's currently 6:45
in the morning that's right I forgot
last time I got up so early right now
I'm headed to DMV to get my new license
because I forgot mine not forgot I lost
my wallet and Abu Dhabi and right now
I'm gonna go to body energy club to get
my acai bowl I say evil uh yeah I've
been getting a lot of weight cuz I've
been eating because I finally have been
on the liquid diet for 3-4 weeks I lost
I lost a lot of weight and I started
gaining a lot of weight but the
transformation is gonna suit I know ah
fuck all right it's that time all right
let's do over-65 Spring Break Miami I
got this huge video for the main channel
this is my fifth year planning it and I
wouldn't say failing it I haven't tried
my hardest I tried it last year and the
thing broke that I'm trying to use so
I'm paying a lot of money to rebuild it
is gonna be a big video and I wait let
me take this flu shot
are you ready y'all motherfucking things
I'm standing in line at the DMV
hell no I feel like I'm going to Black
Friday shopping I mean it's only twenty
minutes waiting in line
but it right this is good that was one
of the smoothest DMV trips ever well for
me not for a lot of people every time
you go to that place so much negativity
people complaining yelling and just like
there's so many problems out there in
the world that I'm like huh I didn't
care how long I have to wait but anyways
I waited 20 minutes not bad if I came
later in the day what are we easily
three to four hours so now I'm just
gonna go right now and keep on working
keep on doing emails and plan and
schedule my next video for this month I
almost caught up with all my errands
actually like 95% I went to Western
Union I didn't wanna vlog that I went to
the bank you know stuff like this I'm
signing a new lease I'm moving from my
two-bedroom apartment that second
bedroom is nothing I don't need it it's
only from my dirty clothes and I don't
huh so I just had a meeting with my
manager and I got least three movies big
movies big movies I wish I could tell
you the names but that's at least three
movies and I'm not bragging I'm just
letting you guys know that if I don't
upload a lot on the main channel it's
not because I don't want to or lazy but
yeah my new year resolution 4017 yes
fuck less useless sluts and upload more
for the villains that's my motto for
2017 and I'm gonna go on tour 2017 let
me know which contract should go I need
to go to Europe visit England Sweden
Croatia again I need to go to Asia again
a guy Middle East let me know where my
Indian visa is about to get approved Oh
oh my god I'm so excited for that I'm
excited I'm go to in a couple days that
I'm taking you guys with me and I go
before crash out here getting is you
feel so good to be back
first time look at this first time I do
50 minute cardio one-on-one hour
I mean obviously intense cardio I'm
gonna start running as I told you guys
this year
not in shape not in all the six black
you're not in them so now it's not up to
me to have a six five well I'm going to
be so dedicated to my acting roles that
you will see I know I said it before the
jaw padam messed it up it was liquid
diet then when then I when I found out I
could include I turned into a fake and
but I'm proud of all you guys
submissions he's still going through
them one of my friends had a jaw broken
and he said that
doctors always say that to get more
money or something I'm sure with my
doctor because he's like
Veidt was off he had a list you went
away I feel a couple months so I'm not
wearing my my jaw now the life is good
still going to India got a big year
coming up and I hope you guys are gonna
have an awesome
here whatever you wish this is on
whatever you want your wishes to come
true I hope they come true just believe
in them and you will get them well fuck
you guys more about them that's for
another day
hi guys by the way I forgot to introduce
you to my girlfriend she's a little good
little girl from here that's why what's
up
so tell me a little bit more about
yourself I know you well can you avoid
me I mean if we're dating
let's go so we can carry me around
anywhere we go I'm three foot seven
you're not recording huh oh I was
recording - hold on
oh is it recording okay I three seven my
name is Allie I'm former actress I'm
amazing look at me hello all like three
foot seven tsunami I'm amazing become a
girlfriend you remember my extra for the
select this Debbie my favorite acid you
know I got rid of her and now it's all
about me all about love how about one
for romantic walks but she's the best I
have to look up to him Hey look at me
guys favorite up there way you know what
you know I do I like to tell I like big
jars you're the first smoke jar of
Nutella I love many sides right here
want to take me up on any fucking given
moment
forgive me I'm fun side look at the
camera down you like it oh look at the
cat oh look at the camera doing that
Debbie are you bad Debbie
everybody misses you everybody misses
you wait that's all you can say but I've
seen your girlfriend yeah my beer this
is my bar you my future ex yeah this is
lecture I want to keep she says a key
yeah yeah you're a keeper
awesome
oh I'm so sad right now because my
little girlfriend left me Tony she was
so cute she was so adorable but she left
me
she's like sorry not on the first date
but I got some good news
my visa got approved and your boy is
heading to India
that's right babies I'm heading to India
where our Tony you're gonna miss me I'm
not gonna stay for three weeks I'm going
to India for like about ten days I'm
gonna go to Mumbai I'm gonna hit Goa and
then and then and then I might I'm
trying to go back to Dubai but Dubai has
a big X on my passport so I don't think
I'm gonna make it I'm so excited about
India I have so many Indian fans it's
crazy
you guys all message me on Facebook
Instagram Twitter Vitaly I can't wait to
meet you I was I'm doing a
meet-and-greet I'm thinking I'm gonna if
you're watching this right now I'm
already flying so I'm probably going to
tweet my terminal that's not gonna be my
official meeting green but I just want
to see you know get some fan love at the
airport why not so anyways thank you
guys so much for watching this vlog
please give this a big thumbs up if you
made it to an end and yeah next vlog is
going to be Indian vlogs well I'm gonna
document my twenty seven hour flight so
see you guys in India listener
