enough of the date so quiet and peaceful
hey guys hey guys after maybe 14 hours
of travelling through a ferry that you
sleep on airplane two airplanes
I'm at three all right bus we finally
made it to Cambodia yes and we made it
and it's freaking awesome like this if
there's a hotel is awesome the hotel was
staying in companion you had to climb
things break your feet here is finally
walking there's a see there's IMAX I
feel like we're in a matter yeah but I
actually like this a lot better than
good it's so cheap here too
it's cheap he's a millionaire he changes
money and they give him a million reals
Wow
it's awesome anyways this is gonna be a
fun adventure we're gonna shoot blow
shit up teeth crocodiles we're just
gonna do a lot of crazy we're gonna get
as wild as we possibly can here but take
a look at the hotel fifty dollars a
night
alright guys we just got to the car with
our driver David right
David and now we're headed to what are
we headed alright it's little tingling
floating village we're gonna feed
alligators see the sunset and the
floating village is literally floating
and these people are crazy here they
just walk across the street that we just
drive across the scooters this is
awesome this is this unbelievable and
that pollution doh
Cobra Luca Wallace my cocoa brain it
hope reason until heaven oh crap to
Cobra I didn't see a little scorpion or
peanuts sick is that real yeah you're
gonna get one you want it so bad come on
how drunk do you get them you get really
drunk if you drink this you get super
drunk yeah it's okay it's safe for now
yeah what do you do the whole bottle
good I can get me some so it's crazy how
about one I buy one too yeah on the way
back now they're putting it away
oh can i buy one get this one you're
really getting this yeah yeah all right
let's get it we're very individual yeah
we're adventures are gonna experience
the culture the culture I mean it is
better the culture get it how much how
much in real what it does reveal they
take everything in dollars here and Rios
it's awesome
we're shit about a lot of American
dollars here for them so I just asked
these guys for a hat and they gave me
the hats and didn't want to take our
money don't you crazy we're friends we
friends
yeah I really wanted our money that is
more indirect about it no let's say that
the way they did it they no money oh
that was really nice of them now now
we're but now we got the venom we got
the hats we got the boat we we were like
we're fading into the culture really
zero to 100 real quick right now we're
the bomb
are you ready I can smell it from
literally
and a scorpion here by the way did they
mix it with alcohol or this is the hot
video they use a rice wine and they put
Cobra and scorpion in it and they're
both poisonous well I'll tell you right
now you needed prepares this already
we're going to ship in it this is going
to be strong look what we are in now
it's pretty crazy here does the girl
we're about to do that's also pretty
crazy
but to take a shot of some Cobra banners
for who cheers for Cobra and some
scorpion juice cheers for cheers for
Cambodia because we're going to help
them out
we're going to do a lot of good things
we do a lot of good things so I don't
shoes for Cambodia no just not this so
then what's right
what do you think oh okay it's like
sneak really
really oh god it's good now Larry try
how you feel
is that a real snake if we break the
bottle yeah it's a real snake
your turn is serious
whoa
ah such a pussy these locals about what
is this fucking Americans Russians come
here is their breakfast here we are oh
it is struggling regulate piracy
important sign
look at these guys they're so nice to
let me drive the boat thank you thank
you
more than 2 million people live here
this is the village on the water Wow
can you go like this
Wow whoa people literally live here
that's a neighborhood this is their
neighborhood yeah once you be in my
neighborhood I just want to give you
guys a little message I don't know how
these people field obviously the snare
or but don't complain where you live
appreciate what you have in life because
look this is their life they live in the
water they see this every day this is
their city this is what they do every
single day literally have to drive out
for like 25 30 minutes to get here so I
can pretty much say we're in the middle
of nowhere
Wow would you live here for a month just
to experience it yeah but do you think
people should appreciate where they have
a one-bedroom apartment like having so
much stuff we have do you think they
know what iPhone 6 is no they don't they
don't need that stuff and I'm so happy
now they live this life what they know
but we get used to having so many
material things in our world that but I
think they all I've cleaned it all look
at these this is the houses they love it
are you holding a real snake don't scare
me
ah that's good
where is that which what's the name -
snake
it's my Python you bite no
the Python yeah
so we have a friend from our China you
from China yeah come on oh come on don't
be shy
what's your name my name is a garden
garden yeah Carnac what do you have how
many no problems what do you say I have
done I got 99 problems but Nima wants to
go in the cage no way neem I'm not
letting you do that they're gonna bite
your leg right off are you kidding me
look at these alligators crocodiles I'm
sorry oh shit
nah bro if there's no weight he would
literally eat bro it will take him two
seconds to snap your leg off you won't
even notice it I do not do it you
fucking drink the poison I that I can I
think I can do it another one to the
third one there's you can you can't
there's a bunch of them in here damn
there's like ten in here yeah you can't
not letting you do that what alright
guys I'm about to eat an alligator and a
snake
holy shit let's go alligator this we're
good
that's really hot Dex you cook the pearl
it's good shit like chicken love is that
a Cobra what kind of snake it is forest
what kind of what kind of snake we're
gonna say Cobra Cobra or Python look at
it's like Cobra very good mm-hmm
collection room
you wanna come on time I look easy
Jenny's Casa de tide of fish like that
all right
bye bye fish sorry
all right
you ready NEMA I'm ready to be hallway
wouldn't you know what are you doing I'm
about to feed these crocodiles right now
do it
go
oh you're crazy
don't piss them off dude because my
phone's going to fall in okay me too
struck alright Rebecca okay see you
David thank you so much for everything
see you
wait we had a blast today it was a short
day but it was fun what do you think oh
yeah that was amazing it was a cool
experience yeah I don't ever sing their
lives we're just seeing our lives they
by star resort yeah you can fifty bucks
but for fifty bucks for them is a lot
because if you want to take a picture
with them to charge you a dollar
don't forget the venom don't forget that
vente joy all right guys we're so tired
last night uh thank you guys so much for
watching these vlogs please don't forget
to thumbs up and I'll see you guys
tomorrow I love you thank you thank you
thank you for all the support and don't
forget to thumbs up lissa Danya
