all right guys it's day three and I
didn't know where we are when you peepee
this crabby crabby and we're taking a
bus full of people to where we're going
kalpen young for New Year's party so I'm
breaking this vlog in three days but
this experience been very very crazy
dude we have finally made it to the
ferry it's gonna long Planes Trains
automobiles boats at my camera spots
that but we're in the fair and out -
coughing young and this is the fast
variant see the faster
Express yes today's been like five hours
now I'm traveling at traveling so we're
gonna celebrate New Years and I'm gonna
try to vlog if I don't black out yeah
make sure you dollar you want a lot I'll
make sure you look all right guys when
you get to companion this is the first
sign you see marijuana and magic
mushrooms are illegal
you mean it's very legal here also check
out these taxes here
we're like they're beautiful yeah it's
like we're in Vegas right now for real
we're in the island and it's like luxury
bus or taxi it's pretty cannot wait I
think things just got a little better
Las Vegas let's go good morning villains
time to start today in company on happy
happy happy new year what are you doing
dude oh yeah the selfie so what are we
doing today I don't know what are we
doing today but look at this view I get
to wake up to this every day for the
next five days we're just going for
adventures and honestly this place is
wracking because you get to the beach
you have to walk down the mountains down
the cliff through a bridge that it's
probably gonna fall any day and if the
bridge falls you fall in the water with
the rocks are and you're probably dead
no I'm not taking you later later later
later right now we're gonna drop the
laundry often we're gonna go for an
adventure my feet are completely not
infected anymore but the new year was
crazy I can barely move my neck supply
me shit like a monkey
I don't know but anyways clothes started
a beach this way every single day
especially trunk coming back you have to
do stairs and it's not only yet then you
have to go this way and then complain
more stairs
it's ridiculous that looks like somebody
had a fun Drive 200 200 baht I give you
I gave you this one so we just paid this
taxi driver to take this all day around
and we're trying to figure out where to
go we don't know where to go all right
so if we go to here then this is for
snorkeling right mm-hmm so we do
snorkeling here why don't we go though
weekend it's not cool today we did it
tomorrow why don't we don't want to go
here we want to go where the snakes are
we want to go with those elephants
monkeys okay so all right finally it's
so hard to communicate these guys than
to speak English but we finally did it
yeah
hundred hundred bucks for old a taxi
that's not a bad you know yeah what
could have bargain him for Lesley above
so we're gonna go eat while we wait so
we're gonna go eat all the wait another
scurvy I want to go jump in the water
dude really cuz I'll totally do it don't
do it but this is basically this is the
bridge and here's the doggy but
basically this is the bridge that I was
talking about that we got and it's
pretty pretty pretty crazy our bridge is
like a bridge has like many more cracks
yoyoyo so I just got red curry with rice
and we got these spring rolls and you
got an octopus you're disgusting I hate
ox it was backed up I see
but these rolls are the best this longer
these spring rolls are a completely
amazing everything's amazing in Thailand
I eat so much but I lose weight it
doesn't make sense
all right let the cover show begin yeah
we're here by ourselves shake shake it
shake it face if you want to take a
picture with the Cobra and those cobras
are poisonous
I think it's not worth it with a tiger
it's worth it for the Cobra no sturdy
minutes death but the tiger I can
survive from there they can spit over
there are you serious yeah oh shit
so this is a professional cobra trainer
he's gonna trust the show for 40 minutes
and there was no people here stars just
us all right Oh brah whip it look at the
boys in real hard scorpion dangerous yes
poison
you're so serious right now I have never
seen on your vein without balls
okay
this was not sleeping yo I'm out of here
for saying that in there Johnny about
you I thought I was crazy NEMA you're
fucking crazy Cobra
and
King Cobra Wow
- fucking cobra huge you better eat your
legs dude I can go in the cobra but I
hit the King go right here never go
I want to go home
yeah NEMA right there buddy I'm so
comfortable I'm sitting in the floor
never back
yeah if it's not it feels like you're
gonna fall but you're really not
look at that paradise like elephant
riding with the same guy who did the
Cobra show basically we're just on our
life away why why
well that was fun except I died yeah my
nuts are killing I'm getting some fresh
barbecue and when I say it's fresh
thank you for the cats because kids jump
on the hook to look at it as a kid they
just jump on a tuk-tuk we're going back
to our hotels just jump over getting
robbed are they robbing us bro it's the
king of kids we're done
boom-boom-boom-boom
ciao bye Happy New Year bye-bye
what's up villains cockroaches papa
roach's papa riches time to start the
day with Nutella milkshakes and we might
have think we might as well from the
main channel video today if there's a
lot of girls out it's ok it's ok but
Nutella milkshakes is the number one
priority in the morning so since there
was a lot of people at the beach we
decided to go check out this big
waterfall that's supposed to be
fantastic and to get here you have to
walk hundred meters which is not that
bad and it's literally in the middle of
nowhere it's supposed to be the best
waterfall here so let's see about that
one guys this waterfall is just amazing
oh my god well we had high expectations
right now I know you were you want to
age shit
we'll go rafting
let's go dude Sonia why don't you
explain these beautiful viewers what
we're doing right now we are at the Wat
Pho
temple in somewhere on the highlands and
we're a Buddhist temple right now about
to take an herbal steam sauna mixed with
a bunch of plants and it's gonna go into
our pores so that fatality is no longer
sick that's sick why she seems like I'm
getting getting there but we want to
party tonight and I'm not gonna let but
what about the Hmong
yeah the monks the monks are here monks
are here the monks are here at the
temple and you tell me I think you
disrespectful well well that was
refreshing now we decided to stop at the
temple it's pretty peaceful over here
and we got some chickens running around
oh that's the thing where you wander
alright guys although these vlogs are
pretty pretty pretty crazy
they're like unorganized because these
days are just way too crazy anyways me
and NEMA are off to Cambodia tomorrow
and now we're just getting our last rest
before we get enough like a seven hour
boat ride yeah we're going on a fucking
crazy mission night mission anyways uh
don't forget to thumbs up this log I
love you guys thank you so much for
watching
ah
