good morning good morning villains Brian
and I again are an adventure we've been
driving for three hours and we're going
to pet some Tigers and write some
elephants we've been literally he told
me it's an hour and a half away we've
been literally in the car for three
hours but we're an adventure we're
exploring whoo we're three hours from
Bangkok so yeah I'm really excited
hopefully I don't get by one of those
Tigers all right all right all right
we're finally here look at that Wow
let's go let's go inside the mouth
wow this is so cool check out these baby
buffaloes Oh Oh No
check this out I still skate skate
sometimes to check out this rail board
slide that back 5050 so I just took some
dope pictures with the Tigers and half
of the comments are saying oh these
Tigers are drugged they're not drugged
Tigers sleep 18 hours a day and asked
many people that work there of their
drugs they're not drugged and they
probably would tell me because what
would they care you know what I mean so
but they're not drugged they trained
Tigers anyways I had a blast you guys
should totally do that bucket list
scratched and these are pigs and these
pigs are crazier let's see if they
really are back hey guys I just got to
my playground then let's play so we're
about to feed the little Tigers and the
baby tigers and give them some milk
cuddle with them play with them right is
that right all right you're the guy from
who makes yokes
from YouTube oh right oh I've seen your
videos man awesome
so be with the little kids I have the
little cups there are about three weeks
in two months you get to play with them
you get to touch them you get to bottle
feed them you can carry it carry them
but when you carry them make sure you
you're sitting down
they might try to get away from you and
leave my phone now and also because um
we're trying to train them right now and
right now they're really cute when they
bite you but it's not when they're
Biggers so make sure that when they bite
you just stop it on the nose and say the
word my yeah firmly yeah but what does
that mean specimen no one type okay cool
everybody get it yes sir you know
flashing your cameras yes
all right just hold me you see but that
is okay they like petting or they don't
like putting yeah I thought they're
gonna jump on me while I lay down he's
excited Mike did you get
hallo regression tipple drew she's three
months no no my you don't bite me no my
just got to another place and it's
elephant riding okay another stair sets
skating so we're about to I'm about to
write some elephants in the water
they're going to water apparently
supposed to be really sick riding an
elephant in Thailand
this is the elephants are smart buddy no
elephants are just smart everything he
says elephants doing this is so alright
I want to give you a hard all right my
man what do what do my standards
you're so nice you're so nice go kiss
for the elephant yep no no no money Oh
give him the money
oh yeah you want the money for the
severe Thank You Alison thank you
what's the name of the elephant I name
something something oh it's a she-goat
oh boy or girl girl Wow thank you I had
an amazing time thank you for everything
Brian yes oh look we bought these pants
for $1 at a mark you're right $1.00 in
American yeah $1.00 for about this at
the market on the way cuz I didn't know
I'm gonna be riding elephants today so
that's the quality you get a for a
dollar yeah so now we go back we're
gonna eat in a three-hour drive let's go
alright villains thank you so much for
watching this vlog thank you for all the
thumbs up and yes please don't forget to
thumbs up if you haven't comment let me
know what your favorite part of the vlog
is and I really really miss you and I
love you and I'm gonna be uploading
every day on my vlog for the rest of the
trip and maybe I I need a really start
doing vlogs everyday like really really
should do what do you guys think
I don't know but anyways I love you guys
don't forget to thumbs up hey guys I'm
with my sister's is my sister this is my
second sister we're just shopping at the
mall hanging around
how are you sisters
you're my sister
