good morning good morning villains time
to start the day and in paradise check
this video out from my pool this is the
pool check this out
21st floor pretty sick out here I'll
tell you that much
here let me show you the other side
this looks delicious look at this look
how fancy they are you Wow look at that
oh my god mmm so my good friend Aaron
from America told me about this taxi
driver what's up this is Brian and he's
gonna take me around today he told me to
call him so he just picked me up from
the hotel and now we're gonna go see
Bangkok I don't know so we're gonna go
first
what's closed right now that I can go
see and then we're just gonna go hop
around
yeah well ideally come in about there at
the boat rate the boat trip how old is
about you
he's depend you shoot one hour or two
hours yes and it goes along the Bangkok
it goes around Bangkok no only the the
deliver and the liter and come back same
the prince
okay the river yes the river is big
liver is the name of this liver John
Oliver okay a local name go check it out
the best collection through the college
nice so Brian told me that here Bangkok
if you bring a girl back they drugged
you and take your money password and
everything which happens all over the
world but they drugged you guess how
they drugged you when you have sex they
put something in your TV right so is
that country it's like a cream yes
correct
Wow like a cream oh she make from the
medicine it's a medicine yeah it's so
crazy I think something for a drink I
gotta watch out for my drink she puts it
at it well I can't bring any girls to my
room here then wow this is so crazy man
ah hopefully it doesn't happen to me
probably want but yesterday I got I got
this Russian girls
so I got to the Bangkok moon bar and
this is the view I don't know if he's
seen it now I'm looking at the camera
right now you don't see what I see which
sucks but I'm chilling here right now
and this is the most beautiful beautiful
thing I have ever experienced in my life
I'm across the world I'm across the
world the happiest I've ever been
happiest I've ever been
really across the world no stress no
phone no internet
get away from everybody just the most
amazing thing except you guys I never
get away from you so that's what it is
but ok guys what is that ok guys I'm
here with Miss Russia oh my god so I've
been going out we're just chilling Optio
how do we go home just show 49:59 so hey
what do you think if I a what do you
think if I jump oh yeah
actually the feeling of oddly I'll
survive see I have that feeling if I
jump out of this building right the God
the God will bring the of it
tell me you're not ready tada you're
gonna go back in okay we're gonna go see
you so I just got to the boat place
you're gonna show me so we're here take
the board yes sir
okay inside this canal de rigueur 2010
same waves and after they go back you
take it back okay yes I do see the fifth
lobster fish I bought me know what
markets that okay are you have to see
the fish yeah feed the fish
you touch the fish - yeah wow this is
awesome so this is the boat I'm gonna be
going on it and I got some bread so I
can fit fish it was gonna be an insane
experience
this is so beautiful out here I wish you
guys experience what I'm experiencing
but it's hot so hot I'm on the boat I'm
on the boat yeah I don't know the lyrics
whoo let's do this
so they really tried to hustle you here
a but maybe it's a reasonable price but
I don't think so
I paid uh a hundred and forty boss for
pineapple and a beer I don't know how
much done in American dollars but I
don't know they got one or two hundred
but there's a rule here in Bangkok you
always have to do half a price if it's
only 200 you got to go for a hundred but
it's pretty cool that the guy was on the
boat and he handed me the pineapple
where's the pineapple fresh pineapple
and I bought my driver at beer so now
words gonna chill
hopefully feed some fish well I guess
there wasn't fish to feed but I gave it
the bread back and it was incredible
breathtaking once again so now we're
gonna head to I don't know somewhere but
it was absolutely fantastic I enjoyed so
damn hot Oh
all right guys let's go somewhere else
so Brian took me to the temple and I
paid 40 bucks but spots but nuts but and
I asked him do you want a ticket too and
she says I'm Thai it's free for me so
it's free for Thai people
why's that it's like part of our culture
religion is wow this is crazy so this is
a temple huh it's beautiful
Oh Ryder Ryder
in snow videos just inside no video I
can't go inside but we're gonna go see
we go pray pray is inside you pray
oh yeah the people sitting on spring
yeah praying
wonder what would happen if one day
people go to sleep I come back here and
I put a picture of me if they're cropped
my face or actually just dress up as a
king and literally put a poster over his
I'm not trying to sound disrespectful
but I think it'll be a hilarious prank
what do you guys think should I do it
wow I wanted what consequences for this
probably chop off your hands or
something so the buddha is 5.5 tonnes
and the price value is twenty-eight
point five million pounds and it's
seventy seven hundred years
oh wow that's crazy how much you guys
know like I don't know how many pounds
is twenty-eight point five million
dollar I'm not sure but it's a lot it's
more it's big land you rich forever yeah
you can buy everything with twenty point
five million pounds Wow check this out
this is delicious I don't know how to go
in English say the name what's the name
she can
by the name the name of the tiny
kangbashi can tank pot chicken yeah
that's cool
one of the very most fighting spicy yeah
right hey guys I'm with my sisters is my
sister's is my second sister we're just
shopping at the mall hanging around
how are you sisters you my sister when
since 1965 yo yo yo time to see the sea
life let's go see my baby let's go see
sharks the fishes
Oh
I'm ever gonna get back down yeah yeah
hey guys I'm at the rooftop bar and
there's a guy that looks like Jude so
I'm just gonna go say hi to to him and
see if he really looks like him
excuse me sorry you look like my friend
yeah what's his name and you guys
finally get to meet his kids all right
look at these beautiful kids what's up
guys look at that you got beautiful
children how old are they look at that
and Brian's here and we're just on the
roof which is gonna talk chill and get a
style check it out so the kids got some
watermelon drinks huh look at that
Cheers Jude and I are waiting for our
drinks drinks sigmoids and you got a
beer I got a double tequila multipe doll
because I'm going for an adventure to
that family I don't it's time for blog
is another I don't know if you guys knew
that but Jude the whole problem vlogs
now and he has cool videos on his
youtube channel see should tell him you
to youtube channel so my youtube channel
is youtube.com forward slash Hollywood
hole bro hello bro eight show BR oh
because I got hobos all over the world
yeah bro you're the king of their whole
homeless people I'm the king of the
homeless people yes and his Instagram
guys you me aroma took you to it now
three pictures of him and you got like
15,000 followers here how about this
let's blow his Instagram out what's your
Instagram app Jude walk off at us walk
Oh Judy
SW l KO check it out and blow it up and
say jude is the man because he is you
don't mean a whole girl like that
anywhere no and tell them but teller
said yeah
Vitelli a job yeah yeah he blocks the
most amost interesting homeless on the
earth the most interesting homeless man
on earth
yeah well Cheers the bro it's nice to
see you I'm in Thailand we talked about
do we feel cause yeah yeah we were
talking about it how I'm gonna be here
and I'm here miracles happen the world
weary I wish this see what we can see hi
cheers guys hi guys time to end the vlog
don't forget to give this blog thumbs up
and go check out Jude his Instagram and
I love you best be Tanya
Jason Chevy if you've never had the
brother bitch 17 he given away to slip
