good morning villains another day in
Bali another day in Bali with the fishes
so we got here to the buffet to our
resort that next to ours and we're about
to eat some affair you ready bro are you
ready all right we got some pancakes and
now it's time for some omelet look at
this guy
magic we're gonna do magic for us want
to sit on it coochi but can I get an
omelet please
tomatoes honey and smush room oh cheese
thank you can't have a breakfast without
a fresh fruit look at that look how
beautiful everything looks
what is that what is that what's the
kind of shower oh you just pick it up
okay I meant did this look her delicious
this looks oh my god sir Kirk might not
believe me but am I stay here for maybe
a month or maybe a week another week I
don't know the reason I like it here
it's just a piece I think I found my
peace finally there's no daily routines
in California wake up Jack and Jill's
new gym and go back home or go through
my video of course I'm gonna film videos
but it's like here's no service for the
phone and I love it because now look we
don't have phones because when I went to
Brazil I'm like I need minutes and text
messages to text my friends and it was
worse because I was bringing my phone
everywhere and using it here I was like
no no phone only Wi-Fi so I can only use
my phone when I'm in my room so how do
you feel without being without a phone
it's nice to get away it's nice to get
away for sure it's so peaceful I can't
describe these guys so apparently
there's like four more pools here and it
just gives getting better and better and
better
and we're about to head to the zoo this
is gonna be amazing are you ready to put
some Tigers oh yeah by the way
Indonesian people are like the nicest
people ever they're so nice and you know
what I noticed dude that when you order
food on the phone they didn't want you
to hang up first they don't hate they
don't put the phone down they're like
I'm like thank you if they go thank you
okay have a good day have a good day I'm
like all right look at this wow wow wow
just sick
look at that look at that we're gonna go
over there holy crap
and there's actually a skirt earlier gun
attack almost by monkey there's lizards
here two more lizards Komodo Island
oh really should what do they mean it's
an island of losers Wow
yeah let's go take some pictures look at
this beach
leave my mom would fucking shit her
pants ooh I mean any mom would ride your
mom would enjoy this yeah anybody would
how can you not look at this so as I
said everybody's on the honeymoon here
and we're just here alone let's meet
some girls tonight and bring him here
how about that which brings a girl yes
so this is people chilling on the
honeymoon relaxing we how about this
we'll go to the club tonight and get
some girls and bring him here how does
that sound sounds like a plan
all right so normally it's 18
millimeters of alcohol I can instead
millimeters of alcohol but this guy gave
me 120 what's your name
I'm Vika and Iike Antica oh look at that
that looks so delicious
well one took off my glasses and
screening them from oh look at that look
at this farm is spaghetti holy moly
nobody cleans her glasses the United
States you guys are the nicest people
Indonesia people are very nice thank you
I'm from a Russia but I live in America
California yeah no no Russian America no
friends God are you drinking this is
called bunny battery dies Oh
oh my god this looks beautiful oh yeah
I can't wait to try this I better grab
it but it's not ready yet
Wow not the oh my god whoa this is so
good
there's knives I finished this ah this
is very oh my gosh I take a sit Wow
french fries
pork sandwich so we're about to look at
some monkeys and before we get inside we
have to put these on because this is a
temple
what are these dudes ah that's a ritual
thing yeah it's a temple so there's
monkeys in the temple I don't know how
to make sense
I don't know we're just going for an
adventure where you guys from Malaysia
nice yeah a lot of people told me to go
to Malaysia I have a lot of fans in
Malaysia you guys have fun cool what do
you guys what are you guys gonna do now
good you guys yeah thanks dad about to
go see some monkeys and he says that if
I have the glasses the monkey take it
the glasses they take it the shoes
everything well all right guys if I lose
this vlog camera well there's not gonna
be any block your focus like ever all
right thank you
yeah banana for me are they nice no no
no no not a monkey no no naughty
what do you mean naughty they get naked
oh is it but white oh this is the same
monkeys that almost attacked you yeah
look oh they're coming oh they look
strong so I put one or two yeah hold
exam I hold the camera tight water the
big one
how are you monkey done that event it's
like a person we just got to the temple
it's right there but look at this look
at that Wow
I still can't get over it this is like
we're high on life right now you're
Greek oh yeah and it's hot as balls I
know I'm dying but my arms are I'm pale
so I'm a lobster let's go check out the
temple no I mean I might get skin cancer
bro
so as you guys know my pranks are edgy
and stuff and I'm just living life at
edge I'm living it on the edge I'm just
relaxing and looking at this beautiful
view and I'm dangling my feet marching
Derrick's on the radio our boys
we just got to the room and Kirk and I
about to go get a massage are you
excited yeah if you're in Indonesia you
have to check out a spa I have never
been but that's what people told me it's
gonna be probably real real real massage
happy ending I don't think so and then
we're gonna go to dinner at what is it
called Rock Bar Rock Bar and it's right
on the water off the cliff and then
we're gonna take a nap and then we're
gonna go out what are we gonna do pick
up some girls all right guys we got back
from an epic night epic nine but the
epic knives in your hand
they ended well but I lost my credit
card it happens I've lost my credit card
like that yeah I lost my credit card and
I cancelled so everything's good but uh
we're still in Bali with my friend Kirk
still not my boy Kirk and everything is
okay so hey guys I'll see you tomorrow
thank you guys so much for watching
please thumbs up please thumbs up this
vlog and I love you that's it Daniel
