excuse me ladies hi how you doing
officer Gorge off nice to meet you nice
to meet you
I just wanted to stop by just to let you
know guys you have a very nice booty and
I was wondering your booty actually
suspicious so I was gonna see if I can
investigate it tonight
first of all what do you mean sorry oh
don't look now huh this isn't real how
does it say well I wish you like in here
and in foody investigation all right you
don't want to be but okay
paperwork is boring yeah I don't like I
don't like killing people so I'm just
I'm just getting girls so excuse me
ladies hi officer gorgeo hi how you
doing how's your day going great you
guys look beautiful where you going all
right how young are you by the way 2800
while you look like you're 17 18 anyways
the reason the stop shakers are you guys
booties look too suspicious so I wanted
to investigate it tonight - so you guys
want to change some numbers so we can
hang out tonight maybe go for a drink
how does that sound that sounds like
you're not a real cop yeah huh it sounds
like I'm not a real cop really see I'm I
don't want like doing paperwork and all
that stuff I just like hanging out
talking to beautiful woman like you I'm
just kidding guys you're on camera
another rose house I'm doing a prank
video of picking up girls as a cop and
you guys are completely fucking awesome
does it make your day you can looks like
you got it
I never seen girls laugh this much shit
don't walk out with the cash sighs
exactly
no she's great she did us here come here
no it's like you know not she's good
she's like can i smoke a cigarette here
officer you guys are awesome hey I'm
gonna can I use it for my channel I have
a big prank channel on YouTube yeah I'm
not I'll do it at everybody but yeah you
guys are all like it's just anxiety but
you guys did awesome
know what you did you talk pretty good
look at you don't you smoke another
cigarette maybe they'll come you down
what's up ladies how you doing
name hi Christina hi I'm officer Gore
Chava you guys enjoying a day is it a
vaca in there gonna take a shot you
didn't seem too excited how can I make
it Marcus I do I need a strip for you or
something
would that be better hi ladies officer
Gorge off wait a second can I speak with
you guys hi how young are you you lying
how young are you hi younger yeah good
you guys are legal so what do you ladies
up to today for what for a hot
commercial can we make her hot
commercial my house chug yuck what is
that all right anyways the reason the
stop choose uh there's no really reason
because you guys are pretty so I wanted
to change some phone numbers so maybe we
can hang out tonight how does that sound
you can excuse me I have a question how
would you get know what is that t-shirt
where you going all right okay cool no
no I'm I'm just asking how's your day
going
no come here come eat me it's her I like
it wet that's fine
so I just wanted to ask you if you want
a piece of this bacon no come here
yeah all right hi ladies hi how are you
good you guys done jogging you guys you
guys go squatting do you squat yes do
you lift what do you ladies up to
oh well you can roast this big that's
fine you want some piece of this bacon
I'm just bored at the work there's
nothing to do today well you guys want
to hang out later
what's your number really I've never
bored
that's how I just friendship-wise it
like what's up you want us peace on this
bacon you're hungry vegetarian oh are
you all right well you guys want to hang
out later you want a change number well
now get a fan meet up here
yeah that's obvious which one this one
decided both of them which one this one
what's up dude oh thanks guys much of
course yeah yeah man card fans jugular
all right put your bail uh I hope your
videos man thanks dude hello what's up
officer Gorch aw come here
stop for a second I just wanted to let
you come here where you going I'm not
not just one twitching on that racist
okay how young are you come here where
you going I was gonna pick you up you
want uh some piss of this bacon so I'm
not racist I'm not racist I like my
daily chocolate okay
what's up how are you doing what's up
you like what are you new yes I'm new do
you like your job
no fuck the police that is not true what
I mean you really is not a uniform are
you actor
nah yeah I'm an actor what are you doing
I'm just picking up girls just walking
around got it so some chocolate dough
see come by and say hi
found it have fun
oh yeah yeah gotta have the permit parts
right all right and then you already
kind of given off an impression that
you're like kinda like impersonating the
opposite I'm not you don't know where
we're shooting so that you don't have
are you a heavy division going from 77
Southwest no then this outfit with
everything you got on kind of look like
you kind of hurts an officer all right
so without a film for me I like I'll
take it on to the other fellow we are
we're gonna no problem thanks I should
do aggressive huh huh
goodnight that would like you're scared
right good grab you again yeah excuse me
ladies
hi officer gorbachev hi what's up Gorge
all playback garbage hey what's up huh
yes I am I just saw what do you ladies
doing today
oh yeah what I just wanted to stop you
guys because uh you guys are a little
too beautiful to be here right now
so let me see your hand let me see not
leave this vanilla all right let me
taste yeah chuckle OH so been dealing
chocolates the best mix ever we're gonna
go to the promenade not too far yeah
they stole my cop car so either walk hey
what's up how are you come here
you know that it's illegal to drink
Starbucks for blondes Farmar ah yes it
is come here are you what are you doing
do you want do you want a piece of bacon
yeah you want to piss the bacon you want
to roast a pig come here were you from
oh she knows she got got by see you
shouldn't so if we had a permanent
nothing with okay so next we'll get a
permit said you know that I'm from Miami
you have your ID yeah absolutely
so what I'm going to do is I'm going to
give them the heads up as well as the
city management that you guys were out
here today yeah we're leaving of course
but okay and then what's that one's not
gonna do no just basically hey you guys
can't be out here like this like a cop
of course I'm it happened someone takes
you for a cop what are you gonna do say
I'm not a cop
VI tal Y Z DTV okay gentlemen have a
good day awesome thanks so I so if I get
a permanent I can do this you get a
permit you can do whatever you want of
course we'll do that we're leaving
thanks it doesn't move a few don't move
at all good so leave so I can go to
forward too much so how did I get off
just go this way Nikki's interested yeah
I'll take it you want it I'll just do
circles what if I don't
let's go oh it's use it so well I really
can't fall over oh isn't it what how can
you shit on it you really can then you
can fly off there's no people there's no
you're bad Oh
fly off fly lean forward I'm trying to
leap forward but it leads back there you
go
Oh lean back a little bit how do I get
off not lean back I just
oh you can take a picture yeah what's up
do it let's do it quick hey let's do it
over here so not in the center
what's it me cuz I like you Roman outlet
no sir so we're skate shop oh okay oh
it's a rock you want to race let's race
are you faster are you faster than me
she's under huh
I'm a real cop how do you know Wow huh
picking up girls the cup I was gonna
pick you up but I feel like you're
underage Rhea you're 20 oh yeah you look
like you're 16 just doing a video I'm
not a real cop you guys scared huh you
look at her you know we're just making a
video but I was like hey my give you a
compliment oh yeah we're just filming uh
we got a real police officer over there
too so don't worry walk yeah he's
watching us
everything okay great so we're good
we're in good hands thank you -
appreciate it
yep hey MA what's your name come here
what's up how are you I'm in office I
wanted to say how beautiful you are you
thought I was gonna arrest you or
something were you from Puerto Rico
okay I'm close I'm Nigeria so it's a
little nice so maybe we should be
friends cuz you have an accident I have
an actor so we should have a seven seven
together yeah Oh boyfriend darling and
honestly I don't be your mother I'm
three over seven years you know all of
my I'm 50
Oh
