what's up fellas what's up a toughie
tell mom how are you she Joe like she's
a sheesh she's freaky not yo she's
licking me up cuz you know how moms are
ready got him like five fights but ah
it's time to take the metal out and
should get she drove just in case cuz
I'm gonna gonna put me on anesthesia for
a while for what for what basically I'm
gonna get be put under anesthesia and
when I wake up I don't want to crash it
up in my car wat know what I was gonna
say look at this outfit what's wrong
with my outfit
they told me to just come for Ali for
the surgery anyways so I don't want to
cry so since I don't want to crash oh
and I don't want to sleep behind the
wheel
my mama drove me see how sweet you are
thanks mom whenever I need you you're
different wait wait you know I eleven
o'clock last night okay yeah and how
calling him we were 656 like it wasn't
like eighth grade yeah he's Keith Brown
okay he's going over 200 surgery
anesthesia proposed about to go girl
okay so I just need the medicine
when when you know the real magic trick
know where the time calm yeah I will
give you medicine to hear he also make
me relax a little
yes then we take you inside we're taking
your oxygen mask button out on this one
no accident mask after this one - please
I can bring them out for this oh yeah
yeah good breathing or no I give you an
eight okay okay
okay yeah and then you wake up this
unhallowed how long I sleep it evens
sergers all yes
Oh Bobby fine really just in and out
yeah you can do them so we'll a so I
have to be recovering all day or no no
no you come back here and you leave in
one hour okay
and that's it so he's gonna stay here
for one hour you could be back here for
one hour delicate oh nice maybe even
before me okay cool like it had so fancy
so everyone's like wise you ever the
list party other words and I tried to
bump my sample in a bathroom the first
surgery done I don't want the doctor to
look at his pimple am I gonna work on
hand gives a temple Charlie okay you
made your blush at home no never
it's okay kid it's over
no can I tell them Kenneth tell them the
story what happened to me in Russia I
never I don't know what this is
would be nominee Russia's accession put
this on put this on to get over to the
sword over his shoe yeah that's what
they were the hospital yeah they look
similar but it's for you know it wasn't
for my sheet I was like oh no it was for
my shoe but I put on my head but it
lovely
that's what it was it was the opposite
yeah
alright anyways I'll see you guys after
the surgery oh did you see anything yet
metallic it's way anything's waiting
okay good hahaha I'm so lazy right now
give me 1 7195 okay kitchen station
kissing station yeah
and second drawing do oh he did or he's
just pretending
hey you're such something what's up
Carly are you good
the whole town was talking to a doctor
all you would be wrong but the question
is what he was talking about in this
business with nasty my down is it
alright yeah no it's just like it's
bloody kinda cheap miss crew yeah yeah
there's little thing
don't touch use it all don't eat what
I'm good I'm ready whenever you are
I'm I'm ready long time ago you like
this terminus I like this can you relax
at home wouldn't you bring you home and
then you're gonna realize he's me well I
still have you know already yeah just
got home and I hope my talking is better
is it better I'm at my still it's so
coffee here so it still looks like this
we'll see let's give it a week or or
else give it three years what's up
villains welcome to another vlog thank
you for coming back look I picked up
beautiful mother what's up Bob what
about i but i but i hi hi something i'm
gonna combine this law I'm gonna combine
this log with the surgery blog because
on the surgery day after that I just
went to bed
I took some rest but look how beautiful
it is when Pacific
highway right here on the coast uh-oh
my name is the cops are around see this
thing work logging yes I see you are you
horny so we are going to go to no booth
and on the beach I tried to make a
reservation but there's no room for
reservation so I guess like the sushi
Rosa but I want some quality sushi I'm
tired of eating all these local spots
around Hollywood
so is it quality no boy you're just
overrated what do you think is it
overrated I don't know I'm gonna try it
again and find out so you're saying I
have like a list not unless you got our
toxicity like this side they said it but
what about what my face is straight your
face is tricky but oh yeah my bite is
off I was in the shower so I was
thinking about it I was like mercy of my
my face my feel like my teeth are like
get the Sun well I'm gonna ask him for
the he wants to see me one more time I'm
gonna ask him for this breed are you
saying he was to me one more time he was
so maybe there are some words that it's
hard for me to pronounce yeah he wants
to see me he wants to see me one more
time what's the same no one saw he wants
to see me one more time
you see what's in thing and now you
notice okay so what is it from what are
ya so you need braces
oh god Teresa well though they have
those seats or once right yes yes so I
can't say see I noticed Fifi so when I
everything would see I can't say okay
you know it's not huge so we came here
without see it by the bar but the
weather is pretty nice but people are
chilling outside look at that view
now we have to sit behind we're in jail
right now and I would have stood behind
this so we're going where we're going
what's the vacation or going and yeah
indium coming to a lot of people asking
oh yeah she's making my visa so wish her
luck you think you're smart enough to
make her me a visa yeah
JK my mom had those been out of the
shower three mothers done using this the
energy recovery mmm removal Wall Street
my favorite sashimi are heated I'll be
shy show me how you use them shots they
go come on
ah go go go I'm not gonna touch go go
mommy you were using a fire what do you
fuck it good your job okay I'm troubling
me because you try and think itself here
and it's funny so I'm gonna make it more
awkward a to go I feel like selfies are
bad but not bad three people you know
like me every time every time I see
somebody taking a selfie
who could be super wicked with uncles
you want to take a picture okay
oh yeah show me can you show me how you
do it my god oh good
how about this I check out this selfie
that that's selfie
Oh oh my mom I need a thumbnail should I
fly off with my car into the water here
oh and you can vlog me from the bottom
from the bottom so then when I come home
I can take a screenshot I put a
thumbnail and my my title is gonna say
she crashed crashed off the cliff and
almost died yeah it's gonna get a
million League Bay bandage
get right
2017 legend the myth the Softee returns
fashion
Wow oh my god I just got pranked but I
got breaking the good way so me and my
mom walking around and this young
gentleman come up to me like they're
recognizing the moment how do they
recognize me because I'm probably my
nose look they slip this in my back you
sure I feel bad it's your channel you
have a channel all right cool
yes theory all right guys thank you so
much that's Korean I said bye all right
so you can't finish lunch without a
dessert look at that oh my god ha
but the real transformation starts 2017
and no I'm serious because I already
told them that I'm still going to read
their submission there's a winner and
also I have to tell you guys another
thing is that yeah I want to be a better
I don't wanna be digging in I want to be
athletic
I want to skinny rip skinny rip any
ideas guys I want to be skinnier I'm
here with my girl
Oh what's up farming you on the thigh
with doggy just be I'm good are ya
she's an actress she doesn't want to
sign relief see this type of people this
is the type of people user yeah
it's it's tough out here right season
yeah she's an actress she's gonna she's
gonna call her lawyer
think when you doing like I just blur
faces okay yeah we're a face I listen
but she's she's the ones are gonna ruin
a day and people are rush up there line
that she can pull the cops yeah I mean
we delete it I know I know you give her
like money right yeah yeah you do Leah
thanks to
if you guys wandering why I don't upload
as much that's because I'm a topless
maid so boys if you're looking for a job
haha just got back to my mom's and look
at her look a little assistant here
doing my Indian visa so it looks like
I'm going officially chained there I
just talked to Nina I'm gonna have a
crazy experience
I can't yeah I'm going to India he says
let me triple check but we are anyways I
want to go to India I'm gonna go to
India
I gotta go visit right gotta go see my
Indian fans mama I'm talking and you
interrupting with your computer needs
computer ok it's on the computer - shut
up shut up I think so everything thank
you thank you can you be nice lips
did you see the table with that toy
people good good just got home I'm gonna
pass out early I got DMV tomorrow
morning because I lost my wallet in
Dubai and Abu Dhabi I want to be first
one at the DMV well tried to be so it's
a 7 a.m. wake up so I just made my visa
to India and I'm gonna wait on approval
and then once that done I'm gonna go
meet Nima in India I'm so excited I'm so
excited to meet some of you guys in
India I'm so excited to bring villains
they are not in India but the question
is were you celebrating New Year's
please give this log a big thumbs up and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
listen
