what's up villains homie geez
cockroaches I'm with ed today right what
we got out of the car we got this thing
coming out what's up what's your name
bro I'm Jason thanks good Jason yeah
how you be shooting a movie yeah but I'm
finished now so I'm actually going to
come when you bring now I'll getting the
stuff ready for it all right I'll be
waiting
oh yeah dude thanks - yeah I said this
what happens when you get to Hollywood
Boulevard right when I walk out of the
car and here take a pic which is nothing
wrong with that three miles in the wrong
direction to a random apartment on
willoughby not Wiltshire yeah that was
tyre it's not willoughby thank you this
guy we're going through the wig store
this guy to somebody's house so we're
gonna stop at the wig store for the new
prank I'm doing with the mannequin we
need a wig to make the mannequin look
like more of a girl so people believe it
all right
and hopefully we find the right wig
we're here at what outfitter wigs look
at all these way
we should just which one one of those
brunette or blonde this this looks more
real but the black one looks real - you
think I like brunettes and blondes kind
of like I don't know I think that Brown
will be good I like this alright guys so
we got the wig now it's time for some
clothes some speakers and some girlie
clothes I don't have a girlfriend so I
had to shut the girl clothes you have a
girlfriend do you know how to shop a
second when a girl walks into a store
and says I'll be right back it takes
like an hour and a half like she was in
the makeup so I was like babe I just I
gotta wait outside finally got to Ross
do you know that Ross was my favorite
favorite place to shop for skate shoes
he's serious like when I was 16 17 I
would save money and just come here and
always buy some shoes some dc's or some
how is that yeah I couldn't afford to go
to a skate shop because skate shop with
shoes would be $80 and then these shoes
that I buy here in like 20 bucks
so just for Less guys I still shop here
but today I'm gonna get a dress alright
so we just got back to the house and we
dressed this beautiful lady up what do
you guys think pretty legit huh and
we're out to Venice Brandon's gonna film
this video you'll boy yo so you're ready
for another challenge next week bring it
bitch
British watch drink you know you're
gonna fail again I can't say I said
dollars next one ready
ranking ranking ranking gets you this
we're getting kicked out of Venice Beach
right now
they said disturbin calls we gotta go
and nobody call the cops
so probably bullshit but
look at these guys so yeah they're
following us until we get to the car now
and we got to go but fucking cops always
have to ruin the fun right he said he's
not leaving
pinkies like I don't care how long we
leave all right guys we're about to head
to dinner with everybody here and
Brandon's FaceTime a girl oh you're a
girl that's awesome
but they gonna think it's a guy we
should just show you something - if the
hair back and forth I whip my hair back
and forth whoop the hair back and forth
yeah yeah guys Oh Brendan everybody
thinks those mean to you guys I really
honestly wasn't yeah you got the herpes
boy love you baby
what does I mean to you bro was that me
do not know oh shit I thought you're a
guy because I didn't know you have balls
to show so we just got supposed to Noah
what do you guys think
no thanks just saying hi to everybody
else to do it anyways we're gonna have a
couple more drinks and we're gonna go to
some bar and have a good time
I love you I love you I gotta finish my
mojito
oh yeah Cheers Brendan see you drink
your best again no more drinks for him
on the close-up look all right only G
slices I'm gonna wrap up this vlog
because we're gonna go out and and yeah
you guys already know what's up it's not
gonna be really much fun gonna be like a
cock passed out you just got one
beautiful lady with us that's it so not
much too fun to share thank you guys for
watching and see you tomorrow
three two one go $500 on the wine
