what's up guys another day with add bass
masters and Jessie only Jessie and two
pretty ladies professional racecar
driver ed stinking you think you'd do it
even first time race part was dead
professional mascara Congrats
that's far Michael Michael Gordon here
baby like whatever you're a good boy but
let's do this alright David didn't take
it for a test ride and if you crashes I
have it on camera
it's just cancer break yeah all right
all right then
believe in your dude you've got first
place we believe in them you ready I'm
ready dude I'm nervous please all your
life right here is an edge ad making me
more nervous here I'm gonna do this
three two one
take off
these are
this is all you want
any-any lilacs
I'm gonna head so would you tell what
you thought I got it up to eight miles
an hour but it was fun we're gonna Park
this thing
it feels I've never been in an exotic
sports car before so this was quite the
experience
I got a you know thankful tally for
letting me drive it eight miles an hour
I appreciate it man well you're growing
up you promised you would let me driving
that's what he did for me thanks a lot
that was really nice yeah thanks what do
you think
so I got to Jesse's and ads and I got a
little hungry I went outside
refrigerator you didn't see anything
nobody decided cabinet didn't see
anything and then I spotted this nothing
do you mean nothing I'm talking hot what
we tell them as I knew you knew you did
I didn't know what it was uh yeah what'd
you say he ate one yesterday yeah I'll
get you on your a one boy good why would
you not tell me that nutty it's mine so
I'm fairly Justin oh yeah Oh David oh
that's no kids he tried to the plain
girl with us I'm gonna scoop it out this
is great another beating us
see I try to put them on point somebody
out first guys what do you know about
that penis high-five that's not gay
fucking bring it it's bringing on
motherfuckers bring it jam a may have
that crack man you wanna play off that
crack don't shoot public then fucking do
it fuck you bro
wait I'm watching it again madam hungry
big boys gonna eat
you know things apply at all
inspired
since fired on
that's not a hot dog it's a fire dog
Oh
look
he just rode both of you how it should
be good teachers do that same thing I'll
pretend I'm spotting you
so don't spot obviously you don't need a
spot it's a joke I think it'd be funny
to I don't to be in the sink back up
I'll make you pretend I'm spotting Jeff
oh I got you I got you bro oh yeah yummy
- yummy - who's yummy one from last
night tail for what not supper
has he got a hold of me he probably
popped me like a load so no that would
have been a rise up and move them over
Saigon row let me tell you something
on the block with my Jeep and fast
Lester chillin in Santa Monica like we
California yeah we rappers and we demand
a hold hand because we love each other
like Homo Sapien garage semester in the
woods best the best listen how you down
listen Jesse what Jesse's here he wants
to say I and little is wishing it
bounced out you know Vitaly he's he said
along all right we gotta go grab a fan
on the phone crying you white what did
she message you on Twitter put me on
Twitter Walker said no give me a call my
name she's not who's this hey hey don't
NASA's Vinny let her know this really
you know it's Jesse it's Jesse PvP
what's your name what's your name how do
you
Hanan Noel Sochi I'm allowed to ask how
much so we just gone alright now for a
little bit take a little break and when
will it stop
ah shit
yeah fucking in I can find it so where
you're at
oh my God look at that tricep whoa whoa
yo he's strong
