you know so you never want it
single-action because it doesn't take
much to pull the trigger whereas I got
to work hard to do somebody's getting
shot today do not pull this out put it
to your head point it in anybody else
and pull it because it will hurt you
when we're here when we fire this thing
are we pointing it at whoever is our
person our victim going to be where's
Mike Mike's going to be the shooter the
gun just like a real gun for me being a
cop I point center-mass but that's what
I want to hit here we're going to
utilize the cameras to make it look like
it's center mass everything will be
pointed off since we're going to zip it
up to see yeah
we went like this and we'll have a free
October I'll just let me tonight one
he'll be right here oh yeah when it's on
him it's not going to this foam pull
down perfect I'm getting shot to you
rehearsal you're gonna be less dusty-ass
floor acting he's gonna be awesome shot
- do you guys all wanted me to get shot
one day oh yeah there you go
I'm gonna get a shot I think it's safe
to say this this is another one of the
funnest jobs I just get to sit and watch
the magic happens out there get every
screen everyone hooking up all these
buttons control room this is
you know I can dance blow your mind
like the scary things like now you can
like you're a rapper that's these little
world we live in
it's so fucking good I could have
watched five businesses I sure can you
go and be an idiot anymore you somebody
come on it I want to buy the combo oh
yeah give it up salad bro make some
money
I don't cut those part 2 is coming on
there you broke a Karachi cooker guys
second are gonna take over spot your
Davos limelight identical cockaroach
volume 1 people walk around like this
cockaroach dance music oh god shit hey
that's the cockaroach that's what that's
like I know people in like the hood to
start doing this and you're like real
popular here's what happened to music
this week bunch of kids in Brooklyn or
jumping around like red because I think
it's cool I'll give you the greater
force on a dick about it
Jim what no you gotta wait till this one
drops bro it's like Bobby bitch we're
talking walk in the Sun up see look at
that dick and then I sit on it and I go
sana sana dick water you need a loop for
when you got the sweat naturally coming
out of your buddy yeah at the start of
it it can make a loop for when you got
the sweat I got that sound of dick what
but that sound a sound of it how do you
use it you just take the towel off and
you sit on it I only think you can make
a lot of money doing that they say those
studio parking why because you're gonna
sit on the cone and you're gonna say
comb putz go go go but it looked it
what's going on Nick Carter's name is
frozen anticipation the towers got that
Medusa dick it's Versace think I'm Papa
he's caca I'm Papa Papa Roach ami I'm a
grown man
he's a Kaka he's a baby at all oh wow
wow wow I'm standing here we go and I
started my diet but I'm gonna have to
eat these because people this reaction
I'm celebrating with butterfingers it's
good well I'm not supposed to be eating
this especially eating solids and
healthy doctor what just happened I do
so desire a reaction out of that okay
you have to be careful with your hand
because that's a real explosion I didn't
know that I mean little squid I mean I
have my hand there first
yeah
you're fine detergent
good that's why I gave it away ya see ya
better be careful
oh shit that just hole opened up in his
chest did it look like ya know I bet it
was a real bullet for a second yeah
take away the squib and put a real
bullet and let's kill Vitaly today so
could we got on set here look at him
he's the nicest nicest guy ever but we
see him look at him you would be running
for your life living chicken arms I can
hang on it
my knees are falling so much that today
she basically killed it if today was
unbelievable you guys want a gangster
hiccup this guy here said dear Matt is
he's not he goes to church and read
books I think he looks like this
how does this happen I don't know this
is another one of the gangsters middle
of life right here villains I'm just a
soft
do it again
literally killed me today
but I'm still right where right now in
downtown sketchy LA warehouse and guess
what we're doing we're about to spread
cockroaches on top why the before
shopping team I don't like that they did
yes it was just the was perfect just
just Jackson awesome yeah because the
second one I kind of held it that's when
I let it shot me the way I thought you
got a real likable anything be more real
you will tell ya if you're like is its
how they really done it so you thought
it was only two gangsters
look at this gangster you stopping by
you guys know Travis I'm sure you guys
seen in my previous vlog it's Dana's
roadies body she's having a baby how do
you feel your friend is bad enough he's
got a lot more stuff goes ding
congratulations
what up my hobros I'm here with my boy
Batali that's right I want y'all to much
Hobart your loss is starring EMT guys
what's the channel go the channel is you
to use a Hollywood home row and is my
boy Charlie your now I love it man
thank y'all make sure you subscribe and
I give them change sometimes time he
does and what your channel dollar buddy
knows air of course everybody knows a
man that maybe not everybody but I was
etu second big mustache beards this wild
species is about to close
we're know what it is yet
I've got on khakha
