yeah laughs 3:05 but like flight good to
see you man but very serious start the
morning in the telling hotel sheets good
so good even though I said the diet
started today
that's how he died is Nutella LNG's 22
did you all type of shit
I'm telling you don't do it I'm gonna
what's up guys a run set right now with
this guy he's filming our movie clips
from the movie were filmed with this guy
right here this is the best camera you
can get even better than all this
products damn you just microphone in the
business yeah all the magic it's a
series deal here
description hey guys Christian thinks he
knows what he's doing but it was a dozen
and just like still enormous it you
shoulder pad
that's how it rolled in the cop car bro
been a nun see I just pushed this
officer right all right what you're
gonna do officer I've been to these like
I haven't been in these two cars like
maybe nine or ten times now but in the
back today I'm playing a Salomon it's
good that's crazy that really happened
yeah yesterday was a farmer sound god
tomorrow
Russian hitman she is getting crazy
how'd you see the day one bro
unbelievable unbelievable you say that
never today was unbelievable
haha we killed would you think baby boy
chase I thought that was incredible
really are you trying to get my profile
no because the light like he's right
she's got knows what he's doing
sometimes though yeah Dennis Dennis come
on who are you you know you come in
today was today was today was so amazing
it was uh so today was an epic day guys
I'm sorry I wasn't a lot in this vlog
because I was out there pranking and now
go home he's probably gonna hit the gym
but uh sorry how rude I am yo what are
you doing bro yo yo yo yo just doing a
couple gun
stell come on Fisher time dude be sure
let's go
yumjong film this
what is that is it well I'm gonna give
you shit for dinner Brendan just stole
it just a little bit
