Wow the fish I look sick how's your
weekend so rather so sup dude going on
today mm-hmm my mom will love to hear
you say that all of a sudden learning
what's up guys win the middle of nowhere
today I don't know where are we today
look at you he's directing the shots
area where we have right now just called
thundering hooves ranch thundering hose
wrench or anything look how beautiful
this is this is somebody's house look
I'm pointing over there oh yeah things
went to hell so yeah and there's horses
in the front this guy owns this land
it's beautiful but only reason I don't
like if you want to go to town like
party and stuff you might imagine
bringing girls back you have to drive an
hour look at this guy this is what I
needed from my weekend you know for
Halloween I for halloween Oh is Patrick
Bateman I neither acts imagine me we're
going to a koala damn see why are you
throwing it come here come here go get
the stick in the wood bro you're going
to dislike my video so you're saying
you're gonna kill people if they don't
like your videos and look at you so good
where yeah I think he just made I was
too close to the but when authorities
you're gonna have your hands all dirty
let's go evidently you should sodded hey
back it up back it up guys hey guys
Indiana Jones hey hey guys look so guys
guys this movie should be called guys
what you got there no that one will go
prom haha black for stammering middle
the mountains and
I'm your typical redneck country boy I'm
Rudolph down hey what's your name mate
I'm Rudolph nice to meet you hey you
just shook a horse shit pink shade horse
shit to party I'm out here at ranch hand
my friend a ride yeah hey that will have
a lot of crew guys around with your you
want to date me everybody listen to this
guy's got something to say problems
become big granny ain't waking on here
bro I got no service everybody come on
in closer saving don't go and prodding
her with your fingers and stuff oh sure
oh sure I'll cut the bottom half you
take topple share your order man like
last time you scared them girls away and
we'd we had to hack them up so finally
today I don't have to eat shit dude some
guys don't get shit with marinara sauce
it's a little better than just a Ross
shit marinara near Marinaro and aaron
arsh is better great yeah forgot the
tomato I felt like we got some cheese on
the boat we got a little lettuce I was
gonna be have to do I'm just keeps
talking about no no I don't want why
don't know so stop asking me that you
want to touch me I didn't say that just
now if you wanted to I'm gonna do you
know when I give it to you and I just
try to be funny I'm literally gonna poop
it out while you sticking up slap you in
a film and put online I didn't ask but
Nick did I ask him I know what it's a
romantic thing so yeah I think it's if
you wanna know about this out no one
else in all explained it's not about sex
explodey came up ok so let's say this
the towels are sitting here vitalis here
the way we r 9 is sauna Oh like a gym
sauna really hot and so can I come up
and I'm wearing a towel for you're
wearing a towel I don't worry hard and
you're already hard so I go what's that
take it up ooh for me and I I pick up
mine and I get a warm you guys are you
are really hard and then all he like I
feel like I'd be like Nick it's a little
tight it's a little he's sitting here or
the sauna so we're stretched out and
you're ni boom you're already hard right
and so you're like hey just do it slow
so like okay I'll just slow and i'll be
like gonna and then one right George
look at this is what happened bring you
big this is what's gonna happen to you
gonna give a big thumbs up please I
believe I can ride it a lot and editor
of the Sutter does award I'll pull up
the magic how does it move how does it
do that do you want to search your bro
take it out with that acts like it's
their nuts know what up guys this is my
guard I just hired him today he's been
working very well and he's been very
protective the very protected other leg
jus do you want to tell them a little
bit about how you protect this land come
on yes sir mr. Battaglia tell y'all what
my name is Rudolph Furst mr. Rudolph
sorry like Rudolph Valentino
motherfuckers don't y'all forget that
shit anybody comes up on mr. Rudolph's
property they gonna have to get past me
motherfuckers head shot they see this
gun they gonna be afraid of that hey
nothing man i'll put that down she's
looking at me motherfucker gonna get
that fucking camera out my face right
neighbor likes me yes please no filming
a lot of my land all right I mean well
you did you want to be here well I'm
just gonna be like handheld POV okay
like as if I'm the mark or one of these
days I'm gonna be helped LOL whats how
that's going yeah hello loi lock up
though but you guys still bad grandpa
some of the shots one of those Wow and
you film to right now did you work on
background but you did work done by
grandpa I sewed you behind the scenes
white blushing you shy as a great
example to it was a great project you
work a bad cowboy back of yo Brandon
what is this what is that what is that
that shit is it well i'm gonna give you
shit for dinner
that did go on man I don't know fuck
this that's Brendan it just a little bit
of shit you want it you wanted that for
dinner nah man I wanted to feed him some
shit for dinner is that is that a
delicious dinner some horseshit don't
take that shit from him bro so we've
been getting some epic epic reactions
we've been here all day and we only got
two reactions and the setup took
probably we have to be here attending
morning today and the setup was honestly
maybe five hours two reactions and every
reaction is like 20 seconds so and now
we want one more reaction that sounds
going down so yeah I tried staying
character but it's not really working
something so well because i suck with my
southern accent and you guys don't like
my accent well let's do a duel alright
we're still doing 50 no but nose is so
big at the city's I just finger Batali's
mouth you are tan fuck we're party
tonight it's a wrap up for day number 9
or 10 or 11 i lost my god
