what's up guys so right now my day
starting I'm gonna be a hipster checkout
roving me up right now and the wireless
mic over oh yeah yeah yeah this is you
that smooth yeah yeah yeah just ranges
from everything from my
you got her into a hole you gotta write
a book yeah we gotta read a book one day
that's a lot of work
don't spray though don't say that all
right so we have some biohazard
incidentally the hand that said today I
can't tell you what it is
all's I can tell you is it ain't pretty
there might be some casualties I got
lice aw
I got a mask I saw Roman walking around
in this bestest suit I don't know it's
crazy shit their owner of the building
was here the police fire department it
was fuckin crazy
and this place smells like a fucking
dumpster that I've slept in before poof
all right dogs good luck you should see
that shit when it comes out man
did it make it in the bit yeah Oh
leaving you know there's no payoff so
there's no like real real world panic
app in the first Jackass movie we did
the hardware store shit thing and so the
first time I did it they made me wait
too long and Jeff kept different man
kept punching me in the ribs and I I
shit my pants remember that I can't
handle
yeah I just couldn't some people think I
did it on purpose I did not and then
everyone puked in the band it was like
the middle of winter all rainy and we
have the heater blasted so it was just
like and then they ditched me they're
like you can get a cab home I'm like no
I have a pants load of shit go to a
payphone in the rain and call a cab and
get a ride home the guys you want have a
walk to the pay phone but then yeah I'd
to wait in the rain did you and then get
in the cab with your pants bullshit like
what's the smell when you have a shit in
your pants we got in the cab most of it
up but it you know I used a paper bag
that's on the parking lot
yeah that's that's oh that's the world I
live in
never in my entire life while landing a
tre flip on the ground
are you gonna back me up now he's gonna
back me up go go
New England of it
oh you stop that shit yo thanks to this
Momiji Navy list for coming out today
you're gonna see him sunday Jeff on
shredding today so much fun man yeah
we'll help you out to teach about to do
the ramp some of the street guy not a
god I'm not a bird guy he goes back in
the 70s I go back in the face and while
he's in the air he punches you in the
face
while he's in there what yeah your face
I got yours he's doing true so we went
out and like kick off your face yeah
it's it's not any hardship he's future
is coming up so it was like in the air
in the skies there that was a very
creative day we did some awesome things
and we probably have seen if it makes it
it's David's not gonna make it yeah yeah
Dave hold on but he had the bullet
Pakistan sir yeah what's it was a still
me
the justice spasibo foster the Sudan
yeah what's two boards at once what do
you need flip two boards with what that
one with his light you know you doing
regular kickflip you did to Lourdes he
rides two skateboards one on each he was
riding across
both tails right jokes are they all a
bull with his fingers you and adobo wrap
Oh check the butcher the baker the
chemistry like me
all the ladies know that I ain't no fake
cousin jeigh Master J and I'm here to
stay some lock me up those keys away and
fuck all y'all motherfuckers you catch
you a mom on the fucking part of the
street Skid Row watch out I'll get your
football but you know how to be school
boys because I'm crazy just normal you
see me on so the shit you just be
walking out the way don't be coming up
to me I'll be talking to sides my aunt a
jaw you know what I'm sayin Paul showed
up for my vlog homie G slice what's up
they definitely didn't prank me he's the
guy from V Mia I'm on Vimeo I do tumblr
blogs please follow my tumblr we really
appreciate it
yes sir nice lifting did you lift it
daddy knows that leave I got I got it I
said doing I'm getting why don't you
work on your hands a little more and no
wait when you breathe all the way out
there's no reason to work on your abs -
that's the world that's world cup 2.0 to
prove it I see
alright guys so today was a very
successful day we got the Ã¥land we had
fun we skated today's prank was
completely come on even no it was just a
great day tomorrow's gonna be even
better tomorrow we're gonna shoot this
music video at this guy's house Frank
Sinatra baby we're going to his house
we're gonna have 25 girls as extras half
of them gonna have big titties
they're gonna work big dresses they're
gonna wear high heels and I'm gonna get
their numbers so please watch tomorrow's
vlog because it's gonna be sunny and
beautiful
I suck at singing
alright guys so me and Dennis are gonna
head to the gym right now which is gonna
chill and you know exactly we're gonna
chill at the drum so we do because we
don't lift at all yeah Battaglia's on
this phone the whole time yeah right I'm
gonna do some cardio listen to Frank
Sinatra we'll see how that works out all
right guys
Danya
