everybody's sexy today especially me
what's up what's up dude yo what up I
don't know yeah what's up man I'm
basically in the gang now yeah hi I'm in
the vlog I'm one of the providers it
stands still so since the circuit Caesar
to wear the face Thursday 5:00
we're in Koreatown I don't know what
kind of reactions are going to get for
these people but for sure it's going to
be good maybe eat some sushi while we're
here - oh it's about Asian chicks I
never had an asian chick either of I've
only made out with one really have you
guys had sex with an asian chick well if
we're speaking about happy endings and
massage parlors and I'll be lying leave
a comment in the vlog you know if you've
ever fucked an asian chick and let us
know what it was like just in case if I
like bend over or something and over oh
yeah no well I don't know if I go to
jail tonight I'm gonna have to bend over
a lot Oh perfect this is exactly what I
was looking for nice couch it out yeah
sound like that nice and that you will
never see you NW yeah you will never see
her yeah no I'm not gonna do it you
might like it
just in case yeah no but what about the
oh you smell it right Kiki mouthful
check so today we're here with jenna
Marbles hey sup star I was just gonna
smash this are you excited to be in this
movie yeah I'm super excited thank you
look excited no it's fucking early in
the morning she wasted last night again
I told you not to get wasted come on
so I used to watch this girl before I
had any subs and I'm halfway there to
pass her maybe in two three years I'll
be there but one day my dad wondered
yeah feet up in jail in jail they'll be
my tenth time if I do so I look she's
been watching me how did she know about
my Jail
then watch my genitals when you'd as
they would come I see you I still so
yeah we're doing movie with her and I
should be fine I can't tell you what it
is guys but it's gonna be fun I think
she's nervous am i standing next to me
which is what is she saying to this
rebel can I was finished so I wanted to
smash it I needed to do something my
adrenaline uh you know what I'm gonna do
to your dick oh yes that sounds fun
so it's a lunch break and while we have
lunch look who showed up
it's all made my dad they don't want me
to hug him cool you guys I want a
picture bitch before my sister you
rather live with me you know fish
islands he's gonna look so Liz it guys
it'll help keep fluid we flew him out
for this movie he's gonna do a famous
bit with us and yeah you ready Tom I'm
ready you look like you're ready no
brands good Oprah and we're gonna have
to put a sticker over top only to
everyone who wears rank it up sir
t-mobile great shit I'm sure that's it
break it up calm when everyone is very
lunch yet I haven't checked it doesn't
lunch no it's not yeah hey why do you
make a shirt of something Hassan it's
just in his places at lunch
oh yeah we have we're gonna have to
watch check out his website prank it up
cone I haven't been there on the yet I'm
gonna check it tonight mister sure but
I'm not we're almost set up with the
shirts if you're a fifth thousand
subscriber you might get a shirt for
free there you go
after you yeah I'm not ourselves take of
your glasses they miss your beautiful
life how you doing
now mate Thomas come on man or because
I'm poppy we're gonna eat are you
excited
not going to be here we gonna stop with
your Jenna fruit picture oh yeah how'd
it go for it well by the way this
morning you went pretty good okay okay
it's a public prank so well I think we
did pretty good
yes
I'm so appreciative of enrollment I'm
one of Romans homeless soldiers down up
fucking leg
I'm really nervous for this some about
you I'm about to can't tell you what I'm
gonna do are you gonna see hi guys
thanks for coming out here I've been
waiting for this for a very long time
and I just I'm speechless right now
thanks for my close friends my crew
thanks for this beautiful restaurant for
letting me do this here what I'm about
to do this is going to be the biggest
thing of my life
Jenna what you Barry
I thought maybe next year she'll say yes
up to a buyer Louboutin bag let's see on
the movie does burg yeah the city
lighter
I don't bring her flowers then I'm going
to be hungry by word for an hour I talk
to girls in cinder - oh she's like fuck
you that's fine
didn't nothing about chlamydia did you
get it better no bears are just a
boyfriend well I wasn't serious why
that's good you say no I expect you to
say throw it jump I don't want to marry
you
I don't want if you're watching this
what's your boyfriend's name Julian if
you're watching this I'm gonna maybe
your girlfriend
I'm mr. Stu your girl but I'm not a male
because you go with my eyes with those
chicken are I do I'm just talking shit
so somebody asked her if she would ever
put Nutella on her booty and she said
yes so tell your boyfriend to do it and
let me know how it goes god
he's wrong with that it's chocolate it's
awesome you get a booty and chocolate
looks even so she's already tried it she
knows exactly what it is
do you see my metallic you see the Sally
shirts oh look look at the shirts I made
because that's like became I don't know
there blew up so it look it so is the
shirt Mitali
would be sort of there's a bit look at
the website look at the website my god
did you get arrested during the world
yeah one look for jail for an hour but
since I told a Russian they like
and I went to jail in the fields we've
been in really good cycle holy no that's
what people said you're going to get
been for the country asking for a
hundred dollar fine and I didn't have
any money so they're just they go seems
like a fair trade
thanks friends I'm gonna go piss on some
people
get him get him good hey come on don't
pee on me
wait dude Ezreal Rick trying to give it
tickets vanity other tickets a
ridiculous figure oh my god
yeah we just finished loading her and
then my friend tells a hey solder
they're like oh man let me go take a
picture with us let me check my check my
check how many children the cries and on
my cop on my knob low or not get that
shy got a girl Reba I'll get the car
Bella fuck and what the for better of
the cheetah but the color picker yeah
Patito alright hey guys you know fancy
way to take out your money out of your
ATM today I'm pretty good everything
went smoothly few changes locations but
terrorizing the public you know it's not
not too hard for us so it went great
oh sweet later guys what's up guys
working on this film with Vitaly here
these guys are kick-ass doing some
funny-ass things around here you guys
are gonna love this film when it comes
out check it out shit motherfuckers you
think hobos can't get chicks you wrong
motherfucker we get all kinds of ladies
they just love the beards ladies of the
hobos party no no no please
and that's a rat first week is over it's
a wrap look at this guy
it's a ma he's a model I met him here
today to go check out those ABS oh what
ads there is no ABS what's up dude how
are you and take a picture so you were
scared the first day you met me to ask
for a picture
I go follow me did you quit smoking
cigarettes like I told you what kind of
model smokes cigarettes I don't know but
if you guys want any model if you guys
want to hire him this is the guy you can
find them at Starbucks
there you go by the man I'll sum up put
your bed well good cool bro nice meeting
you
did you kill you killed it I think it's
the only thing we killed out not only if
I don't felt like he killed it you smash
you murdered it you murdered his you
murdered your murder but is that like a
fucking baby man this question what are
you gonna be for Halloween
oh come on as a Roman Wow
we got a big sleeve tattoo yeah God when
I'm going I'm going to I'm go out and
then I get it removed ah I mean that's
words well dude I I'll see you later
hey thanks forever thanks for everything
mmm all right guys it's Friday so I'm
gonna get myself a nice little drink 14
hours days hour we're pretty epic
shooting I didn't get bored once 6 a.m.
to 8 p.m. so that was great so now I am
completely done it's weekend time to
shoot my YouTube video tomorrow time to
get a drink and time to sleep time to
party and time to say goodbye to you
guys see you tomorrow
she's from Odessa Ukraine just like me
and I didn't know this how long you
didn't said everyday yes
