good morning guys we are and us are more
morning the little operation
inspirational speech yeah I always
wanted to do a movie always wanted to do
a movie and if your shot is once in the
lifetime opportunity so would you be the
movies should be late would you wake up
at 6:00 in the morning every day like I
do I'm sure you would but let me tell
you something it's not easier so when I
do this movie you're gonna see it on the
big theater you're gonna sit with your
parents and eat popcorn you're gonna be
like doctor your town you're gonna be
like holy fucking shit I believed in him
and then we all in the same team because
I am I'm gonna do this movie I - Sookie
you gotta see the box office you take
your some rags
Stannis's in the car rolling that's our
truck oh damn I kidding me dude those
manuals dear big boy doing manuals look
at you oh shit John alright so right now
we're dressing up as an LAPD I can't
tell you what we're doing but we've got
the whole uniforms you want to show way
down no look well I'm not wearing that
bill it's your utility belts gonna be
covering your waist as Webb it's not a
bitch dude just make it fit wait okay
good also new Hamill's coconut oil Oh
kids it's hot okay okay listen to me you
get on the ground alright we need backup
your get on the ground
I'm gonna stop shooting up I'm going
home
oh you always wanted to do God you look
like that a shifty cop you look like a
corrupt cop he's on the take man
laughing in mic'd up random yeah getting
my Clippers officers Derleth imaginal
shady-ass kindness hey you ain't my
daughter I got rights to film right I
got rights to filming okay we just got
to downtown Los Angeles and this is our
crew so many people got to be hood shit
all these people this is a movie baby
we're gonna be the cops today you guys
have to work out you'd up yeah we need
backup
it's downtown Los Angeles extreme crusts
of I don't know where we are right now
but I know vercinix to McDonald's pussy
oh yeah that would gone this world fuck
last time right this is a clapper
there's a little fucker he calls in one
more I say motherfucker I got the clap
so you got some of the fucker got that
swagger into the clap did you look oh
yes right
officer Doyle - ha ha we met my friend
officer Doyle and it had a good talk
fish liver in downtown Los Angeles we
just got here I'm wired up and everybody
tells me I look like a crooked cops what
do you guys think we're gonna do pranks
can't tell you what it is well
going to go mess with some people and
it's going to be really really fun I
never really wanted ever to be a cop but
acting as a cop yeah this is going to be
fun telling people what to do but as you
can see in these previous videos if an
orange shirt just a regular tweren't
shirt people will listen to it and do
things you tell them to do but as a cop
don't make me take yourself so you got
to remember that nation door call me mr.
officer Doyle what's your name for us
very very Dago you just hanging
ah it is Barry Hagel is not smooth fish
in moderation one two three miss your I
praise II please your straight face look
at each other
Dennis can do it I can do it oh oh
hard dude everything's gonna fall off
hard Rose not not dude we've got massive
Papa so he's a harder hard roll squeeze
me so I want to see what happens if it
jump up the building just squeeze me
Brooklyn squeeze it hardest me the
Europe actor said you can't know what
they're going on now V yo thank you
Vitelli bye
that's it the shoot went great we just
wrapped up for lunch break I'm about to
continue for parts of the day so that
should be far fun I killed it I killed
it I personally can say I killed it
today and Roman and Danish killed it
lunch break lunch break bro time to get
fat
yo yo yo hey yay don't you hate me get
your camera out of my shot dude break
that thing I'm sorry sir with a smile
right ball yeah there's this Gibbler
walking back from said keep telling the
cops pretty much that somebody stole his
stuff last night so he came up to me
excuse me officer
you know I was an actor
you suck and my backpack got stone
everything got stolen so you pretty
upset tonight
look at her dog socialism
at some book C tally vodka cheers
brother
vodka yeah right I Harrison right across
from Kirk okay so I'll head up that way
see if I can scout please man
all right Joey she makes her look
beautiful mature too bad you see a she's
tipping the shirt just so we good and
then be careful here's mama were you
from San Francisco San Francisco I used
to skateboard I went there two bumps and
hills it's awesome Yeah right man how do
you drive that car it's dangerous right
stick shift especially oh yeah you can't
have sex on the hills doesn't believe ya
I was in play hood dude that came out of
here that's a booger
Tally's crushing it kill rushman are you
baby
oh yeah you drop the soap one so you
don't want to drop it again it's alright
go go go go go
I did I did 25 years since I
the
so subdued dead bro tired yeah so heavy
sighs everything hurts I need a massage
- no I don't happy in it so yeah anagen
slacks yeah I can't tell you for what I
got slap but it's Mack so my whole side
of the face is red and I'm just gonna
relax not being a pussy but we're gonna
let Dennis go we wanted to get a couple
more shots so so we've been filming all
day and black people gave the best
reactions and guess what white people
did they call the cops even though we're
dressed as cops but they're like
thinking because we're doing ridiculous
stuff so anything are the real cops
well we're not so the real cops showed
up they just want to check what's going
on everything's cool and we're about to
wrap up for day two we have half an hour
left and guess what tomorrow is day
number three yeah I'm done for today
dude do this belt watch this my show oh
it's like a stress really because the
belt like I'll take an open ball
okay chocolate thanks brother
thank you very cool you're a sweetie
alright guys that's a wrap for day
number two thanks there's uber cops and
cops are calling us as it were dresses
cops
oh by the way just to clarify I read
some comments when yes siree Bob
I'm not a daily vlogger only vlog
exciting shit like Vegas Miami trips
girls behind the scenes to persist my
moment as this movie this movie so I'm
going to be posting vlogs every day
while we're filming this movie which
over finished filming this movie let me
reward it please
hi my villains dusty Danya and thank you
for watching
busted I know pop in front of me pop
you
you
