what's our villains thank you for coming
back to the blog so I've been back from
Dubai maybe it's been two or three days
and I have major withdrawals from spy
I'm gonna tell you something happen at
the airport on the way back from the by
an accident is not good I have bought
out everyone's like wondering fatality
why do you have the list the tally they
want to get the list Vitaly why do you
talk so weird because I still have metal
in my mouth right now I'm headed to the
doctor to check it out and schedule
another surgery that's right
your boy has to have another surgery
because the gum well I think he's median
if it wasn't about our little F screws
and my jaw my teeth and the gum / / the
metal it's disgusting I know so and then
I have to go to Western unions and money
to my neighbor girl ever barred because
she barred me money when I lost my
wallet I lost my wallet i want i came
back without a wallet
so much going on so much catching up on
and I want to think mama on a vacation
because she deserves it
and promised her so yeah yeah are there
did he just read yeah flame there you
open up bite
what
good bite a little bit off a little bit
here bud yeah I don't know I didn't heal
the way yeah what happened to me bad
news bad news and it would happen to me
my jaw heal bronzed my body's not even
so he says I need a new cat I need a cat
scan and then you do another x-ray and
they might have to re-break the jaw or a
wire shot again into the heels he says
the jaw is you about my bite is not and
I said but I told him that in the
beginning when you took the wires out a
few my buddies I don't know if you guys
know that but every time I grab to go
see a doctor I have to drive an hour
because uh the emergency room was next
to the bull but I have to go get the cat
scan so he's like call and you know find
out so I actually call just now and they
said they can take men right now so
thank you God I don't have to come back
and then come back again and again
another for surgery so hopefully you'll
be able to tell me by the end of this
week what's going on with my job then
after she's like before don't break it
grab - wire shot again I hope you don't
have to break it again imagine know they
might sleep break it again and then have
to heal again
anyway second follow GPS
please don't smoke
oh my god so the source one fracture oh
my god this is this is my crack yeah
that's one crack holy crap
so where'd your where's the metal I
cannot see tonight here's the platon
screws okay so that's what right now
with me Oh guys on this side okay oh wow
that's a huge one that is a good little
crack and yeah this is your other crack
we're here yeah that's the one up here
okay Wow
so this I think this one is kind of
keeping this from all right so good news
so doctor saw my jaw filthy enough so
the doctor saw the cat-scans and he says
it's okay it's normal you draw is even
but your bike is not so he says we can
do two option cut your head open caught
around your neck so I don't damage the
nerves from inside and like adjust the
jaw or wear braces for two years I
didn't even notice that my jaw was
uneven or not in you know my face is
even though I didn't notice that my jaw
my bite was not even what you told me so
like he's up for two years wearing
braces I don't know he says it's never
going to be too late if I ever wanted to
so I just said let's have a surgery
tomorrow
take this medal out I'm done I'm done
I'm done I'm done
I'm tired of the foolish I don't hear
Gillespie till you guys here I talk like
this whatever man
anyways right now I'm headed to lunch oh
no before I'm headed to watch I just
paid my lawyer $3,000 in fees for the
Hollywood sign I'm gonna extend my
community service hours next year till
probably March now I'm headed to lunch
with that Edie Edie Edie Edie I haven't
seen the guy in a while it's time to get
job it's time to work it's time to it's
time to kill it
here is look at it's healthier than ever
you got any well so much weight bro like
gain weight while my pelvis broke in
gaming but look look at this Oh Tony's
still recovering from the bye look at
that got his birthday happy belated
rough we celebrated good yeah oh look at
this ooh oh my god just spent some time
with my mom I felt so good I didn't want
to vlog on anything I just well I went
there took a nap okay so tomorrow she's
gonna pick me up early morning for my
surgery and a lot of people been asking
me a lot of them people have been like
crazy like oh oh my god the tally can't
believe you did that video about oh I
just had to get it off my chest but even
the fake pranks there's all shit all
like the heat went down help I guess I
brought it back up and people trying to
response to me hilarious hilarious they
should be lucky that I give them a shout
outs anyways as for the village the
people that actually love me that
actually love back there watching me
let's talk about us a little bit fuck
haters fuckin bi anyways I don't want to
take my mom to Philippines for her
holiday Philippines for New Year's she
tried to fix my passport so basically
Dubai gave me an X on my passport what
it was flying back because it looked
like shit
my bad and my mom's I come bring it over
I'll fix it I glue it the wars but she
did iron in the past but it looks nice
but it's ridiculous to renew a Russian
passport things for months sympathy nail
this week India and then Philippines I
have to take my loss of summer to
vacation
I promised her all year felt that I've
been traveling everywhere buh buh buh
and I need take her one thing more so
I'm gonna figure out what I'm going to
take her and new year dies there
tomorrow against some weight all of you
guys been asking me about transformation
transformation I want to update you to
speak the transformation for me they can
work out I didn't get the results I
wanted I broke my jaw I don't want to
make excuses actually was I lost a lot
of weight then I gained back once I
found out I could eat because I was
finally so hungry I can eat food again
and yeah should I stop blogging but yeah
so long story short 2017 I'm tired of
just working out lifting weights like a
freakin robot I'm gonna sign up for some
like classes like client insane classes
and just do some hardcore training I
want to I want to switch up my body on
the holes Ben same diet starts tomorrow
diet service tomorrow that's all been
asking me where the villain has shirts
merchandise I'm working on that better
got to update you guys what's been
happening in my life and now I want you
guys to come and tell where are you from
what country are you from
please let me know in the comments below
thank you guys so much for watching this
log please give it a big thumbs up and
if you're wondering why my lips are so
red it's because I actually got my metal
out this is after surgery it's the
Korean day and you guys going to see how
the surgery went tomorrow so thanks for
your support thank you thank you give it
a thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow
let's do that
