what's up guys we're here and we're
ready for makeup mix makeup nick is
about to show up we got cashmere
Christian we got the makeup ladies hello
what's your name
Annie say hi any hotel I know you stop
mom subdennis that is going to be
filming with Kevin so we're gonna put
the guts on Nick Nick should be here any
minute
all right and look who it is Nick what
up did L yeah so we're gonna have you
met Kevin have you met Nick this is Nick
did he's gonna he's the star of the show
yeah we watched the video I just show
you he just showed me a clip I cannot
wait for you guys to see this prank my
mom you were amazing like it's so yeah
yeah we're gonna show it so yeah we need
a pillow a big color we can wrap in
plastic so you can lean on I'm leaning
Walter oh if you'd be two pillows if I'm
okay so yeah so this is day two shoot
sorry I already have the clips ready
kind of half of the video so we're gonna
watch that yeah you like that rusty look
at this this guy's
so we're putting the guts now so holiday
figure to make this um probably bout
five or six hours yesterday Wow and what
is it made out of just some materials
I'm sure different things latex gelatin
there's some towels wrapped in latex
this looks so professional I can't
describe it because we are professional
oh yeah she's the best so what do you
think mom realistic so scaring
disgusting yeah we can't let the dog
because the dog is gonna start eating
yeah he's a flesh eater stop here yeah
Jeff on last night Phil Matier yeah
what's your bun total your one your
mother makes Antonis dance now
spell the last name is si and tio n is
GA SSO call so check out his lines guys
they're amazing that's how I discovered
him to the Divine's the one and only one
so if you guys wondering what kind of
masks are used I use the Texas Chainsaw
Massacre mask I didn't think it would be
that great on camera but I actually
turned out pretty awesome I thought it
looked too fake but this mask is
actually pretty awesome
using an white apron just like in the
movie
blue jeans with blood on it so just
regular blue jeans white shirt that's
not going to be white anymore after 10
minutes and regular boots just regular
boots from Home Depot what are you doing
we are currently soaking up the elevator
with blood covering it wall to ceiling
boo boo
they're filming it for six hours now Oh
where's the six seven yes
look at this we're not even done yet I'm
just gonna be scary look I think we have
enough blood Nick
you killed it raw thank you yes crazy
you like that where do you think I
should it's crazy you know if you can't
see you the light today I don't even
know God it is buddy make sure you guys
go follow him the links are in
description his vine his Instagram his
Twitter tell him how good he did because
he did awesome he killed it and if you
guys want to work with him you can hire
him through the description and stuff so
thanks again thank you guys and thanks
for watching and sharing this video and
once again Nick you destroyed it
alright guys here you got that is that
into job father this is awesome
you're gonna be seen everywhere
after this video goes up it wasn't me
calling you up one dude I want you for
this movie once you're this TV show oh I
just good Direction is awesome she
killed it killed the hanging shot he
just went no complain even complain that
to it he's like let's go he's telling
Austria ha ha ha I've had ceded by
condition and it's not funny he almost
got killed he got how many stitches you
got in your head 10 staples for fun
