okay since I had to be at the office in
the morning I couldn't end in my vlog so
this is guys fault I had to go sleep but
- oh you go to sleep it - yeah you do it
all night out at dinner and movies sexy
yeah so today we're doing some improv
classes for this movie Romans trying to
be an improv comedy Rockstar white Kevin
Hart dude screw you buddy
yeah lunch time baby that's your dive
bro
you know what guy starts to movie that
was about to grab a sword up my hand is
shaking huggers okay thank you I'll
probably you daughter how you're just
kidding lol what stop Danny's bro
keep eating fat boy
I'll pick the little dude up that's
where David saw you carry this group of
them like that's funny visually that's
funny
we get a little citizen like scoop come
in random in didn't see you there you're
back back in hey Dennis
yo what's up what's up what's up so
we're leaving right now we're done for
today and we have to be here tomorrow
again for look good 11:00 to 5:00 and
we're actually gonna be casting models
Playboy models and he was trying to
sneak up on me what rock to fakie
do it for the law do it for the bull
imagine teeth first or that metal you
know just because you done just because
you're doing this I'm gonna do - whoa my
turn my turn I'm doing tomorrow what
I'll transition the chair you can bow my
turn my turn
okay wait what's this equipment there my
negro and I've logged in the whole time
so Dennis and I just got back from my
food foods we've been shopping on these
the really hope this is the best this is
the best I know it's microwave they're
gonna say it's bad and all put on the
stove cook it up in perfect portions
yeah we're about to go to the gym at
6:30 we just got out of the meetings and
I'm gonna go so hard yeah I got so much
I don't I'm not angry
just so much she's gonna pitch some
wannabe show that's right I'm not gonna
tell you but I got try today I could
have met somebody that if I told you
this thing's like yeah you because I'll
tell you guys made it when I meet the
person actually just got out the gym did
how was your work
the workout was amazing I'm actually
sweating for the first time at the gym
because actually the Stairmaster for 20
minutes so now we're just gonna head it
back we're thinking about a massage but
no massage time to edit the vlogs for
you
time to chill and get ready for another
still you call this studio thank you
guys so much for watching
dennis is asleep now you start from the
gym he's in that little room where it's
the action room and hopefully you guys
enjoyed my skating today with Roman I
busted my ass that Roman did you know
he's gonna start skating with that chair
which is awesome I'm gonna try it
tomorrow hopefully I don't bust my ass
but anyways thanks for watching and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
that's me Tanya an online store meaning
here with three chicks one of them is a
Playboy model one of them two of them
regular models and they just advertised
for my store this is basically Mattel
and they're
