what's up guys I'm starting this vlog in
the office with Elite daily guys what's
up guys
yo yo so they're doing an interview on
me I guess it's gonna turn out pretty
good it's gonna be on YouTube right I'm
gonna be able to share awesome but I
just wrapped up my interview and now I'm
headed to my house they're gonna do a
mini MTV Cribs and South Christian
people
what up villains what up dudes so yeah
they're gonna do a medium TV creepers on
me I'm gonna show them the camera as
they used how I started recording my
laptops my editing base and stuff should
be pretty fun so we just got to my house
and we're gonna do a mini MTV Cribs with
their lead an you guys look on red - I'm
gonna be on red this is my first time on
red how does that make you feel
showing the red you on the first time
right why isn't my yellow wise it has to
be red so yeah I'm gonna show a little
behind the scenes for that - this is my
crib
apartment two bedroom two bath where
should I start
let's go to the bank so make things
messy my personal bed I like where
sometimes
fellow youtubers Dennis really needs
sorry Dennis so this is my future play
button for a million subscribers that I
got for my main channel vitalyzdtv oh
yeah it's bigger than me and everything
this is it and I just had subscribers on
my second channel where did behind the
scenes in the vlogs so another one
coming my way how many of those have
been given out like how many people have
those so yeah pretty much I just like to
check up on my highest view sometimes so
my full screen so yeah this is pretty
much all my videos like I said my
kissing girls in the beach has almost 43
million gold digger 40 almost Miami
zombie 29 then my lambo 18 so I just
like to scroll through these and just
see how they're doing and stuff like
that and just room and just remember the
days when I used to have 15,000 views
and I have easiest so but yeah I would
have an online store mean a queue with
three chicks one of them is a Playboy
model one of them two of them for
regular models and they're just
advertised for my store this is
basically Mattel in their booty and
instead of Mattel it's Natali's and
instead of bread it's a booty with a
butter knife and these are my Natalia
shirts here you can get a close-up with
that I have phone cases put your number
on my phone which works great for guys
that one not talked to girls and just
had them put their number in my phone
because you walk up to a girl you just
give her the phone with the phone case
and they think it's cute all
motherfucker
without even kill it of a no without it
I missed it I this never happens' guys I
don't have bugs in my place but maybe
closing the door come on guys come on
and his life in here okay that's a fly
how could you let this go out go beyond
you behind you Freyr you might wear yeah
Wow
it's like crippled already can't fly
anymore she'll let you watch you let him
out reach for them I can kill him you
want yeah look it up he's already
injured or you open the window let him
out but we can do both versions you know
what no come on no fly out right now
I'm giving you five seconds oh and this
is how you talk to flies so just think
up to my house and we're headed to the
movies we're gonna go see equalizer with
all I know and this is that and then we
got chocolate yeah we're so cute yeah
we're gonna be a couple friends that
we're gonna enjoyed the movie so we just
got to the Grove and it's beautiful
you're something that's so romantic you
guys going to the movie that felt like
Huckabee Tally's never all
with any any girls of the movie that's
how I work how this work we ride
together before the boys ride together
Florida boy it's 3:05 so I used to hate
popcorn but this guy tells me the
popcorn is a healthy snack second
healthiest now is this really second I
didn't eat dinner tonight so I'm
probably gonna even have a nice pop
point because I had so much chocolate
tonight I like three bars what's up
homie G bro has everything so we just
left the smoothie and it was is I it's a
dead Denzel Washington water what'd you
think about the movie the best movie
I've seen in 20 years not sponsored
that's watch they're gonna do 20 20
years why what did you see when you were
eight
- now was eight I saw the Titanic
well you've been an action-adventure
bluebies good peer blog this
we have to switch it
hi boys and girls were about to destroy
some food bro Sonia fish or chicken
chicken chicken bar I see you guys peace
out homey gene you know I didn't say bye
to yesterday thanks again to see you you
might you buy Miss Texas BAM
well this was our night it's a short-ass
law because I'm allowed to yo homie we
got the bill bill yesterday you paid for
us for our dinner
I have three nipples dude I don't know
if I should show the camera my throat
sure I'll tell you when I'm in better
shape I'll show the camera my third
nipple but until then stay classy San
Diego
until then stay classy San Diego
all right homie G slices we're gonna end
the night yeah three guys and one block
yeah maybe but yeah so today was really
fun and I'm actually doing a thing and
you blog tomorrow so check out that look
at me they think it's gonna be my 4th
log in the row Wow anyways that's udon
yeah
