what's up villains homie G slices how
are you guys doing okay cuz I'm doing
great
right now I'm headed to the gym to lift
my triceps to my little boobies and I
know it's a late start in the vlog cuz
it's already dark out but because I
edited two videos today I edited my new
prank behind the scenes to the prank and
yesterday's vlog and if you guys think I
like the new prank I'm sorry but like
you wanted classic Battaglia going
around pissing people off and that's
what I did with Roman so if you don't
like it I don't know I don't know I'm
sob or whatever anyways so yeah I don't
know if you guys know this usually when
I Drive I like to shoot people while I'm
driving just to do a drive-by shooting
so I just got out of the gym and I ended
up here with Justin Santiago I pulled my
leg oh yeah my brother is like he's
showing me this he showed me this
hilarious video where Christiano Ronaldo
slaps him and I have to show you guys
this because this is actually pretty
funny I hope you guys see that I'm so
you do that shit he wished you did it to
his team oh really
what happened like this week's it was
why'd you do to this team
dude I was lost I don't know by the time
he sees this it'll be too late
Cristiano Ronaldo were coming so we were
just talking about surfing and this came
up do you guys know what this is he's
not gonna open it for you but tell him
what it is basically may see you this
would be an error here tell them about
the video you remember that video back
to the future everybody thought it was
fake this is actually the board getting
ready to launch the 2015 September 2015
how much is it how much this cost this
is about 350 because this is a prototype
like this you know recognize you in the
street now they're gonna kill you yeah
be able to see be careful guys this is a
real I mean he has to go work on the
music video
early early work early work don't make
him donuts while I'm about to eat food
what are we doing it's got room service
what are we heroes my diet starts
tomorrow starts small right where does
all this starts tomorrow all right guys
we just ate and we're going to those a
shame looks but we're going to millions
and milkshakes both first time
you're gonna enjoy but we're gonna get
some metallic milkshake tell me is that
your not your milkshake bring all the
girls to the yard so what'd you get bro
look what we did look gorgeous dead bro
we came back here Nutella Snickers got
Reese's Pieces on the phone double
Nutella Ferrero strawberry and banana
and what'd you get
I got a mega strawberry I've got some
chocolate good dude what are we doing
bro thanks for everything
look what he just gave me what is this
you say bottle you saw nyet thank you
bro look come on oh all right guys we
leading sent to yoga spot bro he was
awesome right Hey and we can't believe
you gotta give us the spot I think it's
gonna be a fun vlog this is a fun vlog
you uh hopefully but yeah he hooked us
up with the bottles now we're going back
home I'm gonna edit this vlog for you
guys and hopefully vlog tomorrow again
so I'm gonna add this log right now and
yes I know it's light outside because I
just woke up it was a late night for me
but I'm gonna have another vlog for you
guys tomorrow so thanks for watching and
that's Dania
