let the vlog begin ooh
you can see it's metallic dude there's
something to vlog now look at that we
got our mini Rams bill I show them first
first dry Mondays first dry Mondays do
something sick first dry Mondays I know
they don't really want to seal in
anything
what do you know what you're gonna do a
rock to fakie all right let me do my
first try Fridays I'm gonna try to do
sorry I'm sorry I'm embarrassed if my
legs are still limp
what's closed who was the guy he built
the ramp for Bam Margera that's crazy
yeah for all the Jackass nitrous is the
Super's Scotty Scotty fresh bread so
green pre-production for our movie and
this is all because this is what we do
all day every day
yeah
nice bro
alright alright guys
Tally's doing it for the vlog doing it
for the vlog first how about there's no
thinking about it when you think that's
when you fail just go almost have no
feet no feet
cheese no feet you cheap Indian style go
sit on your knees Marcus your feet are
making me stop because your brain is
telling you not to let go backwards
engage there's a way
really so we just got to Roman's place
the office was the office was it wasn't
productive today yeah we just gue
thought yes now we're gonna eat lunch
made by Brittany Smith that would never
say hey what's up dude say anyways we're
gonna eat that we're gonna go to Venice
Beach to finish my new prank and I'm not
gonna tell you what it is guys but it's
gonna be pretty violent it's gonna be
pretty pretty violent what's up dude
let's go crash I got you
this is mom yeah dude
so Roman and I just got to Venice Beach
for Lionel it's like 4:00 p.m. already
like wasted half a day by eating
relaxing anyways so we're filming right
now at Venice Beach and we're on the
roll the first reaction I got of Roman
you're coming has got me through don't
put you around la hell yeah let's take a
big alright guys we just wrapped up our
shoot we did Roman get almost knocked
out three times I got knocked out almost
you but I hadn't like that almost two
times yesterday so I'm just collecting
reactions so this video is officially
done I feel like they feel like cuz I'm
smaller they don't go as hard would you
do they look like they're ready to kill
because they have to oh like they know
one shop I'm probably fucking screaming
dude that drone reaction yesterday was
crazy so anyways so yeah now we're going
back to Roman so we're given to a little
photo shoot with my new DSLR whoa-oh-oh
kind of photo shoot each other you know
yeah you guys are hating you guys hate
on my previous vlog rad the girls half
naked was shooting at him you think I
was showing off and stuff but really
they were just models for my website so
now I'm gonna shoot for this ramen with
my shirt hope you enjoy them wouldn't be
more opposite of a photo shoot what
might a little kid and yeah like they're
gonna enjoy that more probably your kid
and just you just being you so anyways
yep
this is me vlogging so we just stopped
at my house really quick to change -
they smell like shit well I thought I
smelled like shit you didn't change then
picked up my new DSLR I'm just excited
to shoot with that and now we're at
Target shopping
looks like your closet with my claw hat
that Alex Mandela's closet - are you
getting what kind of rum oh we're making
homemade peanut colada stomata my mom's
drinking that shit
but they say you don't drink anymore
what happened oh it's a special occasion
bro especially celebrate international
price oh so right now we're at the photo
shoot that I was talking about with my
new camera and cane okay what's up you
ready
oh you don't give it to you put it on
love you scared so I'm gonna take a
creep pretty creepy picture I love this
camera this quality is amazing so did
you guys my skating skills how much I
suck at it do we need a goal and all
those tricks that we tried today and I
need to do my wheelchair the wheelchair
is good
I should hurt my leg really but oh look
at that bruise holy crap I'm just being
a wussy yeah
alright guys some leaving enrollments
and I'm headed to the gym I need a nice
little quick workout I haven't worked
out a thing in the week after I come
back from Vegas I just don't feel like
working out anymore I don't know why is
this kind of motivation but yes so I'm
gonna go work out the little biceps back
and I'm filming again tomorrow so yeah
all right homie G slices villains thanks
for watching I just got back from the
gym and obviously it doesn't look like I
lifted a lot because I'm not sweating
but I did I think I did was i it was a
hard workout alright anyways once again
that's Danielle what'd you think about
the phone Oh enough enough it's too much
