the tallies got a new job on set are you
ready for tomorrow yes are you all over
my butt hey what's up my name is Andy
I'm from San I'm from Gilroy California
which we got Jays Gilroy sitting there
man paparazzi over here really and then
yes you at the beach this is my first
time in Venice Beach probably in I don't
know how long like maybe like six months
five months yeah so this dude was
driving from Gilroy wishing for me to to
meet me here hell yeah thanks bro
enjoy the shirt thank you
you got a spider I do
it's crazy ya know the bigger the oh the
bigger the hole so what happened I'm
saying it's like being held up by the
fucking pavement
look at that somebody's taking care of
their limbo very well look at that
parking job it's gonna suck if they like
those formats for you pull forward yeah
are they follow me but we're not nut
tuck I'm not talking shit it's a nice
car but why would you take care of it
like that
so I'm just sitting in traffic for an
hour and a half we finally got out of
the car yeah now it's a little lunch
break to fuel these muscles chases
chicken arms chase me we need to start
lifting me bro tomorrow let's do this
come on bro you know you're 31 bro guess
why you 31 bro
you look like a 14 year old kid how
about that right on my camera what you
got to say you say back then good ah I
love chase come on you know I'm that
mean let's see you mama a lot of five
are--those we got some nice salads look
at that yes and chase Thanks and I got a
salad oh no it's great thank you and
chase got the burger because his little
arse you think I need a fat enough if
you want to see his workout playing go
to his chase logs
what's a chancer that's tomorrow
right there hi guys so we just got here
but before I say her congratulate
congratulation I'm proposing to her bra
he was sure the guys bust the lock so
yeah we're just chillin it was awkward
for him no he probably was like yeah
he's like I know who you are so we have
to go hiking over this Jude is dudes
committing suicide up there jump dude
nobody likes you dude just do it I just
liked your last YouTube video that's
what he killing yourself go for it bro
do it it's all good in the hood
all right anyways go back to here nobody
cares about him on this set we're just
walking up hiking towards the other side
of the beach so we can shoot some sexy
photos and get naked this is beautiful
in windy that views amazing view is
seriously forgettable awesome it's great
alright so we finally got to the spot
and did you light is that okay or no
what's going on over there to my tush do
I need to hold my thing the reflector do
you have any like really can be a really
a fucking sad shot while they're not
against the rock it's just the light you
round two photoshoot hi Chelsea give me
that look like you want it come on yes
that's what I need come on everybody's
recording everybody Chase is getting
ready to work we're all that's the chase
I like to see it beautiful keep snapping
those figs bro love you show them how
it's done
excuse me we'll have a big button the
way can you see Chelsea Chelsea where
are you
they didn't see these teams asses in the
way can't even look for the fine you all
your hair what you think about the fun
ah enough enough it's too much ass to
handle they're not gonna know what to do
are you enjoying this shoot Chelsea
we're all good people work the girl I
want to see some sexy faces come on
camel toe JK lol
all right guys so tomorrow's the last
day of us shooting this photo shoot and
I'm gonna get these girls halfway naked
from my main cover of my wife website
it's gonna be awesome they're willing to
good we're awesome one of them is a
Playboy model one of them is a model and
another one is it bear that's coming
against a model she loves that you naked
she's gonna be fun it's gonna be a lots
of Nutella - it's gonna be in the studio
I'm gonna be closed off no way to see us
and we're gonna have fun in the tella
but it's gonna be an Italian team work
again
so you're not a model anymore Chelsea
you're gonna be reflector holy yeah baby
sleeping blind the camera with that I'm
so professional guys I'm just wandering
around playing soccer and stuff but now
this is gonna be a cool ass shoot he's
gonna be fun I love it whether there's a
wedding on the beach
it's pretty awesome damn I love
California guys do you guys like
California it's definitely better than
Florida this Florida is just really
really really really hot painting why
anyway anyhow you want to see the girl
she thinks she's gonna get hit by a wave
she's really scared and screaming and
spelling chase hurry up in your hair
yeah I think she's gonna hit my wave and
fall over it we will save you Christine
Christine and I will say if you need how
could I let you go five villains if you
thought this vlog was hot with these
ladies you should go check out my feet a
lazy DTV store.com
these ladies are actually naked don't
believe me go see for yourself and also
got these badass Natali's shirts so you
should go order one now thank you guys
so much
Bessie Tonya
