were you at right now dude I'm in your
new car ah shit ah work our work our
baby we got the orange lambo and we're
gonna go see if we can break some gold
diggers again was this a goal good luck
a lot of a lot of doesn't 12 it number
Oh sexy let me see maybe I should go for
a test run good so I think this cop car
might be faster than mine I don't know
it's right there it's right there now I
know what it sounds I don't know the
sounds like my just sounds dirty this
sounds like every said alien ship trying
to add something an alien time
so guys I just picked up my sugar mama
over here hey why yeah she just bought
me the car isn't she nice sugar mama I
only have to see her once a week and
look what happens
do me pretty good that yeah I'm gonna
pop some tags only got twenty dollars in
my pocket this is fucking awesome nice
see if you guys can win a her phone
number it's on Craigslist I'm not gonna
tell you her name you have to go find it
it's Marchetti but don't tell her
all right so yeah anyway she's gonna
help us out with the video we're gonna
go find some gold diggers
just fail at the first bubble Roman
we've been there for like 45 minutes
nothing just the Sun just a suntan
that's all we got
so we're gonna drive around and find a
better location and people telling me
I'm driving like a cow well this car was
made to drive a cow nobody said like a
cafe what does that mean no truck all I
know is milk comes from skinny cows
skinny milk skim over the pelvis low-fat
milk just with scooty cows we're hungry
really hungry right now
I mean Robinette we're zinc juice - same
logs but - from - point of views it's
not a better year let's do it for real
right honey yeah so we're doing two
blogs from two point of view C's the
shit's blurry yeah why why don't you buy
a new camera it's brand new this is a
new one I got a new one
oh no I mean like all because of the
glass yeah yeah you want to see Batali's
vlog you to his channel yeah and if you
want to see Romans vlogging on his
channel it's Roman Atwood vlogs it's the
same it's a seven thousand second same
vlog just different angles might be a
little different because I might get a
little crazy throughout the shows he
shows talking balls my show family
this place is beyond beautiful damn
alright alright alright just made a
stuff I'm Malibu beach dude this up
Malevich gasp not even know if we're
running out of gas or not but I want to
I checked it
but I don't really trust these cars so I
don't know some reliable beautiful yeah
but I think guess what
sounds cocky as it is my car's faster
dude one day you again are we're going
to rent this I'm going to take my jag
for a full day we're gonna go race it
I'm gonna prove it for everybody
yeah maybe they do something with these
cars see her to 100 real quick so Roman
and I just had a do those are you go
with that you go with a photo shoot we
just made the guy take the gays photos
ever which is awesome yes let's do it so
we just got two nice romantic dinner
would you know yet look at the data it's
amazing
so no no but you like this kind of food
or watch one such as play ball the whole
world's get in is the time okay so I
just got home I dropped roaming off and
look who shows up what do you want I'm
just kidding this case I love Luke you
know we're not kissing in the lips
anyways ah so yeah did you see the
Brinkley film today with the sugar mama
oh so I'm going to be editing the prank
right now and it's going to be uploaded
tomorrow which is right now today as
you're watching the video is up come
here look how does look hold these
fingers Vitaly World Cup
I want the World Cup oh yeah oh yeah
look at that fit huh yeah I'm just still
like on a road lift this is actually
guys it's chocolate should be not not no
you know you're in a diet that's
tomorrow no no no we said yes hundred
lower less haunted Shores laughs yeah it
looks so good and quality's amazing yeah
I love Aussies of salt so nice she's
trying to upsell so alright guys thank
you so much for watching my silly vlogs
thank you for all the support you've
been showing me thank you for everything
and sorry for this short vlog and I'm
only get a vlogger thing like when I do
something fun like I went to Brazil got
the Lambo we start shooting the movie
I'm gonna vlog a lot more than but you
know I feel like my life is boring you
know except when I party I think it's
fun but anyways guys thank you so much
for the support thank you thank you
thank you
dasvidaniya we're gonna get hit by a
brick
okay
