what's up my like a smiley CMOS it's day
three and real day for Indra how do you
know what day of the week was it I had
visit I hadn't said five ever vlog and
at the end of every vlog and nothing
like this because this just tell them
the way out the way a vlog and how I
vlog I have maybe right now about a
hundred clips and I don't know because
some of the time I was wasted in that
but the rest of the trip I'm going to
take it easy
I want to vlog I walk I just
why you smiling take it easy every night
I'm gonna take it easy cuz I'll show
them what you show them the damages the
what damages and dark disgusting you
there's a lot of damages in this
apartment I went to damage to you two
girls but ample fuck what's up what's up
with your pimple I have pimples now that
shit hurts out here like humidity here
gets you so we decided to stop by by his
a neighborhood country yes
we got who good I got she Shanna give it
I got tea this is a pretty cool
experience we get to drink some chai
chai howdy say in your language
gosh I was a choice I tried people do
say shy but we say shy everybody's
wondering why these guys blogging like
literally he takes the camera vlogs and
I do the same thing they're like so some
half of the people just thinking we're
talking to ourselves we're crazy
and while you're looking over there now
oh my god like an eddy I'm smoking
raspberry hook oh we got double apple I
don't like double apple
go man so men come in
now motherfucker
Hey
you
brand-new day we real this guy out for
we're going to cheese's he lived here
for 15 years and you have a good in
years this is my first time back you
lived here for 15 years this first I'm
going I dragged them out the view is not
probably going to be the best view
because it's cloudy but we're gonna see
what we can get so instead of taking the
train we took a bus with the rough
minivan to go up there this is one we're
gone
what happened is that this king
now this Laurie's white we wanted to
give this book to president so he quit
or it made important choice for all the
members so literally seconds away from
going to the crisis and it's cloudy can
I guess shit came at the wrong dates
been raining almost every day while I
was here came with the wrong time
whoo we're going to heaven bunch of
cheeses we're gonna go visit cheese's
and come back to earth guys guys I have
to show you this view it's amazing I'm
amazing
we did see nothing man we're still
walking upstairs though so we knew you
never know maybe we'll look at the
different side probably going a little
amazing you Olivia you guys ready to see
Jesus you guys ready to see Jesus okay
here you go
he's right there let me see
so I did not know that they have a
meeting charge here right under right
under the cheese's and believe it or not
guys and we can ask this guy I'm brave
I'm a witness I did see my money I
prayed yes and put all a very good
feeling for all of us I wish you guys
all the best I know this sounds strange
because you guys see me as a party
animal you don't see a soft side of me
but yeah you lightly you know feel
lighter after Ukraine that's so it's
it's it's good for you you know when you
have a great experience especially when
you under Jesus Christ you know yeah
it's amazing filming the cheese's
finally came back oh look he's going
away again
at night literally house out of the
night huh giggles at night it looks like
a little late Jesus like light if the
cheese's literally looks like he's
flying bird it's crazy
flying to earth and the clouds go
through it and it's lit up at night it's
amazing but the crowds are going crazy
it's finally getting kind of sunny
outside but we should my gonna be able
to see the whole city whoo finally clear
it's finally clear it's amazing maybe I
don't have to come back tomorrow it's a
little bit clearing up but you can't
really tell but the cheese's is clear so
I didn't know that I heard you can go
inside the Jesus and go on the shoulder
so we're working on that right now
I'm probably gonna come back here we
will try to do that what the hell is
this it's a hostage so what it burns
right he's gonna burn you like you can
you hold it wrong
why what does it do to your diet can you
dice did you die with this mousse well
are you wandering on the field yeah I'm
out of this is what I do for a living
I'm a prankster on YouTube now take a
picture the guys so this is so descent
this is the field I'm gonna have fun on
the final match
do anything crazy on the final national
cruise I'm just gonna drink a beautiful
damn look at that now amazing this your
first time in Rio what's up bro all he's
like Sofia yeah from Germany huh yes so
right now we're gonna literally see you
the taxis gonna rip us off so tell me
what this lady said until the taxi
driver he's gonna see his speaking
English he's gonna think we're not from
here which are not but barely he know I
guess papers oh yeah i'm resigned so
he's going to try to take the left home
country Galu its little up the street
right yeah to go all the way around you
know to make more money but if it does
that we're gonna fuck him up because I'm
gonna talk in Portuguese with him and
tell him that he was supposed to make a
right to go to so let's see if taxi
drivers in Rio rip you up a corrupt what
happened to taxi what a motherfuck tried
to rip us off he'll just like the ladies
sing
just kidding laden honest guy Mariana's
and I tell her he's very honest very
folks a ginchy boy yeah
even say before anything to take the
fastest way so we don't go all the way
around you know so just he can make more
money so they don't have big nutella's
here in Brazil yes that's what you told
me Nutella is really not popular it's
not laughter so we have to get this a
nice little a full box of Nutella
why because Brazilian booties are way
too big and we need if we need to cover
them up properly correct I agree with
you and I'm teaching you how to do it
tonight
you're gonna teach me in I went I want
to learn I want to learn man
so me and Arthur and his British friends
are drinking here and we had a homeless
guy play this how can you say but how
does your holding secures monies does it
make moments
here's a credit card - oh so my friend
crazy - yeah
this guy's crazy this guy paid our bill
listen we are giving your money back yes
we are giving him every penny back right
now so where we are Budweiser we're at a
bottle I the party I'm getting filled we
all getting filmed what is while I'm
filming her eh it's just filming eyes
it's not a picture nice kiss kiss kiss
kiss with the cameras oh I met this guy
looks like tonight Anna yeah this guy is
fucking cool I'm gonna watch you I get
even on my video so that's why I like
7507 affinity started
welcome to resin
Oh
Thank You say fuck you Vitaly what I
love you fucking fetus Batali Paul say
you get working off man fuck you
what would happen if I want to reward to
the worst favela where the City of God
was filmed and like what does it take to
get shot see presentation on my tray
surah my Anna
yeah till monte de favela Kino places on
Rizzo no break area she judged the Dells
yes see that he's asking what the fuck
you want to go there 3:00 in the morning
fucking snapping pictures like if I go
up there
can I interview drug dealers just see
see my favela and pay in interest our
interest our canossian in Travis Tantra
Vista persona que vende drogas oh no
para fuzzy is was it Akiko ACO Granger
favela
okay I mean he fucking like know the
fucking for Elmo I mean get his number
de numeral good boy me I don't know see
you say there is number le a loco
obrigada
terrorist
you
