what's up villains welcome to another
vlog and I know you're like wow Batali's
hair is so beautiful that's why I'm
gonna marry her she did it this morning
I'll hold this trip my hair sucked and
she's like let me do it for you we got
Tony here you saw what's up hey what's
up so we are going to the farm right now
Rashid but for us the money kicks becae
his showroom I got his showroom is built
we come here to check it out just say
what's up and the meetup is in a couple
hours so I'm super stoked and if one
person shows up oh well I understand
that's what happens when you're not
uploaded for that long so I mean we'll
see here we go look at this beautiful
light this is the earliest ever been I
usually come here when it's dark
oh nice nice hey baby
hey how are you what's up bro how are
you a long time no see nice to see you
thanks for inviting us over once again
thank you thank you thank you this is so
nice
oh hey baby but if I put the finger will
bite me right yeah
oh my God look at the dick it's hard how
much camel milk did you give this yeah I
gotta know if it's gonna jump to the 30
that's fine oh that's good
what's up BAM boom but they're dangerous
right what did they do they kill you
they can kill you yeah really
Oh Keith Keith what up how are you thank
you thank you for having me bro yeah
good I come in uh go bar this is a Tony
so many come here Rashid ah okay because
here Patti cause yeah this
kids
oh how are you baby you're so cute we
can squeeze me probably never we oh look
at the hand I know I should you turn
yeah for your buddy crash you came at
the brook oh you came really Sally Oh me
like this I see really so hard
Sally how do you get a general license
huh Oh how'd you get your driving nice
pot it she ray she will bring your
drivers he's septic
no yes find anything it
who's that who's Jaguar is that hashtag
okay yeah what I chose the time are you
gonna open the door
oh there they they went off the function
we don't want em to make their bonus cut
you wanted it yeah tell me which ones no
no no no no do it when you actually go
serious
hello inside I'll go you just said I say
can I go inside what they're gonna do to
me you said we can do what you want to
go right
oh yeah sure yeah okay now which one
will kill me all of them even this one
little little wussy Jacuzzi Jacuzzi time
hello hello baby how are you
I think yesterday you holiday yeah well
over where'd you come from
oh okay mister money kicks where we
going why don't you tell them what's up
welcome to watch me through sneaker oh
okay I'll because I've been here it's
like three times and I never seen the
sneak I seen a sneaker room but I
haven't seen a small one so what was
this before just about oh you guys just
build this from scratch
uh-uh you're ready Tony you sneak your
head out yeah Wow like this tell me a
little bit about your collection tell me
your best tell me most exclusive huh the
most expensive software in the world
robber bobba bobba yeah the most
expensive soccer player in the world he
gave me a game worn 14 the words watch
it was my gift
Wow what's it comes with this bug wait
lady he's most offensive soccer player
the way so why should I keep million
what about Cristiano Ronaldo no no no
what you movie place work wow this is
that - I know and before are you serious
baby chimpanzee
oh wow maybe something is so awesome
these are the Jordan one see all
different colors Wow essica yeah
forgive me this here you um fetch I
became good buddies you guys he opened
up he was amazed by your showroom right
yeah no I can see he actually yeah
humble thank you
oh stop we find this forty of Madrid
full team
yeah of Cristiano I've been Zima I
pulled ball when he was in Jupiter's do
you know what's crazy that when me and
him went in the Los Angeles meet Chelsea
party yeah we had a party yeah the whole
I almost most of the team knows me the
Apollo minutes like that the gold leads
me Oh Chelsea
no way yeah he knows like Italian club
which like you know what's the gold or
Baha'i to people I can't say his name
it's prefer why did you wonder closes
hey great you're on the way to a million
Rami subscribers eww it wasn't a big
push
this does not last 4,000 uh that but
guys the link is in the description I
want you guys to go show some love show
some love and maybe we'll do a giveaway
later where we fly out a fan a fan to
fly and do an ultimate experiment kicks
house Charlotte this is the new way to
feed your eyes
whoa uh you guys build this you guys
just keep building stuff this is sick so
they know that I'm gonna feed them not
be careful yeah you're making out with
them threesome
haha d-david leave my service yes
did you change your baby's diapers Oh
princess Oh what are you scared of me oh
oh this morning down ah
get up boy boy good when you carry her
joke area she will definitely know if
you carry her she will go down what do
you feed yogurt is um maybe food set it
up followed real baby food yeah I send
her to you okay no everybody okay give
your hand like you trying to hug her yes
just hang stay yes good girl kiss you
baby I don't want to just look just
wanna make up now you can do that you'll
show your thumb if you go on her face
good say I don't only wake make out with
woman I'm a coward monkey that's cute
oh you wanna stick the kiss was that
good this was again and then you wonder
why they stick around you thirsty
I'm not opening this for you what it's
open Wow
hey okay okay enough you gotta get drunk
okay so make a hole with the teeth
always just trying yeah this look you
guys you need to thumbs up
this guy's pranking me wrong this guy
got jokes huh it's therapy so Jackie
Chan from the movie I know I say all the
time but for the new viewers that don't
know Jackie Chan so what's the movie
name come for yoga yeah that's from the
movie in here
all right she's going to show you then
she's going to show you the proper way
to Netflix and chill
yeah and this is how you eat bro this is
amazing you're not even able to explain
to people in America I take videos and
pictures where this doesn't even make
sense
are you kidding about that
what's up baby come come Tony watch
Bengal tiger cheetah African lion
leopard African white oh and pull some
stuff so that you can equate yes that
bra was so many good ones so many good
ones
Wow Vitaly jealous little bit too busy
no you got to go know something
lion lion you look at me right in eyes
wow thank you thank you guys thank you
thank you thank you
since the lion came out lion oh wow why
you lie on let's just get naked here
nobody likes hitching oh by the way
Fargo is kill me yeah that's what yep
you're like a baby look at it you raised
this lion sir oh we're gonna leave
without saying bye I like it you teach
me about the animals I learned some I
don't care thank you so much well thank
you thank you thank you very little
pleasure
your brother thank you like always you
guys you guys show me such a good time
thank you so much sir she maybe I'll see
you later okay gonna see today I'll come
back to the buy always love your brother
so right now we're actually on the way
to the meetup and I really have low
expectations I don't know last time the
people that I will be going to buy they
made people charge and it was disgusting
that I charged my fans for a meet I put
out a show just for a picture I'm gonna
charge you for a picture but I did hang
out with them no no no I got to give it
back for all the love you guys do so if
you meet up on the beach we'll see how
to know what to expect really low
expectations
what about to find out in three two
one all right actually it's not three
two one this is me go Bart thank you for
the Condor thank you for the Hat and the
shoes you got a good originally and she
says I would go well what do you say
would like thank you
well I'm a hot even when I sleep but
like okay but yeah we're going to way
for a meet-up but now it's actually
three to one either so not yet they
common version but you guys are my Lana
I'm trying to get me the Tony already
picture so I can absolutely right
you guys thank you guys for coming sir
oh why all the years it's not only one
that I know you will take a picture but
the meetup is done when you walk is the
way you're holding hands oh you like him
yeah yo props to this guy yo props to
this guy yo thank you for being my
security round Thank You Robbie you knew
that you did well hope please yo yo yo
one thing about you you're great
security but those chicken arms need to
be bigger
yo I just want to say thank you to thank
you for everybody to come up it's a
little crowd when I left I just offered
you
I just want to say one thing that
everybody knows love you yeah don't say
I love you see I love you save bro save
where you would bro hello Abdullah
cheese I love you Carlos thank you lady
Kelly did you get it
alright guys bye thank you okay so the
meetup was crazy I love everybody I hope
everybody got a picture I hope
everybody's happy now with the IMG world
the biggest theme park in the world but
we got my friend Mohammed here and I
wanted to explain about these license
plate on these two cars and how much
they're worth and how it goes on the
plane so we got number 18 and regard
number 21 what even what do you want
Blake license purpose color this would
be like because it's gonna if it is a
beautiful like
you're not million germs wondering
inhale 1 million dollars for a license
plate but why why for the status like
you get to show or like but why is the
license plate a piece of plate cost just
by life but that's how they go so and
what about this one so which one is most
expensive the lower number is more
expensive after you can see this there
to sing because that's right there's so
much money here that you just tie them
up with piece of place for a million
dollars yeah what sorry
oh my god is almost almost
what's up so I got my boys were here the
these two guys are the owners of this
park so tell me a little bit about this
part will we finish the two months ago
okay it is today the world's largest
indoor theme park
okay 1.5 million square feet this
activity fit about 38
Wow oh let's go enjoy to Jenna
configure life
yeah I'm gonna hold the blood camera
it's not a GoPro I'm gonna hold it my
hands are sweaty but I have to lock the
beginning and I'll just put it down this
is going to be crazy experience I'm
excited what's the right call the lost
it reputable low-velocity Raptor let's
do this I heard in the back oh my god I
heard it as you sit in the back it's the
best cuz it's the fastest some super
scope let's do this
how many people writing what if it bolt
wow what a crazy experience
I put the vlog camera down because it's
going to play off it was amazing time
thank you guys thank you for inviting me
here and I don't think I've logged would
you yesterday mr. Mohamed Kamel now
while you remember they have the prank
on two wheels like this he made it
happen so yeah and we're working another
big project but right now it's a secret
I don't want to reveal anything he made
it happen
we got Goomer back our Tony actually
went to buy souvenirs of Sonia Tony
actually went to buy souvenirs for his
mother and his sister and me and my mom
are about to surgeon maybe I should
maybe I should reach any mama and we'll
see what I'm taking my mom soon to
Philippines
that'll be my souvenir but uh yeah so
we're now we're going to go to Russian
restaurant right yeah we're gonna eat
some nice borscht into the mini let's go
oh my god what an exhausting day but
right now we're just cover this Russian
restaurant and look what the happier
they have your borscht Thank You
abortion and we just had a leave yeah
with this Russian food he loves Russian
food so far it's good now you try this
and let me know how it is but yeah now
we're we gonna wait for a mini so we're
eating at the restaurant and then he
wants to pay the bill thank you of
course thank you but why am i hot he's
watching our video with a car club look
at this guy Hey look at this guy's guy
Sheamus now this is you That's not me
oh my god last night was so crazy last
night was so crazy I can last night was
so crazy and this guy came this morning
Muhammad and everybody already
introduced you guys such a nice guy
now we go to the airport I'm so sad
every time I leave to buy I get
depressed we'll go back he's gonna make
sure we okay he's gonna come to the
airport he's gonna make sure we're good
and I just want to say thank you guys
for experiencing Dubai with me I love
you and I'll be back here soon and I
just gonna go have a surgery from a jog
finish my community service hours then
I'm free then I come back and Twenties
birthday is tomorrow today why thank you
thank you thank you thank you for
everything and I'll see you guys
in Los Angeles thank you so much please
give this like a big thumbs up and I'll
see you tomorrow this is going to
