what's up guys it's day three and I'm
losing my voice but the more days the
more voice oh come on
but I'm in Rio I'm just having fun this
is my girlfriend right here
thank you I'm an umbrella for me thanks
the hardest part about this town is
nobody speaks English here like this guy
right now I can just tell him go fuck
yourself you know what I said but he's
so driving us anyway it's long going now
if I know I respect everybody here but
it's just so hard to get around
especially when you're in a taxi you
don't know how they're gonna kidnap you
or rip you off or what so you have to
show them a GPS luckily our forwards
there so we just got to our location and
this is the mountain we go we're just
gonna climb up right good client I'm
Matt come on in the dam we're gonna get
some sick GoPro sure look at that the
clouds are going through over the
fucking mountain it's crazy
damn bro I'm enjoying Rio if you guys my
guys haven't been in Rio this is
definitely the place to go what are you
doing
give garlic you've gone
ah ie that's so crazy that you're not
even losing the ball that's it L look at
these motor keys
yo check this out not even close
Wow
where's the banana you guys are scary
where's the banana fuck he loved this
dog no no no go go down more I like I
can run no more
you said a scare of monkeys since when
were you scared Monday should macabre is
Brian disguise super should wash good Oh
what is guys nope so we woke up and I
haven't drink any water no food and now
we're hiking to the best views in the
world but I don't know how long I'm
gonna last
I'm being a bitch but tally out in the Y
fucking the wall this is what happened
to Brazil yesterday I got cottonmouth on
deck
this guy's barely survived I'm I'm a
survivor I'm uh yeah yeah so we got all
this way up we're almost there but
there's no tickets you can't take the
tickets to take the the cable car down
so I'm only reason keep going cuz I'm on
water I will make you downstairs without
water and guess what I'm probably we're
gonna break in and write the card I
don't need tickets I feel like we keep
making it but shit is blocked off man ah
cottonmouth on deck oh oh sunlight sound
like just like you're walking into the
heaven right now
it's so beautiful this is beautiful
we just climb all that water has never
tasted so good in my life
look at these I don't know where these
guys add there's still some work out
there but I had to run up here and get
water water it's amazing I'm honestly I
was 0% battery get my brain now I'm kind
of 45 percent maybe game saying one
straw we have finally finally made it
and the view is here is it's incredible
but it's not as beautiful as it it's not
as beautiful in the pictures like when
you film this it's not as can't even
take a picture edition yeah
can you see wow this is a blessing this
is awesome this view is amazing
we're in fucking Rio de Janeiro what the
fuck
I'm trying
alright alright we're getting some moves
now alright guys run top of the mountain
about to watch the game who do you think
girl ah
I said Netherlands but I think Argentina
might pull through is crazy I don't know
I know I'm not doing these daily vlogs
and uploading as I am but he does but
you know me guys I like to party and I'm
gonna upload these vlogs right after I
come back and they're gonna turn out
great
just like the Vegas fan so the game is
over and honestly those incredible
what's up man you're not watching the
game huh speak WOD how long how long ya
see I have no friends I talk to the
cameras you know you know it's like I
was waiting for this date to happen for
somebody says why you talking to the
camera I'm talking to my viewers your
lot you're live on TV hi what are you
doing over here you tried to commit
suicide either speaking he shoot it
speak English very good are you jumping
out of what it's beautiful huh yeah it's
nice
look at that your views amazing SP key
it's been achieved very well you're
watching the game what you know watching
the game so anyways I was saying sorry
I'll talk to you in a second uh as I was
saying this match was intense now they
added 30 more minutes and it's gonna be
great who do you want to win Argentina
on Holland Holland everybody went home I
heard that Brazilians don't like her
genty nians i don't know but anyways
round three today
more party and more mayhem
it's not quite it kill me I don't care
I can see like kill me whoo
what I gave
it's okay four years later it's give me
money
oh it's getting any boss I'm sorry you
know um give me all just suck it four
more years so watch the game guys hold
on Argentina it was a great game but
yeah yeah yeah this is my friend this is
my friend a door from Boca Raton Thanks
it's such Darja Tina made it to the
finals in Brazil didn't but that's how I
did together you got a love sake but
messy they got messy people people are
gonna eat you off for saying Brazil
Brazil freakin got raped in the butthole
fuck up days you got gay we got raped
we know we got Vaseline they did they
fell bad for us in the letters the score
one goal ha ha no Bad Fur Elise you're
honest yeah I can't vlog with any girls
in Brazil you know why because every
girl's here I'm sorry no offense to
brazilian girls as a fucking hooker am i
right
you absolutely right 80% 90% of this
fucking town let's talk to this one here
I know tell her tell her show me that I
think I know
back here mucho mucho que right Sally
Sally
it's Sally bro you gotta stop saying
fucking my name bro I'm gonna battle one
sorry hey what's up bro she have a dick
she has a biggest one surprise
motherfucker I come to Brazil and look
at the service yet a table in the middle
of a sidewalk
