so we hear day 2 in Brazil with this guy
he's mad at me because last night I got
our canoe tell me he could tell my
subscribers huh you can tell my viewers
night no no not the story just what
happened last night
Kalle got a little crazy but he woke up
today he knew what he did and he said I
apologize on the talk that I think
they're all gonna want to know they're
gonna put in the comments what really
happened
but anyways we're getting ready for the
game hey what's that place called where
we're going fan fest we're gonna be
watching the game on the beach this guy
is the best freestyle sucker I've seen
I'm sure I didn't see all the moves
right that was long the middle you got
more I've seen your rooms last 500 dance
form oh yeah I said it was no
breakdancing
he was try killer I know I was trying
but I think I did it professionally cuz
I'm so dry I think any good
they surely love us when you guys want
to go to the skate park and skate this
is the new helmets I am the one of them
thanks pretty good so now I'm not
realizing who the hell are you or your
mr. Henderson what you're mr. Henderson
come on I do I do for especially y'all
like beat this guy adenosine is no one
compares to this recognize you now
they're just empowering their shine
chicken chicken ours
that's Shana muscle this is old juice oh
how you can poke in their water come
muscle in Brazil fuck I'm here
oh you right now Germany is awesome but
it's awesome my children you hear it's a
suicide like you said they want to
commit suicide if Germany wins this is
over
this is what I mean this is suicide no
crazy you're committing suicide besides
it's gonna be a good damn good game nice
aim okay this guy has some balls you
guys thought I balls
this guy's boss
son we're at the game and this is
disgusting right so I get socially three
zero means zero we will discuss
yes some another penalty
this goalies through the inner things
you can this is discussed what do you
guys think what did I think about the
game
yeah it's wrong I'm so sad I'm a gun
it's like Xbox Vegas yes like Xbox
I talk about the money
everybody's upset they maybe had too
much beer so we won 7-1 brazil we wanted
to find out Raziel 7-1 so we just got to
this restaurant one yesterday did you
log in here yesterday I don't remember
nothing from here yesterday
yesterday who's going to the managers
charger
right up to the managers like I'll give
you money or whatever you guys want
I need my charger I need a charger and
slowly it's wrong
everybody's around me looking but
there's the lost 71 that's like playing
xbox I feel like that's a ridiculous
ridiculous work anyways we're gonna call
tonight earlier tonight maybe a little
party but tomorrow we're gonna go
sightseeing and stuff so that should be
interesting
what's up guys guess what I'm doing
today you're on the dive like where my
usual diet white vlogging your dog I
want to show them what it's like when
you log on it's a guy say you have to
hold the camera like this what are the
odds that would come to real and it's
like welcome to Rio babe you know la no
overs experiencing experiences third
world country this is how we do it so
here's what's happening Mitali
is going to a bar right now by his boy
at the bar which is which is a friend of
from Boca friend Florida told the whole
bar every waiter the manager every girl
there that are famous Russian soccer
players on his way you know the famous
Russian soccer player is this guy
Shevchenko
like he looks like a soccer player
everybody's waiting for them right now
like they're waiting to take pictures
literally who's gonna play the message I
convinced every single waiter and the
owner of the bar where what's up shit
bar your Russian player so we get here
shit ass I like you know some people
onto YouTube you tell people about
famous eruption soccer player this vlog
is about to get interesting how does
this make you feel about the base game
interview yeah I just I just want to
know what's harder how's the game
they'll just think crazy I think it's a
good game for Germany but today unlikely
I mean I came all the way here to see a
realist my family and it was paying much
yeah you nuts you're not scared to be on
the street of real like this I mean
there were some plays the key that you
know shouting and stuff but you're not
scare you gonna get robbed killed no
name why Argentina just appreciate the
wave Germany played today yeah man yeah
that was a great bass bass bass gold a
good team good game so I just got to
this guy he made me sound like you got
only shy but a big this is my Brazilian
mano
this is his Carson so I'm supposed to be
a Russian soccer player at this bar two
three oh God I come to Brazil and look
at the service yet a table in the middle
of a sidewalk with about a full bottle
of vodka close and some some Brazilian
rules yes thank you can eat off amigo
but I Z bride Z cries you you got the
man is the man right here
those drinks this is madre and who's the
gringo
