what's up guys what's going on I'm back
i vlogging why Beca vlogging cuz I'm
going to Brazil I'm doing something fun
I want to show you what I'm going to do
probably how many of these logs are
going to be rated R but I don't know
these guy because this guy is going to
probably be doing most of the time he's
own thing I'm going to favelas I'm gonna
like some Brazilian booty
I'm doing some creative techniques the
reason Vitaly isn't gonna get kidnapped
is he gonna die out there it's cuz I'm
protecting him he says he likes to look
what do you think you like Donna the
judge show then he looked like a tourist
but if it's autumn Oliver to it no but
they're gonna like it like a good turn
yeah they don't like hi guys I love you
let's head Oh
little Lucy is so nervous to go to
Brazil she's throwing up he has so much
anxiety because we're flying to Brazil
he is nervous he's throwing up I make
sure everything's locked everything's
locked we're good to go we're off to
Brazil how you feel bro did you really
just throw up yeah oh why do I think
it's cuz I'm sick from yesterday and
it's cuz I'm nervous all sweaty knees
weak arms and heaviness vomit on a
sweater already mom's spaghetti he's
nervous but on the structural armed and
ready to drop bombs but he keeps on
getting we broke down
so loudly open the words come out he's
joking now everybody back 200 so you
said just take care of everything let me
join what would I do without you sir hey
two bags were free are you gonna pose
like $50 we got two bags free two bags
free and my password work my Russian
passport and through he comes up to me
he goes I got expired I was like I'm
leaving in America my passwords expire
them take care of my passwords how we're
good yeah one my ticket right now
so we just landed in Rio this good the
kitchen lazy shy I'm excited people look
at us very weird I don't know if I'm
gonna be cool and vlogging it's
different it's different yeah
what do you mean you like your the
States but it's like it's not weird if
you have a camera in your face right
here
I don't know it tracks attention to
yourself like look at me I'm from the
States
I shouldn't do that alright then yeah
blog is getting totally different I mean
you feel balls enough I don't know this
guy can you believe it landed in Rio how
does it make you feel this Brazilian
face is already turning so right now
we're in the taxi took up a cabana how
are you my friend
Winry having following all these
beautiful people are you an idiot
tomato all right you thought somebody
was gonna kidnap
so we just got to our apartment in Rio
to Bajor we rented a two-bedroom
apartment
this place is master there's no a/c here
this is our review I thought were
staying two minute well we are staying
two minutes away from the beach that's
our view then reminds me so much of
Russia so we got two bedrooms ah use of
a shaving right now this is the kitchen
oh wow we should be guys blessed from
what we have mysterious side this is a
culture shock here for sure this is the
bedrooms not bad dude but no way see why
does it make you feel that there's no
a/c bro nasty as hell there's bugs but
must be must we are hopefully gonna have
fun I just met a Russian Bay we should
have fun so we're finally on the streets
of Rio and this guy is scared for his
life
not anymore yeah you are oh don't blow
your vlog camera though blood thank you
take a stick your guys is Vitaly
complain so much
oh my god I don't go play it hi guys
were in the streets of Rio I cannot
believe how different I feel like I'm in
Russia same thing I love the men
erection girl and immediately they
started talking rushing together yeah
like they connect and I gave her my
number so hopefully she calls me oh yeah
dude so you still down to go to favelas
no Mickey Mouse I got out but this is
pretty nice it's definitely different
you like this country has no rules just
like Russia somebody's like no rules
I don't mean like that no rules like no
rules
all rules you can do you can get away
more than you can get away in America
that's for sure
JB is on that but that was a straight-up
trainee on deck he had like diseases on
his leg it was hot it was a heat it it's
not as she or he is it's a hit fuck her
right in the pussy what's up huh oh sure
yeah further you want to take a photo
take a look hello coma stars I'm sorry
back are you lay down so I'm here with
I'm see chica numero uno chica move it
over
I'm gonna get you killed all right I'm
Vitaly $10 for a while
no pictures I'll be in my video talk
tender hi Vitaly what's your name my
cellie
are you from here how young are you guys
oh so you'll be going
yeah I'm 22 I just came from California
I'm from Russia originally but is that a
lot of fun here is that a lot of fun
things to do I'm a dumb tourist you can
guys kidnap me and do a lot of things to
me I don't want that to happen but is
there anywhere too good to go out
tonight
I don't know today from all the clothes
everything's cool
are you serious people told me Monday's
the funnest time to go they like what
about you yeah Kiowa go on are we gonna
go out tonight or what
what am i what is this
he's a choice but look like kapooya
kapooya I'm getting Co Purina a vodka
Capas this is this my friend looks like
this guy straight out of favelas be
careful don't talk to this guy like that
okay whose guy this guy's going to much
much a muscle and you think every guy
never Moscow is pocket Rollo no no I
said obviously Amelia me I want to go to
favela huh Russia Lucia Lucia Lucia I
like I want to go to favela is not good
or good this is gonna do crazy but it's
not every tell a guy they kill it's like
he's from I know and I got a shame oh
shit Oh hold it like this highway just
fucking the mic no no I think isn't it
follow your fingers like this see this
yeah
professional psychic where
fresh Whole Foods well that is amazing
credible you Callie's gonna find out boy
howdy
Oh
Hey
just best just best I'm good
Oh in America you guys have electricity
look this is war
there's no electricity or electricity
I know it's a saline right here oh my
friends hustle hard hustle hard hey
those men even watch you for real
everyone watches me today I'm not
watching your video game Alton a couple
yeah yeah yeah yeah we're gonna we're
gonna pick up a lot of good guy you met
my five and we're gonna pick up a lot of
girls tonight
fuck it come party with us we're gonna
go do some damage this is your first
time in Brazil how does it make you feel
crazy oh yeah for this map are you going
to do any games one game that place my
awful
we're gonna go - you already went are
you going yeah we're gonna go to the
final match look at all these cops
shit's crazy out here we're in Brazil be
careful transvestites STD age we got a
whole bunch of shit whatever you want on
the menu here open the menu thanks
Melissa
credit station are you I saw me hello
Avram Lucia who Santa Lucia me no you
are Y of us
Lucia versatile is the Ronettes key oh
yeah yeah what's that man that's good
she's becoming like a dad's ever you
serious yeah yeah my friend look you
know what that means that means they
know what's going on and I don't even
know this lights are perfect Tatiana me
Oh Arabic no Capasso know how to be no
good not the end
come on well enough lemon oh come on
don't be shy
come on we get a lettuce Wow put come
come on come here
they don't the Eddas and he'll veto we
know Lucia
California come here my friend is from
Brazil hang out come on and come tonight
que pasa nada Mickey Mouse even though I
know these girls I'm in Rio
fuck this shit I take a bite of this
shit it's really good
we're still gonna handle on it
ladies I want to marry you thank you
please please please
then I want to take please take it yes
they took at yeah I'm drunk
I've been trying I've tried to twist
that to become a cheek lesson one
do you have no no that's my profession
less than one doesn't know shit
so that's that one is like let's go hey
the wonderfulest one tractor my truck
you have an ex-parte there excuse not a
kiss
Mickey Mouse your Mickey Mouse Mickey
Mouse arranged three steps word then
Driessen Segundo media Rio Rio de
Janeiro scenario the Janeiro de Janeiro
hi
