I just started like what's up guys
so I just got to my mom's place and
she's putting all the orders together
that's all show me the paper
no it's not it just like 51 no this is
but this is all orders no not all it's
not it in half but okay I'm asking but
this is orders
yes okay so wow guys look at this you
guys are the best
this we can't for a while and this gonna
wear these other here wears more hey
Matilda hey Matilda hey Matilda so guys
I said I'm only gonna have hundred
shirts I went over a hundred and so I'm
gonna I'm gonna continue selling
t-shirts obviously they're doing great
guys thank you so much for who ordered
yeah okay but see for thank you for guys
who ordered you guys are awesome and for
if we didn't order you guys are still
awesome thank you for making me BZ yeah
you guys keep you my mom busy which is a
good thing
yeah 24/7 for work work work work making
envelopes so thank you again I came here
to have a little salad and then I'm
gonna need phousi look at that mmm looks
so good thank you
well you got to eat nice and healthy for
the summer
so I'm thinking I'm gonna buy our
tickets for the World Cup I'm gonna go
to Brazil next month now are you alright
everything else I'm trying to do she
says no no shut up yeah okay no yes no -
cool because just be glasses down I'm MC
a-- Olivia mmm no we did not kiss from
the lips you remember last thing they
said that iqc machiya but uh what is
that oh you guys work we got you guys
you guys ordered so many so many shirts
that my mom spring well my printer broke
that I gave it to her
and yeah she doesn't know what to do
it's my printer because I worked on it
yeah okay goodbye Gigi well i'm vitaly
sure fuck you you won't even tell a shit
you know where the fucking most ever
fuck you on your love oh you see that
babe I got my Natalia shirts bro we're
going to the World Cup
oh yeah that's what you came we're all
got baby and your boy new tally are
going to the 2014 World Cup right now
hey how did you find the book or the
tickets I thought they cannot be I
thought they only sell tickets if you
get chosen I know did you get you a sort
of mob thought if you get chosen
I thought you you have to put your email
out and uses hi congratulations you got
a ticket you can buy a ticket right now
to world cup for the finals
oh right now woo finals let's go let's
go baby
eh-eh
hey I gotta make you deal then what I'll
make you deal then she was he was every
see what's the mileage of our point I
think you do know you're buying the
micro together yeah maybe it was oh I
might get your credit card
don't roll critic are they gonna zoom in
and get my number I find a piece of your
credit card
yeah we buy the plane tickets of my
credit card oh oh yeah oh I'm gonna make
the best brakes in Brazil because there
is no rules in Brazilian town the paint
this guy's Michael don't tell them
they're gonna fucking go and do whoever
lives in Brazil to get shot reported by
my followers for my billions we're going
to Brazil we go into Brazil foot and
tell them what Matthew remind your
tickets for championship match July 13
finals baby Oh Leo Leo leo
yeah I'm going for Brazil people look
you what about Russia
well unfortunately Rhino Russia not
gonna make you super far breath that is
a being a fake ass rush and right
nothing
Messi got you've got a better gt9 Brazil
you got offered a hello more to play for
Spain but he said I go for my country
and stable Argentina yeah just like that
hey dude ah hi do you do you know what
my mom told me she's like we can't go
because there's gonna be some kind of a
terror action bomb being oh there is
it's not totally dangerous as hell I
know it's dangerous yeah I'm going to
favelas you want to I'm going to favelas
I'm riding my bike through favelas at
night and say hello I want to try your
ak-47 what she did you get I didn't get
the shoes I got the Nike runnings for my
gym D even lift bro chicken are like ya
know so we're good chicken harbor
chicken I really see not even when you
roast about people they look at you
chicken arms flex on them you think
you're big would you even lift bro dude
in his little road I'm sweaty shot him
brevis guy thing cheese does God think I
can this yeah dude I was just getting
comfortable cuz you're up here look out
look how I mess with his line so fast
right you're big I'm joking I'm not
offended you're big I'm fat I'm not not
big I'm fat it's flabby bro do it it's
not I've been working off the summer I'm
telling you your head
ah that's the dude your whole life
tickets right love you guys so what just
happened bro I'm scared
do you have a subject I know a lot of
scared about going to Brazil I'm not
scared about the bombings I'm asking
anything I'm scared of gonna Brazil with
you whoa
what does this have to do with anything
hey why just not yet cuz you're not
gonna keep up bro yeah Brazil has
something to wake you all right let me
ask them put it in the comments section
below
would you guys be scared to go to the
World Cup in Rio de Janeiro with Vitaly
the best part about it guys I'm gonna
vlog it I'm gonna vlog it all and I'm
gonna do some crazy shit for the blog I
get kidnapped because of your pranks and
they take me through a news blog in hell
yeah that's gonna give me 10 subscribers
hopping the boat subscribe but is it
worth no I'm not saying like 10
subscribers because you don't have
enough no I'm kidding I'm a sec 10
subscribe it's publicity fouseytube get
spray a kidnap because of Vitaly
my name is an article woo any exposure
is a good exposure you remember what
they say do it by anyways oh Plaza
he's hella high about the EleFun you
guys were going to Brazil wasn't going
to get the craziest logs and praise
music vlogs right yeah yeah oh the
pranks we're doing break-in do pranks
vlogs in Brazil pictures picture after
picture on Instagram oh dude I gotta be
crazy I got goose bumps
tell them how you feel you're hella
excited I feel like this I feel like
this hold the camera I want to show them
how I feel you went on off you'll kill
them we just ate late hella night what
is food guess guess how I saved you my
phone since you got a boat full but your
phone over what guess how he saved you
my phone Wow who Zi Fu is easy why cuz
you're cute
your little fuzzy fuzzy oh you know what
a coincidence we're driving through the
disdain of going you're cute yeah
pinching your cheeks oh you're getting
Gina took an AIDS test yesterday what I
took an AIDS test yes I am because they
do free tests that was the ratchet one
why would you have AIDS
no I took a test what do you mean I took
that I hate math oh my gosh shit don't
say what
you get your car stomped out with Nick
this is not Brazil de orden shit you get
your shit stomped out I'm like oh you
Vitaly bop ba-bop haters gonna hate you
know what I would do I look like a black
man sneaking away from home
proud blog that shit and be like world's
for the Tally's getting his ass beat
world saw that we get so maybe no to get
L of you I was thinking that if somebody
knocks me out they're gonna get hell of
you somebody just once if I was a
prankster I'm saying this to all the
little friends I have I was a prankster
and I wanted to get hella big on YouTube
I'd find Vitaly I Grand Theft Auto his
ass steal his car go for around the
block beat his ass and give him his car
back ten million views right there
I believe it's dark and scary in here
bro I don't like dark rooms about holy
shit I'll say I'm out
are you serious I swear to God only
they're always gonna call you a pussy in
my comment section
pussy wanna see one you have one yeah
why guys I'm calling a night I love you
which is about the World Cup tickets I'm
sorry for reminding you were just
excited because the Vols are gonna be
friendly for I go the pranks are gonna
be sick and the vlog is gonna be signal
only rap Franco okay I'll handle the rat
ready and I say I and I still have
Natalia shirts available yo yo check you
he said he already gotten tally shirts
available that's funny because his name
is Vitaly and he's very accessible if
you bring a couple of girls and roll up
knowledge I get my share what is that
you want to hear nice one ah uh-huh
uh-huh
you want to make this a rap battle I'll
tell you one thing about your hat rattle
because you don't need to know with the
snake exactly because they are not what
you exist of you think you're the Bloods
with your red shirt you're just a
colorful fruit loop just trying to get
to the up bottom yo hey yo don't wake up
my neighbors because my neighbors will
wake up I will stick you to the dome you
think you the shit trying to spit well
let me tell you boy you just a little
prick you look like you're I was gonna
say gay with Dennis fuck you and your
fucking happy Billy Billy Billy Lilya
meaning in email his arms are sweaty
his mom spaghetti let me tell you
something who is the real fucking
vitalyzdtv please stand up please fit
just makes like five songs let me tell
you something ah
his name is fouseytube he thinks his
pranks are funny but really they're just
the level of the first-grader yeah aha
he gets them likes
I wonder how because he tells Habibi
Habibi could you please Oh
like oh he's doing he's doing a little
twerking because he can't be shit and
people are gonna call him gay because
he's the real reason why Slim Shady is
the best do you dig in and disliked is
there gonna be a quad tough hi guys I
love you so much
so please just be Danya and I love you
so much because we love you we love it
now we'll love you guys you guys enjoy
the vlog probably not because any mess
with strangers because Lucy got into you
there gonna be a quiz this fucking guy
the guy thinks he's a Habibi and she
talking too much in and SWAT guys love
you love you love you and best be Tonya
in a while mom give her a little kiss
that's like
