hey villains how you doing sorry I
skipped couple days of logging I know I
keep saying I'm gonna keep it up I'm
getting keep it up but this month of
June is gonna be very exciting I'm doing
a lot of things so I'm gonna keep it up
but anyways you know that's that new
t-shirt design right well Sam's standing
behind me and he hasn't seen this design
yet nor did you well you saw the sneak
peek for the Instagram giveaway but oh
by the way the Instagram view away why
do you do it because I didn't reach half
a million followers but I still feel bad
so I'm gonna do something else so I can
give those prizes away but anyways are
you guys ready this is my new shirt
that's how are you ready Sam okay well
have you haven't seen it yet right here
I'm covering myself I take the vlog
camera alright I'm ready
what do you think not fucking sick was
this like a prototype research yeah
reserved gotelli cdtv Natali's cuz it's
on Batali's Natale yeah and you like the
booty on the spread that's so so yeah
guys I have Hajis shirts for the test
right now $19.99 go smash it go pause
the video if you have to do it now there
are officially on the website order them
and let's see but I think these are sick
alright guys I just got to the shirt
printing company I'm gonna place an
order right now and then I'm gonna go to
Chipotle eat some meat for my chicken
arms eat some fake meat I should
probably say I don't know I love
Chipotle and then I'm gonna mess with
probably with strangers for the vlog
alright guys this is Phillip he's gonna
be helping out with the shirts so I'm
choosing the colors right now
I never what's kind of preening we're
doing a screen printing so this is a
high quality right at the top and lunch
and what what shirts are printing on
American Apparel right yeah yeah
American Apparel so I'm earning hundred
shirts again and I keep talking about it
but I'm just too excited guys anyways as
you watching this the shirts are up and
ready for sale vitaliy how did you did
up on how did I do it I was going
through the gym I took out the the back
gym bag out of my trunk and
against my exhaust maybe milli second
just like tap boom it's burn but now I
just need it okay and I'll be killing
client model it's too gay that's like a
perfect seed looks like it's a that's
you've gone wrong or something
the only one thing I hate about LA is
the parking the traffic it doesn't even
get me that bad it's literally the
parking the parallel parking when you're
just trying to eat Chipotle you're
trying to go there for five minutes and
eat but you look for parking longer than
you all o'clock just pulled out where
are yeah but look how fat weight decide
never look how fast is gonna get taken
dude literally I'll fight someone for
her she becomes shaky other people are
literally looked at minute pump custom
loading fuck that's going told you dick
kisses you ticket hey guys I'm vlogging
right now in the middle of the road
walking and basically I'm breaking the
law because in that way you get a ticket
for jaywalking dumb Mexican just this
window you think it for you and then I
have fans screaming saying look look are
they running towards us but harmony
Tripoli yeah what's up you like the new
sure bro I'm releasing tomorrow yeah
he's gotta get both you guys literally
running where did you notice this well
then I got out of mine never so Sam just
showed me a crazy place where what is
this bro and
I know look at that the shot what does
it do against I'm like yeah I'm fine
is that your ex-girlfriend you were
talking about give her a little kiss
that's like
these ladies shots right now
but he's allowed to skew took it we go
both ways
ha ha ha all right anyways so what is
this again yeah you want to put your
phone on there nano coat
what is it and I'm Cody Zoey how do you
show me which is there within that so
basically just water that protects your
phone that doesn't make any sense but
coding everything oh we actually let him
try my phone
checking out my girl I don't know
because she's hot bro right now you want
some thought but you don't live why do
you live sometimes what is this chicken
ramen to buy your protein man you know
honey what up bro hi he's the mine huh
bro what's up bro ski I watch your video
all the time bro I love you too yeah I
watch your videos too so anyways you say
your life is boring but you should give
me the costume and we'll see how your
life is gonna be entertaining all right
bro you should give me your costume
right now take it off he just said he's
a huge fan I a huge fan yeah so what are
you gonna do tomorrow little work hey
Sam Sam Sam Sam he says he's a huge fan
so I told him what are you gonna do
tomorrow he goes go to work
alright one more what are you gonna do
tomorrow go to work you're gonna buy my
new shirt I'm releasing this what do you
think brought Nutella you just realize
either that's your girl you put me tell
on her booty I put something else in the
booty like what what cream is not as
exciting as cool bro well nice meeting
you guys tough on bro thanks alright
guys so I know this was a short vlog but
II am finished
it is 7i seminar gonna finish the night
watching a movie or are we cute
we're gonna watch millions awaits to die
so hopefully it's good I don't know I'm
not sure but uh shirts as you watching
this available now I one remind you
anymore I promise your choice to go get
it if not there will be more products
but anyways guys I love you love you
villains attention everybody I would
like to wish Nutella happy 15th birthday
I've been spreading Nutella on the booty
since 1964 and I
