what's up guys I know I haven't logged
into quite a while but I'm here with my
mom she's driving me to the airport
we're headed to the airport she's
driving to the airport we headed today
report is that what I just said yeah Wow
you can always with useful anyways I'm
headed to Columbus Ohio booked my ticket
this morning it was a last-second thing
me and Roman are gonna film and I'm
gonna also pick up my blog not my blog
camera my main camera for ATM prank so I
can upload the footage guys and Phil
maybe some few more clips but anyways
yeah I just decided to vlog and keep you
guys updated what's going on
so just land in Chicago Airport and this
is kind of creepy isn't it funny so got
a layover right now at 7 o'clock in the
morning I'm flying to Roman and I
haven't slept yet so I don't know how
many be pulling pranks all day but I'm
gonna do it cuz I have to for you guys I
love you guys but this is awesome
sub sexy top what's up sexy how you
doing
thanks sick baby see you're not gonna
come out and give me a hug actually I
don't want your viewers to see me Topsy
better off oh yeah
what's up homie sup sexy so good I miss
you catch them in a little bit okay Papa
Nicki give me a kiss so Roman and I just
got to the police station where we put
the camera is for the ATM frame station
lab it's been here for like two months
now it's probably old dusty and stuff
I'm gonna did what happened to one of my
camera's my camera got ahead yeah give
him your eye system
just don't thinking it over dude okay
nosegrind nosegrind juice yeah ba ba ba
ba sales good you're still get it from
the boardroom
oh oh why are we doing it
just relax you got it dude that's
perfect
we're gonna just relax so we just got to
Staples and I got two suitcases Ford two
hitmen video it's not going to be your
life your choice sixty Seconds
I think it's going to be something
ballsier eh probably ha right here in
Ohio shooting the HIPAA video today with
a suitcase this is going to be extreme
one it's not gonna be your life your
choice six two second
it's gonna be something ballsier and
hopefully everything's gonna grow good
no one's gonna get arrested
chase Gilroy goddammit Sonny's gonna
film and hopefully everything goes
smooth
once again I'm checking that's me I'm
chasing goomer he's you didn't know I'm
chase Gilroy that's the home boy that's
the home oh oh oh whoa I can't hear you
very well what are you a my's a
terrorist no I'm looking for this
package I'm looking for this person to
deliver this package very important
things in it you know what it is I would
like to give it to you are you sure are
you sure
here we go the house is kiddy we were
just filming a fun video sir please tell
me you got that
hello sir yes shouid address me as
cazali bring ISTE patches off a top
ahsoka I'm sorry
doesn't really speak too much English
the heck street is that
dah
doggy in the Avenue I'm not sure could
you help me or give me a ride please
oh I'm working with these guys now
directing traffic
yeah I guess I need to get this off
quickly right it's okay I leave let me
ask him if you know I don't even know
the name of that it's okay not a lot of
nuts to me
not too many people should know that I'm
in this area so we leave sorry about
that pal
all right that have to look it up on my
phone I don't want it straight off okay
can could your officers give me help to
the address I mean I can ask you someone
else because I got to stay with these
guys it's very important and stuff in
there would you like to take it I can't
take it are you sure yeah I gotta work
with these guys want to know how to get
it I gotta get rid of it fast can you
cut it off what kind of man it's a
different handcuff key that we need 5070
woman's got a female screaming better
than a pulp
huh no no never heard of that tree okay
nope no problem no no no no no no no
don't do that please
okay okay thank you very much is he
calling for backup bad he didn't give a
Shi oh the 5-hour energy shot huh Oh
every time I come to this city I talk I
just love it oh hi oh oh oh I did why'd
you just punch it man yeah you look good
Wow guys we are in the hood every time
we come here every time I come to this
gas station not even five seconds go by
Gilliam spear dollar by now I had to
give up a handful of change let's spare
a dollar bra and then the guy comes the
guy just comes to me he's like it's my
birthday I'm drunk as fuck
although but but my family's inside the
car
so can I feed my family how'd you get
drunk obviously fuck it what's the first
you care about getting truck then you go
on joining my family - yeah definitely -
and then you're all Mike
but hey the hood is the hood it's tough
times nothing's funny about that but I
just don't understand like whatever
filming a prank and look what happens
once again
we shoot a prank hidden-camera show who
you Franco we just got this guy's what's
up scum don't see ya what come on tell
me tell me this crap I would just we
just shot a quick prank and we're out of
here in and out over you tame sure right
now you're the team what does this going
on you get your just getting camera for
us our doing on the ATM it's all ours
it's all good I don't know my overtime
I'm trying to gas up go home just like
Haiti I'm praying baby out soon's just
your first deal with the ATM or you guys
got other movies out is like not even
curse obviously it's
the police just loves us the police
getting our IDs they do everything
they're just they're just
number two are you tired of this fucking
shit bro bro are you the cheese I mean
we do have an ATM machine and we are in
what okay we've been here already half
an hour we cog blocks we can't block the
cop look with cock-blocked him although
he's driving a chick home and we just go
that's what he's good alright fuck wait
I'm sorry
you realize you're sorry about the wait
we're sorry about cog blocking sorry
what you're driving home I understand
what you mean to do that
shaking no no you heard me
all right guys this is the whole vlog
for you from two days I connected these
I'm sorry it's dark in here but the cops
just got us we gotta go we're gonna
continue tomorrow this hey hey wait
knock that dick in the shit
hey you just took a poop what'd he do
fuck it's a joke dude I'm always gonna
have a water bottle in my pocket so I
think the matter what like it was a
water bug dude look at the hole in my
pants the black guy did you just put
your own hole in that pants but just
like that
hi guys I love you I love you don't
forget smile more excuse me oh yeah
Villa Oh smells alright guys for real
villain villains villains don't smile
love you okay
bye guys I love you a smile and I love
you again we'll finish the ATM bring for
you by the way as you watching this vlog
round they hit my prank is up and the
asshole honking love you I was the one
ya guys are on the verge of getting
kicked out of here and besides I'm Park
where I'm supposed to be Park so you
guys get done and get out of here
