so we're on the way to film the ATM
Frank and look at Dennis
22 what are you doing this is how we're
driving to film the ATM pray yes I'm
gonna call out of my car you just grab
the wheel bit high let's do this let's
do this we rounded up I'm gonna pour in
a mission we're in a mission to rob that
car yeah can you jump could you I would
give you so much craps if you jump from
this car to it do it do it here you want
to be an action here go do Jason Statham
style Jackie Chan
alright Jason Statham fakes Jackie Chan
yeah oh my god the car driving into the
crew schedule I like sure we're not
slowing down he's getting out
so I asked for extra lemon and this is
what we get this is great
finally somebody listening to me usually
ask for extra lemon ha ha ha oh yeah
well I'll do what you did with Alex I
just buy you never know just buy a newer
I'm gonna do what you gonna do
doesn't my T blog huh give me back if
you got you got your chance right now
Oh sis on dude what are you doing
sorry oh uh slow but friendly fire
friendly fire this is so I'm not I won't
even do anything
just wait till tonight Roman
I bet good lemon oh my gosh it's like
you just chisel it tasted me not even to
show you fucked up my lands dude let me
see
yep it's not forever oh shut up look all
the acid on the lens probably washed off
oh yeah you washed again he's here I've
got I got the Midas touch bro have you
tried to wave it
don't make me buddy McHale
holy shit maybe the women ate the good
oh my god it was it's sour sauce also
it's all soft nice there we go sorry
boss don't be sorry
you fucking suck don't be sorry
I am pissed first fit oh yeah I took
some skittles with cigarettes I thought
it was nerds nerds what about your food
Papa Roach that has the dead ass and
give it to this ass ass mmm all we do is
make up a film when we can starting in
pranks Oh kind so hard chase is actually
my mood Walker do more come on be
serious bitty loggy loggy
all right good luck plug me bar you try
that's bad dude one senator seven hey
Dave yeah
all right chase you got to do that again
no way I got it
all right all right here we go let's go
flipper this perfect facial expression
when I do that's cool but then it's your
turn we all do a moonwalk challenge my
turn
yeah good come on bro hey I dramas turn
I didn't get any moonwalking on my vlog
yeah which I was yeah oh yeah so we just
shot our first clip for the ATM prank
and we were wrapping it up and over here
sirens and guess what happens there's
the clue laughing there's the police
police once again for every action last
night with cops called on us and this is
the first reaction cops are coming dude
we giving them hell but they're not
doing anything wrong because they should
know by now
ATM ATM it's fucking Roman and Vitaly
Dennis in shades there's a stream of ATM
robberies going on right now oh there is
this fucking guy no I mean why I
remember the cop telling us there's a
lot of ATMs getting robbed in the area
but seriously if I was a cop wouldn't it
off fuck wife I have to vlog this wait
what did you start my 24 this is all the
police here in Columbus so if they call
us for our ATM prints oh no no no we can
hear them coming before their time when
I came out for it Wow
just for the record those my physical
almost looking game clear now
why just for the record that was my idea
that's your fucking idea that's Grady
that's an awesome idea
10-4 we got a pedophile runnin down
naked huh that's pretty cool just
basically right off a run and targeted
robbed them would here target right any
robbed ever it's a police scanner that's
crazy
yes a chase Wow I didn't I thought I was
gonna hit the metal pair i rom I decided
to jump in and he broke the ATM guess he
thought he was action extra in action
and I also movie I watched pain and gain
I got all pumped up this pieces glider
would just rub the ATM legaia to make
you believe it on tape is here oh don't
get the big one done yeah we need the
flashlight to put in here people are
gonna go retired bro I'm hurt man are
you hurting hi yeah oh shit we just been
shooting it all night no cops tonight
because we got that radio and yeah this
is pretty much the hood this is where we
film all our videos when we come to Ohio
it's the best place to film it and
people are like oh why are you filming
all the time in the hood your pranks not
because we're racist cuz black I love
black people black people give the best
reactions they express themselves they
suppress it yeah
why go over the hood this is a white
guy's reaction
I can't cops I'm calling the cops this
is the black guy guys that's not very
mature I'm calling the police
get a real job get a real job yeah
that's with a juggler yeah there's a
white woman here's a white woman you've
the police bro you the police bro that's
that's it wait can I get my way
good what's your white guy reaction
don't put me I will see you literally
watch a lily washes white woman do this
she goes that's the perfect title for
this video why we film in the hood
that's the title of this vlog why we
filming is it it does need a dress
though yeah it does need a dress you
know it's not just I'm sorry it's not
just why do black people costumes
well anyways we've got one more reaction
for the ending we want to do something
really really really big for the ATM
Frank and hopefully this goes good but
we're tired we're gonna go eat we're
having again you remember what we said
yesterday was Dennis that if you stop
here they can ask you for money yeah we
gotta go I gotta go I don't have any
more cash to give out let's see what's
going to happen I was the one yeah guys
are on the verge of getting kicked out
of here and besides I'm Park one
supposed to be park so you guys get done
and get out of here
it's a rude house you're not just buying
this and leaving Wow he didn't get laid
in logs like fucking Germany wants like
Germany here cooking about it is a Nazi
war I got the same rights you have
that's great that's a great side of the
log so I got kicked out for this clip
right here I was scared too good how do
I get down
taken to all I was thinking if up a tag
are not cause anyone is forced to trip
over
I can't take this guy anywhere
you're gonna dick you given your this D
card that blocks is great yeah I'm gonna
start my vlog like that what you're
looking mighty fine thank you
haha so we just wrapped up I can't
believe that they went that far so we
just wrapped our an ATM prank up that
last seven days of filming that last
shot is incredible
the ending was absolutely Roman's idea
was absolutely unbelievable you were
great and what happened after we didn't
expect why literally people came from I
don't even see where they could come
from Mike's how ironic how could they
even know something happened that's yeah
seriously well an epic epic ATM prank
for you guys and when I say it's epic
we're actually proud of this one who I
said we're not gonna want to film it who
wants to film it out we gotta go to
court forget about the core for it we're
gonna be sitting on that video I don't
know what I'm gonna upload I don't know
you're gonna do what the hell just relax
this videos gonna be worth the wait you
guys are gonna literally fucking come
out of your butthole did it is literally
coming out your butthole do that videos
more intense than the Friday 13 video
more intense dudes army video was the
most attraction we've ever done in any
for every for every action for every
reaction we did the cops game except for
one except for a while yet a Friday 13
was like she's the last ones last we got
a hell we got a helicopter coming the
stoppers came out too and this police
officer was just sitting there and we
did it right there I guess he didn't see
it but I don't see how the people came
out of the I don't know people coming on
bikes people came off on the street
people come and running just if you guys
want to see more behind the scenes check
outs then his log Channel he just
started to vlog so what's your vlog
channel Dennis tell him Dennis Roady
vlogs Tom my you stop that already
blocks Dennis Roady vlogs yeah he
decided upload he's definitely logged
more than me on this trip because I was
busy with
filming and other stuff obviously was
busy filming too but I just another
level right now I'm not much Batali's
got some epic video yeah he's a growing
boy when that muscle league is tired oh
thanks Danny but anyways guys as I said
if you want to check out more check out
Dennis vlogs Roman has his vlogs and
chase Gilroy I love you guys I think I'm
gonna combine these into four days and
two vlogs because I didn't vlog that
much but I got to get some epic shit
I've been horsing around as you saw
anyways guys I love you Meucci shirt
designs are ready Oh tell them but I
love them Italian getting me one right
away right away hey that's why once
designs are coming out in June they're
ready they're ready I'm building I'm
just doing some touch-ups to my website
anyways guys then you forget oh I didn't
forget none of you I know you guys are
gonna shut up I love you alright guys
peace out dasvidaniya dasvidaniya okay
attention everybody
I would like to wish Nutella happy 15th
birthday
I've been spreading Nutella on the booty
since 1964 and I will
