good morning village what's up what's up
what's up thank you for coming back to
watch another vlog Wow Wow Wow
how beautiful is this this is so pretty
so me and Tony about to go to the pool
about to go to the beach enjoy take a
picture in the front of that beautiful
skyline and we're just gonna chill today
I just have a nice day
hang out enjoy ID we finally got to the
view look at this look at this beautiful
view Wow nice we got Tony in the house
and we got something what's up summer so
this guy this guy's been emailing me
about a trip to Jordan who thinks I
should go to Jordan a lot of people in
the comments you come to Jordan one day
definitely I'm gonna show me a good time
unanimous we're gonna go to Petra one of
the seven wonders of the world
uh-huh whether I'm waiting for the
Martian or the movie David Martin oh
that's cool nice man well so now we're
gonna talk about the trip but because
you remember what happened yesterday's
vlog I'm like I need a meet you in
person though oh look at this wow thank
you
are you alright yeah are you dead nice
shit fuck yeah
nice to meet you my 11 out of 10 what's
up you guys you guys took over the
comments she yeah okay okay and and even
though they can't even look and even in
the comments they said you should marry
this girl yeah and he says and I said
I'm gonna marry her one day
not right now when I'm when I'm ready
but I'm not she's gonna have to sign a
prenup that's for sure but what's up
Matt nice to meet you that's cool to
meet you
well let's take a picture about what
everyone what happened are you arrived
what's up how are you love you do not
understand
nice you oh yeah comfort what's up
alright went oh you know come here you
know how they know because I snapchat
the view
and everybody started coming here
because they can see the view and they
this yes Petrobras is a - founder I'm
here yeah all the way up there because i
snapchatted from my hotel the view they
are you coming to the meetup tomorrow
yeah guy to beat yak I meet you yeah
nice hunter pass by the security very
good al-azhar anything and I go up and
she CD but her phone died I took a
picture senator you know Elma is a
friend I'm sorry I can't where I came
from GB are yeah bro take it take it
you're gonna take a picture that you'd
nice things yeah and tomorrow we're
going through receipts farm book Rasta
money kicks that's my boy
we're gonna follow let me see your kicks
right now what's money I should much how
much you want me to sign I give you
phone from 1 million dollars this one so
what are you doing I'm irony for who
what you're Charlie's dervish what again
you hang
let's see how strongly you're gonna
start sweating I don't want you to sweat
for two minutes bro hanging for two
minutes okay fighting two minutes we get
me if I don't stop wait I don't know yet
I don't know
don't talk much skipping all right
okay weekend coming oh my god because
Maksim come on Vitaly look into it
you're gonna do so he's doing this for
you
yo it's 30 seconds you have a minute and
a half left a minute whoa it's slipping
yeah it's slip
I could hold more they just lay a hand
at the boy he's gonna win greenie don't
let me down don't let me down
he's my you guys grab this for years oh
yeah
oh my god
55 second more you got this bro you had
it you got money
yeah no no what forty's know it take
like when you do forty second please
forty second please think over many
things
yes think over your pick up 30 SEC's 50
TVs there you second you got a brother
you got it
please forty we're good
if I can do it bring it swag on win
right nineteen
viescha I we're gonna count down at ten
yeah all right baby is it almost almost
holding ten nine seven six five but
anyway a Bravo is it it cost
oh yeah
Oh
that's what I wanted to do as well
that's good it was good giving him
whatever you want beautiful leave a lot
of games for you what do you want
thank you hey thanks bye
let's go thank you
look at that I just wanted a steak house
and we finally got to the steak house
look at this guy
where's your food oh you got it oh nice
look at this oh I'm surprised I can
still eat steak after I broke my jaw
well I'm not supposed to but all right
we'll see okay first of all before we
get into this let's fly hi
give me a spin you know why she's a
woman superwoman
she's a woman superwoman she's a woman
superman version of the woman aka Wonder
Woman but some would recommend having a
traditional Arabic coffee I see and I
heard I heard that they told us because
I never lock the buttons you have to put
a little bit if you fill it up these get
the fuck out right it's true and
matches she is going to them no I mean
one yeah he wanted to show get the stove
is good Oh cheers Cheers
watch shot
Oh
everyone's like how much any better to
hang out with her how much did you know
the funny I lost my wallet I lost my
wallet I lost my wallet why do I have
all this - cuz she pays me
you
daddy
yeah
I have really bad news that I'm really
upset about Gubar the girl that says 11
out of 10 she left me right now and I'm
really upset
ah she did not leave me you know who
left me
Doha my aha
because I lost it because you suck she's
a badass I'm not gonna tell you in the
heart she's just a badass she she whips
she whips out the figures but she whips
was she didn't expect me to whip her
back so we get an argument so anyways
we're about to go to the petrol station
Doha go to sleep he is naturally weak
riskier
okay it's now because our stability
photos here
miss Jenny I need to business with me
but not you know it's funny that they
said it's just so weird because I've
never and I've never said that to a girl
and I have never seen in the comments
when I was like sometimes local girls
like you guys say clickbait my house one
girls
and nobody shows thought is as she comes
all of you should marry her you should
marry her honestly out of all my life
from 1993 when I was born so today if I
would ever marry a girl or ever had a
long relationship with I would have it
with her and you guys said it but hey
it's too early now but if I whatever
like married a girl which I would make
her sign up for you know you hear not
just a it's a compliment and they love
you and that's nice thank you for your
nice comments or whatever call me a
Persian slut I'm not mad anyways thank
you I really don't care about it
negative comments no no no because there
is they hating cuz they probed oh yeah
but seriously guys I want to tell you
guys and I forgot I forgot forgot forgot
oh I'm not hanging out with her because
she's hot and all that no Christopher
attitude I have never had a girl talk
back to me I have never girl had to tell
me what to do and
anyway so now we're talking you guys so
much for watching I love you please give
it a big thumbs up and they could all
face a enforcing it was saying forcing
the office
