character gentle goes back not okay
day two shooting muscle glasses but you
walk like in the car is this again shut
about the Chevelle it's wide if you can
get its muscle good and again lost
yesterday wanna hear the other that I
smell cop British so is this like a
Lamborghini back in a day pretty much
sure I can say it's on that level
affecting eating is it expensive but
gonna take it's expensive now really
focus that's not like a Honda Civic
you can't buy this for a price of a
Honda Civic no not with all these atoms
it was you gotta near camera pros it's
pretty cool yeah what's the other side
c18 for market
alright here we go guys and three two
one
so he's about to peel out bro about to
feel out that's a good one
that smoked oh ah comedians comedian
squirt though yeah oh yeah I got a shot
of that too
are you why your nipples off that car is
Ted young see you guys if you have a car
like this shoes they're down to go on a
date with you you should have what is
that like drift a peel peel fucking who
cares
yo I'm shooting till I got you on the
tickle boat what is that and I went wait
a minute I want to get me so good like I
want her to just you slide good zero I
mean let me just love to say by the way
I'm pumps there
you're not
no I'm in Chatham Island it took you
that long to realize oh my god I finally
got you he said yesterday I needed I
need to try harder where you go that's
funny that was like 20 times maybe maybe
more and you didn't turn around I
thought it was my ponytail I literally
make you make your own the streets that
is L and the producer says oh there was
such a nice disease bullshit and if
you're watching this uh look you're so
nice it's really big
yes yep that was awkward she just she
just watched that part oh yeah Harry but
your Christian say hi hi villains you
ready for me to say hi back to you yeah
smells well ah oh that smell there you
go you know this shirt yeah I think I
need to take over guys I just don't know
what you're doing
we have no idea
see we've been shooting all weekend like
this shirt and fizzy Todd Bledsoe's
right here yeah cuz he he's like I just
keep seeing you and I'm like look I'm
standing in front of you
what about what does I do it cleans a
lens all the dust and stuff though he
lays on one gee
Oh what's your name names petrol
surrounder petrol
yeah it's his birthday today guys you
know it's his birthday today and this is
like this is a birthday present I'm
giving him shit eating garbage I'm sorry
dude you loved that Christian I was
pretty good at it
yeah I'm kind of turning into a stock
man if you don't know uh be careful guys
careful crazy motherfucker yeah
real quickly just let me know you go
there I'll drop it from here drop it
three two one
okay can we do that one more time like
as soon as he's got it so we just
wrapped our shoot for two days worth of
two days thank you John John you're the
best director brah but now this guy
hasn't yelled once while you're not
yelling honey do you uh-huh and that's
how you get it done because he didn't
yell everything's because they fear my
penis so you don't have one no that's
the problem
that's why they fear it it's like I'm s
I'm like a kid no hahaha so yeah we had
the famous LA River once again famous
Kate was skate spots did for my car will
be great to have a photo shoot here
right now in water don't put it in the
middle
sorry my face you have to do us so much
thank you for being so nice like anyway
we're gonna top it thank you so much
these are my email monkeys if you guys
want some stunts for your videos hit
those guys up email email monkeys oh
they're not emo yes see oh that emo you
know I gotta hear this thank you guys
thanks thanks take thanks bro all right
guys I'm gonna continue my night
probably celebrating but once again I
don't drink so I don't know what how I'm
gonna celebrated whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa guys well it's midnight I just woke
up I got home from the shoot I was
exhausted I just woke up the video
turned out badass I can't wait for you
guys to see
thank you for muscle glasses Thank You
Harley for giving me opportunity to be
part of this thank you guys for coming
along I love you guys so much thanks for
watching I'm gonna grab something to eat
and I'm going to go back to sleep
tomorrow's a new day time to go to the
gym time to film a new prank I love you
guys I love you guys so much thanks for
watching tell me what's your plans for
summer what's your plans for summer or
by the way Instagram contest five more
days left if you're watching everything
believe four more days left it's like a
eighty eight thousand followers to go
guys if you haven't followed me in that
circle follow me
all right guys I love you love you love
you love you that's Danya three two one
action nice party you throw Draven
