what up guys I just got to set for the
muscle glasses that I was talking about
yesterday we get something what's up man
oh you know same old
yeah working look at this setup man this
is nice what are these for what did you
have to cover these lights yes they were
playing on the wall so that it looks a
little more than where we're shooting it
the digital ball acts look at this this
is the cap on six oh this is nice um
this is just a close-up shot of mussels
glasses taking the sandwich and shoving
in his mouth huh the glass of wine it's
fine camera speed scene four take one
camera and action
turned it off
then we need like a piece of bacon or
something that would be good - yeah yes
so we just wrapped up on our first bit
and by the way this is director John hi
besties energy dude how much coffee did
you drink this morning usually have one
cup well granted mic cups are like the
old like know you remind me of sama
Corona you know say macaroni yeah yeah
actually you're like yeah did you just
like him yeah yeah he's crazy just like
you but we just wrapped up and we headed
to where Long Beach Long Beach Long
Beach and yeah I know I have a whole
bunch of makeup on gotta cover that sexy
acne that I got there so it's Christian
you guys know Christian right okay good
tub guys so we're gonna do some shooting
we're gonna do some fun stuff right yeah
you're gonna do shooting dance with
Shelby you're shooting dance when I'm
shooting you bitches be like we gotta
get our Starbucks on a put up a channel
out there
why don't you becoming that would put
you on the guest list
ladies lying it's okay oh right right
uhit's like my grandmother three two one
action nice party you throw Draven I
know you were coming guess I'm fine this
guy's looks like my grandmother let the
girl go
you're under arrest
okay let the girl go
you're under arrest and this is how you
do it that's your song I'll let me see
it let me see let me see it oh look at
her she's working she's gorgeous oh
excuse me
we got a ratchet in the house so what do
you call that then just a little booty
dance it's a very little booty dance
that's not a little booty now you
definitely squad she definitely squad
alright guys so I just left set and look
what they did to me look look at the
fuck they fucking stripped me
I'm literally naked running down the
street fatness out and the producer says
oh there was such a nice physique
bullshit I'm fat as hell no but I mean
she wants to get it in she's gonna wash
this shoe Aaron if you're watching this
I love you you're so nice it was really
great working with you I Hannah I know
it's not over yet what are you doing
well running sound here today how do you
know I didn't know we're doing a horror
movie
oh no it's not for overweight yourself
that's my look this is what we need to
do for dinner
on public this done this is what we need
to have so he's about to explode blood
right yep oh yeah it's supposed to
represent an 80s super villain villain
I'm the villain I'm the villain I am
you're the hero
yeah well in this video yeah what am i
YouTube I'm a villain well in real life
and I think we know real villain right
there you can tell by his picture he
called me before this shit was a picture
it's nothing less between these dirty
Russian look at you bro I'm sorry look
what you gon do you like they can thrash
and that's what you have to protect
yourself from the bear gets ready in
there and there runs away you look like
you're ready to go to Ukraine right now
here's a product by the revolution look
nice alright let's do this alright can
bike automatically quit rolling and we
are good parts late cameras were set or
net all right okay and a key what do you
think has the upper hand here
oh no I mean just expected like to cut
is sharted look like you've got stigmata
what the fuck was that you I just waited
all this time that's right that's what
the pop of knights good then you go
wrong again
see you guys it was nice working with
everybody see you tomorrow
see you bro nice camera work
yes great wait shit thanks thanks all
right we do out fucking naked moving to
LA all right guys I know this was much
not really a lot of vlog but yes picked
on my friend Logan went for dinner and
now I'm here home I'm very tired I gotta
wake up at 6 a.m. for muscle glasses I
know it wasn't such a long log hopefully
I can make it up to you tomorrow
but I know that this was actually
entertaining vlog so anyways guys I love
you love you love you
the seed Anya we're big fans of yours
and Europe your ideas make us laugh
would you this picture of you and hope
you like it we're hoping you put it in
your next video so
