what up guys I just got to my mom's
place and this is what happening what
happened this is oh it's just so
annoying what's happening that's my mom
cooking skills ah you don't know how to
cook what's happening
safety first guys safety first
anyways I don't have let me let me do
this later
I'll wait oh here we go it's over I
guess the building is useless shit
sensitive around here but anyways I
haven't done the vlog in a couple days
guys I'm sorry I'm sorry and I'm sorry
anyways I was working a lot of stuff
movie stuff praying someone I want to
blow it a lot of friends this month for
the main channel cuz I've been slacking
I know you don't have to tell me but I
haven't been slacking because I was
actually working in the movie but
anyways tomorrow I got a fun vlog for
you tomorrow I'm shooting muscled
glasses with Harley from Epic Meal Time
that's his new YouTube channel Muscle
glasses I'm gonna be playing a cop 80s
cop I gotta study the script tonight is
gonna be freaking amazing and awesome
I'm gonna guys bring you with me I know
I skip two blogs but then we got this
rat over here what's up it's a rat it's
a rat hey this is my favorite dog what
might be a rat yeah yeah gonna gonna I'm
kidding I like Edward but still I don't
know so what's happening with you guys
how you guys been by the way let me show
you Sunday cuz Sunday there was no vlog
let me show you why there was no vlog
let me show you a flashback of Skrillex
here we go
yeah that explains a lot huh
Skrillex was off the chain I know some
of you is so commas you know like
Skrillex I don't give a shit
I fucking love him you know why cuz he
goes because there's no word he goes
nuts and I love that the music the hype
is non-stop I've been listening to
Skrillex while I go to the gym I've been
listening to Skrillex while I Drive I'm
in love with Skrillex don't want to suck
Skrillex dick absolutely yes but not
ever that was a part real but anyways
guys what's been happening with you how
was your weekend so I'm about to eat
some cat litter and a salad or cochlear
trick is a cock cutlet cut Lea T in
Russian but and you can say cock do you
wanna cock Letta say yeah they're like
what beefcake pretty much Roman love
this big cakes
snap his finger it doesn't like you that
much
Oh
polish almost 7:00 well I strongly seven
and what about this right so I just got
to Dennis's house and we are gonna read
some fan mail and we're gonna go over
it's the new spot we're gonna go over
muscle glasses
sure oh by the way since you come here
muscle glasses now I already told him
earlier but come here close the
refrigerator I'm gonna tell him no no no
I treated the guy who get sent me B
shirt oh yeah
this shirt is so awesome it's I'm
wearing it to court yeah it's uh I
forget his it's a level his name is the
his Twitter is a th e l e ve l see oh no
no no no no let's keep the shirt on keep
it on yes what not listen I told you
this is large so it's not totally to
send me a medium shirt said you know
what I'm sure no you know what I'm gonna
do
I'm not it's not a shout out or anything
it's cuz the shirt is awesome but this
is gonna be even more awesome listen
when we go to court June 28th nobody
things I have all stored this shirt I'm
wearing this shirt to court and I'm but
before I worried I wanted to make a
little fun cuz I know I'm gonna get it
I'm gonna put it on Facebook and say if
I get 215 thousand likes on this picture
I'm going to court what do you guys
think should I wear this shirt to court
of course the most of you gonna say yes
I'm not offending I love police guys
bitch you think I have friends some
friends cops there is a cool cops we
have nothing against the police but
there is some visual it's being behind
the uniform that's true so yeah it's not
only the police officers there's nothing
wrong with police officer please look
great police are good thing oh there's
some awesome awesome Carver's fitting
you brother
it's just you guys that's using her pen
yeah porque let's through the script
Brock the doors kicked open muscled
glasses in kinks key enter guns and
ready surely enough
there's Draven 45 dressed like a badass
yet a classy villain people gonna think
I wrote this he's holding Nikki
beautiful young businesswoman with a
black eye as a human shield his gun is
to her head
King ski nice party you throw in here
Draven if I'd known you were coming I
would have put you on the guest list
Kinski Nikki my grandmother Kingston let
the girl go
Draven you're under arrest who do you
think has the upper hand here detective
look 79 I've been watching your videos
since the miami's a zombie one of course
you're literally the funniest person on
YouTube I'm glad your channels getting
so big your videos inspire me to live
life to the fullest and actually enjoy
everything I'm always happy
Wow well that's good I created my own
clothing brand the level and I'm trying
to oh that's the guy
no way yes they got a good shirt cool
man he's gonna be so happy make sure he
sends you a medium
he's yes I created my own clothing brand
called the level and I'm trying to use
it to change the world I sent you three
shirts here which I'm not worrying
because they're larger it said crooked
cops they'll level chains and get on the
level the cops shirt is for the people
to show that we aren't scared of police
and if they're going to just being
corrupt and abuse their power then we're
going to do something about it and not
just stand by it and let it happen
ooh I like you like this guy right man
something drew me up
just be cool feel like you just took a
shit you a read-only couple we're big
fans of yours and Europe your ideas make
us laugh
would you just picture of you and hope
you like it we're hoping you put in your
next video so you know you got it thanks
Timothy and Titus my name is Whitney but
everybody calls me cupcake I wanted to
tell you that your pranks are hilarious
and I watch them every time watched
every single
be your future are you featured in it
I'm 13 and I showed my parents some of
your videos now they can't stop watching
you my mom likes the videos where you
give the homeless men a makeover and
when you give out one thousand turkey
sandwiches to the homeless my favorite
my favorite videos are the Russian
hitman lightning my soul on fire Friday
the 13th
Miami zombie catching a predator and
five on the hood good choice yeah those
are my my favorite ones do that's a good
choices once I have my driver license I
will drive down to California and
accomplish one of my dreams of meeting
you you should have meet and greet close
2-strand stand for New Jersey I can't
wait til you upload more crazy pranks
most I also wanted to congratulate you
on your movie coming out could you
please read this out loud on one of your
vlogs and I will send you some Nutella
sensitively Whitney Wow thanks Whitney
knows really nice I'm actually going
probably to visit PvP in New Jersey so
probably I have a meet-up there dude
yeah what is this I bet you're on a diet
bro I am
I live make it jiggle the thing is the
scientists you're gonna put those aside
your door
he's twerking what the garage is
jiggling that's for sure
he made the garage they go listen dude
my I'm I'm moving watch I'm sure you
look I said oh we can lift the garage
where we're going we're gonna go watch
dude the neighbor fucking trailer on
youtubes our or annoying as hell saying
put a bunch of crunch in popcorn eat it
is it good if you Twitter that so we
just left the movie guys and about to go
home way too much something like you
don't you tell him about the popcorn
that popcorn was good and I also went to
back and bought some Reese's Pieces it
was dope
hi guys I'm gonna call it a night I guys
love you so much thanks for watching I'm
gonna try to keep up with these logs I
got a fun date tomorrow the seed on yeah
let's watch this whoa look it down why
I'm just gonna
