what an amazing view what an amazing
view
whatup guys so it's another day in Vegas
and we are gone fuck my lens
look at this view guys look at this you
what's up villains so we are day two in
Vegas and I just can't describe how
beautiful it's right now behind me I'm
so blessed to be here well not really
but not really
I think Vegas is more blessed to have me
here then I I'm in Vegas but again it is
shift
I mean anything
that view though that view whatup guys
so this is day two in Vegas and we are
going to go crazier than we went the day
before we just woke up it's about 5:00
p.m. we're about to go pick up some
girls for tonight and do some damage
let's go what up guys I'm here with my
girlfriends were just hanging out that's
right and we had what do we had it -
babe we are hitting Caesars Caesars yes
you guys should just make out right now
no I'm not yes stir us too early right
now come on come on
cheese
this is not really great grinding music
that's my type of music dog what's up
calling Dave you look like a model but
that wind really good I look like model
I am a model numbers here there and it's
been going so good so far right yeah the
only reason I can't vlog this shit is
because some girls don't want to give
their number while they're on camera so
I can't really put that in there but
today is a much better energy than
yesterday
so since Floyd Mayweather never replied
to your guys tweets that you guys
attacked it you guys did a wonderful job
by the way did it an insane job you you
have them tweet glory will they ever do
that I like to 3,000 tweets so he never
responded are fucker so right now we're
going to try to sneak into the fight for
you guys so right now we're MGM line
every year but so I guess the fight is
going to start involved
and all the rest yeah I swear I walk
through I don't know I don't know how
it's just happy guys but we snuck them
to the place how do you know what fuck
up dude I don't how do you know it would
be possible to stinking so for you might
mayweather fight but I'm in I'm in ok
yeah maybe we need to keep our mouths
quiet
yeah hey they're gonna wonder how we did
it so why don't you tell my would do it
do we just walk through that area right
there and nobody nobody noticed nobody
even notice Nene Nene yeah meaning any
I'm happy guys
please mad ready
he's very much a fucking shower man I do
a shit yeah you gotta be doing right
what happened what happened bro when
he's with his linearise mouth hey a
vagina vagina vagina vagina
me too bye fine Miami Brady 305 baby you
know what we go bitch you guys think
these are cute
gotcha
was that good was that good so they are
a little bit chocolate or fucking stick
my hand can I touch it girl black girls
- the best thing ever existed on earth
since Abraham Lincoln so guys we had to
go back to our hotel to actually change
for the fight because we're not gonna
have any time to go back shit we're
gonna get some girls right after the
fight we're gonna go to the club and
then we're gonna do some damage right
sir oh yeah uh uh
shine it down don't hit my dad like that
oh yeah this is just cons that ha
yeah
Oh
Oh
he's gonna knock down right
Oh
oh this is good girl but red told you
he was waiting the whole time for the
gungeon fuck tomorrow
you
yeah
bronzor go
I am a grand we go to the scorecards
judge every time my poker deck scores
about 114 to 114
to 160
the winner by majority decision he is
now the area
Oh
holy shit there was a shooting just a
girl somebody just shot somebody what
happened Fisher
holy shit what the fuck
somebody just shot somebody holy fuck
those moving
I left my wallet yeah we were just like
steady there
oh my god it was like a fucking tsunami
coming no I thought my boy
fucking shit little Kagoshima this is
the best lockers
what happened somebody shot someone
my blog what happened tell them what
happened so somebody goes sure did you
hear the gunshots or should people just
ran without even hearing that's fucking
crazy oh my yeah
alright guys thanks so much for watching
I just woke up I passed out last night
after going clubbing thank you guys so
so so so so much for watching and
hopefully you enjoyed this vlog alright
guys I'll see you tomorrow peace why you
cover your chocolate face it's so pretty
I want to eat it I want to eat it I want
to eat their chocolate face
