ah you sexy people what up what up
sorry just got to my mom's place and I'm
getting a haircut from my mom ha ha yeah
you guys probably left me a haircut from
your mom she's been doing this for 10
years but she doesn't no longer 20 20
years 20 years and I'm getting a haircut
for Vegas because most of you know
already Kong and I are headed to Vegas
tonight so we're gonna have fun I'm
gonna bring you you with me
and right now I'm just gonna freshen up
for the ladies so when I'm in Vegas you
know and I actually have burned spots
from that party with Harley you guys
remember when I with myself a fart oh
yeah of course you just want to get into
the camera well before don't feel me
don't feel me now you want to be in the
camera look at that she even has a
cherry see it's the real deal people
it's a real deal it's I'm bored I'm
bored looks not it looks really nice I
think so
that's TRL obviously ah let me get up
through here please no it's nice look at
all
how does it look guys what do you guys
think about the new haircut looks pretty
nice what right Wow took my shoes off
why Neal my lipstick all right guys time
to eat head to the gym and go to Vegas
all right guys I just picked up Kong
give me a card say hi player sixties
Asian alive and we are heading to Vegas
in my new baby yes guys you guys are
commenting in the comments is that your
new car Charlotte Shaw's well here you
go I don't like to show off but yes this
is my new
our and show off yet but if five in five
hours of a drive we're gonna make it in
probably three hours - - yes this is v8
jagira after nine 500 horsepower it's a
death machine it's a definition what do
you think
do my mazda3 smoke this shit so we just
drove halfway pretty much what you think
about the ride you hear yeah we're gonna
take showers anyway but yeah luckily no
cops shower you're not gonna take a
shower why not it was like a dirty my
who kill them dirty dirty boy a little
dirty boy when I used to be in Russia I
used to take a shower once a week every
Sunday because we didn't have hot water
I'm sure everyone today vlogs they got
to know about about you where you at
congee I think I'm in Vegas right and
Vegas baby that you don't
do anything about that view bro we
fucking Vegas I miss this place dude
every time I come here I have the best
memories best memories do you I just got
to the room and it's fucking sick we got
a little mini kitchen over here look at
this we got a messed up that shower it
off dude these showers are the best when
you just sit down no you don't fat you
did something pop up a something else so
I'm sleeping here pretty much yeah and
look at this how do you open this hold
on Oh orgasm bro
that view bro orgasmic oh this is
awesome
we'll throw some girls off the building
hell yeah dude this is awesome so we got
candy in the house what's up candy bra
and we got my friend James in here and
honestly honestly I don't know I've been
telling him how stupid this is gonna be
because this is gonna get really really
stupid I've never been excited like this
because I don't know I can't talk right
now like dude oh this is stupid
yeah don't drink alcohol it's really bad
for you yeah I know today's the hooker
central in Vegas guys
boy you might blame weather premium
right
what it is yeah Mayweather is fighting
so it's a premium for the hooker set
thousand bucks guys it's because of a
thousand bucks
what's up guys I didn't know that these
are to you guys my ex-girlfriends you
hang out together oh come on don't be
shy why you cover your chocolate face
it's so pretty I want to eat it I want
to eat it I want to eat their chocolate
face what about your booty she said no
thank you so night out
I just off all have to do is officer
local commercials like okay hey how much
hundred bucks okay I can afford that
okay now we're going up how about the
condom oh that's fine I don't give a
shit okay I give you aids ha that's fine
okay
let's go all right it's good ski fuck
vlog all right guys it's what time is it
I think it's 7 a.m. 7 a.m. we're just
coming back and we couldn't vlog oh my
god your booty looks good
oh my god this is actually the I'm
statue sure that I better we're in the
gold digger prank I'm actually giving
this away you know that I'm doing an
Instagram contest this week yeah give it
away two girls away no you want to hear
the prizes yeah what is it
so I'm doing an Instagram contest where
I fight reach by May 15th
half a million followers I'm gonna pick
a random comment from this picture where
I'm not blow this fifth place gets on
Instagram yeah okay I'm gonna pick five
random comment fifth place gets a shirt
fourth place gets a I'm picking a girl
$500 Victoria's Secret card
third place gets a third place gets that
gets the gets a it gets what it should
be what should they get my old vlog
camera that will make that second place
gets my gold diggers shirt first place
I'm flying out a fan to film a prank
with me that's cool sounds like pretty
good yeah I will announce the winners
happening but yeah and we couldn't
really vlog much cuz every time I came
up to a girl she hit her face don't fill
me don't fill me because why cuz they're
all prostitutes yeah they didn't want
their mom to see you know there were a
surprising amount of prostitutes
breaking news guys breaking news so I
didn't I was lazy to go withdraw cash so
I asked calling for $500 cash and I take
that $500
and I go gambling Ashley and telling
what happens next you won more than
double that with one hand and I got
lucky
he's like a always negative but today I
went positive that's a good thing you
know that's a really good thing bro yeah
you know how much I won zero
you gotta play tomorrow though yeah well
we're gonna walk through the hotel right
now so there's a roulette table all
right guys I don't know what happened
last night I just woke up and sorry I
messed with enough people last night
because you just really didn't want to
be on camera but today I promise is
gonna be is gonna get really crazy it's
gonna get crazy crazy crazy all right
guys well I love you guys stay safe and
no fucking away that's moonshine I would
never drink that we're drinking before
no we have it
no you smell this
