good morning good morning ladies and
gentlemen I am headed to print new
shirts I got the designs ready
I want to go print because you guys keep
asking I'll when you sure it's Battaglia
when you sure it's Vitaly I wouldn't you
sure to tell it well you're about to get
your new shirts they're awesome all
right guys and then I'm gonna go to the
gym lift some chicken arms skip the leg
day and go have some fun let's go so I
just left a shirt company place and the
shirts are gonna be here in like a week
and a half and the designs are sick
completely sick I think you guys all
love them they're for everybody
and yeah it's gonna be a big surprise
guys and once again I think you will
love it I got a blog a little bit so
guys all day I did not have a vlog for
you because I didn't do shit I all I did
is home and Santa jerked off honestly
that's what I did Kevin we're heading to
Alex mine Dale's house and you see to
say hi to Jesse chill a little bit say
hi to him again
say hi to Gina again
you know have some fun maybe let's see
well this house is crazy no give me that
energy
this house is fucking crazy inspiring
we're just gonna barbecue you know we're
just gonna chill out on the patio and
then I called my buddy nah we can't
chill around the fire that would have
been so awesome wait don't ya don't
block me dude this is awesome
whoa fire so we're not gonna drink
really tonight whoa picture big dragon
Jesse's coming yeah Alex yeah so tell me
about these drinks I just had what's the
best one here in the market right now
aren't you a bartender - yeah yeah
mixology for how many jobs did you do to
go skydiving
wait you're a boss you like do you care
to just make me something foolish yes
yeah surprising
I haven't feel hold on me make sure he's
not making a drink how's that moonshine
no fucking away that's moonshine get it
well why we never drink till we're
drinking before no we have it do you
really know robbing alcohol robbing
alcohol damn these are my absence right
here and full dose of wormwood as well
I'll stick with no villains get your
drink on Billings
yeah the villain shit well we're about
to be a villain right now right now I'm
not a drink here I got Vegas tomorrow
bro I'm showing the chili yeah
liquor closets you want me to me are you
taking why does everyone go for the fire
yes what was the shotgun the time that's
in my Remington 870 that's great I got
nervous
oh no it's just for you oh yeah I want
to see what is this why her only one I'm
gonna make one - I'm just saying no I
already I've named it I already have a
name for this for this shot this game
for its lag away we're gonna call it the
Donald sterling I like that your
camera's hot out you're the smartest
ruffle me slug is nothing to drink yeah
I'm not drinking guys I really don't
drink so that's not for me even don't go
into Vegas tomorrow you don't man what a
drinking Vegas dude really no come on
you started working out bro there's no I
know you just turn right now there's no
way in hell you're gonna go to Vegas
that's not drink that's what everybody
says yeah cuz you can't because I'm
gonna bring a girl problem I go to
Skrillex and you're gonna be the
blackjack table slinging those chips
like it's nobody's business you're gonna
be talking to a pretty girl and then the
the drink waitress is gonna come by and
she's playing drinks everybody and
you're gonna go can I get some 2% some
skim milk how are you like shaking it
yes I was in your way it's gonna go
peace out losers it's gonna happen why
do girls worry this way that's fucked up
I was gonna get all the beer not on
she's gonna you know what you know who
orders non-alcoholic beers at a casino
in Las Vegas
serial killers that's him because they
have to concentrate where the murder is
gonna happen
and how far yeah yeah exactly in people
with windowless we call this Syrian
people waiting people we know this man
so I have a serial killer I like I like
cereal which one get away faster a while
do it I'll win even with Vitaly sticking
a hundred dollar bill out of the zipper
going ladies ladies come on see this
later
Alex so what does this play to do but
you can wait yeah also you would break
my legs right now right if you do not
even into it yeah
is it Bernie yeah hey guys yo so Alex
thank you for feeding me dude of course
you're a real friend
I'm eating meat blow with pesto Tabasco
and Parmesan cheese and he's cleaning
rod I want the lazy shit
it burns no don't don't put it off yeah
I don't know you guys make you think
it's a joke this shit will burn yeah bro
don't do it it's a picture of the fish
what do you see right there just a fish
right so walk over here let's see over
here will they see will I see you know
what I was
it's a girl oh I almost kill her by
giving alcohol she turned red
oh shut up we're just getting ready for
VidCon that's all we do so guys I hadn't
had one drink tonight but Kevin told me
if I came strumming the car because I
don't know how to drive like apparently
if he keeps driving like this so Kevin
and I so Kevin and I decided to eat
again I guess Kevin where we eating brah
and why are we here right now this time
at 1:30 thing kind of thing you got the
munchies state probably no they're gonna
think you have the money we have to pay
you pay now I'm kidding you're up they
watch it you drove tonight it's the
least thing you can pay all this we have
an hour and 24 minutes on the meter
that's great awesome let's go all right
guys I know this vlog is kind of boring
I'm sorry I'm just thought I didn't do
anything today I'm going to Vegas
tomorrow start promised in Vegas I'll
make it up in Vegas you cannot watch
shitty blog guys no no Vegas Vegas is
gonna be great I'm gonna make you guys
are gonna have the best blog in Vegas I
promise all right guys so I love you
villains and beasts out hey are you
rushing you should did you know you
should play basketball
basketball
and your advice
