yo what up Dennis yo what's up just on
my phone as usual busy guess what baby
what's up million followers on Facebook
whoa thank you guys so much they dude
dude that's unbelievable remember so you
remember when we wanted to get a million
subscribers and they our YouTube channel
but now I have a million on Facebook
holy shit guys thank you so much there's
like 10 football stadiums I worked so
hard for this thank you guys you guys
are the best now my goal is gonna be
Instagram I have an idea
leave me how should I celebrate my
million followers on Facebook I want to
make a video celebrating if only for
Facebook video but like crazy
give me something crazy ideas I don't
know like I'm million followers
give me a crazy idea y'all tell me what
tell me what the hell is going on right
this look at this mac and cheese doctor
after blurry nights this is what you get
guys chili mac and cheese with the half
the chicken with barbecue sauce and
after this a Nutella crepe you have to
soak all the alcohol in soak it all tell
equate to will celebrating million
followers I'm allowed so guys this is my
really good friend Alex we met in Miami
about two years ago and he's moving to
LA now so he picked me up in his Porsche
and we are going to to dinner and maybe
have to get some drinks and you know you
know maybe after ya get a little gay
let's see huh me drift for this vlog
holy shit I don't think that they just
saw it just happen
excuse me a wondering do you know any
closer closer abortion center yeah I got
this girl pregnant last night no no no I
don't want the baby I just want it you
guys are ten ten out of ten great couple
I want you to kiss her and say you love
her say you love her with porn stars we
do shit like that all the torn stars
nice nice nice you fit in the cat in the
category we've got to go to Bed Bath &
Beyond
gonna have to write shower you know what
they say about black man you got to be
scared of them in bed oh shit shit shit
probably she can't handle it guys no
she's not gonna she's sweating guys
she's I'm sorry we said for meat and
potatoes Oh mashed potatoes he's a good
Christian shit
I'll keep you updated tomorrow how much
I might join them tonight guys so I'm
taking a picture of four guys they asked
you to take a picture that's fine but if
you want a picture with four guys lemme
let my ladies go in so looks like you
got some girls tonight ladies please go
take a picture with them
four guys asked to take a picture come
on you need some ladies around your
pictures what kind of picture without
the ladies am i right
Alex am i right fuck you're right
that's right my battery's about to die
guys I love you I might see you again I
love you I love you I love you so so
he's basically trying to stay after two
o'clock they're gonna get in trouble
he wants it you want it yeah but before
he takes it
he's gonna take an empty bottle thank
you sir sorry
CW takes care of me I'll take care of
STDs how much do you charge an hour what
I'm just asking you how much you charge
it now
what the fuck do you do in three o'clock
in the morning by yourself damp pans are
down bro oh shit
that's the new swag what's up bro what's
your name me I'm from 69 you're blurry
bro my face does not recognize your face
my me my my camera does not recognize
the face leg this guy's the true hero
man we just saw you come out too much
man but we're 611 6-7 s top central so
what are you doing over here
party you getting some pussy tonight man
got one man you know I'm elbow right now
side note saying he's getting some
beautiful woman how much she's like I'm
not a prostitute
yeah you know why she's not a prosthetic
has this beautiful husband then what to
touch his car
Oh kill him you guys a beautiful couple
when is the baby coming out of hey hey
nice job the Red Death I got it I got it
I got it I got it don't let go I'm not
touching know what's such you I am
flying right now back to Florida
