what is dog villains I don't want to
yell it's a next day in Dubai beautiful
day I'm extending my trip for another
two days and it's gonna be amazing
got Tony over here forgot my do low
right now as you pick this up from
boulevards place and I'm gonna check in
a later in the hotel today and we want
some kebab are you excited for kebab
I love we're going to my and we would be
eating spaghetti bolognese I am even
except yeah we had that one there
so today so today I don't know what we
do we're just going with the flow but I
want to show them Dubai because in Abu
Dhabi which is enjoyed Formula One and
Ferrari world we didn't get to see
myself my god Wow Tony Wow so beautiful
look at this that's a new bridge I've
never seen and look at the skyline so
pretty
we got my bridge khalifa i love you i
love you
what's up brother what's up how are you
fine
so he brought us the kite Beach and I
just want to let you guys know I brought
Tony here to one of my favourite Dubai
Nutella pancake places for me they put
him in a picture up to the wall with me
it's amazing here and it's awesome and
you excited for this prize like that hi
yes
I can come here right I work here look
you know this is the best place in the
world do ordinary place for the pancakes
thank you so much beautiful place to
wait in there nothing less than the
first time I walked here then I said
that people started coming here and
asking people come here and ask what
they like these eachother years after
the first time I was here look and I
know myself my boy sounds bad it's
because I'm screaming the club and I'm
fighting other guys and it's feeding the
club and stuff but I'm just chilling
beautiful gorgeous so nice so nice the
weather is beautiful I Tony first bite
on camera over these pancakes let me
know so these are the vitally vitally
pancakes oh my god
I'm fucking delicious really be melts in
your mouth
this is it's real hot you watch the
vlogs
no church on something he's brought back
go back look hey I wanted I want to
learn it on the ramp go down yes we'll
go up
I never knew 10 million subscribers they
have to do like a lifetime of videos
hundred likes I'm interviewing him he's
so excited right now this for me on many
TVs ven and ITV brain white logo please
follow me si si what's up bro
so we're you gonna take us right now
okay you're gonna show me show the toys
all right here we go okay what about
what am I just in LA
well gold diggers would love it you've
enough to talk look I need a car like
this
well you need your glasses on well you
need your glasses on I'm gonna drive me
back to LA
I heard address the water so
oh look at Stephanie look at Lauren over
there oh my god Brittany I missed you
how are you Brittany you miss me how are
you Oh Prince this is the princess oh
I'm gonna pop this cherry I'm gonna pop
your cherry oh my god
it's weird I I'm in love with oh I know
these cars are more expensive when like
whatever even if I could afford this car
I was really driving a rented one I was
something about did you put all these
stats oh okay we're gonna do it okay
because people get into an old talk
there's no 105 yeah what's up all right
here-ish me write car vlogger this is
the memories you know everything about
this this is my normal environment
around the copy machine
so what car you drive nice try and of
course but you travel because of your
hobby yeah I created videos road trips
going to events I came I have to move in
YouTube yeah yeah but what do you look
for a living to eat your paper what's
your name come et/pt music so you must
be getting a lot of use during all this
cause I got to step up my game but it's
nice meeting you're always awesome
thanks hi guys what the local butcher
shop my favorite place in the world nice
not like strong like the coffee that's
nice and the nice part what is it about
anything good wood wood or no is it how
are you what are you putting such a nice
welcome Tony wants from Doha smooth
yeah so you see that I'd like to try to
put anything raw this guy's the man you
were here and I started in these guys
sometimes this is the friendship we're
just hanging out
friends old businesses fight these guys
are great yeah no stress my buddy
screaming over my ear just chew it and
look at this guy oh you told me you've
been doing it this guy we're about to go
to its farms to see the cheetah and you
said you got in your line official bro
and welcome
no more good yeah without you understand
that
how is it
yeah I'll be like 19 it's still highly
possible
this is business frame time great time
do you guys hear the truth yeah so
you've in the freeway it's time to brave
they pull over to the side go better
pray bless them lay down lay down cuddle
cuddle
that's so cute no now we're together
please not me no let me take a picture
let me take a picture of you like a
killer man no stress no nothing finally
our own room why promise actually it was
a pharmacy why do I get going
but no hope you have a seat yeah that's
me sharing with my guys that barely know
with senior driver see no stress just me
and Tony just chillin correct
this is the bike I know this is the room
so you know this is how I like holy shit
one that's the cat view that's all it
super all this is every time I come to
the bike this is how I experience Dubai
but then like basically guys no
contracts if you know a sign a contract
did not go anywhere no for mistakes I
did I make a mistake sure I'm too nice
to people that's it that is now changing
I had too much heart now let me enjoy
did you remember super tired super
exhausted I know like where is the party
in Dubai usually when you come your
party every dirty came for business
showing you the logs I'm gonna reveal
another big secret soon about to buy in
a good way a good way but anyways please
give this video a big thumbs up and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
let's see that
