the Opera with the villains what's going
on I just basically said good morning in
Russian but anyways what's up guys I got
a busy day I got a lot of meetings I'm
gonna bring you the best vlog possible
here you know and you're gonna follow me
along you guys ready
because we're gonna go on the wild ride
let's go so guys we're walking to our
meeting right now and the meeting is for
a new app that Justin Bieber is
launching I don't know if I'm allowed to
name the app but yeah it's gonna be
Justin Bieber and I got a lot of
investments in it like Ellen DeGeneres
we got a Ludacris and all those big guys
I believe Drake all the biggest artists
and they want me to be part of this app
so I'm very excited and let's go check
it out if I should be part of it or not
so I just got done with the meeting and
it's pretty cool the app is gonna be
called follow follow FA HL o and it's
really cool it's engaging with your fans
and how close you can get to them and
stuff and I'm gonna be part of 30 hubs
which are gonna be like Ludacris uh sure
Drake Justin Bieber and I'm gonna be
part of those 30 so I think this is an
awesome opportunity I'm gonna see how
the app works out you guys gonna be able
to ask me questions personally it's
gonna be awesome
there's so much going on but that's not
for another while so I'll keep you
updated on that one guys guys only if
you knew how pissed I am right now I
just started vlogging just right now
like I mean I just started vlogging
because I didn't know it's gonna be that
interesting but no it's fucking
interesting I've been waiting in this
car for about two hours waiting for
Dennis to get his damn check for his new
apartment two hours I'm sitting in this
little car that it was only like 12
inches long or whatever how many inches
I'm fucking bored so then it's just got
done and I think he's so happy because
he done everything yeah right two hours
two hours and nothing done
it was two hours he means miss
understood everything
Wow Dennis the Menace we watch Dennis
the Menace today and miss that movie
that was all my favorite time moving
over kind of muscles you have hello do
steroids what do you take take chicken
and rice chicken and rice while you look
so shy you should be proud of your
muscles man I'm jealous so you lift you
do lift you just skip the leg day you
did you see your face alright we're
talking about some tests or d-ball
probably hi guys since stopping getting
out of control
I hired a security guard this is my
security guarding he doesn't want me to
stop man not much he's been taking care
of all my fans yeah let him know let him
know this is the baddest security ever
everywhere I go he just defends me no
pictures no pictures now just kidding
just an awesome guy that's just Ching
just chilling just chilling a dreamy
where's the doughnuts at
hi guys you really guys need to stop
messing around and make a move make a
move put your arm around her and give
her a kiss and say you love her louder
that's a true relationship what a nice
boyfriend
show her how much you love her because
we love her too whoo she doesn't know it
but I know it do you know how pretty you
are to smoke cigarettes come on stop
smoking drop let me take a puff let me
take a pot you took a puff out come on
hey guys so I just found out that Floyd
Mayweather is fighting May 3rd at MGM
Grand and I'm actually gonna be in Vegas
those dates so if you guys want to go
tweet him and say we want to see the
fight up close from Vitaly he might
bring me up front and let me vlog it I
don't know let's give it a shot I'm his
big fan fucking awesome I never used to
like boxing but when I saw his boxing I
loved it so anyways guys if you want to
go tweet him ask him you guys should do
it
villains are me gonna take over it we're
gonna go I'm gonna take you with you
right up front we're gonna vlog right up
front what do you think that if they go
smash Mayweather's Twitter page he's in
the
like yeah for sure go he's gonna see me
right yeah I click it he's gonna go I
seen these video made me think of yeah
maybe tagging with my channel my main
channel so he knows the brain hey Floyd
Mayweather you need a break king of
pranks you need to bring king of pranks
to the arena to vlog oh and maybe guys
maybe I'll pull the prank on the fight
in front of millions of people
you just jumped jumped on their jollies
and it'll fight me jumping on arena they
like what would they do you begun I'd be
gonna be knocked up out hi guys go tweet
him let's do it alright guys so I just
got to Best Buy and like I told you I am
getting the new camera the 340 Canon HS
that's what I used to vlog to do daily
walks for you see that shit if you guys
see it where is it yeah it's fucking me
up I hate it so I have to get a new
camera just to let you know guys they
don't sell crack I promise you they do
not so crack so I come home to this guys
thank you guys so much I just got my
trophy for a hundred thousand
subscribers for my second channel be
tells you give me second knocking put it
next to my gold one for the main channel
for the million subscribers woo this is
awesome and why because of you guys
thank you guys so much you guys are the
best
you guys are awesome but this camera is
much better so I just bought this camera
as you know so the guy who thinks they
can cook
are here I'm on a fucking house
yeah the Bieber swag yeah she's awful
look all my god
he just got 10 points for asking do you
know somebody mounted your gold plaque
no I got my husband mine down at the
teeth wait wait did you guys hear that
repeat that I melted my my gold play
button and cruel teeth and you have them
not bring them with me with our home
yeah you have them so I'm gonna
- I'm here with my girlfriends this is
Chelsea and Morgan where you ladies from
here are you are you there born valley
so my girlfriend just got pregnant
anymore pregnant right now I like to
drink and smoke and be pregnant you know
drinking smoking it tastes like I don't
know because then it takes your fire
crotch yet but we'll find out later
tonight guys right now over here listen
this guy shows he kicked me out and this
girl I know this girl's I was just
trying to get on the shot let him get
kissed me odd because the cameras on
them they really gonna kiss me the
camera no I'm good yeah I'm a good
person
give me a hug give me my bullshit no
give me a kiss on the cheek
give me a kiss on the cheek
that's in that fire
yeah yeah yeah yeah one to plan
thank you modulate I got this leg you
guys both got gold elects let go of the
lecture get the balance back a little
bit you guys I'm going to New York
look at me I gotta see Jerome no okay so
now relax the muscles valueless nice you
like a dancer-ly computable integral
pierpan fucking macho that could push up
nice job you're in depth I got it I got
it I got it I got it don't let go I'm
not touching no what's that you I am
flying right now go back to Florida
Tallyho how good do you have I want to
put the trench law in your belly and we
think it's fine bro I feel great as a
patron okay already are you gonna legs
like how your knees bend your knees I
hear I love that the hangman and I'm
prepared for a major way whether he's so
good he's just weird table no what the
fuck is that it's not be able to talk my
god what is that bro dude it feels so
real
please take it off you're auditioning
for right now for the biggest movie of
century perfect zombie movie I want you
to pretend you getting eaten by the
zombies when you see how you act about
you the main character in the film
what a late and I do you stay out so
late well I met another girl girl I know
this plane wingman oh yeah oh yeah he
was but I I love you guys thank you so
much for watching again and your
villains are the best so like it comment
and let me know what you guys think
about this log I love you so much peace
she's cheating on me why are you
cheating I mean what's it what's your
name
Kat yeah
