good morning guys good morning so we are
now just leaving Santa Barbara we came
here with my car but leaving with an
uber what's up bro you ready yeah the
drive it's a two-hour drive that is left
last night we stayed here to party with
Sydney done girl you met in the previous
vlog and we are now heading back home
hey guys so I've been relaxing in a home
since that uber Drive in the morning I
had a rough night as you know Danny's
had to leave early driving your car on
the highway is so much fun - really
yeah I had a blast of only 65 miles per
hour
yes I that's 100 so I had a rough night
and I came back tonight I was relaxing
all day now it's 6 p.m. I'm gonna go
shoot a fun vlog for you because that's
what you guys like right how's
everything something in this fucking
lens
you gotta get yeah I gotta get a new
camera something's wrong with the lens
I'm gonna get in your camera for you
guys today
oh look at his old orders look at all
this order
look at this dog Dennis
everybody loves Edward in the vlog I
love it everybody loves your dog awesome
but Matilda the best anyone ever tries
to bite you his mouths too small to get
around I feel I know what I'm about to
tell you guys it's kind of sad that we
got this dog three years out there was
an advance for you in the cage no four
years ago and watch and we what was it
before in the cage
- lived for three years in the case and
it was abused right Oh God that he was
agreed there yes but so that was my
mother was getting it Sydney on that's
where every Edward oh you met them until
they just want to fuck you okay no all
right so I'm here signing all your
shirts that you guys requested for in
the order note and all the guys are sold
out we probably have four shirts left
four guys girls now doing that well so
I'm gonna extend the sale for one more
day with a coupon code Nutella stars
you're watching this it's supposed to be
the sales supposed to be over but it's
not one more day for girls guys if you
want to buy it for your girlfriends do
it girls if you want to buy for your
girlfriends do it your mother your
grandmother's but I'm gonna sign
whatever you guys like me to do if
you're lucky enough on my leave my phone
number on it
I just got to go through all these sign
we asked them a bit later
wait I've never done that look
I don't know washed it so Gavin says
could you sign it or future in the vlog
yes Gavin I can hear y'all girl this is
Vitaly he's just like trying to go to
the gym hey let's go to the gym this is
Vitaly when he says he wants to go to
the gym then I said okay let's go to the
gym and then 30 minutes goes by and I
say let's go so I just caught my
girlfriend texting another guy can you
guys believe that look at that she's
cheating on me why are you cheating on
me what's it what's your name Kat yeah
are you really yeah
I'm a daily vlogger you're gonna be in
my vlog now
I just wanted to came on Tuesday you're
cute hey what's your number my phone do
you know you don't
what did that's a fuck off ring oh
you're dating black guys oh sorry the
reflection in my ear was cooling
Colombian Brazilian well he's actually
pretty bad does he lift ask him if you
live does he live wage well you probably
see my videos and he's gonna hate me I'm
sorry if you see this I'm sorry
you're lying you don't know what up guys
I'm here with will.i.am what I'll go rap
rap rap you rap oh you look like your
rap
you got that look bro you got that look
you never know and he never near so
right now we had it to Kevin's house
because his boy CJ is gonna come over
and he's a designer we're gonna be
designing new shirts for you guys
they're gonna be sick I promise you a
whole new brand is gonna be funny Jim
phenomenal funny ants they're gonna be
great awesome and that black guy still
doesn't know that almost does she's
booty what up guys I'm here with Chris
Brown we're just killing what up Chris I
mean I seen your YouTube channel I see
just got to Kevin's house hey what's up
guys this is CJ the guy was talking
about earlier you guys should check him
out he's a cool designer oh yeah I cock
it up plug you in is there a way I can
plug you in probably my twitter twitter
yes like you guys he designed go tweet
him all right guys he's a cool designer
he's designing my new shirts so you guys
should see because that shit's gonna be
crazy you know that that's Kevin's dead
oh my goodness maybe leave in peace that
guy looks familiar is that Abraham
Lincoln my dad know my dad was a maybe I
was a famous Russian general in the army
uh-huh and yeah that's that's my pops
three tours but we really not know who
that is
you know ghostbusters there you go oh my
god hey what the hell do you think
you're doing let me see some
identification I'm just picking up some
girls what are you talking about Yeah
right likely story
let's see some ID no we're not pranking
dirty over here I wasn't asking you mr.
clean yo don't talk to my friends like
that okay look at your look at your all
officers in the back look what they are
you doing they eating doughnuts I don't
care what they're doing they're off the
clock what are you doing you guys are
shooting some kind of prank I don't know
what's going on people are calling me 9
1 1 7 all kinds of stuff oh you want to
see you want to see a prank I'm about to
pull on you check this out what are you
do you like that alright don't like that
your darling raping me ha ha this is
what you get this is what you get this
is what you go yeah
oh my god
so I'm sitting here with Kevin and we're
looking at designs right now I'm not
gonna show it to you if you say do you
you'll if you try and blown away you can
see the design I am blowing away a plug
your Twitter bro oh hi I'm CJ at CJ's
alter ego spell it out for them CJ s alt
e' r EG oh if you guys need YouTube
banners Facebook banners anything you
need contact this guy mm-hmm he's really
good with prices soon so we just got
kicked out of one location for filming a
prank now we get to this other location
and I'll bust you so fast your head will
spin
bro
you're all blurry hold on you look
better now yeah what's up bro what's
your name just some rice is brown rice
so this is Peter and this is Sam Bobo
these are the guys that did the eight
miles sketch with me check out the link
in description
they're awesome it's an awesome scripted
writing your awesome trailer you're
awesome so we came here to talk about
another sketch we're gonna do so we're
gonna throw some ideas around circle
jerk you already know I don't but I
heard about it out of money
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba out of money
what's up village so I just got a hole
man oh it's daytime actually a bath stop
out so I just woke up guys I got a lot
of things to do I'm running late I was
very tired last night it's too much work
too much editing and I love you guys
stay tuned for more vlogs can't believe
it is four or five logs in the row you
guys are fucking awesome I love you I
love you I love you and I will see you
tomorrow
peace rock paper scissors rock paper
scissors
shit
