what up villains good morning I got
calaman now scaling my rally with Chase
no they're not coming to film with us
but we're going to Santa Barbara to
shoot some pranks with your my friend
Justin and Dennis Roady
yeah boy so we're on the car listening
to MGK loving life everything's great
right you know address we're on the
coast right now and it's beautiful
something to say but nothing comes out
when they move the lives just a bunch of
generation motherfuckers act but they
forgot about Dre
I wish I do
alright guys we just got to Santa
Barbara shit what is it is wrong way
what's up
stop what talk to the hands talk to the
hand
talk to the head
yeah
so right now we're filming and we're
getting a awesome awesome reactions and
right now I'm going to go up to those
two girls show those two girls
and I'm gonna get on the bench and do my
prank let's see what kind of reaction
will give me I'm kind of scared but
whatever what's up I'm chilling here
with my chocolate lady girlfriend
she wants some vanilla on that chocolate
she look at her she's are gonna
chocolate vanilla because she wants me
I'm white cheese like we'll connect
together
what up guys this is my this is my
boyfriend Christian we've been dating
for about two years now we love each
other very much
and we're gonna get married in Vegas I
don't know which date exactly going to
get married August 13th or none August
13 great hi this is my chocolate friend
that I pranked earlier what's up yo yeah
you're gonna give me are you being
ratchet right now me oh don't you ever
be retching oh yeah oh oh
Shanno I did oh look at her
oh I like you I like you too people you
provoke doesn't mean it shows awesome
high five she likes her fuck you today
I'm a dick I'm a good dick I don't want
things on my dick can't take a walk with
me downtown then I'm downtown
we are you gonna rob me that's your plan
no we're gonna seduce
seduce me a double blow job from each
side she about to get a blow job over
here I like Santa Barbara hey trust me
yes Santa Barbara juice over radio
you're in the right place man here now
listen up you see now why you want me to
go to Hawaii only to go downtown that
kind of sounds sketchy you why is that
is that is that what your brother's at
is that what your brother is not waiting
for me uh they're waiting to chop off my
cock I know what you're doing girl
I know what she's doing
what is this for Davis yeah fucking he's
putting it on YouTube have any porn calm
you're in the perfect book so I'm white
you're black ray all right rozzers so
right now Dennis is filming his video
guys I'm not gonna tell you what it is
right now because it's a secret I think
it's pretty clever it's quite it's real
good one it's a really clever one you're
just gonna basically show you what
technology can do to you by texting and
walking what can really happen I think
it's a great idea what do you think it's
great screaming a great experiment yes
so we're probably gonna head out I'm
honestly guys I'm disappointed with
Santa Barbara I thought it's going to be
10 out of 10 girls you know I've been
watching different videos that the film
here and it's like all hot girls but
really it's not where are you from San
Diego San Diego this is my girlfriend
guys by the way I'm just kidding but
here uh with your neighbors put some
lotion on her I'm Sydney
didn't it cool what's your name Sydney I
like your style yeah Sidney what's your
spin hey Sydney deal model look at you
chic look at her stomach oh my god
that's a big compliment thank you
comfortable would you videotape amazed
I'm a daily vlogger
like she's all like she's coming over to
show it to you she's proud of it look
she even looked it up for you you do
Fitness yeah what are you doing
nothing now what's your number huh
what's your number
thanks on six one one six one nine oh
cool my phone is really dead but I
recorded it no now I will allow it to
the flash or playing rock-paper-scissors
I need to Instagram scope is it all
right rock paper scissors and shot the
show shot broccoli this is a shot to
shoot Rock Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot shit nah I was
she's cool I like her I don't want to do
that I want to be friends with this girl
she's actually smart I like smart girls
hi guys
ah but yeah this is how you do my
friends I'm just kidding
hi guys nice meeting ya so looks like
what Evers tried to make me over here
what's up Vitaly
what's up girl good dude this fucking
sucks so much i watch your videos and
like dance an awesome college to go pick
up hot girls and there's not even one
fucking girl I know it's crazy give them
shoes guys looking at you that
yeah pretty stylish it's not those are
some Louise those are French Louie this
is the cheese Marcel so what's up with
the whores you picking up girls what I
was a horse today no you know what
we knew that you're gonna be in Santa
Barbara so we had to represent the horse
you know oh cool thank you so I'm
calling Sidney guys let's see what she
says hey what's up oh yeah I'm great
this is Vitaly I'm sure you know you so
you still taste your lips and you still
taste my lips on your lips I mean all
you want me to refresh that sense for
you yeah good ah we're ready to come
just text me your address this is my
phone number okay so guys just hanging
out of my friend's house
girls do yoga look at that now you know
how a lion feel in the jungle do some
yoga girl wonder if it's me I don't know
who they're talking about me I know it's
you it's her it's her it's her
you're probably should I've ever seen
bro makes me crack up when I look all
day rocket good what up guys I'm here
with Dan and me so this guy says he's my
biggest hand yes he wears you I mean
being a fan dawg are you I love you are
you my biggest fan I'm your biggest
fucking fan even later dude even live
even live you're really going on killer
baby mustache bro even a month so I
don't know if he's a big fan old figure
out we'll figure out later tonight if
you let's make cuddle with them so so
down you fucking let me fuck you at
Lucy's office what up guys I'm still in
Santa Barbara and I'm not sure what I'm
bleeding here I'm just kidding guys I
don't know what I'm doing right now I'm
just guys coming up to leave what's up
no no then so can I get a picture and
sure so I don't know what's going on I'm
just chilling here I'm gonna ship it
Sydney my goal hang out a little bit
dennis is here everybody's here we're
just gonna hang out I still don't know
so when we're gonna hang out but we're
gonna hang out and yeah you might not
guys see me again so let me do the outro
now I love you villains and I'll see you
guys tomorrow thanks to all the support
comments I fucking love you new prank
coming soon
peace
