what up villains wondering I'm starting
today I'm starting today by going to the
gym I got to start lifting my chicken
arms are small I'm fat I gotta get my
ass to the gym you know why because
we're shooting a movie in two months and
I gotta be in the best shape of my life
so I just left the gym guys announce
time to do a little shopping because
I've been eating out every day I'm
eating unhealthy so now I gotta get some
fruits some greens some vegetables some
candy
so that's a big fighter in your hair got
a little spider yeah yep well yes I'll
tear I like it you guys this is exactly
what I mean everybody loved Edward
Matilda nobody paid your attention
Matilda show mo get your
happen what what is this how many orders
how many orders we sold them almost
everything the only extra-large left and
just a lot wow you guys raped it here
hold this like this okay I hold it
alright I'm showing you how to hold it
you holding in your fucking way mom hold
it like this with the fingers yeah I
can't hold it like that idiot
Oh kill them kill them we saw almost all
the shirts whoa this is all the orders a
random fan yeah thank you Rica we're
gonna sign it for you thanks Rica also
so basically my mom said it's almost all
the guy shirts are gone now we got some
ladies ladies already ate I don't think
any ladies are watching my vlogs
so I just signed some shirts that how
you guys wanted them to sign I know
orders and I'm leaving my place right
now to go pick up my friend he just got
here from Miami I'm gonna go probably do
shooting range shoot some guns go get my
friend Justin Kelly alright guys so I
just sign all the shirts that you guys
wanted me to signs or alright guys so
I'll just sign alright guys so just sign
all the shirts you guys wanted me to
sign and thank you guys very so much you
guys honestly killed it you guys are
incredible phenomenal awesome gave my
mom to do something finally also yeah I
already told um that the girls would go
but the girls don't watch me so relax
Rika watches it what I bro I'm gonna
give me a hug
are you doing me bit I'm great this guy
what is that this is my friend this
daily vlogs bro all right moving on
moving on so this is my friend Gabe he
used to be a waiter with me but now he's
the manager at the restaurant where I
used to work and I have a funny story
from there I actually got I actually got
fired at 3,000 subscribers no no I got
fired before the 3,000 subscribers and
then what happened yeah I got fired
rehired but not by him by another
manager and then at 3,000 subscribers I
quit because I thought I was famous
already so I didn't
I hate this LA traffic dude what do you
think fucking blows blows so why traffic
when you can just walk make it walk
literally faster than you can really you
know dude through your traffic brah
what's up brah I got to shoot a promo
video for held so we're gonna go shoot
that real quick no we're not shooting
anything come on bro I got it we're
gonna go shoot some range and this is my
friend Justin from Florida were on sets
together at four being extras and stuff
as you know I was in the extreme
painting game and a whole bunch of other
stuff but yeah we're gonna go shoot some
guns
so before we go shoot some guns we got
to get something to eat
probably another salad because all I've
been doing is on salads alright hello
guys a water top what's up just
wondering how long you guys been dating
for huh oh alright well so you're single
can I take you are you are you single
not for me come on Oh threesome I don't
know I just wanna have some fun
I been around the world don't speak the
language what is this place called
brains money so for 24 hour answer these
were all the pot heads go
so guys want to spend 45 days in jail
for the Russian hitman prank this is
exactly what I cooked for all the
inmates blueberry bread so I had to work
in the kitchen for breakfast for about
three weeks to get two days off my
sentence that's not bad right
oh shit it's loud so guys hey what girl
so this little regime thee this is the
Glock 45 spec tell them 45 spec you can
see all right Safety's right here
oh shit I hold the gun our check out my
aim guys oh my god
this is horrible next time I'll do it
better I promise the next round I'll do
it good
Gabe good luck bro it's freaking crazy
this is what people do that's your ace
oh that this is Justin look at her head
shot three times all right so this is
games so honestly guys the first time I
shot I didn't really aim so now I'm
gonna actually aim first I just wanted
to kill the haters three headshots three
headshots
don't mess around with a villain it's
gone I got the 45 spec over here 44 145
spec
so tomorrow guys the thing I'm coming
back to shoot some magnums Alex Mandel
is bringing his shotgun we're ready to
shoot a shotgun and do it up right now
alright villains thanks so much for
watching you guys are the best I love
you so much you guys showing me a lot of
support in these comments I love reading
them I read each and every comments
thank you thank you thank you
tomorrow gonna wake up early to shoot a
new praying for the main channel so I
gotta go to sleep guys so thank you my
villains for watching and I will see you
guys tomorrow you kill me no no kill me
you P kill me no you me no you kill me
now
