hi no please say hello to the villains
house what happened you look beautiful
they all didn't only look let me see why
whoa look at that yeah why do you have
to wear glasses on hey Edward
oh he's getting angry this is the
closest I ever got to him without
inviting the camera miss you hmm what's
your point
so what do you eat like a pig okay so
basically well I'm on the strict diet
right now and yes this is a final diet
yeah just let me talk okay talk so
basically my mom just asked me to do I
want sugar in my just sugar in my coffee
and I said not want any sugar in my
coffee then she says well you need to
cut out desserts then if I don't want
any sugar then obviously I don't want
any desserts
exactly you'll spoon of sugar it's
nothing compared here I wanna believe my
grandma's freaking out uh-uh
sheesh I say goodbye for my mother
goodbye to Edward why
nobody likes that dog everybody likes my
solo nobody has much thank you I don't
have any hands
ah please just take it you have a packet
I might go I just got home I changed my
shirts I'll tell you why in a second but
look who's here Hey oh nice see my shoes
her eisah listen Kevin check this out
so since as you know i'm launching a
brand new store it's gonna be same
website gonna be awesome yeah oh yeah
he's designer it's probably gonna do
most of the stuff but listen vitalyzdtv
this is simple this was just my startup
but listen to what me and my mom just
did you ready 40% off for three days off
my clothes I'm super excited
get the gets the promotion code what's
the code what do you have to type in in
I'm gonna guess if it's not it can't
just be pranks cuz I would be lame it's
it's probably I gotta say Vitaly or you
know what no I take it back
you you got a bit of a sweet tooth so
I'm gonna say new Nutella Nutella
just that one right Nutella promotional
code guys today starts three days 40% of
girls and boys type in the tale of 40%
off $20 shirt 40% that's what brings up
to 11 a.m. at that's like a bucks yes
you got it
12 bucks I think so anyways guys go
smash it because the new store is gonna
be awesome
villains villains villains so you know
Kent white Kevin came guys Kevin came
because Dennis invited him to go film a
new video and guess what
Dennis is not even here he's he no come
here he's here he's not yet I can't log
outside
people literally right downstairs
talking on his phone for Jesus he's
Grover hey his girlfriend they got a lot
of things just yet you're just talking
about personal life anyway all I'm gonna
say about is this the fact that Dennis
has been on the phone that long okay
finally we're talking crabs pretty much
about your girlfriend he has important
things to say I gotta go on and order me
a Nutella shirt that's what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna already I already told them
about the hell but I just learned about
it so I'm gonna do it right now you
serious yeah no oh my goodness 40% off
sounds like a really great suit so my
boy Christian just now ripped me an
awesome video when I was in Bethany show
in New York a couple months ago check
this out I've been looking for this
video for a long time I'm gonna show you
just the preview but uh
if you guys want to see the whole thing
go check out my Facebook fan page
because I can't put it on YouTube
because it's gonna be copyrighted and so
yeah go check out my Facebook fan page
my link is in the description it's gonna
be probably the most recent video it's
awesome check it out guys there's a
surprise in that video too hello do you
remember me
come here do you remember this girl no
we made out in so great why you think
that's funny we made out in thirds great
you don't remember me no my name is
Vladimir Putin Wow sure you're a little
kiss let's see what you guys sent me
probably not a lot as I said already I
don't really advertise this but you see
it oh yeah okay I got a postcard oh I
know I got a sign for this this is how
much I got man I got so much fan mail
it's so awesome I can't even like
describe it yeah now I'm just getting up
first time I actually put the post of my
Bo box I got a lot of stuff and I read
all your stuff so if you guys want to
send me more I open everything myself
don't link there's no link there might
be a box address in the description and
I'm gonna sign off and see what I got
how's everybody doing whoo happy Tuesday
it's Monday actually look at that box
boom I got something special your life
your choice 60 seconds italic pop so I
got this postcard I want to read to you
guys and you guys ready dear the tabby I
feel you're too obnoxious and too
disrespectful
please be funny but not at the other
people's expenses
kindness and regards wow really so you
took time out of that to write it to me
I mean I love you too but I love you too
look at that
and I got some pussy control damn son
look at those hats hats I got some pussy
picture
damn bro I don't - pussy control for
saving me all that stuff this is awesome
this is honestly so cool I got them
pussy control shirts yeah baby
Thomas awesome ego yeah this is my V go
my friend
don't be scared free money heard another
niganda edit war dude on the Edit make
oh well yeah jerk it hey Vito have a
good day hello well are you the brothers
type of guy
what's it mean are you the brothers my
in the brothers browsers are you
watching browsers no no I'm just not
hold Tori all browsers thumbs up thumbs
up for but brothers browsers same
browsers browsers browsers I go on
browsers every night just say that I go
on browsers every night yeah
browsers power hello
yeah are you gonna kill me let me see
see look at this he just asked me
where'd this address this and I looked
up on my maps I'm such a nice guy my
friend
you here you need a ride you want to
come on the ride thank you yeah come
yeah no no no PPP you you people you
kill me no no kill me
you P kill me no you me no you kill me
no mr. go how many guys have you been
with uh 100 35 guys are you related to
Jackie Chan by any sort of way
who dog Jackie Chan okay I don't know
push take him to Everglades and throw
him down the Gators and if you want even
know literally you won't even know if I
take him and throw him down to the
Gators hello
yeah uh-huh yeah we have him here what
do you want to do with him throw them to
the Sharks all right I'll be there in
five minutes
nah he doesn't know anything he may keys
see ya bye ciao ciao ciao goodbye
what a nice guy
he hasn't he didn't speak any English I
could have done with him annually god
this guy was awesome
this world is over look at that having
your kid on the leash oh my god if my
mom ever did this to me look at that kid
on the leash and I understand he's
looking I mean I understand he's walking
across the road but come on you can at
least pick him up or something
don't give me that excuse I need a leash
so he doesn't run away from me
oh god that's odd what up bro
I just gave your dad a ride yeah in your
ass no no no it's just I gave him a
right you didn't speak any English so I
just took him down the street he came up
to me and asked me fucking him arrived
or he was Asian sauce random get him
talk I'm like literally pretending
talking in the phone book yes so you
want to say you want to throw them down
sharks and just let him you know didn't
even if he just sits there cool with a
understated what do you think you're
filming yourself jerking off yeah look
at that you fill me your bag dude is
your back I'm starting to do daily vlogs
what do you fuck I'm serious yeah yeah
just daily vlogs just for the people
well not for another second channel but
not daily whatever I can pull you know
if I skip a day or two but I'm gonna try
to keep him up daily do you should
so Kong and I are trying to book the
hotel for Vegas to go see Skrillex on
May 4th and guess what
tell him calm what they're in there out
there out of rooms that of rooms and
we're trying to book two weeks before is
everybody going to see Skrillex yeah
they have a room with one bed you want
to you want to share and kind of we can
cuddle now we need two beds and like a
suite and yeah so you know we need a lot
of room I wouldn't have an after-party
in our room if you go to Vegas and you
drive up there party in your room you're
not doing it right can you hear me can
you hear me yeah okay how big is the
toilet
I will elect a book I just want to know
what it was everything comes the shower
and the size of the toilet and
everything all right guys calling and I
just had a great dinner and lunch no
dinner great great and great and lunch
and we booked we booked an awesome hotel
for Vegas for Skrillex so it was been a
productive day right everyone's gonna
stock you know and in Vegas but the I
didn't tell her what hotels a lot of
huge yeah I just tell you what I'll tell
you what I be there I'll be in Vegas
Friday May 2nd till the 5th right yeah
till the 5th so you guys want to find me
big is somewhere around there you can
but but I was wondering is your deck
getting either right again all right
guys bro all right villains I just got
home we got Kevin and Dennis really in
the house editing a new video we're
gonna relax I'm gonna edit the vlog for
you and also don't forget today 40% off
my vitalyzdtv shirts coupon code Nutella
and you te ll a Nutella 40% off
gentlemen and ladies get your shirts and
the cup sale will last till 25th also
before I go what's the most trouble you
have ever been in your life trouble tell
me your trouble it's either with your
parents law cops
government anything let me know in the
comments below
all right villains I'll see you tomorrow
are you never gonna text you go to
Walmart play video games
this is the best date ever
