what's up villains my felons my
troublemakers yeah you show everybody
where I live huh come on ha ha ha what
up guys happy 4/20 or Easter whatever
you guys celebrating as you can see me
and Dennis are celebrating Easter you
guys want to know how I feel right now I
feel really really fucking homo with
this car did what it was kind of caught
called the jelly bean the jelly bean
exercise like Bruno type of yeah I don't
know and the windows are not tinted look
around the body oh my god this is the
end of the car guys that's it I thought
I can touch the front and back whoa and
our food is here hmm
protein scramble baby fuck this scramble
coffee so you can poop some toast
this is my sister and she's gonna work
but you lied to me that no don't
what did I lie about you to my cubby boy
really that's Romina so that wasn't me
that was other kid no that was wrong but
I was his partner I've had it
ID vlog this is my first are Gideon are
you taking the picture and you said
knots are you recording you said no I'm
taking pictures now oh oh oh shawty ha
ha got you mess with me
oh so these beautiful girls over here
gonna show me how to do massage works
are you guys doing massage stretches are
you practicing massages you saw me I saw
you you took me are you - oh yeah
you don't even squash do you scrub I
started squatting Sun stop hi
is that your parents where you guys from
Mexico Cancun no Porto fourth of I Agra
I need that right that is what he showed
up are here what do you say that is
saying you need to get her phone number
- I can't believe you would go up there
the man that gets all numbers Gabriella
come here did she's so pretty that I had
to get her number
hey I interview interview for you are
you scared
hi but now you know you're so pretty
that I have to get your number you're
gonna have to put it in I gotta take you
on the best dinner date you ever been to
are you ready here I give you yours and
Alex are you never gonna text me I will
we can go to Walmart play video games
the best date ever well guys I don't
know she's gonna text me or not but
she's probably gonna see this too but
hey Gabriella if you're watching this
right now I'll take you to Walmart take
to one word play some video games yeah
that was a good job at least you asked
at least I asked dude but yeah I had to
that was unbelievably yeah you see how
girl that you really want just stop and
get her number tally comes back in the
car
oh my gosh she was amazing oh cool so
you got a phone number I didn't even ask
I'd even ask of the parents and it would
have been so awesome for the vlog too I
should be like oh is this your parent
she goes yeah well put your number my
fault
Lisa turn around that hey I turn around
honest but I don't know we seem like
creeps I was like do you like this car
she goes yeah they care for baby scumbag
now that all my cars getting attacked
are like oh what's up guys what's on
homies so what happened they don't let
you in the store what's going on we be
like three hours it's a cut fast guys
what's up guys you guys like my new car
yeah guys want to go for a ride jelly
bean Brown wants to go for it to go for
a ride let's go for a ride guys I got
Nutella you always carry this out yeah
that's my I gotta put in the girls booty
tonight shop so as you can see it's a
dog right on this yellow wall which
yellow means caution or probably warning
and then there's flight fleas around the
dog flies fleas flies and then I am zoom
there's a shot of a girl
so Dennis is telling me this message is
pretty much saying that the bitches the
bitches what the bitches have fleas
Dennis it's basically a wife a call sure
that says that yellows caution right and
you got this dog yeah explain a bitch
say basically caution the bitches have
fleas
well we're in all of us mr. muscles come
here come here come here
what but you don't even live you have a
small chicken laughs do you have what
yeah yeah donation yeah I do but before
we get to the lotion holder but look
what it was that's that's shaken yeah
right
you know I bet you skipped election hey
I bet you skipped elected yay hey let me
see the ABS you know where is it ups you
oh yeah just spilled a drink on him most
of the time when I get recognized it's
always by South Arabia goodbye huh live
in Dubai Marah causative aah aah oh look
at these guys were you from Mexico oh
yeah I want to go to Dubai Dubai looks
nice right very good
cool man how do I receive to pay taxes
in Dubai I'm going to Dubai
you guys see the police corner brother
figure that oh that's a cool sure then
you gotta wind father's what's up
that's my sister does my sister
hello guys today you're on the bank bus
we have multiple people or Gina
everybody you can have fun today orgeat
I won't say with me oh geez I
hi guys diamond Katie we'll be right
with you Bank buses are all over
Hollywood today now we have a mini bang
bus Litella milkshakes time baby oh snap
Plus last time I got on the tillow in
the booty for 595 you have that today
let alone the booty for 695 large one
detained right up the booty size meaning
like enlarged to 695 oh I like the
medium the medium Budhia Nutella and
Ferrara and on top of the booty put
strawberries and bananas it already
comes bananas you wanted in a
telekinetic Pharaoh and cover yeah extra
Nutella please
oh this booty is gonna taste good the
best once again the best milkshakes ever
this booty tasting so good I'm so
jealous right now
I'm really jealous I'm very jealous guys
don't touch my boyfriend like that oh
sorry
this one right is my my laughing charlie
I'm your boyfriend let me take a punch
no don't take a picture we're taking a
picture right now are you guys boyfriend
and girlfriend
I mean boyfriend and boyfriend for
single single single single do you guys
going Craigslist no you guys want to do
a threesome oh yeah VG does yeah are you
versatile or no not Tom you the top off
I don't think my booty old can handle
that maybe his presents hello on it okay
together yes we built for a year and a
half a partner so you looking for that
we are partners flicking switch
they're down you guys don't have an orgy
right tonight yeah we went orgy orgy
orgy in my butthole butthole evenings be
filled yeah alright yeah let me feel
mammals I'm sorry guys this was really
gay but I love it everyone thinks I'm
gay
no I'm not gay I just like to pretend to
be one cuz it's fun I love I love it hi
my troublemakers this is it
see you later guys my trouble on the
villains why'd you start calling me a
villain because you are the first videos
I watched disturbing the peace jumpin in
their cars yeah causing a ruckus the
Russian hitman so they're gonna be my
villains didn't they're troublemaker
you're a troublemaker I don't watch it
probably yeah because they're with me so
they're getting in trouble with me hi
guys - see you later peace out but kind
of chocolate are you dark chocolate
hazelnut Nutella bug your hmm I like it
I like it you got some coconut inside
