what's up guys today we're playing hot
or not in real life
let's see what kind of reactions we'll
get well so wait we're going for dinner
you're from the hot-or-not app right no
we're talking about we were talking too
hard on that app you chose me that I was
hot and I thought you you were hot so we
match and now we're together you are on
YouTube oh excuse me guys
hey did you guys meet on the heart or
not oh did you get you guys met her
heart not hot or not app know how many
dudes did you have to swipe to get to
him how many dudes yeah
oh hello just wait a second oh it's the
serious question I would like to know
like you know you were swiping hot not
hot none and you found him hot I
understand college you met in college so
how long you guys been dating five years
five years before Grindr before all of
that before all that yeah well yeah hot
or not is the way to use you know yeah
what about you are you hot or not what
are you oh wait I don't know is how
Facebook started HOT are you HOT yeah
are you HOT are you HOT
yeah man are you high God are you huh oh
you hot we spoke on the hot or not out
but supposed to meet and going on the
date where you go play I played with
whisper what do you mean no wow you're
really gonna do this to me you swiped on
me hot and now you're saying I'm not
what I'm hot
all right
you
