what's up homie geez today I'm getting
strangers $10,000 little do they know
it's fake well as to kind of reactions
we get so guys oh thank you this is the
book this the guys you guys are the guys
right I'm supposed to drop this off yeah
you got is that you
I'm sure you got my stuff you deliver
the stuff I told you to deliver what's
up are you sure what's up in five
minutes you'll get it all right I can't
expect you there five minutes all right
huh give me a give me other day go go
give me the bag go go real 5 min ago I'm
not gonna play with you give me the
dollar with you Gobbo I'm gonna go drop
it off in five minutes you gonna drop it
off yeah I'm not gonna play with you
won't give me the I don't thing you're
the guy giving the talk back yeah you're
the guy yeah
prove it I'm probably show me just show
me the tattoo line maybe they don't in
your right hand are useless a long road
trust me you're the guy yeah I really
trust you
please yes I will yeah what do you want
what do you what do you want to meet me
what do you want to meet me lower one or
mole 206 motel 6
yeah you got them you got the three
girls right yeah all right man I trust
you oh no trust me alone five minutes
please just be over here bro cause I
don't need to fumble yeah yeah we got
the cops and everybody watching so we
got to be smooth uh shit you're not
gonna hear the back line I'm gonna come
over oh five minutes bro come on for it
no bullshit you wrote me you know you
already know bro five minutes bro come
on five minutes we have five minutes I'm
not gonna play with you don't fumble
come alright - well we make a deal bro
five minute you already made a deal
you're up so this is gonna be a clean
deal all right
but you love you you the guy you're the
guy right yeah you're supposed to be
wearing Gucci belt right oh five minutes
come on what do you want me to be why
can't I go with you in five minutes
just want a multi-season bro we gotta
turn around with the chef and I got a
channel on it but which Motel six but
you might L say pick that up
all right si P all right I wanna go jump
up in a Camaro and come up over there
like for real uh the Camaro my minute
yeah all right five minutes what can we
do ten minutes
see ya five minutes is too fast
you know cops
five oh we got him
drop the bag and run jump the bagging
run I just wanted
I'll be up around oh just me though well
I'll play what you go Mimi up around
five minutes in front of Motel six level
goes well white five minutes why not
seven
okay seven no center so they're not yeah
I just got to go up in a corn I'll pick
them all right we're gonna be up over
there in seven minutes
the only around a corner all rusted oh
shit well come on
keep it straight you gotta keep it
normal yeah coming up over there
seven seven roll seven bro well I know
but it's a good feeling rough I thought
it was yeah people flip look at this guy
he's like good I know it looks real
right no matter how bad you will need
this to be real I know it sucks alright
your warm beer yeah oh you want I know
if you take one band is fine night-night
okay here you're gonna go fuck with
people it's not even worth it yeah well
you thought you thought it was real yeah
fuck your people y'all got me yeah hey
man fuck off
it's real
I'm all through
