what's up villains lose you my boys day
by day it's crazy but I'm with my boys
without their sorrow and it's up what's
up how are you
so we're super late the race is about to
start the finals
Rihanna concert in mind today's vlog is
going to be action-packed and I'm super
excited but we're late let's go I'm
thinking guys ready let's go need to
have minutes Tony excited brothers
behind this is paradise
I was really never a fan formally on my
car but like in that restaurant the
racetrack in every trouble
that was sick
travelled along if they were to shove it
you were making number one
I expected I never watched it in my life
Formula One I thought that I go cause
they bumped into each other like Super
Mario Kart doesn't go bananas at the car
nice Nevada County dal Riata County Down
Rihanna and my hair holding you know
what I hate about my hair when it
there's no blow dryer so when it's wet I
put gel in it and now it looks at pneumo
you look like a hard noodle so anyways
like what's up boys are you I love this
flag I love you I love the scarf I love
you I love you more Oh Tommy Tommy with
the present explain the president for
the camera okay yes that's not your ad
the spirit - do not start memory thank
you teacher what is this is this one
here become the finisher the address
number is for you
oh I told you I'm gonna win the race
thank you again thank you for either
playing Rihanna
Tony Vitali gotta see some fire I got to
see what he's got a crazy thing
there probably survive I know since
fighting up with a scarf around just as
a joke you see people would recognize my
eyes and then these guys creepy by
leaving
Sarika I saw you from your eyes bro but
I know the big fan Thank You of course
anytime you guys at the concert I thank
you y'all without us the mystery man
right here that's the guy right here
right why I'm not gonna block with
Ariana I'm a little young I'm late I'm
not late
guys sorry I'm not gonna kiss you on it
because apparently she told me to get me
a ten year in 10 minutes 10 minutes 10
minutes before guns - this fucking sucks
I'm not going to get a runner it's okay
that's fine what it what a wonderful a
wonderful trip yes we can do good Makabe
I was longing to go my villains that
solely matters so sorry guys if I
disappointed about
yeah bro thanks Sonia I know walked away
right now
the mystery man like I care what exactly
just happened just it's not I'm gonna be
believable what happened
you remember how I told you guys the
tickets got booked last second to choose
goodbye now I don't know big I supposed
too bad because then I thought about me
missing hxb busy work huh no because
then that messes me up too guys I came
here to deliver what I delivered if I
was there right now I would have made
out with Rihanna I'm like where's my
plastic pitbull I supposed to be
backstage pitbull so silly people
where's my pass no all-access no way all
access by youths moving so fast
vivi VIP VIP VIP to a very backstage for
the concert shuffle access full-bore
open it up wait wait wait wait wait what
so nice and slow you serious nice and
slow so people can see it this is
Formula One in Abu Dhabi without me mm
see now people won't be able to see this
and what is it this is all all we got
the pit lane walkway meet all the
drivers hi pit bull is on this night oh
you're here
okay oh no I know then it come through
yeah I know they did uh-huh okay bunch
of other my own I got you okay
we have Rihanna on Sunday hello it's
Rihanna wherever dinner with Rihanna and
the concert because we're gonna have a
dinner we were on on Saturday night
really you're so gorgeous
thank you for meeting me listen I will
play rock-paper-scissors with you if I
win we'll get to kiss but if you win you
can slap me as hard as you want
such a lonely day
it's my it's a final race of the season
and Hamilton wants to win so it's gonna
be crazy I'm gonna meet Hamilton and
rush on Friday night yo have once I want
a drink yeah
ah see look at the quality compared to
the cell phones ah it doesn't look at
this Oh God
the Russia alone you rush to play the
Russian one oh my god you know I thought
what I said they see ah you know I don't
want to see me rollin they hatin
all girls because we're being sent to
the beach
their five coupon I thought you guys
without here there's no motherfucking
shit
hi VFP room it is a lot by bar there's
so many gold diggers here oh this is the
gold digger capital can I think Alan
cock-block of the Year award goes
through this car
mr. gays having
OOP China Anil I see you until if you
got an expensive table don't act like
you got expensive table is so nice a
party you try to party buying a bunch of
Hey
yeah
away
so you had a something
you know like you know has rated one
it was
No
see
come
da-rae currently 6:00 in the morning
Dubai and why we why we're going back
oh because we were promised our room
guys I'm like whatever it's not our room
he's going to stay with his wives the
guy that got whatever Bubba since there
was no Rihanna mopey boom I had one
request one request please let Tony
sleep because Tony slept with no sheets
nothing with five guys snoring so I was
like one request for my last night just
do one favor don't come back with
anybody no girls let the guy sleep we're
going to sleep 20 minutes later they
come back with girls ha ha ha ha they
tried to save a piece of shit I need to
humble myself I need to do all this a
lot of drama happened to speak in so
much stress so much bullshit I honestly
cannot wait to upload this one to let
you guys know
that's my miracle
so let me Oh let me redeem Oh redeem
ourselves
yes that if I could
Oh
Oh
cuz I sweat it buddies everywhere and
then they like we don't get we really
don't give a shit
there yeah bones I really don't I'm in
Dubai I don't care I don't care
URI I love you thank you for everything
every person is showing respect you
thank you thank you guys so much for
watching this log and if you're my side
in the situation please give a big
thumbs up and the lesson of this log was
is basically don't promise something you
can't deliver and like have some human
decency so that's all I have to say
thank you from the bottom my heart
honestly and I'll see you tomorrow let's
see that
