let's go are you that's good I'm good hi
hi hi you guys from Craigslist bespoke
you guys gonna be two males and I what
you looking for a little boy
no oh are you sure I'm women okay we
spoke on Craigslist you're not the guys
no or nothing you say you gonna be
having a cigar you get it you're gonna
be sucking on it three inches deep no no
no that's not you happy right guy
well I shave my ass for nothing to do
Wow somebody here meant for you screw it
I got I gotta use the dildo tonight
again all right guys I see how it is
I'll find another John screw it what's
on the seat I think you have the wrong
person
women with dogs on Craigslist mail for
mail you're the one let me see yeah no
the black bag they said to get everybody
you got the wrong person
and my friends came out okay so you
brought a friend here with you now buddy
did you well you was my I was shy my
first time too I will leave I drove 60
miles here to see you and then you're
gonna do
I drove 60 miles to see you here it's
great you say you're gonna give up in my
ass like I never got it before and now
you're doing this you know I'm sorry if
I got the wrong person I would drive 60
miles back I'm not stealing your back
now you're accusing me of a stealer
because the
I wouldn't sure you love I don't have
like I've no idea really that's good I'm
like are you the guy with the shape
pubes let me see oh let me see your
pubes oh this is me see let me see let
me see let me see let me see just a
little bit that's gonna awkward yeah I
mean what's her name I know big cock at
aol.com that's not you
these are gonna be working out doing
headstands then when you come just
approached me like you know me so just
like I know you so maybe you still like
kind of playing with me so I don't know
if I should just mmm not be the guy from
Craigslist right what's supposed to me
from Craigslist I don't think so I was
on Craigslist but no oh from yeah for
mail for mail and Craigslist no it was
supposed to each other suck each other
cocks at 7 p.m.
you're the guy I know you're the guy I
know we're just for playing and all that
at school you you that's your way of
flirting you say getting you playing a
guitar here are you set the guy are you
playing with the guitar is there wasn't
there was there another guy playing
fucked up bro this is fucked up I was
gonna do a prank like this hidden camera
who I was going to or what happened now
yeah down no you don't want to go to
work oh you work there
nice so you want to do something quick
in a fitting room no you gonna get fired
I'll tell the boss to raise your
paycheck no I won't work that way oh hey
you're Bob from Craigslist I'm not
bumping we were supposed to meet here no
idea not me
huh different guy are you talking to him
now let's meet you got another day
coming I got another date
you car no I'm not a car but so you so
you are Bob look at you you checking you
check it you know how they check on
Craigslist if you're a cop or now you
squeeze the nipple
don't touch my nipples why they pierce
or something they're sensitive
they might rip off a she nipples so I
got some everything dude what's wrong I
got everything I got lotion I got
Nutella I got whatever you want
what am i there telling your booty huh
so it's not you
second awkward as hell sorry but in the
meanwhile while waiting for Bob gonna
suck your cock damage need some hey
what's up man hey man ding was here
mandingo you speak English yeah we met a
male for mail and Craigslist yeah
looking for guys no way I was looking
for a change for chicks
oh oh oh you know he says you were
looking for chicks and guys I'm the guy
and I found you
no way i I wanted the current list and
uh wait no I was looking for a job on
Craigslist but it wasn't like you know
like sometimes on the side of the screen
it's like firing a hot chick now or
right I find a big cock now no yeah yeah
that's what they look for in West
Hollywood they look for Cara Santa
Monica yeah chance yeah yeah like coz so
you want to go with me no way now I'm
cool yeah I'm good yeah I'm just smoking
some tobacco and chilling on ah yes I
was getting but you were touch I'm hot
yeah but you're you're you're you're
you're using just sexy you were just
texting me you were just telling me how
you wanted to take it for me be on the
bottom just pump
