what's up guys Gary Gary who's Gary my
friend just said someone who wanted to
fight me because I stopped I stole an a
on your test just because you got a C
and I got an A doesn't mean the negative
D means the plus B so why would you guys
do that to me Oh Oh new Vitaly nice to
meet you I'm the guy who fights on
campus so if you want to fight fight
give me a handshake how are you
team that's Vitaly well welcomes even
you fun yeah Vitaly yeah I just got oh
yeah I got a tiger something funny I
just want to give you a kiss to your
hand oh hey Ron hi Oh what's going on
yeah I know who you are from Harry
Potter Ron what's going on and I'm good
how about you I'm good how about you hi
right here right here right here why you
want to fight me man the guy said over
there you wanted to fight me because I
had a big nose so what I have a big nose
you have a mustache just because I just
because of this you have to fight me huh
who wanted to fight me you guys are nice
guys I don't want to fight
hug hug grab the guy grab somebody
wanted to fight me is was that you wait
I didn't do anything to for you why
would you want to fight me like that I'm
not fighting you Oh having a hottie PS
for you who is DPS DiPalma have a safety
officer you Public Safety guy become a
public safety yes Department what
Department of Public Safety safety for
words for safety reasons you say you're
getting fight no well I don't have AIDS
or anything so I mean you say you are
getting know they say you wanted to
fight me now oh it wasn't you now all
these guys around me looking at you
right now right there right there yep
yep usually I don't start with the
handshake when people want to fight me
but I'll start you why do you want to
fight me man what's the reason
accessing a place
me too or those out that's what you
wanted to find me what's the point dude
huh are you getting somewhere
I got things to do man I'm Bloods you
then should see this in blood I'll be
representing though 305 for my city
we're right to die okay so please bro be
careful when you wear these glasses
means you're in the gang - my gang is
not welcome in this College we might do
a lot of gangs here back and forth I
don't want to really do anything you
know what I mean you're a nice guy
Thanks so if you don't wanna stop by my
gang further down the line would you
mind taking this off and stop
representing my gang what not you too
huh bro
excuse me yep yeah okay he's here
hey what's up so we're fighting here or
where my friend said you were ready
where - ready to fight me I'm sick
you're sick yeah what does that mean I
don't want to fight Jim sick what does I
mean like like like physically like I
don't feel too good
why are you sick I don't I think my
girlfriend got me sick honestly are you
serious yeah what happened tell me tell
me tell me tell what happened was
basically we're we're hanging out and
you know do our thing for STD's no not
that just like it like a fever oh yeah
that's what you don't want to fight me
yeah I mean if I can get your number and
I can talk to about fighting later if
you want I'm down for that
yeah yeah all right well what do you
feel sick what I think we're yeah ever I
have a thermometer you want
thermometer yeah
Oh pull it like that okay
yes sir
sunjin six bro are you Russian huh are
you Russian yeah yeah yeah you speak
Russian
she chews she chewed the two coaches
madrasa yen kadhai torchin seen the
adorable margin Oh what's up homie Jesus
thanks for watching my video
I'm gonna be doing here daily pranks on
this channel daily or every other day
and if you haven't got my shirts yes
please get on vitalyzdtv they're
available you guys asked me where to get
them the link is in the description get
them today girls and boys any size thank
you guys so much for the support
subscribe to my second channel I'm going
to be doing a lot of videos on this
channel
