what's up homie geez so today we finally
chose the winner of the video
submissions to be future than one of my
videos well they're actually not in my
video it's in the comedy hop video on
their makers Channel and it's basically
I'm teaching the fan how to prank so
guys this is pilot this day out awesome
guy from makers videos that books me for
everything usually calls me everyday
you know lets me know what's up with the
business keeps me growing so I just got
to my set in Venice Beach were about to
shoot this comedy hub and we got the
winner right here
winner winner Tom yeah you nervous yeah
really you have a YouTube channel I do
but I don't do stuff like this oh you
like to get knocked out today go get a
mic tub I never I never been miked up
like this from the back my the wire is
going through my back and I'm through
the phone he's so nervous
these he hunters he is I can see I can
see I can see his shirt move because
this is hard beating so start with one
actually let me we've been testing up
let me clean it off for you
it's witty she ever side it's on if
there here's a wireless earpiece I never
seen anything like this before I need a
little upgrade on my videos instead of
using two headphones so we've been
shooting our video and is it crazy to
film with me
it's fun it's really I don't know how
people are gonna react I might tell you
things to say that you would never
imagine it I would never say this this
is way beyond what I would do normally
it's just the fan yeah yeah I just watch
I'm always like how does he do that
stuff and I usually would never ever do
that some lines they even told you to
say to the do you even say it right
they're like they're too late no you're
too ridiculous to say but hey if you
want to be in my video you got or you
got to do some crazy stuff guys you need
a feel for me they often tell you have
groups of three or more personal channel
make sure we go on by film la rule you
know use a stationary object tripods
that make you a film from it you use a
group of three or more that also makes
you a film from it okay so we just
wrapped our day up with all these
equipment we got a the old sound system
here be like a DJ that's right a walking
DJ what's your name man
dad dad thanks awesome working with you
guys you guys are awesome with these HD
cameras they used not like my twenty
dollar camera that I use for my friends
can't forget John where are you John
well we're even working today you were
hiding you weren't even filming anything
oh yeah I figured this guy comes out to
film and the unit see him the whole time
he just walks off and does his own thing
since lately I've been listening to a
lot of an MGK I became his fan he has
awesome music so I decided to buy a
Black Flag poster he watches my videos I
love that if you guys haven't heard
Machine Gun Kelly his music is awesome
and it's really inspiring and he's an
awesome guy I met him actually he
brought me on stage in Pompano Beach
Florida for his wild boy song so that
was pretty awesome that late so crazy
that there's a naked woman walk
middle of the street work hard keep good
right now we're at burrito you guys you
guys certain the burrito with Nutella no
gonna tell it's like a chocolate
hazelnut really it's really good you put
beans in it and everything in the tallow
would Nutella yeah it's really good you
mix beans with like chocolate and like
rice and chicken delicious just kidding
unbelievable really really good
you let you enjoy yours man yeah mmm
well that's about it guys I just got a
whole I'm gonna go gym because I haven't
been lifting not at all not in two
months now haven't lifted yet but anyway
so I'm going to Vegas next weekend
hope to see you guys there I'm gonna do
a fan meetup I'm gonna make a video my
main channel where I'm gonna be and all
that good stuff so hope I meet you
whoever's in Vegas
follow me on Instagram and don't forget
and see ya
