what's up homie Jesus me and Dennis are
here two guns for a fan meetup the news
is supposed to be there the fans are
supposed to be there so how many people
you think gonna show up do it now come
on I say 200
that's probably embarrassing to check me
push her off and it just fit better the
blog but I don't know I pushed the crap
out of it through my social networks and
people said they were coming we actually
have a lot of females coming too now
this is how an experience
cameraman worst it's two at a time so
i'll be i'll be i'll be doing the
interview let me go ahead and say your
say your name and spell it for me my
name is vitaly ster that's deep italy
with it being the front it would be VI t
a my last name would be stir that ski ZD
s zebra he hasn't dog always an orange
arse red orange he hasn't Victor he's an
elevated T as in Tom passes the sky
kissing camera thighs impossible wise
y'all just awesome people watch too much
news so it's really all you're gonna get
shot just because it's hit you're not
gonna get shot you know I'm not doing
anything wrong she shot the police say
you are impersonating a police officer
Oh Polly says that everywhere the police
yeah well little do they know I have a
bulletproof vest
the videos yes don't you see I'm skinny
I'm rip I'm not as bad as on my videos
there's one I guess one incident where
you're doing that but there's a school
bus that's going by behind you so means
thanks for letting me know so they're
selling drugs next to schools now you're
telling me well Ivan did a better job no
thanks thanks for bringing it up yep
guys there's no concern for putting
other people around you in danger for
what a lot of police officers like this
Meetup he's supposed to kick us out we
don't care rushon it then guys thursday
videos is gonna blow your mind during
Thursday's video what's up
really wants to magic what do you got
dude dude I got magic you sure but Alan
loves magic but Ali loves the magic this
house so I got a I got a shuffled deck
right that's what you'd call it
shuffle deck a card okay check this out
I need you to tap any card this one
right here I need to pick that one no
just kidding
don't force this card on to you anything
like that alright right check this out I
need you to sign this card okay she
brought the crab you marker yeah check
this out so if I take your card I just
put a ring and you snap sports this
card's connected to you okay this next
view is the only one in the world like
this unless you've been signed in other
people's success at the top okay pretty
crazy right now I can take your card
like you're taking I can put it about
half way in the legs in the middle wait
in the middle of the deck go in step
back up to the top okay whoa watch this
watch this
okay I can show you oh are you sure yes
done so you put it right here in the
middle the deck okay and if you snap
again comes up okay you see it come up
and watch just shake it in it's actually
this correct here turn it two different
controls so since I was so nice what did
I give you bro did you belt I'm thinking
maybe next meetup in York City guys let
me know if you guys want to meet up yeah
pranksters pretending to me undercover
cops actually chasing people they claim
are real drug dealers well tonight we
asked the man behind those bold pranks
why he's putting his safety at risk
new at 11
Morgan is live in the newsroom with the
guys answer know what surprise you yeah
I met up with this guy right here he's
the star of the YouTube prank videos he
before he met up with a bunch of his fan
site and he found the news to negative
and the sole reason behind what's
happening near what police call illegal
is to make people smile
courti pranks like 500 in the hood here
and Columbus for his YouTube channel if
you think 500 was too too much and I
should get shot for you you guys don't
know what's coming meet the talents
Urbanski
people in certain neighborhoods there's
not just good and dude in the hood
because there were just best reactions I
love black people they give the best
reactions police consider the police oh
yeah I'm not the right ID and break any
laws by most link and there's no laws
were broken to that video lawyer review
that's no fears
speaking of fear he says he's not doing
anything wrong to get shot but it meant
Stu wearing a bulletproof vest but
people take to watch too much news you
guys are crazy right now people are
watching Zaretsky his video has more
than a million hits on YouTube enjoy
what I do absolutely hundred-percent a
TV show in the works you know so I'm
doing something positive I believe now
he's only been doing this for just under
two years he says his next YouTube video
release is this coming Thursday he plans
to head back to LA Tara Morgan ad
you call me FEMA boy
