what's up guys brand-new today I'm gonna
go pick up some pepper and Mazzy Mads
we're doing a collab video they're gonna
help you shoot a Venice Beach I'm doing
a 2 million subscriber video and the
Steven Fernandez I don't know if you
guys know him baby's coming back of
course how you don't know the little
cutie he's meeting his there so it
should be a fun day first vlog ever look
at that what just gave him some slots
from your sluts
oh girl yeah I got him sluts I but I D
fix every one that was sought Smarties
yeah I'm a slide guy you know you need a
slot let me know so we're heading to
Venice Beach to film this 2 million
subscriber video that should be fun you
think we'll get it done
so we're just arrived to Venice Beach
with Sam pepper
man man forgets no today no I'm just
kidding but this fucking weather right
we're making out with cows I I grew up
my tentacle pig you know
are you serious now don't do it don't do
it don't do it because then we'll use
the water for you too all right now
you're just saying that because your
breath is gonna be bad and you wanna
meet have bad breath as well
I so basically means I'm getting our
viewers the girls
following this cocks trick and I SAT
girl fans out there coming in the video
let me know if you're a girl
mr. see she's right she's like she you
know big-ass dude she's nice
yeah I know right now what's up bro you
told me well we can't came here to
kidnap you what what mass I think you
found your dad you have mass town is
dead like sam says young and ratchet
ratchet and young i love ratchet fuck
your mama raised the ratchets and again
why are you getting mad wretchedly San
Diego you get that B that's a compliment
damn she got mad we've been here for two
hours no luck with our new video pretty
girl topless girls you know these
thirsty guys around me
yeah yeah yeah yeah in an out biker is
in and out sounds like everybody
everybody every time I'm in California
well I live here now but before I've
been here everyone's like go check out
in and out it's like a popular spot
everyone's like it's only coming for
nice over is this McDonald's same type
or not no it's much better I had it it's
thank you
you guys didn't know tomorrow he's gonna
be illegal
no I'm not gonna be illegal I mean
because he's going to England's right
now today to get legal but tomorrow if
you stay here you'll be illegal right
yeah so what happens if you don't get
back in the country speaking yeah bye
guys
say goodbye to some people in Jesus life
I'm a GP you might never come back kiss
the ground he's coming back in the bag
I'm saying in any I stay in LA with me
would you hold me Jean I'll fuck you too
I'm for tallies favorite thing to say is
homie G slow so : hashtag on Twitter
homie G slice get it trending hi guys so
we are gonna go take care of some ladies
we got good that's why we ended the vlog
right now we're just gonna we're just
gonna go meet up some cute girls you
know we're gonna cut the vlog a little
short bytes I mean short what time is it
it's it's around 7 p.m. yeah it's just
you don't want to say anything YouTube
won't be inappropriate for YouTube
yeah we don't want to get flagged so
I'll see you guys later I'm gonna try to
keep up with these logs check out madam
as if you have any cool vlogs British
guy I'm sure all the girls love him and
I'll see you later
they don't want eatable are you really
eating it eat it is
