what's up guys so this is my first vlog
me and my mom decided to go to Malibu
beach in LA she's here for a couple more
days she's just helping me move I
haven't uploaded any videos because I
was moving I have a letter for any trend
stuff so this is my last day
you know slacking pretty much and then
I'm going back to filming I have a great
video idea I'm going out tomorrow to
film it you guys are gonna like it it's
a 2 million view it's a 2 million
subscribers video so this should be
pretty fun then next week I'm going to
collab with Roman Atwood flying to a
high so I'm gonna start doing a lot of
fun things and actually I'm gonna start
vlogging since something these fun
things because in Florida I wasn't doing
much you're sitting on Facebook kind of
guy you know
this is the best song ever I don't know
when the song came out it just makes me
think about my life you know sometimes I
cry what's up guys just ran into a fan
so what's your favorite video man your
favorite videos um let's see
the mom the gangster mom let me get that
Russia hit man you have awesome Muslim
how much is it to go in 20 percent and
what comes with are you guarantee a
hooker or anything like that just the
beauty is their view
yeah we're actually gonna go you did all
right cool we got the fans over there
and they're scared to come up look look
they're just pointing like I hate when I
get recognized from a mile away and they
just don't look they just standing
behind and talking about me and they
just maybe come in closer and then Oh
then they're here now yeah I see are you
sure yeah see what I mean the remodel
wait is that him is that him why can
they just come up and take a picture you
know what I mean they're cities I was
scared you scared I didn't bring my nice
hello today so why did you want to fight
me we can try to fight you some of my
friends told me that you wanted to fight
me oh I know you how much how much from
my mom that's awesome
hey this guy's good sports so we're just
walking through this place that we want
to eat that's called Malibu cafe and
wait is
and the weight is about 20 minutes
vibrator to hold on to so when it
vibrates that's what the love happens to
feel it people pissed me off you're they
think they're all so big and they think
they can live I need to go ask them if
they lift their standing here lightly
yeah I'm an ER nurse warts and nugget
how do you lift be even lift chicken
arms no III didn't give you enough to
tell us you wanted to fight me yes you
like him tell us you know that Telus I
put on girls booties and they lick it
off what do you think about that no no
I'm not doing it down here I'm just
saying in general occasion whatever
works for you
I'll see you like the Nutella hot dogs
then nice little emoji it's time to give
some girls some vibrations it's like a
it's a sex toy if you guys didn't know
that they give out sex toys do you come
and eat here this is lobster pasta this
looks awesome and delicious delicious
and what'd you get
caliber fish and yeah those guys
offering me a cigarette and now he
recognized me I don't know no not here
yeah videos no yeah yeah it's a Justin
Bieber's dire huge app said if I
wouldn't tell on her booty she always
carries Nutella yeah every day nah she's
my mom what I'm do it like that
so do you know how it was $20 to walk in
and they said if you deep down there
will return your money
yeah hour and a half later look they say
they're gonna return our money for
heaped a $20 to walk in and if we eat
there they're gonna give us $14 back a
person so it's six to get in if you
look at this sorry guys I'm gonna cancel
my card sucks for you
they D still can't get over the fact
that they met me look at them look at
this guy
woo thank you you too bro so so now we
get back to the car and we got a ticket
for $15 but look at this ticket it
literally was like this look ticket
number license nine nine five nine time
whatever and look in the back window
stub there's nothing even on the ticket
that says I got these guys again are you
guys talking us going that way no I'm
kidding bro yeah look she's fixing her
hair and you slog through what you saw
that's good you don't want our cousin to
be in the living on her no but I can get
to know her alright no problem see you
guys later
