what's up guys I'm with my lawyer Roger
P Foley so vitally what's up what's up
so how did we meet
how do we how did I hire you you showed
up in my office and I did I was in jail
my mom
how your mom showed up that's right yeah
sure so we were sitting I was sitting in
jail and then I was talking to my mom
getting about public defender about my
hogs blonde case and she like now you
crazy you're gonna go to jail and stuff
like that and the lawyer was expensive
well my mom said he was a good lawyer
and I mean looks like he's a good lawyer
he got me out of this case and the case
was dismissed but let's go back so yeah
I didn't want that my mom go in the bank
and take all my money and I was
depressed he came to jail to visit me
said it's hard it's gonna be all right
obviously I didn't deliver good even and
the case was back and forth to going in
and kind enough you know initially we
thought because it was a prank that the
State Attorney's Office wouldn't take it
very seriously yeah that but based on
the previous cases you had in Palm Beach
County
yeah they want to make a gel offer
followed by what five years of probation
yeah that's the first offer and I take
cause I can't go back to Russia yeah
yeah big I counseled you not not to run
that we could still win this it might
think so yeah I'm for sure and then when
I put next off Rose a year probation I
said they want to take that and I got
elected three months BTI three months of
a preacher pre-trial intervention
program on a second-degree felony so
yeah so they change it from a
second-degree felony to a third and then
ultimately the case is dismissed as of
today I should have went to child
zimmerman one I would have won but facts
are a lot there so yeah excellent way
but I gave you the option to go to trial
I said if you want to go to trial but
it's a guaranteed dismissal my five
years
I don't want your five years over how
many 10 15 15 yeah so so vitally were
you scared
was I scared why'd we have to go to
prison a little bit yeah well yeah I
mean you read the state's discovery you
looked at the depositions in the case
yeah that's craziness like that most
craziest cases I've been charged with
and now it's dismissed it's kind of like
stress off so so now we're gonna we're
going to review some videos prior to you
posting right uh-huh
well every start Molly about reviewing
videos yeah because I'm not going to
charge you if you show me videos let's
make sure that they're within right yeah
well I'll be brought in from LA and I'll
be calling you from LA for sure and the
funny thing about the case is my mom you
know how my mom beat me up with it and
the drug could think prank on April
Fool's Day and tell them what my mixer
does is she really crazy yeah this sort
of it's key is uh definitely different
and uh yeah my mom didn't trust him
chief she hired him and then she was
like cool and then she thought we're
gonna lose or like I'm gonna get it
crazy like offer and I'm gonna have to
take it before I got here yeah mom's
about to knock him out of office
his mom was actually in the office and
staring at me and I actually thought
that a punch was coming and I asked
yesterday that Ali was sitting there and
I said in this sort of iski you look
very angry and it he and she just didn't
even respond ditch it yeah it should
have in response she she's like you
promised me you promised me as I said I
promised you I give you my best and I
will it she's like oh you better win and
you were like mom mom mom relax yeah
he's on our side he's other side for
sure so he's never happy calling you
from LA yeah god forbid if anything
happens another I'll actually be in
California next week all by the way the
homeless video the new homeless video he
took part of it part of it and we were
talking about this prank that I wanted
to do with a homeless man and then he
was like why don't you this to make it
better and like not what out yeah
out of my way to do it and look it's
going viral definitely winning thank you
for that high positive positive things
you know they're going to sue me to be
honest when it explode it was like yeah
well because you wanted to do it selling
off my own lawyers gonna sue me but I
always just thinking that if you follow
up with it and do the the dental
appointment and get the guy a job I mean
boy yeah we're doing part two for sure
for that video it's a good thing to do
and hopefully the state and some of the
public of yeah I wonder if this day will
watch you depreciate for once I'll
actually I'll send the prosecutor a link
to it nobody baby do it because they
were there like is this was part of your
probation ship thing you know that that
was really funny yeah I'll send her a
link I actually put you on my facebook
today so so also malechie really gently
I only have six hundred friends so it's
good thank you so much well the Roger P
Foley closing out if you guys in South
Florida this is the guy
sorry Foley calm what what is it lawyer
folio folio calm
