we weren't a fucking rehab you got
punched in the face oh I have a kid's
channel in YouTube I do demon lifts I go
up to big guys they work out I'm like
what's up with your chicken on I think I
pranked you before last time here no oh
yeah
all right you have a phone type in my
name is on be prank on YouTube yeah
nobody saw I got a pedicure I don't even
have a piece of paper to write on your
fucking hit hey man I I want to I want
to start shooting up steroids and I
don't know where would you help me with
that shit you should have it's over she
knows me
you guys wouldn't work he's accusing
people doing steroids getting some good
reactions yeah
hey something up
oh hey you can hear me yeah can you all
just saying what kind of steroids are
you on I'm not on serious you sure yeah
I wanted to know what kind of so I can
do this be the same big wait no no I
just take creatine what is that you
don't want creatine no are you fucking
with me
come on what kind of steroids are y'all
man it's just that fucking do you live
do even if dude yeah I'm doing I'm just
using people doing Sarah's it so this
fight Ali what's up man good how are you
thanks thanks yeah I'm filming right now
trying to get some stuff out thanks take
a picture together man together yeah
oh yeah ah ha ha a good picture it's the
first you're the first person that I see
taking steroids and not breaking on your
face yeah okay yeah I just wanted to let
you know you're on camera I'm messing up
you fuck with me man says hi guys you
guys have to join my meeting excuse me
you guys have to join my meeting sa
steroids anonymous you guys using too
much steroids you got to stop I'm just
kidding man I'm making a video are you
guys do you flood who shoots up for who
oh my god oh wow you could make sure
yeah finally
you know that video link I sent you to
the UH do you look like this is him
oh that's you yeah what's up I don't
know I just
Kali dude dude I'm just trying to see
what kind of steroids are you on man
nothing I was just kidding with that's
our new video why he sees you what's up
brah I'm trying to get some steroids I'm
not trying to get someone you look like
you destroyed so I wanted to teach me
where to shoot up fuck bro we're gonna
put you in behind the scenes those look
good what's up guys I have an important
question I need a help shit up can you
guys help me help shut up
goddamnit see you guys don't do steroids
shit damn
none of that shit what is that bad oh
alright snow you don't look good Oh too
small you guys are big that's why I
don't know I don't know how I don't know
how you get naturally big so yeah I'm
just playing with you guys we're doing
she making a video
trying to get people pissed off I
thought you guys gonna be like get the
fuck out of your shit or something but
yeah all the way over there but we're
not gonna put you in the video because
you didn't give me any reaction I
thought you guys gonna get angry like
you guys you guys should know you're
talking about drugs that was all don't
lose it for a sec oh no no he's gonna
suck okay I'll just get a come here bro
your camera bro so the frame thank you
you guys did big steroids come here
you're at also swell you give the best
reaction ever bro could be a girl you're
not going anywhere you're gonna be in
our video see they know yeah it's bro
you're an awesome rift even lift yeah I
got a do a cover up y'all you made into
a video with that reaction you're
signing the release what's up guys
can you guys for joining my sake glasses
yeah I see several you know torch on the
boat touch oh my goodness
you
