that she squats she's lying
no she was literally what does that beat
that Budhia seven years old she's had an
acid she kind of like a little boy's
body hello it's nice I'm not saying
you're fat
I'm not famous you're treating me like
famous tag me on instagram vitaly is
EDTV
hello I was wondering is a healthy to be
on the beach while you're pregnant
why oh is that why you're on the beach
oh you're not pregnant oh I'm so sorry I
was gonna ask you a congratulation guys
when the baby's coming I think six
months overdue six months overdue oh
okay miss couple miss Gary is what would
you say miscarriages bro where the baby
died well you killed it I killed mine a
poop pushed my wife down the stairs bro
jump on our stomach is that a black baby
or a white baby
why baby pay to come over here see these
I don't forget pay you guys on camera
we're just pranking you were asking
skinny girls like yourself your girls
get mad they're like am i fat yeah you
guys want to be in our YouTube video you
never seen my videos have you ever seen
the Miami zombie prank where the guy
dressed up as zombie and chases all the
black guys in the hood why I'm pouring
them from Russia but yeah I have a lot
of pranks I go even left I go up to big
guys at the gym I'm like what's up with
your chick are you seeing it no sir you
got you fucking give it you played along
really good like girls will be like am i
fat but it's not rude because she's
skinny I would never go up - I should
better she was like just chilling I
don't go home and throw up now don't
force yourself oh my god ladies it's not
healthy to drink alcohol while you're
pregnant you know that yeah why he's
pregnant you know Oh what happened
come here ladies I want to switch this
stuff you're on camera you guys are
looking really gorgeous that's why I
said that to you just a social
experiment I'm a big youtuber no no stop
this is all for drugs I'll do like a big
production so this is not just me
fucking around with the camera so no you
guys in great shape that's a compliment
I would never go up to look okay come
here okay can you guys turn the release
form for YouTube she got you guys
fucking game on the awesome reaction oh
I'll buy you three rounds of drinks
right now it's a YouTube video come on
you and great your guys are hot you guys
what do you think I would fucking go up
to a girl that's oversized and say yeah
you're fucking pregnant please you just
got you made the ending of the video you
guys fucking you killed me the video
this is the hole yeah have you ever seen
the Miami zombie prank where the girl
that's me thank you see this is all for
entertainment this is all for Institue
the big kill me I know the guy got it
just gonna be like holy shit uh oh my
god you guys are so fucking funny I just
I saw your face I thought I'm gonna I
wish you guys fucking beat the fuck out
of me that's the reaction I'm really
looking for
there you go yeah
see people now is gonna see how good of
a sport you are let's don't go home now
and throw up please don't go bulimic
just kidding
I mean you are guys are drinking fat
Tuesdays you've tried to get fat or
something so she's shit she's lost her
it's nineteen six nineteen thirteen
alright so look up Miami zombie prank
and this is gonna be the recent video uh
I'll take a picture with my phone and
I'll send it to you have an email
address man um yeah an autograph a fan
just a fan just ask me for an autograph
hold it up to the camera what sir
my autograph on the receipt and even
left I don't know I'm not that famous
for an autograph but I really appreciate
that and Kure let's let's take a picture
together
oh yeah I'll give no I'll get up here
take a picture good picture in our good
picture thanks bro just chilling trying
to thank you thinking with this you
filming look good for behind the scenes
yes man hey what's up man huh what I'm
cool I'm hot I wish I was cool say you
think yeah let's take a picture you want
to hold the baby shoes yeah which one
anyway the girl
looks like a baby convention on yours
hey yeah no problem bro anytime yeah
it's a cycle today huh good yeah new
video up tonight hey can he kiss me
video nope it's up tonight I'm going up
to like skinny girls I'm like how many
months are you pregnant he should their
foot Oh school oh you like that one so
you're gonna like this one for sure
thanks man I appreciate it look give a
girl I could squat watching there she
just left yesterday
how'd you came across the videos the
first one I saw gon be wrong but yeah
that was the first one damn so like last
year yeah well since then yeah I love my
fans I crave advance Christmas videos
man you can't go wrong with his shit
hungry I'm edgy stuff yeah you know I
like to push it to the limit to push it
so much requirement I first you have a
great day yeah absolutely
new video tonight all right
