excuse me ladies the even squat no I
don't why you don't squat come here let
me see you
I got a measure come in I'm serious
are you see you guys don't squat huh she
got creeped out I'm just kidding you
guys on camera I'm just pranking you
guys you guys want to be in the YouTube
video
you sure are you guys underage on a
jogging shift well I don't know how you
get if you guys net 18 I don't know you
guys to sign a release form saying that
that's cool to use your face on the
YouTube video does she squat what yeah
let me ask her hey hey hey hey hey stop
listening to Justin Bieber do you squat
squat yeah-huh I was just saying I'm
inviting girls with big booties to my
house I was gonna oh hold on one second
let me let me let me match gonna measure
it are you serious yeah I need to see if
you qualify for my party huh
VIP if she can't work do a little twerk
for me give me three seconds of
Tortorella give me three seconds of
twerking I'm just kidding guys you're on
camera I'm filming hidden-camera social
experiment did you even squat right
there you guys want to be in our video
it's gonna be it's gonna be a big
YouTube video you guys huh yeah video
looks like online to the online tonight
you look good she looks good she had a
nice little booty it's working over
there yeah it's work for the camera yes
you want to work for the camera holic
troika Holly oh hey bro
I'm like my eyes are closed I'm like
whoo sky she was like thank you thanks
guys awesome you guys having a good day
oh girl gay man it all works out
ah excuse me guys deviant squad you
squat squat yeah
yes are you sure can I measure your
booty oh hello
this it's excellent yeah you're on
camera oh just kidding you guys want to
be in the video cut it Vegas hey come
here
it's time to make her sign to release
for hey all right so we need you to sign
a release form so you could be on his
YouTube channel without million views
you're gonna get like 20 million views
ha ha ha
gah booty of course look at that let me
see you let you squat I'm gonna measure
again where do they come out - uh 11
dude damn nice that's not so far
I put Nutella in that booty and eat it
like no tomorrow oh really oh my
goodness in here - let me smell let me
measure these Oh fantastic should I put
my face in it
yeah yeah oh oh this just woke me up
this just looked me up was on you to
tell Edie oh we just got the best name
let's get a number she's gonna text you
to say no to fuck for sure hey come here
here's me ladies leaving squat beavin
squat
squats you can squat
Squad is high yeah let me see naka maker
McCamey nah nah nah I'm just I'm being
serious listen I'm the new guy in town
that transforms bang cake booties to
nice round booties you guys need help
nice form another email Oh kind of yeah
I'm just kidding you guys extra camera
yeah you guys are but you guys actually
had very nice booties do you guys want
to be in our YouTube video for social
you don't want to fuck bro it was a good
reaction actually not to go signed
releases be like this is a million view
video go go go go just go up - just go
don't
whether they have a bit I have a started
to scream thank you are you sure you
guys give an awesome reaction it's hope
for entertainment I wouldn't if you guys
didn't have a nice booty I would never
grew up because that's why you guys got
offended because we you know you have
nice booties why do you get offended you
know you guys are fine at 6:50 and 13
please appreciate it follow me okay here
look look come here so it's no bullshit
look what's yours but seriously can up
with Nutella in your booty
the shit like it should be on a there's
gonna be a good video for sure get out
of here
they're about to find out yeah that's me
well look at my face look at me look a
follow then looking falling from I'm
falling from my page 51 gave its advice
okay cool follow me back alright awesome
girls I'll see it yeah yeah absolutely
oh they did they gave a fucking
priceless reaction alright guys doing
your thing
thanks man thank you thank you guys
thank you guys thank you see bro you're
convince them so good excuse me excuse
me excuse me excuse me Vivaan squad even
squad yeah because my booty looks a
little bigger than yours
yeah what kind of sports do you do well
I'm just measuring booties around here
gonna measure your booty yeah see if you
qualify for my party tonight
oh it's fine but I just measured from my
own purchase to see what's the
percentage here in Nam just coming I was
just actually kidding we're filming a
social experiment Frank where I'm like
deviance wah Frankie would you want to
be in our video it was a candy camera
are you all ready we're ready filmed it
you want to sign a release form never
see Miami zombie prank oh are you are
you Russian are you from on your you
look Russia's closer yeah
I just speak from Morocco actually I
just basically states that you're
allowed to use this on YouTube and this
was comedy your reaction was priceless
because you have a big butt and I spot
some like my butt is bigger than yours
so that's what was the reaction we could
hold it for you you didn't have to do
that but but not but now don't get to
measure your booty yeah I just I'm
really measuring because I want to I
want to see it's okay let me see yeah
I'm gonna measure it okay she's
definitely good for the teller all right
awesome
yeah got that you killed some crazy dude
you're right all right really you should
did you leave it how big it is
yeah I got right okay right all right
I'll text you
I'll text you all right Vitaliy
you live in for a lot of though yeah all
right I'll text you all right gives Kip
Kip Kip squatting keep squatting keep
squatting kids oh my god she gave me her
number
hey guys fuck your presentation for me I
mean y'all ha ha fucking lazy build up
put your number in my phone
congratula smoke
you
