so we're gonna back up here and look at
you like our fridge well it doesn't look
that back because we took half of this
stuff out and we're drinking in the
bathroom it's pretty weird nice cold
Heineken to start off with sup Joel
snap to it what are you drinking and
again like a pussy I'm drinking so what
am i drinking Jager Bomb the Red Bull
trying to look like a million bucks if
you know what I mean look Mitali Vegas
Andrew what why we're vlogging this
mother o channel it's Gavin oh my god
look look I'm in Vegas let me just stop
me to just to touch my hair
okay go ahead what's up this is my thing
oh hi what's this guy all right which is
all right my thing is I'm trying to
survive yes and basically what I do is I
kill jokes or I do I insight how about
this dog don't do it give me a 20-second
comedy stand up and I'll bring some cash
it would be girl right she had to be in
it Windom suntan tears the bitch ain't
got no arms and no legs I can't got no
teeth and I know if there's a tooth
fairy I'll be rich look just do what
ladies look at he sick damn they things
like she got some good pussy even though
she ain't got no arms and no legs I kind
of want to fuck that bitch right so look
the girl noticed it right she say look
let me ask you something she say I never
got hug before would you hug me
sorry hug her she say thank you she say
I never got kiss before would you kiss
me so you kissed her she say thank you
she say look man do it I never got
fucked before would you fuck me so the
mother grabbed him to ass and the warden
said you fuck now beats you can have no
arms and legs she deserves five dollars
five dollars all right guys it's what
time is it I don't get where do you meet
shuttle care 6:40 a.m. 6:40 a.m. Luke
Joel and pull this up I just came from
casino thousand dollars baby cuz you
know and look at these guys oh you're
waking up I started a vlog yeah you want
some attention go to sleep these guys
are knock the scare right here with the
house a lot of damage lesson yeah
actually we have damage we have to pay
for the rooms because the doors are Nook
have to be knocked down because that we
got locked out and Andrew Hales of
sleeping we're all sleeping
we're not sleeping so right here just
like that VIP this is it is this the
ride just a blackjack right here spear I
know Las Vegas baby
getting get shotgun like a little kitten
or no cool man thanks
hey guys up in Vegas it's 11:00 at the
party it's 11:00 in the morning and I
feel like this is so funny
so funny where the people at yeah I just
left them I just left a place and then
I'm just here so yeah I've been in Vegas
for probably 12 hours and this is the
place the best place I have ever been so
far
what's up guys this
day two only two hours of sleep and we
got Andrew right here maybe you got some
sleep right oh yeah I got ten hours of
sleep so he's good this is a sober
Andrew Kurt
stop what's up these guys live on
McDonald's by the way yeah don't don't
tag my neighbor in LA for anything my
model said just would rather not see ya
our Degas that's right you can put that
in there
wait I know who I'm gonna make out with
fucking Jet Li excuse me
is that okay if I kiss you why I just
one kiss not you're gonna kiss you bet
that's engaged no I know he's engaged
I slept no no she really is that's left
finger this is for her but she's not
engaged she's not engaged
she's not even hey what's your Excuse no
stop I'm just in camera I'm kissing
everybody walking right so we ran out of
gas in this limo is beautiful limo now
you're putting us to do we're getting
into this limo we ran out of gases what
is it 7:00 in the morning yeah
