hey they got nightclub strip clubs I got
$20 hookers I got gays transsexuals $20
hookers I got him with AIDS whatever you
want
oh you know what aids okay just hurt
perps okay I got those too $10 20 guys
$20 hookers no no $10 $1 three are you
gay
so what's going on man hey
we need all the hookers where huh where
come on I gotta go
$10 I can't they're hot Kengo little dev
aids alright you're looking for hookers
I got him come on $20 you check it
you're checking back pages come on $20
hookers tell me what you want
I got gays I got buys they got your eye
sexuals whatever you want I'm okay if
you click it I get free pussy I don't
have to buy 20 bucks that's just a tip
because that's just the tip she does it
for free
23 Greater 20 bucks just so dollars is
gonna cost you in the long run and
finish sealing cost you know what I'm
saying well Shirley has AIDS that's it
oh hey dollar Hey huh I'm not but with
put $20 hookers what you want I got
trades I got gays I got whatever you
want yeah yeah I can only go so long
without a blowjob so so so impressed
next but still you drop the soap in
prison I let him be Ishod you are richer
now come if there's a difference between
gay and homosexual uh so what's the
difference gains like it so I'm getting
her ho si las vegas what happens here
can't be cured with penicillin
that's thank you right that's a girl $20
hookers what should be able to hold up
Jews coming to our heads no I sell $20
hookers but I guess what I don't know I
mean if you're not 20 I give you a 10
