huh why fucking laugh why really can't
use that shit without my information oh
really yeah who says so illegal fucking
law this is a public area so what you
can take someone to picture them without
their permission you can't well you
flicked us off for no reason so look you
off because you're fucking recording me
we're not required you're watching us
you're watching Jason please watching
this bull now it's red light because
it's a great reaction because you're
flipping out for no reason we'll fight
some Nutella spread it on some booty and
you'll be fine oh that's a good idea
yeah hi guys
when I lived in Russia I always wanted
to be like one of those people that
witness the life chase in LA and I'm in
LA right now look what's going on how
far is it from here 20 minutes 20
minutes from here yeah there's a dam I
got to go pull a prank this is awesome
what are we doing Jack Vale we're going
out with the train horn guys Steven
Bowie yeah what was it Steven Bowie TDW
Playa cubed no but he's in the real moon
we have a guest star here we can't see
you John
Uncle John where are you
put the light in an ankle John you lit
up your magical crash paper this is
behind the scenes of extreme paranoia
with Jack Vale what's up introduce
yourself I'm Cody kam Jax cameras got ya
introduce yourself hey what's up Benji
okay cool and we got the puter gun Jack
I have a name the puter yeah this is a
good name Vail Jack yeah Jack and so
what would it into that Jack we're doing
I don't know what it's gonna be called
like extreme care and extreme paranoia
drink the Russian hit man pretty great
Jack Vale is a model if you guys didn't
know yeah I shot these for him yeah this
little surveillance photos hey guys
we're taking a break right now and look
at this what's up they got the whole
operation going here oh you know it's a
big one bank Locker thank you that's a
big one it's big and black - thank you
yes hey guys we're here at the Venice
Beach with a hot say hi to everybody
no guys yep so we just keep shooting a
secret prank for you which is gonna be
out probably this week at this beautiful
skate park look at this professional guy
over here let me see your Kim we got
Uncle Bob over here what's up what's up
nice to meet you nice to meet you whoa
hey
what's up bro anything about this this
is Venice Beach
