yo yo yo everybody what's going on so me
and Andrew Hales are about to go from an
epic video for you this is beautiful
I mean everybody thinks I live on Miami
and it's sunny and Beach girls nah man
this is paradise I love being in the
snow I love the cold and this is like
the warm cold it's not even that cold
like I'm wearing a shirt a little coat
so we came here to wear yeah and it's
what goes down it's a ghost town all
these cars but nobody inside of the
buildings nobody in parking lots and
maybe the world's coming to an end or
date what no Jade Jade apparently this
is supposed to be the best place in Utah
right in America with hot dogs in
America oh my god a weiner never tasted
so good before in my life these are some
good manners mmm this is some delicious
hot dogs for show hey guys so we're just
arriving in Nevada and look at his hotel
for $90 Mac Patti's sweet Andrew Hales
is doing mag daddy today look at what do
you think bro yeah it's a nice room yeah
so four guys two beds but don't worry
guys just own the beginning of the night
so don't worry it's gonna be four guys
eight girls all right guys with Xena
right now and so yeah we're playing the
roulette
I'm throwing down I'm throwing down 200
I'm red you're throwing 300 on red we're
going big tonight
and we just won you see this do you see
this let me see I'll show you those
chips no no show me the chips
we just went ham yeah but you're a
little boy man you didn't throw down
with us I'm a little bling bro do you
see this wood through two hundred we get
four hundred back
that's how Kadena works my first time
now we go feed all right guys you know
how just
$200 well so it was 400 so I throw a
hundred down I lost and have 300 left so
I'm throwing in 300 home black guys I
threw that 300 down
six chips yeah so it's not it's not hold
to hold it so I'm not taking my French
chips he got his own chips $600
