excuse me sir could you stop for a
second oh hey what's up man how's it
going at that same cameraman yeah it's
about the camera no so what's up what's
up the king of awkwardness do you hear
that
yeah hey you know you don't say nothing
about the shirts you just ask her if she
you can put you can just ask her if you
put in the towel on the booty yeah yeah
you guys like matelo and booties yeah
yeah you just put chalk yeah you just
put chocolate and ass and you lick it
off that's all
introduce yourself my friend
I'm Luke Donahue aka Fluke videos you
look cool Luke Donahue that sounds like
you're a writer that sounds like you're
in 1973 of 6nf right you're like real
the late sixties man 669
just make out alright you just missed it
inch away excuse me ladies I have to put
you in front of a camera and who are you
oh fuck I can't see your beautiful faces
hold on what's your what hello my name
is zerah zerah
how are you I am so great I am from Salt
Lake City well dude this is a random
question do you like Nutella on booties
which is a chocolate hazelnut and if so
you wouldn't mind if one of us with
Nutella on your booty guys see I like
see I'm from Miami and girls don't like
to tell on booties I like where I'm
going with this
they love mr. C
