hey guys hey everybody another day of
filming going to it for you and yeah a
lot of pranks are coming up and you guys
talking about how how to pick up girls
are not gonna come out everything's
coming just give it a break just chill
out I'm working a lot of things and but
anyways off the subject a little bit you
guys are calling me fat in my comments I
love it I love it you know why cuz I'm
motivated today's my first days back at
the gym diet I gained a lot of weight
now you guys motivated me with those
comments to get my fat ass stop and go
to the gym and lift and by the way the
even lift bro prank yes it is coming out
and we're going to have for you right
now to film unexpected interviews with
strangers that should be fun hey guys
we're at for you right now and I'm
actually kind of a little scared to go I
don't know why I didn't drink the Red
Bull maybe that's why Jonathan is in the
back there John and are you getting
frustrated we just happened so we just
have a fan with two girls and you know
they just kind of walk biasing and one
guy recognizes so he's just like hey
that's the guy so then not they're just
following us and now they're deciding
like they don't know what's going on
unexpected interview why does around
pizza come in a square box you sure why
does the round pizza come in a square
box thank you thank you thank you thank
you thank you thank you how'd you know
me don't be shy so you're just walking
up to me and you say you know me yeah
yeah how you know me you know me too how
do you know me you see your videos we
love it you love the videos dance for me
with you troll yeah how do you know me
on YouTube do you see me along you too
fuck yeah
what was your favorite prank so far Oh
had to be the baby one actually I love
that shit baby well yeah you're gonna
come the fucking wagon oh my god the
baby one that was the worst one Oh
the hair on you and she had to pick up
girls hair in this unexpected interview
you didn't get escaped unexpected
interview unexpected interview at the
movie theater which armrest is yours
you're an unexpected interview how are
you let me interview you
what's up bro what happened your nipples
produce orange juice no are you sure yes
do you like Nutella on booties yeah you
do you sure I guess why you got such a
scary look and you like to stick your
penis in Donuts I would I mean I
wouldn't stick your penis in there
because your penis isn't attached to me
but I would sing my opinion someone I'd
really kind of wanted in this one but
this one's okay take a bite so good
right how's the daughter good are you
sure yeah yeah do you feel uncomfortable
yeah
