hey guys right now with the gas station
that we're going crazy for some
reservoir you're creating a revolution I
think you should be Red Bull every time
before I go out filming I have to drink
one of those if I don't drink it there's
no video guys for me so hopefully Red
Bull doesn't run out you fancy huh
she's fancy you see her she's fancy with
her little hair I whipped my hand back
and fought with my hair back and forth
hey guys you're in an unexpected
interview right now how are you
wonderful good good how are you what do
you think that ello and booties I don't
know what you just said not to hello in
the booty
let's have a chocolate on the booty yeah
I think by just asking
you see the trip
hi guys right now we got just detained
for the sniffing prank sniffing in the
hood but and then I show the cops our
videos they loved it this is crazy okay
so tell me what happened John what
happened was the cop took you to the
victim so I took the guy took me to the
victim so then he you know the girl was
just freaking out she thought that you
know she was gonna be on youtube or
something did you show the cop looted
yeah I've showed a couple footage he
laughed his ass off right in front of
her and then she calls her mom saying
I'm gonna sue that I'm gonna sue them ba
ba ba ba ba guys before you film in the
hood think about something excuse me
ladies can i - you know why okay
that's happened like after today so
people were scared and stuff yeah how
much do you want for the baby y'all give
you $5.00 come on that's a good-ass deal
what's the baby name can we share Lucy
can we show the baby come on we'll eat
the baby baby eaters come on
is that a girl or a boy girl put her in
the thrash guard oh all right god bless
your baby baby don't text while you
drive you got you got a baby in the back
don't text while you drive all right
babe you're on a mag expected interview
Cory you in the phone with who you're in
the phone with Thank You Man and he's
trying to break the Machine it's pretty
good
why are you breaking the Machine I miss
you man this is for evidence for the FSU
managers to see what you know this is
the guy don't know his name but just so
you see the face
I wasn't lying he's breaking the machine
we're selling doughnuts do you want to
buy them you want what be Jerry beef
jerk do you want you to come to FAMU
with us wait what number is it report it
didn't come out we're gonna go
