what's up villains so today's the day
we're going to Abu Dhabi to for Formula
One and you know it's funny to say that
I'm not just going to make this into a
vlogs regular vlog now this is the
common area of Italian travelling across
the whole world to kiss Rihanna yeah
that's right to kiss Rihanna oh hold on
one second the heaters are flying in
hold on the haters are flying it can't
see him now so anyways I was just guys
anyways guys I'm excited to show you
guys blogs I'm gonna try to vlogs I'm
gonna try to deliver you guys 20 to 30
minute blogs and I'm gonna try to vlog
everything but I guess I'm gonna be
meeting Rihanna someone I tried to make
out with her that's right no no no if
you're gonna make me know I'm gonna make
it this is like this is a journey across
the wall how a Russian boy traveled
sixteen hours across the world to kiss a
black girl and then they married and had
a your chocolate princess and Harwich
and I had a coffee with milk kid
whatever that is
so but yeah I'm super excited and it's
just funny how I sure tell them about
how our flights yeah not yet no yes
depends how we land no because you know
how how we're like oh all these
companies when they fly guys fly us out
and everybody's always business business
business class always you know you get
spoiled like that so I was like I'm not
flying if it's only business but then I
get these tickets literally three hours
no three hours before we supposed to
leave before were supposed to call the
lift and the economy like 16 hours and I
know I'm not no offense to somebody was
but after you do that and after
accompanied by Z tickets and you know
plus one which are brought Tony thank
you by the way yeah it's like ya know it
sounds like not it's worth it an economy
to go make out with Rihanna but that
that's just I'm being just nice I'm just
being nice you know I was gonna happen
out there but that's why I'm bringing
you guys along and I'm gonna enjoy my
business class on my car right now for
the next 30 minutes I'm super excited to
go to Formula One once-in-a-lifetime
experiment experiment lease areas yeah
and what is it's going for Brent rates
right the grant program freaks dubach
like what he laughs freaks get three
Grand Prix Grand Prix every time every
time I get that feeling I'm going out of
the country
it's the best feeling in the world
because like I want to smell fresh
different air I'm gonna be a savage mode
and then lovers should we ring I don't
know to go please stop asking all the
stupid question
no no I don't know I didn't write in
vote oh you're not James II 16-hour
flight oh nice bringing your pants yeah
yeah nope that's too big for you my
fucking ah
I made you're off to see Rihanna to make
out oh shit you saw that you know yeah I
totally am I'm gonna - you're joking
that oh my eyes I'm gonna play a game
with her I'm gonna do rock paper
scissors if she wins she gets to slap me
right after I broke my jaw but if I win
we get to pick and she's gonna probably
agree to play and I know I'm gonna win
so she hasn't agreed yet
oh no no no we're gonna go to formal
Wanamaker go to our concert you know I
see a fight with Frank you haven't done
probably running across the World Cup oh
yeah and what Frank wouldn't you ever do
again that broke my jaw well that was a
stunt there all right he I think I saw
one that one yeah not the Frank I
wouldn't do any more I don't know
where's Shawn the teeth oh yeah what's
that
I got medal like I still got metal in
there Cassie again yeah it's like
grooves bright yeah cool it's like
groups yeah my man Hannibal Lecter about
these three have you got a rivalry with
the other Vitaliy
oh my god everybody mistakes me for that
Italian not me though I Love You Man
I think he's a bit of a douche Thanks oh
yeah I don't know he grabs Dinky's asses
yeah everything I mean we wouldn't do it
I was pretty tella hope you smooth it he
grabs it you got to get on my level
spreading it I was wondering is there
any like thing we could do right here
right now
oh no that's too much we gotta get this
place yeah how much you gonna pay
I got you next time I promise you next
time all right but I think some type of
if you like agree on it
if I do it then I will have triple-a
paparazzi waiting yes I don't know how
we did it I just asked and if you're
asking you asked confidently we got
upgraded to business classes I don't
know how this happened we talked about
we talked guys confidence okay so what
books it last second I mean we just
business class so you have any upgrades
no I'm sure nobody's gonna know I don't
know how we did it but we did it
this trip is honestly out of control I
just asked this young man where is the
Korean airline she's like I'm going
there hop in like this trip can't get
any better this is why I like flying
business
oh yeah 10-hour flight ready for a
10-hour place yeah actually yeah ready
fit look at this beautiful world
are you ready Tony - Zachary day yes sir
one clapping then I passed out and Tony
says I'm not a human being because I
don't know what a jet lag I don't know
when people say what the hell is dread
like Jeff like he's not I don't know I
wasn't tired less and I just passed out
but thanks to split my name right
Vitaliy lly but look at this I'm getting
I'm going to actually up with Dobby
actually headed there right now we added
that right now so if you guys want to
see the start up crazy blogs this is
just started vlogs so this is a warm-up
blog for you guys make sure to follow
the journey tomorrow come back it's
gonna be crazy we're about to meet the
racers should I tell about we're doing a
pit lane walk pit lane walk whatever
that means I mixed super excited
superstar we're gonna see the Ferrari
drivers Mercedes drivers I'm gonna bust
my show all right guys thank you so much
for watching this vlog I was first day
in Dubai didn't do much Leonard super
late tomorrow's gonna be full of day of
excitement so prepare get some popcorn
because these vlogs are about to be lit
or Leedy I don't know how it should say
but thank you guys so much for watching
who's banging on my door at 4 o'clock in
the morning be serious oh is that that
one girl alright guys I gotta go please
give this a big thumbs up and I'll see
you guys tomorrow for more crazy stuff
listen
