what's up villains welcome to another
vlog I'm with your boy so energy so much
energy you know why do we lose are we
we're freaking Vegas the first time I'm
in Vegas where I'm actually asleep to
say I'm gonna be sober the whole time
I'm here and no clubs what is that your
breath you go sugar chocolate sugar look
at my cards it's ready here oh I got to
pick it up but we're here for the
charity event
for Steve Aoki we're actually on time so
let's see what's going on we're gonna
auction off a prank let's see I hope I
raise some money man I mean I told Tony
I was like bro nobody raises their hands
would be afraid with me I'm like raise a
thousand and our first event here in Las
Vegas which is by home and bringing out
the community and I see a lot of
different kinds of people here it's not
just if you like oh the club and my
shows but all kinds of people's I
appreciate everyone coming out for this
so this event and
foundation is really about the main the
main things about saving the brain and
why brains well the brain itself is to
me the most single most important
phenomenon in the universe it's why
we're here today is why is why we are
species and it's exciting to see what
was going to happen in the future you
know that's that's what brought me to to
raise money and funding for for our
brain what what is really happening what
can we do to enhance our intelligence
our creativity as well as recover the
brain and one thing I learned which
which really hit me hard from the Lou
Ruvo Center was that 50% of the
population 50% of people here will be
afflicted by some brain degenerate
disease like Alzheimer's dementia
Parkinson's that will affect you and I'm
sure that majority of you already know
someone or a family member that has it
or is or you know me beginning so it's
it happens to all of us affects everyone
and you know I'm just happy you guys are
here and I'm happy for all the people
they came out of support all the
the amazing live auction experiences
that robin Leach is going to present
there on YouTube videos this is the
lifetime there's 3,500 somebody play one
damn bills in it we have three brand
name we look at the 3500 somebody else
in the house top down left or right when
you group a group crazy prank with your
friends already doing work for you and
without of
alright we're talking about life in the
good
if only enjoy okay think about who you
want to prank and who and imagine going
millions and hundreds of billions of
views on to imagine the 4500 you can't
back off now come on you with the lead
yes Oh 55 one week without who's going
to save a fortune
somebody gotta go for six yeah no
delusion no collusion you can't talk to
them you've got to reach other people
you choke you want to
to the guys 700 maybe we can put the two
together can we put this together all
right
it's going once twice
the question is the question is the
Oh
ya know
Oh
so the measure
so we just left the event and I just
want to say that I'm super humble and
honored to raise 50 brand watts I
thought I'm literally gonna rent had
raised two hundred dollars a thousand
for a lot the guy doesn't but they can
write the guys but the guy doesn't know
that that we're gonna do a viral video
and this shit's gonna get crazy
Wow look at that look at the moon can't
see whoa this looks sick
you know what I wasn't gonna go out I
was like but then it's like 15 geez hey
boys I don't know maybe I can't honestly
guys when I vlog I'm scared that people
that never been in my vlogs to put
cameras and never maybe they don't want
to be filmed and stuff but you know why
that's how it became a savage on my
pranks I didn't care what people think
so I shouldn't care I should that's like
we know Criss Angel you gotta walk with
anybody to do it yeah okay Russian said
that was a fast trip to Vegas that's
right we woke up no party no nothing
we're peers back in LA raised $16,000 I
want to thank everybody I want to thank
every everybody but now we're back at
the gym two days before Dubai this guy's
freaking out why are you freaking out
bro I think I'm fine man
I'm pro like I'm gonna popular holy shit
it's bright guess where guys went to the
Hollywood sign right now I don't know if
I can be even be close so close here Bob
we're gonna do the interview since I got
the footage from the police station and
I can talk about it you can hear me yeah
well I'm talking to them miss kitty we
got Tony on the camera you got the
tripod so I'm gonna commentate on this
video and hopefully get it up if you're
watching this actually if you're
watching this vlog it's up right now so
yes if you're watching this gamma main
channel see the raw footage holla climb
that fucking beat that thing is bigger
than mine dingos honestly only fee knew
how hard it was to climb this thing how
steep this thing is this is insane but
we did it we did it Sony whoo all right
guys so we just got back from the
Hollywood footage and it was really good
but Tony on the other note or his
parents what's up Tony tell me what's
going on what's up my parents you know
they live in Texas and they know how
Justin I love you you're Mexican I'm a
Russian and then we drink and I love
tequila and you will vodka that's it so
my parents were Mexico so what happened
and they found it super super nice
fanciful tequila oh we should open it
when we do our movie no but this is a
special day and the note anybody holy
shit that looks epic away but it
shouldn't be a typical Friday night
opening I should really open this in a
special moment yeah probably when we
release our movie oh my god yeah I wrote
on good Charlie bull for oh it's a bull
I thought it was a part of the design
she wrote it yeah it's me with a bull
it's this is the bull this is me and it
says Vitaly bullfighter this is dope
it's only
this is only in my cutter every parent's
watching this vlog I just want to say
thank you
anything's your mom wrote my mom no
thanks mommy not publicly let me read
you well let me read it publicly maybe
it's Linda maybe it's something cool
maybe something cold stop being out with
my sauce November 11 2016 high detail I
hope you're doing well your stop with
the bullet you recovering the core link
Craig and I were in Mexico I understand
you like to drink tequila recognize any
a bottle tequila for Mexico's best
tequila's it is found a it is not found
anywhere in u.s. because it's not
exported they want to keep some of their
best tequila's at home to attract
tourists to come visit Mexico
Craig personalized the bottle for you or
hope you will like it enjoy your bottle
opposed to your health want to kill it -
tequila three tequila floor in their low
Courtney I love you I love you mom this
is Veronica and Craig thank you guys
thank you for watching this this is
awesome I you're not gonna open this
bottle isn't he's in Folsom probably
probably soon soon soon soon soon soon
there's gonna be a lot more stunts
coming up so there's gonna be a lot of
more tequila sentencing I guess so this
law came to an end thank you so much for
watching we raised $15,000 we did thank
you to steve aoki his crew thank you to
Sammi Sammi IBM to to raise 15k I want
to thank to all the viewers and if
you're watching this thing you made it
to and then please give it a thumbs up
and also the main Channel video is now
up how I climbed the Hollywood Stein
step first step go check it out and
Dubai Dubai you will see when I'm there
I'm just gonna appear in the wild Dubai
and you guys know the bad logs are
always lit so thank you and I'll see you
guys next time
Leslie died
