what's on villains thank you for coming
back to watch another vlog today I'm
starting this vlog like this a lot of
people said not a lot of people I saw
some comments saying Batali gave up on
his 60 day transformation well I don't
have enough calories a day but this can
only I don't know how many easy scared
cake but this is tomato soup with two
sides of mashed potatoes it's all I eat
I'm gonna give these guys look at these
guys see what I mean
see what I mean it's good I mean our
team you know yeah
about to smell they're working at yeah I
just our meeting brought no pictures
then which I'm eating I'm just kidding
bro haha let's are you beside mrs. Babu
so I'm just blogging brought my loner by
myself see man just cuz I got 9 million
subscribers my friend look look at my
look my friend right here bro white
liquid bro liquid I kiddin
I know it sucks so some comments saying
that
over by the chin solution over I don't
want to be annoying everyday Indian tell
yo Gregg guru it's gonna calm the droves
broken I'm losing weight actually / I
don't know I mean I wish 210 pound Nam
198 I lost 12 pounds with a bull health
the Bulls like a bonus cherry on top a
little bit give up all I gotta do is
read anymore screw the transformation it
will broke my jaw
no excuses how badass will it be not
only get my job a little much
information that it can be my
transformation and be rich so hope you
guys are still sticking to it no matter
how hard life is right now just keep
going
my jaw is fine I can't look too happy
because the policy on vehicles I see
pretty hard yeah
we're hoping for work I would move them
out
you always work out the open-mouth bro
what's your
these are
ah
pre-workouts tingling that's the best
feeling I'm going to show you guys
something I don't know with my job but I
saw this guy doing it look five years
ago I did it the best exercise
Oh John can't
I gotta hurry
but that I think burns Oh
not ideal just a sport with a broken jaw
with a broken jaw ladies and gentlemen
Oh
doesn't know what he's doing it's not
doing anything it's doing nothing he's
doing nothing what do you mean I'm
fucking with you bro
this is playing it like a zero back
behind the camera talking to the
six-packs and it's telling what to do
okay McGregor haha are you practicing
are you practicing what the fuck man
so Chris she just came over joining our
workout looking good so you came over
what huh for me this time to check some
giving money away so as you guys know I
made a tweet I don't know how many know
some people like oh the chili did the
both of yous yeah definitely for views
because I fucking paid 15 I pay $15,000
to make the bull video happen so I'm
you're going to say stupid yep if he
thought about to break the draw what was
on adrenaline it was good I needed that
and I feel like it was a quality video I
knew it's not going to get tons of hits
because it's not really related but like
it's not like a prank or whatever it was
like more shocking video so for the
people who ever said that my comments go
fuck yourself but not for a 15 grand
yeah but it's a write-off beautiful
Texas and yeah you will know later why I
did it
I'll tell you a couple months from now
why I did that bull bigger maybe will
make sense
Hey look at this guy's
what's up guys not only that so Tony by
the way Tony be on the camera so we
actually are going let's catch up a
little bit we're actually going on
Tuesday to Steve Aoki's foundation brain
cancer foundation yeah I love it
so we're going to see about Yogi's brain
cancer foundation so basically I'm gonna
auction off a prank and see how much
people do a prank with before and all
the money is going to go to donations
give it a good called me out of nowhere
so that's gonna be really awesome
vinegar in Tony and then Tony no now
it's your turn dude what's up brother
you're going to Formula One and that old
side experience that's exciting or it's
not hitting you yet it hasn't you know
some of this what's up yo what's up guys
what's up
so Tony wrote a script in the week and a
half and then she sold the movie I'm
gonna be in another movie next early
next year we're gonna start filming it
we're gonna go in pre-production but
it's crazy out this guy's a savage wants
to be a director not a writer and he
just writes the movie and sells it like
this and puts this boy as a you know
this is what we get this is what we do
you know we metal tour and then we're
just started hanging out became best
friends and then I took him to the
meeting introduced into some people he
took me and I was homeless because
everybody thinks I'm homeless
nobody things you're fucking homeless
every one thing everyone thinks Tony is
just the camera like a little vlogger
like you're helping here and there no no
you guys should say but they're gonna
see in an upcoming from Frank so we're
gonna do a special shoes bro
you've been running a lot every day
you've been running we've been
exercising I love how I start I got rid
of some internship missions over they
don't really know that I lost so much
weight my mom oh I spend my mom
yesterday like three hours an ultra
singer but have your face your outer
outlets about my face they're so young
bro you look even younger now I don't
know but I'm talking about my stomach my
love handles damn that suit last night
locked me out I'm finally starting to
chew a little bit I can't eat meat I
just I've been just last night like four
whole eggs and I bite it with my like
kind of tongue whatever but I lost yeah
as I told you guys I lost what I lost 12
pounds I'm hoping it loose 20 by the
time of transformation in Dubai like I
said again be eating but uh right now
it's the next day by the way I finish
the vlog yesterday because I passed out
right now I'm actually gonna go and film
the rest of the Hollywood sign video
because I decided it's going to be
better if i commentate it over over my
official footage and hopefully get it up
tomorrow
get it up tomorrow then tomorrow steve
aoki I'm going to Vegas for the charity
event and there's a charity event come
back here do a little shopping for
clothes get ready
catch up on all my work and I'm out to
Dubai and of course in Dubai I'm gonna
be working bye that doesn't feel like
work doing vlogs it's awesome because
then I get to talk to you guys get to
watch for people like to actually
fucking care
well thank you guys I love you from
internet please get this log of big
thumbs up I love your thumbs up from you
guys and I'll see you guys tomorrow will
you actually see you tomorrow tomorrow
if you will rush you then
