what's up villains
what's up thank you guys for coming back
to watch another vlog I look so more
alive so I'm actually about to pull up
to the doctor's office I was hoping to
take on my lawyers today with my same
braces but I don't I'm gonna be able to
take them out today
fuck it's a pussy good
I could haven't stuck my tongue out yeah
I'm over it so I've been drinking my
smoothie it's a peanut butter jelly
smoothie that's only talking huh so just
you walking with the style
this dude's looking on the fucking shit
you look at me the way I walk on the
ship and shit yeah dawg check this out
wait that side to side I'm gonna wait to
fuck your bitch bitch look at that shit
you wanna fuck with me all you want to
work with me I'll just cruise work you
do the surgery over here post was Lord
yeah your broke it broke in here in here
alright this one is very high up it's
there's a lot of risk of nerve damage or
your face going that for that so I think
your bites going to be okay with just
the rubber bands what about the nerves I
don't have to worry about that anymore
okay yeah what am I see just open as
wide as you can
no no yes these lower bands are heavy
gauged a little me just flush it
it's like a it's like a little bit
learning how to talk again cuz I'm
scared to over talking and it's gonna
snap again but it's not just
guide your bike
you know
I was rude or spiritual as you open it's
going to guide your teeth to come back
together
you bite yep
so it's just gonna help guide them I was
a robbery no if it was what what am i
teacher here now okay cool so I got home
pest out super excited I finally got my
wires off but the doctor says you can't
eat Vitalik for another two weeks in you
have to go to overseas like that so you
telling me how to go for for overseas
and not and you telling me I have to go
overseas and not eat good food that's
going to be tough it's quality I mean I
could probably she's like no chewing
she's like we can still impressive each
other with you crusty as Tom hi guys
anything I'm gonna share this news for
you but you know how I said I'm gonna be
going somewhere away I can't hold it
anymore I'm gonna tell you but what I'm
gonna do there
I never been I never done that before so
have a mystery man okay guys I'll tell
you where I was known I was we're going
to Dubai oh yeah I know right
anyways I got a mystery man I'm not
gonna show you his face seems a mystery
man he's right here is uh he brought me
a bag you literally flew 16 hours right
now and to go back to no actually 16
hours 25 minutes so you banned by the
way out of the prints and the mystery
man is from Johnny you guys remember
Johnny in the vlogs the list the Kanye
West the Kanye West whatever you guys
used to call him and this is his boy so
he does want to be a mystery man she's
okay so what did she
so you put 16 hours just to drop this
inside some of the in some inside
something there surprise for me just to
fly back 16 hours 9 like 6:00 in the
morning
VVIP last night no I don't we're not
being sarcastic
I'm not be it's okay we've actually flew
here 16 and a half hours I'll fight some
oh come on don't make it make it slow
let him open it cuz you're a mystery now
I want to renew it face all right I'm
just gonna lecture a lot of rough I
should be ready for this this is crazy
no no yeah 3q1 what do you would
is it a bag of money no I don't want
money no money man no more what is it -
all right listen what is that no no all
access and no way way all access but
you're moving so fast
vivi VIP VIP VIP - a very backstage for
the concert saffle access full-bore open
it up wait wait wait wait wait what so
nice and slow you serious nice and slow
so the people can see it this is Formula
One in Abu Dhabi good hobby mm see now
people won't be able to see this and
what is it this is all all we got the
pit lane walkway meet all the drivers ok
pit bull is on this night ok ok then we
have LAN Richie on Friday ok we have
Rihanna on Sunday hello it's Rihanna
whoever dinner with Rihanna and the
concert because we're gonna have a
dinner behind on Saturday night are you
serious doing road so faux these vlogs
are about to be lit thank you for my jaw
being better I was complaining that I'm
not gonna eat no I got a scream holy
shit I'm just you know I'm not screaming
it's not hitting me I'm not even like
because it didn't stay me the tickets
I'm supposed to go to Dubai in six days
and then he sent me the ticket that's
like you guys are mine watch we're fluid
they just flew and they have the tickets
they're like them it was like why do you
need us / you know this is crazy
thank you guys I'm really good thank you
thank you thanks Johnny
cuz you be made to connect I know you're
watching this boy damn this is crazy I'm
going to the buy I love to buy been to
Abu Dhabi but I'm gonna go formula 1 and
people say formula 1 is lit this is
going to be a lifetime experience crazy
the river really is a final race of the
season
and Hamilton looks win so it's gonna be
crazy I'm gonna meet Hamilton and rush
on Friday night oh I'm gonna literally
try to make you guys 30 45 minute blocks
because I'm sure you would want to see
every step of the way I know you're
gonna want to see every step of the way
and I'm gonna give it to you guys that
but right now I think I'm gonna go see
marshmallow these are these boys
literally their flight is but their
flights back in a couple hours
they literally flying back tonight what
a great way I got my wire sticking off I
can talk now
and I'm going to Dubai do I say when I
think I'm yeah now I just in the next
ten days you'll see me in Dubai Dubai
I'm coming for you a bit tea
so I just got to this party under the
guy got a skateboard white got a
skateboard a party what are you done I
seriously don't know but this dude said
he has a ramp inside I'm trying to rip
it
oh my god oh she's lucky tonight so guys
this is the current day and this this
was couple days all these little clubs
that are filming I combined into one
vlog because right when I got my rubber
bands out I didn't feel good I still
sleeping I mean I was rubber bands my
wires out so I got the rubber bands like
two days later they pop so it's been
three days but uh I have one left
all of them pop I still can't eat for
another two weeks and I just want to say
thank you guys for your support or not I
don't upload it every day but people for
who come back and watch these logs and
enjoy them I really appreciate you guys
and also I'm super excited to take you
guys to Formula one Abu Dhabi Triple A
experience I'm just too excited I mean
it's crazy
I'm going there um and there's a lot of
fun I hope I'm gonna be able to eat how
can you go to overseas or especially
Middle East and now you kebab and just
ah
I'm going to eat now I think I'm going
to be able to eat I'm going on the 20th
November 20th so November 20 I'm flying
up to Dubai I'm probably gonna do a
meet-up yeah I'm going to meet up last
time I charge for the Meetup and I
should've done that so I think I'm gonna
do a meet-up I'm gonna do a meet-up on
the beach I'm just you know tweeted here
this is where I'm gonna be
come out and support so thank you guys
thank you thank you thank you I love you
ah thanks and yeah this is crazy
eight days later after surgery I'm
already talking going out people think
I'm crazy I am crazy you only live once
right please thumbs up this vlog if
you're excited for formula1 blogs and
i'll see you guys tomorrow hopefully not
thing stuff this is i oh oh no I feel
like this is a beginning of a corner or
new
