what the hell thank you for coming back
to watch another vlog all jokes aside
nations fucking socks this shit sucks
it's getting so frustrating I feel I can
breathe and getting whatever Custer
phobic whatever you call it and if you
wondering why I have involved because I
haven't been anxious I know that's what
was fun and stuff but we're just working
it sucks all of been doing this for two
days speaking I'm about to cut these off
this shit hurts so bad not even 100
o'clock it just hurts the medication is
not working anymore and not my chart
just my goal because the work the
wording is so tight around the gong so
anyways I gotta head out right now oh my
god what's happening again yeah Bert I
love this oh my god what's your name
Olivia a little bit uh Woody's I think
you should probably sit down
oh really not I'm not ready for this
agenda good what is going on I just
think I just saw a nurse so there dude
lay down
well what are you from who sent you here
who's that you here I thought you called
me but in Kalia
no it's one of those it's okay I know
like memory loss is part of the whole
thing
but you definitely where did you bring
you it there
mm not quite sure why you're wearing
that hat though
do you know sailor huh this for good
before I didn't think this was a sailor
and today mm-hmm
where'd you get those titties done well
I would show you but the last time I did
this for YouTube they gave you a strike
so those for YouTube you're gonna if
you're sure she'll sit she's like you
guys gonna okay if she shows her boobs
you we're gonna get a strike again the
chin the translation of that one if we
show my titties again future's gonna
give a strike and we want to stay on
there or but I'm stuck I'm trying to get
better I'm trying to make videos for
them
shut the can yield over it that's just
so quiet you still care about everybody
else make videos but you seem relaxed
let me do my job I have other things to
do
would you didn't I didn't call you
ordinal YouTube guys I don't know what's
going on he's been sleeping more for
treat all right my more for through the
bush what am i oh can you sit only fizz
I don't know I might get a long turn you
know I came here with them
it doesn't seem that you got enough
likes on that one video that you post
that you really thought was well let's
check somewhere else I'm gonna only been
drinking off mountains to do hearing is
all these haters they're sane quit
jerking off and post better shit what's
up Bing Devils are trying to hold me
down I can't do this anymore what are
you well why did you really come here
you just you just try to you're ruining
everything I heard some I don't fuck
alone wait good or even a real nurse
your tilth ought to be a nurse look at
you I don't know I'm not like this oh no
oh no I feel like this is a beginning of
a porno or no or an idea no no I just
wanna wake up from this scary dream but
it's not a dream the music its touchable
its touchable you're real
I brought some stuff for you I don't
know what's been happening guys I
haven't been really loving much because
my my jaw hurts and I feel like I can't
breathe
she's in my house key you have to go I'm
sorry but she brought me here what do
you call your know what's happening
Katya are you what are you I don't know
winner boo you know taking care of me
you just sing on my coach line what
about your teeth though well it make me
comfortable done can I use them as a
pillow what's going on let's go y'all to
leave I'm sorry I'm sorry you're really
rude for being nervous for a nurse for a
private nurse you're really rude yes I
do want you do you I'm sorry I'm not
doing anything yeah I just thought the
took the medicine I was expecting sorry
mmm
so girls do it another time I jarred
fork oh come on what is going on this
can't be real didn't use you for can you
just save my life
can you hold instead of just laying
around here is your real cutter work you
come back into my house I take care of
you what's one of converting can be fine
I just want to come up to normal what I
know this is real life Ingham you're
annoying me
snaps three times in the movie let's see
what happens
I'm still not getting a blowjob this is
the spiritism
I just got to get to another place guys
the nurse is supposed to do this let me
know what the wooden nurse is supposed
to do nurses there yeah that's what I've
been hearing nurses are here to take
care of me to government but then I take
care of him
am I just solution hearing the wrong way
I'm thinking everything such a fucking
weirdo I don't fucking know what's going
on to really do it good oh fuck you're
back here I told him not to let you up
you're such a fucking weirdo war you
what are you doing why are you playing
with them
are you a gold digger minions for more
questioning your gold digger
obviously me ah because I would be going
to guys with real Lamborghinis not well
you still didn't answer who fucking told
you here what I did wanted to call you
know Borges earth to me
so do we know each other
how do we even know each other for the
end all right all jokes aside you've
been here for way too long you're you're
not you're not putting out you're just
fucking being brewed you're sitting on
my computer I think you should go what
are you concerned a balloon what did the
common thing could eat fucking why are
we talking about good those two thousand
of dollars two thousand eleven what do
you have to bring the chair up no that's
not nice what is it
come with me are you serious I need to
get one of these well lucky for you I
hear why do you I let everybody know
what's yours good ciose
Oh flowers were being into you hmm sorry
see I was here to help you oh good poems
have you learned
hang on don't worry I just got this all
on video so buddy knows well let's find
out I'm about to take it right now
what's up guys
we've been sleeping a lot I've been
having a lot of nightmares
so she nightmares no it's just weird
nightmares creepy nightmares and uh I
can't wait to get these things off I
really can Bri is getting to the point
where I don't know but I have a doctor
appointment tomorrow or you guys are
gonna come with me I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog if you made it to an
end please give it a big thumbs up maybe
I'll make more vlog for this for you
guys it's fun and interesting sexy
boy it's been tall guys I'm hanging in
there
I've been working on a Hollywood sign
video their own when uploading main
channel and I can't wait to take this
off so I can get some videos for you
guys don't have so many good ideas thank
you guys thank you for everything thank
you thank you thank you thank you for
watching thanks for sticking with me
I've been dieting really good actually
been juiced I wanted to sue died
so I'm buttered to the general not
supposed to learn how to do jump and
yeah thank you guys for everything I'll
see you guys tomorrow
