what's up villains and that's right I
started the blog right here just might
as well skip all the bullshit without
Christian Christians helping me with all
the gear are you ready
Kirk flew in what's up brother are you
walking for the big gang oh you are you
ready for the big day I'm ready man
you're doing the take my mom I got these
guys
Tony's bodies us up they're gonna help
me film you can help me shoot the
production we got a still photographer
with it with top we're all you're gonna
take some cool action photos I can't
wait look at this it's official you
don't have the camera over your neck you
get you got that you got the suitcases
what's up are you ready yes I guess this
is the this is who's gonna save my life
today
right I got out yeah what's up nice oh
yeah he's hard to breathe you see that
nice when we checking it out last time
from far away it looked small that thing
that thing is gonna toss me like a
dressing bro yeah thank you get a if I
honestly if I could take it if I could
take everything back that I said and all
my posts I think I would that thing is
gonna leave me mashed potatoes that
thing is gonna fucking fuck me harder
that thing is gonna whip me like all my
mom's life beatings into one that thing
is gonna fucking destroyed that thing I
just want to go home I went home I don't
want to sleep in emergency was the
stupidest thing I've ever done in my
life or will do abso-fucking-lutely but
you know why they all matters that have
close friends around cameras this is
action with my adrenaline but the hook I
can be able to save to my kids one day
wrestle the bull you know and I'm gonna
probably my mom is like yo my mom is
like I will give you a pepper sprayed
you start Pepper Snapple comes eating
but I'll be like this I'll be with this
one and I'll be like you know what you
look a little weak I'll take
my hand but yeah that's crazy
I so I'm gonna get a mild fish should an
intro for the main channel I guess I
just don't look at a bull just unleash
the unleash the Chihuahua when it's time
because that thing is probably going to
be running for me let's take this first
where you want to think like no no no oh
it's over here
can you hear me right now you need to
put the headphones on how about yeah I
brought them how are they are now I
probably just wreck around around here
so yeah yeah out over the microphone let
me turn this off for now this is nice
well I don't we better remember they say
the gloves they say the difference is
one of them comes at you and will keep
coming it is more aggressive and gives a
medium to heavy hit the black and white
one comes at you hard but really with a
lot more force so here - and then boom I
don't one the black the black one the
black one looks like he's just gonna
keep gone and go like you guys a lot of
energy he's y'all the black one the
black and white looks like he doesn't
know what you the bus I don't know do
you want it on your neck oh yeah sure
just kind of like a gonna be messy
another purple is that doesn't match
well what's he put the darker color
so I guess it's a myth they said that
Bulls attracted to red it's not it's not
really a thing oh look official yeah
what's up guys today I'm going to the
ring with a bull that's right a fucking
bull I'm finally meeting somebody with
bigger balls than me thank you
no I'm not gonna let you do it to tally
let's go home please just please today's
challenges I got 10 pumpkins around the
ring for every pumpkin that I collect I
will donate $200 to Breast Cancer
Awareness Month will I survive let's
find out
it's just a pool no you cannot what if
he takes a medium hey if he takes a
medium hit and still wants to go again
does the bull have that in him to go
yeah yeah no kyani okay boys so it's
pretty much whenever our guy whenever
he's done say she don't yes done yeah a
good minute or two
yeah horrible we were he'll go there
right and then so if he as long as he
says you know he says no mas yeah that's
it yeah and whooping this game comes out
there cool yup no yeah if the Bulls
stayed at a corner whatever he could
smell it go out yeah and if a bull don't
come I could bring the booty guy yeah
and like the challenge is for him to get
these pumpkins in here so only a few of
them fit in that basket so you know
maybe the bull comes at him when he's
starting to pick the pumpkins and then
if he doesn't you know mess of a second
you can unload a bushel of them we keep
going and you're going back
probably be good if we can get like a
good little kind of past that might not
really slam him and then get another
good one here or if he says okay it's
good to blow yeah yeah we'll make it
work yeah yeah we'll bring the ball to
him but it was like it will come to him
by perfect Anya all right hey guys you
want to be in the vlog right here this
is my live streamers right now Kirk is
where we got the box look I got it sent
from a fan look at this villain so my
phone doesn't die that's awesome dude
that bullet looks crazy this bull looks
absolutely look at this bull look at the
size of this bull he's gonna mess me up
oh wow this boy's name show the viewers
what's up yo Wow dude I'm afraid to even
be this close man come on over oh my are
you dude I don't okay I'm standing back
she's gonna go right through that gay
dude if you really wanted to yeah you
take it again real quick for the no
regulation on the car and I'm always
yeah one more is amazing that was the
craziest thing I've ever witnessed so
broken jaw yeah you gotta go bro you got
to go go hi guys I'm still gonna donate
$200 favorite pumpkin what's the thing
you're gonna have like shit and I can
say at least a Brooke rejoice stupid
give this video a big thumbs up and I'll
see you next time
that's just so misplaced all right you
got to go bro you got to go you got to
go please thanks okay good let's just
get you out here
my brother is a warrior a warrior I'll
be right with you hi a bull oh what a
bore the forwardable what happened he
was he went into the ring with a bull no
I'm just going to let you know once we
enter the room okay okay sorry about
that
all right so yeah looks like a broken
jaw fractured arm you know maybe my day
at stiva texted me steel see what said
two big gnarly it says it's tough to be
gnarly you're Christian can you read
them
let's do text via
I'm not kidding all right guys this is
from Steve Hill himself you were the
real deal in Cali going back for a
second and third attack fuck man you're
gnarly my hat is on Drogo cooler it's
not easy being gnarly lots of love to
you and your mom was tough to watch her
reaction was also amazing footage I come
from sewer I made I'm honestly good I
said market was complete and I get to
get real fit
now you're gonna lose a lot of weight
I guess this moto visa shape Jesus
everybody stood more courting you on
social media everyone
I'm still donating to grants and breast
cancer wonder stuff there got my drop
London
he never say yeah I did I feel good give
us any issues off no he's talking you
see he got a shot and now he's like
that's what you like he came for the
free drugs it's a break you're right
it's a prank how you filthy little gala
is your mother or it is this old fool
colorful yeah it shows you can take your
mushrooms with you what kind of
mushrooms get you ever try mushrooms
where's we get what fuels where oh oh
you never told me that
and this you're prettier now bro
no you're perfect you're so handsome
almost even almost even almost even know
somehow yes you like no you just swallow
you hear this smaller much as oh man
yeah maybe this bone the first thing you
need I give you phone this is usually
what people need right after surgery
sign of the times and now you can go
home mom I'm just waiting
Madeline translating all right Sasha so
this is for Vitaly it from me and Tony
they got him a present and balloons
what was that what'd you say I thought
it's a bull yeah there's for being crazy
hmm
I don't know no but it is something read
it out I do oh oh
guys and forget apples come on it should
bring human Apple because you too
Oh doesn't on the other side your mom's
got jokes your mom's good jokes that's
perfect
now you can sing it forever we got him -
doesn't need a hey yo his life bun it
was been an hour after sir okay good and
then oh you didn't get the best part you
over and help me Amazon what today but
it will come in yet so I'm gonna have my
share of abuse a minute my fault is it I
bet there's a hot chick
but being crazy bro thank you thank you
for being you
Beulah mmm what the shower lay lay down
like that on both will each place of
rose on me I think you're proposing I'd
say you're gonna marry me and we got you
some sweatpants so you can be
comfortable while you're recovering they
should be pretty sauces
oh my some night nothing I bear was
naked I thought it was bacon you weren't
I cared if he was
oh yeah we on the table when I got hit
by a car the worst thing not being able
to walk you walk around oh yeah
can't talk does don't play with the
stuff bro I already see you trying to
just had surgery
brother this everything's fucked up more
so that you can bros this is holy fuck
Jenny the date terms plenty but my mom
and social it's nice this is crazy
never in my life throat ankle breaker
fuckin jaw and two places secured to the
Sun stupid stupid
what buckle is complete stay positive
with a small you read me please wait
sounded mainland I'm 90% sure
ladies ladies ladies in my car you know
how can comfortable slutty nurse and
confident I can understood us move move
it's a translation cook through the
divinity English okay guys so it's how
he's trying to say ladies ladies ladies
every girl in the LA area
hit him up in the DM naughty nurse needs
a naughty good yeah
ladies ladies ladies if you want to do
each other's nurse terrible idea okay he
listened to so she was something
applications right now he got 10 seconds
bow
okay guys in translation vitaly says
ladies they ladies like monkey booze
literally just earlier today alright
guys in translation ladies ladies ladies
HIPAA tally up in the DM he needs a sexy
nervous to come stable alright oh my
camera over how that work ready one two
BAM for lecture to try to go home
looking for these in the hospital to
salute
thank you so much must be that family
shut up hey do you know finally back
home thank you so much for watching this
is gonna get taken off in probably a
week or two I'm gonna look what do it I
can go to the drum but I think I might
the doctor said no Joe for two weeks but
I think I'm going to go ahead Claudia on
Boyd wait and just let me know what you
thought about it I know it was stupid I
know it was stupid I know it was
dangerous I know I don't have to do this
but my adrenaline told me to do it but
maybe later or later in life also avoid
did that but my book is less complete
please give this load of victims
obviously supporting or it would mean a
lot
you smash the thumbs up button and let
me know if issues log if you're a little
bit it doesn't hurt to talk I just don't
look crazy but if it's not annoying to
you maybe I can vlog and make some fun
vlogs but I'm also planning to build a
video for my main channel for to pick up
girls with the broken drawers what are
you guys thinking me comments below all
of you I miss you and I'll see you next
time the cydonia so we just done filming
a sketch and I'm just gonna cuddle now
with three bays with fucking her she's
all over my face
