once out villains welcome to another
vlog I don't know why I'm losing my
voice probably the Kanye West concert
how you guys doing I hope your days dude
absolutely fantastic actually had at the
police station to pick up my belongings
from the Hollywood sign arrest and I'm
gonna upload that after my bull song cuz
the bull son is going on the main
channel after the main after that video
I'm actually gonna upload the Hollywood
sign the official footage nothing use
footage that you see my footage I hope
they didn't delete it and they did it we
did don't be against the law they do it
in my footage but I'm in downtown right
now I don't know where I'm headed my
lawyer gave me this address so essential
right here it's a police station I don't
know super excited super nervous if
you're watching this vlog that means
it's happening tomorrow this was
recorded on Thursday that means I'm
floating on Friday which is today and
yeah Saturday 1:00 p.m. it's gonna be
crazy on the photo I read some comments
of you guys call me crazy how your
inspiration is led the bull I get a high
up adrenaline I get a high it's not for
the views it's a live stream I'm doing
it because of adrenaline because my
body's telling me to do you think the
nba's thing I did it was this no I'm
doing the adrenalin I'm an adrenaline
junkie I like to live outside the box
life is too short to live by the rules
that's how I look at life I told you
that myself stupid for some of you but
story I'm not a robot
I'm not trying to be like every other
person there yeah sure it's a stupid
idea yeah
but it's gonna be fun for sure that cop
saw something up probably this guy
giving another guy haircut this is this
is Skid Row guys by the way it's crazy
out here
this is where all downtown Los Angeles
home homeless people are no Olivia right
here on the streets I don't know if you
guys remember I did a video a long time
ago where I gave a thousand sandwiches
for Thanksgiving away right here and it
was a mayhem they were out of control
they're nice but they were kind of out
of control it's crazy
the cops patrol this area not stop she's
throwing rocks at the window to the
police station how fuck can you be on
drugs oh my god oh my god she keeps
coming back she's she gonna get arrest
she's trying to break the window oh
she's fucked she's fucked this stile by
the way hedges get out of here this is
not the place to pick oh my god no
holy shit chicken
did you just see the Rob Shuter I'm
scared I'm looking around my car I don't
want to get my shit head up well here we
go she's about to get arrested oh she
wants to get arrested she's asking to
get arrested that's what it is she's
like what the fuck is your problem
she literally putting her hands behind
the back
she's ready to go to jail Wow probably
loved one or somebody probably her
girlfriend or something
the funny part is the funny part is that
we want to arrest her
man people are crazy she doesn't take me
to jail
take me that's scary man anyways this is
not the place to pick up my stuff I'm
actually up there resting her of course
after took the camera off I'm actually
have to go to downtown jail and this is
going to be interesting flashback or do
their best or not or not don't even care
that's a hot police officer in there I'm
having a such a great smile on my face
why because I finally got my stuff back
my flag that says I'm back my gopro
another vlog camera so now is the real
questions you guys have to leave me in
the comments you want to see the
original footage to build up how I hiked
how I got to that Hollywood sign do you
guys want to see that let me know in the
comments below I think that's gonna be
my main channel video follow up because
I think it's a great I got a lot of
great footage with the GoPro and through
the SD card they did not delete the
footage about the GoPro I don't know but
I'm sure they didn't touch the main
channel I mean the blog camera they
didn't touch the gopro super stoked
about all those news no me
climbing the Hollywood sign finally got
my property back super excited thank God
what's up dude yeah thank you
saddle brazzers and I got these three
beautiful models yeah today we're doing
a scene on a
he's doing anal today this is a porn -
yeah
no I'm kidding so we're doing a sketch
no I'll invited me to do some sketch I
have no idea what it's about
but I guess they will see it on
Instagram what's your name my name is
Ashley you have to be shy for the camera
I know I wasn't gonna point that out
these squash show me how you squat those
are too fast you gotta be slow and sexy
what's your name
I mean you're a nice to me shit so we
out here shooting a sketch look at this
pizza you guys know I'm in a 60-day
transformation I can be eating this and
look at this but she's your mister you
missed Olympia at times three look at
that as though a that is that's a good
sex position by the way in the lobby oh
wow anyways they're basically food
diggers they literally just came over my
house out that I'm gonna have a foursome
and all they want to do is just eat eat
eat up kind of the stuff what should i
do should I slap her with the pizza your
are you okay there oh that's a nice one
she likes to pop so we just done filming
a sketch and I'm just gonna cuddle no
three bays with fucking her she's all
over my face where's your face well you
can't make it my other alone yeah you're
you guys are crazy
this was fun shit you're a trooper you
took home for the team she was like I
don't wanna mess up my makeup I gotta go
to a party oh you got a dedicated
dedicate yourself to videos she's good
she's great she's crazy I first walked
in she was calm down she's bending her
ass she's ready to take it off the pizza
man the pizza made her happy I'm sorry
hey hey you got the most props
you're my favorite yeah it does awesome
yeah so we're driving back from the
comedy show
and we just got it we just got hey I got
a photo shit oh nothing happened look at
that yeah nothing happen uh just get
them for just in case thank you with the
bumper absorbers they use like they're
meant to be like five ten or twelve but
you were getting a blowjob your new yeah
I fucking wish Jesus if you don't mind
give you your license I'm just gonna get
a chat no that's fine
no it's it I thought it was really bad
it was down my neck was a good tire and
I'm from Indiana and I it's three hours
later they're some you draining just
don't drink and drive you know I'm
totally sober decide yeah I'm complete
circle park
whoa my eyes look crazy in this light so
I just got home guys and I want to show
you a recap of my life stream last last
Saturday where I tried to grab this
guy's skateboard and I did grab it well
I asked him to skate it and I ran away
maybe for like 20 feet and he got so
pissed and angry
I don't let's see if it's in aa right
here this guy let me try a skateboard
she's gonna give me it let's get
skateboard like I gotta tell you man you
guys got a board sorry about all these
things by the way on the livestream you
can take them off look you gonna party
later bro he's like I'm from LA home I
don't fuck with me and usually the more
people talk on from LA homey and hold
this blah blah blah that means they
won't do anything if you guys doing
pranks out there or whatever and if a
guy talks a lot that means he's not
gonna do anything and if the guy is
silent then you should be scared so he's
saying I'm from Islay homey though you
don't do this shit fuck you gay your
call me a faggot and all these words and
I'm heated back with him you know I'm a
prankster but I think he throws his
drink at me I'm like this guy's
ridiculous the real gangster really
throws a drink I mean yeah okay I'm a
faggot yeah is your gay some like you
people talking later yeah you know he
comes back oh you believe it
how much anyway I just wanted you guys
I'm sorry that I'm just so hyped about
this bull thing most of you guys want to
see me and come out of it alive a lot of
you like hopefully get fucked up
you be the judge Saturday 1:00 p.m. so
if you're watching this it's tomorrow I
know uploaded the slug late but thank
you guys for your support I've been
having crazy days busy
and that's why I've been skipping vlogs
I truly feel horrible deep inside
believe it or not but I'm still on my
transformation thank you for everything
and let's find out what happens on
Saturday together please give this vlog
a big thumbs up and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
let's sit down this is the bull right
there that I'm gonna be probably going
against right there look at how all
they're looking calm should I just do it
now and get it over with
