what's up villains what's up thank you
for coming back today is going to be an
exciting vlog and today is nerve-racking
today's everything I'm here outside of
California where I'm gonna be going
Saturday against the bull that's right
I'm gonna be going right in there and
they're gonna make it they're gonna
corner off to a smaller because this is
huge
don't rodeo or day or whatever you call
this I'm super terrified super scared I
don't know what to expect but this is
gonna be insane and Jordans gonna be
helping me out who is uh who did our
movie he's right here what's up bro good
ah be ready for this ready what's up how
are you how are you great oh yeah
Halloween so he's dressed in a goofy
outfit probably be a devil's outfit and
we want him to have different stations
need to pick stuff up in it so
trick-or-treating obviously we're
thinking candy I don't know if that's
possible with the animals you tell me
but even if we have apples or anything
out there where he has to run from point
A to point B and C and D so what would
be the best way to do that is it going
to be fences like this can we hang seven
or bungee like this so if we took
buckets and like a bungee cord and hung
it from the edge and then potatoes run
to each station try things water both
chafing so it's gonna be fences like
this so if I like let's try to say run
away from the ball and climb the fence
yeah I was thinking it because I feel
like every bull thing I watched there's
like a wooden fence and then top I just
don't want to like be in the middle of
it and a bull stumps me and my legs
break into my knee breaks in half
because there's open space so I'll show
this once again Ramiro he's on board
okay so he'll be coming on Saturday but
from your experience so this is the
first that he's heard from you like how
how do you anticipate this to go down or
what's the best way to execute this so
we get well bull riled up but we have
him safe and say you have a
arena from here down golf cart over
there maybe a little bit
you're going to have to go to the bowl
go to the bowl
yeah I mean well I was thinking I'm
gonna be in the middle of it and then
you guys gonna unleash it right like
open up the thing just is going to storm
towards me I'm gonna be wearing red so
and I'm not gonna try I'm gonna try to
dodge it as much as I can but if I dodge
it too many times it's gonna get high
right or there's no way I'm in a dungeon
yeah well you can know it yeah
but the balls only gone last for so long
of course yeah no yeah I'm like oh yeah
I'm gonna I'm gonna let him hit me you
know if we'll just shake it out yeah
look you like oh shit and the small ones
with the big balls doesn't have any
horns anything and your paint yeah oh
yeah I think they're small smaller the
big balls doesn't have horns yeah if no
horns
yeah there's no orange I'll take as many
hits as again but don't warns one that
that's terrifying
so good are the horns the orange
impaling him aren't really concerned
with these right it's just that there's
another hard surface it's going to try
to hit him with right it's not gonna
stab through I'm gonna stand to you but
it's just another fun yeah okay it's
probably uncomfortable with the hits oh
yeah he is trying to ram me throw me
back this one's a huge no he was the one
doing it come on
it's so cute so yeah this is gonna
happen on Saturday it's gonna be
Christian come here anything yes how not
I mean I'm looking at these annals and
so he the Christian was actually testing
right now for the livestream on Saturday
if you guys don't want to miss this
even the haters are gonna love this
because the haters are gonna want to see
me get hurt
everyone's gonna win see how's the
connection is they good on your passado
far I'm not seeing I kind of freezing uh
oh you don't
that's the ramp guys but I'm super yeah
I'm super scared it's gonna be a lot of
fun on many of my friends and family I
think it's gonna be fun overall as
Saturday guys don't miss one p.m. I'm
going against the bull it's probably to
be a craziest livestream ever I don't
know ever I don't know what people did
in 99 12 1994 baby nothing but I don't
know we'll see I'm just I'm just looking
to get a really good flip program you
want to go around with the Apple yeah
and I'm trying I'm going to go around
and trying to get the apples and my
biggest concern is well not concern but
if I get like let's say though if the
bull knocks the wind out of me or go
unconscious like you guys gonna stop the
bull you guys gonna stop the book okay
that's you know I think I was just out
there you know just yell I'm done I'm
done all I'll run towards the fence and
if I run towards the fence and try start
climbing the fence that's when you know
I'm done yeah I know what somebody's
hurting that big body book from here so
yeah I know
none you've been right you're fighting
like riding bulls look you've been
riding it I want to do it but in the
rodeos one okay you stop em all yeah
yeah make myself
a better target for the ball to hear oh
you looking for okay yeah I use I used
are you scared yourself oh you know you
can you know do a movie - Oh see - these
are you scare the camera you're now yes
yeah should I should I be scared saves
me but don't get scared you will be able
to get away okay and I fight the bull
run stores means I'm about to get hit I
should relax right if I if I like chance
if the I fight ends up there is going to
be harder yeah yeah you should be that
kind of yeah we'll go with the head
exactly what happened and I'll step in
they're not pitiful a whisper
sounds good looking at YouTube yeah it's
a pretty car here it's a pretty hard hit
really uh it could happen you know I
think it a lot and out of this thousands
of times whereas in here I spoke it read
but you don't happen every time to hit
you yeah
you know a minute is like a football
player you know you play football you
get here hi every single place and you
don't break great you don't break you
know me yeah it sounds good
this is the bull right there that I'm
gonna be probably going against right
there look at how old they are looking
calm should I just do it now and get it
over with Wow
look at the site look they rate what is
every I look they licking their lips I
like you get in there you look up me and
they look he's gonna be in the arena
with the hotel yeah but look how many of
them like like if it's a one ball at
least I'll like you know these ones
they're all right at the same time
excretions going I'm going
capelin easy right it right it back home
to LA
there's really kind of reven that it's
just yeah like start running everywhere
yeah we can get pretty cool hi guys what
do you think about this ball I think I'm
gonna take this one I had an option to
dig it into you I don't like the horns I
did you say they're not attacking us
right now because if you'll save their
altogether okay but red does really
trigger them what if we over read right
now not just that is just the same
uh-huh this is absolutely insane
I think the bomb I think I'm gonna take
the black bull I think I'm gonna take
the black one because the horns are to
the side I can take many more that one
is just visually I was thinking like oh
the horns are going to stab me I have to
run away though the black one I want to
get scared unless I'm like get hit so
hard weights I'm not gonna be able to
breathe you know I want to take at least
four or five hits the black one black
one looks pretty sweet yeah and it looks
fast it looks young and fast I'm gonna
order it like yeah so why don't we prep
either way I think we're prepping tables
just in case so that I mean so why don't
we read one in the black yeah and if the
black one doesn't do any damage to me
you should probably win yeah well yeah
well yeah I like that let's just start
with the black one and if when I get
nothing out of it we'll go the biggest
one the black one looks like a bad lot
of that she's already staring me down
and I think this is we're gonna switch
the locations and we're gonna do this I
think this is no not bad how many apples
you think about putting it 30 Oh
maybe how many do you think you can get
I was thinking less no I won't even get
there what you guys probably released a
bull from here so yeah this is probably
gonna be one of the stupidest thing I've
ever done in my life super terrified
super scared so I'm gonna get through
Bulls I'm gonna get that bull black and
white one and I'm gonna get the black
one the black one they said younger
faster great impact I'm gonna do this
one's gonna be slower but the impact is
going to be how strong so I think I'm
taking the black bull getting scary
I don't want to break anything man I
don't want to really don't want to break
anything for you guys is going to be so
entertaining to watch to grab popcorn
sit at home and watch me get tossed
around this is going to be scary and I'm
super nervous he's going to be a lot of
fun I'm gonna do this with his beautiful
view in the background ooh boy
just got home about to sign this board
for the winner of the giveaway on the
livestream for last week and look what I
got I got my lean meals and damn son for
the whole week got some meals staying in
shape getting crazy results and actually
if I survive the bull this Saturday I'm
gonna be going away in November first
not going to tell you what it is it's
going to be somewhere crazy I've never
been before you guys probably not going
to expect me to go there or just never
would imagine I would never imagine my
life that I would go there but I'm gonna
go there if I survive the bull knock
knock on wood hopefully I don't break
anything super excited super nervous as
they said multiple times it's
nerve-racking on the way down back to my
house I wanted to throw up because we're
like couple days away so make sure you
don't miss it
Saturday add me on biga it's gonna be
insane and terrifying terrifying oh damn
these door nice giveaway happening
what's up dude doesn't look like a
workout this looks like you're the
security guard Lucy no I'm dead serious
okay here look on the chart yeah
excuse me do you know where the st.
Pablo Torres the entrance but not be
we're gonna be like gentle in this way
let me see it let me see the back of it
oh I thought I'm sorry sir I thought you
worked here sorry general mission bro
people look out here didn't mean what's
up bro that's you I know you I know you
I know you - I know you - that's Sally
that's the guy to catch last week that's
a guy nice guy Thanks I feel bad Stav
this is dope I really appreciate this
it's you bro this is nice didn't nobody
get tickets it's not his phone I just
walked in what are you saying
yes
this beer
to us
yep that's right it's the current day
guys and if you're watching this that
means the film is like maybe 20 minutes
ago so whatever you're doing yep right
now I'm on the couch I'm about to go to
the gym and I just want to say thank you
guys so much for watching this vlog
thank you thank you thank you for all
your support this Saturday tune in all
the directions are in the description
don't miss it 1 p.m. your boys about to
get rekt rekt rekt and thank you for all
my supporters thank you for my fans
thank you for my villains smash the
thumbs up button if you guys are ready
for Saturday thank you so much
don't miss it I love you transformation
didn't stop one stop getting crazy
results I hope you do too I love you
thank you so much and I'll see you
tomorrow
let's see dining she's like you look
she's like you look like my future
