what up villains welcome to another vlog
and you're probably wondering Italian
why the quality so good Vitaly why does
this sound so good
well I got a brand new vlog camera about
time because the other one got destroyed
in a sandstorm in Egypt so I had to use
the Canon I mean the DSLR so right now
I'm on my way to make a visa at
Bulgarian embassy because as you already
know Russian passports almost everywhere
around the world so we are headed there
right now and I'm leaving in about two
weeks and tomorrow is going to be an
exciting day because I'm getting my
skydiving license that's right tomorrow
I'm going to be jumping from the plane
by myself not attached to everybody
scary as shit but you only live once and
another thing I have to tell you guys
later in the vlog jump cut Academy the
program that I partnered up with simple
pick up clung and Jesse we're launching
April 15 and the people that already
signed up before for it are actually
successful youtubers so today I'm going
to review some videos and show you guys
how from zero subscribers because of
this program these guys are making Bank
on YouTube just apply for my visa and I
should have it ready in two or three
days and also want to tell you a lot of
people then asking me where but there
you go on Vitaly I'm going to Sofia
Bulgaria this is my first car wash in
about I don't know six months ya know
pretty horrible plop my lease is about
to be up that's right at least this car
because if you buy a car what's the
point you're going to lose a lot of
value on it so what car should at least
next I'm thinking about a Bentley coupe
I feel like a lot of youtubers are
getting new cars right now what's going
on YouTube what's going on I know I know
I'm looking at myself I'm trying to
figure out this quality what you guys
think about this bulk camera good yeah
and also also leave your comments below
what
but seriously though no bragging where
should I get oh maybe a little bagging
the cool sign bro
yo what up what up what up what's up
except Ally I fuckin love this guy he
inspired the shit outta me there was a
moment where he went to jail to do
pranks and that was his passion
I love how I just came up to you and I
was coming but you're speaking to the
camera like I told you to say this and I
did not yes tell me
all right so when de chelly went to jail
what happened is that he was doing his
passion and when he did his passion he
did not care about the consequences and
when that happened I actually went to
the school system to kind of change the
education system and it through that
process of trying to make youtube videos
there I went to jail also but I knew one
guy like Vitaly when I saw him when I
when I saw him like in his YouTube
videos I was like oh shoot like when
that happened there was something that
correct there was something that like
really resonated with me as a person
when that event happened and it kind of
helped me book like how to boost my
self-esteem it made me realize that that
what I did was not something that I did
wrong because when you're in there you
almost feel like society and telling you
that you're doing something wrong but
you're not you're doing your passion
you're doing something that truly that
you truly embody and that you truly love
well your channel and what's your
channel I'll put the link in description
telling the channel virgin debut virgin
debut I'm going to give me a link I'm
going to put a description make sure you
guys check it out oh if the villains
love it they'll subscribe thank you guys
and did you hear anything about jump cut
Academy I've heard of it my friend has
been telling me about it he actually
took a bootcamp with simple pickup yeah
no he's it is any progress I think so I
gotta ask him to ask him yeah I'm going
to talk about this channel that has
40,000 subscribers right now
he just started she signed up and he
just started to do jump cut Academy just
40,000 subscribers and they teaches them
how to do everything like so I'm going
to talk about it a little but respect I
just want to say a look is making up to
me the other night when I'm coming home
late at night and he told me about it
and I always use rim jobs
here's your funny well I forgive of it
like alright guys so some of you
probably clicked this video because of
the title how to be a millionaire in
YouTube yes and it's not a click big
title why let's talk about it why I've
been doing YouTube for about five years
now four years and I got nine million
subscribers and how did I get nine
million subscribers hard work ripping
hair out of my head and a lot of jail
time not telling you guys need jail time
to become a millionaire on YouTube but
what I'm saying is I partner up a long
time ago I don't know if you guys know
jump cut Academy with Kong and Jesse
from simple pick up teaching people with
zero subscribers with zero believe in
themselves how to become successful
youtubers era production he caught my
eye great content here's some of the
clips no let's get real you don't have a
date for Valentine's Day you're
wondering well everybody else around you
has a date but for some reason you're
all alone maybe because you're kind of
shy maybe because you're sitting on
Valentine's they hug it to a camera
maybe it's because you look like if zach
lavine and clay Thompson had a baby who
ended up with severe acne
maybe it's because you're actually gay
and just don't realize that these are
just a few of the very common reasons
why people might be singled out signs
day luckily for me I don't have any of
these problems none of you describe be
I'm actually perfect in every single way
and in fact nice to have a date and
about on the watch why does he have
40,000 subscribers the way he edits his
videos confidence consistency is the
main key I want you guys to check out
era productions because he's been
working extremely hard and I love his
work it's phenomenal it's good and once
again she's consistent and basically the
course is going to teach you how to blow
up yes and I know some of you guys like
all never gonna have subscribers on
YouTube do you know that in four months
when I started YouTube I had 63
subscribers literally sixty-three
subscribers I know I talked in previous
vlogs about that and I gave up and then
I started again so now this is basically
jump cut Academy it's a jump cut
shortcuts we teach you everything it's a
long course you're more than welcome to
try guys I'm going to be posting more
videos of the students and jump cut
Academy and the successful people it's
basically a community you guys get to
talk to each other you take advice as
you go and you film it you come back
give your feedback it's like Facebook
for youtubers so yeah error productions
congratulations I love your content good
stuff I'm going to be promoting more
links I'm going to be recommending more
amazing channels from jump-cut Academy
and all the students have been working
extremely hard so stay tuned maybe I'll
pick your channel maybe some of you
already signed up actually forgot to
tell you guys the first time we launched
I had thousand villains sign up so
that's a good start and when I had
meetups for jump-cut Academy they gave
me good reviews that it's helped them so
if you don't want to try it try it on
your own I'm not saying you guys going
to fail on your own but it's definitely
a big jump cut stay tuned I will be
shouting out more channels from jump cut
Academy oh my god look at the skyline
look at that yo is that what the base
jumpers jump is that the building which
one this is the princess tower and they
jumped from 1200 feet what you can do so
with that wingsuit depending on the size
of the wingsuit they have different
performance so the bigger the suit the
longer it can fly so I can jump over
those buildings there all the way at the
end and fly my body with that wingsuit
all the way to that white building there
that's crazy
a range that could go anything from 150
kilometers an hour to 300 kilometers an
hour depending on how you fly it and the
performance that you get out of that
suit depending on the size dude I can't
wait to get my skydiving license we're
going to jump together
flying with you you know how I said guys
believing your dreams believe in your
dreams you guys look like now I'm
talking about it and I want to rewind
this vlog and we'll be jumping with this
man right here so in development I have
that system so I have earphones here
like big earphones that big and I have
that mic and how's a connection order a
bluetooth so we connect all of the
things no but is it a queer it's like it
has no translation system so we all talk
to each other saying go left go right
joint information leave the formation go
up down whatever it almost always always
talking to each other in the middle
there just like an f-16 pilot I become
the plane and I pilot my own body just
as a place alright so I'm about to go in
but I didn't get my skydiving like India
and he says I don't know how you ask the
manager you can jump no you literally
give you a very short
okay you even have to wear this next
okay so and get to play press l knee of
the pilot down you could jump please I
hope jump with the bracele pranking
Vitaly is just the brain bro so I should
think I shouldn't
what would have really happened if I
literally just you jump and I ran behind
you and just just ran just jump right
now with your excuse you're gonna die
okay so here's your experience okay
whatever the plane is falling this is
just in case to survive just in case to
survive by wingsuit che ready bro I'm
ready are you ready you ready to use
that thing on your back yeah I'm gonna
jump here crazy how you don't I never
been to school and or anything and I'm
gonna jump what do my first jumps
because there's a vice just on I so I
jump
alright I'll be safe right maybe
you
you
give it up for shady ladies and
gentlemen I cannot wait to get my
skydiving license tomorrow tomorrow into
the school and I'm super stoked make
sure you come back tomorrow to find out
exactly what happened I'm super scared
but not really scared because I'm
creating my own fear fear just an
imaginary thing that we all overcome
well some of us who is a I guess
fearless or whatever I don't know what
I'm saying but make sure to come back
tomorrow please give this lug a big
thumbs up if you watch it too and then
thank you so much for watching and that
was my last day in Dubai I really
enjoyed it can't wait I probably get
back for Formula One but anyways long
story short I'm getting my license
tomorrow but it's that time of the life
so know what I'm saying I'll see you
guys tomorrow at the Sudan yeah love you
you
