what are villains welcome to another
vlog thank you for coming back whoo so
today's kind of interesting I have a
chole in my house we actually go to the
Halloween party it's that time of the
year again and in LA usually Halloween
you know they celebrating a Halloween
the whole week so I'm gonna be a rich
douchebag I got only shot I got all
these chains
so that's your gave me an idea I'm gonna
wear this Versace shirt red underwear
dress bands and I'm gonna wear these
Louboutin shoes I'm gonna wear Louboutin
glasses and I wish I had Lamborghini
keys earrings that would have complete
the outfit or a Ferrari like they would
hang the key chains working but uh-oh Oh
the punchline show huh people are gonna
ask me what's in the bag what's in this
Louboutin bag Vitaly I'm gonna fill up
with dollars it's not fully but I'm
gonna fill up all the way to the top and
I'm gonna walk in and I'm also have
these fake brick stacks of money
$100,000 I'm gonna put couple in there
on top and when the girls asked me
what's in the bag I'm gonna unzip I was
actually also planning to get some
dildos and some toys and some black
cocks and in there because last year no
2013 idea Halloween I dressed up as a
Russian hit man with a suitcase and toys
in there and people loved that the girls
the girls get wet Christian is on the
way over he just got a hot spot for my
live stream tomorrow so if you're
watching this already did the live
stream I'm doing the live stream
tomorrow and I'm doing in public I'm
doing pranks in public so I have to get
a what I have to do I have to test the
internet make sure I don't get
disconnected from you guys but next
Saturday is the big stunt and yeah so
don't miss oh I also want you guys to
comment below what are you going to be
for Halloween let me know in the
comments below
maybe I'll get inspired for the main
Halloween party and maybe get one of
your ideas tomorrow I think I'm going to
be an Arab I'm gonna wear my kandura my
little thingy had I don't know how to
say it I'm sorry and yeah so it's going
to be a exciting couple days but your
boys not drinking I'm gonna vlog the
party we're gonna have fun but your boys
not drinking hey babe
so happy here what a picture go away
this is a picture for you not for you
for my mom you robbed my house last week
you take my wallet
you wanna get my keys no what no keys no
me no keys I just women it what's up
guys someone's shoot so holla but I'm
gonna mess with some people and if
you're watching this vlog we already did
a livestream and it was pretty good
what's your thing bro just wha why while
you go hi I was sleeping with my sister
last week you like it huh this girl's
like I want nothing to do with this guy
oh that's a late but blood blood Terry
Riley kudos kindergarten wrong oh that's
funny man I'm fighting a real size bull
I'm going in a ring with a full bullet
yes you are yeah the budget yeah
I'm paying like around $15,000 to do
this and you guys better tune in because
she is gonna be crazy I'm literally
going in the ring with a freaking bull a
bull I'm gonna learn my life lesson not
to yell at my mom not to I'm not for not
uploading for two months for not
engaging with you guys as much as I
should of Michael year so this is going
to be a good hit I'm literally gonna get
hit so hard that my brain might change
forever
next Saturday 1:00 p.m. it's going to be
crazy tune in and yeah a real pole no
swinging around no nothing talking about
a real book
let me Alec ask you can ask a question
what's up so next Saturday I'm going on
the ring with a bull a full-size bull
dressed as a devil what do you think
what he things gonna happen my bad idea
bad idea good see the man said himself
thank you sorry you got don't decide and
don't die I hope not no way I can't what
do you do - for I'm just doing it for
the live stream connect with my fans and
stuff entertainment yeah I just I just
would love a what's his name I love
adrenaline I get high for that okay come
here
and securities come here I'm going to
the ring with a full-size bull you're
getting what fool I'm a little stand
with a bull Jethro's the Red Devil and
then the Bulls going to run towards me
no no no Rodya and I have to collect as
many apples as I can
it's my Halloween challenge if you're
gonna be in town I would love to watch
you see me get fucked up by the bull
would you come if I'm here yeah it's a
pure entertainment it's a bull but
anyways I haven't seen Jerome it so long
he just joined my livestream earlier
love isn't it I love you
with a hella happen to you bro you got
you got a little gear what's wrong with
that
nothing's wrong with that but it's like
kind of cool now you been shot before I
was getting are you gay
yeah joseline yeah we're gonna travel
the world alone ah
so me and Tony just stopped at the mall
Tony what do you need what do you need
at the mall Nydia flannel
I need a muscle shirt and then khaki
pants some Dickies some kind yes in
converse I need some Louboutin glasses
to complete my outfit and I was going to
get the glasses just for tonight but no
actually need long-term glasses too uh
and I'm gonna walk into Louboutin right
now and complete part of my outfit
Louboutin we were tongue all right let's
do this
and look at what calm dress gone to
little town they probably gonna ask me
for like five credit card
identifications I don't know these ones
are Diesel's which ones you think oh I'm
asking turn turn turn your head turn
your head no boy no no turn I know my
nose will soon be shoes my nose is too
big so why this way you can wear with
more stuff I like those those black ones
the black ones yeah they like Freddie
doe what about these ones
whatever the gray ones not Knotts really
thick no generic no that bright those
are the winners those right there oh
wait oh no those little ones no too
small no no not at all my name is Tony
Montana yeah no I like these bro
you're good me asking price for these so
these ones yeah this one's actually came
to first look no and now you more I try
no you had them you put them on your
nose right ah so yeah especially with
the muscles I'm gonna have at the end of
the transfer oh wait let me try let me
try
he said looks like of course you live it
looking like a horse's leg bro hi so we
just left the mall and we came to Target
and actually the guy gave me a glove I
asked him for a glove and I was like how
fun it would be powers that carrying
deadly Vuitton bag with a glove and it's
like one of those he got I got the idea
from Russian hitman where I was carrying
the briefcase with one glove and not now
he told me Tony why I'm gonna have the
gloves if people ask because I don't
want to I'm too good to touch anything I
love it shit oh we're gonna be
ridiculous I can't wait for this party
you guys know why this car has that on
the side of the wheels
what the hell is this not gonna show you
my outfit yeah fully but guess who's
here Megan's here what's up Megan and
she brought me a housewarming gift even
though I'm moving already
I'm just moving to another unit because
alright so what does this explain to
them well it's for warding off evil
things and people that want to cause you
harm or give you the evil eye so how
would I know if something if it breaks
off wipe doesn't break off that means
that you successfully awarded something
off that means this good thing if
somebody breaks off well yeah I guess
that means say hey everything's up there
a week means it good - it means like
nothing was trying to cause you harm so
if I try something trying to cause me
harm would you happen to race off I'll
protect you and then I'll break off and
then you need to get a new evil eye oh
sweet thank you so much well thanks but
them titties oh yes you're good buddy
now would you save the evil bitches
gonna come it will ward off all evil
bitches that's right exactly okay yeah
we went to the party and guess what
right when we showed up the cops pulled
up so I couldn't vlog anything but this
is my outfit right here I'm revealing it
but tomorrow's party I promise they'll
take you guys with me but what do you
guys think seriously I didn't I'm so
upset about the party that I'm just like
whatever I'm not in stop but she's more
serious you've got it and she's like you
look she's like you look like my future
Sasha what happened at the party it got
shut down the cops came and it was done
they stopped the music and everybody
upset I was so upset I was ready to turn
up your outfit though this little
golddigger I'm kidding but where'd you
do with the money you throw the money
out oh so I'm your future husband huh oh
yeah I look like this guy features a
limo
nice anyways we're just gonna play
around here ah
whatever happens in Batali's apartment
guest stays in Vitelli
armen huh I could wish I could blog more
but I just wanted to say thank you guys
for all your support thank you for
tuning in the live stream I know if
you're watching this is later but next I
know I talked a lot about him to slog
but next out of them we're going against
the bull I'm terrified completely my
best friend Kirk from Utah you guys know
Kirk's flying out I'm flying him out for
his birthday to watch this is gonna be a
complete massacre I hoped you guys gonna
enjoy it and my transformations been
doing good and I know I haven't uploaded
pranks in two months my bull the bull is
going to be my main channel video I
don't know I'm just trying to switch up
the content if I want if I go back to my
route you know I want to went back to my
roots like doing disturbing the peace
videos I train people with such a high
production videos we're like five GoPros
and everything that they're they're like
what the hell is this you're not putting
any effort in it but all the og villains
or my fans from disturbing the peace
days who remembers disturbing the peace
days we're just walked around and did
that when you got a new movie deal Sony
wrote a script think he just got a huge
budget for a movie so we're filming a
new moving January and yes things are
working out and I just wanted to thank
you guys for all your support
transformations still going and thank
you thank you
and Monday actually I'm getting my
footage finally from poor house for the
Hollywood sign so I'm going to be able
to upload that on the main channel from
my point of view angle if they didn't
delete any of the footage hopefully not
so thank you again thank you for coming
back please give this vlog a big thumbs
up if you made it to an end I love you
guys and I'll see you tomorrow
let's see Daniel
you
