just got to the gym for round two and
gets home with how much your favorite
chocolate Adrian look at you she showed
me how to properly lift she says it's
all about form the way you breathe so I
guess I was working out for six years
okay she's gonna just wants to show her
abs this looks light but this burns if
you do right all right now it's Batali's
turn what did you say what's the way the
kettlebell weight is distribute yeah I
get those knees all the way up up
they'll keep those knees together bring
them up
pass the wave but I was really mean in
the kitchen right
maybe I might do in this life
yes you're now
come on you got it you're not weak look
at those rip arms you do it dude for the
camera all right let me try it
I don't want you to eat fish I'm gonna
do that way all you have to do to up
like the other way
get back higher get closer to the wall
closer to see exactly yep
I'll look at you
Oh shits Krait I think the other ways
easier try to let me see
we can't let them sit you don't have abs
almost they're coming in yeah what you
been eatin Nutella no what do you mean
those been sitting at meals one meal who
that lean Mills has yeah good zombies
I'm gonna take like 1,400 calories a day
this love all right all right I show
what you got because I always do basic
exercises you're like
okay so next year we are going to go
into one army while your other arm is
going to do like single arm servers hey
Josh
your posture
yeah
good
how's that Phil it's burning it's like
wheezes rinsed well my left hand you
like to call that go make it more in the
center of your body not so far out yep
came here for two seconds and now you're
leaving Wow all right we're gonna do an
outside workout you got to show off the
squad they want to see how the squad do
you think in squad where's the booty the
district you know you don't have a
beavin squad
while she loves herself too much even
like together these kind of type this in
see what's really happening
because I know let me go from this side
Sadler
go about this angle but you gonna pop
out your butt after my workouts I like
to come to this place we're here alone
and think sometimes about my life and
where I went and how everything goes in
my life take it all this government's
very subtly I'm just kidding guys look
at this beautiful view look at that I
just stopped at my place not my place
but I want to eat I want to eat this
organic Mexican food and look at this
beautiful view this is a parking lot and
it's a golden hour right now it's
incredible
this is peaceful la so beautiful look at
that the camera can explain what I see
look at that damn you my extra calories
today just got ahold super tired working
out twice a day completely exhausted
every day's been kind of exhausting for
me I'm just keeping it real keeping it
out
I'm sorry burp ah my boyfriend he's
coming over it's gonna be my third time
going to the gym but this time I'm going
to the sauna I need to sweat out all the
bullshit in my life out of everything
out of my brain just bullshit sweat it
out let it go I don't give a fuck about
it just to when you when you go to the
steam room and you leave the steam room
it feels so much better so much nicer so
I'm gonna go there right now and get on
the side ball a little aside ball cuz I
love sweet I don't want to eat chocolate
I feel like a sigh Bowles has a little
bit of sugar but you know what it's not
as bad as fucking chocolate sorry guys
I'm just kind of tired so I'm trying to
give it all my energy right now for the
slog and I'm actually gonna go and see
my mom I haven't seen my mom in two
weeks and I miss it before I was annoyed
by her living with her everyday and now
we're gonna see your mom for so long you
we actually miss her and you want to go
see her so that's what I'll do right
after so yeah
waiting for my boy Freddy sauna that my
mom then we're gonna do something maybe
form for the blog we're just gonna chill
it see what happens let's go my
boyfriend he showed up let me see your
hair Bernie oh look at this I love this
I mean maybe I should not holla let me
see your eyes when I
a brand no no but do this do this to
your other eye now you look like rice
gum anyways I'm about to go to the sauna
do you need to start working out you
sign up with the gym and your workout
start lifting bra you used to be fit
come on bro but if this guy's a player
this guy gets more punani than anybody I
know Loki Loki Loki yo ferny let me see
what we got you serious wow so I got me
and my mom one damn just got to my mom's
house and we're watching about this show
top mom first of all and this dog is so
thick he cannot sleep he can only sleep
when it says because if it lights down
the dog is uh can't breathe he loses the
breath so he has to like sleep while
he's sitting down every time he sits
down and falls asleep in Foster's side
so sick baby the heart is too big for
its body and then what's on TV so we're
watching about this guy Geum Gianluca
Vinci the Italian guy I should do a
collab dance with him you know thank you
dance like him I can't think I can dance
like him yeah you think so what about
music you're gonna see yeah Tilda why
are you Matilda I miss you hello Matilda
she doesn't even care I was a little bit
laying on top of her she left me you
don't care you're not excited to be
Tally's home what happened what happened
with you happy she's not even blinking
yo check out my mom's lies goddamn that
she's like Ivy what do you do are you
shooting up heroin or something why do
you need you need it you need to see
your veins onto this light look at this
wow this is amazing I'm gonna get one
look
those dudes have different colors it's
so relaxing yeah like a lot of attention
for your building for people so I just
talked to my mom guys and I think I made
an official move where I got a
two-bedroom apartment I don't need it
I'm paying all this money for nothing so
I think I'm gonna move in this stay in
the same building and just downgrade to
one bedroom and literally throw
everything out and I think I'm gonna get
rid of my couch so I might give him the
couch is brand new as you saw that
orange couch and never really used it
but maybe some dirty things happen once
in a while in there but but yeah I'm
gonna give it away probably because my
mom wants to put on Craigslist I'm like
who the hell goes to Craigslist look for
couches yeah you can do it you can do it
okay if you want to do it I'm not
getting you with a couch I'll I'll
rather give it to one of them they
probably need a nice couch like that
right
who needs a couch leave me the comments
below there's probably a lot of people
that need that couch I can sign it too
nah but for real and my desk my glass
does I just don't need this all I need
in my life is my bed my laptop my blog
camera my main channel camera and and my
bed that's my office is my bed
what well what'd you miss few vlogs I
have to be oh the belt so you remember
how guys have told you if I miss a vlog
I need to get beat with a belt so what
should we do it not in this vlog
do a separate date what we do this boy
yeah I think so go just do the could you
look like a pitbull you're so weird
so go to my building and somebody pulled
a long walk I don't know if it's a test
or a while but what is this press here
to open nice
really
fuck fuck it's doing the morning god
fuck again fuck your fucking dancing
your mother fuck fuck your emergency let
it burn
holy shit twenty minutes later I can
finally calm down they gave me a big-ass
headache oh man bye anyways guys this is
what I'm going to show you my extra
bedroom ignored the mess like it should
be my office but my office is my laptop
I just hated the videos and that's it
let's check this out look at all this I
don't need this room I'm gonna get rid
of it if you guys want this desk if
somebody wants this desk let me know I
don't know what I'm gonna do with this
bed this is my clean clothes I just put
it or gonna fold it but this is all my
equipment yeah it's ridiculous it's too
much space I don't need none of that
I haven't even watched TV once yet and
I've been here for I don't know how long
over almost a few weeks I didn't hang
the pictures yet because I want to get
rid of the couch first so if you guys
want this couch let me know in the
comments below I'm sick and tired of all
this bullshit but I love you guys so
thank you guys so much come back
tomorrow to watch another vlog I'm super
tired I'm gonna go to sleep another date
tomorrow I've been to the gym three
times today first fasting cardio so I
lifted and three I freakin in the sauna
and now I'm gonna go to non-medical so
now I'm gonna go to bed but tomorrow do
leg day shit Stairmaster in and leg day
what kind of car do you guys do I hate
running I'm seriously keep running I
think I'm gonna start doing sprints or
something I want to switch it off I
gotta get rid of my sides my love
handles sorry about this mess it's not a
poop stain I promise it's not a poop
stain I promise I love you guys all
jokes aside thank you so much for
watching please give this vlog a big
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
that's it
you are the best the scrub was amazing
