what's up villains welcome to another
vlog I'm out here getting it BAM
Stairmaster every morning fasted cardio
they said I can't I said I can they say
I want I said I would just say you're
gonna feel I said I'm gonna see that's
how it goes I'm out here 60 different
story she doesn't stop and it's not
gonna stop I'm gonna be in the best
shape of my life I'm no different than
you why you're not at the gym first
thing I wake up brush my teeth drink
water I just left the courthouse and let
me tell you guys something this is
hilarious so I signed up for community
service hours and it's hundred sixty
hours as I told you guys and I have to
repaint graffiti on the side of like you
know streets or whatever and it's from
7:00 in the morning till to 3:30 p.m.
which it makes it like yeah three hours
because the 30 30 minute lunch and I'm
gonna try to do it every day I'm gonna
probably burn myself out but I'm gonna
try to finish it before November 14 so I
can enjoy going overseas and not
worrying about coming back and maybe
spending New Year somewhere there with
you guys overseas so I shipped on it
three times a week but I waited till
last second I mean I can extend it till
June but I'm trying to just finish it
because I want to do a big stunt yeah
I'm just gonna stop talking about it but
anyways the funny thing is no phones no
headphones no iPods no plastic bags if
you want to bring lunch of bringing
paper bag it's a yeah a lot of crazy
shit so I'm gonna be miserable but I'm
gonna probably break you down so I just
stopped at my boy shop a deal and
oh yeah cool kicks it's on Melrose and
he's gonna hook me up with your shoes
look at all these shoes he's like why
don't you stop by the store and get some
shoes he just opened up the store look
at this
which one should again I'm thinking
about these ones
these are really dope ones what do you
guys think you like these ones these
ones oh you gotta go in the club with
those there's gonna be cranberry juice
all over them look at all these dope
woods they hooked it up check this out
guys so I got myself Tony got himself a
pair of these shoes pretty dope pretty
dope and inspired me to get she's like
that too and really I never I've never
been a sneaker head but after I Dida
started coming out with these awesome
shoes hi I became one so I got myself
these I got three pairs
he got one pair just once
they're gonna be like wow so spoiled I'm
sorry guys I'm gonna show you all
because I want you guys your opinion for
the next one next week I think I'm gonna
come back I'm gonna do a giveaway I'm
gonna choose a couple pairs for you guys
to give away to the fans so I got these
ones these are really dope and I got one
more let me see uh despite it's the same
ones yes so uh yeah Tony loved the white
ones that it's all they're gonna turn
black so guys this Saturday won't be on
Pacific time I'm doing another live
stream and this live stream is gonna be
fun it's gonna be live public pranks and
it's gonna be your dares so if you're
watching this video right now go and
Twitter and tweet at me and make sure
you put ad vitalyzdtv and add B go I put
the directions description below and
tweet your dares for this Saturday I'm
gonna be picking the best dares and the
best dare guess what they win there were
in a skateboard vitalyzdtv skateboards
been always untouched I had it for so
long and I haven't been using it so I
was like why don't I just give it away
and I'm gonna also sign it why
I know thank you so yeah look check out
the skateboard I think this is an
awesome gift 1 p.m. Pacific time this
Saturday
don't miss out add me on B go at
vitalyzdtv and tweet me your best there
is the best there is gonna win the
skateboard sign and don't miss that
actual livestream is gonna be awesome
it's gonna be public pranks I'm going to
go mess with people and you're gonna see
how it's done and also next Saturday I'm
not gonna promote it yet no no it's time
for the haters they hate the haters I
guess the haters are gonna be like yeah
we survive this we survive we're going
to the festival we're going to that
music festival escape festival it's a
Halloween festival and I told that's
only if I survive the stonk
because if I would survive this is gonna
be nice but if I don't I'm gonna I don't
I'm gonna be laying in that bed probably
in the bed you'll be in my for a couple
months so yeah anyway super hungry right
now in a mold we gained three meals
right now 1300 calories I need to go eat
so I have looks like I'm gonna have to
be eating out once a day where I need to
go cook some food for the week I'm
starving what do you want to go out Tony
I kind of want to get in the side walls
know for just a protein shake
let's get some acai bowl oh well acai
bowl that is a kind of protein shake you
know you don't want to get like actual
food food so we decided to stop by body
energy club and I got some almond
chicken and by the name of the place
it's kind of healthy Anam Rahman chicken
it sounds like 300 calories in this
shake has probably like around 200
calories and just shake cuz like almond
milk blueberries almond butter whey
protein we're doing good
the diet already started usually I
starts Mars you guys already know but
you know it started it we just walked
into a store and Corey she goes you like
you should be at or and that's what we
tour
you look like tour why he looks like
Thor Thor for Thor know what you don't
have this team color here I don't care
Mexican Thor bro
I got my little hammer okay seen the
last are you getting here try it on try
it on try it on for the blog I'm a large
on chest like what should I be for
Halloween I'm probably gonna be an Arab
for Friday Friday yeah this is all I
wanted Oh like there's zero chance that
this ever leave my hand at the parties
oh okay
to them let's take a picture
all right so for Saturday party you're
gonna be poor for Friday you're gonna be
cholo cholo a chola and for Friday if
you guys didn't see I don't know if some
of you is that see natural born
pranksters I'm gonna be that guy you
remember in the tanning bed I mean it's
a cliche la party so cliche la party
means like first thing when you think
about light right yeah so it's like I'm
the Michigan douche bag douche bag so
I'm gonna be a rich douche bag and the
outfit revolves is is a tan like Jersey
Shore thing of Jersey
ten rings I'm gonna change my skin color
I'm gonna get a lick of ten yeah makeup
tan and yeah and I need to make up a
name in the movie oh wait you're already
in the movie I was kind of like flaming
gay I'm gonna be like straight though
they're just whole bunch of Julie
everything like fake Louboutins to be a
person is our first Saturday for a
Saturday I'm gonna be in a era oh it's
up so I have this stalker always in my
lobby
thank you a she says he watched what did
you say you watched what so anyways I
was like you know what he watched you
say you watched my videos all of them
ten times over and over so is like you
know what why don't I invite him for a
sleepover and so I get a kiss yes
what's the rush I hid my name this guy
knows too much mmm-hmm Nikita Tommy owes
to worsen he said never put those two
words together what previous period no
no no no I can't use Jamie's high shit
but Yuri yeah I just met him in an
elevator I'm so happy
Tony I'm gonna ask you to leave if you
don't mind I'll talk good I'll talk to
you more I'll talk to you tomorrow
ah this is amazing I'm just swinging
around this is really incredible what's
up Tami hi so as you know Tami is gonna
be my new masseuse from now on and I'm
gonna this is my first massage to
actually real massage from you last one
was a sample so that they didn't count
Selman it'd be like an hour and a scrub
was a scrubbed and everyone
so what they're gonna kill dead skin but
look how cozy apartment is he has swings
and I don't know
those are pretty dope I'm gonna get one
of those on my ceiling I was scared to
sit on it because I think is gonna fall
are you ready and you got another one
how many swings do our these like the
sixth x-wings
okay haha honestly Micucci
and is your massage room oh this is nice
legit and I killed my back today by so
this is perfect perfect timing couldn't
be any better that was an amazing
massage she killed it miss Tammy thank
you so much you are the best the scrub
was amazing baby solving eyes I feel
like I just got out of the vagina like a
little bit when you baby just gonna try
the brand you feel like I have never
been touched it's amazing and the
massage is good
the palm of your hands
holy shit that massage was so good that
I passed out and I just want to say
thank you guys for coming with me for
this transformation I also in a very
good mood because I'm seeing a lot of
results I'm super happy are you guys
singing your results and what are you
guys gonna be for Halloween leave me
your comments below and I just want to
say thank you for coming back and
watching my videos thank you thank you
thank you please give this vlog a big
thumbs up if you made it to an end and
I'll see you guys tomorrow that's right
the city I disagree and I just woke up
and I got a voicemail from my lawyer
that she says I might be going to jail
