disagreeing day I just woke up and I got
a voicemail from my lawyer that she says
I might be going to jail what's out
villains thank you for coming back to
watch another vlog this logs gonna start
with me meals calm thank you for sending
me all these awesome meals for the week
we're in the sixty day transformation
guys and if you want this go to lean
meals calm 10% off with a code Vitale
fit I'll put the link in the description
and the direction how to use it but
anyways let's get to the point so my
video got deleted the human Nutella
ultimate pancake got deleted I got a
strike on my youtube channel oh well
that sucks I guess I gotta wait six
months now to get it taken off so thank
you YouTube appreciate it and this is
kind of weird day I'm running to get my
community service hours to sign up for
the community service service hours for
the Hollywood sign and then I missed my
court date put my speeding ticket
yesterday this sucks I have never missed
a court date for speeding take ever and
then with all the moving and all the
things and all the exciting things
happening in my life I completely forgot
so I'm gonna be driving my car so if I
get pulled over probably going to jail
hopefully not we'll see court closed in
a couple hours I'm gonna have there but
thank you to emails once again 60 day
transformation I'm doing it the question
is are you guys killing it
hi so I have some good news and some bad
news so I have to do 160 hours 160 hours
whatever I'm gonna do with an attitude
like a good attitude I'm gonna be a
chimp I'm gonna get it over with I'm not
just gonna go there with negative energy
and I have to clean trash with a side of
a highway or cover graffiti walls I'm
gonna do good but my speeding ticket
since I didn't show up yesterday to
court you got completely cancelled
what's his name it got completely
canceled means that I don't think I got
points I don't think the cops showed up
are you paid and pleased not guilty so
that got completely dropped thank God
but 160 community service hours I am
fucked
completely funky but I'm gonna show it
attitude man this system that's crazy my
mom gets attacked by a homeless guy the
other day I didn't tell you guys by the
way ain't Matilda got kicked like a
soccer ball and nothing happens nothing
happens the cops showed up and though
you don't have no damage on you and
nothing oh oh shit what's my papers
nothing happens and then I frickin go to
climb the Hollywood sign
how does 60 whatever not complaining I'm
gonna do with a good attitude Good
Samaritan
I'm gonna have fun with it it's
transformation now and now I have to
finish 160 hours before November of 14
of them because I'm gonna be leaving out
of a country taking you guys with me
super excited nah when I could move it I
was in the horrible you didn't move
before by the way guys but now I'm in a
really good mood you know why - great
I'm gonna knock these hours just the
sucks that I have to come back here
tomorrow so just came back from an
amazing workout and as you guys know I
have lean meals to eat but I went to the
store to get some strawberries I want to
get some mustard and brown rice or Danny
rice cakes these are amazing and this is
the best peanut butter in the world I
got it from Trader Joe's it's
all-natural
there's great taste amazing and this is
not a brand deal but if I can open it
they always pack so oh nice oh my god so
I'm gonna eat dinner and then
my snacks throughout the day Leigh Mills
is only sending me 1300 calories a day
and I think I need 1,900 calories a day
to maintain my weight to lose weight and
look how to explain it to maintain Julie
now how I wanted 1300 is too low it's
like for girls I don't know somebody who
weights less than me I weigh 210 pounds
I'm gonna show you a picture I don't
even know what this is I'm gonna show
you a picture no oh it's not even moving
look at that thing that's terrified row
you fucker head a little different most
wrong your farts are kind of awful dude
protein bra brought to you Dan that was
scary and that's why you were playing at
the camera did you really think I was
gonna pass that you get a place out
there like a bomb you kill somebody with
that I love
don't you love smelling your own farm oh
I like fight under my sheet and go under
my she loved one of those hi Samia
totally decided to go a late night
challenge we're gonna
I'm gonna see a cool move Suzanne you go
to Bolingbroke no
I know I'm awful about basketball don't
say I'm awful and lower
awful five gutter balls in a row by a
brother
you broke the camera show how bad I
thought the camera can show you that is
the greatest worst battle of all time
this is awful
we've got it
oh my god
Wow just like that let me show
I told you I told you all right guys let
me catch up on some stuff so I'm I did
upload it to vlog two days ago the human
ultimate Nutella pancake I don't know if
I should reapplied it re-edit it and
take the nipple out hashtag freedom
nipple
start posting in all the videos hashtag
freedom and so I'm back to regular
schedule guys and I'm sorry if I let
yourself down but transformation didn't
stop I've been going to the gym every
single day so I hope I didn't lean oh
just because I didn't upload a vlog
doesn't mean the transformation stop
don't know I'm giving you guys or some
of you I don't want to speak for
everybody Mota some type of motivation
by uploading these vlogs and talking
about how this transformation is going
so I've been doing good and I'm just
gonna start my community service hours
is gonna be the next hard two weeks or
maybe like three weeks it's gonna be
hard because I'm gonna have to do
community service hours and after
community service hours I'm still gonna
have to hit the gym and provide fun
content for you guys anyways so this
Saturday I'm going live again and I want
you guys to join on the go app the link
is in the description below it's gonna
be another crazy live streaming you
don't have missed this egg Saturday
October 29th it's gonna be the
he's so Tony's reaction he's so yeah I'm
not even gonna talk when you see you
gonna and I'm texting I could text a
couple people they're like holy fuck
holy fuck
so yeah and then next month like around
November 14th I have to leave out of the
country I'm not gonna tell you where
guys it's gonna be a surprise but the
vlogs are gonna be lit and I'm still
gonna continue my transformation even
though I'm overseas I'm not gonna drink
because my transformation our
transformation ends on December 1st so
that means I'm gonna stick to it and
show you guys that six-pack that I'm
fighting for together and leave me the
comments below how you guys are doing it
like what's new what's new how does the
transformation going what's changing in
your life have you been drinking if you
wanted to stop drinking and they fought
all the people wondering what's my diet
lean meals calm is my diet and if you
guys go on their site they want to give
10% off to you guys for the villains so
it's vitally fit it's the code
everything is the description so feel
free to check it out no forcing to get
anything they're dope meals really good
to me for bodybuilders like made for you
know for fitness journey so it's pretty
dope
tomorrow vlogs should be more exciting
so yeah
just out of here and I have to go see my
mom haven't seen my mom in a long time
just a lot of things have been going on
and you know what I love how you love
the vlog me vlogging the girls and the
vlog so I'm gonna do more of that
because I haven't been really vlogging
with girls like let me get a little
personal with you guys
I've been down myself lately it's
overthink stuff like back in the day
when I used to upload videos I didn't
give a crap about anything now
everything I overthink I don't know what
it is I really don't like like I don't
give a shit and I tell you guys how guys
don't give a crap what anybody thinks
about you guys or whatever but like I
still don't give a crap at the end of
the day but I've been overthinking stuff
oh my god but they're like this is this
good oh shit it takes this person well
maybe he doesn't like me I don't know
why I got it I guess it's called
insecurities and I don't know where that
came from
and I'm trying to battle it it's weird
it's really weird how I've been
overthinking stuff you know so I'm just
gonna get back to my old roots and just
provide you guys content and I'm
actually have three movie deals that I'm
working on right now so you know I told
you guys if I started to get your videos
to transition to movies and it's not
being a sellout it's being pursued my
career you know I wanted to build a huge
large following on YouTube it doesn't
mean I'm gonna leave YouTube but I want
bigger than need to be known to be on a
big screen so if you guys are dreams to
get discovered or to be the biggest
youtuber just believe in them keep doing
it you know it's I started YouTube in
2011 August
eleven and now it's what it's in October
Wow five years five years just like that
BAM flew by that's crazy
time flies especially in LA it's uh
living in the fast lane here it's not
since the green day I just woke up and I
got a voicemail from my lawyer that she
says I might be going to jail reason why
I'm saying that is because I should have
enrolled to my community service hours
the first week after my court and I I
don't think I forgot I don't think I was
ever told so I don't read directions on
the paper it says that I needed to
enroll the first week and I didn't so
she says
good luck when you go back today so I'm
going back today and wish me guys luck I
think I'll be good
I'm a talker I can I should be good
we'll see but uh cuz it's still not over
I still have like seven months to do it
anyways I might be going to jail or
maybe not so we'll see thank you guys
for watching this vlog please give it a
thumbs up if you have more personal
vlogs like this and I'll see you
tomorrow
Leslie Daniel
