what's up villains thank you for coming
back to watch another vlog guess who is
here today
like super Tara her girlfriend right
what's your name again nos nos angry we
got Tony got twenty in the camp I don't
know what the hell we doing we're doing
some Al Gore challenge let me see open
your mouth wide and open one won't be
your first time at least it looks good
yeah your teeth are brighter than my
teacher I is high in utter shock
I saw how we're gonna do the challenge
what are we doing three minutes on the
clock two minutes on the clock I don't
know because we can you can start with
the doughnut you can start with the dog
we're just gonna eat anything
all right we're just gonna eat we're
just gonna see eating see how it goes
okay what's up guys today I'm with Lexy
Panterra some of you guys know she's at
work her whatever kind of okay singer
well I kind of told you huh what's your
passion dancing dancing I show us some
people no you must have Oh leave all me
mommy
ha ha ha where's your next video did you
bring yoga pants how did you make you
bleed again oh I got this quality eye so
today we're doing a mouth guard
challenge we got ramen noodles Amy we're
gonna banana bananas are gonna get the
right size did I get the right size it's
the biscuit ah oh okay all right and we
got these little three doughnuts and we
got some milk I don't even like out you
know where the low-fat milk comes from
this is a 2%
you know where it comes from skinny cows
anyways kissing so uh yeah
so we're doing but now God not Mao cow
challenge we got three minutes on the
clock and right when we put these in the
time is going to start to be done'
appetizer and then milk if you want to
help
yeah yeah
you're chopped good good lunch I don't
have dinner firing you like yeah yeah
yeah so go they are sure yeah
I've been three minutes
oh yeah you want to check out Lexy check
out the link in description yeah and
yeah and if it your mama blocking point
sighs it's free oh yeah I'm just saying
the truth very funny anyway anyways no
those are mine but leave us in the
comments and uh leave leave your
comments below if you want us to do more
crazy shit now this was a little kind of
simple it was a mess it was a lot of fun
but what you want to see really tell us
what you want to see alright guys I hope
you enjoyed this challenge with Lexy
Panterra we're gonna do a lot more
collabs in a future but stay with your
transformation I hope you guys are doing
good staying strong can't wait for the
next day give this like a big thumbs up
and I'll see you tomorrow
dusted Anya all right I'm gonna can i
anchor feet to the bed can any coffee
you to the bed please
