what's up villains thank you for coming
back to watch another vlog a quick
announcement
my stalker here she fell in love with
Nutella one day I want to eat it so bad
but I can but this Saturday is my cheat
day 1 p.m. Pacific time if you download
that app be go the link is in
description it's free what are you
waiting for
I'm gonna eat breakfast off for her I'm
gonna dip her I'm gonna tell up pool and
it's going to be amazing you don't want
to miss this this Saturday
won't be a specific time completely free
if you want to see the ultimate
breakfast of games download it now
alright guys but on the real note what
stop Noel came back and this Saturday
we're actually doing something awesome
it's my cheat day I wanted to tell us so
bad and I'm gonna eat so many pancakes
but the way I'm gonna eat them is going
to blow your mind
you don't want to miss this it download
that app if you want it it's free up to
you I'm not making you but it's going to
be one hot live feed you coming back
Saturday right and we're doing this and
it's gonna be amazing YouTube have
sensors so you can't go too far with
that but our life it's not gonna have
any boundaries what we're going to do so
just what do you think I'm gonna do you
will see it it's gonna be gains day so
what are we doing we're doing a sketch
for Instagram for a Facebook for
everything and I know you want to do
something with Nutella you got some good
ideas again we're not gonna say what
we're doing we're just going to film
behind the scenes and you guys follow
along what we're gonna do all right
which outfit show me what you brought
show me where you brought a Hanko you
back here it goes
they brought handcuffs you just want to
handcuff me is that what it is so we'll
see what happens let me see you take
them open we're gonna use them lady at
the store was like if you want a
terrible handcuff or one time you as
like we're gonna
all right mm I'm gonna can i anchor Pete
to the bed what can any cover you to the
bed please
maybe we'll see all right guys remember
I told you about my meal plans guess
what
look what came in today huge shout out
to lean meals calm for giving me all
this healthy food your boys gonna stay
in shape it says calories carbs fat
protein oh now I'm gonna be healthier
than ever
bunch up society a Saturday I'm doing
the stream I need everyone's help please
download the link in the description
also I'm gonna be given an iPhone 7 away
on Saturday 1:00 p.m. Pacific time and
this is going to be not stunned I did
say I'm gonna do a huge stunt and that's
gonna be later in October and I'm super
nervous about it super crazy I don't
know how to explain this and I'm not
just trying to hype it up I'm gonna be
doing a lot of live streams I'm gonna be
connecting with you guys I'm gonna be
spending more time with you but right
now let's get to Q&A and Nick port will
there be Natural Born prankster - I
think we've got a green light for number
two but I don't think we're going to be
doing it because lions get a thing wants
to do pg-13 and then what does give us
the same budget we want to do bigger
pranks right its second movie and what I
want to do pg-13 I think the content
should stay rated ry will go from rated
R movie to pg-13 I'm not sure lean
detail that's all over her
there's rumors I'm not sure we'll let me
down to the night robot prankster -
absolutely
next questions come from Angie is yes I
tried to pronounce my name I know you
can do it in Jessica and Jessica and
Jessica Jordan Kelly are you going to be
selling filling hats and man t-shirts
down the road yes I will these are
villains have a camel villain hats and I
know I've been hyping it up for a while
now but these are pretty dope I'm going
to be releasing them soon I'm going to
dump a exclusive amount and we'll see
how it goes what do you do when a hater
approaches you hi thanks for watching my
videos a billion dollars or a million
subscribers that's a funny question
because I already have a billion
drivers he say apparently has a YouTube
channel that has a billion followers and
this is his little stuff that he's
pulling off you're expecting to get
arrested more likely gonna get arrested
but on the real no yeah I think I'm
doing subscribers but a million dollars
doesn't sound so bad I want to have to
work the rest of my life just invests
travel and have a good time what was the
highlight of New Egypt career the
highlight of my YouTube career was
definitely natural born pranksters
because it's crazy to see that from
YouTube you can make future films and
now the movies on Netflix like they're
just blows my mind that's why I always
followed believe in your dreams because
I would never think I would even get a
thousand subscribers literally took me
like four months to get a thousand
subscribers now have 9.2 million and
it's just crazy this crazy mind-blowing
so that's why I don't give up whatever
you want you can achieve in this life
you control your life not your life
controls you planning and featuring in
another movie yes I actually shot
airplane movie it's a local falls new
movie it's going to be a lot of social
media influencers and I think it's going
to be the best social media movie ever
because the script was hilarious when I
was reading I couldn't stop laughing I
play a villain I play super badass I
think I killed it Logan said I killed it
I really can't wait for it comes out
this is where I actually acting comes in
this is not brains is not their problem
it's an awesome story and see what
happens because flying planes will never
be the same what was your biggest
struggle has become a YouTube star
risking my life doing all these pranks
and being consistent and learning the
formula YouTube power works how do you
get subscribers and doing it for three
months for 60 subscribers I literally
didn't YouTube for three three years
three months and I got 60 subscribers
until I finally hit that viral video and
after that viral video actually went to
jail for two months and I was like
that's it my YouTube for years over and
that was my biggest struggle when I
spent two months in jail for Russian
hitman 60 seconds playing and I really
literally thought it would come out of
jail and my career would be over
but since two months without a phone I
came out with awesome ideas and every
video was on
million years and you jail help me yes
was it a struggle fuck yeah
and would I go back hell no did you ever
go to college
also will you get your real plans from I
get my meals from lean meals calm thank
you so much amazing
great food I'm gonna show you more on
the vlogs how i I've been eating healthy
no drinking transformation and I also
didn't go to college
to answer your second question never
went to college because when I graduated
in high school is like there's no point
to go to college and no offense to
anybody that's in college or it's going
to be going to college but I just
thought the jobs are not guaranteed I
see all these people walking like row
robots around and when they come out of
college you still they have a degree and
they still not doing what they love to
do so I wanted to become an actor and I
started doing YouTube videos for fun and
it became a business and yeah I couldn't
be more thankful to you guys what's your
dream car a Lamborghini Aventador why
because it's loud it looks sexy and it's
every man's dream car who wouldn't want
in events of the world Lamborghini so
definitely working on my way up to that
and one day one day and I'd be able to
be happy to rewind this vlog when I get
that car to this moment saying that I
will get it and show you
improvy in another way the dreams come
true do you have plans to visit India
yes I do I think I'm going to India on
December 14 not exactly sure I want to
spoil anything but if I do go to India
I'm doing a huge meet up who's gonna
meet up I don't know where somewhere
have some fun take some photos hang out
vlog and enjoy India hey guys thank you
so much for watching this Q&A awesome
questions hope you enjoy it so let's get
back to the app please download the app
from the bottom of my heart I need your
help
it's gonna be amazing I'm also going to
be doing a giveaway iPhone 7 on Saturday
this Saturday 1 p.m. Pacific time don't
miss out it's going to be a live feed
I'm gonna spread
I'm not even an insane thing is going to
be the most ultimate breakfast champion
breakfast will never
the same in your cheat meal download the
app it's free to get this log a big
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
that's it onion honestly like it's kind
of rude that you two never fight a
mighty em so I just wanted to introduce
myself so that you can premium okay so
if you want to take a picture with me
