what the fuck are you high I didn't get
in
security what I'm loving it who are you
what's up villains how you doing today
so today we're doing chest and today's
gonna be a little fun vlog to this chest
because you guys been asking me I want
more workouts with Tyler Moore more
workouts or time I want more workout so
today I'm going to show you more workout
so you're just killing my chest I want
just to be as big as I can I don't know
I'm just everywhere so I don't know how
many man I'm gonna max out hopefully to
20 fall note I can do 25 maybe I can do
more as brothers Gloria flurry no sir
the way mister the way just heavy I'm
always pressuring my my feels
anjaii to my abs and it makes the
exercise actually
you should try I guess that advice from
a friend like six years ago
like that
I hate another sweater that's cold
yeah
no one that's sixteen but nobody wants
to work
see
- apparent bogey 12:00 until it can be
chill it burns no pain
okay
ah
hey guys let's trade exercises
other X chest sizes for me let me know
in the comments
I'll follow these are mine I am going to
switch it up next week but these are
basic routine regular chest upper or
lower chairs sides flies but if you have
any other awesome exercises and it works
for you let me know I would love to try
them
I'm on a delivery
you
obliques work for
duty to the birds people AR Lass's he
doesn't start he's set at mama Ali
doesn't harmonize Allah Mohammed Oh
Arnold took it from Imam Ali these
people eat that mommy said yeah
I'm getting if you re everyday putting
on work no excuses I'm so stressed out
to produce number of you but same time
get in shape and it's ridiculous I'm
doing whatever I can
there's time for everything you want to
know another great exercise for triceps
in like 2 5 min a minute on my thigh
walk and I'm gonna show I'm going to
show you a full minute of it here
timer for me
stop wash our
Ballu
what happens I want to abs like when I
used to be 18 I used to my Russian
facebook contacts it got deleted I had
also videos to show you guys but it's
every day
yeah
Oh
get it Tony show them that's not only me
that's right we're both doing it I'm
proud of you you stopped drinking with
me yeah that's uh that's uh that's good
so by the way I want to tell you guys
something
there's this crazy girl that keeps
coming over to my building every day
and like she's like the security said
she's super cute but just because she
has nice titties boobies GT's they're
not gonna let her win so I'm kind of
terrified I'm terrified but I don't know
Tony what do you think there should
there later I don't know yeah I'm really
scared to go to sleep at night so damn
that chest and tricep would killed it
bro it was really good I feel great but
you know what my meals didn't come today
as it's supposed to they're gonna come
tomorrow I actually made a mistake it
wasn't their mistake so I was like you
know what my last cheat meal in and out
shoot double double burgers and my mom
watching but she probably hates it relax
you will see December first six pack a
perfect six pack so we're just gonna do
a cheat meal and then this lady comes
out from in and out which is like I use
Italia I'm like yeah she's like you want
a free shake I first I said no then I
was like sense the Chi meal why not and
he got one I was like have Aaron get one
yeah and then Aaron goes I need to hang
out with you more off the fat so this is
the ab skew she is that was fun are they
are they like spice so I mean why why
how do I know if I have haters maybe I
have a hater in there's like finally I
want to choco thank you so much Fifty's
and sixty's so you guys should be coming
up is wearing a tease yeah
Monday she came Monday with Batali for a
villain Rooney and wife hack right here
you don't get the little things in
ketchup you just put it in a tray on top
to the little clean paper you get the
peppers and you get this BAM just got
home after the in and out man I'm who's
that hello
yeah who are you what the fuck are you
hi I think it in security wouldn't let
me who are you
haha I am deer like a find you DM me
what are you talking what do you see I'm
feel like how did you get here I live on
the fifth floor
can I get a picture I'm gonna fart out
honestly like it's kind of rude that you
two never played a museum so I just want
to juice myself so that you can see me
okay so if you want to take a picture
with me you can see me in person and
then like get to know me okay but if you
take a picture with me you know you're
gonna go back the same week you know I'm
gonna throw you off no we can let's go
just come on this is really awkward yeah
I'll take a look I was pretty wet look
what are you doing here eat really it's
a day is it that easy I just climbed in
through the side it was just like as
honestly it wasn't that hard like I just
caught up through there
I almost it wasn't that hard it's gonna
be hard tonight I almost I almost
thought that purpose okay so what my
bedroom is to the left
can we get a picture sure Oh Tommy and I
can make it rain in you with all the
dollar bills well what's your name
can I spread Nutella on your booty all
right we gotta go let's go we're going
to we're going to karaoke were gonna do
let's go what are you doing no no no no
what are you doing ah what about them to
tell us stop what are you doing it's not
for you
you won this or no what do you want it
what do you want it or you love Nutella
have you had in the teller hotdogs no
what do you think you so much for
watching this vlog tonight was crazy
headed to sleep another workout tomorrow
thank you thank you thank you for
everything my meal plans come tomorrow
I'm excited please give this log big
thumbs up and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
that's he done six feet what about
without heels
