what out villains thank you for coming
back to watch another vlog how you guys
doing today I hope you're doing alright
great awesome I'm about to head to the
party uh the party the closing event
party and before I go to the party I
just want to say something I've been
working out every day
skipping maybe like one or two days in
two weeks but I just wanted to let you
know you guys remember I went back
singing the vlog look at this well is
this when I went watching is that an
allergic reaction if you guys know what
this is let me know in the comments I
was like fuck am I getting pimples again
because as you guys know when I was 18
or 17 I had a horrible acne I took
accutane and it helped I don't know you
can't pop this these are little bumps so
I'm headed to the party and then I just
wanna let you guys know please leave me
in the comments below what's your
progression how are you guys doing my
meals are coming in two days I'm super
excited I've been eating healthy clean
and you know what I wasn't going to show
you any results but I mean I don't have
much results I have this I mean still
yeah six pack it's kind of in a way I
didn't want to show I got a little cuts
here and there but uh don't want to show
you much so yeah still not happy well
obviously we're only two weeks in I'm
actually going to start community
service hours this week I'm getting
footage from the police station this
week for the Hollywood sign I have a lot
of projects going on and I love all your
comments thank you for all the positive
feedback lately I love it I love it I
love it you guys are motivating me to do
more vlogs and just a lot been going on
so I'm kind of oh wow you can already
see snow in the mountains doing here
hurry inside they'll fucking trip mr.
Curtis what's not mr. Curtis ligature I
have never seen anybody in my life
take care of their dog is this guy's
this guy's a truly a man like that's how
you gotta treat your fucking dogs this
your best friend right yeah one nobody's
gonna know buddy because that's how you
fuckers you go okay Kirby like that part
ha
you
so my boy Camilla over here Camille
thank you so yeah well that got me the
new plants on you okay
to Russia
meow meow fix whoever behind it but the
guy who got me thank you thank you
glad to get rid of information is gonna
get shredded oh look my favorite
masseuse in the world how are you he has
a freckle bro she has a prickle if you
found a watch or you stolen well you got
to get on the microphone and let him
know where you from in Sweden in one
hour south of bag okay because I'm a lot
of Swedish fans and what is let me see
look what she has
hold on ladies focus it's not focusing
hold on it's a heart
let's me know
six feet what about without heels with
heels big thick
I just
so I just walked downstairs which you
guys know this party is amazing
no drinking for us Tony's hanging in the
sauce water it's how a lot of sambuca
for me it's amazing so this is the
dinner table look at that Wow
that was that yesterday I missed this as
you can see I didn't vlog much at a
party I was just you know I don't know
how to explain this I just wanted even
more about the camera and put in
people's faces I mean I did so just got
home guys
sober as usual and yeah I vlog but there
was not many that influencers to vlog
with we just whole bunch of girls and
it's over over girls getting down down
down down what I'm going to show girls
you show off girls and stuff no it was a
cool event cool party people had drinks
great food I showed you guys a little
bit of the atmosphere that was it
nothing oh it does you know there was
free massages they were giving to people
IV and overall it was a great experience
great weekend back to regular vlogs
tomorrow and thank you $2 beer club
thank you Chris thank you to your team
you guys were amazing so inspirational
your speeches just everything and you
can find a lot of real cool people in LA
ever just for this town at the smallest
crazy man like and a lot of people I
don't know I kind of want to move back
to Miami to be honest but for my career
I gotta be here for my career but I just
can't imagine go back to South Beach
film videos on the beach like I used to
do remember guys the old old school
Deerfield school videos do you feel
school at Deerfield Beach videos ah man
mom I know you're watching this let's
move back to Florida my mom hates
Florida by the way she's like if you pay
me a million dollars I wouldn't go there
because it's like empty there's nothing
to do cuz we're live from Boca ratone it
was just like you know it's not like
here you come out everybody's on the
street everybody just great carrying
their own groceries everybody's doing
business and this
anyways tell me your age were you from
and how far you in your transformation
what do you feel better how is it so
thank you guys for watching I'm gonna
excited it's gonna be crazy week before
October 30th I'm gonna do the biggest
stumps that I've ever done in my life
and I can't say anything it's it's a
it's gonna be insane and like I know hi
poppin its it was on my bucket list and
it's gonna be hilarious it's gonna be
scary
nobody wants me to do it but I'm going
to go and do it you know why because you
got to do what your heart tells you not
what people tell you that's why people
tell me never to do YouTube Hey
okay thank you guys so much for watching
please give this vlog a big thumbs up
and I will see you tomorrow
duskie done
