what's our villains welcome to another
beautiful vlog Dame Los Angeles look at
this beautiful house we're back here
again learning for more business
techniques that's right right yeah yeah
and it's amazing we actually just have
had Kevin Harrington give us a speech
and if you guys don't know Kevin
Harrington he was on shark tank he's
here right now at the house down below
so many inspirational Diaz as seen on TV
all the infomercials it's amazing and
today's gonna be a fun day it's a full
day event I'm gonna be here I just got
my IV shot I'm actually gonna show you
the clip
previously before the intro I feel
amazing after this av amazing
and here comes landmark from sketchy
offshore the Reggie wasn't camera-ready
look look how shy she is you guys you
know this is Ozzie she's a mate
check out this oh my gosh let's talk
about yourself on the trip how do they
know you for I know how they seem in
most of your videos they live on YouTube
so what was the video called I know the
carbon monitor time
what come on through time to war it's
two more girls Cassady and what's the
other girl's name the bohemian Casa D is
the name of the fest while I'm in Dacula
no no do your girls with your looks
Shea Madison and myself yes put on your
favorite right yes you are and she's the
youngest you're not born and Richard
Sharpe and you're put together awesome
everything that caddy does is just
filled with the utmost integrity
had pleasure to see you know that it
just exudes inspirational chicken man
Joe Weber jolly fellow members the
concert career has filled up your home
show and there was a guy at his home
show that is a game-changer predict
you're not selling a flower shop again
Google for shells I'm selling
restaurants I got to go to the
restaurant code it's a home and garden
stores so I'm going to build up home
shell and it's closed happy
remember TV back in the early days my
massage time look at this this is not
just a massage I get my robe so what do
I do
tell me can you forgot yes okay back to
me I put a game over writing and then
somebody's gonna guide me what to do oh
thanks just got to the spa feels amazing
it's actually pulling here and guess who
I'm sitting next to sketchy introduce
this though is gonna Maddy okay Maddy
Lana impacted Shay I'm bad with names
huh it flies into my left ear flies out
of my right so we're about to go full
detox did you hear that they're putting
something in your liver
detox yeah that like sucks things out
yeah so what are we doing to him detox
how does that work and it draws out the
toxins reducers how long is that for
what's in the water for my feet and the
water for your feet is you for the
dissonant amazing and then how long will
get my massage how long will I get my
massager one of them cuz I was a couple
people
it's always fun let's all go how long is
this work all right thank you how do you
know if it's focused not so good I don't
know what I'm filming but I don't
filming something yeah
oh man good I didn't get the massage yes
I just got all the treatment you know my
liver is clean yeah I did that liver
what's up yeah okay I can't believe
patella can I get you some raw fish this
is amazing killer okay before a massage
just left the spine I feel amazing it
was perfect full detox dad that liver
detox not even a thing existed like that
you put a patch and then hot and detoxes
it's amazing and guess what else they
have here a health fridge right but look
there's something hidden here are you
ready camel milk oh yes and never I
thought only need to buy their camel
milk oh my goodness oh boy I'm gonna
drink with one brownie this is my cheat
meal you like my cheat meal you like my
cheating right here guys I also want to
thank the villains that take time out of
their day to watch my vlogs and come on
good things and give me a thumbs up
thank you guys and yeah and for the
people that actually like like I read
some comments and some of you guys and
hurt me at all but the people that talk
shared are the people are going to be
nobody in line they talk crap so you
feel bad about themselves and I'm saying
this right now because the people who
actually like me and watch this and if
they somebody makes fun of them in
school and stuff just ignore it ignore
it
that's the best way you're going to win
with success would love that's how you
gonna win so this is amazing look at
this beautiful day I hope your
transformation guys going good those
things strong I'm still getting that
six-pack I know that's my little cheat
meal don't judge but vlogging everyday
baby vlogging everyday
alright we got Josh over here again what
up Josh what's up what's up bro
how are you alright how do we know who
you are a magician hypnosis algorithm
you're everything what some other stuff
not everything but but you know that
when I'm drinking something I'll take
the cat you'll be able to see it
actually go straight through the bottle
you know there's no hope it's crazy how
that happens how you did okay yeah
so even if we have two bottle caps let's
say right so we put one in this hand I'm
gonna miss him I'll be able to see it
you travel over almost like so much Wow
that's number one I told him he's gonna
do at least five for you guys today
hey my table that was already like three
oh yeah he's gonna hypnotize you a girl
probably for me so that's good game
alright cool so what we're gonna do is
we're gonna beef my talents mine today
we can do this very nice work
I would say no but knowing you probably
yes hi so I'm gonna make a prediction
he's ready now
today about hold onto the Hollywood
effects I want you to name any number
between 1 and infinity so much my dad√≠s
man good good what is you said I'll but
solitaire now is there a reason why you
chose three oars just something large my
favorite number it's crazy did you tell
her I think he told him three you
serious yeah well I'll take a turn that
do you wrote the number before you ask
me that question how did you know
exactly well you just got to be able to
see in advance
kind of like marketing you want to
position yourself you know where the
puck is going to be not where it is
currently so in an evergreen situation
oh wow okay thank you fucking guess my
number what's your 72 which is the most
random number ever all right don't you
it was crazy the old improve it stands
for outcast walk that's a combination of
being an outcast while breaking the
status quo
I used to judge people a lot of
different ways the more I good like if I
was domesticated certain ways why my
parents lacquers would you guys get it
by their parents and the generations
just go on on it but you've been Brayton
cycle you become your own person and you
guys have to do it feeling and giving
that away
so basically the story about this
hundred dollars it was a crazy speech
was the almost two hours long
inspirational speech how to make money
how to basically
shake less give more Chris put $100
under every chair in that room and it
was like 70 people stood $7,000 hundred
dollars and he says give it to a
stranger tonight or tomorrow and just
give him $100
just give him $100 for whatever reason
and I'm gonna do that and everybody else
is gonna do that and it was just so
inspirational I got so much I'm so happy
to bring you to this meetings and throw
all the vlogs I'm gonna break it up this
speech and the secrets you share with me
so you guys get inspired so yeah it's
just crazy I got goose bumps how awesome
this was and now they're gonna have
dinner awesome dinner organic dinner and
tomorrow is gonna be a huge party with
everybody and like a network party event
but tonight it's dinner so I just want
to say thank you guys for everything
yeah you know what since I get a hundred
thousands of views on this vlog Channel
I want you I want you today or tomorrow
or this week give money it doesn't have
to be $100 a dollar fifty cents just go
up to a random stranger a homeless
person and just give them money you're
gonna feel better about yourself you're
really really more money they're not
gonna come to you but if you're not
gonna really care that much they will
try it yeah so you're about to give me a
ride home let's fucking go dude how much
a 7-horsepower home look at this bad boy
look at that beer who even the cars have
beards computed bitch this is sick the
interior they say interior custom - oh
wow which smells new yeah so there's two
keys for this car okay the black one
gives you 500 horsepower and when you
get the red
one that unlocks the 707 horsepower oh
my god that has a chip in it right I
will tell you I'll tell you to take off
but there's a lot of cops and a little
bit of traffic but this is insane
damn yeah we're gonna uh we're gonna
give this go how low you guys gonna have
this car for a couple weeks a couple
weeks all right guys if this video gets
15,000 likes 15,000 likes I make sure he
or Chris or one of them gonna take me
for a run on an empty road and let's see
how really fast the thing is 15,000
likes is that a challenge we can get her
to 160 not bad
well once a buddy just takes off that
horse Parker's my goes 180 but in a long
run maybe might we'll beat it but this
will take off faster yeah oh god you got
it Tammy this Tammy me oh look at her so
and this is how she gave me a massage
lay down right here and let me you let
me get another sample cause it's too
good because it was too good like mush
woman she's taking everything oh no no
no I'm not gonna get a full massage
maybe a little happy anybody
what lotion in the basket where can they
find you there when I massage massage
therapy la com
look at the look at that plug
that massage last night was on point
thank you so much for watching please
give this lug a big thumbs up and I'll
see you guys tomorrow for the crazy
party this your dining it's a prank war
