it's a prank war what's up villains
thank you for coming back and watching
another day of transformation I know
it's late vlog and today's vlog is gonna
be simple I'm gonna be calling you fans
if you submitted it I'm calling you and
it's not too late the email address is
in the description below and basically
why I'm not doing a full vlog right now
because I'm at that event the
masterminds of n to create inspirational
event and I love the feedback on my
vlogs lately you guys have been killing
with inspiration so thank you for
inspiring me so I'm gonna call a couple
people it's gonna be a short of log than
usual but I told you I don't want to
skip a day let's call some people
what up Trevor oh yeah see
somewhere out there they said I'm Marcus
somewhere out there they said am I gonna
call how are you doing well what a great
welcome to California to California from
California if not but what a warm
reading for you so yeah man well are you
doing the transformation hell yeah
that's what I love to hear yeah I've
been hitting it crazy man well yeah I'm
just recalling just seeing what's up man
staying there and we'll see the results
of sever first and I want to make any
promises yet but I'm working on this car
deal and I'm trying to get the first
number one place runs a car brand new
car so I'm working on it so that's why I
don't want to promises but most likely
that dealer might come through so I'm
still emailing the company back and
forth thanks man that's awesome well
thanks for inspiring me I'm gonna keep
calling you just wanted to let you have
a safe drive and if you tired pull over
and sleep love you hello
hello aha excuse me hi yes I got a
report on you they you stole something
from a convenience store is that true
you're from Lakeland Florida right yeah
when you I know your address and
everything so the cops are actually
gonna be on your house shortly well I
know you have a little belly and I heard
there's a chance for 60 day
transformation going on somewhere out
there in the world itself haha
kitty how are you bro what are you up to
I love you like how that whole bled and
let the cops come
that's all so I like your attitude life
is a video game like Chris's and you got
to live by your rules
I love it don't don't break the law
break the rules nice cool Matt well I
just wanted to say love inspiring story
and just to keep it up bro yeah fuck
yeah December first transformation and
seven still gonna keep log of you do you
enjoy the logs bro or you don't watch
them thanks bro hell yeah bro well I
really appreciate that and thanks for
all the feedback bro love you tell your
friends that said what's up they'll
watch me and they don't watch me tell
them what's up inspire them keep
inspiring one another and I love you and
have a great Saturday night but ah this
one's a little touchy hey Vitaly I'm 16
years old Caden so January 8th of this
year I was in the back of a seat of a
car one crash when I regained
consciousness I was paralyzed from my
chest down with little to no movement in
my arms I was then a second incorrect
Hospital in Denver Colorado when I did
rehab for six month and stop my beyond
blessed to have the recovery I did it
I'm not walking but still have a bit of
polarization in my hands and triceps
while this is happening i watch her
videos every every time I knew I was
pulse it was the highlight of my day
you're by far my favorite youtuber and
kept me going during the time when I was
all could lay in bed I lost a lot of
weight was already skinny I'm finally
back in Kansas City Missouri just
started therapy back four times a week
I'll begin to just journey together
that's good I gotta call this guy what's
up brah I'm really proud of you nice
story
oh I because you watched the previous
law growth calling people that's awesome
books this very inspiring story man hell
yeah I did I love it I know how you do
how you hanging in there you working out
you work out wow that's awesome well I'm
like fuck yeah dude yeah I've been
though it's only good that you're gonna
make today's vlog I'm actually gonna
upload it now I know it's that late but
I'm well as this event that was just
super busy but tomorrow's vlog should go
like 30 minutes so but yeah man thanks
Lee's firing me man I I read your story
I was allowed if you do you mind for the
blog it's very inspiring so I'll put put
it in there thanks man
well I just want to throw you canyon
there brother and everything's gonna be
good and hopefully see you soon yeah how
are you your pizza is outside the
pepperoni deep the Papa Papa Rory pizza
oh you're gonna try to prank Batali back
I see how it is what up nothing just
beating my meat around here
it's going awesome you're gonna make it
in today's vlog just been busy all day
bye y'all thanks for inspiring me right
now thanks brother
well have a great night man I'm gonna
call couple more people thanks so much
bye
so I love how a lot of comments are so
good at some like you can leave with the
inspirational bullshit
hi I transfer I inspire 90% of the
people on 10% don't care do I care about
10% 10% that's not inspired they're
gonna be nobody or you nobody in lives
and everybody was a bullshitter watch it
because in a lot of I you know what I
love you know what actually this is good
how some people call me out that I'm the
actually like a real person when I talk
to the Long's gonna show you everything
and everything for real other vloggers
not gonna name anybody I told you
straight up when that camera turns on
it's a different persona so be careful
guys and then I giving myself credit
it's okay take it as you want it but I'm
just letting you know I'll show you my
real life I'm gonna be with a naked
chick I'm gonna try this a little Tom
nail I'm not gonna lie so you know what
be yourself that's how you gonna get far
in life and if you're just gonna be like
somebody following somebody's bats or
comparing yourself to others you're not
gonna get far in life and today today I
didn't go to the gym because of the
event and I'm cringing like I need to go
so I don't not like about the car
that's why I said I might be I might
give away the car working out on a deal
but if not it's gonna be update cash
prize so I can occur in to you guys that
so leave me submissions in the email
it's not only gets an email description
with a date holding a newspaper so I
believe it's you because if I'm gonna go
through the transformation and you don't
have a date next to you before and after
you're not qualified I need you guys
with me because you know I don't know
and I wouldn't be able to tell if it's a
Photoshop I'm gonna have Photoshop
experts freaking go through these with
me so don't play yourself I love you so
this guy was just driving by he's like
what outfit Tyler would stop just
there's something inspiring vlogs now
what do you do for a living
hustle Oh where's your trap phone who is
it ha ha ha
nice bro sick car sick card I'm trying
to get one of these for my birthday what
kind of say it's not an Aventador
alright guys so as I said I might be
given a car away and you know what I
might be giving away his car because why
not right why not what's going I don't
know I know you're watching and if
you're not you're probably gonna be
watching because of the thumbnail Logan
Paul look at these beautiful car Brook
Logan
brother the song is called purple
Lamborghini and not a purple Mini Cooper
we should roast the roast but not for
real I I live you right up to this thing
but I'm gonna give you guys away a
brand-new car anything for real or put a
lot of money for the first place but for
right now it's a prank war
alright guys the blood came to an end
thank you so much for watching hopefully
you still stick with your transformation
because I am and I'm not happy with my
results I mean it's been only seven days
I can't expect much but you know that
means I'm gonna push myself harder so I
get better results at the end don't let
anybody tell you what to do in life it's
your life your choice and you actually
have your life your choice you have
fifty three more days please give this
mug a big thumbs up and I'll see you
guys tomorrow to see that universe Queen
alright so do you want to change your
mind or keep the Kinnock's alright keep
it okay cool so tell you what you hold
them well so like I said before I made a
prediction where everything every cards
face-up except for one card yeah they'll
be crazy if it was the Queen Anne's
women do y'all know
