Oh
what's up Phyllis welcome to another
vlog and I would say welcome to another
vlog welcome to the beautiful blog where
yeah that's all where we are right now
oh it's so it's a good a beach and it's
a hormone I guess kite surfing and one
of the best places to kite surf over
here and what makes what makes it like
that why why it's really shallow all
right so we're stratified someone saw
this bridge it's kind of high we're
going to get it from the second angle I
want to do a gainer I just swam out to
see how deep it is I don't want to break
my leg plus we need ease Sherdog gainer
well what's going on well now you found
me
it's meant to be wider field that's a
beautiful model yeah now you're mine
yeah that's amazing yeah you know J yeah
okay okay so now East our right
this is Dena Dena this is village and
this is my Egyptian girlfriend she's
taking care of us she she I didn't have
to pay a cent on this trip because think
to her like her like seriously my
breakfast was free one last time a girl
peed for my breakfast that's honestly
just insane I'm in love I think I'm in
love and this is why she's my Gyptian
girlfriend no you're the best thank you
for showing us to Kazan you love you
guys and this is my boyfriend what's up
bro ah the shy so precise you settle for
what I'm available
Oh doesn't help open my ring finger now
we need that holding I want a drug I'm
going to get it interested
I sell arm time to jerk off again
hush so I'm a cooling water like a
little bit
oh my god good now you need help
pull this job you drive it my way you
would go to jail because it you broke
your little daughter no you're not oh my
god when the break I'm not sure if this
is a break try try again okay wait wait
what is it okay pull this like that pull
it up yeah and while you release this
you accelerate a little bit yes you
should carry it
you want to do
come on whoa that was a big fries
mission accomplished yes what is yours
I'm sorry I'm sorry
this is your tip good I'm good sorry we
just took it for a ride it was very fun
I'm really sorry sorry sorry I thought
it was over I thought this was the hotel
I'm sorry someone I so have a great day
sir
sorry don't I just got to hang out the
window it's a very nice breeze look how
beautiful it is
yeah you say hello this is my friend
right here this is my amigo already new
amigo Salam alaikum he was gonna keep
you keep all right guys I told you what
I supposed to be 15 minutes and you guys
hanging out you can think the boss is
gonna come around and catch you huh well
I did and you know I'm not firing you
because I especially helped us on this
coming you Mario tell us no actually you
didn't like your Lance do I thank you
where we going right now
you said you as a friend but I I have
blown away by the height of this tower
please look it's right there guys
I gotta get guys James you won't leave
without pay is maybe 35 Wow grazie
hello yeah yeah coming up my business
you're fired
Wow if you're a real boyfriend and you
really care about your girlfriend you're
gonna beat her
yeah you're the man yesterday I could
end up a little vlog but today your hot
spot saved me everybody tries to save me
with a hot spot bro thank you so much
you're a lifesaver
all the villains out there yup villain
it's not him I want to be able to upload
my vlog so thank you for that I
appreciate it you guys are treating me
nice on this trip I've been trying to
get a massage in Egypt for about since I
got here everywhere and I'm the type of
guy I don't like to plant I want a
massage
I want it instantly but of course you're
going to make reservations so this cold
again on massage 101 Mario hug your
mother oh my god I love my class I gave
him to me please go walk on my back
Mario no I don't really
although you ready
come closer looking great out free house
I love it oh my god not like that look
you're going what about my hangers yeah
you crack what about crack everything we
have no don't like stop it I would let
me give my chest is in the ground up yep
up more oh yeah
readout you're not straight you're not
say let's party hire people yes Oh
but ah well I'll finish off with your
magic touch a lot when you do that
that's that that's good to me where'd
you learn this thank you all right guys
also I want to tell you guys about my
meet up about my meet up I want to tell
you guys he's going to be if you're
watching this vlog now give that Sunday
so I'm having to meet up on having a man
and meet up on Monday in Cairo I don't
want to promise you anything but 99% I'm
having a meet-up in Cairo so you know
what we're doing a meet-up in Cairo okay
fine shit I'm not something bloggers are
you look you know no hold on hold on the
boy oh whoa check that out people go
check yo your thanks bro
very nice Dylan your tornado food you
forgot about the tomato profile and it's
important yeah and tornado you guys been
asking me when are my hats are coming
out the store is launching soon
Ã¡lvarez his biggest thank you guys
watch the vlog I'm gonna make it I'm
gonna make you a nice green shot here
take this like this
now you take a screenshot you like it
like this you want to pause the video
like this you want to pause it like that
now you got it
yeah whatever you want what you put your
Instagram damn just you know let you
have 6,000 followers i'll make sure i
blurred the screen is list what wait is
this really your instagram weiser only
blame
yo gangster that is lit he takes a
picture of planes lifts lids not only
he's a plane photographer but you also
bring him a fella that's my man right
there
I'm gonna make sure I will put it on you
tonight 10:00 p.m. I'm super hungry I
ordered Italian food
neither kind of shallow you're not
allowed to have minor fella no you're
not are you serious are you serious
right now disrespect and with a spoon
didn't your mama teach you not to eat
with the spoon out of a family can lift
insisted this is the owner of Amina I
just wanted to say he's the man I love
everything about this place
thanks for having me thanks for the
hospitality thanks for everything and I
wish you all the best thank you thank
you
baby this is amazing thank you I was a
very special moment I really think it's
just you thank you thank you I love body
he's the man of the press until he met
me weightless a quick
Oh guys thank you so much for watching
this vlog um if you're in Egypt and
watching this right now the meetup is
tomorrow March 27 I see at the
ritz-carlton thank you and thank you to
all the villains around the world thank
you for the support if you made it to an
end just give it a big thumbs up I love
you guys and I'll see you guys tomorrow
for another epic day if you die
