Aaron open up where are you what what's
up billets what to another vlog thank
you for coming back and yes I'm rocking
this shirt if you reading is it's an
armed date well today was a shoulder day
it's an awesome start of the day and I'm
headed to dollar beers club for those
meetings
remember those meetings that I paid a
lot of money to that's where I'm headed
right now I'm gonna go say I do it real
quick we're gonna talk about something
and then I'm headed out there I'm gonna
vlog as much as I can at that house and
we're all so I just got to the house and
look at this look at these awesome chef
they preparing some cream so what is
this lamb leg amazing
look at this all amazing food dinner's
coming soon
we're gonna set up
so this is all Nima's house this house
is like thirty million dollars it's
really insane
like what goes
Wow
this is gonna be an awesome event check
this so this is Nemo's old house and
this house is awesome look at this it's
a castle castle so let me show you where
the speakings gonna happen tomorrow it's
gonna happen right in this room this
room is actually a theatre room and when
NEMA lived here who is Sherman
they had a club me but you missed this I
think you're watching this you uh look
at this dan Bilzerian is gonna be here I
don't know what number zero is gonna be
here he might be here tomorrow or the
day after Vienna or he's gonna be
staying somewhere over there so this is
gonna be awesome I'm super excited to
bring you guys on this journey and
hopefully I can film some secrets on how
to become successful because these
people don't play around here so this is
just to get to know each other event
just hang out chill and tomorrow 8
o'clock in the morning it starts 8 a.m.
till midnight how cool is that
is amazing right here
four rounds later it is time for some
desert I told them it's probably healthy
they're like it's actually a really
healthy everything was made from scratch
Chris this is the man Chris himself
you're right look at this beautiful
house so Chris for the villains that
don't know you before we get into the
event can you do it this is so many
inspiring people watching this that
wants to be inspired so I want to tell
you tell me how you came up in this town
and who are you know and what happened
are we out today less than 10 years ago
I started with a vision I grew up in
Canada crazy kid that always made sure
that I did in real life what was in my
head
we all have a million thoughts traveling
for our brand in a million miles a
second but how many of us actually carry
those thoughts into the tangible form on
the video game of life that we are
walking around this is no different than
a board game this is fucking monopoly
you roll the dice and move some spaces
and you make something happen but when
you can manifest what you are thinking
and you stop at nothing you become
relentless every single time you fail
you get more fired up to fail upwards
and not downwards
then you will achieve your dreams and
with all that being said I found myself
with a fucking broken heart with brutal
financial situation and debt that I came
and explained and a health situation
that was not good I didn't know what to
do with my life but I thought of
everything that I wanted I wanted to be
whole inside I wanted to be financially
successful and I wanted to feel healthy
in my body and in my mind
and now we are at a gorgeous house it's
all about sharing and that's what we are
brought here on this earth to do we are
here to share our love to share our
energy and most importantly to share our
knowledge every one of us has learned
something from other people in our life
that we need to harness me to take into
me to then apply it now we've thrown a
beautiful event
it's called unconscious contact because
I believe that in buried inside of our
unconscious mind our conscious mind not
the conscious mind I'm talking to you
through the unconscious one that drives
my instincts that tells me when to wake
up in the morning when I need to take a
piss when I'm hungry what I need to go
grab a pee a nice new book to be able to
read it to absorb what I need to get to
work all of those things lie buried in
our psyche and we're teaching people how
to unlock them we've put together this
phenomenal event with stunning
entrepreneurs all people that have done
this exact same thing to teach them
about the power of video and when you
can tell a compelling story through the
things that you show on screen and you
can educate and entertain your customers
not selling them and saying throwing
shit down their throat everyone wants to
buy but not everyone wants to be sold
educate them entertain them show them a
good time and in their unconscious mind
your ideas will flourish you will plant
seeds that will grow to be very be rich
very rich and very big it will last not
only for the length of your brand but
for decades and centuries and lifetimes
stay focused
pull the thoughts out of your head and
put them onto this board game that we
walk around
vitaliy it's an inspiration to me when I
see this guy's videos we all think about
dudes going out to do pranks we all
think about guys going up to drop crazy
lines to pick up chicks we all think
about doing things like streaking on the
field with no shirt on we've all had
crazy thoughts in some form or another
but this is a guy that executes those
thoughts and when you can just simply
pull what's in your mind and put it out
you get to live the dream that's in your
head
that becomes a reality thank you this is
gonna be a crazy event and I'm gonna
bring you the journey through this is
crazy I was a great speech thanks bro I
got inspired
I was inspired since the day I met you
so thanks for having me here brother
we're gonna have a beautiful time the
next three days thank you brother and
this is Chris from dollars beer club
let's go all right guys this next day
what's up bro what's your name awesome
I'm Joshua what'd you just do I'm
confused what you did it's something a
little different I'll tell you what it's
mentalism so so you I want you to think
of a card in your head any card you want
really card yeah just like a playing
card you got one yeah all right so I got
a deck of cards here and there's only
one card facedown
so what card do you think it is if you
had to guess well video card yeah okay
so what is it universe Queen all right
so do you want to change your mind or
keep the Kinnock's all right keep it
okay cool
so tell you what yeah well so like I
said before I made a prediction where
everything the records face-up except
for one card yeah they'll be crazy if it
was the Queen Anne's woman get out of
here this is so social media convention
this is awesome man yes Ola Mentalist I
teach my linguistic programming for
sales and conversion and also I do
search engine optimization so I teach
the guy that does Tony Robbins marketing
Wow so you can make almost any video go
viral yes and how do you do that through
manipulating YouTube's algorithm because
if you go to google.com slash patents
you can reverse engineer Google and
YouTube's algorithms it's owned by the
same company so you told me if I had
your brain I would have twice as many
subscribers yes and twice as many women
full time all right guys last night it
was hard to see the house well let me
show you right now while it's nice and
sunny look at this
Castle so I broke this log into two
because last night I didn't get to vlog
much more I went home slept so now I'm
back here and I decided by yesterday and
today into one vlog still uploaded and
this is the crazy event I don't know
this is crazy how many people you
meeting here and networking so I'm
really happy that I paid the price that
I paid and I'm here learning and it's
amazing
check this out guys what's in there
what kind of IV shall we're talking
about it C vitamins trace elements
magnesium and bacon I'm doing that
tomorrow guys so you better not miss out
this is epic thank you so while you
listen to people speak you get an IV
shot so they have a massage therapist
and they're supposed to be the best in
the world look at this you can do
anything you want in this house oh yeah
it smell so nice and then you go it
smells so nice in here
is that a steam room
that's a steam room over there
where am I
where am I you get all this business
advices here
you get all this beautiful snacks your
that's why I had to combine because
yesterday everything was in the dark you
guys couldn't see it this is so cool oh
I don't drink alcohol well for 60 days
transformation okay I believe this crazy
workout program but this is crazy
everything's so helped me in this house
yeah detox which one is it which one is
that on top
yeah no I'm blind Thanks awesome so what
is that is that gonna like clear me out
a little bit Wow feels really good to
detoxifiers
thank you what's your name Thank You
Chelsea you gonna be here tomorrow
I feel like a little kid I need to try
BAM just got to books how to set up your
business under a thousand dollars
turmeric turmeric shot never heard about
it about to take it from my first time
turmeric orange can see and I don't know
I don't know how to speak English that's
definitely what's healthy Wow amazing
all right guys I'm gonna start
tomorrow's log right now so please give
this vlog a big thumbs up thank you guys
so much for watching I'm gonna try to
vlog as much as speech tomorrow as I can
for your guys inspiration and the
Chris's speech was amazing in this video
what do you guys think about Chris's
speech that was really inspiring he
literally came from nothing she dreams
come true thank you please thumbs up and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
transformation is not stopping anytime
soon
you see I know yo I seen what our
brother it's Vitaly what's good
