what's up villains thank you for coming
back to watch another vlog today I'm
doing back and byes so basically I'm
going to start with a lap pool down I
love this exercise because you can feel
everything and we got Tony over here
another day in Hollywood another day of
grinding we're just doing it out here oh
so good you gotta do what squeeze your
back
no matter how I feel if it's up and down
I'm just here to
I know I'm going to regret it at the mix
at that December first when the
transformation expires
oh yeah oh yeah
it look like your shirt so I just got
home from the gym and this is hilarious
yo Tony check this out guys I go a
scroll through you know my feet I'm a
mom says aha
Yeah right I have never been to a Hawaii
and don't flirt with my son's friends
hottest citizen will be honored Elena
flirts with Greece Cristiano Ronaldo in
Hawaii and it's sure on the cover of a
newspaper what that actual fuck this is
hysterical a common what the hell is
this LMFAO hey what is your headline
read today Wow what anyways back to this
I don't know let me know what you guys
think in the comments when people write
article just because if you get a lot of
Fame they would do anything to write
your own articles well I'm not even
Oprah shadow and although I barely went
for Sharon ala coushatta Ronaldo knows
of me because I ran with his shoes in a
World Cup but let's scratch all that
Bradley Martin you're the man you send
me your freaking booty work your
proteins your greetin thank you so much
Bradley I'm gonna be using this look at
this back as she said me blood brother
dang Bradley your doll so he sent me
some merch for my gym you're the man Wow
he hooked the ah brother your oh I see
she Oh
the material is amazing this is sick
dude run the awesome yeah all right
let's see the other one all right dude
these are dope this is actually like a
bit like you know like a lot a lot like
a lot of people want me to wear things
like it's not like I asked for it but by
the way I asked for Brennan if you're
reading this it's an armed day
this shirt is amazing and the collar I
love this collar
Bradley read the man and him white ah I
love it oh good another one damn these
are free
well this means Wow that doe this
materials are amazing dude like it's BM
fit if you guys wonder what it is but
I'm not ready for it tanked up yep and I
told him to send me a freaking you know
what I told you okay everything is a
sign in life you remember I told you
yesterday my whole day was lit the god
heard me it was lit alright guys so it's
time for your inspiring messages and
stories and I got so many submissions
I'm going to try to go through all of
them obviously not today but I'm gonna
read some of them today I'm just gonna
go open them up I'm just going to click
random and open them up first one hello
vitalik my name is Hashim I have been
south to both channels for quite a bit
now I now do pranks on my channel
because of you it's crazy because you
can follow me on Twitter
thanks man but I'm here to tell you that
I'm doing the transformation with you
I'm meeting all healthy foods and trying
to work out every day
I know you're a great man with a great
heart you're an inspiration to thousands
across the world
thank you fatality my number is yo I see
what our brother it's Vitaly what's good
well bro thanks thanks for your message
and thanks for being inspired I'm doing
this transformation is going to be a
crazy journey we're like
yeah where're you from
yeah were you like oh no thanks dude
yeah ha ha ha that's awesome dude well
thanks so much yeah dude I'm just uh
you're the first person actually I'm
calling I'm gonna calling 10 people to
yeah I'm gonna call 10 people today and
then I'm and then I'm gonna call once a
week 10 20 people but yeah I do and I
just want to say congrats thanks for
joining in and just follow the journey
and thanks for everything man that's a
lavatory three years ago I was living in
one of the lowest points of my physical
emotional financial life at the age of
18 I was diagnosed to be me normally
obese at 220 pounds type 2 diabetic this
was the time when I was introduced to
Yoli skeptical as I wasn't told myself
have nothing to lose nah I tried many
things um and not a single one of them
batted my health if this doesn't work
for me it's okay I'm back to where I was
where I got started I took the mindset
and ran with a program the first two
days I lost 8 pounds 2 to 3 weeks I lost
24 pounds and in 30 days I lost total of
31 pounds my doctor I'm diagnose me with
diabetes all my vitals are optimal level
up 3 months I lost a total of 68 pounds
and now I'm healthier than ever and this
picture is amazing showing the picture
look at that this is him and this is him
now he deserves a call you look off
please leave your message I guess you
don't want to talk to the tally man I
just wanted to say your story is very
inspiring I love it and if I give you a
call back from a private number make
sure you answer love you brother
see you soon hey there Vitaly chat cuds
here from Canada Edmonton Alberta I
couldn't get it I'm 22 years old 6-3 and
I was weighted 270 pounds exactly three
weeks ago I saw your video and couldn't
come at a better time
have always been active but this year
has been a struggle last year this time
I weigh 220 which was a healthy weight
for me unfortunately I've added 55
pounds over the year was pushed out of
shape this picture shown of me now I
wanted to say I'm with you on this
journey
the last ones they had a surgery on my
left leg I fastened Thome and have been
staying on my couch unable to move too
much I started working out yesterday and
just finished my session today anak
caught your video I'm excited I'm not
comfortable showing any walls my body a
searing judgement but I figure this is
the start fuck it your channel is going
to be a good support right I need
motivation let's get it love this
fucking attitude
let me see this pictures oh look at the
scars like she wasn't kidding I am bro
no lack day for you while you're doing
inspirational videos I've been
motivating my stuff to get in shape as
well I weigh 265 pounds and the moment
I'm trying to go down 200 so far I've
been lifting weights and took weight
training and wellness course and just
ended today was eight-week course and I
went from mags benching to 145 to now
185 today anyway keep up the good work
when all over YouTube videos on my
number is did it if you decide to call
me addresses here comes a pic of our
progress as well some of you those souls
this guy lives in Africa it's like I
wanna do a collab with you can you
record couple things for me ups and it
over it ok look sure
no use you me no go yes
Oh what's up bro what specimen celebre I
can't man I hope we should pick it up
you got pussy to take her
well you better eat that shit that is
awesome
that's a sick that song was cool that
was a kalanit that was actually that
actually came out free Wow
that was awesome what up bro LAPD what's
up man
are you okay oh it's us
so yes it is it's entirely bro so we
didn't know okay then I gotta go I'm
good what's up
it is me matter what you think I'm just
gonna tell you email me and leave me
your numbers I'm not gonna call I'm
gonna I'm gonna I'm I'm a hawk not
reading a little bit Oh
start reading a little bit oh I already
read it
hey Vitaly I know where you're thinking
or if this read this email is this guy
the biggest tool in the shed the cham
fighter
yeah bro happy fucking birthday bro so
you in for the transformation or what
yeah i'm doing it twice a day I just
worked out this morning and I'm gonna
bout to go back again bro I'm addicted
yeah well no I'm just saying I'm not
telling you to go I'm just saying I'm
doing it twice a day yeah it's like
already wanted room this morning and I'm
gonna go again yeah I don't know I'm a
hungry bro yeah well it's just today but
I'm just like people like like people
are gonna recognize me that in 60 days
I'm gonna get a disgusting six-pack bro
it's gonna be disgusted I'm like wait
185 last month so then I'm trying to get
down like 20 pounds
eleven but on that's only in a month
summoned do your sixty dead you know
fifty-five yeah but uh I'm gonna do that
with you you know and everyone which is
like awesome dude I'm so shot that you
like I'm talking to you right now
it's so good yeah um but yes I'm down
eleven someone like already halfway that
I'm trying to get bigger to again like
in high school I was you know playing
bass Walsh it's also you always linked
lists in and working out yeah I now
graduating college so I'm working
full-time dude and watching and I just
understand of yourself
oh fuck you that's also likes all your
stuff last week of like oh your pranks
and I was like oh my god I'll study
addicted to flash smell here's your
second Channel yeah man but I'm gonna
keep calling a couple more people it was
nice talking to you thanks for it thanks
for inspiring me because you actually
inspired me by saying you're actually
doing it so I'm going to work not even
harder so I really appreciate that thank
you so much and we'll see you at the
journey yeah thanks man happy birthday
go bye thank you so secure in day guys I
passed out and if you want me to call
more people please give it a dis log a
big thumbs up it was fun talking to you
guys and I can't wait to call you more
some of you so thank you guys so much
for watching and I'll see you tomorrow
this is 9
