what's up villains day for welcome back
thank you for watching another vlog I'm
starting my day with a little omelet
there is mushrooms onions tomatoes and 5
eggs BAM then I'm headed to the bank
because I have to a wire transfer money
to this party that I'm going to I don't
think it's a party to a party where
people drink it's a whole bunch of multi
Multi multi multi millionaires go
they're like people they're worth almost
a billion dollars $700 700 million
dollars four hundred million dollars and
it's a three-day event at this house at
the dollar beers club guys and you
listen and you take advices for business
and I have to pay a lot of money to go
to this party
and it's gonna come back to meet you at
the end because I'm gonna get inspired
I'm gonna get new ideas I'm gonna know
how to do proper business proposals so
it's a big move for me I never done
anything like that but you know I'm
learning one step at a time so yeah I'm
gonna be vlogging there too so you're
not gonna miss that I'm paying a lot of
money to be there you guys gonna get the
content for free stuff because I told
them not gonna fuck em long so it's
gonna be fun and that of course Jim some
fun activities meet up with Tony you
know what time it is it's time for a
free word cuz it's a big one
who's gonna do know how I'm gonna fit
all that in my mouth
Oh get it bro
oh wow just got to the gym and for this
transformation we're not skipping leg
day usually I do but it's time to get a
big butt I know Mike I but girls love
big butts and you look better if you
have a big back and just flat you know
you can't even go to the pool
bring me what your flat ass be as doing
so here I am with three plates on each
side when I was 18 I used to do like
seven but that's one over the 18 we're
not going back we're starting over but
yeah let's do this
Kosmic starting easy legs you look so
good on the speedo
skinny legs skinny leg progress progress
get that booty soap you get off of it
get a bro
okay
focus
this fucking exercise left a gym had a
awesome ab workout and leg workout right
now I'm headed home and actually my mom
is home right now I'm backing all the
boxes my mom is the best I love my mom
she's so great she's when I was already
leaving the house I was already looking
clean now I can't imagine how it looks a
couple hours later so I'm going there
and then after that I'm gonna go dude
sounds I'm have a big talk with dude
Suns with Yuka because I'm doing a big
stunt this month like a huge stunt and I
don't know I'm speechless like I'm not
trying to hype you up right now or
anything and you're gonna follow this
journey and it's gonna I don't know Toni
anything to say it's gonna be big I'm
nervous but I was good I was scared no
yeah and then we're gonna go to this
little new gym party this gym is opening
up so we're gonna go to the party
obviously no drinking you're the best
look at you thank you you're the best
mother in the world
say hi come on yeah come on he's so cute
you know what I should do since my mom
been getting cutting hair for like what
over like 10 years 20 years 20 years if
mama is so plump up if I open up my mama
salon and just say yo go get your
haircuts yeah would you go would you get
your most kidding I just wanted to see
what they say stupid idea haircuts by
Batali's mom
I like what did you say you hear that
it's a salad because that transformation
is going to be disgusting I hope you
guys drinking clean and good and by the
way later on tonight I'm reading all
your comments and I'm calling I'm
calling some of you might be late around
midnight but I'm gonna call you so you
better you answer but if you're watching
this already already happen so but in
the future because I want to call ten
people at a time ten people a week Tony
that's good right out of all those
submissions ten people a week
yeah Ward maybe 20 people a week but I
gotta serve my community service our
students so it's gonna be four oh that's
what that's how I kill my eight hours I
just called fans all day yeah what about
entertainer of the year
the big ones laughs and King bashes the
whole time hosting King bashes hosting
it the whole time with a microphone and
a Zetas he'll head mic where I can grab
the mic and drop it after I do the
speech bro I'm gonna dude I wonder how
many people are watching it live I'm
leaving uh-uh
yeah I'll see you I'm hopping in my jag
right now oh he's really done a soccer
game
no NBA Finals history yeah yeah but your
is there a lot of cops outside
no because they're not expecting
anything they security just gonna Pat me
down for guns and that's it
I've gone I'm going I'm just gonna do it
in the middle of fucking king Bosch
talking it doesn't have to be in a work
I'm just gonna grab it Thursday have to
half trick you've done the soccer you've
done yeah this is it isn't gonna be like
this onstage Lucas just gotta keep on
that side you're catching me in a
catching me hahaha God do it bro yeah
dude fuck alright do it revealing what's
ahead of you all right yeah well thanks
for the support
yeah
right now before you exit
what my fear is that because there's so
many talented people in this room so I'm
gonna do right now is I'm going to do
like something
Wow batch Oh
why are you garbage love me wrong
we're here to present Entertainer of the
Year please welcome to the stage the
Queen and the Chancellor of YouTube
jenna Marbles and Flula
nobody expected to see me here but what
about myself dick huh
oh you think I'm kidding oh yeah
bad host why are you garbage
love you bro I feel like Taylor Swift
so this guy comes up to me a little do I
know he has 12 million subscribers guys
I thought I was a Minecraft oh you guys
mind you probably know him what's your
channel bro sky does mine
also yeah I'm not gonna give you much
traffic this is my block but yeah thanks
dude yeah it's crazy how they try to get
me arrested well yeah those pretty he's
pretty funny and then all of a sudden
everybody was just getting all heated oh
yeah like what the hell show was boring
I didn't I didn't win my category so
yeah I was really bored yo he pulled it
off boy you got a last minute leg he got
that he got some food in him hell yeah
hurry he got it for the villains Tony I
got you bro I got it on the phone
oh that was thank you guys I was cool
how come buddy booed me Casey or
whatever but at the end of the day
everybody loved it because they all
walking past me it was good the
legendary those cool
I know ace was entertaining the show was
boring it was boring yes he's made alive
bro that was Ben hey the cops come up
doing is like what the fuck are you
doing here khattala G ha ha ha ha a
youtuber showed up in school bus Wow
ok that's as bad as they give all the
youtubers they show they show them it's
not a Mercedes boss it's a school books
their budget is super it's a million
dollar show that's what you get I know
that's like this you guys like it's a
million dollars like you crashed a
million dollars
Wow thank you so we just got to the
after-party and we're leaving cuz the
after-party is no good on it now but we
had it to wait I had it to the party for
the gym
that's where Aaron says a lot of few
girls that's what we gotta go it's so
funny how that that stream is is so
politics
that's my new chew what this is my new
gym all right
sick what what this is sick
the steam room you look you know what
you look like you look like that girl
that Kanye West music video fade
what who are you that's one taste a
piece of chocolate reservation sorry
trainer carry the trainer up the stairs
this is how you get a nice ass nice legs
from the ground up so I just got home
guys and I was gonna read all your
submissions but I'm super tired and it's
freaking uh 1:00 in the morning and I
just wanted to let you guys know about
streamys tonight it was brigde me and
that's why I made it awkward for
everybody eat it it was horrible I'm
sorry streamys was horrible and I'm no
I'm not mad that I didn't get invited
thank goodness you know why because I'm
gonna win my Oscar um um I see the
future and I look for bigger things not
for this rig the worst show
I mean look half of the people half of
the people who won didn't even upload
didn't even upload half of the people
that want produce horrible content and
I'm not saying I'm the greatest but I'm
just letting you guys know that this was
rigged it was all hot air politics I say
politics politics I don't know so yeah
but uh it's funny I don't know what else
to say but I hoped you guys enjoyed this
LOC I feel like this vlog was lit please
give it a huge big thumbs up and yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow because I'm
super tired but tomorrow I give you my
word I'm reading your submissions that
I'm calling you I'm just super exhausted
had a long day that gym is lit -
everything's lit today thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
let's see time are you ready to
transform look at his stomach are you
for what do you think about my
inspirational video of changing people's
lives and inspiring others to work out
