what's up villains another day in LA
with my boys what's up boys
what's up so ping-pong you think you're
a ping-pong champion little do you guys
know when I went to jail for Russian
hitman for two months that's all I did
is play ping-pong
so watch out like a modern ping-pong
table nice shot you can take this 35 oh
yeah like I go back kids okay then Venus
you been recording for like ever
how are you you never just you know good
13 for him wanna have to draw but the
guys don't appreciate what's more for
the toilet
curl it for me on with this boy that was
what you see 1400 667 according yours
even that like no this reply
there's no something elected
ah we had the Sun inside - aye sir yeah
order bird oh my god I say that one no
more that's it
Oh get it get it jump in the bull go go
oh my fo o PT job do we have all right
oh hey guys I'm gonna introduce you to
this guy his name is Aaron hey guys
double a Ron yeah he lives in this
building so you're gonna see him a lot
so you gonna be like who is this guy
this guy's Aaron I let me see area what
you just snapped me I have a high-rise
bike rack guys I don't know if you knew
it and people know me for that I don't
know if I should tell you on camera call
me a high-rise when you see me all right
do you know how you went take this off
for distraction and are you gonna
distract them and then he's not gonna be
able to it it's okay it will blur just
kidding no no that's not what you
thinking all right girlfriend no she's
not my girl it's lip is she oh she's not
all right he's going on full-on / mode
let's go now look we come back explain
right now look at that white team look
at look at those look at those hello hey
yo she's teeth are brighter than my
future okay
that's okay I'm playing ping pong I get
it
no I'm gonna push you to the pool no no
come here
why let me push you I can't hear
alright go go I give you this one this
one's hot are you into alright five four
five four okay I won't push you just
five four three sure okay go I'm not
gonna go - two - three - alright guys so
I know it's trying to inspire a lot of
you that's why I bloated on my main
channel and never gonna ditch the
villains so thanks for keep watching it
this transformation is gonna be crazy
it's my third day it's a little harsh
and what about you Debbie are you
transforming or you ready transformed
what are you ready to transform look at
her stomach are you for what do you
think about my inspirational video of
changing people's lives and inspiring
others to work out are you gonna do -
yes
go change are you an alcoholic dollar
gift I'm totally kidding
yeah not Debbie oh you guys know Debbie
Debbie are you healthy you're healthy
well I can tell Tony are you healthy
what yeah no Sam I kinda I love it now
we're healthy we haven't drinked in 11
days who are held via candy
I don't know don't say you can't believe
it you made him sound like a wooden
would have drinking problems we just we
just like to go out and have a fun time
so Debbie how do you feel that all the
comments last time you rode the scooter
a Segway around my house and everyone's
like Debbie's fine who's debbie did you
read the comments about yourself you did
I didn't know I didn't with you yeah are
you trying to be an actress yes no I
didn't read it
are you sure what kind of comments with
like sweet water like gold digger so you
have money oh she's good now I'm kidding
there was actually no gold digger once
but not this good comment she's like oh
Debbie's a kipper
she's cool blah blah blah but those two
girls over there I'm gonna zoom in like
a creep and these girls are actually
said she watched some of my videos so no
she's gonna watch this log and she is
she's a girl next door and she's a
YouTube channel I'm gonna check it out
till I got the pullover shows up big nig
what up bro are you lifting now because
of my inspiration it is numb Q we are in
love alright so land just shows up and
lands what do you say okay so I've been
playing with this Ouija board like all
day I was trying to shoot like a video
with it dude it is the most insane thing
ever like you you watch these movies
come on you watch these movies and you
you think that like these things are
fake but it's a hundred percent real
we've been messing with it for like the
past four hours it's crazy
okay I you know he's really convinced me
to try it cuz I don't believe in that
sorry but you know I'm gonna go try
alive yeah it didn't want to serve
forward when we recorded it it was given
us weird answers and we asked of it if
it was upset that we were recording at
slidey yes said do you want us to record
it and went to know so it doesn't want
to be
so if everything we say you know I'm
saying I just want to show you for
myself yeah like when you say it out
there's no way to prove that what
haven't happened I think that's what
they want
okay you don't want like I'll get it
I'll just try it out from our experience
and I'll tell you what experience out
there and I won't lie to you guys
trust me I want to let you guys know
something that I never played this and I
don't know anything about this how do
you even play for some people don't even
know it's quite a Ouija board when you
first play you're basically gonna like
spin us around and circle with you and
your friend put two fingers on it and
then you're gonna ask for like the
spheres would be like is there any
spirits here and after you say that if
you go around like like three or four
times you just leave it right in the
middle and then you ask again that's
what we have to do usually you ask a
couple times eventually it'll start
dragging over to like yes by itself
no your kins or on ik if you take your
hands off do you never do it it's a bad
sign like something bad might happen if
you take your hands off because I can't
move without your hands I know this is
like I started to drop I know this
sounds childish but let me try let me
try see if it works because like I
believe you you're really convincing me
right really please both take your hands
off it 3 2 1 we're going this is my
first time playing and I think this is a
joke I don't believe in this bullshit
bullshit I would say so how do I play
this ok put two fingers on here and you
put two fingers on there now don't press
it too hard because I'll spin it around
in a circle this way no you both off no
you ball on the rubber if we gotta put
the piece back on three times
is there any spirits here that would
like to contact us now Paul's in the
middle do not press too hard
say it's very spiritual is there any
spirits here not like your console they
would like to contact us you say yeah
say it louder
is there any spirits here that would
like to contact us
okay so moved locations because those
two loud nose just too much noise when
the stairwell and they said since we're
recording it's not going to do anything
I promise you guys I'm not going to like
to let me see without a recording it
blows my body you will know let's find
out after this clip is there any spirits
here that would like to contact us yes
or no smelly moving leg what is your
name
well usage
oh fuck z no no step seven tonight get Z
Oh goodbye goodbye goodbye no I think
you guys are doing this shit
no easy this is age I didn't know his
age it said it was 24 okay and only as
his middle name we said no and you don't
have Melanie yeah but I don't know how I
feel like one of us were pushing it
towards I don't know your ages or they
didn't have know me well business
Frank's gone sexual I think we can all
mass spec or not this is what doing that
shit okay we give let's give to Jim and
then he breaks it up I offer no I'm
kidding hi guys
I'll see you tonight nerds in the gym so
sure I say to the gym oh yeah I start
with my cold inside us just gonna get
sick I'm addicted to be shot
they're really good
we work out this is my third long before
the gym because my down we got to the
gym because of our my workouts right
there John so what do you have to do you
have to drink a lot a few 50s
we're not playing
peace but
yeah it's time to work out and
but you have a heart attack from that
mating for your workout it's not my own
risk
don't drink that many free workouts my
free workout in one hour
my heart is beating out I'm freaking
Julie because I'm excited about your
submission I'm excited and I absolutely
bring so much excited about it I'm gonna
sew shoulders I just define a set
the 30 stop to go big
still out here doing
I'm gonna mind but everybody's motion
estimation my son cocky you guys think
some of you guys think the real Germans
know me that I'm gonna do tracks when I
Scott but sometimes that can be used by
but right now I'm just angry
this transformation I'm gonna prove the
whole world that I can do it so can you
I'm no different just have a more maybe
subscribers some people it doesn't make
me different just a regular person like
you if I achieve the dreams I wanted you
can choose to show you how to do the
right forefront are you that confident
the fourth part yeah are you been doing
flags bra a.m. love the confidence
before
Oh
damn baby look at that ass
damn Tony I can only freakin do three
blades Oh
how many reps 15 Wow is that really love
that I'm feeling right now
Sabra what are you doing with oh don't
teabag the cam don't see back the
villains Debbie stick over vlog me what
about you do some this is my favorite
have exercise you should try you don't
know which direction he's going to throw
the legs
Oh what's up how are you hi mama what's
up mama guys save guys thank you see I'm
great thanks whoo what's up don't take a
picture is right yes
what's up what you know about Hillary
huh but you know buddy I think about
what I think about her you want Trump
what do you think what do you want Trump
to win what do you I want to show you
something yeah misty before we do the
picture no I'm not taking a baby she
with you I'm gonna show you something
let me see we have I run across the
world or the world then be a finals
Trump's talk so much just really and I
don't like Hillary neither I don't like
no picture so I got to this place where
I told you to Koya
my favorite organic place and would you
say I happen to just come home after
work last night but when you randomly go
through Netflix and natural born
pranksters was on there just happened to
watch it and here's this guy right here
send it in front of goal how did you
know you read the name or something
either breakup I reckon I mean I just
saw you miss oh yeah then I was like I
think that's lead you're watching I
watched a little honest opinion you guys
do say hey yo there so it's good it's
good you guys do some stuff in there
one with you know Dave England oh yeah
but remember because I was kind of drunk
I watched uh but it was good thanks bro
I appreciate it especially that weirdo
when you're getting snob yeah that no
doubt what that was I thought I was I
got set up for that and I thought they
set me up no you know the guy is like a
goddess
we had to contact him on Facebook he
does massages him with Angelina Jolie on
the top of Malibu mountains he's just a
weirdo yeah and I was like take off your
pants was a joke I think you fucking
take something she's a g-string yeah now
that was intense your formal acceptance
su o begs did Davey everything Batali
hmm I don't know worry
you've seen him I don't know oh my god
what's happening with you Vitaly are you
okay this is crazy
took him off weight the ouija demon oh
you're cursed bro you're cursed flesh me
one more time touch me one more time
Zozo
you gotta definitely my croissant if you
see my Palatino a cup go
I'm gonna fucking Oh I'm not gonna get
hard bro so so be careful
what
fuck your bitch whore bitch what did I
get Tony Pataki the King bubble damn I
see you what I can't hear you can I have
a picture with you so it's so funny it's
so funny how that this little energy I
was like I think they might know me like
I don't know just like I can tell
sometimes I don't know it's weird
ha let's take a picture just got back to
my place and damn just got out of the
shower feeling great um I just want to
thank everybody that came from the main
channel to get inspired tomorrow and
tomorrow's vlog I'm gonna be reading all
your emails that you submitted I'm gonna
be calling you also some of you so
expect the call I'm not gonna I don't
think can call thousands of you but I'll
probably try to go ten people maybe ten
at a time come back and call once a week
ten people but yeah I just wanted to say
thank you guys for believing in me I
believe in you guys let's do this
together and some of you guys said all
you did last year's transformation yeah
I know I did transformation last year
and I look great I felt great and then I
got a little flat again nothing wrong
with that you know you make mistakes but
this time I don't think so
so I'm super excited is email along fun
journey not really long but now it's
gonna be long if I'm gonna be do daily
vlogs so yeah please come back tomorrow
thank you guys so much for watching I
really appreciate it and thank you for
believing in me I believe in you I do I
really do I said it before in a vlog
just let a couple of minutes ago what am
i hitting up and get this blog a big
thumbs up please and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
listen
Oh
