what's up villains welcome to my new
apartment
I just been here for less than an hour
now it's telling me I have to evacuate
the building there's an emergency in the
building I don't know what's the
emergency phonemes uh because you you
have a warrant for your arrest
I guess I have access to kid welcome to
a new apartment villains this is gonna
be our apartment for the next I don't
know how long a long time my mom was
helping me unpack this is gonna be my
office BAM
this is my new neighbor shut up so yeah
yeah I'm super excited I'll hopefully be
excited as I am because this is gonna be
a journey yeah a lot of kids are gonna
go down to this apartment I hope you're
ready
a lot of what's up with you what's up
with you
bye-bye now kidding my girls over
without now that can be as loud as as
they they want to be what you gonna do
it you're gonna call a siren army yeah
he's gonna cock block you yeah goodbye I
don't think you live here anymore by
exit is this way
bye yo Tony yo I found something catch
it's a cock ring has a body so the
awkward moment is when I'm doing my
bedroom with my mom meaning my bedroom
my mom pounds they should look what is
this this is like can you discuss I
never used it I can explain that why
there's a human let's see if there's so
much there's a few grow it doesn't
vibrate dude it's literally been out of
service since 92 so I've been in the
hotel you know those hotel give fact in
the hotel in Vegas it's like a sex give
back with like reconnaissance tops okay
guys so finally after such a hectic day
I moved I completely moved not have to
organize it and it's so funny to say
after a hectic day well for the movers
for me it was kind of hectic packing
unboxing but mostly with my mom holy
shit I got scared
what's up bro sir were you but what
you're biking to found it you can't
bound to me you're gonna leave me
hanging about it
were you biking to let us know I came
from downtown wraparound and man oh yeah
motivation right here man that's right
here yeah I'm going to the gym it's kind
of same I guess in the way yeah so what
are you doing Tony yeah I'm gonna meet
up Tony right after my workout today is
the leg they say you guys know what that
means it's horrible so for some of you
guys who doesn't know Lance is my new
neighbor or I'm as new neighbor because
he really lived here look who's my new
neighbor you didn't try unions we're
gonna scare me yo I have two hot girls
living right next to my door are they 16
ah yeah they look like they look like if
I don't pretend they're not I'm kidding
good that's how you saved yourself this
all let's try the roof I never tried
that oh let me take this off let me take
let me take the bar off in the middle
take it off fighting here you pop this
on yeah I got here it's the same thing
but you can't I did go for it do it for
the blog do it again you got it oh good
this is some what
dude you should leave that in the
Hollywood Boulevard look oh oh ha but
you said you'd break dance show me a
move right now
ah life of vloggers so Lance just made
this faster I don't know how he did it I
thought already past the restrictions so
I guess this was going 5 miles an hour
now go stand and it was actually not
pulling back and look what's the point
of going like that so now I can fucking
you now watch me whip not watching hi
bro good night and I told you my room
number you good
yeah you bet you better move around yeah
I'll get it overhead anyways but good
thing that you're gonna go ahead it I'm
proud of you yeah guys so when I was in
Croatia
yeah I gotta cover up you guys know you
guys yeah you guys some of you seen this
more I got a cover but the best thing
yeah that's me
hugging a tiger there's no Photoshop use
let me see that
like I anyways but the poster of the
week because they haven't seen it
totally showing but yeah I mean I'm sure
you guys seen it
Oh where's the other one a fan sent it
to me and my mom posted it
my mom posted it oh my god my mom put it
across the whole wall it's like my life
I did this in my house Oh ask friends
like we did you she be like yeah this
would be douchey
let me find its poster in me that my mom
painted on her wall oh I wanted to be
you guys I want you to remember
Mitali is cool oh cool but a pic wait
what's a dick though did you put it in
his buddy I just put a D on it he likes
to sit on the D yo Josh this is this is
all my clothes I don't want and this is
like a donation box I figured why we
take it to uh you know goodwill when you
have you to come pick your size bro no
bro there's actually some good stuff
with tags if you want it I don't know
is that really bad well my mom freaking
offered it offered the movers that
wasn't really bad my mom was linked to
the movies yeah yeah yeah like I was
like mom no don't do that I love you
super uh dude you didn't pick any
clothes out no well I love you but they
did and they love that see you got it
you're gonna sleep in it yeah yeah let's
get frisky all right well yeah it's
right there dude doors that way you can
cook me sushi now I love it I love you
brah peace I have one confession to make
is that confession right or whatever for
them to go down and go home they need a
key for the elevator so I have to review
this every time and especially every
time a girl leaves now I have to walk
them down do like that nananana now
we're gonna have to find us so we
temporarily key
I don't know but or just stand
downstairs I don't know but this sucks
bye guys bye you're whispering actually
yeah Tony was right you don't need the
key to a friend I like it
hi guys it's not to go to bed super
tired long day it's weird to fall asleep
in your place but I'm gonna sleep like a
baby because I'm exhausted
ah so much moving but uh yeah thank you
guys so much for watching
please give it a vlog thumbs up and I'll
see you guys tomorrow your life your
choice make your decisions let's see
that
