what's up villains thank you for coming
back to another vlog today's day it's
kind of exciting well for me it is
because guess what I already told you
guys my lawyer called me and approved me
to go to the police station to pick up
my original footage from climbing the
Hollywood sign I'm so excited
I'm picking up Tony right now because
actually I'm gonna do an intro on them
for the main channel cuz I'm gonna
upload this footage on the main channel
so I need somebody to record me what's
in front of the police station doing in
the intro because I'm excited to upload
this footage I hope they didn't delete
none of it I wouldn't be surprised but
legally I believe they're not allowed to
touch my footage my evidence it's there
it's my old iPhone my couple of cameras
my GoPro my harness my flag ah I'm
excited I don't know what to expect I'm
uh um yeah let's see let's see what they
say let's see what they say headed to
the Hollywood police station right now
obviously don't answer the phone cuz I
tried to call and see cuz I'm so excited
it's hard to believe to confirm that I
could I can actually pick up the footage
but I can't answer so I'm gonna fucking
I don't know so I just decided to hop in
my car and drive and figure out my own
let's freakin do it right alright guys
I'm here back at the police station Los
Angeles Department Hollywood station oh
shit oh shit kind of message just
kidding but see what they say of course
there's gonna be some surprises of
course so they said after 30 days
everything goes in downtown police
stations so it's not here that means
it's not here
of course there's never and now it's
probably like late it's 3 p.m. so but if
I do go drive to downtown Los Angeles
right now then they're not gonna they're
probably gonna be closed but what's cool
is that you go from here to here and you
see the Hollywood sign right there a
police station the Hollywood's a damn
so I guess we're gonna drive to downtown
or actually I should cold downtown and
feed to have it because this is
ridiculous
they said it threw it away no way yeah I
don't know fucked up that's my cell
phone
my my my cameras my GoPros what do I do
that's fuck that I mean I don't know
call your lawyer tell them that they
throw away your stuff yeah no but I all
right let's call the downtown button get
all of jail it's gonna be a long time to
go to downtown especially with the trip
la traffic right now so I actually got
good news my Rolex broke three months
ago and I put it on a repair and it
finally finally got repaired so I'm here
in Beverly a rotator Drive and I'm about
to go in it's gonna cost me 400 400
bucks $400 to fix it the mechanism I
slept I slept at this girl's house and
I'm like I don't know if she's gonna
steal in the middle of the sleep so I
slept with my watch on and yeah I mean
it gets sleep with Rolex on but I don't
know how it broke anyways I'm about to
parallel park so I gotta go
is it working
it's a fake one broke broke it can never
break and they polished it looks like
brand-new that's a good point
Wow look at that all right is it working
is it ticking about the professional
right here yeah no I slept on it and the
mechanism broke apart I don't know what
exactly happened but I didn't to take it
off because it was more my girlfriend's
house and I didn't think she's gonna
destructible he just took it and you're
like not under that she's not I gotta
get a new watch bag guns if you guys
wondering what I'm doing right now well
I forgot my Rolex two hours later still
packing Mama's like usual screaming and
annoyed well I guess but she did
everything so I give her that she pretty
much did 90% of all this so I don't know
I'm just backing final moments tonight
is my last night I'm sleeping at this
house and yeah I'm just I'm just gonna
keep packing that's not enough vlog I'm
not gonna take a GoPro here in the
corner and show you time-lapse of me
packing it's very boring so I'm trying
to finish as quickly as possible so I
can move on and do some fun stuff and
end the vlog with fun stuff not just
this just had a killer workout and
unfortunately I haven't recorded my
workouts lately because I have nobody to
go with my other friends switched and
Tony I'm gonna get him a membership at
my gym when I move so we go to the gym
together so you can vlog and I can vlog
my workouts and stuff but I just wanted
to say something
on October 1st when I start my 60 day
official transformation I want to do the
serious the serious serious I don't know
how to say the serious 60 day vlogs on
my main channel let me know what you
guys think because I haven't uploaded my
main channel for two months and yeah
it's just yeah he pranks pranks pranks
pranks are oversaturated now you know
what I'll build an awesome following I
want to some people are gonna hate some
people are gonna love it thousands or
maybe millions of people want to maybe
watch my vlogs but they don't know about
this vlog channel so I think for 60 days
you
I want to do transformation because I
have nine million nine point two million
subscribers I just feel feel guilty
inside leading that channel I'm not say
I'm gonna leave this channel forever
I wanna do something else in this
channel but I want to do the 60 days on
the main channel I think it's a great
idea and if people like it I'll continue
doing vlogs but of course some of them
I'm not say I'm quitting pregs I'm just
saying basically because my main channel
is 9 million subscribers people are
waiting I think some people like it some
people will hate it and then I will
train them basically if you don't like
it they can go and subscribe and stop
watching it and the people that actually
love me they're gonna stick around so
what do you guys think leave it in the
comments let me know give me some
motivation because I love you guys and I
need your help so I think it's a good
idea I think I'm gonna do it either way
we'll see you can you can really fail or
it can be good and if it fails and I've
always this channel for the vlogs but
yeah I just in the next 60 days the
vlogs the stuff I have planing it's
gonna be a lot of excitement so I just
got to Jesse's in Gina's house what's up
guys what's up but you're not gonna
pound it bro what's up what's up girl
hey baby
how you doing how you doing so we're
gonna be neighbors
that's oh you said it - everybody says
that why don't we look more professional
I don't know this is cool right
yeah yo you know you gotta get rid of
this Sony bro and get like a yeah you
say I used to have that but you know
what I'm gonna get rid of it and I'm
gonna get that one I don't like the
audio on that really yeah and like
Pierce in my ears hello can anybody hear
me why I got shot when my vlog camera it
turned on lens that's not what lets me
know
look yeah you know how to juggle I don't
use me for your sixth edition
information starts Saturday
inspirational vlogging you guys the
curse to my blog that's not cool dude
oh you guys last night I passed out well
today's the day this is the crew day as
you're watching that's it no more house
we're moving up see thank you very
active my time and everything
beautifully and this is it so my mom
left me my proteins but mothers are your
proteins oh I don't know this is crazy
this is crazy
turn left Lance's house I was completely
completely dead but guess what I got
just now seconds ago my meal deliveries
you guys want to know what I've been
eating lately how help to have been
eating oh they're eating pretty healthy
like legit oh so much fish so much fish
look at all that food oh my god amazing
almost empty almost 70 what's up lime I
just got that
I just got cut the roads you're looking
for your good look at you stop but y'all
but listen well yeah this lately luck
it's been awesome you like this model
that I've been daily vlogging you're
proud of me the stick it's been there
really easy I don't know why I haven't
done the call was thick breaks no I
don't think it was lazy just that it's
the other no please wait talking but I
gotta you stood up at the camera you
gotta took to the camp away walk come
here let's say Greer
where's my where's this okay sure yes
I'm sure
yeah so we're gonna get rid of this
couch we're gonna throw this couch away
in that bad away so we we should do a
fan giveaway fan will give away the
couch I'll sign the claim
okay all right guys thank you so much
for watching I gotta go
please give this vlog a big thumbs up I
love you guys
I'll see you tomorrow I can't wait to
strolling through court okay it's record
I can't wait to start this
transformation on the main channel and
that's right I'm gonna do it
I hope yeah so this is the Korean day so
basically right now as you're watching
this this was like maybe 20 minutes ago
Hey No thank you guys so much for
watching I love you please do it over
and over you tomorrow let her die now
