what's up villains thank you for coming
back to watch another vlog I'm actually
doing a giveaway in this log so make
sure you stick around so that the
giveaways for my snapchat peeps that
actually went and comment on my recent
vlog but I'm actually gonna do five
things that I'm gonna give away five
games I had those games yeah I'm just
gonna scroll through the comments and
give away and don't worry guys if you
didn't win does it be more more
giveaways missing any bigger giveaways
than just these games so anyways how I'm
gonna start this vlog I'm gonna start
this vlog by taking my pre-workout and
headed to the gym after the gym I got a
pack move because the day after tomorrow
the car the truck comes and I'm moving
him to be honest I cannot wait to start
my new life in my new apartment of some
videos for you challenges I'm just ah
so some of you guys know how to do my
pre-workout I just take the scooper and
I don't put in the water put it straight
in my mouth it's uh it's gonna be a
little sour I'm not gonna tell you what
kind of rework on I take because this is
my new pre-workout I'm going to try it
out and if it's shit I don't want to
advertise it first of all it's not a
brand deal and second of all I just want
to tell you guys what up what work uh
pre-workout uptake and you know and if
it sucks so this is my first time trying
it let's see if it's good or try right
out
oh I can tell you one thing I can tell
you one thing when there's a little
scooper this small you know it's gonna
be good Oh
my vision is blurry man had a crazy
crazy crazy back and buy a workout and
I'm driving home because I got a meeting
and okay before we get in the crash it
heat us up be cross-eyed had an awesome
workout super tired
skip tops today I want set ABS tomorrow
tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow I'm
not having a sip of alcohol would you'll
have a perfect six-pack sorry I'm
spitting everywhere because I'm too
excited and you got my word I'm not
having a sip of alcohol but you'll have
a perfect six-pack and you know what
last year when I did my transformation I
didn't drink for $60 like almost eighty
days almost three months and you didn't
want to drink after you stopped drinking
for so long you don't even want to drink
so we'll see how it goes I didn't know
that India trip coming up I heard I'm
going to a crazy Indian wedding if I go
so I don't know I don't know but all I
know is that I'm motivated to make some
awesome vlogs after I move into my new
apartment so be ready
so I'm daily vlogging right guys so look
this is what my mom has been up to and
I've been doing this look how good I did
the office yo guys I think keep my nice
warm day one or two it was the vlogging
because we need to get shit together and
move on stop moving I'm not skipping the
vlogs I'm not sleeping the wrong
what might be not that interesting or
another oh it's gonna be interesting
it's gonna be interesting please because
I'm some my I know yeah she self she's
been doing this for two weeks she had to
move her apartment now she's helping me
move my apartment she's a trooper I
understand why you aggravate it you're
tired it's okay mom everything's gonna
be okay you fuck stop what are you doing
no we're gonna kill each other
whoa let's kill each other
Oh what the hell Oh B
ah can you think no please stop just
stop you disgusting piece of shit oh
sorry guys I need a food so bad that I
ran out of my house
I forgot the vlog camera I'm recording
on my iPhone and I need a burger guys
have a mental breakdown
I need a fat juicy burger ok Tony what's
go dudes through like I need a burger we
went to yogurt place right now I did not
have any yogurt I had a little bit of a
what did I have a little bit of fruits
that's not enough I think I want Shake
Shack I want a burger I wouldn't I want
to trick my body it's been five days and
it's gonna be like whoop oh shit you
gotta make this you should didn't didn't
see that coming my buddy's gonna be cold
damn it did ever let me cut the six-pack
a little faster
you know what I mean it's like your
body's gonna go oh I think he's gonna
he's gonna put greens in me a little
distant nominal with big in you so it's
like you know it's a no man I'm having a
but like ah I like I'm not gonna be able
to go to sleep Tony I am NOT gonna be
able to go to sleep like I'm vlogging
this this is my confession to you guys
I'm doing this right now
I was gonna not tell you but I thought
it was messed up I have to tell you I'm
eating a burger right now guys I'm
having a burger common whatever you want
in the comments let me know what you
think I just needed that like honestly
if you were on my shoes right now I need
a burger I'm doing good for five days
not cheating should I eat a burger
photographer a burger judge I don't
either
I'm long here ya are to make the
decision
you're right you know what you're right
that'd be a weird move you're right I'm
an you and a burger doing a burger I'll
buy your burger
I'll buy you a burger I feel like buy
him a burger because I'm cheating I got
to do something good out there I'm doing
something bad for my body I'm gonna do
something good for somebody oh that kind
of run I get a burger a burger you do
not is your lucky night we're getting
you a burger what everyone bro the best
burgers actually is basically saying
what's the most expensive
wait what is that that's Smoke Shack
what'd you say you didn't say that again
yeah it comes with bacon or cherry
peppers cheese and Jack sauce
I'll just get a kid I go to dr. Finnigan
custom a double cheeseburger with the
mushroom house onions tomatoes
you gotta trick your body sometimes but
the pretzel is for you good stuff for me
he's awesome look at this let's see this
burger you see that dynamic of this
burger and I was on what it was built it
was built on a lot of reefs don't really
need that but my six-pack right now I
think I don't but I'm gonna eat it good
you get your body that's gonna go in
shock right now it's gonna burn more
calories
Wow
you know
it's not grow I'm not gonna lie I had to
get some yogurt chocolate-chip cookies
chocolate yogurt reaches the Reese's
Pieces got 5 pounds of hot hot fudge a
couple strawberries a brown him and
that's my life story on cheesecake how
can you forget cheesecake yep this is my
cheat night
not gonna lie not gonna lie should have
listened to Tony Tony I should have
listened to you fully regretful in full
regrets I could have been more depleted
tomorrow I could have been closer to my
goal but you know why we all make
mistakes in life
okay guys are you ready for me to
announce the winners these are the games
are giving away call of duty that's
right
next giveaway will be much bigger but I
feel like I have to give these games
away brand new pack never been touched
before you guys ready for me to announce
the winners so since I cannot message
you YouTube's change their futures so I
can message your YouTube so you guys
gonna have to message me on youtube on
this channel not my email this channel
you guys ready for the winners and next
giveaway I'm going to tell you right
after those two winners alright first
winner is Joseph one zero zero nine
seven congratulations you won second
winner is Dennis Lesage congratulations
you won the third winner Ashley
Mackenzie congrats girl you 1/4 is
r√∂szke Muhammad Rose give Muhammad
congratulations you won and last but not
least is Alex for Gura you want and
these are the winners that went from my
snapchat to my vlog the vlog called epic
fail and just comment I came to him from
snapchat and comment the best part of
the vlog that's it it was simple
my next giveaway will be iPhone 7 if I
get 20,000 likes in 48 hours on this
vlog is that a challenge I don't know
it's up to you guys 20,000 likes let's
do this
give this vlog and thumbs up
congratulations to the winners if you
haven't won participate in the next one
you don't know you might be the winner
so thank you guys so much for watching
this vlog please give it a big thumbs up
20k right and I'll see you guys tomorrow
let's do diner we got a dough collab
yeah so hard all right we're doing a
club guys have got a clock coming up oh
she's like he's like today didn't get
hard anyways
