what's up villains how you doing thank
you for coming back to watch another
episode vlog of the Tally's life yeah so
I'll treat drug guys yesterday's vlog
with a recap of my Asia tour with NEMA
so NEMA left today back to San Francisco
back to the Bay Area I'm headed to the
gym right now with a gallon of water
with my cooler of food with my salmon in
there and after this I'm actually going
to a red-carpet premiere mattoni
masterminds it's a Chinese Theater in
Hollywood I'm headed there right after
it's for 21 I gotta be there at 6:30
which makes it two hours I have to at
least work out for an hour and a half
take a shower at the gym I actually have
to buy a new dress pants yeah that's my
day so far and a lot of you guys are
worrying about this transformation I did
not really like I started for me but
this isn't my like really my day 60 day
transformation but you guys are gonna be
doing it with me and I'm really my
management team is talking to the car
deal we're trying to get your guy's a
car for the first place over the car I
know it sounds ridiculous but that's
what I'm pushing for let me know in the
comments below if you're gonna enter my
contest of working out it's gonna be
awesome
sick I'm so happy that I'm gonna you
guys gonna send me to before-and-after
pictures I'm gonna get to judge and
choose a winner and it's gonna be a lot
of fun so I can't wait you guys start
this with you so I get to Tony's house I
bring my own food
Oh meal some salmon and whatever what is
that cool it's rice so I'm looking with
Tony complements me on the shirt or like
I just bought information then it's like
eight bucks and pants and I check out
myself in the mirror I'm like if this
look great as a kid looks actually nice
you know like yeah hmm seven bucks and
then he starts laughing for no reason
I don't like oh there's a reason I
walked out of his gym like this this is
pathetic dude
I hope nobody saw that Wow bro there's
nothing imagine what the red carpet like
that everybody good job bro good job we
just got to the red carpet with Tony
the red carpet bra don't know if I can
now tell you're going to share and
invited me and she wants me to walk the
red carpet I don't know bro nobody's
gonna know me there that's the point
this should I just blog but I like
because I think this will be my first
official movie red carpet because I walk
like little things you know what I mean
this is gonna be like a serious serious
one I in a bit five minutes sharing for
hooking me up well look at this so why
does my name on here so you have to walk
in front of me and let him know they you
misspelled it no whoa wow that's the
first person that actually spelled my
name right so is that gonna get these
one flash guys
one or two all right so I'm going to
wait till other people come here like
somebody that I know so I'm not as shy
no maybe I should process whatever
scratch the red carpet yes
what about to campaign and make
tired
see that's the job of a publicist Wow
she says she doesn't say no I was hey I
was in there 10 that was in the town I
did it and you know what I am gonna get
that game
yeah liquor shows up - why are you
wearing glasses why try to be like
Bieber but I have something money yeah
he has an eye infection with anyone so
I've seen but what are those how'd you
get those let me ask you that question I
got it today are those fries are those
fries are you serious I would love to
shave my 750 yeah get on her block hey
I'm gonna jump on her blog my blog yeah
chill bro I'm sweating about a shirt to
wipe your sweat yes Wow rich rich kids
problems oh yeah you got a dope music
video that you directed
we'll live on Spotify and iTunes million
and I promise you're sure I gotta share
it yeah yes
finally famous are you holding an alarm
not forget that thank you one more one
more one more
do one for the villains
come inside of working
now you and I five we've got a dough
collab I got an idea for us yes alright
we're doing the club guys are coming up
she's like you got hard anyway
about 240 well bro that's it we robbed
the bank right here check this out this
is all this giveaways to have up to this
afterparty look I can use this for a
prank I love these fake money Dan look
at all that candy damn food you're rich
we should go pick up a grown-up look at
this
Tony bro we were eating this little
munchies over there while they have all
this look oh man
sorry I'm oh oh oh God forget about it
I'm going for it okay brick of cash I
don't know what to do with it I'm gonna
go give it to a Lexy Panterra
this is proof there's a hurricane
outside the way
is
a little 360 product
mega raids on it
let's just go to the bye guys attack
wish you al
my name is Pablo Escobar Ibrahimovic
how's the dope summer party but Tony you
gotta get rough you get you in the
middle Bollywood you're gonna get robbed
bro yo that was Marilyn Manson bro he's
the fuckin right he's a legend from the
90s it was a cool vlog I got to meet
like super and Sarah messed with
Brittany Furlan walk the red carpet it
was so funny how I told them that nobody
was taking pictures like I'm the guy who
planned the Hollywood sign that they all
woke up and then the movie the movie was
awesome
those Thank You Sharon for inviting us
we had a great time hope you guys
enjoyed it hopefully I've looked in this
video George this video yeah you
directed it it was amazing you guys
should definitely check it out
George did I made an amazing job he
looks like he's next
Bruno Mars alright guys so Tony just
went home and I am driving home I didn't
drink tonight but did I eat I ate there
was a lot of tacos I eat a couple tacos
I'm not gonna lie cheap use of chocolate
I cheated a little bit but still went
crazy at the gym today and I'm just
exhausted exhausted I've been waking up
actually in the morning t8 they usually
become a ten and I'm actually working on
some pranks and
yeah there's a lot there's a lot going
on in the works I'm just just just
trying to combine everything oh by the
way guys low-key some of you guys know
probably Lexy Panterra and leave me your
comments below what I should do with her
I want to do a challenge with her and
you guys know she's a crazy dancer
that's worker but I want to do a fun
challenge with her I'm gonna think of
something creative and awesome but if
you guys have been awesome ideas feel
free to them in the comments I want to
see what you can do she's pretty awesome
no you already know it's the current day
thank you guys so much for watching and
actually you guys got 20,000 likes on
that flip the car vlog with Bradley
Martin so we have to buy a new car I
have to blow it up Russian hitman has to
blow it out he has to flip the car so we
have to go buy the car we're probably
gonna do sometime in October so you guys
reach the likes thank you guys so much
for everything what else not to tell you
I don't know about this camera I think I
might get a new vlog camera because at
night it's blurry like I watched his
vlog since it's occurring I already
edited all the vlog adjusting me you
need to make this outro so yeah it's
kind of blurry I don't know but I'm
gonna move I got a pack and move I can't
wait to start vlogging when your
apartment thank you guys so much for
watching I'm going to the gym please
give this vlog a big thumbs up if you
made it please
it's the N you made it give it a thumbs
up and I'll see you tomorrow
oh yeah I will see you tomorrow that'sa
Danya
