it's up what's up villains thank you so
much for coming back to watch another
vlog today's vlog starting is that I'm
going to an acting class and you know
what's funny about it that I've been
here for three years since my first time
taking an acting class I finally signed
up with a good casting director she
teaches the class I'm super stoked and I
don't know what to expect it's my first
time it's an 8 week course and yeah I'm
excited I'm nervous I don't know what to
expect and yeah you guys are gonna come
with me I hope I can vlog in there if I
can of course I'm gonna tell you more
things about it but yeah it's acting and
also I had to pack this whole weekend on
an impact I'm always waiting for the
last minute so I think I'm gonna do
tonight Sunday night because oh my god
this was almost good goodbye the
ambulance but yeah obviously leave
everything for last minute so tonight is
the night where asthma pack is gonna be
miserable but imma have to do it and
today is a leg day just left acting
class couldn't record there but it was
an awesome experience and lesson learned
so I was nervous to go to an acting
class I've been here for three years
living for three years and I always say
tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow nod I want to
go I've been here for three years and I
should have done this my first year so
basically today I'm like oh this is
great this is awesome people are nice
like you there's no nothing to be
nervous about and an example of today
inspirational stories that don't wait do
I regret not do I regret waiting three
years yeah I do because I'm like why
didn't I just do this in the first month
that I land in LA cuz I want to be an
actor I'm gonna take acting classes so
basically so basically whatever your
dreams are whatever you want to do when
you're scared off go do it now because
if you guys gonna wait I mean look I
waited I regret it I mean thank God it's
not too late but I don't know what you
guys dreams are but it might be too late
so whatever you said tomorrow dude today
die starts tomorrow no I already started
it I always used to say died starts
tomorrow it started it that's how I
learned you know I read a couple quotes
there
well first of all failure fear is the
biggest failure fear so if you don't try
it you're not gonna be anybody in second
Dakota I like it losers make excuses and
champions what so who are you I've been
talking about this person a lot and he
flew in out of nowhere it's like energy
travels mr. NEMA ladies and gentlemen
ladies and gentlemen that are new in the
vlog that don't know any my name and I
traveled the world as a fourteen half of
Asia we went to like seven countries in
three months it was really also now I
meet some of you guys in my life I
always wanted to just pick up and travel
and go without any cares or worries and
it was awesome to be able to experience
that with you so it was the most epic
trip ever
yeah and speaking of a trip a NEMA
offered me to go to India in December so
we might be doing India I don't have a
lot of Indian fans or you know what I'm
not gonna stop the car I know I have a
lot of media events hum of how many
Indians we are watching right now
because I'll have a lot of Indian people
recognize me that's why I'm assuming it
that's all I'm saying right now we're
going to Alex Mandela's house and Santa
Monica is gonna be fun we're gonna play
nothing beer pong with water and see who
went there boy isn't that sober game
how's your healthy lifestyle Viva I'm
focused I'm healthy I'm on the grind
things are good
oh I just got to Alex's house and this
was what's happening oh no oh he's
actually oh my god oh my god retching me
more than he's humping here Oh Oh Mike
it's so heavy to actually hurt No whoa
alex is giving me a little present look
at this what's up first of all Alex how
are you I didn't shoot this guy hey
what's up look at that Wow I was gonna
go to organs cuz I have a fitness model
coming over to my new apartment and I
want to do something like like you guys
do and the challenge and I thought you
go to get those or Walgreens a regular
pharmacy and now your face is on it Wow
I'm gonna be looking at your face every
now I'm gonna throw the Box away alright
so what are we doing today Alex let him
know I don't know what we're doing today
yeah we're doing we're doing a beer pong
challenge yeah I told you that yeah my
kinda I'm warming up cuz they're gonna
start with me so they are you guys all
freaking out of there or do you start
I'm just prepping no I'm getting the car
price because I'm doing it first place
gets rip it's a car they're gonna do
with me aneema is gonna probably judge
and vlog and then yeah cute i won
beer pong tournament professional in
2011 and i got a golden boom where he
was practicing last night for 6:00 in
the morning because you know the
champions coming and i give you that you
beat the champion so congratulations i
was the morning banana but but hey you
did okay were you playing against
six-year-olds when he won the golden
ball
mr. Alex mr. Alex I want to say goodbye
that was great bro you woke me so as you
guys know my mom doesn't live with me
anymore so check out her place your cozy
look at this miss my dogs but Tilda how
are you Tilda
by the way guys this one almost passed
away like a week you're going to stop
breathing
my mom had to give this dog a CPR poor
ed what's up how are you this is a nice
apartment wow you miss me so thank God
I don't fight anymore wouldn't fight
everyday because we're actually like
let's each other that often by you I'm
gonna see a lot of the same because
you're gonna help me move of course the
word goodbye I'm gonna go so do it
I wish you I don't get life my boy would
Edwards man by giving to speak English
what would his voice be like Edward you
think look for ma mo Eduardo my mama's
riding up to the car because she told me
to make her first left and I did was
what
what you say to the camera I was like
what she's gonna run up in the car
because she's gonna care so much I was a
good exercise good you got your cardio
in idea okay guys so just got back from
my mom's house and Nima's here and
actually for the new subscribers or
through people don't know full stories
or how it happened we want to tell you
about our trip never invent aliens
excellent adventure yeah Asia tour and
it happened as we went to witty Annan
plan nothing I went to Indonesia for two
days to do is they went to Jakarta
Indonesia for two days to do a speech
after that I decided to run over to Bali
with Kirk I went to Bali with Kirk had a
whole bunch of fun wrote jet skis what
did i do i wrote jet skis a magic
mushrooms i I just had so much fun I
Club we stayed a beautiful resort we had
a beautiful pool it Bali was just like
super super super peaceful and amazing
and just like I will do anything to go
back to Bali anyways onto the next trip
this is how we met in Thailand
Whitney much so this is me and Thailand
having fun right now I arrived on the
boat this is me all by myself
the Nima called so at the time I was
supposed to go to Bali I told you I
wanted to go and meditate for a month
and just to get my head straight and
figure out what I wanted to work on next
and you told me that you had left Bali
and you're going to Thailand and for me
to meet you in compete OPP so I couldn't
get a hold of Vitali I come to this
island with all my luggage and we're
calling Vitali I can't get a hold of him
all of a sudden out of nowhere Vitali
not wearing a shirt total island dude he
turned off his phone he's like I'm
against phones I don't want to be I
don't want to have any of this with me
and then yeah it was amazing
was amazing if you ended up coming and
we ended up beginning our adventure so
I'm Cody P we ended up going island
hopping we went parties what else did we
do I got to write elephants I met some
awesome people in Bangkok no ladyboys at
crazy slide we're just driving by from
the jungle because we god we want to see
a water fountain yes that day we wanted
to go in on an adventure and wanted to
go like right elephants or do something
crazy within the country within the
island and we on the way back we
accidentally saw that that slide that
you can go down and it was one of those
slides that you had seen on the internet
before like well these things are
awesome we go all the way down there
shoots you in the air you get thrown up
in the air and go into a deep deep pool
yeah that was awesome and then we just
kept island hopping and I was like next
up let's book something I'm like alright
what's next what's next island the key
was everything on this trip was go with
the flow Cambodia Cambodia wasn't
staying we got to the airport when they
stamped us they're like can you give us
a tip the freaking TSA the stamps our
password to get in country ask you for a
tip what yeah Cambodia was great we went
over there we went to the floating
villages the flora villagers see how
appreciate how people live there the
kids live on the water what do we drink
we were drinking cobra and scorpion
infused alcohol it was strong one hit it
tastes exactly like one shot was like oh
yeah it tastes exactly what you would
think it would taste like it was
disgusting and with that and then and
then after that we went to freaking
shooting RPGs we met some army guy he's
like you want to go shoot RPGs
nehemiah's a little more about that
story because being attention I was
looking at the guns the whole day so we
wanted to do something that was crazy
we want to vlog and just keep this
adventure going we ended up asking of
someone that was taking us around is
that we wanted to shoot RPGs so he takes
us to a gun range and he told us there's
a special guy that we needed to meet
this guy was a retired military
commander and so we went up to him and
explained what we wanted to do and so
under the table we have to pay him $400
to shoot one RPG round we get to the
location we got to shoot ak-47 RPG this
is oz by the way she went so engine
blasts
that's all for you haters hello is
anybody there
I don't think we got any haters left
this is what life is all about
experiences that you don't get to
experience everywhere and then also in
Cambodia we went to the temples where
the temples were amazing what do they
call anger anger want Angkor Wat Angkor
Wat yeah all this amazing temples and I
actually had never saw anything I'm not
into these type of table which they had
fun walking around these samples yeah it
was amazingly beautiful and so much
history behind Cambodia was beautiful
being over nice we also wanted me to
rule that everywhere we went we would
give back to the country in some way I
literally forgot about that we went to a
school in Cambodia and donated all of
them we would imagine supplies for the
kids there at this school and we're able
to give back and spend time and learn
about the culture and just kind of just
be there with them yeah that I don't
have technology in schools where kids
don't have self and we said because we
put that in the vlog they were able to
raise some money
so thank you guys for that I was cool we
had a crazy time in Vietnam in Hanoi
Saturday we're gonna go somewhere let's
just keep this thing going and then
that's when we had no plans were like
alright what's next on the list Vietnam
yeah we went to Vietnam and that was
completely crazy we went to this
underground club at 3 o'clock in the
morning and I don't we get this guy
these guys recognized me these guys
recognized all this main guy the owner
goes like who's this guy was giving free
shots blah blah so you they get to know
me we got to know them Oh
this is like some little little guy and
he knows the owner of that bar gives
order of the party and all this like big
guys arrived about all times like they
were all like listening to me this
little guy and we're just like
late-night bar and he ended up being
with the leader of the mafia and it nah
man it was crazy he turned he took care
of us
he took here's all the drinks so I mean
like their kids like you guys yeah like
it was amazing
Sammy's mom was up I mean Oh II don't
want to die that night we gots we got so
wild that I looked over and you're
you're sitting there carrying the leader
of the Mafia in your articular eye cause
he was like a little toy thrown over a
rod and also we went you with a
beautiful honey before that we went to
my child
mouch ah hauling bit like that's how he
hung out was man and Matt doe he was the
one that showed us a great time out
there oh my god his house my job
oh my god you remember the names that's
great that's awesome that was a fun
experience to get away yeah that place
was amazing it was like mountainous
village we took scooters all the way
down so we had it to a view to Mesa
waiting right now and they told us not
to show up empty-handed so we present to
you
Emiliano Bonanno the goat
his name is a gift for you the goat his
name is Emiliano Bonanno congratulations
on getting married
Malaysia Malaysia Kuala Lumpur was
amazing when we met max man TV he they
took care of us I had a fan meetup in in
Malaysia
it was amazing he was I tweeted it I
said I'm gonna set on Facebook I'm gonna
be there
well like almost a thousand people
showed up it was insane and I had never
had so much fun
Malaysia it was awesome we went to
Singapore Singapore another fan meetup I
think I like around 700 people showed up
what an amazing time oh so this is the
time what would land in Dubai so I've
been telling you tell me about Dubai for
long time and I told him that Adam
anywhere that he's gonna go he's gonna
fall in love with Dubai and we landed in
Dubai by I wonder for two days I got a
visa for two days I loved it so much I
got a visa for 30 days we got an
apartment we stayed in downtown I fell
in love with the by was literally this
close to move and you guys know how the
first time I went to Dubai was December
2004 to January 2015 and today's dinner
what are we talking about we're in
September so yeah it's like a year and a
half I went to Dubai three times
Dubai was amazing when you took me
skydiving we drove Lamborghinis we
caught a lions and tigers what else do
you remember from Dubai oh and then our
friend Steve Aoki showed up and we had
some fun with him oh my god that's
that's the first time I actually met
Steve Aoki that was amazing and then
also yes we met Sultan and that's when
Sultana showed us a great time he
introduced us to a lot of people do by
just treated us so well from their mum
Dubai Dubai
love it love it love I ended up staying
there for another 30 days or so yeah
that's why I went to the after I left to
by nima actually went to India and
that's how we're brought it up so he's
actually gone with the same person he
met in India he's actually going back
for some business now and I'm going with
Nima to India and it's gonna be amazing
well this was a highlights of our trip
let me know what was your BAE a best
part let me know if you guys watch the
vlog so from 2015 it's your life your
choice don't let anybody tell you what
to do
Nemo you got anything else to say well
yeah this trip meant a lot to me
personally I was able to just let go and
not think about all those voices telling
me I can't do something or trying to
hold me back with this trip we didn't
plan anything we just went with the flow
like the feather from first gum we just
went and because of that because of that
freedom that we had we ended up meeting
so many amazing people
nobody wants to us right now they mean a
lot - yes yes they're big like I I made
my position in life right now because
because of this trip and what the people
that I've met and that's wrong other
clothes yes that is firma that's what
other types so yeah I didn't mean to -
Robert so that's a long story that's
another vlog if you guys want it please
give it a thumbs up if you want to know
the rest of Nemo story because it's a
crazy story and yeah it's wild but I
hoped you guys enjoyed like I said if
you want to do something today if you
want to do something today and you keep
saying tomorrow tomorrow do today like
the acting class that's an example yeah
I don't know why it's 23 drop off the
clip and build your wings on the way
down you've got to do it you know don't
let anything hold you back because in
life that's all that people have is that
voice that's holding them back please
give it a thumbs up for this vlog thank
you so much for watching I love you guys
I hope you can during this lately vlogs
let us know what we should go next on
our adventure and dasvidaniya
