what's up villains how are you beautiful
day in LA and this is my first day
hiking I don't know how long it's like
this is my I've been living in the lake
for three years I think this is my third
time here but you know about the healthy
lifestyle now as I told you guys so I'm
out here I woke up on a Saturday at 9:00
in the morning
Wow it just started my homies say what's
up what's up Richie sup guys look at
that beautiful downtown Los Angeles
there it's a fall in LA and the weather
is great
life is good let's do this why we're not
even halfway we're not even halfway come
on breathe breathe you can do it bro I'm
fine I'm breathing heavy because you
know the most important required in life
is to breathe and if you don't breathe
you don't live so you've got to breathe
I'm just being extra hard
all right so you guys see that Hollywood
sign you see that D when I climbed you
know already got arrested but my lawyer
called me I'm allowed to pick up my
footage my GoPro in my head my cell
phone they took away my vlog camera so
I'm gonna be uploading a main channel
video in a couple days after I pick it
up on the police station of new climbing
and from my point of view not from the
news and yeah this is a story just one -
shit yo Chris yeah you're on the vlog
right now we're actually hiking and I
can see your house can you go in your
balcony and just wave to my peeps from
the blog cabinet to the vlog vlog all
right he's going on the balcony i zoom
in on the balcony right now he's my boy
Chris this is actually guys Nima's old
house which turbine this is what we're
through the craziest parties they have
the craziest pool and right now he's
gonna walk out into this how far is it
yeah that's as far as it goes I always
see if we see him just a balcony where
we were sitting last night talking where
we had the Mogul talk I see him that's
it all the way bro he's like right here
yeah yeah well it's nice seeing you
today huh I got your text message thanks
for everything
yo I'll take you later what I'm done hey
guys guys I don't know how many thumbs
up for this but if we get 30 but I don't
want to because they're gonna get 3,000
thumbs up and then we're gonna have to
do a zipline let's do it zip illegal zip
why dude if we do that I'll be so viral
so what is this these like marriage
things those are but ways like the
original bridge it's your friends
probably yeah there is the love interest
there you want so you want to jump this
looks like I'm sending that to fail vids
Oh what about a 360
no I'm kidding I'm kidding by the way
this place is known for a lot of how
woman I think only fell - no no no all
right all right all right all right
found it that was good balls
all right we're finished we're finished
we're all live you guys want to do it
again
let's go broke now it's hitting but no
it was too much time too much sauce
too much sound way too much Sun but look
how cool it is you just donate a dollar
there's nobody here you donate a dollar
for a water banana or a snack and you
just pick anything you want and then you
go hike we're gonna do this more often
dude this was amazing exercise now time
off not time for the gym oh my god I got
the best news ever
Wow how do you know this day will come -
Wow Wow Wow my movie our movie villains
Romans Dennis's natural born pranksters
is on Netflix what's I just been reading
all your tweets yo you're good your
movies on Netflix you movie another
movie another cuz I don't want to check
the movies on Netflix so if you guys
haven't seen natural born pranksters its
the Netflix obviously it's free if you
have an account so go check it out
awesome my movies on Netflix
what why Wow Wow speechless speechless
speechless Wow just picked up Tony what
up Tony
dude you filmed that video such an
awesome promo tour video and I never
posted it because I wasn't logging at a
time and I didn't know how people will
respond so I want you to give it to me
actually writing an insane Russian
hitman sketch slash prank you guys are
gonna be amazed I can't wait
Tony is gonna direct the shit out of it
I can't wait I can't wait it's gonna be
so awesome I'm writing
camera to shoot it is gonna be a big
project that I'm so happy because I wish
we just said Louis I can cook up look
but some of my good friend Clara came
from San Diego and she's gonna come
visit me right now and I'm not scared a
shadow I taught her to walk in through
the garage why do you leave you I'll
tell ya good friends what do you look
different is that a bad thing
my friend Tony's here say hi we're just
watching YouTube videos getting some
ideas wow you look hot
yeah you guys know I love chocolate
Tony where did you bring me you brought
it to all this delicious place ice cream
but guess what your boys came your boy
I'm not kidding guys
it might be a little weird but fruit a
fruit salad
it's midnight on a Saturday I'm not
drinking when a fruit salad want to see
the transformation starts it starts I
don't play
right sorry
that was cirque de soleil come with me
take a picture with you this guy just
comes up and checks out my boyfriend's
booty we're gonna look at his pot like
that did ya
is your boyfriend off drunk what's your
name I mean your friend my name is Bob
Saget
come here come hang out with us I'm
lonely I'm not trying to be stupid
just oh you're okay so you work or BG's
perform you that find our charter be as
proper as possible okay now your problem
oh you look like that actor from Beverly
Hills Ninja quadri not die you just cool
no I'm not calling you big you look your
hair your face yeah you know what I'm
talking about what's the guy's actually
Chris are you do look like it's awesome
I'm sorry it's a compliment actually
you about to make sure you look like
Angelina Jolie on steroids it's funny
how life works I I was filming with
youth stones and I saw on his table zero
fucks given and I was like where'd you
get it did you make it yourself like
Naga at some store and now I'm walking
by I'm getting I came to slay bitch and
then bunch today in the face I don't
know people gonna think I wanted to get
punched in the face and that gun and I
want that I don't know that I want that
we walked half a mile and look who
showed up behind us the stalkers back I
told you to stay away from me brother
you already cheated on me once I'm not
gonna do this again okay oh no he's
gonna kill me guys help me he wants to
stop me so I'm trying to be stupid I saw
my public relations teacher here that
way anyways my brother Jimmy
love you babe wait so bad I'm not mad
anyway if you could get her get it on
camera or whatever
I think the shoot that you're like
really you're hot but whatever I don't
care
peace and love yeah whatever I wouldn't
be smart about cover none yeah I'm kind
of it's me I said it I'm hot just say to
the camera
we're gonna I guess I'm too big to say
that well bend over
I gotta go guys I got asthma slug before
it gets out of control
guys that guy was a little drunk and he
was creepy he's like put that footage in
you to put up with a genie to like I
will
he literally walked half a mile and was
stopped at the at the lighting he just
pops out of nowhere cause I can just try
to save Davey David love you David if
you're watching this David call me maybe
we'll see each other again
bye we're having a nice walk home and
it's pretty nice it's pretty chilly
three times you're there awesome
Roach oh shit oh we just saw two big
hissing roaches and they're scary they
just curl up on your ear guys who
actually made it home almost Wow
I'm proud Tony oh two and a half miles
those the longest walk I've walked in a
while I love it reminds me of Russia or
never reminds me of New York I just walk
and walk so it's a great day guys if
you're watching this right now this
family was filmed an hour ago cuz I'm
about to upload this log already edited
but I need to do an outro I passed out
last night and I just want to say thank
you guys so much for watching this vlog
I've been doing these daily vlogs and I
can't skip any more because I made a
promise on Twitter if I skip a vlog I'm
gonna get in my bathing suit I'm gonna
get wet and I'm gonna have my mom beat
me with a belt and it's gonna hurt if I
skip a vlog so if I want to skip a vlog
I need to make Anna if I want to skip
one vlog I need to make an announcement
that we can advance so it's not just
like you know I don't know where you
don't see a vlog because I'm really
gonna be dedicated especially in my new
apartment I can't wait guys I know I
make promises but yo yeah I want to say
this promise publicly so I actually
follow through because this is fun I
like vlogging I like connecting meet you
guys I love reading your comments every
day so thank you please give this log of
big thumbs up if you want to see me
daily vlog and I'll see you tomorrow the
season
