good morning ages whoo look at that that
broom Vito what's up villains welcome to
another vlog another day in Egypt it's
right in early 6:45 a.m. crazy to see
all these people all these people the
whole world is going to work well half
of the world whatever this morning time
but yeah we have a full day in front of
activities I don't know what to expect
I'm not going to say anything what we're
doing he's got to get a follow along and
find out for yourself thank you for
coming back and watching let's do this
laughter you saw me that those goes out
good morning sunshine what it's a great
layering you wanna look at it then the
six of substrata we go wow what a great
light what a great like half of shade
have a look she's cute
hey this is not big Busboys 3 we are
doing this Mario yes Mario Mario I
watched all the clips from yesterday's
vlog and you were making faces in the
background that Saturday so after two
hour bus ride if not three we mean into
the middle of no cooler and there's my
new friend Mario I'm not he's from
Italia Nepali Nepali on my promise from
anything relevant how it is I'm family
hey my friend it's Holi
Mario you wanna kidding it do you want
to get knocked up Acharya oh my god yeah
not even anyways we're gonna do closed a
fun of adventures don't know where
you're gonna take me I don't know one
thing I'll take you if I kill you right
now nobody finds you
that's an emirate was
yeah I wouldn't be surprising these guys
gonna make a little point a minute
looks like
we're in the middle of nowhere God like
in the middle of the desert in the
middle I don't know I told you boss if
your nest right here and nobody will
find you now are in the middle of
nowhere but now it's so gorgeous and
beautiful so tell me why was this
Knightly be an ocean and then that ocean
dried up we want to try it out knew
where whales living in that ocean so now
when it dried off and died and then
we're going to walk over this couses
right here right like you Wow this is
Wow this way they're dead
ha ha wow what a clean camera bags nice
guys this is breaking news I just caught
jail virus we just natural habitats this
is behind the scenes of jail doors magic
Instagram photos exposed exposed exposed
I don't know if I'm a dumb user was but
oh there's a horse we see people we see
people oh my God we're not alone
Oh Marsh oh oh
I'm the fucking thinking is the car flip
over
if the car flips over really sad so
we're just in the middle of the desert
and it's a little challenge of the
mean-free empty how much is it how much
is rent here it's free bro no excuse me
we're literally still in the middle of
the desert
whatever what were the payment payment
not an open like look data legit video
sir Holly just asked as a to enter the
ship definitely free
how much is rent my miracle is trusting
the zip line that's attached to one back
of one car to another guys look at this
is a supply has a long column on top
Wow we were you are Wow what we got here
oh that was the main Russian you guys
making a little taco claim is holly
lives
Holly kind of fast oh you serious right
now bro at least I don't look like from
commercial 100 starving kids I asked you
to toys I do what is all my googa honey
it's like honey
whoa black honey yeah what are you doing
relax rubber Cup oh my god what do you
think you're freaking terminator relax
dude let's take some eat up I don't know
what to expect
it's Wendy this is my first time but I'm
going
struggle how did that
all right guys it's ten o'clock in the
morning the next day I decided to split
up this vlog it's kind of two days of
film hatty from anger we're going
through now on the Red Sea goona on the
Red Sea Jay is still sleeping which
course to leave at six o'clock in the
morning get some silence yes it's 10:00
it's 10:00 what a waste of a day right
well we're going to won't go away cos s
up right now I'm gonna go chop our bag
wake up Lovett gonna do what so check it
out bro draw everything it's me yeah who
is there you ain't no eater are we doing
today Vitaly well I don't know you tell
me where did guna which is by the Red
Sea beautiful place
lot of yachts a lot of water sports a
lot of you name is this way too close I
feel like it's all up in my cellar now
ski we finally finally let's leave at
4:00 in the morning it's 1:00 and
afternoon that means how many hours nine
hours what are you guys doing what are
we about to do anything not even hang
out all of us we're about to you guys
look beautiful I love it no I don't want
to die nijam let's go hahaha
I'm gonna climb I got sandals on I got
excuse me
alright guys thank you so much for
watching the foyer man in it right now
you want to find out what happens and
with a later vlog find out tomorrow blog
on serious Mel I'm in love in the Egypt
thank you for having me thanks for great
food atmosphere your pyramid desert
everything and the culture wait wait
wait I didn't say the Sukanya don't
forget to thumbs up the vlog and I'll
see you next time we'll know tomorrow
the Sudan yeah
