what's that villains thank you for
coming back to another vlog beautiful
day in Los Angeles and guess who's
filled with me this girl mrs. Debbie we
headed to the gym right now first we're
gonna get some breakfast but then Jim
Jim is every day that's it that's it
that's it that's it it's time but you
know it also it's time for our nice
little car wash my car is so filthy
disgusting so thank God while I'm at the
gym working out downstairs in the
parking garage you can get your car wash
so I'm gonna do that and I don't know
it's Friday your boys not drinking
somebody's calling and Christians
calling you I hope it's something good
what is this it looks really disgusting
Jason try it
what is in it I think spinach and kale
and some other group
Calla lemon I love lemons if you guys
are know one thing
I eat lemons
oh my God look at that chicken tomato
onion mushrooms everything Wow way here
we go
you're not gonna eat all of this right
because I'm gonna help you try where'd
you say you can't fit in your mouth yeah
what are your mouth open or why okay
guys I'm gonna tell you something so one
thing you didn't know that is that she's
making me carry her bag because it's
heavy I understand I'm a gentleman I
need to help a woman out but you know
what they do Malaysia what you know what
they do Malaysia I don't know if a guy
no no no if a guy if a guy carries if a
guy carries a woman's purse and other
guys see him they come up today I mean
they pie in the face because they're
bitch
no are you making me your bitch these
are the visual gentlemen is that what it
is yes use a sculpture okay yeah no yeah
we're not in Malaysia right Syd no no
but no no but no it's cool I'll hop rod
the bag gets pretty heavy what are you
carrying there so many things
how many how many toys you got in there
just three it's like a feels like a big
black cock in there so I'm waiting on
Debbie to change and this is my
pre-workout since I ran out of my home
free workout I had to get a bottle
stopped at the gas station get a bottle
and this beats tag it's pretty good it's
a lot of chemicals some people don't
believe in pre workouts I love it makes
me sweat because I don't sweat at all
so 300 mg caffeine 300 milligram it's
pretty good not bad mmm that'd be if
you're naked I'm just walking in put the
camera need to be on camera naked you
ready baby she hiding Debbie why are you
oh okay you're naked Oh
mm-hmm now you're here boring right here
right there that's the dream house look
at that house it's so beautiful it's all
glass and there's a roof deck that
overlooks the whole sunset in LA and
it's just amazing I wonder who's staying
there right now he's awesome
how much do you guys think the talus is
like whatever we're talking about 30 mil
20 mil I don't know what do you think
take a guess yeah because I want to look
it up later online
33 million no it's to expect I'll buy
that tomorrow yeah right I love how we
went to the gym then we went to eat that
I had to wait for her to go change it's
been an hour and a half my car is clean
my car is ready to be picked up because
they close at 5:00 p.m. it's now 4:45
and let's see my car oh yeah oh nice
hello look at this oh yes this looks
beautiful
nice nice like brand-new sick sick sick
sick thumbs up so after I moved to my
new building I'm gonna do everyday
workout but for now you get a little
tease today I'm doing back I'm just back
I did I'm weep how do we know what's the
wait but I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do 12
for 4 sets
now you go look you only want to do only
one insurance they want to describe all
you do is all you do all you do it is
one of the spots are not massage I don't
know if a massage maybe later a couple
of massage yeah you want to get a
massage with a happy ending or without
without or you can go with and me all
right so I get my meals in tomorrow but
today I don't want to cheat so I'm gonna
go get a meal from this place it's just
you go in and set pre-made meals but the
real real meals I get tomorrow but I'm
just driving by on sunset and then I see
myself it's not a show off I'm just
proud of this moment it's just crazy
coming here six years ago being like I
wish that was me one of these days on
these billboards look how huge it is
back to back it's just crazy that I'm
proving myself that you can really
achieve in this life anything anything
you want this is insane and I know I
said it many times in the vlogs I'm
gonna say it again
to inspire you guys whatever your dream
is just go for it I think it's it's it's
ridiculous and I'm gonna set new goals
for New Year's and for my birthday and
I'm gonna announce them later these
goals and I'm gonna achieve them and how
because I'm gonna document and you guys
gonna be my friends online and then
we're gonna see this you guys are
hilarious I just have time to read your
comments you guys saying Vitaly keep the
camera steady Vitaly your camera is
worse than an earthquake let me know if
this vlog is better with the camera
shaking this I'm gonna try to take my
time to swish it show you what kind of
food I got this is the food of God BAM
this is what I'm eating for dinner
tonight
zucchini or herb roasted chicken blah
blah blah and then this is my favorite
focus that's right baby
hey guys so a lot of you been asking me
a question hey Vitaly were you in
Drake's music video with Lil Wayne hella
yeah fucking right video and yes I was
today we're gonna talk about that I
never really
confirming it was me but all the
comments in the comment section I
believe is a Oh vitally vitally I was
doing extra work in Florida extra work
was doing his uh I was getting $70 a day
to be extra in the background of movies
music videos projects so they like we're
looking for Jewish people to be casted
in this music video so it said I have a
big nose
why don't I pass it and guess why I
passed it as a Jew so I'm gonna show you
guys some clips from the music video
here are the commercial but we still
make later date night after my session
she came over I was a breakfast man she
was sober I gave her pills she started
confessing
yeah that was me that was 2011 2010 it's
funny I feel like a superstar after that
in high school everybody was freaking
out and also a lot of you guys been
asked me if I was in pain and game the
movie with Mark Wahlberg and Wayne
Johnson the rock and yes I was it was a
Best Supporting Actor she don't want to
ask her check this out yeah that was me
yes I did this two days ago and I really
didn't want to show you this footage I'm
really like not upset about it
it was very idiotic of me to do this
played a beer bottle roulette I lost I
followed the rules
I had to smash the bottle against my
head yes a real beer bottle so I
couldn't smash it you guys gonna watch
it later in the video I couldn't Smasher
we all have to smash it ourselves
I couldn't smash it sort of let you guys
smash the bottle and honestly like will
I do this again
hell no mom I'm really sorry I know
you're upset here I apologize in front
of a thousands people
I'm sorry I will never do this again it
was stupid
guys please don't repeat this at home
just give it a thumbs up for me doing it
it's just and please do not try this at
home this was done not by professionals
this was done by idiots and here's the
footage I really didn't want to put in
the vlog but I did please give it a
thumbs up for this it's crazy but never
again you're welcome so I don't have to
explain to you guys this but we're doing
glass bottle ahead smash roulette with
these these are some of these real
bottles some of these what are the sugar
sugar yeah movie glass yeah so we're
gonna play the roulette we're doing a
Facebook live right now I don't know
what I'm so scared of this I don't want
to slice my head I don't want to walk
with a bump I don't want to just bleed
out of my head we're alive right now
we're on camera oh yeah that's it so
nice clip is we're gonna play
you guys the villains and the Dudesons
fans are commenting are the commenting
which number she would pick and I'd
picked number seven it was a sugar glass
bottle she a big number a your people
read what's happening to you you ate bro
stop now this we chose number nine so it
is nine what is it gonna be what's under
one more person has to get a real bottle
go you go hey she looks nervous
this is your real model how many viewers
how many viewers these guys here's Yuka
oh my god
oh man so what so yeah after that clip
actually Joey stopped recording the
camera because I pretended I fainted I
fell because my plan was like old they
hit me hard with the bottle I can
pretend I had a concussion and passed
out but I didn't sell it I tried to sell
it and they were like laughing trying to
get me up and just didn't believe it so
I just stopped laying down and I got off
but Joey with my vlog camera stopped
recording because he freaked out so I
have nothing to show you the footage but
I think I'm useless Channel there's more
and everybody was calling me out I was
like yeah I wanted to faint and it
didn't work so anyways that was it never
again thank you guys so much for
watching this vlog please give it a big
thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow
that's it
