once out villains thank you for coming
back to another vlog today I'm here with
my mom what's up mom if you guys been
gone a few guys been wondering where I
was I was in Vegas I have some awesome
couple clips from Steve Aoki's house
that I want to play in a minute but
right now we're gonna head to look for
my new apartment she's gonna help me out
well not really she's gonna confirm
which she probably will uh it's been
bothering me for a long time
I want this apartment I don't want to
move anywhere else and I'm just gonna go
there move there for my happiness
because I know if I get that move there
it's just a layout for filming videos
where everything is just really good so
I'm super excited we're headed there
today's the day it's a big move what's
not villains I don't know how to start
this vlog yeah I'm in Vegas but who
cares about Vegas I'm at Steve Aoki's
crib watch this that's right what's up
Mike Mike the Kinect got us what's up
dude we got a photographer here we got
Kirk here this is dope the pool is 15
feet this is the deck this is a skate
park this is insane I'm gonna do a
gainer I have to do a gainer I'm not
just gonna jump yeah oh yeah look look
do that right now but the carving is you
guys doing yeah we're doing stuff
tonight so you got to sign off Mike what
are you making a sign well in our NDA
forms make sure that it's y'all I'll
give her or anything y'all can't take us
for about ten million okay yeah you know
you're about to do something crazy so
yeah I got me I'm going to make sure
that when you're great you're Nick we
don't have to I'm diving it's really
actually Ben he's gonna backflip off I
do I bet him $100,000 and I don't think
I'm gonna do the it's too high who put
that bidding yesterday I see somebody
put a Benny
oh so where's the man himself where is
the of course he's working always
working right what's up how are you this
is your studio huh this is dope man do
you track stop guys this is crazy
show yourself so Steve Steve is coming
so Steve is coming to LA and I think a
couple weeks but if you guys have some
dope ideas we should do together comment
below let us know she would bring a DJ
should we do a fun challenge what kind
of challenge let us know we want to do
something crazy shit so we just got to
the pool and yeah so tell you a little
bit about the pool well yeah so uh I
built the deepest pool in Nevada
specifically because I want to make it
safe for when you jump off the top on
the third floor uh-huh and now you could
do all kinds of dives backflips gainer
it was that for babies yeah this is for
this is for him and this is for Kirk
yeah yeah aye Kirk you go first I'm a
little scared
no for real go first Mike welcome up let
him jump I'll film from downstairs or
I'll film from upstairs oh look out now
you go in first I go for it
I go first no I'm not scared are you
gonna laugh at him that's all let go
first come on Normie I'll warm me up cuz
I'm gonna die of a thing I think go it's
okay I walk him upstairs I'm gonna go
with her yeah yeah yeah
does scare I'll stop it for you getting
your aw hell yes come on Kirk warm up
with this warm up show us what you got
come on you're gonna come to the house
with the ramp and you're not gonna shred
this is hilarious let's see this with
socks on oh are you serious you're that
confident
whoa look it sure
Dobie can you do blunt to fakie you got
to get in the pool nice comfortable cool
jump off uh-oh look at this tank just
look at this Wow how long did it take
him to build it
do you know month ah he's about to do an
interview so we're just gonna hang out
here this is insane look at this
Wow such a fresh house like the
paintings this is dope Mickey Mouse got
eaten by Python that's it sick Wow
what did you say about this pin believed
done by a fans 5 hours a day for 30 days
straight I believe for Steve with a
pencil with a pencil yo got a pencil but
this is what's beautiful art this is
crazy I want a house like this this is
very inspiring very so Steve had an
interview and it took longer than I
thought but we had to leave because we
had dinner reservations so uh would you
think Kurt that house is amazing they
saw you coming back Thank You Steven
next time I'm coming back I'm doing a
gainer so yeah go let me know guys in
the comments below what you want to see
from me and Steve collab he's coming to
LA in two weeks here I'll talk Hunter
gainer oh oh oh all right just got to
the place and what do you think mom this
is much much nicer I look here she's
here you're going through the closet
look so this would be the master bedroom
right here a bathroom look at this Wow
look at this walk-in closet
office looks like your boy signing the
lease with our apartment
Oh God we do that pull the bike possibly
look at that pool hmm
you ready for what Jonathan's invisible
so while I'm waiting for my credit to
get approved we just got to the
healthy you ready to you is your first
time to eat here try you gotta try it
try
put some hot sauce i hot sauce with him
literally even like chocolate
hopefully we'll get approved which I
will and that's in game on well all
stress the size finally nice time to
pack now it's time for the fun part but
it is actually pretty fun because I
don't get to do it she will do
everything you love to move you I love
to I just moved I'm so tired
every time every time I have enough
every time I have an apartment every
time I'm an apartment and I like you
don't have to clean don't worry about
cleaning I'll get a cleaning lady to
clean every time I go on a trip she goes
to my house and cleans it that's why
they're not giving her a second key
there is no second key yay I'm gonna do
as a permanent guest so when I have an
access to your apartment no morning
beacon oh yeah well I got to pull there
I got the gym I got the movie theater
room you can actually go on the movie
theater room and play playstation on the
big screen you reserve and be cool I can
do like screenings would like maybe if i
ki it it it's dope so I'm pretty excited
now it's time to back
but just got back to the house and I'm
gonna miss this place no not really
I'm not it's halfway empty it's too big
mama moved in closer to the ocean gonna
collect some boxes uh hold some boxes
throw something uh throw a lot of things
that were a lot of clothes have so much
clothes to donate it's insane
these are words I'm actually gonna hang
this time at my house like these little
things you know it looks nice
I'm gonna put them around the house and
yeah let me see what she's done what are
you doing I'm chilling here writing some
ideas down and my mom comes back so
pissed what happened mama you were Time
Warner for 45 minutes 45 minutes why'd
you go already dinner numbers for
numbers whatever she can she said can
you spell it
wait a minute should I spell your digits
are you fucking kidding me oh don't you
guys I'm starting a 60-day
transformation last week and yes I
didn't forget that I'm still working on
the plan but yeah the first place is
gonna win either a lot of money or a car
we still haven't decided we're talking
to the company right now but it's going
to be an awesome 60-day transformation
you guys gonna sign up and you guys
gonna have trainers help you online what
things to eat and stuff you guys gonna
do with me and it's gonna be the best
thing ever because I'm gonna inspire
thousands of people to work out with me
and it's gonna be awesome cuz yeah I'm
going to the gym crazy like this is my
first gym back in two weeks and I've
been slacking I'm not gonna lie but in
this new apartment I want to start in
your life like in the positive way so I
just want to change things up and yeah I
think I'm gonna come into daily vlogging
I know it sounds crazy and it was like
hall talk will give it to Ally five days
by anything like I do or something
contest if I skip a vlog I do something
with a fan or
caught off my ear but yeah I'm excited
let's do this so I just got out of gym
and guess who I met up with you with
your boy Tony Tony's been working on the
YouTube project a long time you can take
your project for two weeks so now we've
just got some about to get some noodles
and after noodles we're gonna write AES
Festiva yoki and send it to him because
you are your chemos like the lab with me
next week and as already asked you guys
comments leave me
let's do a crazy challenge with steve
aoki but I think I think I know what I
want to do with him I don't know is he
crazy I'm nervous because if I do a good
video with steve aoki every DJ was gonna
want to do a collab so I want to you
know impress him and impress you guys I
want to be something though I don't know
why I got so windy in LA literally like
I don't know where it just got so windy
and cold but guess what this is my first
car guys if you guys wonder what was my
first car toyota celica it took it was a
about it for $1,900
it took me like I don't know how long to
save servers money that was my first car
and right when I got it a week later
transmission broke it was another $1,600
it was just like the most horrible time
ever ever ever and then you come far in
life and then you get cars like this so
never say you can't I thought I was
gonna be driving a car like that oh you
wouldn't call them what you would know I
mean you said me so I touch it something
yeah let's do it
and now he's you and your fucking boring
but oh did you hear her I invited her to
do something fun for the vlog and then
she's like you brought me on this couch
in your boring yeah nothing come on you
really think we're gonna vlog you really
think I brought you here to log oh this
was a trick to bring me over that's how
you do that Titus or not everybody is
warrant this is a trick it's rigged for
me tally to get girls to his house no
but a sister we try to do a funny
challenge we're gonna think of something
in three two one
just get on down here hold my hand
you're on it get on get on no you're
like okay no okay no excuse me
I'll have to stop leave back leaning
forward I leaned back to stop yeah like
oh but saw why you bent over you bent
over what straight okay that's it okay
all right okay so stop me nice yeah
that's how you turn and you can't fall
off of it good job that's the challenge
today we're gonna learn how to ride a
Segway with Debbie wow you're really
doing good free first up Oh
so you're from Belgium yes
okay guys do we have any fans watching
from Belgium if you're from a fella way
from Holland
oh well we got a lot in orange in orange
because it's a color from minutes okay
miss World Cup let's welcome this sure
that's the look you got it Wow you know
what whoa yeah you might be better than
me I new challenge we're gonna ride them
naked look up you're better than me look
how fast Wow you like it
you're gonna ride it all night you're a
trooper oh my god by the way guys in my
new apartment I'm gonna install this
Ferrari simulator it's something Crazy's
for the guests I actually have room in
my new apartment so what I'm gonna do is
yeah I don't know I'm gonna do it what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna install it and
maybe I'll get a fan to come over and
ride it so it's basically like a
simulator it's like an arcade you drive
it and it's like vibrate it's crazy so I
can't wait to install it I'll be waiting
for a while so we're here chilling and
Debbie has a nice little idea she wants
to waxed me right here she's like you
have too much hair I was like I wanted
to shave and she's like nah why don't I
go wax I'm like well let's go to
Walgreens I want to clock in the morning
and they can have something to actually
goes yet they can have it so you're
about to ask me is it gonna hurt mmm
let's do it okay round 1 let's go
just do it and by the way yeah I'm glad
I started this transformation once again
I need to get ripped I got the mass I
need to get ripped but anyways let's
talk more action let's do this
I was this oh my gosh good for you like
it 3 3 hello 2 1
rapid faster that list is there any hair
yes they're lovely but now your hair
look at me look pink we do the only one
the other one now can do better but it's
creepy like fast okay like yeah okay
use both hands if you have to just don't
fall looks like me I'm gonna stand a
boss because there really hurt okay
three two one no I give up ah this one
hurts Allah because they rip it out a
lot I remember when I went back Singh in
2011 oh she did my nipple ah you know
why but is there at that yeah they give
a lot off but we don't worry to hate it
worked up yeah there we go
ah now it's coming up you see it's hard
to breathe let's give up oh my god
thank you so much for watching this vlog
don't forget your life your choice make
your own decisions and I love you don't
forget to thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow
that's yeah that's it say oh that's okay
let's see that hold on - it's all
plastic is it really yeah
