tonight
being seen
hey what's up villains thank you for
coming back to another vlog and the vlog
starts like this yep I wasn't kidding
she's moving BYE MOM
it was nice knowing you for a year man
I'm excited you're finally moving you
can move on to the better things in life
Thunder you're happy no I'm gonna go
look for my new putter in a while guys
if you would here it is how he yells
like like screaming in the middle of
nowhere like if me bold nothing just
start screaming we're driving around
right now and tried to find a place but
I think I know what kind of place
someone like my last apartment if you
guys don't remember it was decent it was
big but I think this apartment I'm gonna
get like a resort apartment I'm gonna
get like with a pool with the gym was
like a theater room meeting room like a
big and like we're young people last
time I was an apartment it's a lot of
old old old people lived and I don't
know I just want to switch it up a
little bit I'm looking around Hollywood
and also I don't know who follows me on
Twitter but I made an announcement
that's soon soon I mean like a week or
two I'm starting my 60-day
transformation but there's a catch who
wants to date with me is Jenny with me
and guess what there's gonna be first
place a lot of cash
second place cash and third place cash
but first place is gonna get it a good
chunk of cash it's a 60-day
transformation and it's this company
that I'm gonna partner up with I'm not
gonna tell you who yet because it's
gonna we're still working with so
figuring out how we're gonna do this but
I'm really excited to announce this is
gonna be 60 days I'm gonna be filming
myself in the gym every single day yeah
my mom moved out I'm gonna live on my
own again finally can't wait so much
stress living with her you know how
parents are but yeah I think I'm gonna
look for a two-bedroom apartment and
like I told you guys before one glass I
want a glass wall I'm tired of like I
want Sun light energy during the day
into my room
to bring energy that's what I mean yeah
I want sunlight into the living room
natural sunlight into a living room to
bring energy I said I meant to said but
and I'm going to Vegas this weekend for
Olympia and I'm going to Vegas for my
last rager
I'm going out there me and my friends
have got a suite and I'm gonna rage rage
rage my last rage before the 60 day
transformation because you guys know
what it's transformation to take it so
seriously I don't drink I don't go out
I just eat super healthy and live in the
gym and most of you guys are gonna do
this with me and I'm super excited and
thankful that I have you guys let's do
this
so I don't have to put this guys but
this guy is messaging me on Twitter a
fan and he really wants to meet me he's
from Amsterdam and what got my attention
is he didn't stop messaged me like
literally was like over 100 paragraph
paragraphs and he freaked out he's like
this sucks people live in California get
to take a picture with you every day I
flew all the way from Amsterdam I don't
know what I'm gonna be back over in
America and I felt really bad because I
saw like the guy that really wants to
meet me and just something caught my eye
his message and I was like you know what
let's meet this guy so I'm about to go
meet him right now and this is uh I
don't say this oh he said that I
inspired him to make a youtube channel
so he now he has 400,000 subscribers and
he was just like freaking out he's like
the socks man I'm gonna be upset if I
don't take a picture with you I want to
talk to you you inspire me like you my
number one like literally gave me so
many compliments those like I have to
meet this guy so what's going medium Hey
look good is it's your boy look at this
guy you met me before though though did
you meet me before now you didn't marry
did I just wanted to meet yourself
that's cool man all the way from
Amsterdam I was like maybe I'm gonna
meet him here you say you started a
YouTube channel because of me how many
subscribers you guys hundred thousand
subscribe
I'll dice all Dutch Holland there's only
70 million people that's crazy guys over
I don't know
but listen just a little inspiration
yeah you didn't believe you're gonna get
them any subscribers or you started you
know I looked at you I looked at the
pressure I loved the French I love it I
was always like laughing and see just
believe it I gotta take my cash you went
to she went to make a YouTube channel
now he has 400,000 subscribers and he
keeps going I keep going man I keep
going and I will never stop and this is
the reason why this is what's your name
Kevin I see a brother yeah you guys kind
of look alike so just got home and as I
said look at this German crew flew out
what's up guys
look at this vlog camera what kind of
camera is that Sonia for someone so I
have a lot of German fans can you tell
them where it's gonna go you guys let me
know in the comments below if you guys
know he says cuz I don't thank you guys
so much for watching this vlog please
come back tomorrow to watch another one
I'm gonna try to keep these daily and
yeah the moving process I gotta move
gotta move but give this vlog a big
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
listen
