what's up villains thank you for coming
back to another vlog today there's gonna
be a very special day today I'm working
out with Bradley Martin for some of you
guys who don't know Bradley Martin is he
has a youtube channel he's a bodybuilder
and he's about to crush the workout or
he's about to crush me I don't know but
I'm super excited I'm picking up my boy
Richie Richie's gonna help me vlog
because Tony is busy with another
YouTube project so and Richie wants to
work out so we'll see we'll see if we
can't handle this workout I actually
haven't been to the gym in a week and a
half so I'm gonna be super sore and
we've been trying to plan this for a
while now we'll be like you were
scheduling rescheduling but today's a
day we're going right now we're like 20
minutes away and I'm excited Gold's Gym
more Hollywood so just got to the gym
here you go it's up Bradley
hey okay so what it's guys it's not what
it looks like this is the Esprit one it
looks like this is this pre-workout I
have never seen a pre-workout sample
like this why is it so much wipeout or
tell illiterate this is the first time
they're ever gonna see some legs but the
reason why it is so much is because it's
actually a legit pre-workout okay yeah
it's not just like a little how much to
try guys yeah you let them know how you
like it
companies like we're not even out yet oh
yeah so I'll prove it if it's good or
not it's probably gonna be good
I haven't drink the pre-workout in the
week and a half because I haven't worked
out so anything right now probably works
it's pre-workout is round one
right there
are you in the rush it's a rice
Oh
goddamn boy
to have introduced
oh yeah
Oh
so that's it
Wow I didn't beg her about that she
always push yourself always
did you say you can do this
he's very intimidating
next exercise is dumbbell incline the
club decline incline in club in fine so
we're showing you our chest workout his
chest workout I'm following in BAM easy
softer flat what did this tell the
viewers would you sad face
oh yeah yeah no these dumbbells are
having it's like in different games but
they don't count so it's really like 85
see anyone
you know I mean I'd go man
hello from the other side
Oh
Oh
Oh
you're like a blogger pulls it out I
have a video he's doing riflemen small
chicken
I was
just had an amazing workout great
killing a chest time for some sushi but
before sushi we're gonna test out this
we're gonna see if you can pick up my
car I don't know how we got into this
conversation the bag does look heavy but
I'm not the front the phone is kind of
cool
the engine is in the front yeah I don't
know it's all plastic is it really
alright guys we just had a bet he
couldn't lift up my car because of the
bumper it's too sensitive like you're
gonna rip the bumper what'd you tell
your viewers we're doing so the villains
can go out there to your channel and
help him out so what we're gonna do
right oh shit they're gonna come fucking
it's gonna be like ah so we're brain we
should have been a 50,000
it's gonna be I've already made it do
$40 okay 40,000 likes he and I will go
buy a car I'll lift it I'll flip it over
we're gonna buy a beater car from like
Quakers or something yeah that's what
that's on his channel that's the bed but
I would love to 40,000 likes to guys but
we're buying a car yeah are we gonna
flip it to its side and then I'm gonna
blow it up after we go halfsies in the
car but the deal is is you lift the car
on its side and your car has to be like
Miko whatever we'll just buy like a sum
yeah okay but a three-day it's gotta get
it's got to get 40,000 so today it said
to bro I'm all over the place this is
all alive there's no cuts what do you
want to provide two-day Thursdays two
days from its upload 48 hours from its
upload on this channel forget 40,000
likes
we're doing this and you can have at
least 20,000 likes on my channel please
all right yeah I'm gonna blow a car I
wanna see that giving some life but his
link is in the description please go
check it out
forty thousand likes we're gonna do this
I'm gonna blow this car up in the desert
and I'm gonna do it in a creative way
the hit brush and hitman is gonna come
when I say very important meetings I
don't play I mean very important to me
so I came here for one of the biggest
collaborations on YouTube I got invited
by YouTube YouTube space that's where
I'm at
well actually I'm chilling about how
good was rolling sone Jesse's directing
it it's a big collaboration it's for
Halloween video I don't know
from its secret I'm just children you
guys came her to film I can't remember
one reason
let's get hard under the quadruple
recording right now
they weren't I'm still working it's all
getting paid are you working on what's
up bro what's good nice hair man what do
you what do you what what do you think
what do you think if I do my hair like
that do you look my mom keeps telling me
she wants to do that to my mom
what's that like mala Sigma this is for
you just ma this is it for the kids this
is for you
we're not in Russia when I in Japan love
you age anywhere we're in America now
and that haircut will hurt your son I'm
even good lord oh my god hey again again
again
don't do it good it was awesome now you
probably know were they you know or you
not with them oh my bad that's fucked up
what would it be from I don't believe it
yo say hi to Brendan hi Brendan how are
you watching this you watching Brendan
here's my old old old filmer hashtag
dream Brendan back I know
Rhys has a crush on Tina he's in Florida
let me see the boom see hey you want to
eat the booty he told me sided
I'm with her yo over across America Love
You Brandon
lunchtime look who's here mr. Hobson
what up baby man I love hello hello
look at this oh my god I was waiting for
this day I'm about to do my 60-day
transformation guys you already know
about that oh yeah look who's here stop
we are here now I can roast your bro and
say now you're my blood ghosty ghosty
you're here
I don't know if I'm jealous it's so
perfect like how like how look is that's
like right now and you said pretty boy I
never know they like make up make up I'm
like he doesn't make up cozy does amaze
I don't touch my hair I told them that's
why usually that's why he's a my older
girls so don't touch my egg touch
everything not really yeah yeah they
taught you I kick them right up
they taught you to kick him right out
Wow Ali before anyway don't you know
I've put the screen ago any hits record
first and then he fixes this vascular
preparation where it is a hair
compilation he'll know what does the
thing you ever thought of some almost
all youtubers have good hair it's more
than a minute you're telling me this is
you know yet you don't have it and
everyone has good hand oh I'm good at it
before you click these steps on YouTube
you gotta have good hair it's part of
the terms okay thank you clicker said
fine you got a higher at home you don't
sleep like that
no I just I just do it every day it took
five minutes
ah yeah all right cool
hi I come home and I wanted to hang out
with Ed more so I was like I picked me
up so I have to call left since you're
on the way he's like sure no problem
she calls me a little to walk outside
he's a crumb down the street but I ran
out of gas like oh sorry but I'm gonna
call you a loser
how do you run out of gas she'll not
close the gas station is I'm sorry if
anybody ran out on life in their gas I
feel like that's my biggest fear is
running out of gas it's like you could
see it you're risking it no it's like an
issue that did it iffy but what was it
like you saw it it was running out why
didn't you stop the gas station why you
been already related on this one not by
YouTube space go to the gas station that
my boy he hit me uh not always you know
I am
I saw it low this morning I want to you
too but I don't want to be late and I
just forgot
what's my weight Oh George I was at the
curb it's kind of funny it's a great
exercise oh my god Oh what take it hi
whoa I know you had a long day it will
you you people waiting at your house he
say - she helped do that I know where
does it you hear what about Sam but
stuck here what you're like hiding psych
data - and zag is composing the music
for for the Halloween project what
school year Zack Julliard
in essence it's the current day thank
you guys so much for watching and mom is
actually moving out today and today I'm
looking for my apartment we're finally
moving out this year we live together
didn't work have time to live on my own
again thank you guys for all your
support please give this lug a big
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
let's eat I know that's you guys the
girl and the guy that denied my entry to
Canada
