about the city record they go do water
yeah yeah yeah so you're don't board for
another 30 minutes okay so a little
goobers yeah do whatever you want but
I'll just bring up your passport and
boarding pass to give them back to you
right before boarding okay so I'll be
right by this color and 13s Oh
all right boots what's up villains ha so
yeah these are the two guys the girl and
the guy they denied my entry to Canada
so now your boys headed back home my my
upset a little bit because I had a
famiiy tup tonight and the people that
book me are upset I made her like I feel
like I made him upset but they're really
Carrie coming back to Canada again the
way they treated me here absolutely not
and I'm nothing against Canada beautiful
beautiful but the government and how you
how they treat people here the customs
even US customs don't talk to me how
they talk to me here those two officers
and I'm not gonna walk away up those two
zoom in close down those faces okay guys
if you want to I'd the quality switches
because I'm on my iPhone I just landed
back in LA and I have my vlog camera
they didn't taking away and Ed is my
best friend he's the one here from
mental support he can't believe what
happened
I did say come over look I'm in my PJs I
just I get over here but so he comes
outside oh yeah are you gonna go yeah
I'm going with this we just go into
7-eleven to grab a juice or whatever
waters there and he drops his phone and
he says I'm not even gonna look at the
screen I figure about it I said if the
screens broken I'm having a bad day
and look at looks at the phone you have
it a bet I broke my foot it could be
worse there's a lot of more problems in
the world than going on right now I just
crazy housing for the Hollywood sign and
for the because I had those fresh
Chargers then you want to let me in
because he think I'm unlike on the roll
right now doing something I am NOT but
yeah I just crazy but nothing gets my
Canadian fans will see you guys one day
I think I'm
to contact my lawyer and see if I can
get some stamps and basically so when I
fly in I can just straight up go and
through you know I would have a special
stamp from the government just so the
customs don't have to check me or it's
time to clean my record okay I play I
just had a reality check my oh man let's
have a good night
everything's great thank you guys stay
positive like me I'm smiling guys the
story is getting better hold on the
story's getting really bad I just
realized I had a plus-one so I brought
Kirk from Utah and he got into the
country and I didn't so he's by himself
at that club texting me right out bro I
need a wingman
this is up this is sucks he's myself
he's like at leo / whelmed with ladies
no he's doing good he got his own room
we both had our own rooms he sent me the
pictures of the hotel it was beautiful
I'm truly yeah I missed out invisible I
think this vlog is good and the title
can getting you better deported from
Canada literally deported from Canada
they pulled up their bi files Lynn I
wasn't surprised even though I was upset
come on yes you were surprised I was
more upset not surprised upset why but
out of all the country I'm excited
you're working hard you got up early and
you did it I ended up yeah I asked some
Snoop Dogg last night to go to this oh
yeah he went to a Snoop Dogg concert
yesterday backstage with Kordell he
invited us I said no guys I need some
rest and you run some errands I need to
get my mani-pedi buy some shirts I need
to look good and I did all that and now
I'm back here in LA and you know it's
funny I woke up today at 6:00 a.m.
what's up look he just got deported
I just got deported before the guys just
look at your snapchat Shh
she's got supportive man the depression
is real
and I'm not kidding either that's the
funny part no your mom is gonna kick
your ass it's Ali I'm sorry when my life
is getting better by each bite say sorry
to your mother what's up did I get
deported from your countrymen I know I
know it was uh yeah you know just how
does it make you feel like that I'm
never gonna go to Canada ever in my life
again probably unfortunately what do you
guys think about it for me climbing a
hollow me climbing a Hollywood sign
turns into not getting into Canada
literally getting I got deported
literally just like no go back yeah you
were we're just really strict man it's
true it's like I know somebody that have
a dy 20 years ago they stole a little
bit that's great so I think so now we're
trying to drive to Canada we're taking a
lift from the LA yeah yeah guys I know
this log is kind of short but I just
wanted to put why I got deported from
Canada just to vlog about that and it
just makes me think crazy that for my
climbing Hollywood sign trespassing
charge they're treating me like a
criminal they call me like you're
criminal you're criminal and the guys
they both knew my videos so I started
talking to the supervisor I'm like
they're just haters I like a little I
called it was like you guys don't like
me personally it's not you don't want me
here because you guys don't like me not
because the rules are stuff I'm like
it's trespassing I didn't kill anybody
on your Rob anybody I don't have any
like felonies on my record although I'm
good drop no I seriously don't have any
felon I'm not a felon guys I know I've
been arrested so many times but I'm not
a fella anyways I love my Canadian fans
I know you guys watching from Montreal
Toronto Edmonton Calgary I love you guys
I really wanted to meet you I guess next
time mmm yeah so I'll tell me guys in
the comments below what you think and
yeah I'm not complaining I'm just
sharing my vlog I got deported from
Canada this is why I got deported from
Canada is literally Kirk came in then
let him stay and they didn't let me stay
a little bit flew back I travelled 12
hours in the air
hey so no I didn't get into Canada oh
well um I'm gonna try next time so
please give it a big thumbs up for this
law guys I'll see you guys soon they can
go so much for watching
let's see diner oh yeah and I know I'm
not good at basketball I'm not good I'm
trash I know I'm trash I was just
setting I'm not that good I needed a lot
to say that I'm not that good okay
I have trash yeah cuz I never played in
my life oh oh there it is that's how we
do
