what's up villains thank you for coming
back to another vlog I'm with Joe boy
Eddie we're like the old days you're
driving we're not taking actually lift
sobbing we're aunt Tony's here and we
are headed to basketball celebrity
basketball I got invited to some event I
never played basketball you guys ready
for me to play basketball at Staples
Center I want to make three-pointers
I am that's how I shoes I'm gonna make
three-pointers but guys I don't know
what to expect what kind of celebrity is
gonna be there what novel game with
Staples Center what do you guys think
he's going to that work god bless to you
about him he's going to network and yeah
so I kind of feel super super inspired
that so many players laid on this board
I'm really wait I'm a really good that's
why I don't believe I'm really gonna
play the staple center who's who played
in this core tell them you know better
Rick Fox the Lakers have won
championships you know play on that
court that's crazy
thank you forever thank you thank you
Thank You Sharon for inviting me the
best this is awesome
this is really though I'm super excited
that's why I'm like my energy is low
when I go in you know when I when if you
look Kobe energy when I feel that was
wrong Cavaliers oh holy shit I just
literally got my team and haha you
understand who is on my team you might
not want to talk to LA cuz I don't want
to vlog camera to be taken away my team
is King batch Amanda Cerny de Vos Ville
Valo Murkowski kori hardik Trinidad
James shake em all be moms though West
Sounders Johnny Stephon dribble too much
Jordan Sutherland Melvin Jackson the
bear main street's Chris Jackson
Monique breakfast gasca's Kendra
Wilkinson Kendra Wilkinson from Playboy
job boys leaving with a phone number
this is what like players walk yeah is
this more like players
yeah you work for - breathe
Wow I don't use street baby bike I don't
want to be too much cuz I don't know if
we can plug your luck but we're getting
our own beautiful I'm getting my own
uniform shoes this is yo one the team
honey no it's his blog they say little
too big you know if they fall off a lap
my ass I want to take off my shirt
transition in the world
Cory will do like he by silent prayer
Jamie Foxx you're number one on my list
I'm gonna show up with my I'm here
waiting time is ticking I'm here what's
your meal before the game my meal was
chicken tenders I had an acai ball one
hour ago I'm ready to bring it all
get it close to a mouth all right same
less goodbyes peace see you Tony house
there I got should be ready to chew no
one is sitting on the bench he gonna do
all this footage
all right
Tony
can you shoe better this guy he's
terrible he's never played all right
charity cancer events we cannot
disrespect it's a cancer event said you
know disrespecting things but I will
tell you this
you don't gotta lie to kick it bro I got
a lot getting better and better you know
you didn't get nowhere I'll say that I
don't
my girls if he's Leslie go get better
yep guys that was me playing basketball
I know I'm not that good never really
played basketball I love soccer well
it's football but we're in America so I
have to say soccer but yes football I
used to play for eight years so never
really got into basketball whooping and
stuff so I give myself a for an effort
hoped you guys enjoyed I can't believe I
was on the court I got some flashback
from streaking NBA Finals and I got
banned from all the games but thank God
that was in the NBA game because I would
have been breaking the rules and
trespassing since that was an NBA game
I'm good bye you guys ready you think
the vlog is over all right I don't know
how to tell you guys this but this vlog
needs to be a cherry on top so you know
what we're doing which I can a
helicopter to nocturnal thanks to you so
many egg things to enter get up we're
brats my boy Swan over here and we'll
our pilot thanks cops and Airport we're
flying out you're nocturnal and this
logs neither chariots up so I did that
for you guys let's go
thank you so me AK for hooking me up
with this beautiful bracelet look at
this
thanks thanks Eddie and so many I showed
him some love
that's right so we just got to the
festival and we're walking through a
campground look people can hear people
live you people sleep here this is
insane
thank you guys so much watching this
vlog this was my recap of my week what I
did the fun stuff the fun stuff I don't
want to put the boring stuff like the
meetings and all that you know what
maybe I should do get more personal and
I tell you guys that that of log all the
time I shoulda shoot let me know in the
comments below if it's a yes or no
though I just do log like this like
quality like celebrity basketball that
are going to a helicopter to a vet or
just me talking with this at home in
front of a camera I let you guys know
what's going on in my life I know I
asked that a lot
lesson again give me a vote please yes
or no bars lock should be interesting
because how many guys now get deported
from Canada if you want to know how I
got deported from Canada find out
tomorrow don't forget to give this love
big thumbs up and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
listen
