what's up villains thank you so much for
coming back to watch another vlog today
I'm doing a lot of exciting things well
not a lot of two things so ty Lopez
party I'm going to tie Lopez party and
if you guys don't know who tile opus is
Tai Lopez's that guy that always on the
ads I'm here in my garage you know in
Lambos he's a inspirational talker he
reads one book a day he has all these
cars nice house so we're going to his
party and after his party we are going
to snoops compound and if you guys don't
know which snoops compound Snoop Dogg's
compound his son invited us out so you
guys later more in the vlog about it but
first we're gonna go hit the party I'm
gonna meet up with Adria do that one
that broke her nose and yeah we're going
to go to the party and see what happens
over there probably do something stupid
and uh let's just go alright look who
I'm with I'm with miss and layout look
at her nose your nose
andrea which is funny my noses right now
if you guys saw in one of his other dude
shit bro hey she broke her nose at a
full party or that the same night yeah
aggressive those say and then the same
night she went out and for four days did
it get surgery that's four days the
originals
I'm a bulky props I got a ebook on here
man
are you recording yes here vlogs on here
yo little party because they say get out
of jail part I wanna quick sentence
inspiration
for the viewers to be successful
you know if I can go back and suck a
fucking lollipop and you will be
successful
probably shouldn't do this on your
fucking child I want to give you
material okay but thanks for inviting me
look inside your camera upgrade
she's looking at a spot in the Russian
I see her to social media something
unexpected
Oh get it get it
why are you driving like that what's up
cuz we're on the way to Smith bugs house
ah
Cornell inviting you and you invited me
corker Delos is all the Sun and has to
go and they invited to go talk about
something about their business but as I
go you want to come and I was invited so
we're going to some dogs dungeon I guess
well that is it's the compound not the
dungeon dungeon sounds a little creepy I
don't know what you have going on over
there but how about my bad
so I walked in here I'm like let me see
like a couple seconds to vlog I walk in
there you vlogging what's up guys say
what's up to the villains yo hey mind
your business
oh shit hi nice goodbye with this bag
Robbie up on a table I was by I'm not
even playing
nobody is awesome this is sick some time
before I'm playing celebrity basketball
for charity so they ready
alley oop um dude you've been waiting
for you man
thinking about his future oh oh yeah guy
likes it toss them up Amy but yeah like
just shoot it pretty much a little
higher I where we got this is watery
Hall of Fame for my future
nice hey oh whoa
so that we are in Dubai ha ha ha this is
awesome
who wants to play this does this turn on
with points yeah uh oh good you got
enough hover boards look at Intolerable
quits already got the Segway for every
shoe look
ha that your boy be look really black
there's upstairs it's like a dull
playground
ah yeah whoo okay oh okay
oh please okay I need poker friends sick
Oh like the Vegas so you can for Taylor
oh that's the oh that's for the views of
dope it's like the suite at the stadium
welcome fabulous doggy Lanka's inna this
is dope by the way guys this is where I
ran across the World Cup this is the
green screen a damn okay
Wow history right here this is a dull
whole way our cords do you that's your
recording studio nice just a fresh batch
smell of fresh man god that's crazy
look at that yeah oh no I gave it him
damn hear me Jim does Cadillac music
this swear goes down huh and you're the
guy did the guy what do you do is what
do you do is you ignore the day I do a
slow jam show right now cool I could say
hi so they're just chilling what we're
doing it for Q soul can't agree hi
nice and her father corrupt works with
Joe Bosso small world small yeah really
win so Charlie so this is new studio why
this is
damn propagation looks like a sorry
mothership mothership the mother ships
another shit crews been through the
studio tell him Chamberlain deez nutz
anyone
everybody everybody and look at this
there's a massage chair this looks the
ultimate massage chair this is where the
it to me this is way so what's the
difference between that studio and
that's here how much is on this ship is
for big projects like albums and whatnot
this is for scoring movie Z and if you
need a fuck somebody up real quick okay
let me get on this dis track also these
names are real more the mothership the
bathroom the battleship okay okay
so we're about to leave and I showed in
my car
thank you for everything by the way and
now you about to show me my batteries
actually blinky let's go let's go see a
car let's go
oh he this is fresh whoo yo I know
that's what kind of carne that's it
Amina hey Carmel boy alright that's what
I need a big man's car this is what I
fucking yes I told you that's too small
for me the inside like ours this wall
yeah it like oh boy damn it smells nice
too
why do you need to biting the car this
big you go through you go honey
I go honey no no for real yeah pleasure
meeting you guys thanks for the invite
thanks to the games we're gonna be back
here you're coming with me bitch
thanks guys thanks guys yeah what check
out these guys the link in description
below check this out subscribe to these
guys then go product film production
destroyed now buy this is crazy this is
the this is the compound
snooze bus over there this is the
high-rise cars the ones that bounce this
is nice
Wow crazy I don't know if you guys know
but I wasn't ggm that's new but now
coming here it's just nuts this is crazy
you're going to see dreams come true
people you never know you never know
right Jim play true shutout to rush it
baby that's all my international love me
cause you got love that I love
strawberries that are amazing yo are you
like are you went to do what what else
it's crazy
I'll just tell him I was huh the
basketball court everything was crazy -
yo yo sir you're freaking screen that's
what I need to be editing on that's what
kind of office I need like his office
yeah that's it guys so much for watching
this long think you took her Dell for
inviting us to Smith's compound Thank
You Eddie for bringing me I just uh
thank you to everybody who was in this
vlog and just crazy how life work - used
to just look up to all these people like
just and now you just hang out with that
me just a little reality check that this
is insane this is just insane this if
you want something you can get it like
like feel like I almost did everything
on my bucket list anyways thank you guys
so much for watching don't forget to
give this lug a big thumbs up and I'll
see you guys later this he done it you
banned for life you're not allowed to
come back here I'm going to go closer if
you guys want to screenshot this or
positives and read it you
