what is that villains what's up what's
up guys bright and early headed to a
meeting right now with my new talent
manager for some upcoming shows that I'm
going to be doing writing and developing
and movies your boys working your boy
woke up bright and early gonna head to
the gym after it sounds sure by the
title of this vlog you guys are probably
like oh my god another clickbait no it's
not a clickbait I'm gonna talk later in
the vlog about that but yeah I got
banned for life man for life and your
boy has to do community service hours
for the Hollywood sign before New Year's
and my community service I have to pick
up trash on the side of a highway which
is not bad
but I feel like I'm putting my life in
danger and my villains fans whoever
because a lot of people notice me I
don't know how by driving by just me
walking in the streets you imagine if
I'm picking up trash on the side of a
highway how many of you are gonna see me
and try to stop and take a picture and a
lot of people said it's a awesome photo
blog a lot of my friends like oh it's
awesome for the vlogs for you to pick up
trash so I don't know I feel like if my
life is in danger I feel like if I let's
say if I do a donation to church
donation to kids in need I can get
thousands hundreds of thousands of
people if not millions if I posted on my
main channel to go donate to the charity
instead of me just going by myself
picking up trash on the side of a
highway and nobody gets anything out of
it what do you guys think I think sorry
about the bumpiness I think that's what
I should do I think I should have a big
huge donation and involve my villains
with it I got back from the gym had an
awesome workout now we're about to watch
fight of the Living Dead episode three
if you guys haven't watched it yet you
should watch it Tony just got here for
support we're about to go fill my main
channel video that my mom's doing her
thing she's like don't film me so I make
sure then I want her to get them so I'm
gonna make sure film her by the way guys
so I started my diet I started my food
nope rats and guess what your boy is on
a serious diet that's it then BAM that's
it
that's it also I want to tell you guys
this is my first time going to Canada so
I want to announce that September 6 I'll
be in Calgary in an axel tavern I will
be Knoxville tavern on September 6 in
Calgary and then Edmonton on September
8th my first time going to Canada
September 8 is also Knoxville tamarin
super excited I'm gonna host let's get
lit it's gonna be insane let's spread
some intel on some girls booties and
I'll see you guys there yeah episode 3
was lit if you guys haven't watched it
watch it if that game shows like nerve
wracking literally three days in the
hospital no phones
we gotta bend it we literally went to an
interview and the interview was all set
up went to the interview who got
kidnapped and that's how the fight fight
of the Living Dead came we got stuck in
a bed in hospital and we have to survive
from zombies and it felt so real that it
was just heartbreaking there's like
couldn't sleep we had to sleep there
so I just got to ads with Toni and we're
supposed to go filming a prank and add
call with breaking news though I need to
be here and he'd be here talking
business so we're actually are talking
business and what's up bro hey business
on the Cape's 360 360 video for YouTube
project they have a huge set of YouTube
space has been trying to invite me for a
while and I can't wait to go whenever
we're gonna go actually the song so the
mega collab is going to be on the 12th
and the 13th and then your shoot I have
a dance phone show do you know that like
next week have a danceOn show you're
gonna dance it's a three-day dance show
and if I win first place I get 10 grand
I'm dancing with stars like Dancing with
the Stars but it's online so it's pretty
big it's called danceOn it's like huge
it's season it's a season five I think
so I cannot wait it's gonna be exciting
guys wish me luck I'm gonna dance and
Tony's gonna vlog behind this and I'm
gonna dance what do you say the
professional career our group
choreography choreographer so she's
gonna show me how to dance if I win
number one I get 10 grand let's be
awesome that's it good at me you're not
a dance show you're doing a 360 YouTube
video you're doing some big yeah but
yeah but
wanna see pranks they want to see pranks
that's all they want to understand but
on a main channel all right I don't want
to just you know quality over quantity
right so I'm just I'm trying to do a
huge Russian hitman sketch that goes
into it don't help much okay that's a
good idea
I forgot to tell you guys something that
I started today
my transformation and I know it's
shocking but I'm doing another or they
omitted in 90 days because I'm trying to
go to Formula One in Dubai and I told
myself in Abu Dhabi and I told myself I
don't have a rip super disgustingly
ripped six-pack I'm not growing so
that's my challenge I'm telling you guys
right now I got these food packages
delivers to me every every date allows
this time it's not free I'm paying so
I'm eating super healthy
once again I'm bringing my backpack
everywhere I go hot sauce everywhere go
get my hot sauce we got this so it's
gonna be kind of tough to next Wow
it's gonna it's gonna be the tough I
feel like next to three months but
Canada I'm coming for you don't forget
that okay guys so we just got this
Sunset Boulevard from this guy's house
and check out the billboard the
billboard this is my first time actually
check it out look how huge it is and the
sound is bouncing back I had an idea for
a picture but I don't want a boring
picture I want to climb on that on 8730
sunset towers and literally be hanging
it with my feet and be like that's me
below me and I don't know what do you
what do you recommend I mean you're on
probation but I think you could pull it
off just some strange Russian guy lost
trying to find his way out of the
building maybe I think that would be a
great main Channel video but the fact is
the problem is that I might do this
right now so yeah I'm not gonna come
back here because I want to do it now
blood the Sun I want to see the hole I
don't want it half I want all this so
the Sun is not gonna the gold now we're
still gonna be as lit or no no when it
goes down it'll just be correct yeah so
we wait for the right window Suns
like 45 minutes to do a perfect really
let's go back the back is you can get up
the fire escape maybe you can climb up
on the gradebook alright because I just
walked into the 8730 sunset towers and I
took an elevator all the way up I can
get to that staircase roof yeah I have
to go through an office but at the
office thinking I'm I know there might
be like who are you a bit don't worry
about it my secret agent should be I
should be in a rush a hitman Alvey
outfit are shipping like this so bad
news I just got home guys and we didn't
end up getting that picture when there
it's 6:30 p.m. and the gold got just
cloudy and I got bad and II doesn't have
a really good windows inside of his
house so we couldn't see and 6:30 in
California is the golden hour
so when wasn't good I'm more bad news i
order a whole bunch of stuff from nike
clearance on nike calm and that's why i
never order closes online because they
never it's just no like oh it's on the
side it's like be this this shoes are
basically like girls modeling on
instagram and then you meet them in real
life
that's what it is it's like it look
beautiful online and in real life look
man it's not how you look don't like
those I got a whole bunch of leggings
for the Jim Schwartz don't like him so
I'm going to one of my friends birthday
and I'm excited you know what you go
support it's his birthday of course it
would become disrespectful if I don't
show up in a way about oh I want to go
out no not at all not because I'm only
not drinking but because you see the
same people like when you first moved to
LA you go hold you to all these clubs
you're so excited like Monday is this
club Tuesday's this club Wednesday it's
like a hangout spot it's like you see
the same people same everything and then
you're sleeping you don't get
done so Mike come over this Hollywood
scene I will go to some cool events and
stuff but I was going out to the same
clubs every week seeing same people like
why like no I'm gonna go and create and
follow my dreams cuz yeah cuz I I got a
lot to do in my life that I want to
accomplish so yeah and that's gonna it's
not gonna stop me it's gonna distract me
it's gonna take it longer then it shoot
at my vision this so that's why I'm like
yeah I'm gonna go out right now and not
have any drink just go out few hours
hour into being bed before one probably
a.m. or 2 a.m. what up guys it's a
curtain day and did I go out last night
I did not go out last night and I
chilled we talked a little bit most of
you wonder why did I name tile banned
for life well because of this I'm banned
for life from Cavaliers Stadium and
being able to me a letter official
letter that I'm banned for one year from
all the stadiums like Cavalier
specifically said Cavaliers specifically
said you're banned for life you're not
allowed to come back here I'm gonna go
closer if you guys want to screenshot
this or positives and read it here you
go so don't really care not really
because I'm not gonna streak NBA again
but I think you're just awesome and the
letter looks so beautiful so thank you
for memories I'm gonna frame this right
next to my World Cup nice thank you guys
so much for watching this vlog don't
forget to get this log of big thumbs up
and don't be scared to leave a comment
and let me know in the comments below
what you want to see more I mean doing
in the vlogs so yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow
this is Dinah your neighbors you guys
really
yeah
