what is up my villain so we got Tony
over here what's up Tony Wow welcome so
we're going to that show that I was
talking about I get to eat edibles and
judge which edible is better I feel like
there's been too many weed logs lately
this is channels and starting that do we
kill I promise you I just got called if
I want to be on the show I said sure and
it's paid so I get paid to get high
what's wrong with that I don't think
there's anything wrong with that so
Tony's gonna help me out you film behind
the scenes but I don't know what to
expect it's gonna it's basically two
chefs competing between each other
and I have to taste the butter edible
and it's gonna be like in the weed
expert we'll see what about to take you
so what are we doing can you tell the
bloggers so we're here behind the scenes
doing a little marketing for this show
called cookout hi without her I'm a big
fan you should have seen this World Cup
video it's amazing thank you bro feel
when I started I was like James get pull
you know how to say that are you from
you from New York I'm from Mexico I live
in New York for a long time I can hear
the accent you know and Lizzy right here
try another panatela nice to meet you
she's my producer for this thing's
awesome
so I'm basically any telling my true
stories though of me would weed but uh
improv okay all right let me get this I
need a picture with Vitaly I'm usually
not a starstruck kind of guy but I got
to get that go in the restroom with them
Frank um bro these are just Franco
depends on nasty it's gonna be in there
we're going to let them wash your hands
first
I did again filming I'm filming this is
all T see if I drink this all I'll be
fine
there's some bread in it give us a
semester wheat expert what's your name
you guys see on this is going metalli
metallic she's a weed expert
so the mr. weed expert what if I drink
this whole thing right brand yeah what
if I drink this whole thing what I'll be
alright
you sure what are you talking about no
again you all die how many know that
we're talking about I don't know how
strong oh you know the strength but
listen drink the whole thing man see how
it goes yeah I'm sure you'll have fun
you'll I can hold the pressure really
everybody girl make sure you get on a
lot well they call it white boy wait
Wow alright I can get there lots of men
always get home sir that guy thinks he's
a wee expert I'm doing extra we're
talking about Malibu Oh Pete crests it's
150 milligrams per seed so that would
have been exited to three thousand forty
four kilograms branagh which equal to
the whole bowl or fucking cereal
marshmallow kakizaki
verbal do
so I combined uh yesterday's logs with
today's log because we couldn't show a
lot of stuff on the show but today's an
exciting day I'm here with Tony
Sasha and Kevin brewing and my mom
what's up Kevin which is still quiet
like that but my eyes do look pretty
good in this light
anyway so but uh sorry we're going to
fight at the Living Dead premiere
today's the day
today everybody's sending me billboard
billboards billboards it's pretty
awesome to be on the billboard in LA
especially on Sunset Boulevard see
dreams come true but a story of today
you ready ed calls ah a limo because who
had all these people over in my house
and Eddie his girlfriend everybody so or
I should repeat that again Ivy I kind of
had anyone take so I don't know if I
want to cut the sad
no I'm just gonna keep going because I'm
actually like a great storyteller
anyways uh long story short you called
the party bus will go inside the party
bus and there's no AC I see
and then this guy 40 minutes to pick me
up just not okay no but we called uh two
lifts and they went the wrong way
not this guy this guy's amazing just
guys be giving us all the shortcuts
she's laughing of it I guess I love
funny actually I I was doing but also
the same please
because I was making how many alters
engine minute I was gonna add like
somebody going today at least you're
honest
opposite arrive this you're like another
guy just completely passed us anyway
super late it's seven was supposed to be
there seven YouTube space and that's a
story of today but mom I wanted to add a
little bit more da the party bus look
like uh would you say if you like unit
funeral box bus it's a mobile sauna yeah
the party wasn't sorry are you I look
like I'm sorry and Ed was not in the
nice enough to tip the driver but I'm
like like common sense you're driving
and not super hot talking about hot
bossy work inside it's not warm it's hot
it's like you driving you think people
are gonna get in like come on do you use
common sense like your mama made you go
to school for a reason are you gonna
keep getting smaller but you looking
sharp
look at you so the we're together on the
show people are saying it's a good
review
why'd you watch it was it good it was
are we gonna hide it was high high yeah
brah how do you feel to be on Sunset
Boulevard on the bill aboard
I live on Sunset Boulevard so every time
I like go around there I get to see you
so that's pretty crazy excited I made it
mama
look you're checking in go ahead and ah
magic over hot liquor ladies and
gentlemen I just got you're looking
sharp like what is this then everything
just get him here no I got them like Oh
hurry
Chow it down
oh this way
you're gonna die
Carrie we imagine that in the hospital
with nobody
hi Debbie what's up Sasha
yeah you know look at this the whole
cast what's up guys what's up what's up
this guy's got swag
she got pretty you you just got ratchet
on the show here on it
yeah beauty no I was waiting for her my
massage teen massage massage didn't cut
it out episode 2 pounded this is my
bound I'm down to the farm okay see but
am I had to do it okay the whole time
two hours right here
okay
scare of zombies hey we're not scared of
him
so we're doing a prank together we're
doing a break together yeah what's up
villains so the vlog is starting off
kind of fun I'm driving to Jude son's
office yes we're gonna do our challenge
we're gonna tell you what it is because
they might change their mind I don't
know you guys got about to see in two
seconds it's a beautiful day it's nice
and sunny bloggers yeah oh right yes
look at you what's up miss Finland miss
Phelan I'm Holly Milligan
we have to look you in the light how
beautiful you are hmm miss Finland yes
buddy Noah are you mr. Pfeiffer she
can't away her crown she's bad I just
hate it yeah yeah or like looks like I
see you re hey you wanna see me in the
Sun - yeah what're we doing today
whatever their Facebook like we're
blowing up but we rocks it's a blow up
challenge okay I got these pumps all
right it's gonna handle the beat slowly
I got an American football you got a
soccer ball and Joe he's got the gym
ball yeah and uh have you ever pumped it
he fucking blows up and breaks windows
gonna step up be honest it's long as it
goes it goes we are gonna have a
challenge it's gonna pump it there's
somebody here today no you gotta wear
your protection have to make your point
where you're like is that loud yeah yeah
the crazy oh and what happens to your
IDs oh um well I can't really tell the
real story can i dad is I miss being
goofing around just goofing around you
know that's why you have to wear this at
all times but barely the balls gonna be
so loud we need ear protection I'm
scared you got to roll it up so how do
you eat it okay come I basically said
this house is it's at your own risk
you should have a sign outside yeah we
do we kind of have it's an imaginary
Sunday I mean look at Joey's I yeah so
yeah I'm scared that the balls gonna pop
in my face but we'll see yeah it's fine
it should be loud is this a prank Aviva
Oh like what do you this balls above I
get a pump the hook dude there's nothing
the worst after the world actually
thought of it what you think is in it
oh they're cute no why it's so heavy
this is what its meaning around oh my
god
this is what it is being around people
who prank Faline I mean you're always
just gross paint inside there's sharp
glass and needles and I'm pumping right
next to you that's what I was pink I was
like you were gonna get himself all
right fuck it I'll just do what you guys
do what's gonna blow up first guy soccer
ball football we got out of beats volley
and leaving out whatever that things
that Joey has an exercise ball fitness
fitness ball because bo all right well
fuck you let's do it
you guys are gonna be next to me so if
anything goes down you guys are still
getting hit
well I don't know he has that here's a
shield Mama's gonna see him here goes
bro
I'll do it she's doing a backflip
alright 3 3 to 100 so we up in 3 Kate
thank you guys charities
oh my toes hurt oh I eat my toe it looks
like a brand new shoes huh yeah they're
not good for jumping oh oh oh oh now
your time to hip hop
sherry oh yeah he's gonna take in
shooting so far away you know unless you
fellows food commodities here dude not
that close I'm not a sharpshooter it's a
lady sharpshooter yeah come on you got
it
close your eyes cuz otherwise we're
gonna all right how many years we got
3.7 3.7 here we go
okay makes you happy oh yeah that was
right in there those nine 5k we're gonna
start blows oh no because the ball
shooting grew and it was away went so
high yeah we toilsome balls maybe really
oh man you took it like a man you ta
taking it like a man look at that poor
JC you know what you guys wanted it yeah
guys watch this here we go here we go
all right here we go
whatever is it up how long is it going
to take you guys tell us
paddy what's up come on come on
ah boy get on my absolute crazy no
pumping everybody's pumped away but I
was gonna go to jail why don't you go
you're going on Mario Party
oh man it's hard look at these it's
becoming a soccer ball the soccer balls
ticklish
ah
you can do it blowing up ah come on it
shirts mo up all right I wish I had
tools and you could join in
maybe you drink a healthy outlook comedy
I'll help you out I'll help you let's
see yeah finally this is an awesome
challenge
oh my God look at this thing he's coming
apart
how's yours doing Joe sure Joey's I
deliver that it says baby says finish el
duque any second come on come on come on
oh you got it yoga we're 7.3 K my chest
what BOGO where's the ball
whoa laughs are we gonna blow these up
first
yeah where's the boat you would have
killed yeah do it in your chest heart oh
it was right oh my God look at that
material dude did you feel it in your
chest
yeah I felt look on my face
guys we are blue in this big thing up oh
good gonna be so loud this is good
oh look it's a helicopter froth guys
barring it's got its good shot look uh
LAPD helicopter they're really thinking
that's Ross
we got an LA we got an LAPD helicopter
guys it's for us cuz it sounds like
gunshots look it's circling our house
zero they're here
oh my god she's just walking in with the
warrant look at all she's just walking
in like this like he care with no with
no with no word hello
one
why well out the film is optional so
through pumping air in the ball so you
can blow it up the first if
american-made football can take it a
soccer ball or a volleyball is that why
you guys are here you never seen you
guys a shoot each other oh no really
our mortality heads appear yeah all
right here's my suggestion next time
tell your neighbors what you're doing -
you don't - yeah our apologies I know
you're not going to use of just going oh
this is awesome
apologies we are gonna spin you got here
yeah we're out of here scaring people
we're wasting city time in the
helicopter I am nominating to do $1,000
every time they launch it all right
later - thank you this is cream all the
cops showed up the helicopter was the
most badass how they look live in the
world dinner for 70 guys sherry that cop
showed up while we were blowing up balls
do those bad oh my god that's his
highlight I like I like I knew him by
name it's a I like the UH the blonde was
good that you all right guys but just be
careful where you blow up a ball so I
just tried this hot sauce and it's
absolutely terrifying I barely tried it
anything so you're about to what it
would you worry about - Duke lost I lost
a challenge so I'm gonna just take a
giant swig of it and you gonna spit it
out because last time we got super sick
what kind of hot sauce is it's Mad Dog
357 this is like some of the hottest
sauce you can possibly buy some yeah all
these warnings and shit it's really
really bad go shooting up people here
ready Wow all right here we go
all right this wall you villains out
there and all you finland's
all right
prolonging it the sucks the what you're
gonna put in your mouth you have to
switch it around for three I'm just
gonna pour a bunch of my mouth and then
swish it around until hello hello
you give me ten like in ten seconds yeah
it's already gonna be just the worst
okay
I'm not really going to your jaw we're
about to do not swish it around in my
mouth and be it done it's enamel Mad Dog
357 oh my god
alright you mad Paula having it how long
are you gonna sit around like ten
seconds he's gonna walk out it was taken
ten o'clock ready it's a lot fine oh
yeah well ready hold on hold on that ten
seconds two seconds stopwatch timer
stopwatch Oh your chopper oh you go I'll
put in my three three two one all right
now squeeze it 10 seconds gosh now it's
on that run - you are four five six hey
you look like a good chunk oh you look
like a cartoon character
I keep getting confused here you keep
taking else bro oh my god what the fuck
I can't breathe I can't breathe Oh Joey
yo what's up dude nothing man just
hanging out say you know Jonah balls
oh it's wrong guys guys Oh protection
yeah you look great it thanks Doug yeah
peace bro he's a great challenge
thank you for filming this yeah dude you
just call me later yeah take my elves
all day bye bye beautiful peace out
see you later bye bye alright Adam out
of ya screw this house
guys check out that billboard check out
your boy this is my first time seeing it
look at that little boy I hate it like a
picture you're covering up half the
billboard dude okay so after this crazy
boy after this crazy challenge DTV ah
boo Tony hello Joey all the elves you
took today today we came in to celebrate
we're going on let's celebrate
is an interesting story how I ended up
here today is because of this guy
Jen what's your what's your dj name our
teacher name is Looney Tunes we're from
Amsterdam playing trip hardstyle and the
crossover sounds we're gonna tree no
garrix know these boys about characters
my boy went yesterday Cheesecake Factory
he walked up to me and he invited me I
couldn't make it yesterday so I'm here
today let's see what you got
thank you guys so much for watching this
vlog I love making vlogs with this
action-packed log a lot of happened
starting new week it's occurring day
starting new week great I'm going to
film some pranks for you guys and I'm
gonna do more vlogs I just like to do
exciting stuff I don't like to just sit
at home and talk in front of the camera
but I know some of you want that so
anyways appreciate for watching this
vlog if you made it through an end let
me know the best part of the vlog which
you guys liked from this vlog I think
the cop showing up was pretty freaking
epic they thought it was a shoot out of
the surround of the house it was insane
so anyways thank you so much don't
forget to give it a big thumbs up I'll
see you guys tomorrow
let's do diner hey what I just don't
have a bra I don't care
