what else welcome to another vlog what
up what up today another day in
beautiful Miami's - check this out you
guys remember yesterday me probably
taking like half an hour to get out of
this car now actually woke up kind of
full
but now I'm hungry so robot to go to get
a Gras grab cheese but yeah let's see
how fast can I get into this corner wow
I really I really was fooled last night
yeah my morning coffee
and dude so me and Jay Alvarez been
planning to go to Egypt to do something
epic something kind of legal but
something happening and keeps flying
there he got me a pre hotel sure go Tony
absolutely so spontaneous I just looked
up the flight the flight is tonight in
six hours to Egypt you got to go bro you
got to go yeah I love how you were to
just like come I don't want to leave you
to think no I go I don't want to leave
you know because we've been training
with this trip but this is this is like
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity of what
we're going to do hi no hence why you
have to do it grow those melon exactly
what it nah but I'm telling it what to
do I think I should really fly to Egypt
you're doing it doing it
start getting ready let's go I'd only
have my office for the plane boom well I
don't know if I can wear the shirt in
Egypt so we're going so if I like the
Egypt so yeah I don't know how to
explain this but your boy said it to
Egypt I just got a flight first flight
the flight leaves in six hours
I gotta head straight to Miami Airport
I'm going to Egypt I need to do this
this is huge this is big 111 this is
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity what I'm
about to do with Jay Alvarez I'm nervous
my heart is beating hard I definitely
have to change my shirt staining news no
needs in Egypt and yeah this is crazy
across the world in 15 hours Wow Wow yes
if I have Panzi tip let me know but yeah
I gotta go pack a good Egypt so this is
still blowing my mind but I have to
leave bye baby
bye you shout out to mph well thank you
guys so much for hooking me up all over
Miami Tony's gonna put this bad boy back
I had to leave you supposed to get an
Aventador I have to leave emergency
chute it's going to be emergency chute
in Egypt but I have to leave values oh
this sucks
Kirk I'm sorry I know you're watching
this public with the help it's a
spontaneous trip five hours before my
flight I'm about to fly out of Miami do
you think I want to leave this type of
weather sure because it's going to be
the same whether an angel Oh Bob all
right brother
what are you doing what are you doing
don't make me cry good run to south I
have home bro maybe I'll see you in a
couple days maybe but what do you think
I'm up to over there to hype them up let
them know it's gonna be fucking epic
yes gonna happen but I think is gonna
have
you'll make it I can't believe it I'm
here that is insane so Jay just called
me guys and guess what you said he said
the drones are not allowed in Egypt so I
believe my drone with the driver and you
can drive it back to Tony thank God
let's go anything back
that is crazy no drone Wow
all right well we're going to figure out
the other way this guy right here
doesn't have a phone you were your own
bro i brung along and then you live in
Columbus yeah
good night people watch my angle on this
even mommy I'm going to Colombia I'm
planning to go to metagenes that AG I
want to go no I want to go to manager
and I want to go to beginner but our
beginner
yeah cool well nothing Ebro here digger
screenshots if you watch was flogged Wow
then so crazy blows my mind that he can
be in one side of the world and 16 hours
later you can be on other side of the
world I'm in Egypt ladies and gentlemen
that's crazy blows my mind the traffic
gets crazy building traffic robot hour
in the house to go to myself insane
crazy I don't know what to expect from
this day just get to my hotel here's a
little dessert again with a little treat
little kebab little kebab right here oh
right - like a cheese
Phoebe little one Wow
am I really here bro mr. J you literally
called me while I'm eating something not
a fruit
okay wouldn't fly you pop it you go and
all the things granny check your lotion
on literally J made a kid without bra
are you how are these problems where I
had a chance on the right camera
monoghan on taking off maybe I was like
what to the backpack you're carrying a
red camera that's how you know you're
officially blog life I would carry here
my little baby good nobody tell me to
now my family this guy right here this
guy is the biggest for guys middle east
for like you did for Obama's and we'll
Jack's them for all those people and
they want a film permit because the
cameras are so big I don't need it yes
at the end and he can
and the other one too now I'm gonna
multiply game
Gary feels like a provider they did it
but on the left side with the size of my
finger
and they get moving now
so we convince those were taking them
put in Jordan's book it's enough of
choice
what's different type of money the heart
and the brain the heart they take it out
fuckers right on the fire but the dream
they cut it out through the noses they
throw it away they never come every time
why because the brain is responsible for
all the sins that we commit in your life
now everything was done on the veteran
brutal yes
by the way no touching
by the way my point where in 2017
indecent secret among the kitchen yet
no one does I was we don't have to this
is the oldest Andy to the world in a
larger caliber Selma in apologize oh
that sandwich will give you gained
through life and I am lieutenant
so the Shake Shack people because
whoever invents the shake shop and
whoever designed the logo it's where
they going from wow this critical in my
day look the granite is detected at
10:30 forbidden completely to think
camera news isn't where we're inside the
mummy room you place very closer it's
all accessible to only one so just
fucking run down if you will gradually
people also responsible for suspicious
what is this room this is daily life
object daily life of your business -
this is incredible
honestly the screen is being very
offended when we come over here and then
they see okay yeah yes why oh why for
everyone
no it's Russian mono Donna woman Ames is
a British agent last on this piece and
watch somebody stole it
another guy's here I think I broke the
glass circuit thought it was shit throw
it on the ground
yeah because he thought first in the
beginning it was wood when he found it
and gold when he found his snuff it's
wood and gold-plated he thought like I
damaged my phone for a piece of wood
thank God he didn't notice at the office
how much how much is worth this is the
phrase I mean you put it on eBay and get
at two three four billion dollars you'll
get a ward off for a while well what
about a tree hugger what up what about a
logo Versace here oh the Versace it is
your connection check I'm not hooking
you up for me
I want a cacao stay here for gentleman
with the text very don't you have fun we
can do an average way what are we doing
right now already
yeah futsuka only wolf midland and
which is that gold man I see they're
gonna say what's up
how do you say what's up what's up we're
we're gone mr. Goines and tell them and
the Panamint look at that pyramid is
that real-life no way no way cue point
three million blocks each weighs between
7 to 3 tons it's enough to make a wall
around France or the height of 3 meters
it's enough to make a wall around 1/3 of
what
yes all right we're going up - all has a
paper right now is holy shit Sally Wow
we were just talking about in Dubai how
you gonna stick with the pyramids and I
here I told you this is amazing
Wow you all good we're inside the
pyramids what are you doing you're
inside the Germans right now you guys
interested when do we get to give up
your feedback all right shit sorry
Wow show
yeah
time's up guys you're welcome Egyptian
over you Italian that's right - but the
only other spitting of the chipra not
matter is II told you to buy we all do
it and did it yes that's how it goes we
just talk that will make shit happen
so we finally got on top of the pyramid
and this is where you see what happening
some fellow in here people is very here
inside the truth so we're top of here
matter it is hot
and I'll make it work Wow just look at
that that was a stairway to heaven now
stay away to back to the graph oh no
come on good one more well show Popo for
the viewers and not climate no climbing
this is no climbing has fun funny oh so
good start
nice little camel walk by the pyramids
wow this looks beautiful and we got Kyra
in the back amazing amazing stuff hey
two guys on one camel wait what is going
on right now I'm going to prison right
now we're gonna take
the prismatic suite or what but it's an
amazing people with mascara without one
of the best things ever go off without
them hello thank you very much
wish who this is amazing Wow
are you serious Wow thank you very much
what's up
this is play a les mots up oh wow this
looks amazing
Wow yep you serious oh my god
refer to that transition though you dig
in that transition though fucking it do
bring clothes
this like takes a lot of your energy to
hold us we were just in Egypt now we're
in Moscow whoo oh my god
Nava we're actually going to snowboard
in the mall I've never done it gonna be
pretty epic
look at the source side it goes great
can they get Canadian to make it take it
okay naked
just got back to my room up there crazy
day in Egypt Thursday was incredible
thank you to everybody thank you guys
for watching thank you I hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog there's more to come
I'm doing something epic in Egypt and
you're going to be part of this history
thank you so much for watching please
give this vlog a big thumbs up and I'll
see you guys tomorrow what is that
