what's up villains what is up villains
thank you for coming back to beautiful
Los Angeles California
it is 6:58 p.m. late start for the vlog
Bob we're headed to a sausage party
sausage party cartoon from your movie
premiere it's rated R it looks so
completely in hysterical and Sasha
Sony's sister emailed some people to
invite me to you know to red carpet like
to promote the movie circuit because I
wanted to see before everybody else that
this is something I wanted to see wow
this is awesome rated R khatoun it means
amazing idea so we got knowledge there's
no more to overcapacity
I just got denied so today is the
sausage party premiere we're going do
you remember what I said if you can
believe it you can achieve it we'll see
because I'm not paying for my movie
ticket for this I got denied those see
sausage party I'm not giving them 15
dollar movie
I rather yeah so we're hopefully we're
gonna get in you're gonna tell step
program what's up yeah I'm gonna see you
guys see guys if I wasn't on probation I
would have took whole bunch of wieners
sausages and start throwing them at Seth
Rogen or who James Franco just just
start throwing them in the red carpet
hilarious bye anyways I don't want to
see if you can believe you can achieve
it because if you really do believe it
you will achieve it song believe that
I'm gonna get in I'm gonna get it but if
I don't get it still believe it you can
achieve it look at that
wow wow that is absolutely phenomenal
shot
remember what I said if you can believe
it you can achieve it was my name on the
list no did that day no I'll tell you
off very enjoy the movie
thank you can see when I tell you about
it when after the movie I can't believe
this work Wow
and if somebody watches this from
sausage party I'm gonna get it trouble
Sabra what's up you wanted to be in
apply sup guys don't do this Oh what are
you gonna do with this you're gonna are
you gonna streak tell Olympics Oh
zhenia want me to go it's not me sure
everybody
ooh
we really wanted to just you know this
movie's a little different than part of
their movies we've been working on for
such a long week here with the a killing
ten years ago we just you watched it
time to fears to say that honestly
what are you doing
oh man
and look who we run into mr. Giancarlo
in the building dude they haven't
checked our ticket once we got these
tickets they basically went
like my name
this lady from selling they're like
we're not supposed to go in this beer
we're supposed to go the one across yeah
that's pretty good
wait wait wait what's our roast showing
slow so our rows were oh there was no oh
in this theater is what's this shit
about it's Peter
decided to sit down but anyways I told
you if you can believe it
right Jody then abroad bikini with
confidence Oh after you achieve
something in life you gotta enjoy
yourself
nice so when we walked out of the movie
theater I don't know if you guys heard
me because there were so many people and
that he realized until I started editing
this vlog which is today it's a Korean
day and yes so the way I stocked in is
basically I came up to the bull call for
the tickets I said I'm the talent I need
my name is Dara vet Suki and they tried
to look it up an envelope she goes I'm
gonna see that name who are you with I'm
like this lady from Sony and I said a
random name I don't want to say just a
random name and like how many tickets
they need I said - and she look at me
but she was thought I was cute or
something cuz she looked at me hmm you
know what I feel bad for this kid so she
gave me two tickets that's how I got in
I didn't think I was gonna get in but
see now I know how my friends do their
concerts or everywhere they go they're
like if you don't have to take his this
fine let's just go just be confident I
will get in so that's how I got in
anyway so today I'm going to this Mary
Mary Juwanna dawn it's a basically a
huge mansion party where everybody just
chills out and smoke and it's pretty
crazy I've never been I got invited a
lot of influencers gonna be there like
supposed to be celebrities I'm allowed
to vlogging there's someone a vlog so
basically it's like for some people who
were pot heads I don't know I'm not a
bottle that smoke sometimes when you
walk in it's gonna be like heaven free
weed free everything dad's edibles a
chef it's a huge mansion in the Hills I
don't know I got invited and I thought
it's gonna be a super fun vlog so since
I took a break from drinking for a while
I'm gonna do a vlog how high can I get
that's right that's the gonna come out
tomorrow so after this video ends I'm
gonna go to that party and vlog for you
guys I'm gonna vlog as much as they can
and don't judge me tomorrow but
tomorrow's vlog is gonna be how high can
I get yeah it's gonna be a lot of fun
but thank you guys so much for watching
I'm about to release this
and a lot of you been asking so I'm
gonna release them any day any week so
look out and thank you guys so much for
watching I love you
don't forget thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow miss Edina let's just see I
wasn't kidding
hello wait oh my god what a thumbnail
