what's up villains welcome to another
vlog uh I don't know what happened to my
boys but uh yeah
so I'm actually had to run out to Santa
Monica to meet up a con from the simple
pickup Kong and Jesse of four jump cut
Academy as I told you guys we started a
partner up with them on teaching my fans
or whoever wants to YouTube how to
become a successful youtuber so it's
basically a jump cut academy it's a it's
a course it's a course if you guys want
to check it out the link is in the
description below but right now we have
a fan meetup and like live Q&A and stuff
I'm super late and I'm headed there I'm
gonna meet some fans or hopefully maybe
their fans maybe to my fans a lot of you
guys signed up and you said it's helping
you a lot for whoever's watching and
sign up and learning things and tweeting
me like oh this is helping me thank you
I just showed up to the Meetup and look
at these boys from VidCon last night
last time I gave him a they give this
house a shout-out for the YouTube
channel cuz they make videos and I by
accident I didn't put in the vlog so
like I gotta do it again so tell him
your channel it Beauty v VI e WV o so
you're about to do some you guys
jump-cut I got a baby on it this is
actually helping us amazing feedback
like it's only not only taught me what
to do and what not to do but
same responses that you get from
different people's amazing like like the
soccer community right you probably
yelling bus instead of like hoping like
oh is anyone gonna like like my video on
YouTube these people right you're like
hey you did this good hey you did that
bad yeah it's just crazy how keep it up
man always we took show of hands and a
lot of people were villains who came
from you yeah right yeah we're like I'm
alright who came from simple kick-out
who came from Vitaly and then they're on
yeah villains true yep yep exactly
I swear to God no but a lot of people
says it actually worked what's up what's
up
I was actually yelling in the audience
because I was at you it's on this side
we also gave away a secret to how to get
to the top of Reddit which is really
wait you serious and it told me they can
only find out if they sign up are you
serious we got even though this is not
really key you know the Europa thing
with the photos so this guy is a crazy
dedicated right here straight from
Minnesota
straight from Minnesota that's crazy you
can't for jump cut Academy if you try
because of that fucking good stop okay
relax knotch don't dislike this vlog
because of him I'm still here talking
but anyways yeah so you're gonna come
with us because yeah because you're cool
cuz I have a question would you have sex
for a million dollars with somebody that
you don't like
yeah
what I would not have somebody
room I didn't like
I'm sorry guys I'm driving right now on
the freeway and I shouldn't probably
vlogging but I'm looking straight I'm
gonna look straight but this kind of
might be a little emotional but not a
really emotional but I just got goose
bumps thinking about it listening to
music I'm driving in the highway in Los
Angeles I live in Los Angeles that was
my biggest dream to live in Los Angeles
and I never thought I could do it I
moved all the way from Florida cross the
whole country by myself and then I'm on
my mama but basically like I'm gonna
tell you guys I've been saying it a lot
and I'm gonna say it again
dreams come true I know it's like yeah
anybody can move but I do what I love to
do living in Los Angeles I used to look
at home Craigslist for acting gigs and
now I'm into movies you see a left at
editions I'm going to be nobody and I'm
9 million subscribers
it's just insane how life works
basically long story short don't listen
to anybody tell you what to do when you
say to your friend or whoever be like my
dreams should be this and people get a
laugh leave that Canyon how gonna be
that you go and do it because you are
going to be that so anything I'm ever
gonna I was going to be a big youtuber
and Here I am sitting just thinking
about life sorry guy just had to share
it I love you guys and yes basically yes
if you want it you can get it so I'm
here in Hollywood Boulevard with aria we
bought Andrea her birthday present for
tomorrow and whoo awesome police officer
stopped me and he's asking for a picture
you guys think safe out here alright hey
what do you think about a birthday
present that I got for one of my
girlfriends oh yeah which because it's
coming out tomorrow sir you look at it
spatially it's like it's like that's a
lot of fucking fun
yeah but yeah I mean I like those back
in 95 but but yeah Andrea if you're
watching this I'm sorry it's from both
of us and if you're gonna use it make
sure you send me a video cuz I'm gonna
be waiting for it oh so just left to Jim
and I don't know what do you guys think
about my mustache keep it or lose it we
got a lot of people say I look good I
don't know I feel like it kind of looks
like a dirt but anyway so what did I did
today I paid today from my speeding
tickets and I'm looking for a new
apartment that's right the year is
almost over since I moved into that
house and me and my mom don't get along
not in the bad way but just like you
know 24 years old I get a live on my own
and it's ridiculous we're kind of moved
together sorry about the lens for
business I want to move alone and I want
to move to a place like where Arielle is
like a Windows a lot of high energy like
the energy from the Sun into the living
room like look at this this is beautiful
he doesn't need a lamp or anything it's
a lot of cool natural light and that's
what I like and I don't know yet where
I'm going to move but I'm gonna have a
lot of big projects coming up I'm
actually filming a video tomorrow before
I go to Andres party with Amanda Cerny
and some of you guys know she's huge an
Instagram vine and all those good stuff
and queen of snapchat what will she
claims to be but now about Amanda we've
been in the movie together airplane mode
Logan Logan poles movie Amanda's killing
it right now and have a great idea
tomorrow so we'll see how that goes but
that president will bat for Andrea's
birthday party what do you think she's
gonna say about it
I'm just you might be kind of pissed cuz
I already used it but like I can clean
it up don't you love it I know
you wanna fucking low video so like
really happen yeah parently the party's
at Alex Mandela's parents house in
Calabasas and it should be pretty lit I
don't know if I'm gonna make it I hope I
can make it because I'm going to be
filming from 11:00 in the morning
so I don't like 4:00 p.m. to get good
reactions and the party is during the
day it's supposed to be a day about
himself
I gotta make I mean I gotta make it I
got to present the dildo yeah well I
bring those cops are cool by the way
they recognized me
oh yeah there's video anyways guys
actually so the vlogger combined from
the other day when I did the jump cut
Academy he's on it a lot of his fans
signed up it really works guys you want
to be successful youtuber you better
sign up the link is in the description
below
it really works I'm not pushing you but
I'm going to be studying to remind you
guys every probably three four vlogs I'm
going to remind you guys about it
because it would be stupid for you not
to sign up but it's helping a lot of
people yeah go ahead every email I get I
mean ever since I saw regression my
emails been blowing up just from people
who are part of junket Academy oh I just
got posted on this blog
oh my video just got 100,000 views
because I serious I swear if I'm not
going to it or not because there's so
many like not hacks like shortcuts about
shortcuts about how to get a lot of
views and everything everything that it
took us a while to learn we teach you
now and it's like a Facebook for social
media if you upcoming social media
people you guys talk to each other like
those other guys said but you get a
feedback if this video is good this
video is good I'm not going to sets out
you guys it's go check it out it's up to
you
a lot of villains signed up and and it's
going to turn into a really really big
website so but I so tonight I don't know
what I want to do because if I go out I
don't know if I'm gonna wake up for
collab and tomorrow's collab is pretty
freaking big so a better wake up we'll
see alright guys so I'm filming with one
and only amanda cerny certainly did I
say that right we finally collabed up
they're like two years that gets up
knowing each other I mean though
cysts would actually don't know each
other yeah but we were in the movie
together airplane mode but this nape Oh
maybe plot so what I was saying it's
funny the reactions of the people
because everyone says yeah I was looking
her ass I was shaking her out and it's
just hilarious I mean wouldn't you look
at this ride red pants all the people
have to stoplight looking at her but
this collab is definitely going good
better than I thought that is going to
be hard
Oh got me I don't know I just feel like
what I would have to like appease people
but people actually look into your butt
like
is great by these two guys these two
fuck boys it's taken us a 15-second
intro to film for about like half an
hour right Tony right ed not Tony just
showing the background it's all ahead
it's all your it's my fault too because
i'm an improv guy i can knock out lines
yeah
also it's like you know that's the time
basically it took me like nine attempts
to eat her booty yeah little got it it's
like the minute my head size 13 years do
mean out usually we know that you're
zooming out i'll and you already zoomed
out and explained it on both of us so
you basically saying he and zooms too
fast
yeah I do that I'm so good you like it
in and out yeah quick it's great you're
Stewart just one more time yeah hey my
face isn't her but let's do this all day
I'm gonna skip let's just see I wasn't
kidding
hello wait oh oh my god what a thumbnail
oh man so I got to this party and I
guess the party is over
what's up yo let me see let me see your
face you look so beautiful
oh wait why is it crooked great party 22
right happy birthday hey my present the
president will make you feel better
I can't do that I think you said when
you're loud you said look at your
friends yet I haven't yet you're still
gonna go out tonight I am
honestly that's one of those things
where it's like it makes you a little
bit hotter yeah I mean except on and I
love how you and I always tried to put
it back in my or yeah I tried so hard to
like shove it and I just was drinking I
am so we just left the house we're
leaving back to a Hollywood Andrea
doesn't even care she's like I'm still
going out I just like you can have
bruises under your eyes she's like I
don't care I'm still going out okay all
right thank you guys so much for
watching this vlog please give it a
thumbs up I love you guys and come back
tomorrow a cup on the blog you should be
a vlog tomorrow but like I told you not
daily vlogs and check out the link in
description told you guys about jump cut
Academy and also what I was going to say
main prank channel is now live with
Amanda Cerny
don't look at my girlfriend's ass go
give it a thumbs up and let him know
that your villain thank you guys so much
I'll see you tomorrow yesterday about
that girl man talking about it my
serious
