what's up villains so today is not gonna
be a vlog today is gonna be a 10-minute
episode of Popeye show that I wanted to
share with you guys I don't know if you
remember a couple weeks back or a month
back I got super high on the show and
they didn't put the whole episode well
this is a full edited episode I want you
guys to enjoy it and please give it a
thumbs up okay guys this is a bad thing
this is pretty good welcome back to
potpie with your host Chris sage which
is me so you want a deal
my guests bring chicken ingredients I
have a secret ingredient there's weed we
cook and we have one hour to do
everything we have a great guest today
I'm really excited about having him on
his name is Vitaly and he does these
awesome pranks on YouTube Vitaly once
you come in man yo what's up what up
dude thanks for coming by oh yeah I'm
kinda hungry yeah maybe we can make
something happen
all right would you bring me you don't
know what I'm you know some bread okay
we got some Nutella my favorite usually
I spread it on the girls booties but
today we're actually gonna eat it
different okay unless I get my booty
you never know who did you dump my booty
I don't know what mine are today water
some cake some milk and peanut butter
let's make something with peanut butter
mix it overs
interesting I don't think you can make
anything of this to be honest and sorry
yeah you know I don't know man I guess
we're gonna find out oh shit well you
know the routine right no yes
okay so on pot pie we have these fun
times where we get to smoke before we
cook and today we have some really cool
CBD which is the non psychoactive part
of the cannabis plant so its THC which
gets us high there is a CBD which is a
medicinal side
okay so along with smoking we'll be able
to have these little CBD gummies that
are actually still tasty yeah they'll
actually counteract that Oh Holly that
we're gonna get if you want to try one
sure it's not acid right no what I know
we get real trippy nice yeah it's not
bad right good right you're the chef so
I don't start this shit 60 minutes on
the clock
Oh see yeah we got 60 minutes 60 minutes
exactly I cook with sometimes not on a
time schedule or what can I help you
with all right so can you open take a
few slices of bread out and then feel
that from the man so tell me a little
bit about what you do what do i do I do
pranks on YouTube since 2011 but I'm the
edgy prankster you know the hedgy
prankster my mom says don't do it you're
gonna get a brain damaged but already I
have a brain damaged so it doesn't
matter yeah I mean it's not like Frankie
what's your bad like when people ask me
what are you doing say pranks and funny
bears because all these people do this
no man there's much worse jobs out there
yeah so tell me a little bit about like
tell everyone about what you do tell you
some ranks Aaron or Batali I ran across
the World Cup in 2014
and a lot of people know me for that
with notch weighting Pranksters ran
across the World Cup just ran or
distributed streak there okay cyclic
security guards got one to Brazilian
jail
that's why I'll stand that the last time
and that actually just did NBA Finals
with Trump stocks across my chest
I can supply that yeah okay fun so I
went to jail for that Tony wait what
happened you bailed me out
Holi fit yeah I mean I brought chum
socks and backward Brown for president
because LeBron was that on this yeah
LeBron was actually the first person to
Instagram a video of me running across
the World Cup no way yeah oh yeah yes
how fun was that it was a lot of fun and
enjoy it wasn't bad I didn't drop the
self this time so I can't tell you much
above is the wincle I would hope so man
I'm curious what the difference between
a Cleveland jail and what the what the
Brazil jail is like Brazilian jail they
let me use a phone
they let me charge the phone to let me
tell my mom they let me they fed me they
gave me water cleveland jail I just
heard a whole bunch of crackheads
screening there's bedbugs on my bed the
whole night all right so I think with
these ingredients I'm gonna go for kind
of a Nutella french toast type thing
with some caramelized banana and a
peanut butter cream sauce what is that
okay oh look at this hey why not huh
this is for baby no we got something
gotta start your own word rolling it
over there what is a little sit to you
or yeah we got some sativa in there I
could do something more oh yeah gonna
get a pill a banana we gotta get this
out of the jar put it in that bowl so I
can see that you like me to tell it but
worse than your other favorite foods I'm
like a solid guy now but I'm trying to
get ripped hell yeah but I don't know
I'm cheating right now suppose they're
cheating I'm supposed to that's writing
I'm good okay well yep Oh God we're
gonna get ready so I'll just put it here
yeah all right a big fat scoop in there
oh my god Nutella overdose right here
let's do this is that to sit no fellas
my shit cuz I grew up in a poor family
so every time my mom was asleep
a little kid I wanted to breakfast I'll
get bread and Nutella damn GG that was
goes way back yeah way back or some
sugar one we run out of themselves
sprinkled and blood what are your most
popular videos what do you think what
are you most proud of or like what do
you think is the funniest Oh have you
heard of a term B even lift bro yeah
yeah I made up I want you big guys at
the gym like even big brisket at night
and together was good yeah and we just
get mad and they're like super jacked
guys that's hilarious look I have a
character Russian hitmen wear a dress up
on them Russian hitman yeah we're just
up in the shoe slick my hair back heavy
Russian accent and I go up some people
at the bus stop with the Cynthia says
you're alive your choice 60 seconds and
I run and they run for the prank is
there's money inside the suitcase so I'm
just trying to get a money but they
would run away from the suitcase and I
got to put in jail for them for two
months no way so southern jail of
America holy shit it wasn't bad a lot of
beach bums so they were calling stuff
they just wanted their beer now there's
a crazy man yeah I don't want to do this
can you sprinkle just like when I
sprinkle I mean like that oh my god on
the top childhood flashback yeah right I
want to bring some more memories over to
you thanks and all right I'm gonna put
them right here in this pan they're
gonna get caramelized in a little bit
I'm surprised that you can focus
honestly do you focus I'm worried it's
very I know it's very hard for me I
never cook well I'm high like when I do
these dinners it's very serious cuz we
have to talk right I know dude this is
hard you didn't that's why I kind of get
like yeah like alright put on face down
here what do mean face downs but it
doesn't look the same
you know exactly what cited some above
but this looks delicious already
well I'm glad you gave me a fucking
desert theme oh it was oh whoa we're
gonna be super high problem I don't know
there are another tiny roll joint you
know what time apparently you cooking
peanut butter I've never seen anything
like this
what I'm just kidding dude I made this
up right now this has never been done
before never been fun so how how is it
getting into sports events now I
actually went to Super Bowl in February
how the fuck they let you into this
listen to this about front-row tickets
super expensive I went there before the
game started I literally just sat down
and if LHINs like oh you gotta come Rick
the tickets in front of me no refund and
kicked me out and ban me from Leela no
way and idea wasn't I was playing for
stream that was the Super Bowl what I do
you know what we're doing but this looks
amazing like I'm probably gonna eat this
whole loaf that's too much yeah dude you
gotta find out go to pool party claps
man I wish I wish I had that discipline
I do I do but it's it's there oh yeah
you got it
okay okay
so what about them legs probably chicken
legs
I played sports my whole life - no way
am i helpful today just that dude if you
can lighten that shit up we're good nice
letter you're gonna be home gym today
all right so I forgot the secret
ingredient I forgot the secret
ingredient wait your team you got the
secret ingredient at least you're honest
and it's never too late for secret
ingredient - so is that a dildo we have
a coffee made dildo specific to Nestle
what why do you have the it's it's a
powderized hot rice nope okay so that's
gonna make a big difference
no but it can work within the dish and
it won't get fucked up damn man this
looks delicious
I'm redoing this is a policy we're gonna
add it to the peanut butter I think we
should need I think we need a cherry on
top and smoke another joint
oh my year hahahaha what's up with those
bananas do you think we cooked enough
yeah you know so that's the sugar is
heating up and then becoming solids and
then forming a crust on the outside
layers of banana which is why when you
bite it crunch oh yeah okay great
so really texture is is very important
to me
gokon and it's why I strive to have a
lot of different textures on these plate
you know you have the the bread which is
soft via the peanut butter sauce which
is it like sticks in your mouth it
brings a little sweetness to the whole
thing so there's a Nutella and tell it
lighter and a little airy and then you
bring it in here this way that should
Caesar just let me eat it yeah there's
some fucking with some fucking awesome
wow this is beautiful
vitaliy is it Sally special Italian
Italian Italian the new tally then the
tally and remember how we we're calling
this nut Sally listen girl this is gonna
tell the ladies and gentlemen hey this
is great wait wait
Wow Wow Wow
so the whole point of this is that I
created something that you wanted me to
make you did what did you want me to be
um I knew I wanted to something like
that obviously but I don't know I
thought you just gonna make me a
sandwich a Nutella sandwich
well fuck man this is a Nutella sandwich
dude this is awesome doesn't it wait
you're gonna need it though - fantastic
just let me know when I can start bite
into it I'm gonna okay Oh would milk
they get in bro you're gonna have one
with me man yeah bro I'm just gonna have
with me you made this for 45 minutes
delicious you took your time you put
effort into it and you made this
absolutely fantastic thank you very much
yeah I appreciate it dude this is freaky
hmm I'm gonna go when the camera stops
guys this is I'm going for another are
you ready here you try thank you Batali
for coming on man it was a real pleasure
thank you sincerely thanks to fear in
their eyes me thank you for watching
this has been pop pie
well hope you guys enjoy it thank you so
much for watching and I'll see you
tomorrow with the vlog but right now I'm
gonna go through my prank with Amanda
Cerny for national TV marinelle honest
and I wanna
