what's up villains welcome to another
vlog thank you guys so much for coming
back and watching another episode and
that's what happened in the previous
clip when you do like day to day before
you collapse and damn eyes look good in
this life anyways guys do you remember
that guy in my vlog about a month ago
from company report that wanted to be
the youngest pilot to fly to fly across
America I'm gonna play the clip right
now for you guys to remember tell my
viewers what you're doing you're a pilot
I'm pilot I'm 16 and I'm gonna break the
world record to be the youngest fly
around United States with this play at
the blue one man come on boy yeah show
me show me that's awesome dude hell yeah
man Congrats that's some balls so um you
check the engines and everything right
I'm sure everything's good pre-flight ok
so this summer
well it's our summer so yeah July 5th at
7 o'clock I'm being here at the constant
airport and I'll be taking off from here
I'll go to Maine I'll go to Washington
I'll go to Florida and I'll come back
this plane can go to Florida mm-hmm
clothes wherever you want to take it
it's all you have got your stops you
should make it oh get fuel I'll stop to
get fuel and sleep how many times you
use how many stop oh so you can't go on
would one like from here to Florida
can't do in one take no you're suni guys
yeah of course who's gonna be with you
have instructor his name is Hector
that's awesome dude are you excited I'm
super stoked
nice dude Congrats so what's your dream
like who do you want to be you want to
be a pilot owner Robin I want to be like
him he does like um helicopter for
movies and production and all that he's
really awesome dude and he's the one who
inspired me to start doing this war
record good man this would be him I knew
that kid already did it he's all over
the news
he did it he was a big big fan he told
me to call him one day and I found a
good reason to call him and catch up and
congratulate him so I'm about to call
him and Tony's about to come in in the
car I'm gonna do what when he's here
he goes hello yo hello what's up bro Oh
hallo yep I'm making your day that's not
just kidding
it's Vitaly congratulations brother
oh my gosh oh yeah I just want to call
you okay I just want to call you in
cranker and congratulate you on all your
success you did it brother you're the
youngest guys to fly across America oh
you're on the blog too I'm recording
this for the vlogs I just wanted to let
you know keep it up see dreams come true
just believe in them man you want it you
want it you want it to do something and
you did it so keep pushing your goals
and all your successes and just yeah
just stay hungry
haha thank you yeah yep I still have
your number bro I still have her number
no no worries
have a good day I wish you best in life
good luck and you have my number
anything you need anything just text me
call me I love you brother
Oh d say bye
finally after after how long I don't
know I've been telling myself I want to
be by the Sun for the longest time ever
like six months now this is my first
time I'm actually taking my shirt off
and laying down and enjoying the day
it's beautiful out I'm taking meetings
phone calls just laying down here
planning more stuff Tony is writing his
new movie proud of you we're working it
just because I'm not uploading pranks
doesn't mean I'm worried not working
right oh yeah but I know you guys are
missing friends but check out this view
I don't know what's better that view or
that view would that viewer that view
this view or that view uh finally after
some Sun got an awesome workout and
guess who is here your favorite by Logan
so we're here is sitting at tender
greens eating and I got Tomatoes but you
can't tell anymore they were little
yellow there were little yellow cherry
tomatoes and then Logan's sitting here
and he's like do you think they picked
their tomatoes from this ah it was
exactly the same tomato exactly the same
what do you guys think well there's not
enough Tomatoes though that's why I
don't know but you know what bothers me
the most is a change of subject
it's when a person uses a hair dryer at
the gym for his ball sack or his feet so
you know what I'm gonna do probably in
tomorrow's vlog I don't have a printer
at home but no excuses no I do have a
printer at home I'm gonna print do not
use only use hair dryer for hair not for
your balls or feet you could put a
warning sign up with like a a guy with
his balls on fire be like oh my gosh on
fire that's how layers like an emoji
like a stick figure
no but the guys literally at the gym
just like this like this
and we use it for our hair yeah it's
insa but she uses for his hair too I
mean think I should be locked up in
years prison so I'm chilling here on
bumble and if you guys don't know what
bumble is hello good kid stuff laughing
it's a dating website so this girl goes
hey what's up I got tired of games hey
how are you I'm chillin straight to the
point
hi what's up I'm like chillin with the
boner you let's see what her responses
about these is this where were you guys
the tomatoes you guys gave me you got to
pick them from here oh no we can mainly
from source Oh formerly I've
so what are this we have so you guys
therefore just so they're like the
arugula do you actually like are you
serious but not all locate not all
locations have gardens like this no no
so this is just a special tender green
yes this is fresh so what makes goes in
the salad yeah so what makes you think
the homeless what makes you think the
homeless people not gonna go and eat
this they don't like green dinner like
greens we offer them thought at the time
to know are you serious yeah so you
offer the homeless people so yeah that's
awesome dude and there's like no you're
like you know we should be like what
about crack yeah so I came to this party
and this is a really crazy story I have
to vlog you're not supposed to larger
than specific cameras away but they
didn't I'll tell you what party later
these two beautiful girls hi
they're from Germany oh my god on camera
you and look okay never mind that window
usually babies come out of Aegina but
they came out of that window a giant
baby came out of that window and why'd
you guys come out of that window wide
you can talk German okay I'll see comes
in right so yeah just say you got a lot
what it tells the story they close yeah
lock - Donovan and stoner and I'm seeing
van Oscar Osgood honest amor
mfana I've got so desperate so for this
one I just give our national keep
American all honest and I want her jump
let me see here
initial like and here are you gonna show
me your bottle kick good Wow but there's
no way I want to use that bathroom that
I wouldn't climb through that would have
been stuck like you got it was our best
model scouts offense that old-school
whores Wisconsin fence on Wisconsin
woman up in my mom there yeah yeah I
have put the rubbish okay okay so we
left the party and chocolate shake
completion started today the pigeon size
tomorrow bro diced are small but on a
serious note the party yesterday went to
was a Chelsea party who is a Chelsea
soccer team
I met John Terry the goalkeeper was
amazing awesome awesome guy it was just
a lot
I just anyways the whole Chelsea team
the guys were like back in the day used
to be such a big fan but now I barely
knew any players but he's supposed to
walk in with a lot of girls what kind of
bread girls but then they're like
there's not too many dude it's like
because I brought Tony so like whatever
and what about one of the players
recognized yeah and they let us then so
it was amazing but another knowledge
those German girls though
anyways I'm about to go watch a movie
chillin at the Grove that's a so while
watching the movie i valeted my car here
and have a car wash here I haven't
washed my car in months so let's see how
clean my baby is not that baby
my baby so I was gonna stay such a
beautiful job but I got detailed but
this is a great detail man 65 bucks Wow
bring my grandma critic we better than
this
now it's a nice job thank you guys it's
nice whoo finally a clean car thank you
Wow Wow I just thought they did a great
job
I actually yeah I had a scratch in my
car cuz I like kind of scratched my car
so another truck a truck and had a
scratch that I would have to take it to
the shop they took it all out so I can't
complain thank you guys so much for
watching this vlog and I don't want to
end this log into pressing Stape I just
want to say um I lost one of my good
Russian girlfriends yesterday in a car
crash due to a drunk driver and I just
want to say please don't drink and drive
everybody everybody survived in the car
except her and it's just terrible news
and I don't want to end this logging
depression but yeah it just sucks so I
just want to say don't drink and drive
think twice because everyone's like oh
I'm good to drive I'm good to drive
that's why I always take uber lyft so
thank you guys so much for watching this
vlog and give it a big thumbs up if you
enjoyed it it's crazy I'm at Chelsea
soccer team just insane never thought
this day would come those German girls
but don't forget to give it a thumbs up
and I'll see you guys tomorrow skip
anymore vlogs but we'll see I told you
not a daily vlog channel but I should
turn it in anyway so I'll see you guys
tomorrow
let's see done it's time
No
