what up the lens - welcome to another
vlog and I'm with your favorite man of
all times the mecca bodybuilder Eugene
alright what we're doing how do you do
your legs you spend an hour yeah I spent
an hour on the leg press so I start to
sweat brass I go to sets this each wait
so one play two sets C plays - says 25
reps every time and we go up to like
five plates and then we drop it back
again all the way down to one plate
again
Mizzou is so he's about an hour legs
here so it comes in frame from our buck
so you don't need it it's kind of like a
replacement squat in the way I let's see
you want to look baked right a bit
strong don't give up don't give up I
know it's not a lot of weight but when
you do 25 it's a lot of weight it's
burning good guys you want something go
get it get up go to the gym right now
this is gonna be like a motivational
video get off your couch if you're
watching this
just please watching it give it a thumbs
up and go to the gym
really slow tomorrow boy
come on baby don't ever skip leg day
don't ever play yourself position your
feet the way that to can tell it's easy
those are motherfucker I can explain his
English is let his mind but basically
will stop uni has to be barrel all right
yeah so I mean if you need is is getting
like Bastia toes
yeah you're not doing this right because
of all the weight world is gonna go to
its so Sean you want to know so you got
to be equal
yeah that's why I say that's a that's it
yeah it's not much of an English leg day
baby what else do you want nice but like
that or what how do you want a nice bun
leakers uh-huh uh-huh do it how many
shirts me well 25 yeah 1215 1215 is good
with you biggie huh 17:38 yeah yep yep
yep yep yep yep yep
oh so this is the 8th set so this is my
8th set of every total but this is my
second one with 4 plates I'm gonna
probably try to do 8 and after 8 what
are we doing we're dropping yeah two
three and back to one again yeah but we
got to do 25 times again and all the
yeah come on dude you got to be kidding
me that's what what is this freaking
Russian workout
you those legs
this guy doesn't skip leg day no more
and if he's still complaining a lot like
you really we go do this a few later my
teeth my teeth I taste the blood Africa
is all the pressure of doing it right
not for me
so I just had an awesome meeting with
the money team brush gun and this guy
come across what's up bro are you thanks
for hooking me up with my car I feel bad
I feel bad I don't have the ATMs down I
feel bad I couldn't tip you what about a
bill and hat it's a brand new hat yeah
yeah why you look so awkward in it
you got the villain hat bro I'd even
release those yet you got an exclusive
one appreciate it yep enjoy see you bro
she liked the Hat again on the Hat ah
but yeah so I just had a meeting with
the money team Russia awesome guys
Greek meeting talked about my trip to
Moscow planning some big things I don't
know if I should have shared it with you
but now because I'm not sharing any
ideas but yeah I just had an awesome
meeting and they gave me this hat it's
pretty cool thank you guys
you're amazing it's a beautiful day more
meetings today I don't have to put my
seatbelt on I will ride after stop this
log actually it's green light right now
so
life is good finished off with all my
meetings and guess who came over my boy
Tony Tony so well the viewers I just
came up with such a great content well I
didn't come up with it I had an idea and
I was scared to share it and I shared it
with Tony Tony and Tony you loved it for
the main channel Tony's gonna help me
produce it we can't talk about it we
just gonna make it happen it's going to
be for guaranteed videos a month on the
main channel but I don't know what no
we're gonna start soon like next week I
have another meeting tomorrow for the
production so hopefully everything goes
good fingers crossed it's going to be a
show that you never seen before it's not
a prank but it is gonna go my main
channel it's gonna be for the fans it's
very sexy unique you guys are gonna love
it and you know how you guys all asking
me what happened to the battalion
censored you just got to watch battalion
censor would you thing honestly with too
much too much CDs did you like to show
the prankster pranks funny it was sexy I
gotta go go hard on this a little and
yeah it needs to be on TV thank you sir
- yeah because this can't go on that can
go on YouTube when I showed you I know I
can yeah that's why that's why that's
enough to promote this video I'm
actually not gonna do how I'm gonna
promote this show because no it's a big
it's a big planning to do I'll tell you
later but yeah I'm hype you guys up
because a lot of is going on Russia
Europe all this is going on that's so
I'm gonna vlog for you guys now I'm
getting like an addiction and I'll skip
yesterday again but I'm sorry just can
do daily yeah my to not other oh thank
you for all your reviews Yorkshire guys
watch 30 minutes of the vlog that means
I can just ramble on right now just talk
talk talk talk and you guys gonna watch
it so thank you or maybe that was just
entertaining me walking around so
anyways we're riding here brainstorming
concepts for the rest of the week for
you guys because I want to shoot some
main channel videos and just a lot going
on so thank you guys bear with me and
it's going to be a fun next six months
that's not your bedroom you're still
beautiful what no
you're not a zombie go what are you
going Teleco petrol go to bathroom no
why why you came here what are you gonna
do here what to shape my to show you
okay show me how you walk straight line
maybe need a hoverboard
okay
maybe you're fine you can go work now
okay yeah who are you gonna drive yes
you're sure yes I think you have to take
a nap okay let's go
the tight stop I have to do some stuff
no you cannot two hours just please be
patient two hours only can you wait
these are two hours it's open one two
you can't put anything in the danger
stars it ah interesting jars will be
able to suck cock yeah food that's
disgusting you cannot even say that
let's go no meet Ali you just start
getting annoying
what what do you want to do but only I
have to go get your medication you think
I'm on drugs
but I can still do a kickflip first try
yes we can do whatever the fuck you
cannot do anything today
please don't say bad words Riza napkin
there's a blood in your mouth yo that's
it done please
surely go the usual indication I'm going
right now but I'm gonna go with you by
yourself in the house like that huh no
please take your pants off
cannot lay down and do it it pants I
feel so good
oh all right here you please can you
please what give me the medication and
don't steal it for me why you should
steal your medication because you're
dated to painkillers no I'm not I never
even tried painkillers oh oh yeah you
were okay
put your power in the pillow right there
can you take Vitaly why I'm so if not
fucking like I like fire hey like my
normal was a little drowsy I know it
looks like your little drowsy ah
but if yet mom oh yeah everything's in
there can you listen you're gonna be
hard take the pants off no just you in
the fucking shimmer and what are you
gonna do is camera no okay let me turn
oh thank you guys for watching this vlog
yeah don't forget to give it a big
thumbs up I'll see you guys tomorrow
the Soudan yet hey guys thank you so
thank you mine the wire will live so
like bread it's not read a lot and
there's like so much I can feel here
oh stop it
you didn't expect what'd you say so you
know how I just shot up the footage of
me yesterday not be able to do a
kickflip or not yesterday because of my
wisdom teeth so show me fucking do it
first try hold on no come here
come over here like this me I have to
what the dogs not because I want to show
them that I was really messed up I
couldn't do a kickflip for Shrike
because I was under the influence
whatever they gave me you can see right
now everything yes I can go kickflip
first shot alright Lennon once largest
circus don't when I lift up my hand
already sure well it's gonna be at least
second trial see I was really messed up
now I'm gonna do nollie right here
nollie heelflip oh that's stopping until
I do it I know it's like a little kid
thing but it's addicting already nollie
heelflip alright ready
hold on hold on them don't be nervous
relax II I know you can do it alright
guys so tomorrow cheating on my routine
how I'm going to work out I'm working
out three hours from 9 in the morning to
12 I was going to say midnight to noon
so it's one right now
I've eight hours of sleep as to graded
the vlog so if you guys enjoyed this
vlog that was my day don't forget to
give it a big thumbs up and I update you
guys and everything that's going on in
my life so thank you here's my mom you
guys missed her haven't seen her in a
while yep yep yep yep so thank you guys
and don't forget to come back tomorrow
and I'll see you tomorrow don't get to
come back tomorrow
this dude I knit I missed and then they
come in every day oh my god yo I want
you guys to holy shit her but though I
don't know I'm gonna show y'all guys
