what's up villains how are you yesterday
I didn't have a vlog because I was
completely sick I got the flu I have the
coffin still in the car but today I woke
up with such a sharp pain in my tooth
it's time for my wisdom teeth to be
pulled out the pain is just unbelievable
but I had courage enough to pick up the
small camera because anyone let you guys
down but since I can't eat like food
food I'm gonna big protein pancakes
these campaign cakes pretty much are
eggs protein and banana and all you do
is this BAM
straight up protein so started today my
tooth is finally better but I'm
definitely getting a surgery one of
these days so you guys gonna see Vitali
knocked out under surgery my mom's gonna
come and vlog with me and uh well yeah
maybe all drugged up I don't what is
this morphine or whatever they use it
but I don't know I'm gonna definitely go
to sleep because I hate the dentist
anyway said it right now to get my visa
process for Amsterdam because I'm still
going to Europe and I'm thinking about
going to Moscow told you guys that my
grandparents is sick and yeah don't do
my stuff before I go smart
you're sick I got to go to Moscow two
moments to visit them next month but I
just want to focus on work I feel like
every time I leave to go travel it
messes up my I can make it right here it
messes up my like a routine of working
you know I'm killing it killing it
doesn't go away and then something
happens so anyways and then after this
I'm gonna go oh my Rolex broke so I'm
sleeping on my watch I wake up and it
stopped ticking so now if you shake it
you can hear the mechanism whatever is
inside it's all like shattered oh it's
all broke apart so it's like I don't
know you can make sounds music kind of
it so I have the card the warranty for
the Rolex I'm gonna take it to a Rolex
or see what they say if it's make some
hope at 6:00 I mean it's a Rolex and
after that I'm going to go see Jesse
from prank vs. prank and Venice Beach
he's in out of Venice I'm gonna go see
him but first let me get this visa for
Amsterdam because Europe I'm coming for
you why I don't know why about why
so basically Christian is helping me to
apply for this visa and Netherlands
there's no embassy in California there
is the other ones embassy but they don't
answer their phones and they don't
answer the emails and actually I don't
think there's an address to and they
said you have to apply in person in San
Francisco while I live in Los Angeles so
tomorrow we're gonna try to call a dc1
this is what the International passport
that said anyways yeah so I'm having
problems right now so I'm thinking about
maybe applying to go to Spain to visa
for Schengen visa and then just go there
from Netherlands we'll see but I also
forgot to tell you also the good news
that I'm getting my footage back from
the police station for the Hollywood
sign the official footage me climbing
the D I'm getting that back from the
police and I'm gonna upload that on the
main channel because a lot of people is
asking me where they see the news
channel wouldn't see the actually the
footage from your GoPro and the vlog
so I'm gonna upload that and show you
how I did it step for step behind the
scenes it's gonna be fun so just turn my
relaxin it's gonna take six weeks six
moves to get it hopefully I'll ever see
that watch again I don't know if I guess
we just showed up to my place and he's
already dragging me to get some ice
cream because depletion depletion out it
starts today your favorite filming me
and I'm filming yeah I know but at the
beginning we're depleting you ready all
right guys it's the next day and I'm not
gonna lie to you I stopped blogging
yesterday after ate that ice cream
my teeth were hurting so bad but before
I even need ice cream my teeth were
hurting so bad I just couldn't talk I
didn't want to look ridiculous so I woke
up this morning and I said I need to
make an appointment so I'm actually late
right now I have an appointment to the
dentist I'm getting my teeth pulled I
never thought this day would come
where I would have to get my wisdom
teeth pulled but it's about time you
guys coming with me and I'm super
nervous and scared I'm not scared of
anything but I just I don't want to wake
up and I've already know what kind of
pain I'm gonna wake up in and it just
sucks sucks sucks sucks and I'm gonna
spend the whole week at home am I gonna
be able to film or anything maybe I can
make funny vlogs where I can't talk to
the camera and trying to say something
but anyways you guys coming with me
thanks for your support well I hope
you're supporting me because you're on
the other side of the screen and I don't
know so let's do this oh no oh my god no
why am I here oh god are you guys
putting me to sleep or what are you
doing first oh to see how bad the pain
is gonna be what I'm terrified
me going on what where
oh well usually hurts from both sides
but this pain came back from one side
but it's so bad now that my ear hurts
the back of my head hurts and like the
lower neck hurts
okay so we're right I just on my channel
yeah I'll bring it I'll bring all my
viewers along all right this is going on
here so what's happening - there's a
little normal enough well what's going
on is that it's coming out oh this is
this is why I tired them the other ones
well the doctors making him take the
whole procedure okay yeah but it's half
way so that means it will be easier to
pull out what about that with my left
side we're gonna do extra the other side
let me go ahead and take a look open
guess who showed up for mental support
thank you dude count down to ten turn
out to one you're working we did they
already give you a lot of some extra
yeah wanna be it's going to be cold it's
gonna have to be full but not today it's
better to do with an oral surgeon yeah
it's good to do with an oral surgeon
under general anesthesia and general not
about winning
oh so we came today for sure not today
so I go through the weekend I do love
his novel you son
I do a lot of extractions myself but the
ones that are difficult like this it's
very difficult yes this is why I say
different if you look on the route here
yeah yeah
curved roots what we call curved okay so
it's not straight like though exactly
what that means exactly that means it's
better for you that oral surgeon will do
it wait so you're not gonna be doing
no but then did I understand waffles or
you will get on it for y'all so I'm
gonna have to be put to sleep in your
songs better yeah yeah what if I just
take in the command and you should yeah
you could well that kind of it's a good
news what kind of bad news bud
well I'll get you out of pain okay yeah
the pain is crazy yeah
Chaz got to Venice Beach and check this
out make America great again
those comments the Hitler great minds
think alike KKK white America what's up
Jesse how what up what's up a new
neighborhood is your neighbor yeah
what's up and then we got crazy fans
over there
we got Tony myself I got my surgery
tomorrow so before surgery I decided to
have a nice day log in every day now bro
don't put me on the spot like that now
not on the book but they're not getting
mad anymore I can skip two days few days
sometimes I'm faster the villains Joe
what's up what's up my villains oh I
know I haven't been daily vloggers
nosewheel but I feel that it feels like
let me see what it feels like and I hold
your camera yo what's up early I know ah
mister then they come in every day oh my
god yo I want you guys to holy shit look
her butt though hold on mister y'all
guys I mean this is a villain
vlog so we got away all day I see that
girl right there whoa we'll go talk to
it the Potala totter come on come on
vlogger right now just go talk to her
just say something nice story come on
Pete do it don't be a pussy Billy Billy
Battaglia oh my god bro Charlie what are
you doing you better run over there
always I want to do is with her now huh
that's not her fan they're just admiring
her but - that's all she thought that's
how I like it over there some dude beat
you to it
there you go sir he goes go go go go
dude save her save her from him he's
with his parents this - sitting on his
girl with his parents okay guys I let's
see how it works
where's he going he won't pass them
where the Yellen
who was got hit by a motorcycle don't be
a pussy Vitaly
oh he's gonna cut this he's gonna cop
this
he can't because that girl is already
being talked to us I'm not a pretend
fish in that car yeah hope you tell it
or not look at me Oh Phil not like Emily
I'm like so clearly in the in the shot
unfortunately
you say it's not about her squattin
the upper coronary
and I'm pretending I'm messing my
skateboard right now so I don't feel hot
fulfillment
is he getting her number I'm gonna be so
jealous if he does
this whole phony Martin didn't tell you
got a number
see you guys this is what I always think
like that girl oh she's never gonna give
me her number she's never gonna give me
her number and then you go and you do it
and you get her number so Jessie thank
you for the whole course night okay and
then and then she goes like yeah it's
like we squatted together before I did a
lame pickup line I'm like you look
familiar
guys never use that which is like you
know what I don't work out but we can do
some yoga together
Deb alright so we rented the bikes
riding around the beach it's pretty
windy but these wind protectors are
helping me out I hope I don't know but
check out this top stuff ah this is
amazing stress relief but the beaches
here are not like Miami where I can just
go and prank people on the beach
everybody is expecting something here
it's California it's LA it's all about
film and everything so but I just want
to tell you guys appreciate the little
things you have in your life because
I've been complaining a couple days oh
I'm not happy with this and I'm happy
with this but right now I'm just riding
this bike and it's like ah I'm just
enjoying life just just enjoying life
this is amazing just be happy with what
you have that's what I learned from
today's lesson well I always tried to
remind myself that but anyways I really
want to go to Miami for a month again I
just film because I feel like it's not
the same filming here it's just not I
don't have the same vibe like back in
the day in Miami
so many motherfucking people ready
online and II just recommended me to get
some pokey pokey in Venice Beach this
looks unbelievable
welcome to Santa Monica anywhere we go
we'll work out Gold's Gym the home of
the bodybuilders Arnold everybody Braun
Coleman just named mr. Olympia they all
worked out here I love this gym and I
just got a social club like Equinox why
are you embarrassed that I'm talking to
you the home of the bodybuilding and I'm
the next one I am you guys are from my
blessing is there events it's like
Schwarzenegger
it's a sign I saw as I said it I don't
know how many times about my tooth
surgery is tomorrow my teeth tooth and
I'm pretty scared but I know I'm gonna
make a good vlog out of that and yeah
it's Friday night everybody's going out
it's okay I don't want to go out anyways
yeah I don't want to go honey and I are
planning to write some awesome ideas
while I'm in my tooth coma after two
days we're gonna write it but okay yeah
yeah well you know what I mean we're
gonna write some awesome ideas for this
week that we can we can do and I want
them from it yeah I feel for you guys
but I wanted to say excuse excuse it how
do you say it like when you want to not
terminate excuse me execute execute
we're gonna execute some ideas we're
gonna execute some ideas sorry from a
broken English I know this vlog been
about a lot so I'm gonna go back to my
visa Amsterdam doesn't have an embassy
here if I want an appointment with the
Netherlands embassy I gotta go to San
Francisco New York or Miami ridiculous
so I'm looking for another country which
is probably going to be Sweden to fly
into Schengen visa to get a Schengen
visa I'm gonna fly in just meeting
because I actually wanted to go to
Sweden three top places that I want to
go in August the Netherlands while I
need to Spain and Sweden
I haven't been to London our London is
nice I have a lot of villains there
bird and the pranks can be very good a
lot of big people that can collaborate
but that's all night long plan I feel
like I want to stay here now focus ah
what's up villains so this is about to
go down right now in about five minutes
your boy oh yeah over here
yeah you know stuff uh go alright
you know things about to get real and
you see all these tools this is why did
I do this why I'm so scared
might I get to wake up a little higher
oh yeah I have too real for not too for
upper and bottoms
whoa
so but you had a key that you were me
which which one is it with me to see
this define all these muscles
the heartbeat is going down
do you feel anything huh
do you keep why you're laughing oh I
already did
going down oh my god it's Ali do you
relax
after we all right back
good luck yeah this is it
how you feeling how you feel baby doctor
said even when you hi all right the
doctor said you're so funny
even when you're high swallow he was
laughing all day
really but wait he didn't sleep
completely it just it's just so just nom
the whole thing and then he's the CIA is
a little deeper so he was deeper and oh
thank you doctor thank you so much okay
baby can you walk one block we're done
yeah and he got one remember here is a
great job great job I give you extra
guard life is beautiful
ah that's really beautiful those be the
winner here okay let's go click oh home
are you so you are you want to love
yourself
ah ah dude come on let me for this
ah I'll be going home so you have to
blow this side and you have to edit the
vlog oh you're wrong oh you're scum you
will be gonna do with you I can accuse
them all right ma look close no you
leave is fine my life is okay but it's
not follow as well and with this are you
gonna give them keys yeah all right what
do you want to do oh here's that m8 hey
don't please Oh
but you're not going to walk like this
in the street over there right hello why
no hold your like bloody things in your
mouth but don't show the people oh I'm
for real
it's Ali okay that's disgusting close
your mouth so you're deaf I'm sure you
know you will want the straight but let
go please open your mouth oh because you
ridiculous
please close the mouth there is people
get up come on I didn't I'm looking in
here look look right there look for you
yeah no close your mouth twist
can you close and we're gonna go whoa hi
because I'm not going to feel you right
there because
gonna be extra awkward you know to work
with a young girl under the Jeep up in
his keel was there a little bit blah are
you kidding me oh darling no one
understands you anyway
can you please I am my name is Michelle
there I am can you walk faster
oh my god let's go oh so slow I can't I
look like that the people will say
you thought it was shit
oh I'm sorry can you move Oh
can you see it in the car Ruffo ball
this is our car yeah go see wait are you
doing oh look don't do it fucking doing
do Deus you go you want me to be
arrested
stop can you can you please seat Vitaly
no I'm fucking serious you're
embarrassing it can you see it
please inside of the car can you please
follow me tell her the people looking at
you can you use oh wow
yeah I'm like so fucking embarrassed go
inside it because people just stop and
learn please can you begin starvin
before fucking filming you can you know
Batali
no I'm serious gimme a key can you
freaking see inside please you're
embarrassing me goal it can't go inside
Oh stainless behind the tree and feel me
all those work including Kim Kardashian
yes can you put about one please buckle
yourself
young are you okay
are you doing know the time no don't
don't
please haha
hey you're gonna lose your phone right
now
Kim you
shit Natalia key don't do this
thirty
you have blood in your
please fucking live some fucking dead no
hold it because it's a full of blood
hold inside please
vampire pussy juice
nor Batali's it's not a joke put in
earmarks
we need a girl on my beard
that's disgusting action
nothing can stop you shoot fuck hey like
my normal was a little drowsy no it
looks like you're a little drowsy ah
brilliant MA oh yeah everything's
alright guys to update you I'm on my bed
right now I'm gonna take a rest and edit
and work on some more stuff I look
completed out of it I know what I'm
talking about so my lips a little red
little bloody but accepted ah but thing
guys for coming along I just felt old
your strength around me I felt like I
guess or holding my fingers and said
Vitaly everything's gonna be okay
that's why was everything ok it wasn't
that bad as it was but it was crazy I
was away kind of the whole time I'm
surprised I thought you gonna sleep the
whole time there's always a way with ice
clothes just feeling shit oh really
yeah I think I'm lashing to get some
parts it tickles nothing they're gonna
lie no current day I feel amazing I
don't know how some people said all
guitar you're gonna be in bed for a week
oh you're not gonna be able to eat I'm
completely fine right now I think I'm
gonna go enjoy the day it's beautiful
out I don't want to waste a day this is
one of my longest logs so if you guys
meet at the end please let me know in
the comments because it means the world
to me the villain hats are coming out
very soon you guys all asking about them
don't get any limited orders it's gonna
be only limited hats
so get ready but thank you guys so much
for watching the vlog I'm gonna try not
to skip any days I know skip a day or
two but I'm gonna try not to skip any so
please come back tomorrow and check up
on the vlog I'm gonna do something fun
today for you guys thank you so much for
watching don't forget to give it a big
thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow
let's see that dude how are you
hello runway there a little marshmallow
for this marshmallow right here yes
