what's up villains what up what up we
got Johnny your favorite chocolate in
the back I've got this guy our live
driver to pick this up what's up man
so we're driving to Manhattan because
I'm leaving tomorrow to Miami and I got
a hotel tonight because it's my last
night and I figured I don't want to go
from Brooklyn to the airport I want to
leave Manhattan so tonight I got to
invite him to this Russian model party
offer know what's going on but this
guy's awesome because he just ended my
trip and says why am i charging you why
you're not charging me huh I'm a big
family
really what's your favorite video ah ha
maybe we do but yes so to addicted to to
them damn I'm gonna miss you John
it's been great it's been a great
productive trip I'll meet you in LA I
mean in Miami motherfucker
well I'll be in to buy you know the buy
once a year is on checkpoint I don't
know if I'm gonna go in December January
but as far as Miami
I actually got some collabs set up I
don't know but I hope so and I'm gonna
be working on my mean prank channel
video but today I think I'm gonna go to
Central Park I want to leave before I
leave New York I want to go to Central
Park and that's with some people so
that's what I'm going to today we're
gonna hit the gym hardcore chest and
tries and then we're gonna go to Central
Park before
the night begins I should say the calm
before the storm the traffic was so bad
that me and Johnny had to get out it's
bad is she looking at what why she's
smiling why are you smiling you like the
chocolate you like my chocolate friend
what's up boys stay out of the blog no
good are you sure hi guys so far
what is going on she's getting your
phone over Savage what's up yeah what's
up bro Wow no holy shit we just got out
of the gym yo dude no no she's got a big
crate right in front of us yeah right in
front of us right in front of us guys
literally walking around literally we're
just walking up down the street and this
happened did a couple more couple more
feet wrong time wrong place
damn wow this is bad why are you
flashing your lights but you see there's
a car crash do people want like this
want to get knocked out I'm booking the
car yeah I know
but nothing happened to the Escalade but
this car get messed up and this cars
honking
calm down calm down all right
cut cheese honking like I'm on the move
look look look at this people go around
what are you doing okay you catching the
Pokemon you dressed so beautifully and
you're gonna go get your Pokemon are you
going out I'm going yep so you're gonna
be catching a Pokemon in the club I got
it
no not a club at an event is it really
addicting um I would say so here put
your number who should meet up at school
it's Helene yeah yeah my father I get my
number in text oh okay yeah I gotta get
back to my hotel
charge up take a shower and go out with
this boy and what are you guys did you
go to yeah I got him so now it does oh
he's trying to get out oh I got him I
locked him in I did where are you I
don't see you
where is she so me and Johnny are going
out right now I decided not to wear a
hat switch it up a little bit and I will
walk inside the lift and guess what turn
the lights on yeah every driver in New
York City safe to say knows what sob do
I've gotta be kidding me brother what's
up dude this is hilarious every single
key you stop what you gotta go to cover
boys in my car bro I can't take you
right down to this edge
my favorite chocolate my kanye west's my
little list I'm gonna miss you and
everybody's gonna miss you if you guys
want to watch Johnny's vlogs because
he's gonna vlog in to buy his luxury
life but this guy subscribe
the link is a description telling your
channel name Johnny Sierra okay Robin
and miss you
okay guys I don't know how this happened
but I ended up in Miami with my boys
right here some hot girl in the
background
Oh rad rad I'm staying with and you guys
don't know what I went through to get to
Miami I missed like three flights I know
don't ask ow it's a long story but we
headed to story with marshmallows gonna
be a fun night I don't know what time
we're getting back get back home cuz you
know how red does it and eleventeen know
that mean love here's me Hey Dude how
are you hello lovely there
hello marshmallow whoa this marshmallow
right here yes to the yester vitality so
we're walking to the story to his sets
my first time see him live can't wait
I actually flew just for the show
because my friends I see you many time
but next time I don't know when I see
him next recipe but I'm excited let's
see we're gonna do we're gonna flip she
upside down you're gonna push out all
this crew
India laughing Sara okay check these
guys out all the signatures are you know
you'll we launched it artist honorable
I'll tell you everything you do so got
42 hours which is your credit
you show me the party to all students
No
Oh
Oh
Oh
Wow look at this view
waking up in beautiful Miami and I don't
know if it's this view so so this is
where it all started right here this man
hired me what's up Agia you doing how
are you doing good how are you nice to
see you I can see you back though I've
been working here for about five six
years five six years sorry does a busboy
much later Waymire me like wow how many
times you fire me telling the story ok
vitaly started here the busboy barely
could not run around with the plates
drop it on the plates breaking all the
glasses so i needed to fire him because
of that and then he came back begging
the job and i say yes come over make me
away to argue please i made this go away
spoke English at a time good are you
gonna shadow only russian russian
and then and i fire him again and then
he asked for the job again to give it a
job again he's a waiter now i did I say
no drinking in the media no never water
next he could see this guy in the bottle
of rum drinking rum and coke in my
meeting so I'll fight him again that's
why the YouTube started this way to say
no no this is not for me and they have
this why you have I did was the top
selling waiter at some point and a lot
we had a bottle of wine competition if
you watch the water it came to the tops
of the the weight of modification it was
one of the best for like a week these
are a year 40s and 50s these are the
section to get the section you have to
be a good waiter you have to so used to
God are you fast and why you gotta tell
the special yes so if this is my section
you see on Fridays and Saturdays so make
more money than other waiters because of
this section so yeah why not very empty
because obviously summertime summertime
no season but if you do come to the
larger ask for Oggy or John um yeah will
take care of your makeup you larger you
get a free drink on the house yeah I
stand up dessert and it is are just a
scurvy child sent me here
that's it what's up how's it going
bottle villains thank you so much for
watching this vlog I had an epic time I
hope cheated - Thank You Johnny for
hosting me New York amazing time mo
marshmallow unbelievable Lee that was
amazing said thank you I had such a
great time all my friends that thank you
for inviting me I really appreciate it
you guys want to check out marshmallow
his link is in the description below and
johnny is also but epic time now back
home back to reality thank you so much
for watching don't forget to thumbs up
and we'll see you guys tomorrow
lissa Danny please back up on straigh
right
