what's up villains thank you for coming
back to watch another vlog got my boy
Johnny over here Fred Fred what's out
Fred Fred Fred always got to take over
the glasses when I you put a camera on
him come on you're beautiful
hi I don't know if you guys how you guys
drink your pre-workout I already told
you the way I drink my pre-workout and
it's the best way ready yeah this one
buddy sick fuck
ah straight into the veins y'all ride on
you guys look you guys look like you're
on crack
oh gee coach Bryant no sorry guys you
got a bet
put the window down these guys if you
don't want any trouble you better drop
them off right here cuz just letting you
know dude just letting you know just
what I warned you see you guys so we
just got to the gym I had plus one and
guess what no friends left behind
we paid but this guy's 50 bucks for one
day it's insane people you can get a
happy ending with that $50 to work out
for one hour okay
no it's Equinox are you $50 everywhere
it's crazy
buddy I'm gonna try to challenge myself
and do something I've never done I'm
gonna try to get the hundreds
never done it before challenge missing
my left elbow some of you guys know how
to surgery chicken Scott show it's gone
so oh yeah
let's go Joe
tangles up Thanks are you all right do
it again and do it again I like it yeah
keep going keep moaning oh yeah are you
serious why should I hide you guys oh
she speaks Russian he kept oceans of
milk
yeah we just got out of gym and walking
around so you were waiting outside gosh
you know let's take a picture dude
why would you do that why would you
stream and yes I kill I can't kill I
kiss an NYPD officer yes
mission accomplished they say guys thank
you okay so yesterday we had dinner for
your mother's your brother birthday me
my brother born us in there yeah and I
didn't tell him that so we were at this
warehouse party was awesome we didn't
have a wet dinner and we didn't have
cake so today's actual official birthday
dinner like a family well obviously it's
not my family but I'm gonna join them
and we taking live to go there and this
lyft driver goes what do you start
telling that man Nutella guy he called
me on the telega that's the first people
say yo of Italia Nutella the booty later
but your than Nutella guy you got to go
I need I need to get paid by the
challenged a lot of people ask me yes I
wanted the Sun message me of Nutella who
Dalton tell us Sunday message me no he
says if you wanna if you can promote my
music I will extend your boxes for free
for life and I'm like door one boxes of
free Nutella
maybe I can do it now so Nutella on the
booty is like it's nutella's for kids so
it can be really they care I can't be a
face on Tellez you know it's something
different what about you have you had in
the towel on the booty it's delicious or
you like Nutella hot dogs you know so I
never been treated the open restaurant
and this food is what is this first what
went on forks and knives against you
don't even forks knives
I'm turning out for my clash with you
guys this looks interesting
this is a cute hey meatball he's such a
good dog so cheeky dog where's this
prankster you talking about yeah Q Your
Honor I don't know don't look like him
he says you always wanted to meet this
guy Vitaly that's a prankster he said
yeah
I said she's very good is that what you
can with the coral excited everybody
doesn't look like him swear dude the guy
that ran on MBA yeah yeah man it's
totally like also is reaction it took
him two minutes to realize like we
should so to get me I was like oh hey
camera vitale dutour can tell you - oh
here we go
groupie mode activated so one of our
okay guys we headed to one oak right now
with Johnny and Johnny says Jay Z's from
Marcy Avenue let's say I'll chip in you
excuse me this is where j0 is this where
jay-z from horse here like the other
side oh cool man
wow that's awesome Yuting he's home
right now it's awesome so what does that
mean when she said the other side so how
far you how many how many how big on the
side so good big complex you playing
Pokemon I heard your time
yeah
way wide it's like a picture of jay-z
legit we used to work here I used to
come to this camp a chicken oh wow this
is awesome blog footage this is great
huh Thank You mo thanks it that's the
way this is before he was famous no
probably probably what he was blowing up
and now he's like king yeah and in this
is the hood yeah yeah that's getting
gentrified yeah you're not scared are
you good dude yeah all right man did you
are you I'm looking for jay-z are you
Jay Z
guys somebody told me Jay Z works here
I'm coming to vlog Jay Z I want to take
a picture of Jay Z can I take a picture
with you of course bro yeah
ah new york new york last time lord oh
we're not gonna go am i getting in the
lord go why not
I'm not so just go so I I'm not so uh
another day Newark had meetings all day
today so I'm headed back from Manhattan
to Brooklyn to meet up with Johnny
New York New York
what look it's so beautiful it's nice
alright guys
uh yeah what'd you say my name from you
do every live driver in New York knows
me
damn it's awesome oh yeah I got to tell
you something right now I got laid I'm
going straight uh yeah I didn't exceed
ah geez but just drive I just wanted to
get away from the hotel I just got laid
what do you think about that what cu3 no
i ii laid like they all up yeah was uh I
was yeah
she was Russian - uh I guess it's a buzz
by anyways guys thank you so much for
watching this vlog it's the crane day
let me start the actual day and always
end the current day but it's kind of
cool because right now this is gonna be
edited and uploaded so you pretty much
guys are watching yeah just go back to
Johnny's uh my meetings actually an hour
guys and I'm gonna start the vlog but uh
so right now if you're watching this
clip I basically filmed this clip an
hour ago cuz this vlog is going this guy
fucking left me with four girls fuck
for what for game for girls but your
share my sharing is caring and I didn't
do that I don't know miss supposedly
hooked up with some hot Russian left for
got one go fuck it tonight another day
such as sorry guys about that you know
what I'm just gonna be guys as genuine
as it's gonna see humble I was like I
want to feel the connection with you
guys I'm just gonna tell you straight up
I just feel a connection I feel like you
will be more personal closer yeah I got
laid I'm gonna tell your got laid and uh
yeah and other exes are watching peace
and love but anyways guys thank you so
much love you guys please thumbs up this
vlog and if you find it interesting and
I should do more vlogs like today's vlog
because I feel day's one was awesome and
I'm about to turn this camera off and
start a new one for you guys thank you
so much for watching I love you guys and
Johnny please no that's not what you
said don't said Anya it right again go
sit on yeah I'm gonna teach this guy
he's rerun the sadhana can I touch it
touch it but it's like shit
