what's up villains welcome to another
vlog oh my god look at this beautiful
day in Miami I'm telling you this
whether you can buy 72 degrees out so
beautiful
obviously sunny not even one cloud in
the sky I feel like I'm in California
right now March is the best month to go
to Miami I believe because it's spring
break
and it's always like this it barely
ranged during March amazing weather and
now if you met at all anyways we're not
going to go for breakfast go to the gym
and go enjoy the beach and I got a video
main Channel video I want to shoot at
the beach - lets go check it out but
there has to be people in the water our
guys in here with my baby mama it's not
that mama hi are you serious after your
lesson you got a bigger booty and now
you sit and then now you think shipping
she's too hot for me now hi I'm les you
can mesh I while it's Sunday I'm gonna
eat the booty like the grocery so I'm
kidding now but should your get your
community where you're from Oh which way
that way hey okay I'm over using the
jokes you cringe it hard a third or
fourth time you used it yeah look I love
the line sorry bro yeah Tony look are
you serious right now just real life
right now it's my cheese day and if I'm
gonna do a cheat day I'm gonna do it
right oh oh my god this orgasm
holy shit I want to rub it into your
faces guys but this weather is something
you know in the traffic trusting the
tropics pretty great
welcome to Spring Breakers other
Seventeen's kind of calm but but there's
a row close that's what that's what it
is there's a rose mostly bringer get to
let people and we get to the beach now
guys so my plan is up my car the middle
to traffic pop out or hop on the top of
it
hop on top of the hops on top of the
seat and take a dope picture I'll be
doing look at this extra bitch bougie
bitch fit bitch hey country bitch okay
okay guys if you're interested to buy
truck in Miami there's a nice truck is
for sale I don't know if you guys want
to pause it home give them a call some
of its alleys thank you okay okay okay
okay
back to back you know she's perfect
with those another little 100 how much
another one okay whoo I'm sorry guys but
I hope you enjoy your winter because I'm
enjoying my Spring Break I'm sorry
look at those guys wow this is just
straight-up chilling ahh
how do you know me
oh my god with nothing nah you remember
we're now you beautiful so hot I am I
said like it go here where are you from
Morocco Morocco say hi to America
hi let me know if idiom Iraqis watching
this vlog are you digging a stop it's
clearly a filmmaker poor know what
please
what do you mean you know Oh getting
some fresh coconuts at the beach about
my man right here
where you from me Colombia Colombian
generic thing okay
my god oh my gosh he's gonna think you
know I told you Liz oh I love you
funniest guy ever I love you boy oh this
like shit gonna bug you
you got to be you got to beach body
ready look at you mine yeah of course
you mind if I lay here for this hi the
best thing I know I came over while you
were you bent over like that there's
little kids jerking off in the water I'm
just kidding
so the place with reaction but now I
just want the cuties on it shorty I want
to lighten up on how much of a high how
about you be 35 on each side you want to
touch touch my titty know where you guys
from huh oh oh yeah yeah you guys you
guys earlier yeah where'd you go oh I'm
sick of shit oh ah ah he wants to snap
with me instead connect him to fuel to
life wonderful
Oh Ali that I want to get engine well I
want to conquer might wanna say hi Daddy
Lawrence usually gay with you though
yeah perfect
then he gets pretty my color ways to
show a milky April
one thing that I learned nothing against
gay people or anybody it's like I didn't
take that as a fence at all but somebody
thought me up regardless like when you
going to trim and you try to cover
yourself or you are you like oh I have
other guys see me naked it means you're
probably uncomfortable in your sexuality
do you guys agree with me now or not
yeah okay you guys are fucking character
don't add it oh yeah yeah oh you gonna
bust out the moose
I got a moose I get to okay okay a
meeting here WMC silent silent radio
Ellie ever have a good one now guys you
know what's really funny there's two
black guys in the front in the black
Lambo and there's two white guys in a
white Lambo II I Mexican bro
oh shit shit you say to post it up hey
oh yeah congratulations Matt yeah nah
brother what happened is I married a
sugar mama this I'm banging this nine
year old woman
yeah she's mania battle spectrum I like
that it's our life you were begging
nine-year-old for a Lambo you were being
an 8-year old man so Lambo oh you guys
going on
hell yeah bro you guys enjoying it I'm
an are fun with it hey yeah you want a
picture no but I guess the other rappers
I guess oh yeah
look at it beautiful sunshine oh it's
not a good idea that oppose demise
that's a stop by and see my old friend
at this far and not drinking by the way
and look at this with hilarious I've
tried to relay my car while I did I lay
the card and twenty dollars star giving
100 and it's the real hundred they say
all we're not going to take it it's fake
but it was uh it was about uh this guy
right I just put job by drilling right
he's right oh oh by the way guys that
hundred the second ballet you've
recognized me and he was awesome that
you're watching the shout out for you
he's like he looked at the Hansa he
wanted to take it to like well having
all their cash is like don't worry about
it you're the man bro expensive man it's
expensive in Miami or maybe it's because
of switching to the conference week but
what's up that's all
feds all over the foundation I still
talking about it look at ideas without
stop Miami at night
we're headed to the Italian lunch room
not a Brandi London I give me a
pre-dinner but it's gold prime Italian
and political solutions of which he may
be the best friend in the world I cannot
wait this day oh yes every day to this
the team is going to talk to the pilot
up not really Wow here is that bread all
right with marinara sauce
let's try oh let me get more brothers
where everybody thinks it's that bread
it's amazing night we like King oh my
God look it up Regina will help you
shake your husband which is just looking
like chicken parm
no why try kicking it yes Tony after
such a nice dinner can breeze and a park
so close to the fence
there's no room I can get on I can't
breathe get out maybe can we still be
friends
god
there's go you can do it no one's there
that was one of the great achievement of
my life
mmm I love you can't get up the car look
how close he Park is why PKK of all was
there it's been a minute a half a brief
yeah I was there bro
did it final great part you jumping
what's so funny looks like you on this
side
yeah they don't person jokes closing
right Wow
camera you got that does it happens all
the time it just woke up from such a
crazy crazy cheap meal barely breathing
she about to head to the gym thank you
guys so much for watching this vlog
please give it a big thumbs up if you
enjoyed it let me know in the comments
below what you want to see more I think
I'm gonna get my drone out today and go
get some Joan shots for you guys hope
you guys please give it a big thumbs up
for this log and I'll see you guys
tomorrow let's be dining
