what's up villains
what's going on guys and this is the
life of vloggers look at this guy look
at this guy it's actually 6:45 in the
morning my plane leaves at 7:35 and if
you guys don't know that you need to
check in 30 minutes before to get your
ticket
I hope I'm gonna make my flight I think
I will we're here we're here
Thank You chase for everything guys you
better watch Chase gilroy vlogs she
hooked your boy up he came out if them
within an awesome job the prank if
you're watching this way if you're
watching this that means the prank is up
right now if you're watching this the
prank is live right now go show some
love so you came from the vlogs I know
how many of you guys are watching and
yeah so I'm headed to New York right now
to meet up with my friend Johnny he's
from Dubai when I meet him up and today
is actually his birthday oh look at a
beautiful sunshine today is his birthday
NYC summer I'm so happy it's so so so
happy to be New York I'm gonna spend a
couple days and I'm here doesn't look
like a big line I hope not I just gonna
get out of here this is all right I
gotta go why am I still here say goodbye
love you buddy Oh
let's get seeing you have a great summer
raise your kids right don't do something
day I wouldn't do
don't let them don't let your kids don't
let a cute don't let your kids do
something I wouldn't here's what it is
don't do something I won't do but if you
do name it after me who I brought love
you yo just laying in New York my boy
happy birthday
you guys remember him from Dubai vlog
does this cousin what's up bro so we got
an awesome driver what's your name again
me Mamo Mamo Mamo Mamo OMS which his
birthday today they gonna turn up as you
know your boy not drinking so we'll see
what New Year's just to offer it he says
he's a lot of Puerto Rican girls unlock
we'll see about that
it's all talk let's see what New York
talks as much as Hollywood oh look at
that skyline yeah so what is this this
side of New York and outside of New York
which one is like lower Manhattan lower
Manhattan will be this way with a
Freedom Tower okay you see that freedom
down yeah yeah of course
so it's his birthday and instead of
celebrating your birthday you gonna show
me your Junior Tourism Board I've been
to New York bro thank you like me not
like your style look at this amazing
where we going Johnny go to the Brooklyn
Bridge
I should jump off of it so what do you
thing did for ski was good
you think foreskin is good I'm LM sorry
should I cry you dick
so right now we're walking around Union
Square I'm sorry if it's a little windy
still either go to get a wind protector
but the foreskin is good promoting
foreskin
like we're talking about foreskin on the
penis yeah oh god damn it
thank God for my foreskin subdued
response can have fun with foreskin
I have the foreskin the of course carry
some of you somebody's gonna see it how
do you know how do you vote what do you
do break your thumbs up and it's a vote
nice so Nate world where I make some of
us about some of us on top what is it
about though we're advocating for the
Germans choice to have isn't it intact
genitals the goal skin is extremely
pleasurable it's extremely valuable and
it shouldn't be count a skin of your
dick yeah it shouldn't be cut off
without your permission
who's God why should someone struck me
down as if I be hacking off the doctor
won't my 3 grand or an EQ you can't have
a bloody car you couldn't knock on the
door
give me sing happy nerve endings have
less pleasure as a result when you go I
love my foreskin it hides my mushroom so
you just ran up to me and what are you
saying
now before you started making YouTube
videos I where I met you in my apartment
in Boca Raton Florida and you were
asking can I kiss you I pretty much
threatened to knock you the fuck out and
what was my reaction cuz I don't
remember that night I mean you kind of
backed off at that point however and you
know I did not recognize you until a few
months later I saw the video of you
doing the can I kiss you thing and I was
like holy shit that is that guy
now I also hope you will get my movement
here today we are working on ending
general mutilation in the United States
but before you go on with us and I kiss
you um yeah please can you make it but
ya know where he talked a lot about
foreskin I have that
absolutely super important that I write
human rights violation you know we need
to protect innocent baby you have
foreskin we protect innocent person I do
not I was circumcised is it actually
like we're trying to grow back your
foreskin now your penis I am restoring
my foreskin right now so every day with
a good question every day before work I
roll it the skin up the head of my penis
so you know like from halfway up from
the scar you pull it up over the head of
your dick and I use next care sensitive
skin tape it's blue tape and I you know
it feels like a makeshift force I'm
sorry guys I'm making you uncomfortable
welcome to New York yeah today is July 9
2016 be happy at all good luck change
change it stop fucking cutting penises
off y'all bro I'm a 9% I got to charge
my phone for a little bit can you plug
it in dude I need I need a battery plug
it in for five minutes because ah yeah
you're gonna be like you have a green I
have yellow you're gonna be that greedy
you're gonna be that greedy that I can't
even but but you're not charging your
phone well I have my black friends over
here so I'll let him take over from now
things did what I did
nothing much good
scolded and it's like what y'all did I
mean he just leering the border what is
real I just wasn't expecting to see you
that's what I wasn't expecting to see to
so light works out for both of us God is
watching over us
so it wants us to be here go on take a
picture never mate let's do about that
guys I got you on the vlog Oh
flex for me the natural bodybuilding
gonna touch it
can I touch it oh look it's I shit all
right straight out of Moscow yep when
you're going back next week me too I
think I'm going to Moscow in August so
I'll see you there all right meet me at
Red Square on August 25th at 5 p.m. yeah
well he'll really be there too by Red
River hardworking person Sheila Sheila
that's what that's what for 3:00 in the
morning alright guys so we had a awesome
dinner tonight and this guy's trying to
vlog but he can so I'm gonna take over
he's trying to I like the good potential
we're with a boy it's about at midnight
and we're New York City Mid City we're
going through this Bryant Hotel whatever
it's called
alright guys it's the next day and I'll
tell you something we did turn up it was
his birthday I'm not gonna lie there's a
little vlog footage of turning it up in
the club and let me know in the comments
below if you guys want me to do more of
these party vlogs because I remember
when I went last year in Croatia and a
party vlog you guys loved it so and some
people are you sure there would be your
party too much and stuff do you want to
see the craziness me with the girls and
stuff because I keep like Johnny was
yesterday's like yo vlog you with the
girls with the girls I'm like I don't
know it's like I don't know like alright
guys let me know the comments below
anything um I'm about to announce the
winner for the segue giveaways are you
guys ready cuz I'm ready three winners
anywhere in the world
random Commons random random common
there's so many private messages that I
got please Vitaly I have a broken leg
needed just all these like I'm not
making fun of it just like stop making
me feel bad for you guys like I'm sorry
I just have to be fair I said I'm gonna
choose it in the comments so I'm
choosing it in the comments or the seg
report found there's seventeen thousand
comments fun nope it got a light on the
name not on the comments on the name
nope you're freaking rated with all
these emojis Oh Adam you were so close
I'm sorry oh oh that's it we got a first
winner here my phone on Instagram you're
a winner congratulations winner number
one and if you did lose guys don't feel
offended believe on his name and then
he's gonna spin it up go
Adam out of wool get a man Adam wolf
congratulations we got another winner
Congrats
you won I look semi address all right we
got my boy Fred over here rubbish camera
shy spin it so it's fair
yup nice nice keep going around let go
oh look at that spirit too good it nice
dude yeah Thank You Fred
you just got this guy a scooter alright
guys thank you so much for watching this
vlog actually it's occurring day right
now if you're watching this this is
happening right now I'm in Brooklyn Love
New York time to head to the gym with my
boys thank you guys for everything and
no I'm not tricking that game
everybody's been asking me why don't you
dare streaking it
I'm not streaking it I'm not downgrading
from the World Cup the thing you guys so
much watching this video I love you guys
don't forget to thumbs up and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
this is Dennis this was talking about
huh this is my mom the livestream my mom
might you go about the mechanism right
here that's exactly right
