what ah balance I keep kind of starting
to hate saying what's up villains what's
up villain just start the vlog already
talk to myself but it's like an
addiction now I can't start a vlog
without saying what's up villains
what's up to me that's what I wonder
than every vlog what's up to me hey
Vitaly we got ya
gram to Frank tank Frank thing I thought
it was bangbus part - it is bank but
it's vlog bang flog buses being
blockbuster
anyways right now we're going we just
had an awesome breakfast we're headed to
the base July how about this
I look good but don't do it like let me
count three two one it's soft it's not
if you turn it down right look I wanna
turn it down the lowest you can go you
know you better keep it at what what you
had it on me you don't leave your that
20 out of 100 oh yeah nothing it's me
and Evan see why why don't you do it
again it was so simple it shocked me I
definitely drop tonight do it again dude
yeah pretty good
this is so specific you any wise man
that was a 23 don't let the heart do I
didn't take it I know it I hold on okay
good I read you tell me what right I was
anyone don't stop on your computer I'll
tell you what my husband uses scared
what do you have back sweat dripping all
right I took a nail through my ear and
I'm gonna yeah yeah that's nothing come
on you gotta grip it I know I know all
right tell me one everywhere wait wait
put your hand in front here so no one
calls you out for being right right
right look well here's a button no no no
but yeah what's the speedometer 22 speed
on Russia all right had you did it bite
you bite you it's happening
let the Daddy warm me up Tommy you're
first all right are you nervous no I'm
okay I got that can barely speak now so
basically we're using my wireless
microphone and since Allah I lost my
little tooth piece medical tape at the
dollar store yeah we got medical tape
oh alright sorry tom we're not in 70s
anymore dude
hold on a second whoa check this out
okay okay it's so windy okay Rodney more
lights back in 1978 I then a boy comes
in and dust rape with first straw
oh you're gonna break that board it's
just gonna snap or you break it Annie
with Yeezys on we're Dez Zahn she's from
yeah Wow
this boy don't care all right guys so we
wrapped up filming the prank got a half
done gonna finish off tomorrow
expectations we're gonna get two videos
done well that didn't happen
Jason taught at the office I don't know
what they're doing I think tonight we're
going to do some kind of fun challenge
and because I was focused on the main
Channel video that's why I didn't vlog
enough and it's already 9 p.m. and it's
still light out but your boys hitting
the gym right now found in yours Jim
here or something I go to the gym work
out and feel great cuz I'm not skipping
any workouts I have to do something
nah-ah it's a protein tank uh-huh do
does the nastiest thing I've ever I
don't know on my fart smell like that
and by the way I'm not trying to
disrespect my viewers in any shape or
form though I
I specifically farted or chase you know
what I'm gonna do I have so many farts
on cameras I'm literally gonna go fart
come compilation yeah okay guys so I'm
combining yesterday's vlog in today's
vlog into two
I didn't have enough footage and I want
to make it epic so today's epic blog was
starting our breakfast somewhere why is
because Batali was focused yesterday
focused on what we were doing
yeah focus on true buddies might say why
tally was he was focused on the triple
D's that's right he was not focused on
where he's from
good say that okay anyways the day we're
gonna continue to bring right now but
the day started awesome and you know why
they said you're awesome
first of all our waitress is huge enough
hot wait not cute who are cotton all she
is but I'm like good she's not I'll a
like like like this is the girl you
would marry metal so you know what our
pirate check is putting six dollars so I
decide it what's up and this is what
we're talking about huh this is very
high for my mom the livestream I mom I
you girls imagine is right here is
actually right oh oh
it's Melanie from Italian finale right
Natali right you think your last name
ago get married
yes she's rolling fuel gene make sure
she gets that Tim that's what he didn't
do I'm to like immediately not ready but
yeah I think one all right go get it
all I get at the end of the day she
won't even know oh no I mean like the
end of the shift
yeah tour right now yes like lads girls
closer to 30th party right I'm putting
two dollars in she gets there you do
good you good do good back I don't why
we're not in Vegas that he just gambled
was $100 we had $100 I'm gonna be proud
of something ha enlightened I think it's
amazing yeah of course okay guys so I
gave her that tip not to be uh not
because of money or anything I wanted
she did a great job she melted my heart
and she was amazing she did a great job
great service and I used to be a waiter
and I know how it feels to get this type
of tips like I probably made her day
hopefully I did and I basically did that
to inspire others because I feel great
today I woke up I'm about to finish the
prank it was storming all morning the
sun's coming down the sun is shining on
me and I feel great and money comes and
goes a hundred dollars
trust me I made her day and knowing that
I made somebody's day made my day even
better some code this gift is the gift
that you give
well said guys they to filming
completely amazing much better than they
one we're still driving around looking
for targets Louisville Kentucky the best
all the greatest want to get the great
bars great and we like to film pranks in
the hood because once again black people
give the best reinvest react best
reactions chillin here at Tom Abe's
office and I tell you one thing is it's
a very productive office cuz I did not
check my phone once while I was adding
this video I did not do anything I don't
think I even went to the bathroom for
like two and a half hours so watching a
half hour and I need to pee but I look
chase says it's the light chase alike I
really do it I'm getting an office and I
like to be productive because at my
house I just lay in bed and work out of
my butt
you're right buddy yeah Tom where are
you let me say goodbye tom thank you for
being such a great not a host and the
great house you get my hand off yeah
thank you for dinner
yeah no thank you for all the dinners
and it was an awesome collab I wish we
had more pranks to done it was amazing
are you coming back by the way if you're
watching this video the new prank will
be live tomorrow 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time
so Sunday yeah dude yeah name one I love
you buddy
thank you for everything thank you bro
man stay sexy I'm always okay know this
I can't mess this up flat stomach guys
make sure you go subscribe to Tom mabe
and chase Gyo Chae olj well yeah many
this log so Chase is driving tomorrow
four hours to return my rental cars mama
hey oh by yourself and I'm taking a
flight to New York
alright guys thank you so much for
watching this log I love you guys thank
you thank you we love you and I'll see
you guys tomorrow maybe I know I skip
the vlog would see I'm logging like a
daybreak isn't that bad but I just want
quality quality I love you guys don't
forget to give it a big thumbs up and
dusty Danya and miss waitress miss
Wright if you see he won't forget her oh
nice to meet you guys
I got him out of everything so no
probation no
no jail time no
