what up villains another vlog another
day in paradise just got out the gym um
so many updates tonight tonight like in
a couple hours I'm headed to Cleveland
my court is tomorrow morning so I'm
taking a red-eye I land in Cleveland
7:00 in the morning then after I land
I'm gonna go meet up with my lawyer and
I don't know what the plea is kind of
nervous kind of excited another fan
meetup outside of a courthouse and super
yeah I'm super excited I would say I
know I'm probably not going to jail
so but we'll see what kind of offer
they're gonna give me because Cleveland
won so I don't know if the judge is nice
enough he's gonna be over the prosecutor
you know what just get out of here
because I don't live there and usually
if you don't live in the same state but
you get arrested for but you get
arrested in and the punishment if you
like is not as harsh as the state you
live in
so like community service hours I don't
think it can make me do community
service hours and you don't have to fly
back into it I don't know but I hope for
the best fingers crossed
and what else so yeah after Cleveland
sand some are you going to be in a high
I'm gonna drive down or fly to Kentucky
to collaborate with Tom main and after
Tom Abe I'm headed to New York so I'll
probably be in New York on Saturday
morning super excited New York in the
summer is the best I have a few meetings
there all the villains are emailing me
asking me questions on Instagram and the
comments on YouTube videos where can we
get more villain hats working we get
more villain heads I'm launching another
campaign next week it's gonna be
available for ten days only and then I'm
taking it off so I'll let you guys know
and also the winner for the Segway mini
pros will be announced Sunday
yo so just write to Cleveland I skipped
pretty much yesterday's log because I
had to pack and do all
but yesterday's here your boy I want to
come here but it's a little windy out
there what's up so much is gonna be my
attorney here today right last time we
had the ATM case and we won the trial
prosecutors were really happy with us
but here what do you think about this
case we're talking about Cleveland me
streaking the NBA Finals yeah I'm
optimistic I think the prosecutor will
take it easy on you and hopefully we'll
get you out with no jail time no jail
that's all I want too oh that's it yeah
so he flew out from San Francisco just
here he's like I got a B here so I had
to fly him out and now he's here and
we're about to go to court I don't know
what to expect with their hands no fans
and it's hot as balls super super hot I
remember that spot that's where I got
out of jail after 15 hours and now I'm
back here you gave me an option to stay
here and then go to court after a couple
days but I was like I gotta get out of
here
yo I'm digging this the tally for
president Trump still sucks
I was gonna help you what's up guys yo
how are you thanks for coming out how do
you guys feel you're the champions now
huh so I just walked out of the
courthouse this really just happened
that's it
it totally just happened really yeah now
I know why I have to fly him out every
time I have a quirky I'm working I'm
worth it I'm worth it what it was so
what did you get me I got him out of
everything so no probation no no jail
time no no community service just just a
small fine he's out it's a $1,000 fine I
thought a thousand dollar fine for
running on the picture court and the
judge was kind of really friend the
judge was a fan and she's like you did
it
she was a fan she says did anybody see
his YouTube videos I gotta look it up
when I get home say thank you judge moil
thank you George other story thank you
judge why thank you judge moil hater
awesome stay sexy so paying my fine and
that's it we're done we're done we're
done we're not cleveland's done now time
to go I'm not for me I'm filming me now
it's time to get a rental go pick up
chase from Columbus and have to lose
sake Oh God it's gonna be an interesting
week Thank You levanta welcome yeah we
did it
I'm a free man thanks to this guy oh
what's up guys
why is everybody sleeping what up guys
look at that nice the dedication Thanks
how are you you smell me from here oh oh
yeah follow me on instagram o r IG i and
al underscore al i 13 I'll make sure I
cut that out but talk it out kidding I'm
kidding
alright what's up guys well I'm free
thanks to this boy I'm free yo this is
amazing what do you want to do just sign
all over this is like for your friends
yeah not for my I'll show you I got
pictures of my basement thought you like
collector collector yeah look at that
simple movement so just rented a car and
it's time to say goodbye who don't want
and only levanta that's gonna get me out
of trouble and that's the first time and
that's the last time yeah you love the
shit I love the stuff there 2 hours
finally made it
see my boy chases and some of you that
don't know everybody knows chase Gilroy
but some of you if you don't know if you
knew your chase Gilroy he filmed most of
my videos I'm the og there were the og
Dennis Troma and chase we always used to
go to Columbus everywhere we filmed
everywhere all minors you went to when
he went to trial with us for the ATM
Avant that was representing him also
everyone can you believe how was it the
only give me $1,000 fine better
my charges got dropped that's probably
because they had to do they were
laughing the judge loved me she the
quizzes guy I need to watch his videos
that's like yeah and then the Cleveland
comm was recording there I didn't record
I my judge oven Josh the Lord told me if
I took out the camera just try to vlog
in she probably would have been said
anything about just like haha what up
guys oh my judge you we just chilling
paper tomorrow bro does we still have it
oh my god oh hey you you had Hannah
cracked Amira bad that was hands bro
here hold on here
stay up there I'll deal with you I used
to oh wow how many years did it take you
Tally's the one who taught me how to
backflip and I can't even do it I
practice and practice and practice to
practice I was so scared you just like
you got to do it you got to do it you
gotta commit and I did it nice so we
just stopped at Cincinnati to see my boy
and give him some stuff back from Vegas
this boy thank you very much by the way
you look so good friend right here he
went to Justin Bieber concert and this
is a this is what happened he was
jerking all Justin Bieber - are ya now
I'm jerking off right now I'm jerking
off like a pilgrim now I use my left
hand like a whole another world
but yeah Cincinnati's nice but we're
gonna keep it going man
just don't how does that drive I took a
nice nap we finally made it so this is
Tom's office look at this office Bri he
got a green screen here look at this Tom
a back in the day I gonna do Hannah
subscribe and I got a chair
this is a awesome office this is a
really cool office look at all the
trophy stone that's Tom yes sir are you
ready for a crazy today experiment this
is a what board with all your ideas my
wife are you ready for two days of May
how ready is 2:00 a.m. now right what
time do we wear take care let's just
start now okay
Walmart is open 24 hours
in the hood gun wrong gun sexual is that
you on the cover of hustler that's me in
this back ones and uh remember when
Disney came out with the let it go yeah
but who was the number one
Tom eight was number one an ad week
Disney was like way this is awesome that
the college even think of doing this
wait this you're number one I said look
Disney music video from frozen a
morality meanwhile another prank
generates fifteen million views in the
first two days that was your don't drink
and drive so we're going through Tom
Abe's props wardrobe and we got this
prison costume that we want to do now
you get a police why don't you guys
leave in the comments below and let us
know what we should do with a prison
outfit there's so many pranks with a
prison outfit and I want to keep it
original and we just I wanted to
something edgy you know guys know so
leave me in the comments feel free and
yeah so this is what you would have
looked like if you got arrested today so
I still can't believe that my punishment
today was a thousand dollars to street
costs the games and the judge was so
cool
the judge was awesome yeah but like you
said you're fighting if I was a bad
judge or Cleveland would have lost I
would have been sitting there today like
this and looking so pretty boy alright
guys it's 3:00 in the morning time to go
to bed for a little kid I need to go to
bed you do need to go to bed tomorrow's
gonna be a long day good night Tom
thanks for your nice office tour
thanks for all your product make sure
that dude you're gonna go home you're
gonna wrap me up we're gonna go and edit
these logs and pass out thank you guys
so much watching this log don't forget
to thumbs up and I'll see you guys
tomorrow right mr. Dania that's me Dad
but doesn't take like any energy at all
