what's up villains what's up guys how
are you hopefully having a awesome
fourth of July were actually had because
you're watching this vlog today which is
fourth of July was yesterday but inside
this vlog it's today it's weird combo we
got Eddie today right now and today we
have a special package right here it's
called Segway mini Pro I got hooked up I
got shipped to my house and today we're
gonna unbox it with Eddie and we're
gonna go right around and have fun these
things I heard are the best they're
better than hoverboards well of course
our board used to bring down and
everything this is actually there's an
app and it teaches you how to ride it so
you can write it if you you don't learn
it through an app you can walk in
anyways less talking more impacting you
ready let's frickin do this
ah here you go check this bad boy out
smells nice
ah
so let's figure out the use of these
things my first time you got us think it
is super easy then it locks ah uh uh I
don't know I kind of want to turn it on
right now we're going to activate it
this many pros now please follow the
excavation procedure otherwise me
privilege speed speed like okay activate
so now we're going to make a username a
name an email so basically right now I'm
learning about the scooter it won't let
you write it unless you go through the
manual guide so basically it's a five
seconds for each page and it's telling
you how to use it and what you do so
your greed or greed
so right now you swipe left seat gives
you four seconds that do not accelerate
with mini pros make it ghetto carefully
all right get on carefully BAM
oh look you have to wait five seconds
keep the balance look look you can't get
out of this circle to pause it's
literally hilarious it's the driving
test so now it's mixed up hold on hold
on next step or two it's making me go
left in the full circle and go right in
the full circle to pass to the next one
I don't know what's next right country
Oh hundred yup I'm up from 360 degrees a
dime that's the left turn let's do the
right turn oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god
it's about 368 you guys ready I just had
360 home run past the tech past the up
next step next step is to keep the mini
Pro stop do not leave forward or
backward lean forward and go forward 10
years no problem it's a long 1000 pass
the test
get off carefully backwards not forwards
I know
pass the test next step do not touch the
Nico connect next up practice lifting
the mini Pro put it down gently Wow
congratulations
I got the driver license that's it I
just passed the test for Segway mini Pro
that was a easy driver license nice and
that's it now I'm free to ride it okay
so now since I passed the test
let me tell you a little bit more about
this thing damn the wheels it you can
literally go through the golf course on
this probably because the wheels are so
thick and it's easy to ride it
oh it's beacon because we're going too
fast turning it stop and you got any
support so I have no hotter boards you
can eat shit any much easily on this I
don't think you can really eat shit on
this Superman oh I was going so fast
that you'd literally started leaning
back to to like yo you need to chill out
it has a chill mode it has a chill mode
it usually it's no deal
waiting wait doesn't this have lock to
so I could believe they forgot this has
a lock mode so let me see look uh try to
walk it right now just started walking
oh okay now stop that mom let's say
you're eating and you left it outside
and somebody tried to steal it try to
steal it so phone vibrates and it says
warning your vehicle is in lock mode ma
stop stealing stuff ma ma ma Wow
you gotta push it with your knees so I'm
going right out all our love whoo this
is awesome
yo it has a remote you can control it
you can send a girl a cup of coffee with
that thing send it this way what do you
do when you do it pull back or forward
get your mom get it where are you from
Vancouver oh look at this
yes you're in the blog what's our big
goober let's take a picture
people think but does it take like any
energy at all yeah you're in the middle
of Street on her day or drive hey homo
what'd you say look there's more
I can't hear one look the cops get mad
why the cops getting mad why you getting
mad what are they doing they can't
scream out the window me from India my
son your biggest fan
really oh yeah what's up guys I think
you guys from India oh yeah let's go
come in the picture can you walk this
look good yeah of course so if this
thing doesn't move
lock your feet awesome thanks a lot good
night thank you guys
hey good awesome people I love my
villains that's crazy
squeeze it
oh yeah you've been steamed I made it
back hell yeah you in the block - what's
up bro what did the police officer say -
oh well okay he was doing his job we
can't hate on that okay Wow yeah I just
charged those guys five dollars I'm
gonna ask you for seven dude I'm a
character to them and making money you
got it you gotta do something on the
block
I'm kidding let's take a picture of
course you're gonna take a picture what
kind of question is that huh Oh what's
up Dumb and Dumber remember I was good
watch your feet though we're doing I'm
actually just watching your videos
drinking it - awesome and now you're in
one this is a crazy house I walk you're
in the blog yeah yeah sorry
there's a nice scar
maybe maybe I should maybe I instead of
getting a bus you get that I like the
old maybe instead of the previous vlog
Lambo should be getting the old one on
top I got it you want a picture yeah
let's do it
last year your twin sisters ah come on
decide I'm gonna hurt your phone your
phone's dead
problem solved I'm gonna take a picture
with my phone and send it to your email
yeah or your dad's email yeah your mom's
email that's absolutely nothing I'll
take a picture
I can they leave without a picture
because your phone is that more for some
people that don't know me right now hear
the funny thing I'm a street performer
yeah we are yeah we are you don't want
to ask for a picture you gonna take a
picture what what's going on here I'm
confused what's going on V well we can
pose for the picture
okay you have to take picture with my
butt
not the very
hello meet up in Beverly Hills
of course it's up you know for water
okay - you see I'm kidding you - I'm
from Canada man
oh yeah it what oh yeah you can do it
almost let me see my fourth of July
girlfriend let me see is your finger
yeah Wow he's so dedicated okay
verheiden hahaha that's awesome
sup man oh yeah I'm from Germany and hi
why you look so confused what's up
congratulations when you win I'm sorry
you can't fall in these that's why there
was the best you can't really fall and
on him see you tonight
see and then damn its head and just
leave forward look never tried it before
no not yeah and it's not like that you
making it like I just relax your legs
just relax your legs lean yeah singing
yeah see it think you're gonna go
forward and you're gonna go forward nice
job nice guys weren't able to rank those
oh we can't oh yeah we're going we're
going back going through the parking
gosh
for me who are you from
oh hell yeah World Cup Brazil 2014 yeah
amazing I love I love Brazil hello
Monsieur bass just leave her like that
she's nothing oh ah she's not scared
anymore
she was the present never scared but
then when she comes out she runs like
crazy or all the energy I said she's
always just chilled oh yeah what up so I
decided to stop by McDonald's yeah I
decided to stop by McDonald's and look
at this guy that sup did let's take a
pig
alright guys it's the current day and
guess what I'm gonna give three segue
mini pros away that's right they gave me
three extra ones to give away so we're
gonna do a mini contest all you have to
do is follow their Instagram page like
their most recent picture which is with
me and comment on that recent picture I
want one don't come out of my Instagram
because it's not going to work coming on
their Instagram I want one on Saturday
July 9th I'm going to pick three winners
so on Sundays vlog or maybe I'll do it
on Friday and then start it probably I'm
going to mount it on Sunday so I'm gonna
announced on Sunday's vlog the winner of
the contest I'm going to give three away
all you have to do is follow their
Instagram page like their recent picture
with me in it and comment on one one and
I'm going to give three away so good
luck villains and don't say it's not
gonna be you because you don't know you
don't know I'm giving you three not one
not two three good luck guys don't
forget to thumbs up this vlog and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
let's design it I want that
I won that I want that
