ah what's up villains imagine the waking
up every day getting out of your bedroom
right there well it's not my bedroom but
I'm just saying imagine book cuz I'm
imagining right now and just getting up
and checking out this view
getting a suntan right here by the pool
isn't this amazing
I thought it was a real life emoji right
now in my camera because it's so bright
out I can't see I'm sorry if it's a
little windy I need to finally put that
screen protector not the screen
protector the wind protector but this is
so beautiful I was trying to get some
Sun out but it's like 3:00 4:00 p.m. and
the sun's going behind the house and I
was gonna lay out by the pool and now
there's shade here because of this pole
excuses excuses but I wanted to get some
Sun so anyways another workday Saturday
just working thinking of upcoming
projects getting ready for Court by the
way courthouse for Cleveland fan meetup
the directions are in the description or
I'm gonna put it across the screen right
here Cleveland come on support if you're
from around Ohio and don't mind driving
and I would love for you guys to see
everyone's gonna get a picture I would
do a giveaway there but I would I don't
know if it's everything's gonna fit
because I'm trying to do like you know
in a now trip so we'll see maybe I'll
back a few gears and but this is the
beautiful view so we can get over it
then this is like a dream house dream
house that's the guys Alex that I was
telling you from Spain they rented this
house while they're here this is the man
himself right here that owns this
company he's gonna hook me up with some
glasses right now and then you guys tell
me in the comments what do you guys
think about this yeah Oh matches my hat
I bet I told him to think the glasses
are too small is like not probably just
the nose is big it's probably that's
what it is so check it out nice so tell
me about more about the company you
started it yeah we searched hell okay so
I have a lot of people that get inspired
by what I do and stuff and they don't
they don't think dreams can come true
you think that yeah be a car that's full
owner oh yeah I started company with
only three hundred dollars two years and
half ago uh
sixty million dollars revenue you like
from scratch so there's another
inspiring story you see the house and
the car told you guys about yesterday
and I'm gonna go to I'm going to Spain
to birthday already 21st August August
they want okay we're going there on a
celebrity betta hell yeah
guys remember that Lambo was talking
about yesterday see if you work hard
enough you'll get one of these bad boys
you guys already see me driving them in
Dubai amazing that's the dream car right
here
the gas is so cheap in Dubai here this
was like follow 150 bucks to fill up the
tank in Dubai 20 bucks look at these
guys cars amazing
I won that I'm gonna lift up the car
I want that look how pretty it looks I
want that I want that I want that I want
that this is amazing and what do you
think I told them I told well we're not
talking like we have it we don't yeah
we're working for it so it's telling
Eddie in the next year I'm gonna post an
Instagram picture with me with a scooter
how I started with the scooter it's all
in one picture a scooter Toyota Celica
Isuzu 2001 Honda Genesis f-type Jaguar
I'm BAM you got to move up in life
started with a scooter started with a
bicycle bicycle 50 cc Chinese scooter
Toyota Celica 95 Isuzu Rodeo it's like a
Jeep 2001 and then it was Hyundai
Genesis and then it was the f-type and
then this I know for you guys thinking
like all these are douchebag blogs
they're not really douchebag blogs
because I'm not bragging because if it
was mine I was bragging and I would be
douchey it's not mine I'm just doing it
for inspiration guys like I remember
watching myself looking at myself at a
gas station not looking at myself I was
at the gas station in high school I'm
like what do you have to do for a living
to be driving these cars well now I know
you just gotta work hard that's all just
left the house and I'm headed to a
massage at least once a week you gotta
treat yourself for a massage and it's
not expensive some of you think oh it's
a lot of money no there's some massage
places that I know they're not and
they're not happy anything neither I'm
gonna get a massage I did my back today
hardcore back training I need
is massage I love these places they
break you in completely you're back hot
stones you come out feeling like a
million bucks and I passed my massage
place make a u-turn
so yeah massage and then later I don't
know it's a fourth of July weekend
everybody's partying you know how many
parties are gonna invite it today I
guess well I don't want to go maybe
tonight
sure but am I gonna drink so doesn't
matter I guess you can stop you know
what I noticed I learned what I didn't
drink at the parties you can still have
fun without drinking a lot of fun stuff
through my massage last night I went
home and I went out and I didn't bring
my block camera I'm sorry I didn't bring
my block camera just another party I
actually had filmed it on my phone
couple clips I'm gonna play right now
there was basically a Tussaud DJ slender
we're getting invited by Romney XO thank
you for bringing me out so right now is
5:00 p.m. starting the vlog late and you
know how I climbed the Hollywood sign
and I came out peace
it's called one piece so right now I
messaged you guys and I said yo let me
come by the store and grab the American
one American camel it's full American
camel flag and they said sure come by so
the stores closed right now it's been
closed for 20 minutes and literally the
girl that's waiting there she's like I'm
gonna wait keep it open for you so I'm
getting there I feel horrible that I'm
20 minutes late the poor girls trying to
go home and I'm driving but it's not
that far thing like five minutes away so
yeah oh you're so nice I just told my
viewers that I'm late you're doing large
or not
well you only have a medium so there's
no other option hell yeah thank you so
much thank you do you have another
medium for me can I get one more yeah
yeah thanks for my best friend my
manager he doesn't love for me stuff you
like I want to surprise him nice I got
hooked up with two thank you guys thanks
one piece thanks Thomas you guys are the
best
I'm gonna rock a fourth of July onesie
American flag ones and even though I'm
that American that'll be interesting
yo Eddie what are you looking at right
now over there there's a dog and a
rolls-royce there's a
Darley dog Wow
and the guy pulled up with a cigar yeah
yo so we just got to the show
met up with Eddie oh yeah met up with
Eddie saw me and look was safer because
you're not drinking
anyways we snuck in through the window
the DJ's of instructions and we're right
here
hey we need the man attacked in
battalion so what's up are you gonna
kill it today
yo what are you doing dude happy fourth
of July
god bless this country yeah if you're
watching this it's 3:30 in the morning
and look what you're doing I'm just
proud to be American wait is that this
guy I said yeah yeah you're both like
that's yeah yeah do you actually that
guy that carries that like the luck of
the vapor and around yeah I got my
American fanny pack are you serious that
is dude dude right there yeah an issue
right here next to will be the hydrant
squad dude are you really dead like down
or fuck yeah
are you do your where's your friends
behind the camera D turn it around it's
not your friends you were just following
this you're just literally walking like
I'm pretending like you know us it's not
cool but are you talking about that way
dude dude I know you cooling everybody
get away and what are you doing too long
to take a check
like
she was laughing literally just woke up
seconds ago happy fourth of July
everybody today's fourth of July if
you're watching this
that's right happy fourth of July stay
safe don't drink and drive
look at her hey mom making orders look
at all these orders well smile hey mommy
mommy oh alright guys thank you so much
for watching this I'll see you guys
tomorrow
mystery diner and don't forget to thumbs
up ridiculous we're really in the
Ghostbusters
what are those look at this guy
