what up villains kind of repetitive
what's up billions what's up villains
maybe I should just start the vlogs get
it get it okay good ones are coming back
what's up guys so I'm headed to the
jewel right now can't go a day without
workout addiction is real I have to go
to the gym you know you feel like really
like shit if you don't go to the gym I
don't know how you guys feel but that's
how I feel so I headed to the gym right
now
4 p.m. later I'm getting this Segway
it's a Segway mini Pro that I got that
I'm gonna unbox and show you guys it's a
new product that's coming out so I get
to be the first one to test it out and
it's supposed to be better than
hoverboards well it's not supposed to
eat is better because I already saw the
videos of it it's absolutely fantastic
so that's gonna come help me out and I
think if I want to Super Bowl Kanaan
bucks it go right around make a plum
vlog for you guys let's do this
guys so you know previous vlogs I was
talking about the jump cut Academy Jesse
Kong and I teaching people like you fans
have to become successful youtubers
everybody's asking you how to become a
successful youtuber how to get millions
of views how to do this this this this
so it can be answering to everybody so
we created this program jump cut academy
that teaches you everything it's an
hour-long podcast completely free if you
click the link in the description and
enter your email we sent you the link
but they send me a sneak peak to put it
in my vlog so I'm gonna show it to you
guys share it all the fans are emailing
me and we close the list so now I call
them and tell them yo guys need to open
up because not every villain knows about
it yet all you really need sometimes is
that one video to hit in order for your
entire like career to take off on
YouTube you don't need to like slowly
climb the ladder cuz a lot of people
just get this one hit video and now
they're on the map there's a guy that I
subscribed to named marques Brownlee he
reviews tech basically if you go to his
really really old videos he was like 13
this was before he got like millions of
subscribers I was subscribed to him at
around two hundred thousand three
hundred thousand some like that and then
back then his beginning videos only had
like a few thousand views and again
that's because people watch back so I'm
sure when he started it was only like
you know 60 or maybe a couple hundred
he's now I think twenty two
I believe like in his early 20s you
think about that it that took him nine
years he's literally one of the biggest
tech bloggers in the world he gets as
many views as TechCrunch does or
Mashable or whatever tally yeah but yeah
he people send him free stuff all the
time so he just got a new super huge
office space went into a new apartment
graduated from college and now he's
pretty much set for life as long as he
doesn't fuck shit up it just kind of
shows you like the dedication and the
hard work that you have to put in to
really get somewhere but now there's a
lot of tools that that that kind of help
you along the way there's a lot of
people that have learned it already so
you know for him mills nine years but if
you guys start now knowing what you know
and then hopefully you'll learn a thing
or two from this podcast it'll take you
a lot less time you know the people
always ask like is it even teachable can
you actually teach someone to become an
influencer and and be huge on YouTube
because like a lot of people think like
you know you either have it or you don't
but I do not believe that whatsoever we
had this this this kid well he's still
kind of a kid Aria we met it when he was
a young one and we coached him when he
had like just a couple hundred
subscribers and we coached him we taught
we taught him the ropes we told him a
few fundamentals that ended up making a
really big impact of his channel and now
he has close to what 800,000 subscribers
yeah
just with some coaching so it's
definitely possible to grow your channel
very quickly as long as you don't make
like the rookie mistakes that that we
made mm-hmm no different than us people
look at lucky yeah a lot from rich
parents yeah yeah I don't know why
people think that I think more so you
drove toyota celica 1995 you still drive
that I'm great I put an extra exhaust
yeah I mean but yeah I grew up extremely
poor I mean I did a draw my life a while
back where I kind of explained that look
when I was little my parents don't even
have enough money to give me Christmas
gifts Christmas gifts was just like a
box of candy basically because that's
all they can afford so I grew up in a
really poor family but I think that
helped me in a way it makes you think
about the past and tell yourself look I
don't want to go back to the
place exactly a lot of people think look
I'm in this poor situation I'm in a bad
neighborhood whatever it is I can't make
it out like a shitty job and I need to
find out now we can buy a camera for a
hundred bucks I mean you come on you can
save 100 bucks yeah it's on your phone
yeah if you have you have a camera yeah
yeah so there's this guy that you showed
me that the other day that he's like an
old man that loves like children's toys
and he just like plays with these dumb
little toys and you I heard about it
yesterday
no they review toys there that's another
one too that was the most highest paid
channel in 2014 for twenty nine million
dollars in one year but 4.9 million
dollars is only factoring YouTube ad
revenue right they're not factoring the
brand deal she probably got from all the
other stuff oh yeah so whenever they
give you already sick in my stomach
don't make it even worse
but yeah the the point of that was
basically like no matter what crazy
thing that you're interested in
there will be an audience because we
have this thing called the internet and
you can find pockets of people that are
interested in the exact same thing
you're interested in as long as you
utilize it in an interesting way and
that's what YouTube is great for no
matter what your passion is you can
incorporate it into making a channel so
Vitaly how much money do you make how
much money I mean are you a mic on
because if I want to start a YouTube
channel I want to know like okay is this
even worth it for me to like in terms of
a career to pursue like insane it's a
insane money you can make on YouTube I
mean enough to live in Beverly Hills and
drive a Jaguar oh it's a I mean very
specific I mean yeah I mean I'm gonna do
by everyone but not yeah but you just
don't do that I'm just I'm just saying
well no we both done it and we've both
done and together it's good but Texas is
a big yeah I think there's a big
misconception here one there's a lot of
people that think you admit you can't
make any money on YouTube which is false
obviously you know just put just do a
search on how much do youtubers make it
was like Tom Tunney you tubers yeah like
some of youtuber
goes like to Forbes list in the shit
yeah yeah and I mean those are the top
ten if you even if you go down to like
the top you know want ten thousand
hundred thousand they're still making a
good living but even with 100 thousand
subscribers you can make over yeah no we
know this one photographer dude that has
a little over a hundred thousand
subscribers and he made he's making well
over six figures that was just a sneak
peak if you want a full hour clean the
link in the description below and we do
break down my breakdown by bringing down
so enjoy it you change of plans that's a
great video I was talking about I'm
gonna do with that that's later that's
gonna be in a couple vlogs later but I
just picked up at and getting mani-pedi
dude you're looking great you got the
750 s
we're such a spoiled brats they're
probably like watching this and like
what the hell but yeah or clog the nails
we're so bad don't show oh I love how I
love how everything is blurry in the
back of my nail just that shit is I have
been trying to go to get mani-pedi for
like about a month
I literally have claws on my feet so
we're gonna get that dog and then we go
and I have a meeting I have a very
important meeting with the Russian
producer I would say production company
it's about a show I won't talk much
about it because you know everything is
in the works
but Dan we're going to Pete's birthday
party it's a private event in Beverly
Hills and if you guys are not peak
season on for vines and we got invited
with Ed and we'll see what's going on
your boys not drinking boys driving and
I got this little fanny pack now look
you that's for the villains that's for
the villains a blog ma'am because I like
to worry Danny packs but I like to wear
tight jeans so here we go guys hi Manny
payday time yo so we just got to the van
look who is the birthday boy brother
happy birthday Oh New York 65 scooters
talking about earlier
Oh tomorrow they don't know what's gonna
happen in or you have no clue oh she's
no let's just show me mine should it be
a surprise because he was greatly
surprised what is he picking when he's
picking me up tomorrow I don't know why
I should wait he's picking me up and
tomorrow's gonna be completely insane
yeah give him a hit but I'm gonna give
him again no no no no I could be too
much I think one of the greatest movies
of all times
bring the camera come on all the girls
that's a beautiful picture that's great
that's a great picture
alright ladies and gentlemen I hoped you
guys enjoyed this vlog I didn't drink
last night the boys going to the gym
again and that it's the Korean day I was
super tired just passed out last night
make sure you hit thumbs up button for
this vlog and also the link in the
description
watch the podcast I guarantee you it's
very helpful thank you guys so much for
watching this vlog you guys are killing
it with the support the lights the views
thank you I'll see you guys tomorrow
let's see dining it's trespassing
unlawfully resisting arrest tampering
with the sign and entering the fire zone
