do it we just got here this morning with
all these people seven oh eight seven
eight thirty what's up you're white you
got backpacks on you got to go to school
bro this would be on the block we got
Eddie here at 72 spoke up what's up dude
so yeah so I'm single for but they're
gonna give free giveaways what's up guys
they're gonna give giveaways and then I
what's up yeah of course
nice so yeah
I'm late to court you guys take only
shirt look at this guy's not human my
Spanish people gonna come with sub but
stop guys hell yeah what's up villains
that crazy morning it's 8:30 on the dot
and I'm sure there's gonna be a lot more
people that's gonna show up but you know
we're 24-hour notice time bless your
snap just blasted snapshot
nice shirt bro did you get some free
shirt outside oh oh oh this is it you
just got this nice siesta they gave me a
plea I'm gonna take the plea but then my
work after I take the plea if I want to
roast the prosecutor which I do I'm
allowed without getting in any more
trouble so classic here I'm gonna find
out your name and I know you're watching
this I'm sorry
all right Simon Court right now this is
my awesome lawyer and then yeah so what
other charges can you read this again
it's trespassing unlawfully resisting
arrest tampering with the sign and
entering the fire zone so kids if you
want to go find out sign this is what
you're gonna be charged with but not
actually because I'm a youtuber that's
why they're charging me a bill that
they're trying to teach me a lesson
I'm gonna be picking up trash on the
side of a highway so you want to do is
walk up right now I get your camera
there we were to go to that corner over
there okay take the box all right so I
walk up there
oh cool
thanks guys
thanks for coming out guys it's amazing
it's a lot thanks so you guys really
drove from San Diego these people are
crazy what you guys
nice man thanks for coming out 4:30 in
the morning nice you guys are amazing
what up guys everybody got the shirts
vitalyzdtv shouldn't Sally shirts phone
case so the news came and it was amazing
that had to go it's his own business
meeting you know ideas thanks for this
dude bones thank you for coming out you
did great war weren't aggressive was in
the back people were behaving yeah
usually it's more crazier like when I
was in Malaysia people were acting like
complete animals not saying I don't like
Malaysians cuz I'm going back to
Malaysia soon but I'm just letting you
guys know I'm surprised how people
behave and apparently since people
waited so long he said some people left
yeah couple of people left but the
courts are not good your probation not
money not monetary probation so I don't
have to like go back and check in every
month that's not bad
twenty days of community service hours
and a couple thousand dollars worth of
fines I think I got pretty good and all
the charges got dropped it's not bad oh
my god you know that stomach where
you're so hungry your stomach hurts yeah
I'm starving right now
my stomach is screaming for food and you
know where your boys gonna go your boys
gonna go to Chipotle double chicken bull
no rice but on the other news I think
I'm gonna fly to Kentucky tomorrow to
collab with Tom mabe after Tom mabe I'm
gonna go see my boy not enough I should
say maybe I should leave a surprise and
then after that surprise I'm gonna go to
New York chill for a few days because
there's no point in flying back to LA if
I have to be in Cleveland on the 12 and
summer in New York is amazing I Love New
York I want to do some epic pranks in
New York while I'm there to vlog every
day and bring my drone fly my drone and
should be epic and maybe add a head even
to Miami for a date
mmm Miami swim week that sounds dope so
yeah I got a lot on my plate right now
I'm trying to figure out what I want to
do so stay tuned headed to the gym right
now and I'm a traffic so I don't want to
crash I gotta go
so I'm working out at the gym and I get
a phone call from guess who my boys from
Dubai hey hey we got that outrageous
right here oh so we hear we're just
chilling right now she whooped my ass
and FIFA always I haven't won one game
yet but three two that's a good score
but I guess you were sitting far away
you're losing your vision so you can't
see once you said on this floor next to
the screen you won right away and this
dog is freaking he's funny he's like you
played with lions and tigers Marat but
yeah I don't want to get my dog alright
guys you know it's a Korean day and I've
been looking for the news all morning
big news that you saw at the gym that I
showed it to you guys that TV was
blinking for some reason I don't know
why what happened but basically this
says Oh YouTube star natural born
pranksters climbed a sign and he got
this fee already guys told you what I
had to do 20 days of community service
hours a year probation I couldn't find
the clip anywhere
it's from ABC Eyewitness News so if you
guys find it feel free to tweet me the
link but I appreciate all of you who
came to court yesterday I know you guys
some of you are watching this so thank
you my next chord is July 12 in
Cleveland I'm thinking about doing a
meet-up there also answers the court is
so far I told you guys like am I going
to collab with Tom mabe in Kentucky from
Kentucky go to the courthouse and then
go to New York I just want to do July
full of making awesome pranks for you
guys and vlogs but anyways thank you
guys so much for watching this vlog
don't forget to give a big thumbs up for
a free vitaliy and i'll see you guys
tomorrow
listen
