what's up villains what up what up what
up how are you guys uh if you're
watching this video this is uh it's
today so if you're watching this right
now I'm in court and yeah I'm super
excited and nervous about the courthouse
excited because I want to meet all the
fans nervous about what kind of plea I'm
going to take for the Hollywood sign for
climbing the D there's a lot of
consequences for sitting in that D
anyways and then I have a court in
Cleveland
that's my updates I'm back in LA now and
I know I missed a few vlogs over the
weekend because of VidCon but I'm here
today vlogging and headed to the gym
with my awesome sweater come with me if
you want to lift with Arnall on it very
inspiring if you like million bucks in
this sweater so makes you want to lift
harder and everything
there was really no updates and making
my visa to go to Europe to go to
Amsterdam my grandpa got really sick and
things aren't looking too good and I'm
probably gonna fly to Russia how'd you
go see him hope everything's okay right
now I can't speak to him on the phone
because he can't talk he got uh he got
throat cancer so he just had a surgery
in his throat he can't talk my grandma
got sick but she's feeling great she
feeling better I should say so I'm gonna
visit both of them also the things about
the what's going on in the world man
this sucks you know what I was always
complaining about little things in life
but I can appreciate to live and breathe
fresh air I can't believe what happened
in Istanbul it's just a scary thing I'm
praying for Istanbul and praying for the
world I know it's going on all around
the world and it kind of upsets me that
the media didn't talk as much as they
did talk about Orlando shooting but I
don't want to get into that because
that's not what I hate all the negative
negativity but just letting you know
that the life is fragile I'm scared and
I'm just thinking like when I was in
Thailand and Peake OPP Island just move
there chill on that island in peace
tsunami might come one day god forbid
that never happens again the tragedy
that happened in 2004 there
just imagine living in the middle of
nowhere on a small island no phone just
escape in the world have the beautiful
blue ocean or see whatever the island is
and just enjoy life and I'm also working
on going to Croatia I want to go to
Croatia again I love Croatia I love I
love split I love their gear I love the
whole Croatia Croatia is amazing I want
to go back to Croatia
but anyways right now I'm gonna go eat
have an 8 all day I've been kind on the
balking mode I would say because I have
been eating a lot of carbs right now I'm
cutting all that July is the month of
cutting I want to cut cut cut cut I want
to be super ripped I want to have a
nasty six-pack if not a pack
Oh
so today I work out his shoulder and
supposed to do like skipping like they
love tomorrow she's gonna be dedicate
hard work to legs but I am looking bulky
and I need to cut it down I love it
they're not too bad but I started today
I feel I got the mass I just need I just
wanna I just wanna have veins in my
stomach I want to be that despiteful
turn around show them the back
oh you gotta back
I like to do one by one because two of
you like
so I got home from the gym and since
tomorrow's the court I don't know how
many people are going to show up
hopefully a lot but I got some left over
TMT gear which is pretty quality
products got some small towels got some
sucks but then I'm also going to get
some Batali merchandise I'm Natali's
their shirts on the bottom right there
there's probably yep moisture it's here
sunglasses villain sunglasses I'm gonna
throw them all out tomorrow so hopefully
enough people shows up and if they don't
I guess everybody will get some so while
my mom is doing the inventory for the
for the shirts I'm gonna show you what
kind of supplements I take so it takes
Cynthia six as my protein workout I like
to mix it with half a banana sorry for
the mess half a banana in a splendor one
and a half scoop chocolate chocolate
peanut butter taste is amazing with
water no milk I drink me oh because I
don't like kind of water like a like
water but it goes down easy your milk
pistol for your liver because I feel
like all the supplements and then I take
this stuff this stuff is great it's not
like a creatine I take five bits for the
pump I take five before the workout and
five after that's my supplements and
it's a really good video about the
supplements but I'm just worried about
right now about a quart tomorrow
because I hope people show up and you
know we'll see it's 8:30 in the morning
work day some people have summer school
some people have work and have to be a
work but we're doing the inventory like
I said earlier TM t-shirts and yeah
since I'm gonna be releasing the villain
hats again the campaigns and I work with
other companies now I don't work out of
my house with the shirts anymore I'm
actually going to do a blowout sale
because it's to have leftovers with
Natalia and stuff so if you guys want to
get it these are the stuff that I'm
going to be selling it go to the store
now so I still have a lot of glasses
left so I'm going to do one two three
four five six
and we got the Vitaly World Cup
completely forgot about these t-shirts
I'm giving away most of it tomorrow well
almost all of it and and for the
villains that are watching in other
states and overseas in Europe or
whatever you're from I'm doing a blowout
sale the link is in the description
below
I'm putting off 70% of all the merch 70%
just blowout sale go rape the store I
don't care
first come first get the link is in the
description below go get your stuff come
support and tweeted me the pigs 7 hours
left before meet up I don't know what
I'm doing up still I gotta edit this
vlog but yeah I'm super nervous and
excited
Edie called the news to come out and
apparently I guess the prosecutor is
follow me also on all my social media I
heard High prosecutor if you're watching
this but yeah so I'm going to court for
climbing the D I know the punishment for
the D but I hope I won't be getting the
D in jail but I don't think I have any
jail time to be honest he's gonna be
probation in some community service
hours not sure but keep my head up and
try to get it over with close the case
and move on with my life but my court
case for Cleveland is July 12 I'm gonna
have a family up outside of that
courthouse also and just want to say
that I love everybody thanks for all
your support and the question of the day
today and the question of the day in the
comments what do you do for a living
please leave me the comments below what
do you do you even if you don't work
just let me know what your passion is
would be awesome to know and I'm really
thankful for this daily support it's
also to the vlogs and it's so hard to do
pranks nowadays the recognition is
unbelievable on the streets but not
complaining just gonna keep cranking
keep cranking the world and follow my
dream
getting into movies I can't wait til the
airplane mode movie comes out with Logan
Paul like I told you guys before
we're excited about that and what else
did Italian censored show is all thank
you guys so much for watching another
vlog if this vlog was a little boring a
rather vlog for you guys
as much as I can I know some of you just
wants to see my pretty face alright guys
thank you so much for watching don't
forget to give this lug a big thumbs up
and I'll see you tomorrow
let's see dinette yo ed what are you
doing in the freakin girls bathroom Oh
what are you doing you're a creep
