look at that beautiful shot look at that
starting to vlog a little bit late
what's up villains what's going on I'm
headed to VidCon right now running super
late had to run errands been in Vegas
for like what four or five days so
that's why I'm behind but yeah okay good
I'm good so yeah going to VidCon I'm
gonna make some epic vlogs top-down
beautiful weather I love summer but I'm
not in Europe right now why am I not in
Europe I want to go to Europe every
summer and I'm not but it's still June
so it's never too late
so last night I got to VidCon and I
didn't vlog because it was just too hot
too hot out there we were just you know
catching up with all YouTube friends and
remembering the good old times but today
I'm gonna vlog for you and make it nice
I'm here with the legends let's go guys
do you guys remember this guy from
creation Zumba Stevie Holly yeah I might
go back too far everybody's asking me on
Twitter am i going back to Croatia I
think I'm going to creation not enough
yeah we'll see and we need to film a
twin prank you guys know these little
too cute caramels right check out is
breakfast with God mmm
salads these guys are healthy omelet
chicken onions mushrooms tomatoes
bruised healthy yo so I just got to my
voice blaze
yo what's up bro I haven't seen you in a
while huh we should do lifting
competition because I'm actually getting
some fries gains now see that thank you
brother thank you yeah cuz you're
looking pretty too and your legs are
good what's up did I haven't seen you in
a while yeah his girlfriend saw his
something bid his girlfriend what fiance
same things that's what they left to use
is this a prank on me right now
okay anyways dude I want to go to a
lounge and network with people this is
what I came I didn't come here to party
okay
dude a party so hard right now look at
us without all the red poles and the
monsters that were editing videos it's
not your party dog the jokes shaky deal
dude I remember when you had like zero
subscribers and you're about this
awesome yeah you're about to pass me bro
yeah when we're doing collab let's do a
crazy collab where something's gonna
buddy where something's gonna like blow
up it's not what's it there's a lot of
violence in the world
you're no explosions let's do something
cool like for my main channel though
okay because I want to transition from
pranks into variety of these I want to
be doing sketches and you saw my
documentary why did point I saw the time
young get to watch it that's how I hate
Arras yeah how tall are you how tall are
you
what is this dude this reminds me of
jail except except no mattress my baby
goodnight sweetheart goodnight
sweetheart I love you you're so cute you
my little baby that's never good Steve
still bold what is that it's a little
peanut butter it's protein hell yeah
that's what I'm talking about oh yeah
back in bed bro all right so we got here
these guys this guy's I want to first of
all sing say thank you to the epic video
you guys did for me
amazing work dinner on me man dinner on
me and look who we got here we got Raya
and her boyfriend Chris Chris and ride
was in the show with me applied at the
Living Dead that comes out
and when a billboard villaboard the
Livorno said billboard right there look
it's your boy but who cares about that I
care about this magic trick that you're
about to show us you guys ready yeah I
want you guys to follow Napoleon I need
your right hand in just a second
do you actually see the coin Trump yeah
we'll do it again in fast motion very
much
yeah dude I am soccer ball if you can
feel the coin both in your hand take the
coin so we gets kind of weird wait why
is it on top of her she says you can do
a cool smoke contrarian she's like shit
draw my face it'll make sense in a
second promise wash cars
yeah
sorry
so family you're walking so Calvin Klein
booth and they give you any clothing for
free
what's up you get some food a moto
jacket you can get like oh oh my god I
should totally get this and pose it like
a girl in the Instagram you know yeah I
should be like a sexy look and stuff
I'm definitely getting that thanks bro
she hooked me up with like $400 worth of
free clothes flip-flops fans boxers your
boy is getting fresh tonight oh man look
at this this looks delicious
Wow you just want to drink this
something
bachelor party yo ed what are you doing
the freakin girls bathroom what are you
doing I actually took the sign off and
this is all gender I think this is a
prank I don't know at the gym gotta get
big look at this guy getting big maybe
like this guy with that ponytail no but
it's not for real I see some cots rips
I'm looking good
what about them legs though like my legs
you don't grow man well do you know
handsome you look if you get so big and
red so just let your hair out and go
like this and walk us out of the water I
look like a dirty fucking wrestler from
30kg - Dirty Sanchez putting in work
then gonna go change and let the night
begin it's been a secret for a sound
right of time I would say but check out
your boy
your boy is gonna be a youtube red fight
of the Living Dead me Yusef Roja Brendan
Dennis Raya Shanna
all these folks and yeah we're God
locked in at the hospital for three days
and had to escape from zombies check out
your board trying to survive for his
life so imagine this for three days
you gotta escape these guys look at this
there was an old cardboard it was
logistically and damned with the
since the next day and how do you want a
vlog at a party it was loud it was a lot
of youtubers don't get me wrong but and
guess who I ran into yesterday guess who
came your favorite person so we're here
at Cheesecake Factory Borgata burrito
and I'm showing you what I eat I might
leave today I don't know let's talk I
don't know this sucks I was in her go
vlog trying to get as much of school
footage as I can and yeah hopefully I'm
adding completion
the pollution starts tomorrow Wow
for your throne
y'all chillin here with some awesome
fans
that's what people like
oh yeah
look who it is what's up guys you look a
little away what's up buddy you made it
a vlog are you what do you what's your
favorite thing about VidCon
okay who's your favorite youtuber
was my last video gusting did you eat
did you having a stump sandwich hot meat
sandwich rice mr. Parkman was just
attacking sounds good I'm with my
favorite manager I want you to listen
two months ago I'm gonna climb this way
and after that I'm gonna stream to the
NBA five sided Bowl yeah and I'm like
really you're not gonna do this two
weeks this dude's in TV playing the
Hollywood sign keep going good strong
anyways wampa we made a movie by logan
paul and it's gonna be amazing it's
gonna be me I'm a villain in the movie
I'm a bad guy
I'm a virgin how I don't want to get
laid Friday is a virtue of the movie and
he wants to get laid on the plane that's
what it is putting me on my pal GU hai
this guy's hot as hi that's the hottest
girlfriend ever seen yes Audrey to make
out tonight yay cute little boy girl or
boy so these guys joined jump-cut
Academy you guys joined it and have you
learned anything yet so these are
inspiring youtubers big star Joe but you
got to start somewhere right
watch these guys these guys from you're
from now they're gonna get more
recognize them on you next VidCon you
guys taking over challenge accepted guys
so i'm sitting here in deciding if i
want to do a collab with Tommy
you guys think you guys like Tommy oh
hey what's up Sam I coming to Louisville
Kentucky by for pranks doing your
channel to a mine we're going this week
we're July 4th we're gonna do something
let me know in the comments below let me
know I'm still gonna go all days okay
I'm putting it work for sure yeah
since Alan rainy what's up Giancarlo no
Giancarlo here look at you guys
everybody so yeah we just got into the
party how do you know I'm not you're
gonna be I'm not even gonna tell you how
we're gonna
to see this but you see this man's okay
so these guys earlier told me they're
gonna get into the maker party maker
okay guys so came back from VidCon and
it was absolutely amazing time great
people now time to get back to reality
and trial court tomorrow
today's the current day which is Tuesday
tomorrow of court Wednesday I want every
single la fan meet out there I'm
possibly gonna be there's jail time when
there's probation I don't know what I'm
gonna choose but I don't know I feel
like if I go to jail I will cut off my
probation time because I hate being on
probation well anyways I did what I did
and I have to face the consequences so
I'm not complaining but I do want to
have a free meet-up and I want every fan
in LA there it's 8:30 in the morning
tomorrow Wednesday this is the address
right here I'm gonna put it across the
screen show up there come support I'm
doing a bunch of giveaways t-shirts
sunglasses everything come out support
take some pictures let's hang out my
Court is 8:30 so let's say if I get
there 8:30 I'm probably walked through
you guys go to my court room feel free
to bring signs whatever you want free
vitaliy or hot I don't know I think is
gonna be good it's gonna cause a little
chaos but not the chaos to piss off the
courthouse will be on the public
walk so I guess they can't do anything
about it anyway see you guys tomorrow or
in another note everybody's asking me
still till today how do you make
millions in YouTube how do you do this
how do you do this how do you become a
popular youtuber how do you have a lot
of subscribers tell us Vitaly I can't be
replying to everybody and teaching you
guys how so I created a free hour-long
podcast with Kong and Jesse from simple
pick up guys to become a successful
youtuber we're going depth and describe
every single little thing everything if
you guys want to watch the free podcast
the link is in the description below all
you have to do is type in your email and
you get that free podcast it's an hour
long go watch learn how to become a
youtuber because a lot of people want to
become a youtuber but they don't have
balls to take a step forward I have
balls enough and I wasn't afraid to fail
if you think you started YouTube when
you fail and you only have like 10 20
subscribers and you gave up wrong don't
give up and give it teacher every single
step how to climb to be the biggest
teacher in the world from everything we
learned and we made these rookie
mistakes and we're gonna teach you how
to not make these mistakes so it doesn't
take you a year or two years to become a
successful youtuber might take giving
them 3-4 months it's actually 10 hours
left till the program closes so click
the link in description type in your
email and yeah it's gonna be gone for
every 10 hours so go now check it out
let me know what you guys think all we
have to do is in tap your email and you
will be thought teach a guide to success
in YouTube also court tomorrow 8:30 in
the morning I want all my fans out there
love you guys thank you so much for
watching this vlog a big thumbs up and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
in court and of
let's see that so a car stands of you
bugs traffic but I'm the one who's
getting pulled over for trying to speed
up and make a left so people can
actually
