laughing welcome to another blog that's
right driving back from Vegas had to
stop it in and out and look at lovely
fans she doesn't know me do you know me
you're unsure
he was the first line you all right he
spotted me from a mile away so I'm like
no I'm kidding minutes right away but
awesome yeah I was thinking big yeah so
we're driving back right now and as you
can see guys those are fires in the
mountains because California is such a
drought I believe those are fires nobody
looks like putting them out I guess
didn't get notified yet or than just
letting it burn
I doubted the fire spread so that's one
of the things living in LA you get
earthquakes and fires what are you
actually that's a good question today to
ask you guys in the comments what do you
live what do you get like when
every summer like
almost every summer
so let me know where you live
catastrophe Cicotte
yeah anyways I want to also thank you
guys for so much love with a new video
I did morning means so much to me all of
you guys respect comments it literally
came out of my heart and some
Oh I've never seen Batali sincere as
well that was my serious
so I appreciate it
few lies about something
anyways yeah thank you guys for watching
that video and if you have
yesterday's mermaid channel so feel free
to
thousand actually right next to the file
live
Geron Tony
Wow look at that fire you can actually
see the flames that's crazy and the
helicopters putting it out she's not
moving at all those ups simply die
fucking standing there Vagos look it
open let it open so right now we're
getting killed on there and these crazy
phones let me see if you're holy I got
the registration online so I'll show you
a picture and for the insurance car
insurance a minute so car stands with
you box traffic but I'm the one who's
getting pulled over for trying to speed
up and make a left so people can
actually go through it's funny it's
funny how life works but it's okay
yeah you can get a picture anything else
even oh I hope he sees that day I hope
see that you took a picture he's gonna
get scared let him know be like be
careful he's gonna post strong lines
gonna get a lot of hits
yeah see I did good that was really good
that you did that that's gonna help you
see how he's gonna get this is gonna get
a lot of traffic what would he do
I can get a butcher on some you
we're like a mile away bro I know we're
a mile away from the house will we made
it all that way make sure you get the
block in your video fam
you heard me the block PBM you already
know what it is my man got pulled over
almost got fucked with your me fucking
light
and another thing exhibition of speed
that's a 30-day impound for your car
what just to let you know what do you
mean expedition is appealing out
exhibition of speed
well I'm sorry leasing I'm saying I mean
I didn't mean to I'm sorry I thought
what was happening of it I know you saw
the cars renew the cars peeling out you
can't do that okay that's what I just
want okay well I never knew that so I
understand that are back I don't think
he's gonna do as they did he's gonna be
good hopefully better be nicer
I hope you guys interesting I'm sorry
here for you guys to I don't know if you
want to do a giveaway or some shit like
that
I'm never gonna wear it's really nice I
don't know the size you that gave you
excel some snapbacks
probably a bro that's really nice if
he's bringing out some shirts too for
you guys did you guys get fucked me or
you guys getting up and things you
always pulls over people wait what just
do always black people over are you
serious yes every team no no thanks but
ah ha thanks for uh thanks I found out
the truth about the police guy um taking
your ass to court
throw about 300 miles from Vegas and we
got pulled over a mile from your house a
mile literally well you remember what
they say in life everything happens for
a reason that's what I'll be using
we're still rocking that EDC tag row Oh
still bragging that you teased me ten I
want to forget about it like a dark
nightmare
oh come on I see writing a ticket yeah
he is really a little it's perfect
okay I don't go easy on you today all
right okay here's your insurance okay
today what you going to be for just not
having your registration in your car so
when you get it you're gonna make a
photocopy of it and you're gonna make a
photocopy of this just mail those out to
1945 softer smoother see that's all for
today but just keep everything else
tomorrow I feel like that fan save me
they took a picture with me he saw that
oh my god they taking pictures of him
that helps a lot especially when it
comes recognized me and they see that
I'm filming them and they know me you're
like I can't give this guy ticket
because I know I'm gonna end up on
YouTube I'm gonna see all these negative
comments from his fans so that helps a
lot you're gonna do huh get him at the
middle the road you fuck your drunk ass
what you gonna do smile for the camera
so this guy was just walking in the
middle of the road and completely
stopped and was like yeah I'm like and I
honk like to move and he goes fuck you
fuck you so I took out the camera and
thought it was entertaining to vlog for
you guys well welcome to LA there's so
many drunk people just walk around and
crackheads which is sad I'm not making
fun of them but it's just type of weird
type of crackheads in Miami there's a
lot of like homeless people but they
don't talk to themselves here I don't
know what kind of crack they're on there
walk around and talk to them something
something that's completely said I'm not
making fun of it but this guy was just
walking in the middle of the road I
honked at him like yo watch out like
you're gonna hit by a car maybe not mean
by somebody else and especially if it
was nighttime so yeah he started like
cursing me out and we're like this lady
look she's screaming and flicking
somebody off insane insane so I come
home and nothing feels better than home
nothing and look what I see
I'm banned from every NBA game for a
year wow that is interesting so I'm not
gonna read you guys the whole thing you
can screenshot it and if you're
interested but one year that's not bad
this is not a lifetime that people said
I'm gonna do it but I'm really not a fan
of basketball but after watching some of
the bachelors games I think I'm becoming
a fan of basketball but football which
is soccer is always gonna be my favorite
so thanks NBA literally passed out last
night I went to the gym after I told you
guys that I got banned from NBA did back
came home passed out for 12 hours just
woke up I know I have to finish this
vlog so this is a Korean day tired of
wearing hats the hats I just got to get
a hair kind of thing getting a haircut
today also wanted to thank you guys for
watching this vlog taking your time and
also the main channel video there's more
than me explaining why I did what I did
there's also a positive message behind
it that if you're in a dark place right
now you can change it and be the most
successful person in the world not
saying I am I'm just saying my life
change for the better
I'm a happy person and I'm living the
dream that's how I look at it and I just
wanted to let you guys know please don't
stop whatever your dreams are if it's
not working out fail fail again fail
again and I promise you you're gonna get
it at the end so thank you guys so much
for watching this video please don't
forget to get those luck thumbs up and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
what's he done I'm sorry about last
night
why my somebody else Russian
