it's a really long ride here I hope it's
worth it they do met your hair perfectly
all these slopes
look at it look how beautiful they are
great use of reliance on people hours
okay
oh my god decided there's a pretty for
Easter what's up guys welcome to the
perennial herbaceous will be Fuhrer's
geo fights farm I say say tulips in the
science way Bo biffer Asst geo fights
yeah it's a really long ride here I hope
it's worth it
hey Matt Andrew over here
what's up boys nobody so Matthew here
used to work at a platform so poor guy
that was like a little passionate or a
little bit what's up dude I brought some
sunflower seeds I thought maybe we get
going here playing a bunch of sunflowers
would that be funny
some guy came to her spit the seeds
everywhere this is one of the most
popular visiting spots and well I
thought the state would Matthew too said
the Metro place this is the place to be
and spring look how beautiful they are
coral - sighs that's a tulip basket it's
a little bit different than her basket
oh my gosh Julie I picked up a basket
over here and corals like I'm here baby
this is your basket get inside this girl
coral that is Juliette's basket
cool
like that these are called
I know I want to take the black ones
with you those black ones are probably
the most romantic to me oh really
I wish I could get D in there lay down
in there lay down
yeah girl oh this is gonna be really
sexy oh wow look at that they do match
your hair perfectly holy smokes
yeah that cowboy behind you makes it
look really good I'm gonna get a picture
Stanley there you go nice yeah this is
the color I'm picking
we should pick on coconut you're right
that those are like coconut Mission
Texas Rangers okay
fringe to black do you know what's
called fringe to see the ends of the
flower veg free yeah it's all French
that one is finished all right honey
here's the one I'm getting you that was
an accident we could actually plant it
in the yard if the one dude
Jessica did already tell you that you
blend it out here just like perfectly
blended on your bed oh my gosh stop
blend in
I should stay now Andrea did I tell you
that you blend right in on here what
you're wearing actually blend in nicely
over there just like one of these tours
Andrea you blend right in on mom did I
tell you that you blend right in over
here always beautiful flowers did I tell
you that you blend right in with all
these flowers you're just as beautiful
just as bright just as you do know that
you getting shy about it
that was a private tour you promised
okay great sounds great for your room
okay so this beautiful dark red accent
so you know if you've ever been in the
yellow a yellow furniture yeah you
wouldn't want to do yellow flowers what
would you want to do so to get red red
access your room to yellow flower wear
the red accent have to be okay does the
room have to have yellow accents no okay
look at the red actually goes to action
this is ready to give like a nice little
countenance but still man wow wow Oh pop
Wow so tulips fantastic landscaping
project we can remember they go dormant
during the winter and they died this
summer sort of beautiful and perfect for
the Spree we wanted your bulbs you plant
the bulbs late winter and in by early
spring there's a star balloon
and then we want to do is make sure you
choose colors that match your existing
shrubs so that they're blooming there's
a beautiful harmony of colors ok great
advice Mike asked you this though do you
need a water these is that necessary yes
you need to water them absolutely but
not too much a lot of water kills
flowers faster than not watering in that
way that's gonna know this needs
sunlight you plant tulips in a shade
you're not gonna really blue so you want
to make sure wherever you planted tulips
could be as much as Sun as possible okay
I got it dry make sure trace is the sand
I mean that's a good drainage so gentle
if your soil is real wet or you have
like leaky hose in that area well I you
don't want them there cuz what kind of
you guys get just got a really pretty
arrangement so what do we get how many
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten
all right Matt thanks all the advice
today bro wisest we're gonna go in and
say good night if you under coming today
coming today is from me me wolf Fox
oMG you found me so cute I'm gonna die
Thank You Mimi I don't think of talking
about me if kids are dying you guys we
love you and remember to love each other
did I tell you that you blend riding on
here same Raider
