sometimes when they're that age I just
don't understand some things sure choke
the chicken bitch together
hey guys how's it goin I just got back
from a mile long walk with the kids and
now they're not being I am waiting for
my laundry to dry so check out what I
just did if you guys don't follow me on
Instagram you won't know this but I've
been trying to practice lettering and
writing pretty things I also drew this
hey there gorgeous I don't like how that
turned out
and then I made India's next video too
and I wrote down other things well I
can't find the other one but it will be
up on his desk next week so you can just
stay tuned for that it will be my very
first ever lettering video on my channel
I'm super excited guys I'm really
enjoying this I've got a book I've been
doing this little tutorial book with my
sister-in-law and we both just really
want to be able to write pretty things
when we want to and you know it's just a
fun little hobby for us to do together
and I don't know I'm kind of struggling
I wish that it was easy for me every
single time that's why I'm not giving up
and I'm just gonna keep practicing I
liked how my hello Monday turned out I
thought it was pretty cute
we're gonna have some outside playtime
before mommy adds up to traffic juliet
climbed up on all by yourself hey guys I
got half way ready today while I was
getting ready we had a little meltdown
that four-year-old over there was pushin
Mama's buttons big time sometimes when
they're that age I just don't understand
some things so we got that all squared
away we had a nice sweet little talk got
a little time out in his room and things
are going much smoother now I told him
during our little talk I said sometimes
a little timeouts not a bad thing it
kind of resets you it's like the reset
button on a on a controller or on a game
that you have he seemed they understand
that pretty good made me realize how
putting things into their terms and
putting it on their level really makes a
difference I see birdie guys it's insane
out here it's December 1 11 and it's
burning up like I'm wearing this hoodie
I've got a sweater on
I've got leggings on Abram let's go
again no come on let's go I know what
you want to
you guys it's a new Dyson hairdryer are
you kidding me this is actually the day
of the week that I wash my hair and I
was just getting ready to go take a
shower and I can use my new hair dryer
oMG I'm so excited it's pink are you
kidding me
also check out the stitching it's purple
you guys
you can adjust the temperature by the
click of a button and how fast the air
comes out of the hairdryer oh my
goodness you guys that was such an
amazing experience and I definitely feel
so pampered I'm so excited
thank you Sam and thank you Dyson for
sponsoring today's video this was just
the best little surprise that I could
have asked for and now this has been
added to my little list of gifts that
I'm giving at Christmas time here at the
Raiders the girls get gifts for all the
girls and the guys get gifts for all the
guys well my newest sister-in-law the
hairdresser and I'm totally giving her
one of these for Christmas and it was
just so fun like it was so airy and fun
and I just loved it myself if you guys
want to get one for your new
sister-in-law your mom or your grandma
ru but spread your teacher your little
kids teacher whoever it is click on the
link in the description and I would not
be this excited I've I didn't really
mean that I like absolutely love this
hair dryer it comes in the most adorable
little storage case which is also
perfect for giving a gift because you're
not just giving the hairdryer you're
giving a little place to keep it in and
it's adorable and it's valid on the
inside and the stitching is purple like
let's be for real now that I'm feeling
refreshed and peppered and rejuvenated
I'm gonna get on with the rest of Monday
all right you guys Avery and I are about
to play a little game of fish food is
that what it's called but first I'm
gonna check on my white chicken chili
I'm taking dinner to the white shoes
tonight white students set it wrong okay
that's fishy
fucking all of his clothes I'm gonna
wear I know and I'll be chilly but I
want to wait too but you're kicking my
butt so yeah hey guys we just got to
Symphony school I had to bring the kids
with me to do traffic today which is
kind of a no-no here I got here a little
early I've just been listening to a
podcast over the crown do you guys watch
that show on Netflix Abrams excited he
gets to go play with symphonies friends
from school while I work I do a key to
playing remember and you can't go on the
playground it's against the rules during
traffic time okay say no playground no
please say no running no and we have to
just calmly and quickly walk otherwise
you get in trouble and someone will say
hey that little boys running hey need to
sit down
he's gonna be going to the principal's
office what you were looking at she was
crying in the car the whole time she was
saying fuck
okay mellow gymnast come on while the
rest of the family goes to gymnastics I
am gonna go drop some food off at
Shannon and Sean's as I showed you guys
earlier are you gonna do good yes hey
you're already acting like that we'll
listen cuz there's wires to call are you
gonna listen to your teachers oh good
we've been do everything all the way out
how's it yeah I can't Rivlin I love you
everyone I love you hey chase Julia is
staying with me she helped me be very
unhappy and then I'm gonna meet Sam or
head at the partners house here in just
a little bit too so it's gonna be great
just having this afraid for a little bit
just
and meet Sandra gymnastics I think
honors
sup guys we're at Mike's
Mike and Jen's house the cooking dinner
disgusting man you got guests over here
what's your name what's your name now
the blues guy
is this trolls Christmas is it a show
movie or just like a short
oh it's 50 16 minutes long we've got
some good bread cutting skills
she was happy still even sick McConkey
me what sorcery represents snow but then
it dried up came late this low shriveled
oh yeah like all the air comes white Tom
candy yeah it is all poofy and snowy and
stuff you know but so cool so this is
just a family thing yeah mine did this I
did this but mine was a little
differently and there's a whole little
village online it had this tree little
bit extreme painting each other's houses
it's mine is bad anyway please
George hi before you go to bed can you
do the chicken dance for us show us the
chicken dance shut the chicken dance let
me see it
you gonna dance you got dance let me
take this let's see a TV Mitch oh my
gosh thank you time for bed baby just
wanted to see the chicken dance what you
do
nice Jason we're gonna get you this is
day number two well under her poop on
this party then he's got to look for the
pain he has to see the pain with his own
eyes found it you found the pain oh
there's some real skin coming out there
all right can I love you what you gonna
read tonight good night and love you
guys thanks for joining us today
watching Julia chicken nassos pretty
entertaining right not much going on
with me today
we just took here some sheetrock in the
ceiling Nexus Center in Dallas and it's
really cool what they do there it's a
Christian ministry and what they do is
they bring in women who are just
released from prison and who are just
seeing their kids again for the first
time since being out of prison and they
provide rooms for them to help them get
back on their feet and help them become
mothers basically again to their
children honey if I come into the day in
what's when did you find I saw lots of
good ones I can choose okay I'm choosing
one that personally goes with my day and
it comes from Shelby hardest street
Abram is so obedient
he noticed when Sam started praying and
put his fork and rice back in the bowl
you guys are teaching him well I just
love your family so much hello from West
Virginia me and Abram everybody heads a
lot today and he was Soviet and at the
end of day sometimes I feel discouraged
and I question myself as a mother she
doesn't weigh too much I'm like honey
they're kids they're going to do this no
matter what we do they're going to
disobey they're going on one rebel
against us no matter what this you can't
deny these comments that you guys see
from a 10 minute video the things we're
doing right and personally need to be
reminded that kind of stuff sometimes I
think you guys Thank You Sheldon
alright guys question of the day what
are your honest opinions about this new
ottoman again does it match enough it's
not the same blue they're just like one
shade off I'll put them on top of each
other to give you guys a better example
alright guys don't forget we love you I
don't remember to love each other yeah I
get fashion
