any what's in your mouth dead squirrel
oh my gosh that is disgusting you guys
see that
in this together cute these little guys
are my little artist was that work last
night the best part of coming home from
work it's waking up my little man not
wake him up he's already awake but I get
to get him up on these mornings hey guy
hey Luke do you see this Maya when I
come home from work buddy
good morning fuzzball fuzzball yeah
your fuzzball man William goosey mama no
need some help you got it
what are you gonna do the diaper
I'm just gonna sit up there and
relax honey this is everyone's favorite
game right now you guys wanna check it
out
forest flyer got that yeah please thank
you bird and fly them around the forest
it does different things you can land
them wherever you want to any user
doesn't different where everything here
I'm watching going through you guys
letters and somebody sent Symphony these
are really awesome finger puppet tattoos
show me which one you did today of
course you can morning everyone
you guys all know that saying like
whenever you get ready to do something
like if you need to talk on the phone or
you get ready to take a shower your kids
suddenly like want to listen to you and
talk to you all the time well it's the
same thing money blog I just wanted you
all to know that so I'm sitting here
opening of letters and symphonies
putting on tattoos on Azure Ames and
Angela and they are from Canada and she
just sent me the sweetest letter so I
just wanted to say thank you for that it
was a very informative heartfelt letter
as another Christian wife and it just
was very helpful it's really cute
stationery too
you show me which one you just did the
viewers on the seat yeah show me what
you three still oh my goodness I'm mr.
frosty we're almost ahead she has four
more fingers left that is so cool two
three four
your little pinky hey Annie
what's Annie doing over there she's oh
she dug up a squirrel
you Annie what's in your mouth dead
squirrel oh my gosh that is disgusting
you guys see that
anyway it's Monday which means grocery
shopping day mommy can't wait we should
go for a walk
they are our tire is flat on the
stroller so we're gonna go get a pumper
for it yeah that was such a good idea no
no okay mommy's gotta go bye bye bye bye
Manny you coming mommy okay let's go
wouldn't you know it my view on the
shopping trip hey buddy
first up we have laundry soap how are
you and help me find it okay let's go on
a mission
we made it we're through the grocery
store for once I did not finish my list
but we have plenty hey this little guys
set in the buggy almost the whole time
just that one little simple I'll call
him and promise
you did a good job today - Missy perfect
what for when you go to school next year
she's mean I learned how to cut the
right fighting is bad he's been wanting
to learn for a while now so we're going
to make it happen
this is what me and Abram did when he
first wakes up for now he gets his juice
and he crawls up in my arms look at this
face he goes squished up in my arse
happy care I love it if I almost just
like a favorite part of my day that and
snuggling simpie of course and doing
crashes getting ready to open up her
craft that she got a Walmart today yes I
opened in just a second oh there's
there's the solar Symphony yes you can
why don't we do a practice sheet where
did those go I said practice sheet on it
there's a bunch of stuff that like
therefore the practice weeks oh my
goodness so many things you can practice
on here this is a practice sheet right
there why don't you practice cutting
just this straight line right there and
let's see how you do you got a hold the
scissors like that there we go you did
it all right now it's on to dribbles
dribbles what our struggles what does
that word mean it means that you go up
down City was wrong okay
didn't want that to happen and I was
reading something so Kasey was diving on
the carpet there's a little bit on the
carpet though it's a good question it's
not our just like getting one we haven't
had a chance
Tiffany who are these little people that
you made listen Jesus and who is this
person and it's an angel I'm saying to a
purple hair huh
and who is this one whoops but what's
that one that I job that you drew the
past tense of drawers drew listen so I
can find that fixed would you paint this
for them I didn't paint them my clothes
no you painted them you color them good
job so viewers today me and mommy are
going on a walk yeah I'm gonna doing
with that oh oh yeah
there's water inside that and now those
are over my feet and this is what
happens when we get water puddles oh
yeah my goodness you guys
that's the cool thing about kids you
know they know how to turn any situation
into fun good job you're strong okay
we're on our walk and we are just
sitting here calling Annie there she is
she's with a neighbor dog she's like
that dog that was at our house the other
day hey tough to you're running I guess
I'm gonna go knock on their door I have
to go get her okay we found it okay
symphony run over there and you talk to
her while I go and knock on the door
okay operation get nanny back is in
progress now they didn't know she was
our dog I don't know they just didn't
know it he's being such a trooper three
miles is a long way for her to walk I
hope she'll figure out that there's
water over there us two girls just got
they're cleaning up the house with clean
Symphony's room the craft room the
kitchen and so I'm letting Symphony have
a little bit of a late snack this is our
favorite snacks to have together white
cheddar cheese popcorn I just love that
it so yummy mm-hmm anyways guys it's
been a really fun day it's been super
busy and I feel like it's just flown
right past us so with that being said
we'll see you all on tomorrow's vlog if
you enjoyed our video today give us a
thumbs up and be sure to subscribe so
you can come back tomorrow and all the
other days to see what our family is up
to there's always something going on
around here alright guys don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
viewers and and don't forget we love you
and remember to fix your hair
