this is what he looks like when he eats
yogurt pretzels that's funny that's
funny huh you are my sis
they by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to
when God
and it's together
hey guys how are y'all doing today I
haven't got to tell you hello yet look
at what Abram is doing did you see he
just like came over here and started
saying you see seat he just wants to sit
here and look out the window
he's such a boy he loves it outside
whether it's cold rainy hot I don't know
he just loves it all hands sweet
so it's Sunday afternoon for us and
that's always a relaxing time we are
getting ready to have lunch and then
family naptime only today I'm not going
to do nap time for myself laundry PB&J
for lunch today we usually do sandwiches
on Sunday I remember when I was growing
up our family had like the same thing
almost every Sunday only it was a little
better PB&J but if you like lately we've
been having sandwiches every Sunday it's
easy to have routines on Sunday so that
the church-going process is smoother you
know set the clothes out the night
before which I forgot to do last night
have an idea of what you're gonna eat
your head before you come home or before
you even get up on Sunday morning and
then also you know the same for dinner
and housework and all of that just kind
of your plan oh no you guys Symphony
disappeared oh my gosh
she was here she was here one minute and
then she disappeared oh my gosh the
table is laughing this is the way to
clean you guys yeah buddy way to go
where this giant string that falls off
the walls and tongues when you open up a
certain cabinet door and so the kids
have been taking turns putting toys
inside the spoon and then putting the
toy inside of the bin you can do it oh
man almost so someone named Galina I
think I'm saying that name right sent us
a goodie bag full of stuff yesterday and
with it she sent this flower and
symphony has been inseparable from the
flower she even asked me if it could
stay in her room during nap time she
loves the flower and set it up how was
she going to bed to she said that when I
babysit her her mom doesn't let her have
any snacks she really doesn't like it
why is her face down can you stand her
up place so we can see her feet cat
because she's really sad about it this
is one of those at the Sun causes them
to dance when they're in the Sun for a
while but Symphony likes to oh yeah
that's really close you know she has our
dancing flower didn't you give her name
Easter time getting ready over here do
what he's doing he's plugging it just
spill out and he picks it up and he
tries to drink it but before he gets it
in his mouth of course it spills all
over the kitchen floor oh I'm serious
mind say I don't this is like you might
but I mess it up okay and you asleep
okay you can sleep I'll take a turn
after you at least he wants to clean up
the mess is that it wait okay guys proud
mommy moment this is what Symphony is up
to you right now Angie I'm giving you
this for Easter because he died on the
cross Thursday
kilos from your debt good job they're so
cute but what about you
thanks MP you got miss I am packing
Sammy's lunch box tonight we had BBQ
chicken sandwiches my grocery shopping
day so we're like out of snacks for him
I'm trying to improvise I don't really
know what to do right now I'm like you
know saltine crackers pickle slices I
couldn't think and then I feel like you
know sometimes I'm I want to hack him
like the good snack so that he's not
embarrassed I take them out at work
infants colleagues and my gosh we
seriously ate like a jar of pickles at
dinner ham almost almost the whole jar
we're also I'm normal staff a sandwich
bag
when's Mother's Day I don't know
Sam's actually would never say no of
course we did it miss Mother's Day no
he's your mom would have said something
nobody told your mom happy Mother's Day
there's no way we missed it we're good
but when is Mother's Day guys Pharrell
are y'all ready to go see baby cave oh
wow I think she's excited we took early
bags got in our PJs and everything just
so we had a new baby I'm sorry
oh my god of so awake Wow look at that
oh I can't even tell sure this left five
days Abram are you getting that ready
for the baby yeah making sure it's fine
okay fine day isn't getting it ready for
the baby go bye-bye Abram is so jealous
every time I hold the baby oh I see he's
trying to say Kaede where's the baby
here's the baby with Grandma Kaede
welcome to our crazy world with all
these kids no eyes goodbyes is just too
hard we're home now it's just me and
symphony
I've been doing photo shoot with her
little crafts she made earlier burst in
her teeth you know all that jazz Abram
is totally going through an 18-month
sleep regression I googled it it's
totally legit and it's so just I don't
know what the word is like hmm I don't
know exasperatingly I get this nervous
tension feeling every time it's time to
put him to bed and then for another like
15 minutes after here's what's been
happening every time I put him to bed
whether it's for a nap or at nighttime
he is in his crib crying like screaming
like I want my way straight me not not
he's hurt or sad or anything like that
um he does that for about 15 minutes and
sometimes he does it for 10 minutes I'll
go sing to him and then hold it for
another 15 minutes it's just not fun for
any of us right now so right now we're
kind of waiting it out I try to wait to
fit symphony in her bed until he's all
the way done and we do our storytime and
all of that but right now he's just
really not giving up yeah anyway yeah
anyway so I've been doing a lot of
search on that and basically they say to
treat it as if you're sleep training or
you know whatever method you used when
they were about four to six months old
so that's what I'm doing just every 10
to 15 minutes I go in and soothe him but
anyways
somebody and I want to say good night so
good night viewers don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other see
you tomorrow
see you tomorrow
