good morning where are you two headed to
get Cassie a baby baby
Oh for what Cuffy why you want for the
new baby why are you giving Kofi one
because he is a big brother now oh she's
sweet my brother you are my sister
by the same guy no butter thing
got to give love
well
in this together Oh easter is coming up
in like three weeks from now so I've got
some fun stuff getting ready over here
but really we teach our kids the true
meaning of Easter even though we indulge
in the fun part of it we teach them that
Easter is about the rising of Jesus into
heaven and they know that we don't do
the Easter Bunny here symfony knows that
mommy or grandma ants whoever hides the
Easter eggs for her and so that's how we
do a stir here at our house we still
take part in all the fun we color Easter
eggs we do a lot of the fun stuff
because we're a family and it's nice to
have family things to do so this is what
we got little Easter baskets with their
names on it aren't they cute you guys I
come with all kinds of stuff a little
stuffed bunny you've got a chocolate
bunny over here all kinds maybe I'm like
your more we got these awesome baskets
from personal creations calm they're
originally $35 but you can get them for
$20 just by clicking on the link below
you guys from our Sam and Nia channel
our extended family if you click on the
link below you can get a 40% off
discount on the baskets and 20% off
site-wide for personal creations calm
how awesome is that
I think that Symphony and Abram are
going to flip when they see them
alrighty they are all done make sure you
guys go to personal creations calm to
check out other great gift ideas and
thank you personal creations comm for
sponsoring Sandhya's the lovely video
today so just a few more minutes guys
and we will be meeting little Kate oh
I'm gonna cry so much I can't even
believe it oh gosh
here comes Abram we're at the hospital
where we had both of our children we're
pulling in right now and I am just so
nervous inside of your family even
everything so we have to be quiet
come on even what it comes here do we
have to be quiet a room then looking at
it
me gonna show him what you want
therefore tell him Cuffy Symphony wanted
to have you wanted you to have these
beanie babies that's you and baby Kade
first reaction everyone's crying okay so
the big kids over here are talking about
the perks of being a big sibling what
was number one Symphony oh you can stay
up late yeah we're gonna take over the
foods closed I really wanted something
to eat
oh you're gonna join the meeting we're
still here three hours later and we
still haven't seen the baby yet
rebel hasn't seen the baby the other
grandma hasn't seen the baby
we're just here waiting color all right
12 hours of spawn 70 Sandy's doing good
though she's in her room I think she's
sleeping the baby's getting all cleaned
up and after Sam just went out to go get
some breakfast and the cafeteria down
there or lunch or something's good
do you see daddy did you see daddy
coming down the hall we just found out
that we get to go see sandy and like I
don't know five or ten minutes the
grandparents I have to differentiate
which Neffe I'm talking about now you
sure we can't pick favorite she's one of
the grandparents and take forever and
then we're having to go in ships because
she's still in triage and so there's a
grandparent shift and a second shift
advance and friends yeah I'm with what
the ATVs advance symphony did asked me
this morning she said is this baby gonna
be my kind no but said we're closer to
them than a lot of Emilio we've been
here three hours now everyone just
couldn't take it he had a spell some
coffee
thanks Kerry by the way that happened
while he was logging so guess what
scares you paper logging
why do you have the squirrels meat
because uh because someone else to bring
them home nope because whoa looks so
cool looks like a brain I know this
house think friends how'd you know how
are you doing I'm super I'm waiting the
whole money are you doing wonderful yeah
I am doing wonderful
here's somebody take up how does it feel
to be a grand Paul John oh look at that
hair okay look at that hair here you
wants to hold of you carries gentleman
Joe let me get looking won't let me but
a lot of hair shaving how are you oh
great is it the morphine they give you
morphine simply did you see the new baby
what do you say you have a lot of hair
too baby
where did you watch the surgery you
watch it like on the other side of
curtain or on her side you did tie you
up say about that I just thought he was
gonna throw Chucky baby okay it looks
like a porcelain doll over your face
yeah okay we're gonna have to have tiny
most of em go back to the way oh yeah I
gotta be able to get in and out of the
room okay we dipping lucky every baby I
know it's just like what he's done
Oh baby know what here's kinda like baby
no no you don't like the other thing
they're trying to warm him up would you
be nice today
all right sandy we'll see you later
congratulations good job
sipping doesn't wanna go home okay
bye-bye bye-bye boo boo boos he get this
sucker he gets a iPhone and he gets a
little rhinoceros when he goes poopoo
doesn't he
should we let Annie in she might have to
attack you while you're pooping push huh
push push oh I was putting this battery
it popped out food it in the spring came
out what were you trying to put the
battery and show me what's hey from
watching me I don't know daddy likes
this way oh you just broke a spring out
of your little fish tank hmm dancing
today the tiger try to get ever
distracted here and he's about to go out
with sandy not with sandy I am gonna go
with my girlfriends and we're gonna take
sandy and Eric's and dinner and hold the
baby again all right well you have fun
you have to go alone one year you are
you're come with me
love you bye babies put you inside with
coffee we are having dinner Maine
Courtney and Katie's okay and we are
going to be taking dinner to the Crocker
family and crack it I was still
incredible I couldn't sleep all I could
think of
she sleeps she wake she nervous why how
does she feel and I can tell you she
doesn't sleep here
oh my gosh you guys like in this little
body oh my gosh yes I'm a name no it's
so cute
are you gonna swaddle them all up Katie
I don't know how to say I do I want to
do a casa batllo okay here tell me but
I'm not the greatest I adorable I know I
said I wasn't gonna be the first to hold
him but it gonna happen me Oh y'all look
so proud and cute those are maybe
together baby just sneeze twice OH - and
then he fell asleep it wore him just now
filled so cuff has been in the net I did
not wanna go with
I was going to offer to take him a few
you're leaving her now like four thumbs
cute face let me too
we'll see tomorrow maybe super hi I'm
helping my mom move tomorrow
I decided / not if you want to come
visit me anytime today anybody Friday is
like a non busy day
but then nest
