okay can I just say something crazy I
love crazy has been a series of doors in
my face suddenly yeah I was like the
same thing cause like I've been
searching my whole life to find my own
place and maybe it's the party talking
or the chocolate fondue all my brother
you are my sister made by the same
by the same
to live
got to give love
well
and this together morning guys
I just got back from work what a busy
night it was Wow
crazy crazy night in the ER one of those
nights where you don't really get to set
out and all my way home I went to go get
doughnuts for donut Tuesday here at the
writer house and they weren't accepting
credit cards I was a big disappointment
I was really in the mood for donuts
hopefully simply won't notice but I
brought home some of these sweet tarps
to ease ours they are so incredibly sour
I got you something Oh
so good
Jeff goodnight
find it why fight it it's not word what
is this could you do right here why'd
you make a TRO let's see if we can see
it oh cool Stephanie are you gone is it
good mm-hmm but you find it I brought it
home you found it at work and I don't
really make sour face
why not what's hip abram does go give
everyone Ronnie mr. Fisher's candy Hey
he said no no too early for that guys
this breakfast I'm not can't eat I'm
here candy
see goodies that gonna eat it you know
he isn't one to eat it right now
wait eat it
hey sour for you please keep little
morning sour face you want another one a
room that's got no that work that's why
you're not in the pantry I don't think
we should eat too many of you cuz
they're sugar yeah we shouldn't
now before breakfast well not too many
before breakfast we get a few of them
whoa we got major sour face you see that
chubby boy fish lack of exhibit II oh
he's done Oh buddy Oh Larry honey in any
ears I noticed something so cute about
Annie yesterday look at her ears they're
so cute Annie look at the screen Annie
Lucas one ear like cut flops in front
this one goes down goes to the side like
a cute how through this morning for your
bless them and protect them
I thank you so much for art is that pray
amen Oh
Skippy's gaggy
it's okay buddy you're very stinky but
it's okay okay all right good job for
daddy
this reminds me of full house he's
smiling about it okay so I've got my
lovely assistant here
symphonie pearl who and she can help me
make my coffee creamer thank you with a
sugar cane juice it's gonna do that
coconut but I can't have too many
because you're gonna make a fire for
church remember okay so we whipped it a
little too long it got pretty sick but
I'm still going to use it I think once I
put it into hot water the consistency
will like mellow I don't know hope so it
smells amazing smell it Symphony that
you have to be very careful like just a
second too long in the maunder can turn
it from creamy to what I mean
we're here at the Wellness Center the
Christian care center mesquite this is
where we did our sing-along with the
church can you guys tell who I'm here to
meet sorry about the yucky bird poop
stain who do you think it is we're
meeting with shel today I'm dropping off
some of the things that her coworkers
one from our auction and we're gonna go
have some lunch together I'm really
excited about lunch and seeing her face
it has been forever since we've actually
like hung out we've been so busy
beautiful she looks
she'll just totally pull the fan
yeah okay so pick me up at my job and I
got my wallet out of my car but I left
it inside her car and now we're here to
cool a wine about to get our meal and
I'm like oh my gosh that's my wallet in
the car
he's always in the kids are here we're
having it and you have a big night
tonight yes
what are you doing here okay I have been
invited by Tessa's oncology to represent
them I'm testing allergy t-shirts and as
the Mavericks game against it Cleveland
Cavaliers and I'm going to pierce in the
referee and I'm going to be the
Jumbotron not gonna be on TV but you're
gonna be an agenda yo you guys will
probably take a video up every week oh
absolutely little pet do you guys know
what that is this is so funny everyone
likes to take things off Sam's desk and
give it to and make sure you knock oh
I'll just whip it over thank you that
battery community oh yeah I'm glad you
did good job guys guess what today is
our one-year anniversary when we went
viral on YouTube when all this started
when you guys showed up in our lives and
made our lives so much bigger than it
was Heidi one year one year I was so
fast no we went to we'd had two music
videos all right yeah we did lip sync
battle which we just saw the pretty
before comes out on April 2nd guys go
see it we're supposed to be in the intro
looks really cool um what else we've had
a couple of meetups with you guys yeah
can't forget the meetups those are
awesome we did lip sync with the daily
bumps that was cool that was awesome
we've done like five other lip syncs
since then we established what is like
our first like real youtube friendship
with J house vlogs I feel like that's a
landmark
verse real friendship you may on
- it's been a crazy ride guys and as a
year one year has gone by so fast man
we're about two we started vlogging
about a week after we're all right we
made it official
or not is it a little less than a month
about three weeks okay so about three
weeks after we went viral we made it
official that we were going to be daily
vloggers and it's been cool it's been
crazy and awesome and you know what they
say that each time you add akin to your
life life gets busier and we added vlogs
to our life which is a huge thing to
take on and it should you guys are like
our big baby yeah you're like a big
extension and our family that we really
care about we put a big focus on in our
house and so it's I mean life is just
flying by as we started doing this even
though all the attention with Disney
faded our YouTube channel is kind of
going uphill we're getting better at
vlogging we're getting more subscribers
more views so it looks like we're
becoming more like vloggers yeah
becoming more bloggers than yeah then
they good-looking parents went viral
that's so crazy so that's cool do it
plan on making more lip syncs you ask
you do we want to make our leaves
yeah parsley we may do one more for sure
for just to celebrate our anniversary
we're running out of duets I mean it's
been hard fun good duet so we found some
not with PETA entities within a short or
they have a whole bunch of old but
that's where we've been running into any
time we try to plan a lip-sync we can't
find it good do it I think that we will
for sure those stay on top of all the
new things that Disney produces from
here on out well guess that I'm going
back in the past we'll just you know
does he comes out with new things
so anyway guys thanks for coming along
with
throughout the past year sister viral
no hardness
I was away
but with you to my place ever no look is
no fame no
