by the same
we've got to live
to give
in this together we're trying to think
of a parody for tractor supply sure hmm
what's the song you know think of any
song you like this is pretty much the
only parody we know do you wanna get
some dog food and walk around tractor
supply we could get some doggy treats
and doggy toys there's Isles and Isles
to walk by we never used to come here
before
and now we are always here do you want
to get some dog food okay bye
it's raining while we go get dog food
but it actually surprisingly feels
really really good so Sammy is not here
with me symphonies holding on to my
elbow over here by the way and the Sam
not here I'm not gonna be getting in the
big bag of dog I have enough big news to
carry you know that's not snow it's rain
rain Bobby really yeah
company and Abrams first i'ma play with
a John Deere - show me your tractor
kibbles and bits sounds cute small
braids mini beat bits I'm gonna get this
one
oh wait that's the big back I wanted to
get a little bag of food I decided to
stick with what we do I don't know maybe
she won't like it so I'm just gonna
stick with what I know she likes no it's
time to get some treats oh we get these
little jumbo ng's
ten mini bones I'm so gonna get this oh
it's for a toy or a small dog Annie's
still really so I'm getting them here's
something let's get Annie those well
what we're having a little bit of
library time it is totally nap time if
we were at home but we decided to go to
the library after tractor supply because
we haven't been here in a while and this
is what Abram does but you're doing a
read in thank you for helping Symphony
that sweet little girl came over here
and helped her turn the computer on and
she's sharing her phone turn to come sit
on my lap and read it come here Symphony
is trying to wade through all the Arthur
books she's got her no pile here she's
got her maybe pile over there so
Arthur's chicken pox no or maybe okay
next one is Arthur and the true Francine
okay we don't want them maybe pile to be
too big because you're only gonna get
one book today okay so these are the
three she has left well we have Arthur's
computer disaster Arthur goes to camp
and DW is library card do you think you
know which one you want your favorite
typical Arthur's computer disaster good
choice sweetie why'd you choose that one
because it looks funny okay well that's
the one we'll check out then oh you are
so much you changed your mind already
which one do you want DWS library card
okay let's clean these up for Abram
destroy them all
these other being a sumo wrestler or
practicing to go surfing Abram Wow buddy
I'll do it again oh here they go you're
dead okay why do you know what's minute
area how sweet
hi guys I just woke up
instead let me kiss him too much in the
same spot he's got the rest part right
with that kiss part Amy did you change
her diaper today so she's been in a
poopy diaper all day long Abraham's been
building and rebuilding and rebuilding
this three-block Lego tower for about
20-30 minutes he's so cute he keeps
taking it to Sam to show him oh that's
what he does he breaks it and then you
builds it again oh man still building
that Tower
Emily you found a better seat for it he
climbed in mommy's laundry basket hey
what are you doing
playing with blocks
yeah that's a really cool tower buddy
you're good at making that tower oh
that's a really good guess let me see
this is a seven
he said one and that's kind of like a
one it's a seven buddy good job let
Eddie call align that but it's actually
a seven so you're probably wondering of
course you are what's for dinner at the
Raider house tonight and I will tell you
caper cream sauce baked chicken films
not that great but it looks we've had
this before I think we had it in one of
the mills we did from the brand do we
give it plated and so I'm making my own
now and we really liked it so we'll see
how it turns out feedback
let my pants superhero pants
do not dislike have Superman on your
pants
well how about that why don't you put a
Superman sticker right on the Superman
logo on my pants there's one daddy I got
this one from the other page and then I
put it on there
dad let me show you where you where
we're supposed to get this sticker okay
this is where words are both to get the
sticker oh well there's Superman right
here
does one a smaller one I gave able to
take it off so I gave up that right
hey where you know I little troublemaker
close it you don't touch that buddy you
know okay get that out of your mouth get
it out man this guy's a little
troublemaker he's like dad look at me
I haven't uhm nipply what does that mean
what's a nibbly mean putting your nose
into something we got our word of the
day nibbling so dinner was a success I
forgot to show you guys but it looks
like it was very pretty when it came but
I did post a picture to Instagram so you
can follow me there at Nia Girl nine for
other recipes and fun things that I do
with the kids sometimes I post fashion
things outfits of the day and all that
but yeah dinner was great Sam even came
to the table a little late and so his
food wasn't fresh and hot like ours was
and he still left it so that's the smell
right Nate good personal to you yeah
let's hear your smells like I want to
smell your breath not your snot there
you go kiss my buddy we're gonna give
daddy a hug
much much more time
so now we have to build some boxes
because I am going to be sorting and
organizing all of the items I'm shipping
out to the auction today and I'm gonna
be making one large shipment this move
this is what happens when I make boxes
with the kids can you get in there is
that your choo-choo train
bye bye safety - and this is what
Symphony does when mommy tapes boxes are
you going are you wearing Texas Tech any
of you Texas Tech fans out there
Abram sporting the Red Raiders Wow my
best friend Emily with Texas Tech and so
she got this onesie Symphony you know
Avery was wearing it alright guys well
I'm gonna go ahead and tell you all
goodnight I feel like today was super
rushed like I'm just like what did we do
with our day anyways I guess I'll find
out tomorrow with while I'm editing this
for you guys but we will see you all on
tomorrow's vlog I hope you've had a
really awesome day today and don't
forget guys we love you and remember
some of each other
