I don't know why she's so nervous she
talks to potentially a hundred thousand
people a day about eleven thousand
viewers a day and you're not nervous
then
it's different because I can edit out
what I don't
made by the stand I love my to stay
we've got to give
so I miss that Esther because when she
got to to connect I came I didn't know
her very well
that was very ominous about I really
wasn't sure about it
well and then so we were at women's
Bible study whatever saying she said
something
so but you just spoke to me
next up
about 20 little siblings she had not met
see
amazing and I
the leader also has
to share that side of the story because
God wants us in this
yeah
her to be part of it
and so for someone who's kind of
wondering what does it generally look
like when you and Esther get together
and what about the relationship in his
ascension relationship professor would
you say personally have the greatest
name what's impacting humans probably
somebody was living a life
of course everyone's in there eating
don't cry about a buddy career charge
you guys think Mia did I thought she did
awesome
you really did you did a great job still
no furniture goodness this mess is
driving me nuts so I think that we are
gonna move it back into our bedroom
and just have a mess in there now I hate
doing that because I don't want to start
off the new bedroom with a mess but I
have got to get to my wreath supplies
and to the oxygen things that are kind
of like on this side of the wall I just
can't get to them right now and I have
to tonight you guys see my beautiful
earrings I received them as a gift today
so thank you president for doing the
auction she's so sweet they're Kendra
Scott from Holly B's oh yeah Eaton so
now Abram calls his snacks
choo choo he goes a train choo choo he
called Andrew juju and he calls juice
just jus so that syllables / word has
many meanings point and what does
pointless mean hey that
more energy more energy Oh a from just
spilled water all down his shirt okay
say oh we think you're funny that's what
happens when I give a baby a cup of
water without a lid I know I don't know
why I did that
oh my gosh why did I do that he thinks
he's so bad right now Abram
oh my goodness
Abram oh brother
Abram are you making it rain hey what
what oh man oh I'm like soaked and cold
did you change your diaper yeah it looks
like she Prabhu nope look at that face I
knew it
to the chafing table say hey don't eat
my food this is a bad idea we're already
letting any eat food at the table it's a
part of the family now what can I say
something that always seems long overdue
is the windows in this house windows
mirrors etc are just always messy when
you've got little hands playing on them
but I've got a little helper clean it
off mummy good job
go ahead Hayami ah what other way is
there to clean windows you guys I mean
seriously I feel like this is the life
right here cleaning it oh my game room
hi Annie
she's ready to come inside she just took
a potty break but I want to wait till I
finish doing these windows before I
bring her in hey girl come on in you did
a good job fun party so irresistible
here is El irresistible cutie I'm gonna
kiss you up come here Jimmy or can I
have a kiss mmm can I please have a kiss
bye mommy
what is up my dear no you can't because
you're a lady sometimes boys can walk
around with their shirts off like daddy
does daddy walk around with his shirt
off sometimes but does mommy
because I'm a lady Wow Annie hey girl
hey what she's doing to this crazy girl
so do you want to make some lemonade I'm
gonna try it out yeah me yummy yummy
mommy when I'm older I didn't make my
own limousine and I could sell herself
to make it to make new money for celery
I got all of our clothes moved in here
tonight and I have just got to say that
I love being in our new room I just feel
like giddy Sam is just so amazing that
he did all this I mean first of all he
did it himself he didn't have any help
and he did such an incredible job and he
never went to school for anything like
this no one ever taught him how to be
handy or how to use these tools I'm
talking like no one he learned this all
on his own and I just think it's amazing
what he did I also miss him tonight
we've been having like our little
Netflix marathons and snacks at night so
I miss him right now too but I do love
being in our new room and on that note
I'm gonna go to bed in our new room so I
hope you guys have all had a really
awesome day if you liked our video give
us a thumbs up and make sure to get some
comments flowing below we love talking
with you guys and we will see you all on
tomorrow's vlog don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
but their mystery
