I'm a sneak peek into our beautiful
amazing room oh my goodness just look at
this oh my brother you are my sister
made by the same guy
by the same
we've got to me
got to give
world
in this together can I help you what he
has up to over here we're kids hold on
close in front of toys
however a bruises as his own little
mountain what did she eat crayons guys
she ate your crayon symphony here's a
food ring here she dumped it over your
food eat it good morning
do you guys know what today is today is
mom sleeps then day was our very very
special days for everyone in the house
especially the children do you guys want
to see what Nia looks like while she's
sleeping you guys to here
you're something look at you trying to
sneak away for bed
whoa hey got the computer man man good
morning cutie so pinkies viewers you do
you all know what a pinky is so pinkies
are people that are really really late
so I'm a painting engineer he said good
morning throw-up years in the past month
all I have ever say good morning I'll
say your word - morning guys
oh man oh first time ever palm being on
bullshit so who's gonna help me paint
hey Andrew hey Andre oh so what I'll be
doing today is painting all the trim
touching up around the windows hitting
up all that the inside of the windows
and I think I want to replace the doors
today too if I have time we're getting
all our furniture it's headache
so I'm going to try to have most of it
done by then good morning guys
I got to sleep in this morning and it
felt amazing I woke up feeling really
refreshed and kind of lazy all at the
same time but I'm getting lunch ready
now and Sam is painting the trim in our
bedroom so I'm really excited about that
I've been trying to prepare the house
get in space ready to put the new
furniture in so that when he Sam's
finished in there we can move the new
furniture and I can get all that big
college clothes out of the floor and it
will just be awesome
I'm so excited and ready to get our
house back in order for real oh do you
know where your stickers are everyone
else is still in their jammies the kids
are cuz they hung out with daddy this
morning right did you have a lot of fun
with him mm-hmm
okay so lunch is ready let's do Sims
ready to come take a break
lunch is ready
how's it going in here yeah so we don't
touch anything baby oh it's going good
oh wow gonna be well what pain wall oh
no oh wow it is like you're really good
in here
I just realized how white they are cool
see how off-white and dirty it looks
compared to where he's been painting you
are gonna love what's for lunch
is it hamburgers again no like doesn't
every last night but I did take the
breakfast casserole leftovers and turn
them into lunch burritos
did you get stung by bees give me oh I
thought you guys talked about these well
if it wasn't for now I'd go hungry or I
would be eating cereal and sandwiches
every day we eat so good around here
thanks man you look good is amazing it
really is
this is just the left over from
breakfast yesterday mm-hmm it's perfect
usually when I work I forget to eat like
any time I'm doing something like that
requires me to focus for a long period
of time I'll forget to eat hey buddy
yeah
haha
you got a sucker yes that's a big table
wait you bye-bye ready it's okay if I
read it but it's not okay and you
couldn't I
okay I just want to say hi just wanna
make sure you okay
everything okay okay well hi bye
Symphony have fun what you just went out
to go grab some cash for the new
furniture that's coming
her room is a huge mess like that partly
because we have a lot of stuff moved
around right now and we have a lot of
few things stored in room speaking of
the angel she's here now to come nah she
cleaned up all my mess up here you home
were you just not leaving okay what you
doing me nosy Facebook creeping are you
creeping on Oh no names but one of my
friends was engaged and I just realized
that she's not so I'm just trying to
figure because we're not like friends
obviously I would know but it's just
someone that used to shop with me at
maurices try to figure out why yeah just
trying to see like when and stuff it's
just kind of shocking because I knew her
pretty well at maurices the kids are
using this as their own little for girls
hopping around back there I think you're
being so bad you better sit down
hello still waiting for the furniture
they were supposed to be here like long
ago and she's having issues with her um
truck hit here outside playtime I cannot
remember the last time we just played
outside all it felt good
hey bro hey what are you doing right
there yeah let's do not get near the wah
wah okay we don't want another disaster
like last time
so Symphony is gathering sawdust in here
but I think it's actually fairy dust is
that right Abram stayed in his pj's
today since we're doing the potty
training thing he hasn't been wearing
pants that often anyways here comes the
man of the hour
symphonies gathering fairy dust Wow yep
careful sniffing that furry dose is
toxic to your eyes okay there it is ah
does this bring back bad memories buddy
oh yeah we don't want to touch it do we
I just love to watch them play together
so cute
such sweet teamwork sometimes hahaha
live as if right on cue they start
arguing does it a nosy Annie I'm gonna
take these kids for a walk probably
gonna regret it because they are super
heavy I don't know if you can see how
I'm straining here but not an easy job
that's fine Anna can follow we literally
didn't even make it out of the backyard
and even got down oh he saw the old door
over here I see there's no gecko yeah
buddy oh yeah serpent on the door bud we
are making homemade pizza it's from Chef
Boyardee
I think she's pretending to hang what
are you painting artists I think oh my
gosh look at off you guys
never roasted a muppet in subway sweep
doing a good job buddy thank you
see this guy see some pretty much down
the room all I have left is to build
this area right here the doors is a
laundry area and shelving whatever this
doors are here and trim I got to put up
I'm going to be redoing all that so it's
gonna take me some time doing a great
job bud
and it looks like we're probably
knocking our furniture today I'm not
sure what the holdup is something about
a moving truck series of unfortunate
events have unfolded here I mean a
tsunami that's right oh good I hope
uh-huh okay Andrew came along with us
welcome Andrew thanks buddy hey pretty
girl oh yeah Lucas if he does Welsh wish
for her meal she's sewing like a little
lady so precious
you have ticks yeah but something is
stuck it's not going your way you force
it why comes here look at guys I'm nuts
hell up freaky big anatella creepy
that's hella creepy we have Eric they
were all of this thank you so much sorry
because someone to get our Christmas
gift some issues happen but thank you
very much we just came over the first
thing everyone has to say is would you
snack and you so we didn't get furniture
today knees really bummed about it now
we got to go hunting for furniture but
I'm guys tomorrow and he gets to speak
in front of the church nervous nervous
she's never she's been talking about it
for the past couple days you gonna do
great but guys we're say goodbye now
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
bye bye can I can move yourself be funny
yo it don't forget guys we love you and
remember to buy a pillow
for MST
