Easter breakfast casserole yummy
this together morning everyone how's it
going so funny sorry about my breakfast
this morning I had looked up some
breakfast casserole recipes and just
wrote down the ingredients so that when
I went shopping I had it well I decided
to make one this morning without reading
the full recipe and it takes like two
hours to make
good morning Elsa how are you today
gay did you sleep good yeah you feeling
shy about your hat yeah don't feel shy
yeah I already logged about my hair
looks pretty good I think it turns out
kind of pretty say please
well your juicer do you want more eggs
do more what do you think in little
lounger juice okay family just hanging
out around the house salmon here in our
board work more often though mmm me give
you a big hug what are you making
sweetie I'm making my first Easter
wreath of the season how does it look
please hop on in hope the sketti
dictionary what does it mean what does
the opus ketamine and then I get the pop
balloon opus get ei1
I'm avoiding finishing this room as much
as possible it's pretty bad have been so
sleepy since I started working I'm so
sleepy so here's a room I have some
crown molding up as you can see I do use
two pieces for this wall because I run
out of crown molding and I cut this
piece three times okay and after that I
gave up last night I go back to home
depot buy another piece girl took this
piece down because the angle of this
wall is not 90 degrees it is 87 and when
you're
off by just a few degrees like that it
makes a huge difference
see 87 degrees should be 90 every time
whenever you do a room I always forget
how hard it was last time I redid one
expressed the crown molding part hey
buddy
yo help me you learn something new every
day guys did you know that you could
cook hamburger patties in the oven who
knew you just line a pan with some oil
spray pop it in the oven for like 14 15
minutes and they're done isn't that cool
I know you can grill them too but I
don't know how to use a grill so I'm
gonna do it in the oven okay now here
comes the number one reason why I never
make homemade hamburgers this is the
second time I've done it like ever and
it is the forming of the patties part
I'm not a big fan at all I'm going to
attempt it though it's like look at that
do you guys want to put your hands in
there I don't look I mean do it anyways
oh goodness gracious it's not my cup of
tea it's not my patty of meat I was just
telling symphony I need some cooking
gloves for stuff like this I really do
if someone didn't leave already
something can you believe I'm touching
this stuff no I don't think you should
touch it maybe I don't think you get any
under your nails you don't wash them
frequently it can give you like
salmonella E coli turkey needs a little
more water e'er than regular meat all
clean bye guys I think it's safe to say
the turkey burgers were a success
that looks amazing and I'm not even an
avocado fan there's avocados tomatoes
pickles lettuce turkey burger and meat I
mean and bread see your goggles whoa
buddy you're gonna work with Daddy Oh Oh
baby I'm sorry
oh you're gonna go work with Daddy guy
how can we help you
we don't do ghosts our cookies we don't
through handouts and we don't do
donations what can I help you with just
kidding what do you got hey pop can we
get off the porch got a lot of sharp
tool up here okay I got mortal coping
saw here my foot on the door this year
I'm doing my cutting guys all right four
in the door this guy down looks cool
standing there hey cool dude hey cool
dude are you frozen what no no no more
snow the snow is all gone what I see a
little bit over here the weather is
great today finally so I've been doing a
lot of cutting as you can see all these
little scrap pieces right here is a sign
of a lot of frustration see all those
little pieces that right there there's a
lot of frustration nanny
yeah that's Annie Annie fanny anything
own Annie
what's a need ornate and grass Annie
what are you doing yeah
you hungry I put her so much today she's
not hungry guys I promise
she's a well-fed dog I promise you but
she likes this grass right here please
everyone where you going bud hey get
over here man
bye bye we have popcorn microwavable
popcorn it's a lot easier and faster
than that one no you take cash
yeah you take credit yes honey what you
doing in there sweeping he works too
hard I don't as you can see I don't work
at all why are you wearing this short
shirt that a couple years ago who was
the friend that went to Jamaica that guy
before the ship named Rachel's
ex-boyfriend Abram hey Abram what are
you doing by this water dripping out
there come here come here
bye bye I really hope this is the last
trip we have to take for this room come
on buddy let's go okay barber work at
Home Depot again hopefully last time on
this project you know we're getting new
wood and when you go you know oh yeah
honey I know exactly what you're talking
about
tell us what you're doing Abram me yeah
she's really into putting these buckles
together what a big help our Symphony
Abram likes No
yeah what is that a bro guys look how
disgusting this is there's like
cigarette butts all over the place yeah
right here is a trash can right there
all the cigarettes
favorite mustache you a question there's
the outside corner that very problem I
don't think I've ever got outside corner
that perfect before next is to get this
piece here all right Bobby it's time to
go night-night Abraham's mad good night
he's really upset me he's still turning
out the light Haber has totally been
throwing fits lately Abram has been in
this you know mood where he just wants
to throw fits and stuff so I've been
doing some research and reading on just
kind of what to do with boys when they
start to get to this point so like
tonight when he was fussing as you guys
saw we walked around the house for a
little bit longer and I just talked to
him real sweetly and calmly and said
it's okay I understand you didn't get
what you wanted you didn't get your game
we'll see it tomorrow and he calmed down
he eventually you know kind of wind a
little bit more was saying ya know which
is how he asks to nurse and so we did
that and they're saying to him and then
he went to bed that's working so far
just kind of talking to him in a calm
tone and setting an example for how he
should be reacting instead of how he is
reacting so I really gotta watch myself
to when I get frustrated or overwhelmed
with something to just like stay calm
all right guys I'm finally working on my
last piece of crown molding I'm really
excited about it
it's gonna go right above the bedroom
door this piece but I got a Coke both
ends so here's what you need a files a
coping saw and a clamp if you have one
you cut off the very end of the molding
here
a very steep angle there pretty much
you're pretty much cutting out the back
last piece see if it fits
yeah see how I had to do those edges
you've got horrible that looks on the
back
that's called coping so you don't have
to do two 45s instead you do one 45 and
I'm done putting it up at least now I've
got to go around tape it fill in all the
nail holes the edges with some putty and
then paint it and then humbly done with
the crown molding for the rest of my
life
I'm never done this again Teddy Patrol
coming through something you found all
your favorite animals all right guys
it's time to say goodnight I finally
feel like I'm getting somewhere
maybe the trim it's not painted yet but
done they look nice I have it all copped
and all the holes patched up but that's
the night I may start painting it I'm
not sure yet we get our furniture
tomorrow you guys can't wait what time
um anywhere between 1:00 and 5:00 there
she was just kind of like I don't know
when my brother's can help me I got to
get done by 1:00
I asked her to come in between 3:30 and
4:00 because the kids nap so perfect yes
not down by five all right guys we'll
see you tomorrow for another crazy day
here at the red house
what they're missing
you guys got a CEO sips needed with all
the animals knew you gave her last night
she put them all to bed Michelle me is
so excited about it she put them all to
bed like he'll sweet talk you might even
enjoy a deposit a little bit down there
you guys remember me throwing them at
her in bed that's where they stayed when
I told her so she got up and talked a
minute I don't know what she bitch
there's also little books around her but
I moved him to the side mom was taking a
picture
