are you getting emotional I don't listen
to those you know symphonies verse to
the Y look at your school you are my
sister made by the same guy love but a
failure we've got to live
we've got to give
Murrell
and it's together good
good morning by empathic how's it going
everybody today's a very important day
for a very important special someone
this one right here why is today
important for a very important someone
because I'm gonna go like a true she's
gonna go look at her potential new
school your potential new school it does
good job smarty pants so we're gonna go
check out a Christian school down the
road and decide if she's going to go to
or not and I'm sure she will she's gonna
go no matter what with Nia already has
her mind set
everyone talks so highly of this whole
extremely highly like the teachers are
hands-on everyone like loves your kids
literally they teach it straight from
the Bible and all the parents have to
serve at the school right yeah that's
true so like I think once or twice a
week you have to go up there and serve
for like an hour to five hours on lines
are you sure we'll find out today and I
think it's like really back I can take a
broom with me it's not anything where I
have to like find a sitter or something
I'm excited come on we're down wow
that's a lot of Wawa not necessarily a
great day to go with them new school
this is the only day to giving tours I'm
so worried about my trip out here I'm
gonna bring it in when we get home I'm
so good sir that's gonna work for me
outfit a ring it's totally a Christmas
outfit but it was too big
for him at Christmas and now at fix
himself I'm going to get on it's already
green with like that Christmas mousse
divine mommy there's new kids that go to
this school
oh yeah you see I'm walking the bear
with our umbrellas are you nervous yeah
don't be never be I don't know why I
asked you that
I think cuz I'm a little slower it's
weird you almost feel like the first day
of school for real / - I feel nervous to
like daddy Park okay man
poetry pioneers that's what they are
yeah if I call Symphony my Pioneer don't
I yeah she's my pioneer princess walkers
yeah well of teachers and happens yeah
except Neath real students don't need a
visitor just walk it in there cooking
overstretch Tiffany what are they doing
tell them what your name is
do they know your name did you introduce
yourself
oh you're so precious baby they're
having snack time and movie time this is
the clubhouse yes for the primers she
wanted to Milano see you take pictures
are you getting emotional
how do Melissa say rose you know
symphonies were still alive look at your
preschoolers as well in fact wouldn't
party over here at all this is another
student seventh grader that's entering
his school also taking the tour here's
another one of the classes we're running
to the gym now to do sipping this is the
gym this is where they play the games
and stuff they're working on a play back
here Charlotte's Web they're going to do
a Charlotte's Web play this is the set
the gym and now we're gonna head to the
library what do you think so far
Symphony Hey
oh well this is about it's free snacks
thou shalt not steal God is watching you
Julie this is more over here come get
these ones look
I could just look him yeah somebody's
gonna put you in the locker buddy you
were in the library that's a fish pillow
the nice little library so this guy's
definitely not ready but look at her
she's very attentive according to the
director here I'm part of the culture of
the school but here we're looking for
more from the parents we're looking for
that engagement I like this place
already this is what they have on their
main bookshelf here I got toilet how it
works
look at that Symphony that's a book for
us to read together it's how a toilet
works pretty complicated machines
beautiful too Oh anyway
ready what was that well this is where
the school started this is Lady started
the school from old building the whole
building would it look like before the
school started and now it's poetry
community Christian school 2002 she
stopped at it I love seeing the cross my
kids potential school it's awesome and
then stuff like this on the wall this is
just great cool just open to God
sunshine and friends Abram snuck into
this classroom you better get away from
the computer I don't think so section e
once you sit in a desk oh look it's your
big girl look do you want to go to
school here yeah why why do you like it
you can it's fun and I wanna look at all
the book Oh sitting in this desk feels
way too nostalgic and look there's like
little hungry beings on the desk I used
to always my desks were always written
up with like I love Sam Nia love Sam Sam
in here forever
I'm pretty good even though I'm have
asleep I just got work near super
excited we're excited it seems like I'm
not doing like a perfect place to put
you start your child in school no goals
that went really good I felt like I was
like giddy and on the verge of tears the
entire time there's just like no other
time than the first time you look at a
school with your first child like we
might look at a school again with
Abraham's school age but it won't be the
first time we'll already know that we're
going to classrooms well already know
like we're gonna see I'm gonna cry just
talking about it like this is like a
milestone in our relationship we just
checked out a school for the first time
when our first kid like I just can't
even believe it it's just like it was
real that we realize thinking this
together I was thinking only up here
just that happened so fast I know and
like it's gonna happen so quickly that
were like Greenert your wedding day no
such a big baby and she was just like I
love it I'm gonna go here this is so
cool I want to go to class I'm gonna sit
in desks like this mommy then oh my gosh
just it's just unreal to think that like
I don't know think I decided we're just
gonna go with the poker room daddy but
Miss goiters look at is going to be my
spot Hyrum keeps walking on Sam's little
boards down here saying show - to - oh
go find out out where did he go
where is dad oh where is daddy Oh go
he's saying that we're good - yeah yeah
it's is your daddy silly that's just
silly man and silly boy come on
all right yeah
I missed you
choo-choo train tracks he's so cute yeah
true it's like a madhouse mommy for some
reason decided that we needed to go to
the grocery store right before the ice
storm started so now I've got to go out
in this freezing ice rain to bring the
groceries in it was crazy coming out of
Walmart you guys so we walk out and the
kids pretty much instantly just started
crying because there's like pretty much
like ice raining on our faces so I get
them in the car like rush them in the
car
I'm putting the groceries away there's
ice beating on my face my hair is so wet
that it's dripping water literally
dripping down into my eyes and my
clothes are soaking wet so needless to
say now I'm home and I have an umbrella
and I've had to go out there and unload
it all all warm in his pj's now he's
gonna help me put away all these
groceries golly I'm all warm in my PJs
to you guys it was so crazy I just took
the groceries and like threw him in the
cars I don't know my eggs are cracked or
not and then when I went back out to get
them I just was like grabbing them and
like Roman kitchen running out the mom
in the kitchen you're probably asking
yourself why in the world would need to
be outside when it's freezing and it's
like midnight well I was laying a bed
i'll cozy in one and I kept getting
texts from our family saying it's
snowing outside it's so beautiful you
could see it's like magical my
sister-in-law was like I seriously want
to cry it so beautiful and this is what
I see just saying regular night for us
here nothing new here I'm going back to
bed but don't forget guys we love you
and remember it's lunch
see you tomorrow maybe there'll be snow
hello
