wonderful chain
we've got to give
and this together tiny breakfasts are
served we have sausage eggs in bagel
good morning everyone how are y'all
doing today yeah I totally took daddy
breakfast in bed and he had fallen
asleep by the time I got it to him so
moreover the kiddos right with the cream
cheese on it it's practically like
eating a breakfast cupcake yeah honey
and swords are like little ball
mountains so you put a handful in this
dance I put it on the wrong side and
then you just put it right inside your
food chain I'm just getting escape till
there's a dad down the table now we're
at the lovely Hobby Lobby getting
resupplies once more my list is pretty
minimal today and I haven't been here in
like a week Haven has this newfound love
for Mickey Mouse you like Mickey Mouse
can you say Mickey Mouse mmm
so I'm initially here for some flowers
that look like this but in purple and
they don't have them so I'm basically
made a trip to Hobby Lobby for nothing
tell me zoomy who's my favorite Sam and
I are getting some new furniture for our
bedroom this weekend and I am wanting to
replace the hardware on it
it's like blackish-brown and so I was
thinking about getting something like
bright but also we have been wanting
something to hang or our keys and our
coats
so when I came out I saw this and I
thought how perfect that same house is
wood shop it totally cut me like a piece
of wood like that and I could get my own
Hardware over here like these cute
little things so many choices I'm having
a really hard time picking I think I'm
gonna wait for Sam to actually make the
board before I come pick stuff like this
but then again I really like the more
like vintage style too like these what
do you see you saying chocolate you guys
believe it or not
Thank You uncle Andrew this little guy
knows what chocolate is and he begs for
it
today he does your Akari about it baby I
got my little play too
looks like we're going though like
walking around the kitchen we are out of
like everything just cooking here look
at this guy he's still eating rolls over
everybody's done you're a hungry little
man aren't you hungry it has been
raining here in Texas for the past week
and I'm really concerned for my trim out
here there's 16 footers there's no I
could get in the house I guess I
actually could have fit him in a living
room
I'm just concerned that they're gonna
warp out here a little update on Abram
since he's turned 17 months old some new
things that he's doing is he's suddenly
a little bit less independent he's
eating a lot like he is a baby
bottomless pit he's showing lots of love
and affection he's also showing an
interest in learning and repeating a lot
of the things I'm teaching him hitting
you guys have seen that he's been
hitting a lot he's a very much into
climbing on everything and trying to
fall off and jump from everything he's a
dangerous little adventures boy also in
like the last week or two we did being
able to make his words plural so we're
out two used to say shoo now he'll say
shoes
symphonie helped mommy do two big things
so she's getting her stickers right now
this is basically my life now I spend a
lot of time in this bathroom well this
little guy is trying to go potty hey bro
what are you doing beeping birdy
oh one thing that I have found help
Symphony and it also helps Abram stay on
the potty is to find a game on your
phone or iPad that they really enjoy and
allow them to play that game on the
potty
now this particular game sometimes I let
Abram play also when he's wanting to but
it's also the one I resort to when he's
on the potty I try to only use it during
those times you know music what are you
doing under there you guys know what
time it is time for the fun game this is
Symphony's reaction when Andy gets ahold
of one of her toys what's the matter
sweetie Annie do you know my favorite
baby baby
there was no damage though McMillon okay
yeah I tried to warn her before we got a
doggy I said she's gonna chew on your
stuffed animals are you sure you want a
puppy and what did you say Symphony hey
Jane one-eyed puppy and she did
everybody here wanted a puppy so we got
a puppy guys today I just felt like one
of those days where you really just want
to stop and smell the roses I just feel
like I've been thinking a lot about
symphony being my firstborn and Abram is
almost a year and a half and just so
much is changing with their little
bodies and their little minds so I don't
know I just feel like I want to say to
you guys to make sure and stop and smell
the roses make sure that even on those
days where you just want to stay in your
PJs and sit on the couch or where you
feel like you just need a break and you
can't get a break
just remember to try and find a rose
somewhere in there to smell I sound so
cheesy right now I know I do but I just
thought I'd pass that along because
tonight I was reminded that we just need
to stop and smell the roses
like symphony cuddled up to me denied
and was was telling me something really
sweet and I just thought a few years ago
I didn't even know that I would ever
know her I didn't know there was gonna
be a symphony and now I just can't even
imagine my life without her so I don't
know tomorrow we're gonna be visiting
symphonies maybe school for kindergarten
so hopefully you guys can come along
with that and I cannot wait to see what
it looks like in there how the teachers
are hopefully we'll be I think it's
gonna be like a big tour of the school
and hopefully we'll get to meet a few
people so I'm really really really
looking forward to that but anyways guys
we'll see you all on tomorrow's vlog
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
do you guys remember when Sam used to
always do it like this don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
that guides me up
Sam you need to do that again soon okay
