Wow I don't know you know what we could
go buy a new toothbrush
we've got to there's
we've got to give
in this together there's any taking you
bear hey that's a bear
Annie here you go buddy
hey Annie stop it Annie got a bath this
morning I think she's all that now she
still doesn't smell that great but I
wash it twice this may look great at all
so what am I gonna do about sleep today
guys I'll have to pick up this mattress
pull it all the way to our bedroom cut
the ball back there before I go to sleep
because it has to be done before we go
to sleep and then sleep in an empty room
just me a mattress air compressor she
has never sat in my chair before Annie
who do you think you are she's good she
got all that special attention in the
bathtub she gets to do whatever she
wants this morning yeah I'm talking
about you
eel Paris is getting better guys as you
can see
what's up buddy just kind of lay my
mattress where I want to sleep my bed I
think today I'll move it to the bedroom
he isn't like that I disagree that was a
sweet pod though
night guys I love you good night good
night bro good night
I'm gonna be the first one to sleep in
the new room I gotta finish the blow-up
first looks great so you know how I was
talking about my tape measure being off
yesterday this is what it did right here
this little corner is a good example why
that one eighth of an inch matters see
how this base trim right here goes past
the wall about an eighth of an inch
right there so it sticks out just a
little bit I'm gonna fill those in so
it's not gonna be a big deal once it's
filled in you won't even be able to tell
but that is the reason why
we do this almost on a daily basis we're
listening to Disney Princess
actually it's Tinkerbell right now the
lost treasure and I'm trying to make
some sense of this room while we're
playing things Sam's desk is atrocious
you guys have seen and have stepped up
the boxes a little better
we sold the dresser we told them Jess
sitters dance with me bad dance with me
I love Facebook trades Abram is so sweet
he's helping Symphony cleanup her
Barbies symphonies learning all about
wind today do you remember the
definition of wind Wow it's moving areas
like what when I blow away so Symphony
had to circle some things in her picture
can you tell the viewers some things
that window but how when mean oh that's
pretty interesting to join her about
this because you know we all know that
we feel when and it gets windy sometimes
but she was asking questions like what
about the tractor in this picture mommy
does the wind make the tractor move and
so I explained to her that no there's an
engine and a motor that makes the
tracker move three is what he's got
going on let's watch
what are you doing Oh want to get to
Daddy yours and then the furniture
person is here he's so curious bye bye
dresser yay so the guy taking the
furniture just told me that he has three
sons and his wife is pregnant with
triplets what six kids in four
pregnancies that's crazy
there's my floor again kind of now I
need to clean it ah car new fun
lightning is he still loading it up I
wonder if he's got enough room oh man I
feel so bad Sam and Andrea are not here
to help him I told the lady when she
called I was like I don't have anyone
here to help though she's a doll
nobody's getting it I know these people
have like a business where they like
restore it and sell it I got rid of that
today you're hoping that I would also
get new furniture delivered today but
when I messaged the lady about it she
told me that it didn't come with what
the Craigslist listing said it came with
or something was really annoying but
Annie has been chewing on his yogurt
container for quite a while
they're good Annie girl I have been
researching bedroom furniture in all of
my free time today like when the kids
napped
all I did was like browse for bedroom
furniture on Craigslist and on the
Internet I'm having the hardest time
finding the look we want for the price
we want for when we wanted like I found
some that I really like at IKEA and so
for them to ship it though it wouldn't
be here for another like two and a half
weeks that's not gonna work oh please
not me not hurt thanks is coming to
Vinny oh yeah she's a shoe
hey any name for the baby yet no
announcement really his name is Abram
Samuel oh gosh okay I gave in yesterday
nine days nine days there will be a new
little baby don't sandy the update I
mean it's really not update yeah but see
the paint Hey doesn't it look better
wait Wow okay is this white or just
starting already it's like so our
celebrity different one yes cute maybe
that guns gonna stay in our room I feel
like I've never seen this window you're
getting hotter you're getting very hot
no you're cold you're cold you're cold
hot hot hot you're burning up you're
burning up well you're getting way hot
hot hot
if you haven't guessed it already Abram
threw my phone in the bathtub tonight
that's right my phone submerged into the
bath water bubbles toys and all when
Abram goes potty sometimes I let him
play an app on my phone because it helps
him to like concentrate on going poop
that works with Symphony also so I feel
like it is a good tactic when you're
trying to get a child to actually stay
on the potty however I did not foresee
him taking my phone and chunking it into
the water definitely should have been
more like on the ball with that but I
was mopping at time in the bathroom so I
was right there but my hands were like
kind of like tied up you know yeah man
yeah I did that Mommy and Daddy Abram
found some boxes of mine and Sam's old
notes and pictures and stuff like that
from high school he's don't you two got
right down on our level yes it is dad
this is actually at Sam's first show
when he was in his high school band free
the flip there we are it's attached it
was all taped up on the wall so it's
like all stuck to paper and life
Oh Abraham's a mommy oh don't rip it
we've been talking about the things
we're gonna do
some of the things on the list have been
go to the movies together stay home and
watch grown-up movies together symphony
will come have sleepovers in my bed when
when my husband goes to work she called
him my husband go get our hair done
go get our nails done go drop off my
kids to ballet and we could go Jews just
that my kids don't like to go down yeah
that's a good one well I don't know you
don't know what I could go buy a new
toothbrush go buy each other
I'm your shirt Symphony and I are gonna
do a little shaping of the moon sand
before she goes to bed can you tell me
why and what this represents God shapes
up with her own with his own hands and
in at the last to mate ah that's right
every situation we endure in life Jesus
is using that to shape us and mold our
hearts into something beautiful but one
thing that happened was that symphony
made a seahorse in his head fella and I
was trying to explain to her that even
though something is broken God can use
his hands and his power to put something
broken back together and make it unique
and beautiful she don't forget guy we
remember to love each other
