Tiffany do we get something in the mail
yes what did we get it is a cry go get
it let's see what it is beautiful dress
by the way empo a nature buff yay you
are my brother you are my sister
by the same
we've got two days mum
to give up
in this together do you remember we
learned about today Simon Simon had a
question for Jesus what was his question
how can I get it that's right and what
did Jesus say Jesus told him two
different things what were the two
things Monica made me what was the
second thing Jesus told him he had to do
with all of his treasures
get it away key to poor that's right but
did he obey God did it it's crazy I
really want to go home and read the rest
of that story thank god this little guy
he just wants to play outside whenever
we come home but I'm hungry for some
lunch
thank you do you know guys it's so sad
Sam is really not feeling good instead a
really bad headache and I did not stop
and get headache pills on them hey Dad
he's trying to make Sam feel better
so I get the bed up so Annie doesn't
jump up on and there's a note on the
bottom of our mattress says Samuel this
is not a mirage as your cubby is
actually organized keep it that way
he made that for me for a long time ago
she put it in my little clothes cubby
there's all in organized thought that
stuck on the bottom of the mattress it's
funny
hi guys good morning finally woke up
clear of a headache it was bad last
night in the middle of night I got up
and I could barely walk to let Andi out
my head was just pounding so hard
I take two Tylenol did absolutely
nothing for me hey I saw them up now no
baby have it up coz I don't like Amy
crawling all over she stinks after we
give her bath oh definitely get
something in the mail yes
what did we get it is a fried go get it
let's see what it is beautiful dress by
the way I'm Bo I naturebox
yay so this month
Tiffany and I picked out the snacks she
helped me pick him out this time so
she's really excited about the travel
she picked out would you pick honey I
didn't get to pick anything else as you
guys know naturebox sponsors as clear as
day mania and we get to go through and
pick out the snacks
I just delivered right to our doorstep
and I cannot tell you how excited we all
are you can even hear me yummy pineapple
now that things have calmed down a
little bit the excitement level has gone
down and you can do the same thing check
out the link below in the description to
go get trial sized version of all of
their best snacks that nature bothers
yeah what are you eating Sam
these everyone's eating the pineapple
bites but me I'm eating a peanut butter
nom nom it's all free to you the trial
size make sure you go check it out
so no no no mm-hmm
Nina oh yeah mm-hmm you got two of them
right there you know you're eating a
pineapple sandwich yeah so these are the
snacks Tiffany and I chose this time we
have the Big Island pineapples we always
get those we love those and they're
already gone dirty huh the peanut butter
nom noms the country rare sunflower
kernels and further on my faves harvest
nut mix we haven't tried that yet and
then this is a new snack of theirs that
we had a try orange apple Fruit Chews
don't try these something I think you
picked these ones up so how many of you
guys have actually tried naturebox
under our recommendation I'm curious to
know what are your favorite snacks I was
just looking through the layer and I was
like oh my gosh I want like all of these
snacks so anyways I just thought I would
ask and get some conversations flowing
with you guys you know what ladies would
like to talk about our snacks one of the
most fun things about redoing a room in
our house is finding old treasures as
you move stuff out here's a little
treasure I found that I had given to Sam
when we were just dating it's a magazine
clipping of spaghetti I don't know if
you guys can tell and it says someday
I'll be your wife and cook for you daily
which is pretty much the truth but it's
just so funny to find these little
things I wonder when I made it you get a
little snug yeah I want to go on your
snug what's Andy doing here son hey get
out of there Andy's just trying to get
her snacks you guys got a little tunnel
hi buddy yeah you your little snug
because I snuck sippy you look cozy back
there guys I got to run something by you
so last night I made quite an important
realization I think are all tape
measures like this at the end are they
bent like this see that little bend in
it I realized when you're measuring
something from the inside of a wall as
opposed to like hooking it on to like
the outside wall measuring to the other
end you lose about 1/8 of an inch with
that little hook on the in there and all
my measurement so far have been off just
slightly I'm having to take my wood back
and just trimming an eighth of an inch
off
well you read a tunnel
cool so I was looking at my tape measure
last I was like wait what's her bend in
there I was measuring a piece of paper
because I know it's exactly 11 inches
and I measured 11 inches and I put the
hook on the end and it was 1/8 inch off
and I was like I didn't new tape measure
about this a long time ago I've been
doing all my measurements with this for
all the rooms I've been doing in here I
bought it used and I never noticed that
was a bend on there so I was like it's
not me after all cutting my wood wrong
it's stupid tape measure 1/8 of an inch
guys funny there buddy uh he isn't there
now he's like right on my feet oh my
gosh I got static in my work ever good
hello yes sweet this guy'll explain
what's in the doors you guys remember
when we got that who can remember when
we got that when and where were we and
who got it for us all right here he goes
last week was Abraham's nose and this
week is Symphony's knows what happened
to your little nose princess thanks boy
game
she was sliding down the mattress in
there on her tummy and she scraped her
nose and her chin and so now she's got a
big red mark on her nose I tell you guys
our kids can't make it through a week
without hurting their noses oh man I
wonder if it'll be me and Sam next week
but we are gonna have some leftover
chili and then talk about our high-low
points of the day
all right Symphony what was your high
point of the day my my high pool my
favorite toys
was let me think about this baby took
now my favorite part was getting my
being Big O my worst part was when Amy
bit me
mmm good because that's how I got my
beanie baby what was your favorite part
of the day hmm are you one what was your
worst part of the day yeah yeah me too
the worst part of my day was when dad I
left to the little bubbies doing boo boo
yea sup her how come no one left I
decided to try again after bath time I
was getting ready to put his diaper on
and he started like grunting like had to
go poop
and so I put him on the potty I think he
went peepee and now he's saying he has
still potty
I mean poo police ain't pooping so we'll
see what you gonna do then oh man what
you gonna do Oh
somebody went potty
yeah hey party you wanna get down
hosteen
it's time for the princess to go to bed
he's my little caddy and we're gonna
read do you wanna build a snowman
it's called big snowman little snowman
ready to read learning about opposite
we're gonna say good night now and I'm
gonna finish practicing with Symphony
thank you so much for coming along with
us today guys we've had a really fun
Sunday with you guys hashtag Sunday
Funday
Sunday Funday hey Ryan I know and don't
forget guys we love you and remember to
love each other bye see you tomorrow
shout
of your hand don't be
