good morning guys I was already doing I
hope you guys this morning is going a
lot better than mine symphonies down
your planet there Barbies that has
nothing to do with my bad morning so far
yeah fun this week she made her bed her
little castle me you are my sister made
by the same
now by the same
mom
in this together so this morning I was
expecting a man to come over and texture
the walls in our bedroom because we're
so flawed I wanted to give them texture
just to hide some of those and it showed
up around 8:30 he left a card on her
door letting us know that he stopped at
that time and he never called me never
got contact with me said he's coming
back later said hey you'd answer the
door I'm going back home I won't be able
to do today nothing just I stopped by at
8:30 no answer no communication so I
guess we're not getting that done come
on guys yuck so cute Wow that makes my
morning better I put this shirt on
because Sam was having a bad morning I'm
good you said that yes I did I mean yeah
yeah my gloves the wool flappers on them
oh cool yeah do any of you guys put your
makeup on and realize you forgot to
brush your teeth that's me today never
me want to brush your teeth with me and
then you realize you brush your teeth
before you drink your coffee
what are your paint I got your own
little roll right here so cute
Wow
oh my gosh you guys this color is
amazing I love it it looks so good to me
oh so you're so silly with it
as you can see there's no rhyme or
reason to our painting here we haven't
done this boy yet we're already over
here how'd it finish this wall and
they're over there this one's over now
that's what it smells like
okay singing as he works
it's pretty light woman's driving
there's a dry spot can you guys tell the
difference
natural hard queue pizza break this is
have to be like the biggest change in
the room ready guys yes it's gonna make
the all the difference ha whoa doesn't
know very well for words better you guys
I'm good here though so you got faded
violet on this fall and we're doing
Barcelona rain on this wall right and
possibly that wall possibly that we're
not sure you we're not sure about this
wall you're not sure we just want to
leave one accent wall or two exit holes
who me hello mama I think you want to
see me see that face gonna go find mommy
no never no sometimes he says uh and
then other times he says no your
pronounces no better than any other word
you can say no when it snows in Texas
you eat chili so I'm making chili and it
smells amazing I also have a little gift
for say she's been really like licking
around her lips again I guess is the
cold weather but I have a little gift
for her
symphonie mirror chap yeah yeah and look
what flavor it is cat okay yes just for
you so this is what we finally decided
to do all day long just took those guys
we're doing one accent wall that one
right there painted violet against the
Caribbean rain Caribbean is that what I
said is that how biscuits right
Barcelona rain so yeah Barcelona rain
against the faded violet that's what we
do DUP doing and it took me forever to
pay back over the fate of violet here
because it's a lot darker color than
this one second coat I could do a third
one of those lunch spot she's coming out
of it think these ones are all done so
that's it alright great time for contest
guys sweet that that's pretty good
Symphony has the mouse she's gonna go
help daddy hang out trim go for it babe
that pretty hair - good place yeah yeah
use your come help me fasten stood what
I understood do it daddy's a stud now
we're really in a sec daddy
stars isn't would the beans inside the
wall that helps hold the walls up keep
the wall from falling down Sam's having
issues with his nail gun over here I
don't know what the problem is but it is
not cool no
today how awesome does this trim look
though
you guys saw that window before we did
anything to it remembered it little gash
but I'm back I just love it
looks good besides that yeah don't you
feel proud I mean like you transcend
this room what's a room doing hey hey
hey oh oh just as long as used to stand
behind me what are you doing into that
table
nothing what were you doing though
getting your horsey rose Oh your
chopstick were you eating it
mmm Oh give it to me you can't eat it
look at that you guys
Oh Sammy dinner is ready
wow you're really lying that oh I'm
trying to bed
yep yeah this embarrassing no you're
gonna get the good angles
this is how Abram eats is chilli lick on
the poor people now and that is why
sweet five times a day this is how me
and Abram share a popsicle can I have a
bite Nick
give me my hey give me right we're boys
I have all off a guy's sausage something
oh my god so no shoes viewers sure hey
viewers I got Elsa so I was just sitting
here after dinner while abram eats his
popsicle over here it's taken him like
15 minutes and I was scrolling through
Facebook and saw an update from shell I
know a lot of you have been following
her and stuff you know sometimes I
forget that she's even sick she has such
a good attitude she's so upbeat about
everything always so beautiful and
bright but
is and heartbreaking knowing that about
someone you love or anyone really but
especially when it's someone you're
close to
so I just wanted to ask y'all to
remember her in your prayers man by
morning man bun coming through out uh-oh
check it out he's sporting the man bun
again is this the life with boys or
something like you guys you have little
boys do you give them more than one bath
a day Abraham's on his second bath of
the day he got stuck in Sam's paint
earlier and then now he made a huge mess
with dinner so I put your hair to keep
it detangle then I get all wet
especially because it's cold and he's
wearing a snowman PJ's cuz it's snowy
you guys remember that mess I showed you
earlier while Annie is doing me a big
huge favor and cleaning up some of it so
if we're sick about I just want to show
you guys something I'm going to do the
room this is a insulator instead of
compressed air town obviously and I'm
going to be filling in these cracks all
on the wall here sealed with that huge
gap right there our room is very cold
closer than a room in the house and
after I took off the siding in here I
felt cold air pretty much blowing
through these cracks it's like really
strong wind comment there so I'm gonna
fill it in with this if you just like
squirt it in the hole
I better shake it up over whoa um yeah
not like that like that
so yeah I'm insulating the room all
right we're getting close to be finished
with the room all right like this is
Alicia's going to be complete enough for
me to go to sleep tomorrow he has done
such an incredible job in there you guys
won't even recognize it
no one yes he did then okay it's a total
I mean I did really good but you know I
don't but guys we'll see you tomorrow
coach our brain early don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
to do this so awesome
time for the funny laugh game be
