good morning everyone it is bright and
early and look what we got going on you
are my sister made by the same guy
nobody say
not to live
we've got to give Oh
in this together or something kind of
sad about covering up the piece on this
wall in a middle person yeah it was our
first bedroom together this is where we
slept last night guys isn't it beautiful
in here so cozy isn't it just something
about messes that are just so cozy I
don't know what it is just makes me feel
at home
we are gonna going to dinner with some
special friends tonight but first let's
show what we got today
oh yes well suit we got this awesome I
wanted to wait to open it with you guys
frame bridge let's see it oh my gosh I
can't wait I have been waiting so frame
bridge is a website where you go and
upload your photos or your artwork or
you can melt in your heart worker photos
and create frames for them you just
select them to see what different frames
look like around your photo great throw
a line it's awesome
where's ours and this is the picture I
showed you guys know I did my 52 inch
Elvis Symphony last year so I had to
pick one of those pictures and I picked
my favorite one I think this is our most
popular all everybody likes so you guys
will get 15% off if you enter the promo
code Sam I've learned of your purchase
this is really reasonable pricing guys
otherwise we wouldn't be doing this
I just really appreciate frame bridge
supporting us this is perfect for our
family who does photography like we are
so into photography and we get to like
feature our artwork or Sam's artwork and
our house I love that so exciting custom
card Chris thanks so much for framing
your beautiful photograph in our Sonoma
style I look fantastic we hope you love
it
I want to see the picture hurry huh Oh
like
ah that's a nice print too yeah it
really is look at her rosy cheek I
should have put my autograph down there
oh yeah did you print this for your wood
shop Wow anyway friend Razak ha guys you
get 15% off your next purchase go check
him out oh my goodness Symphony's snow
and you'll come see with me get your
snow shoes on
go get your sled and your mittens cuz
we're gonna build a snowman ha ha no no
Sydney's fine if you don't want to come
I'll just catch snow with my tongue by
myself so good mooing look at the winter
girl she's gonna go run errands with
Daddy
all of you a winter boy you look pretty
much like a winter boy my bill I don't
know what your veil is you're getting
molding yeah Tiffany come sit on your
father's lap and it teach you a lesson
be careful what you wish for is it tasty
is it tasty come on let's get the car be
careful what you wish for cause you just
might get it
I'm excited either way
it's like Christmas O'Malley left poor
guy
dude I'm sorry man
I probably got all my would this part of
the bank process is the worse for me
something's back there pushing bud come
on follow me sweetie come on this
thing's so long and dragging on the
ground I don't know how I'm going to get
up on top my car usually cut them in
half but I didn't feel like doing that
so I'm just going to leave them this
long and see what I can do
don't hit me there's my wood sticking
out in front of a windshield I sure hope
that doesn't slip off there I don't have
it tied down at all it's just laying up
there
just kidding hair gets trapped down
no ball my first time outside today I
feel like a hermit crab
I've just been huddled up in the house
but sandy text me she was like let's go
to the grocery store so we're gonna go
do that I remember when I was pregnant
Abrams sandy always went to the grocery
store with me like when Sam was
unavailable and um which was like always
because I go to the grocery store on
days that you sleep and so I was like
okay I'll go with her she was to always
push the buggy for me like such a gentle
lady so we're gonna go have some mommy
fun at the grocery store and I tell you
what I'm a little too excited about it
I've been cooked up in the house and I'm
happy to have a reason to get off see
y'all better guys he's really just does
not like the Hat he doesn't want to wear
it but it was in the car waiting for him
you gotta wear it bubby all right now
we're good hey no leave it I think I
would say he sees it in the camera don't
leave it omec you're totally rockin two
kids right now
revelation yeah crazy we're getting baby
stuff for little baby no-name huge baby
no-name yes twelve days and Counting and
we will have a new fake oh my gosh I
cannot wait on seriously are you ready
are you likes time slow down I feel like
I'm ready and then I feel like oh hey
I'm not ready like you don't have a name
these kids are over here Abraham's over
here hey hey Avram no no no no no bubby
oh no no what if I created ha ha ha he's
no cute about it though he thinks this
is his own personal seat this is not
your seat Oh
oh my goodness do you take Mike out all
the soaps oh great
spill on aisle so you guys want to see
what I got at Walmart today I got these
for when Avram goes potty he's gonna be
so excited
there you go come on get on up there
don't be scared I dare you to jump up to
your stomach onto your butt just jump
however you want to just to see that
it's a first ever done this kind of
limey ballers done that kind of line
uh-huh what it means really do all right
what was when we went on the fair I mean
I'm the big wheel yes you talkin about
whoa yeah you got to take your socks off
so you have a better grip up there would
you guys like an update of our bedroom
oh nothing has changed since yesterday
yeah what we have learned anyhow but
also primes and oh yeah the base molding
is in not in I have it all cut I have
all the trim around the windows doors
all that cut next I have to do the crown
molding that's gonna be the hardest part
I gotta go to Home Depot and buy a
coping saw and then I got a pink all the
molding and then I gotta put it all up
paint the walls I still got a lot of
work I feel like I got absolutely
nowhere tonight you ready 1 2 1 yeah he
goes goes would do day Oh again yeah go
give way - OH
hello what does it look like what you
doing right to kiddie car snack ready
Rosa no double stuffed family size she
got the family size or do for us I
didn't mean to okay we'll see you guys
tomorrow hopefully I'll have the room
done by tomorrow I have to get the room
done by Sunday because I go back to work
Sunday and I have to sleep somewhere
there's no way I can sleep out here we
favor what I think about that so I've
got to get at least most of it down so I
have a dark room to sleep in but yeah so
we'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other
bye guys and Oreos
we shall just
for amnesty
