you are my
by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to give
and this together apron can you say hi
yay
so we covered our craft table with
wrapping paper and Abram gets to just go
to town and draw although he kind of
wants to move the paper leave the paper
this is what you can draw on I've been
trying to teach Abram a shape I know
everyone usually starts with a circle
but he said Hart the other day when I
pointed to one so I'm starting with the
heart yeah you can enjoy your own heart
is this a heart that heart good job
let's check out the other little artists
in here what do you got going on oh wow
you are doing so good baby thank you
what are you making out of this box a
rocketship a choo-choo train
and a bus are you making oh that way you
can pretend whichever one it is yeah let
everyone I want it to be well you know
when you hang up your space things today
in your room right you can pretend like
you have a rocketship once they're
glowing yeah and then I could zoom
around cuz it babe so the next atom of
the red of a wing is gonna be a yellow
and then I'm gonna paint this side and
it's gonna be a different beautiful
hey guys mommy is all better today kind
of a stuff what kind of week like I
didn't eat much yesterday but it's okay
what do you think that I'm making slow
cooker enchiladas today have anything
I've ever made enchiladas in the crock
pot this is like my favorite thing to
happen when I'm cooking a baby bell
pepper is growing inside of a big bell
pepper
it's my bell peppers kind of wrinkly
that is so cute I gotta get it out it's
so cute look at it
okay we'll save it for a little while
looks so yummy I kind of don't
understand because you're supposed to
cook everything in the skillet then put
it in the crock pot kind of seems like
that's overcooking it but I guess you
just don't fully cook it all the way
does it make a lot of sense to me but
I'm doing it anyway read your bedroom do
it daddy
yeah he said to me sweetie what do you
want to do I want to redo our living
room paint our house or do your bedroom
he gave me choices and now he's
regretting it I'm still thinking about
it our room requires quite a lot of work
and so it begins
he is already cleaning out the room
putting it all in the kitchen not a good
place for all thank you we're gonna put
everything in our room the problem of
this room is the still wallpapers stuck
on the wall I've never gotten to it I
tried to take it all off but this stuff
is too stuck oh man then we got this
stuff still stuck on there and some
spots on the wall color on the opposite
wall and we got this ugly furniture that
Nia absolutely hit was a birthday gift
for me though so I don't hate it was a
nice gesture
as a birthday gift from wah even this is
right so we have to redo it yeah I
really want to replace all the doors in
here with just the you know the
contemporary white doors you know they
did ableser Beauty I see that face
see it looks really nice and bright this
is what I want him to look like so what
color we're gonna do we're talking about
like a grayish lavender I like it let's
just go ahead and E in the neighbor's
yard pound the pit bulls do you think
I've been around over there something
those two are really getting at it
though
Inez kind of being the referee her nanny
get along really well and then a few
days ago they got this other pit bull
that one right there that's really cute
they play really well together I'm glad
she has someone to play with when we're
outside um that's it look like playing
right now what are you doing honey out
that we're making in the room we are but
I'm gonna take about 15 minutes and make
my first video for my mommy channel
really yes I'm so excited
well hey just worked on her video now
she's emptying all these drawers I'm
cute and Sam's made that for you
he made this he hand sewed this on both
times day yeah our very first
Valentine's Day together
why don't we share no Valentine's Day
special that i sewed this for can you
guys believe that I'm cute and Sam's I
try to make it very clear to everybody
it's not that clear you can't read that
well and I made a special tag up here
says the Prince Stanley in Clementine
those are what we call each other
sometimes in high school I used to so I
did you guys don't see another shirt
that I made I can't see it that well but
we had a bowling team in nursing school
and we had to make up our own concept
for the bowling team and it had to be
something medical related and I called
us the bm's not bowel movement but bull
movement the other shirts look a lot
better but as you can see it's a bowling
ball going through the colon we were the
BMS get it guys bull movement no like
everyone just like me as a baby like
look at these little pictures get that
mouth sticking out those eyes they look
so much like you right there that's
crazy
no no it's just like him too that's my
uncle Johnny huh this is my mom and me
you guys oh that's your real mom yeah
looks like you right there a little bit
this foxy lady is bebo look at that
picture of her in her robe we've got a
hair all up she's so cute
beware got the hots for you no oh geez
look what I just found guys True Love
Waits yeah I'm gonna clean it up and put
it away for symphony for now I'll put it
in my craft drawer Oh have a drink of
that you can bring a dish taste it
smelled it well we're gonna go to Home
Depot now and get some paint I fell
asleep so let's
and he just doesn't understand it is
hard going from nice today once today
snip snap snip snap okay it's like
getting vasectomy in the reversing the
second reversing it's just like that
come on go for it come on yeah it's a
little forehead are you going let's go
get paint that's close to what we want
but I think we want more like in this
scheme right somewhere here yeah this
one
don't that blue and yellow look pretty
they do it pretty you guys one here's
something really stupid we got our
painters so he got back to the car and I
was like where are the keys so he's like
did you leave the car on the cars
runners leave their car we get inside
and it's nice and toasty crazy perfect
now it's crazy out here
what is that I don't think so honey I
think those are earplugs putting down
yuck the kids are playing in the last
vestiges of the snow hit them snow for
you you want snow
hold it snow cold huh snowball fight let
some sharp snowballs huh
oh I'm sorry huh Oh Annie's here hi
Annie
how'd you get over that fence you don't
want to eat that about you
through tonight it's not fitting your
horse out of here okay I'll work how's
it going in here
what a hard worker thinks he's doing
something let me help
he'd go what are you doing in there man
oh man he's gonna make it
he's seven there you go
go ahead you shall pass
whoosh whoosh hey behalf of me there it
is guys on the pictures and blinds left
to be taken down and of course all the
trim I'm gonna trim top bottom and
remove all this gunk off the wall this
is going to be the cracked part of this
job for you my sweetie key what for when
Abel he wants to read a book and he'll
my book that Symphony wants to read at
first was her lamp in the kitchen oh why
is there a lot of stuff in the kitchen
and it's una tarde mattress is sitting
right behind me haha how nice and
convenient I could eat my meal fall
asleep without even having to walk a
couple feet is that nice this looks so
delicious honey your crockpot meal yeah
there's a lot of and you're supposed to
cook it with a tortilla layered in there
but I didn't do that because I know how
you feel about I think it looks
incredible thank you well Bon Appetit
more please ok as always that Rachel
comes with presents for symphonies
alright symphony are you ready it's a
miniature tea set do you want to set it
up look oh my gosh like a cute that is
that is so cute right and look for each
other oh my gosh go get Sleeping Beauty
oh my goodness did she get a close-up on
it all today look at that you made that
rich mm-hmm artists to you look at that
that cute little teapot and what else
did you get alright guys how's it going
in here
oh all right guys
I got some Pingdom on my finger I need a
wipe it off on this red towel
