you're addicted to the cellphone come on
man how could you possibly be doing out
there for hours you are my sister made
by the same guy nobody say
we've got to give
whoa
and this together symphonies playing
with photobooth this supporting we're on
the Chipmunks setting morning everyone
oh my goodness I'm so proud of Amy this
morning so when she came out she played
with the kids for a little while and
then I heard her kind of whining and I
thought she just wanted a snack or
something and I heard Symphony say I'm
gonna get her snack well then she's
already kind of whining again and it was
just kind of like on and off she was
whining year and there and so I finally
I went in the craft room and I looked by
the back door and she was just sitting
by the back door waiting to go outside
and go potty so I let her out she
pottage came right back is so cute I'm
so proud of her kids ability us did you
guys know that mommy sick mommy sick in
bed short member said honey you gotta
get up really cause she throw away
nothing she said she threw up or she
needed to throw up a knee when I first
woke up loli set right here I'm flying
out the door hey come here
she cried at the door with the diaper on
sure like Annie what are you doing you
need to go potty and she looked at the
door she knows the word potty now she
looks at the door of Thomas a potty it's
getting easy she's doing really good I'm
just like so proud feels good you know
feel complet training my dog so I've
heard outside she went pee right away
give her snack and she came right back
in it's been going really well doing a
great job Annie
we love you around here even though you
do smell like pee pee right now where
she peed in her carrier over there I
guess her bed and she smells like people
sniffing it yeah somebody told me that
we got too big of a carrier she's peeing
inside of it I guess that's what's
happening
she's there's a lot of room in our
peeing get away from him but she's not
getting away from her she's peeing in
the bed and laying in the bed sipping in
our in the photo booth taking our
picture can our picture dead like
we did this who near a baby yeah I knew
laughing at me took it yeah try again no
way this guy yeah he just sitting there
chilling out play my mommy's phone when
she's sleeping
hey gotcha what are you doing on there
you download the apps one of these days
that's what he'll be doing asking for
our password B so when I was down at
work today I was really disappointed to
find out that we'd get any snow all
right nothing guys look at that such a
bummer I was really expecting four
inches of snow all the meteorologists
are saying we're getting snow four
inches my weather apps that 100% snow
100% snow for several hours in a row up
to four inches and then they said we're
going to get two inches because it was
delayed storm was moving slower than
that anticipated and it never did show
up here we never got any snow all we saw
was ice yeah I wanted to make some snow
ice creams one of you guys suggested
that to us or those it would been fun
and yummy I was going to go out and buy
a snowmobile really I honestly was I
also wanted to get with Andrew and pull
each other down the road on like a board
or something or like a trashcan lid on
the roads not going to happen this year
I think those are last chance you're
addicted to the cell phone come on man
how could you possibly be doing on there
for hours it's a shame me as sick today
because choose invited to this cooking
party with a bunch of the family
bloggers and I just showed up on edit
value' but is it the noise but now
they're cutting potatoes hey I'll make
that's it
this is already movie channel yeah watch
they have a pet pig
look here guys see buddy let go that's
my pet they have it walking on the house
here comes you got it you got it you got
the bubble keep on blowing I'm getting
the kids out of the house
come on guys yeah you are we are look at
Abram though hey man you look so worn
we're gonna go eat we want to go eat
somewhere be honest guys do you think
it's strange that I'm taking his purse
with us she's got a lot of stuff in here
a lot of resources the diapers are one
of them ah
all right kiddos where we had high I
hope Symphony wants to go to IHOP
everyone wants to go to McDonald's I'm
assuming
and I want to go to Taco Bell why I hope
because I owe y'all pancakes
yeah oh it looks like IHOP is closed
just check to the look close in there uh
I don't know I still think you're close
but I still think the crying daddy lady
standing right there all right sure you
know go to McDonald's my god don't you
like the McDonald stories no God would
you like the toys at McDonald's we
already thanked the ear but mommy loves
eating at IHOP with us she's gonna be so
sad she couldn't make it with us of
course she's gonna want to eat at home
we'll get her soup all right we'll eat
here you better be grateful I am
grateful because I wanted to go up here
oh don't worry reckful yeah that's a
good reason be grateful because you know
like I something somebody left a stack
of pancakes back there go get what what
can she have those pancakes she wants
him yeah sure
don't wait huh phone yeah yeah way to be
alright feel this way for yours
thank you welcome can I get anything you
owe was for the girl oh there it
is I appreciate you know man
this is hard to do without mommy this is
a trittye so omelet look at this thing
with a fried jalapeno sipping at this
over here looks good Tiffany - yeah
buddy
I had to get him two more eggs he
literally scarf that one leg down within
a few seconds we didn't even go man he
goes eggs careful buddy
blow one on the time it's hot buddy can
you blow it look blowing
yeah get cooled off just go Symphony
especially my bacon great your sausage
already checking names chicken dance
fork did you have a lot of eggs they
promote so many eggs
he's a full guy living full little tummy
full time now surely with the play
button
where'd the belly button there it is
very cold you cold Symphony I'm sorry
I'll hurry up I just gotta show this
little belly it's okay I wish I just say
something smaller because good so sleepy
maybe CP because it's so late everything
about know yeah well going on side what
we say good night to the viewers picture
of me alright I'm taking video right now
cheese say cheese
alright got near some soup we're gonna
go in the house I'm gonna get these kids
ready for bed
we're gonna go to color tonight thanks
for come along with us guys pray for Nia
because you're thinking about her she
really just getting up throwing up she's
not pregnant I really don't think she's
pregnant but um alright we'll see you
guys tomorrow
yes eimai anybody don't forget we love
remember know each other
perfect thank you
we shall jump
for investing
