in this together
morning guys Stephanie's getting ready
for cuffs birthday it's hearing just a
little bit
Juliet's finishing up her nap and I am
finishing up my wrap Christmas wrapping
that is we have bought Christmas
presents for a little boy from a
community that our church is kind of
like sponsoring for Christmastime so we
bought him Christmas gifts we got his
little Christmas wish list he's one year
old so he's got like shoes and bottles
and clothes and toys stocking stuffers
and then there's a couple other things
I'm waiting on in the mail I'm kind of
stressing out a little bit cuz I have to
take everything to the church tomorrow
all wrapped up but it looks like this
one last thing is not gonna be a part of
it unless it comes today however before
we go to the party I'd really like to
finish wrapping kiss kiss and so yeah
that's what I'm gonna do I'm sure
something you'll join me here in minute
did you fall on the floor
more of a basic welcome to a cold crispy
morning in Broken Bow Coahoma actually a
hoja town Oklahoma that's where I'm at
so actually it's a Broken Bow address
but it's in Ho cheese hell I got to move
the trailer once again guys and I'm
perfectly okay with that I had so much
trouble getting sleep last night not
because it's cold because I was so
excited to get up and start working you
know you're loving something when you
can't sleep and you keep waking up
thought the night looking out the window
sit the Sun is that there's something be
said in that right so here are some of
the things I got for this little
one-year-old
I definitely ordered the one with blue
buttons but target sent me the pink one
all little boys no matter how old 12
months 18 months 2 years I love Hot
Wheels this I thought was gonna fit into
stalking but now I'm looking at it and
I'm thinking maybe not this also is for
the stocking oh do you want to help me
with something for this little boy I
think here's what I need help with I
need things like this is and then like
this take it out of the ground
no peeking
this is really cute guys 1980 whoa that
is too cute oh my god let's just say 80s
before I was born
somebody's not here with their dad
building this now I'm out here with my
son building this stuff
yeah
it's time to head out guys and check out
this awesome cuteness that I love so
much dente' leather twin
oh no Jillian's about to sit on the
pumpkin slide no she's wearing a white
dress and she just literally sat where
the pumpkin slimed oh yeah oh all right
guys who's ready to party we're going
early I have a gift for cuff that I want
him to open before the party starts and
I'm gonna see if sandy needs help Wow oh
my it looks amazing in here oh my gosh
you did so good oh my gosh
I got the snacks here here at this
shindig was gonna be making some
molecules see I knew I was gonna like
not I failed fail sang he's just cute
let me just show you her he's turned out
really good
the periodic table on shoes isn't that
cool no but what is the periodic table
it's a scientific thing it tells you
like the you know it tells you like the
um you know the periodic table tells you
the UM
the thing for the science name and the
abbreviation what shall we use to
conduct this beautiful current with the
thing they're supposed to be a scientist
some reason I guess it's a little
awkward it's really funny though there's
place guy says it's cleaning up
beautifully that's where the pomp little
house was right there and that concrete
slab it's gone
I guess this right here so well yeah
things deep can you guys believe this
yeah I get this on my trailer like this
it was too heavy
and that's how you get a trailer on a
trailer an hour later
it's my burn piles getting bigger and
bigger what you doing man
what aren't you go inside I just said
take off the shoes before you go inside
I just say stay outside cute guy I'm
sorry get in they're gonna take all your
clothes okay
can you change for me what we're about
to head home we're done for the day and
for the week
I am absolutely amazed at how much work
I got then I did not expect to pull up
that 40-foot dumpster over there but the
guy without the Bobcat helped out so
much smashing it down picking up stuff
just kept loading it in there just
incredible I have all the outdoor
plumbing done I have three faucets
that's all I need and like the landscape
it just looks so much prettier all the
chicken coops are gone that little shed
is gone next time we're gonna get all
these wires out of here get the poles
out put those on the ground that's what
the tube was for just looking beautiful
maybe could've got one more but it was
starting to like cut the river my mouth
good job Avery somebody's about just
show me up you met nine totally shut me
up said do you guys like my scientists
oh well maybe you directed that way
over there can I get an Oreo McFlurry
please with extra Oreo and ice cream
cone please I think if I could oh thank
you thank you for me guys when the work
outweighs the pleasurable things in my
life I'm a happier person but I still
need reward everyone's well and so I'm
treating myself right now and Abram
Report Abram do you deserve it
I didn't hire yet
there's all billion ice cream and I you
want both you're not gonna be able to
eat both
much longer let me ask you hey you
really need my face scream and this is
really taking forever thank you so the
next one goes where I get my scream cuz
they really need my ice cream you know I
really need my face I think I can have
like a scream please cuz I really really
need it I need it like right daddy let
me get it Oh can I get it please please
good bleep your page stop talking like
that I scream you scream we all scream
for ice cream ice cream
you know we just ran off into Hobby
Lobby for in the back of the parking lot
because pretty thing out there we're
here to pick up some things for an
outreach that we're doing with our GC
there's coming Thursday we need ornament
stickers all kinds of fun stuff okay I
need to find some glass ornaments and
some foam ornaments and some stickers
you
you get your crystal for mommy where's
it at whoa daddy found it no I finally
took James did the Charter gosh you
you guys like intro Scott sells these
legit like if they're obviously cleaner
but I mean this is prettier that even
what she sells simply put in the
bathroom is clean
oh you miss daddy so much crystal
this is ready to see you I just tied it
off beautiful when you get to push in
there you know all that dirt oh it looks
like vice it's incredible hmm I'm aching
from my head to our toes guys knee is on
the phone my mom gave me some info down
which is very kind to her thank you I'm
so exhausted I'll probably have a couple
weeks stuff because we got a lot planned
these in the next couple weeks but up
alright guys don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other you are
do you want to kiss him hey daddy well
then sure what it's pretty heavy
