so one thing on our list is toothpaste
Tiffany just shared with me are really
interesting theory she said that since
it's been snowing they now have frozen
toothpaste
she said yeah it's snowy outside mom so
they should have frozen to it so we'll
see
you are my sister
I love my disdain
we've got to give
and this together good morning guys I
stay number two 2015 it is so cold
everywhere number two didn't you see
everyone oh you do it say - that kind of
works can you say one can you show me
one how old are you Abram one good job
we just seriously cannot make it out the
door without Abram falling into some
water getting wet one way or another so
yeah we're gonna go run errands in this
mess I'm wearing my lovely fluffy scarf
from the rolling family and we are gonna
go do this
cool Symphony have you seen they don't
have any frozen toothpaste no no frozen
toothpaste
no sweetie you're too old for that
Symphony still really wants to use this
toothpaste but she has moved on to this
toothpaste you have to get one of those
sweetie
this one that's good that's good for
your teeth I like the one that Logan
hair is that what Logan has no one at
this tire on the block start on the box
but Logan has this one yeah I don't
think this is happening you're too young
for this no I guess you can have it kids
it says kids right there all right is
this what you want
and why did you pick that one because
Logan has it and if Logan has it
this is what happens when you go to
Walmart you forget a cup and you also
can't find your list like I'm trying to
remember everything you have and was
getting cranky so these are two bucks
uh-huh so annoying but the other ones
that are cheaper it just seems so
unhealthy so I'm like not that this is
like super duper yeah it just seemed
like a bunch of like sugary water with
food coloring in it and I'm like I'm not
spending a dollar on that one any spin
the dollar would get a character and
something healthy Oh still and you're
doing such a good job at that all right
Annie here's a test she's officially a
Raider dog right now playing with and
snacking on a blueberry he's a good
evening
just like crushed it up she's like you
know hey so anybody who's wanting to
know what to do when your little bitty
bitty toddler wants to help cook dinner
you just follow the sink with bubbles he
thinks he's helping Symphony really is
helping she has become so responsible
like she has just that year and was like
stirring our meal on low cauliflower
kielbasa red bell pepper potatoes and
onion and they took the suggestion that
someone of you banged me on instagram
and i started using turkey kielbasa and
it was just so
see please now I can stir up some water
and make a bra weight doing
weight doing up there right now big step
ah there you go hi guys I'm just getting
ready to go to work actually I'm about
to walk out the door but I wanted to
make it a period appearance right there
you told me much price I get Olaf
popsicle yeah because I'm Elsa and I
even have eyeliner today's my last day
of work for the week I'm excited to give
back in my woodshop hang out what my
little family and hang out you guys of
course yesterday we saw a lot of falls I
know I said we were going to see a lot
of MVC's but I didn't think about it
that people are gonna be walking around
through so we got a lot of fall it's
quite a few of them one of them a guy
fell and lost three teeth teeth right
there in the front one other side one
it's two big teeth right here in the
middle yeah hey and they kind of look
like grown-up teeth they just look like
good whatever things look like they're
young beauties are big telling daddies
yeah
a mine really big yeah yeah they're kind
of big I'm gonna let you guys in my
secret I sucked my thumb all my life all
my life I was like myself hi ain't wub
no Abram has been teasing me what Abram
can I have a kiss please
kisses he said you know please yeah do
you want me to make eye contact with
these people please get out
I love it that he doesn't say no he just
says nah yeah oh hey bro Abram na se na
na yeah whoa sorry sorry Annie stood on
it toe
alright kids hey yeah what the phone you
look like your daddy give me a big
family hug okay alright guys don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other okay it's time to do our
frozen popsicles are you excited about
this I'm super excited we're gonna be
using half a cup of juice a cup of fruit
we have fresh blueberries mangos and
bananas
awesome right okay with it recording the
camera okay he'd love to Abram what song
is this
dancer boy guess who a potty again he's
so cute now when you go to the custom to
having holy stuff yeah
mommy takes the turn and then you're
getting so I was really worried because
I had heard that girls potty-trained
quicker than boys and that they're just
overall advanced for the boys oh he
really wants his camera but he's doing
great so far everything is a little bit
early or even in symphony she did have
potty training so two and a half I
believe so I've got an hour and 20
minutes left in my night and I am gonna
go make some wreaths for the first time
in a long time it's been a week and a
half since I've like made a new creation
and I miss it I'm really ready to just
like dive in and make something new I'm
gonna start with an order that was
actually for the auction which she kind
of gave me freedom to be creative and
that's what I'm meeting right now I'm
really ready to just be creative and do
my own thing so anyways guys I hope
you've had a really awesome day it's
been a great day for us snow day number
two and we will see you all on
tomorrow's vlog bye guys
