that's embarrassing thing have any true
I am wearing
we've got to give
and that's together what's the matter
those are your shoes let's go to the car
corner course it's huge yeah love your
shoes you don't have happy Sunday
morning everybody
get rid the trip and trying to wake up
at the same time and we are not pregnant
so tonight is my first night of work on
my new job last night I stayed up pretty
late purposely so when I get home from
church I can fall asleep easy and get a
really good nap before I go into work
and that's why I look like a million
bucks this morning that's the only
reason I love this guy's so much what
you got bad action items this is for the
people at our church who won
my name is from the shells off okay so
cool we've been getting like getting the
checks and stuff in the mill it's just
so fun to watch it
it's drizzling out here coal
oh hey I've got the words you guys made
me decide actually Nina's very first lip
sync we did this song in high school
yeah yeah in my white Jeep I was driving
driving and I was like yeah she's your
yeah I was in the passenger seat I had
the camera saw the window and I was
pointing at her and I was singing it to
her I wish I could find it I really
wanted to find it that's one of the
videos of all looking to find for our
Valentine's Day video that is crazy
Sam was another summer for directing and
recording for a little while there I
even you bought your video camera yeah
the target class today well-well-well
started raining during church everyone
was so cute running out of his room
saying dad dad dad into my arms it was
the best thing ever
these are my comfy jeans and turned out
they were really expensive oh there's
silver brand they have a rip like right
in a place that you can't hide it and
Esther was like I was like no I got to
get my long jacket on oh it's so hot in
there holding all the kids wear oh my
god chicken I think it's like I can't
feel it she told me if it at least knows
Esther I'm real close to her wasn't
someone fairly well she's don't want to
told you back to my old schedule I've
been all for for three weeks it seems
like but nice and it's been good it's
been nicely good Oh guys we can't find
the moon sand it's escaped in the house
and I work here in the same I just
wanted dumped out I'm kind of excited
about I feel like going into a new
workplace and nursing has kinda
reignited a new interest in nursing for
me I'm wanting to read more about
emergency nursing like I used to I used
to read a lot about emergency nursing
past year so I just stopped learning and
I have this book up here
CEN that's my next goal in nursing is
the pass the cen certified emergency
nursing this is everything that nurses
need to know about the emergency ready
he wants a color
I found these randomly around the house
and I don't know where in the rooms and
is or
guys a little bit live event I don't
want this schedule back video sure bye
sweetie
are you going peepee Tiffany go peepee I
meant good afternoon how about good
morning good afternoon good evening and
good night just a kiss if I don't see
you again
where'd I get that from guys you guys
know I got that phone oh now I feel very
refreshed we all just woke up from our
Sunday now are you refreshed are you
refreshed yes that's so pretty
you always look pretty no I feel great
I'm just in the kitchen trying to cook
dinner and I hear everyone screaming but
bowls and symphony has opened all of us
she cut at church and heard a rumor in
here playing with bubbles
here's daddy the black scrub we're
getting ready for his first job I know
you're gonna be stinky I can't believe
it's time for Sam to go back to work oh
man how I have been semi dreading this
day I mean I know yes you'd like to work
him up kidding myself over here but I
still feel sad I have a little surprise
for symphony for tonight though she's
also a little bummed out that he's going
back to work so I'm nervous no don't be
nervous
I know but you're gonna do so good don't
you already kind of know the people in
you Wayans you went to orientation with
them right Abramson Annie's getting me
she's attacking me and he's getting big
and he down here right when I got in the
bed and he was like Samuel the dog just
went poop she pooped right here in front
of that little dress right over there
then a big pile right here by my weights
and then she walked around she got it on
her power cord she scrubbed her butt
against the little horse she scrubbed
Ashley went out the doors covered it all
right here little droppings all through
the kitchen
now who wants lit up though give her a
hug give her a hug give her hugs Oh
found the moon sand not sure how it got
there but there it is and I'm glad it
somewhere semi safe got a little pre
first day workout going on in here we
did so hot honey what do you got buddy
oh you get my sweater for me thank you
thank you buddy
careful it's hot copy no no no thank you
go head room ah let go oh my gosh
alright okay where's your lunchbox black
well it's crazy
got his lunchbox everything you know
there's not knowing everything guys we
still love you I remember to love each
other love you daddy
you guys waving bye like we are I've
been telling symphony that I had a
little surprise for her for the last
like two hours while she cleaned her
room and she cannot guess what it is can
you guys guess what it is we're gonna
finish cleaning up around here and then
we will get started on something fun
here she waits for the surprise all
right here you go
pick IDO dirty job yes and we're gonna
make cookies but you and me we get
decided you guys do you know why I got
this first today because I thought we
might be kind of bummed out that daddy
went to work Oh someone else is excited
okay so yummy and now they have to cool
don't touch it their heart whoo let's go
take a bath and then we'll eat a cookie
better brush away all those cookies
