simply try out the drill try it out yeah
pick it up put the little drill bit on
one of the screws you got to hold it
upright get a hold it straight up and
down like this my sister
the same thing we've got today
we've got to give love
in this together why didn't hit it
Wesley yeah cuz it takes a few minutes
this is it gets hard enough it's gonna
steam is gonna bow to that little hole
make it listen
Hach
hey we said good morning to the viewers
yeah I don't think you I don't think so
good morning guys welcome to the Raider
house where the kids are cranky and the
parents are a little cranky cue Tiffany
and I are getting ready to go on a date
where are we gonna go eat Saturday first
we're going to Home Depot that's where
our original is going to go actually I
was originally going to go rent a lens
from Dallas camera all the way in Dallas
because I have a newborn photo shoot
tomorrow Rachel and been the one the
couple you guys just met they had their
baby and I'm photographing the baby
tomorrow I was going to get lunch for it
but I decided not to because it I have
to return on Monday morning and that
would require Nia to drive all the way
up there and take it back and I would
hate to have her do that but anyway
where we going to eat honey I really
want to go somewhere dad Tim me Oh kid
meals all those places have kid meals uh
toys I want to go to McDonald's to get
fries in did you know McDonald's toys
our hearts now and that's how McDonald's
gets family's business honey I love you
bye all right right lows now Sydney
wants to ride a race car hop on in kid
it's a little bit small for you don't
you think you do want to drive right
we'll get up here all right whatever you
do don't crash into people okay
what you have is people right there
which way are we going this way
good air you are good
Sydney don't crash don't crash you gotta
watch where you're goin silly
so while Sam and Symphony are out on
their daddy-daughter date I have been
painting and I forgot how much I loved
painting
I paint letters and different things for
wreaths but I've actually been like
painting on a canvas and this is
something I'm making for Sandy for her
baby nursery and decor for her baby
shower which is tomorrow the theme is
you are my sunshine here are just a few
of the things that are for her shower
I've been making quite a few different
things I've got these cool things over
here that are gonna hang behind the main
table so I made this simply try out the
drill try it out yeah pick it up put the
little drill bit on one of the screws
you got to hold it upright get a hold it
straight up and down like this there you
go chard go whoa you did it now back it
out you could change the directions now
try again hold it on there look at you
you got it out okay you and show me that
yawn his core knows okay I'm gonna show
him a new thing ready look at him he
started this new thing where he's
checking his hands and his armpit and he
just sits there like this like hmm and
so I would walk around the kitchen and
being goofy and like being a duck for
him earlier and he was just cracking up
it's the happiest I've seen him in the
past few days I really think all he
needed was a little alone time with me
where I wasn't distracted my attention
was all on him I wasn't really cleaning
I was kind of straightening up the
kitchen a little bit but he was eating
and so I was just talking and seeing me
to do it a little crack crack dia all
right what kind of toy did you get
she's concerned effort because all they
have is boy toys okay well she got the
lobster put them on the straw turn out
drink drink you see what happens likely
move up and kind of weird alright might
be a good today do you see a baby no was
the cows a bad guy so Stephanie and I
had our day now we're just kind of
driving around running errands she's
running errands with me I really
appreciate you doing this with me
Symphony she's being so patient with me
so now I'm going through my old work to
go collect some documents that I have to
give to my new job then I'm gonna go see
his new yep but in between my two jobs
we're gonna go pick up a new table saw
not a new one but I found a really nice
table saw on Craigslist that I'm gonna
go check out which isn't very far from
where I'm at here comes daddy it is so
beautiful out here
Abraham's trying to ride the rocking
horse Sam's working in the woodshop over
there what do you got
a bench grinder Sam is selling two of
his guitars yeah that's why they're out
here we take pictures and posted them on
our local Facebook trading sites
hopefully they'll be gone by the end of
today what are you doing up there rock
star with your onesie open what is this
wow that's awesome the new table my
guess is Doe
Annie's playing fetch for the first time
that we've ever seen she wants to give
it to juju shares so much if she sees it
yeah
how cute Pickett Abram he is flipping
out abram pizza guys it's what's for
dinner what do you guys eating tonight
hi low Tom Sydney ready huh all right so
my hype on the
was by far getting to spend the whole
day with you that was my favorite part
too daddy
what part of the day though was your
favorite just the whole day yeah just a
whole day I think we've got this I've
got to like spend the whole day with her
like that just like run errands just
with her it's really nice she's just so
easy mm-hmm
I makes you just so easygoing I said we
gotta go bang she's like okay got a
popcorn she's going about having another
child like Symphony is what makes me
really want to have another baby she
just she makes everything so much joy
full so what was your high point my high
point is watching this little guy feel
better he has been real energetic and
independent he's been playing and
laughing he's eating he's eating pizza
he hasn't been eating hardly anything
lately what was your high point neighbor
saying mama well what's this it kind of
politician there hey guys we're working
on Sandy's baby shower stuff right now
Sinn Fein you're awake what what are you
doing awake still I'm friendly
daddy can click it back in for you is it
your nightlight yeah why do you need
that plugged in you have your fish tank
no it's not in her room the batteries
are so all over house mmm
why are you still awake sweetie you've
been in bed for like a couple hours
you look quiet wait what have you been
doing in there is this allowed no listen
buddy you're supposed to go to sleep
baby how you reading books with that
light oh goodness
look what's there made for the baby
shower game tomorrow
he made homemade blocks you are so
talented mister they are really cute
we're gonna um every Gus gets one you
get to decorate make it personal for
baby number two oh that way when it goes
up yes that's a good idea already hat oh
my goodness oh we are super impressive
Sam
so thanks money did I save you but not
buying your blocks I have no idea but I
really do feel like I should pay you
something oh we would love that I love a
burger no please oh um she couldn't find
any the problem Courtney had been looked
for some plain ones too for some of the
decorations I was gonna paint them gray
and yellow yeah you did help ah aren't
those pretty
this is what my painting looks like
right now okay on the screen it does
look really good
ha ha ha in person it is not like as
good as you guys are saying it we are
gonna go in and take a night and then
finish our shenanigans over here Sam
just made a massive block massive
compared to the other blocks it is oh
and that's really cool long one and we
are gonna write on it yeah all these
blogs that is so cool Sam ok guys we'll
come back on Sunday so that you can see
Sandy's adorable baby shower and the
theme is you are my sunshine give her
lots of warm wishes in the comments
below and we will see you all on
tomorrow's vlog my eyes
your hand don't be a
