think it's time we tell the viewers what
just tell them hey no your breath is
awful oh oh my god is my coffee break
no it's the guacamole oh my brother you
are my sister
by the same guy loved by the same
to give love
whirl
in this together you building towers
uh-oh do it again yeah good job you like
your bath last night she was so cold she
was shivering so bad I had wrapped up in
three blankets she fell asleep inside of
him poor Annie I'm doing a mingi minimum
where's your neck oh when I took you
where does it go Abram do you want to
show everyone your nose Abram fell out
of a chair girl you really hurt his nose
oh he's a mom don't tell everyone about
that this is the first time in Abrams
life that I've styled his hair with like
gel or some PAC I used daddy's putty and
I like combed his hair over to the side
so it would stay I did the same thing in
the back and then look at his curls you
guys look at all those curls I put putty
back here too to kind of hold the shape
of the curl this right here I don't know
what that's doing though tuck that away
all isn't it cute Sam his hair your hair
looks nice too I realized a dress
symphonie asked me to turn that thumb on
and I didn't think about why it first as
she started standing in front of me
being real sweetly and she was singing
everyone gets hurt sometimes when she
feels so bad for him about his nose oh
hey guys what's up today the Raider
family's just hanging out at the house
get some work done is and cleaning mode
today major cleaning mode look at these
mirrors can you guys tell which ones are
real mean there's like a piece of taking
me guys which one's the real main I
think it's time with tell the viewers
what when you tell you guys something
pretty important
Nia threw away her birth control I did
she did we want more kids I know for a
fact that I want more kids he is still
thinking about it but I want pork I'm
still pretty much on the fence I'm just
kind of like hey she just doesn't have a
right for one yet but I keep telling her
there's never time that we're going to
be ready
there's no time better than now I think
it's time though I'm making a few more
dollars an hour and nursing and you know
we got to spend money on something hey
what do y'all got boogers coming out I
just cleaned the nose look a boy I think
we should keep having them all young I
don't know worth her get older I don't
want the kids to be spread us real
spread out in a tone will be you know
pretty close I think four years of
artists having anything more than that
is less than has been stressful like
Geneva so he's gonna be about three
years apart right - three years
a baby's got to come we'll run I have a
new Raider around here you still I can
trigger on confuse like I'm stuck to
your shirt I don't like really sure I
don't like the way birth control
I have in the number control for a long
time actually I mean it's been months
but I was just really good it could not
assume but I mean if it happened I'd be
happy with it because in nine months
I'll probably more ready than I am just
right now Abraham's been sick for the
last week and we have sleeping uh no
one's been real happy there any day and
that's never attempted I really maybe
you know you're on a boy or girl
I would definitely I always had one
another boy you ready to have another
sister another brother yeah already yeah
you sure yeah you want a boy or a girl
and here you want a baby sister yeah you
get that bad boy when I'm a mommy I'm
hoping for two baby girls
you're not a mommy yet baby you have a
long way to go what are you thinking I'm
talking about my boy your mommy has had
another baby not you
no no she might soon not yet so yeah we
just thought we should know you guys in
on where we are at in that department
our stove repair man is here I mean our
oven repairman is here our oven repair
man I said stove so what we got going on
here man you're taking update matter now
is Brook igniter is broken guys I guess
that little black things in there yeah
let me just love to go get this guy some
money he is very angry about it but
let's see if this thing works this
turning red isn't supposed to do that oh
yeah
should we stand back mm-hmm the closer
you can look recommended whoa
we have a working of an IRA everybody
Saints Tiffany ready why are all the
toys are the toy chest
hey Piper more sissy where's sissy
Oh
there's yes is alike you whoa oh my god
hey buddy
Brooke you're so upset about it it's
okay tonight I have women's Bible study
and I really really want to go I feel
like we've been kind of cooped up since
everyone's been sick and I'm kind of
going to start crazy and I'm just really
ready to get refresh with my girls
this is a big moment nearly daddy with
the kids and she's so cool
this is a sensory safe surgery situation
looks like we're gonna do some hitting
on this glass plate that's fine china
we're just going to beat the crud at it
um
nuts and a cupcake pan let's see what
we're gonna do here I guess make a lot
of noise
this year I'm assuming we're going to
bury it this one I guess we're going to
play the drums and this was gonna make
foil and chew on it cool all right
what's next guys hey Soph our neighbors
were pretty good and you can see he
crushed two other goldfish here oh man
yeah he's trying to reach it ambu in my
lap at the same time look at him Wow
Oh buddy I'm not going to leave you seem
like some fear of separation anxiety
look they go in there yeah there you go
good shot thank you no no don't throw
them they go inside here buddy you gotta
put a minute little circles in a little
cups I'm making cupcakes there you go
good job once
thank you fill that one up okay
look at them reaching trying to stay in
my lap at the same time you're gonna mix
the flour with the chocolate nuts hey
Abram needs a spoon can you Abram a
spoon okay look big boy one so you got
it small one big boys good is that there
you go put it in there that's a little
tractor everyone's a little tractor can
you be a little tractor there you go
good job you do this daddy hey what do
you got water now
oh no we're bringing water into the mix
this is about the girlie buddy Abram
mister she got a little fight over the
spoon he was slapped back again over his
face oh my gosh oh he is loving this
guys he has been doing this for the show
alright guys got the kids in bed time
for me to chill maybe get the vlog up
work on some photos or something I don't
know I'm just gonna chill he's on her
way home she's about to be here but guys
thanks for coming along with us everyone
went to bed just fine without Nia so
that was nice I read two books of
symphony I really enjoy reading two
symphony at nighttime because I'll read
her the book and I'll ask her questions
while we're going to make sure she
followed what's happening sometimes she
really doesn't so you gotta watch out
for that what your kids they probably
don't understand what's going on and to
test them as you're reading I think is a
pretty good idea because I don't know I
think it helps me follow along what's
going on and reminds them to pay
attention if they know they're gonna be
asked a question I don't know I just
feel like a good dad now that's all
but guys we'll see you tomorrow thanks
for coming along with us as always don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
we shall just
