you're not shaking booties three booties
up in the air get up pretty kid you are
my sister
by the same thing we've got to live love
we've got to give
in this together morning guys Danny get
over here Annie come here he look so
tiny on there
I love his blazer is that all he needed
this morning you guys I'm not one to
play outside when it's cold do not like
it but I'm suffering through for my kids
today it's cold but it's not that cold
guys how's everybody doing this morning
I woke up with a headache I'm on my way
to go meet Heath for just have a
meeting and Annie's over there pinging
neighbors bushes and it get over here
now
good morning ah so Annie pooped on the
floor this morning I was like where
Danny go sir I walk around the house I
look in Abrams room she'd backed her
squatting on the floor just looking like
crying looks like she was constipated
sleep like Annie get up and she's like
took off running and while she's running
through the kitchen a turd fell off in
the kitchen she didn't actually end up
pooping in neighbours room but she had
it like I guess she's mid-turn and it
fell off in the kitchen Annie stop it
greater family is off to go spending
some money you get rich and some money
she was ready to spend some money
whatever you do we're gonna go save some
money spend money aren't you simply
reminding me that I needed to get scoped
she came and said Danny will color your
nice gross to the hospital I said oh
yeah I have to go get some scrubs most
hospitals are usually color-coded we're
like nurses wear blue respiratory wears
purple radiology wears gray stuff like
that this house was not color coded
except the ER everybody wears black
anyway yeah so I'm gonna go get some
black scrubs I've never been in black
scrubs before so it'll be interesting to
see how I'm looking for uniform
destination this one's nice guys like
this but
good with it
ooh I like this one right here how about
this one you supposed to wear so many
different scrubber options there's
Dickies these are nice clothes a nice
little stitching have a lot of pockets
then they have the cart heart these are
a little bit tight on my hips this one
I'll go kart remember guys they still
wear these
not no mo here's a boy you used to wear
that is what I used to wear are you
gonna miss him
yeah I'm gonna miss him too not and I
have these Cherokee ones which were
unisex probably the cheapest row mean
you can make your scrubs make them how
oh yeah that you could use your blue
scrubs then you could paint over in the
blue that is a good idea actually
so I should paint my blue scrubs black
yeah what kind of paint they like spray
paint spray paint
ah hey guys worried you can't see my
hand appear sneaking on daddy
all right cute you're really good in
black did they make you feel a little
stiff honey want to be this is me this
shirt looks too big
I remember when Tim had blue scrubs not
that long ago the Dickies brand did not
fit his mold do you remember that I
remember the Dickies brand never working
for you the smells are too small I
wonder where symphonies at she's
disappeared I wonder where she is
laughs hey Andy cutie what do you think
oh nice pose
hey this is just every man for himself
no road top boy alright here I go
oops
oh okay hot stuff huh oh you have long
arms fire Ian are you so I decided it's
one cheap pair one expensive pair so my
good days I could wear a cheap hair I'll
be okay and on my bad days all are the
expensive pair so feel good like a
player and I think I might you're one of
the door pins they're shaped like a
syringe in his blood inside cool any
need all right meet you on political our
three days a week but I only got two
pairs of scrubs because I feel like I
always have a problem with them once I
was once I start working in them so I'm
going to try these on for size
and see which ones I like better and
from there I decide what's third
scrubbed again yeah I'm gonna get yeah
we're good yeah we're good yeah forget
you you're tired that's a lot of running
you're a fast runner
give me how fast you can run here you go
hey what's wrong
why'd you put it on
oh you always look pretty baby everyone
stuck behind you could buckle himself in
I got two stuck kids here Abram you okay
buddy
okay Mia both of our kids are stuck here
Oh buddy
Nia's talking to her old co-workers
somebody doesn't want to be on the vlog
Victoria
exchanging a jacket and I'm gonna get
two shirts instead of having one jacket
don't you think that's a fair trade but
I don't know no I'm looking at this
cardigan and it's pretty cute and he's
got like Einstein hair
Avram can you say Chaney dance parties
on
jumpin me sup nigga get it girl get it
you're not shaking booties get up crazy
kid you can't do that buddy can't put
the shoes back on there
oh thank you why do these have wheels on
them is it for the kid right here I
think is where it goes
Sonia thought you had four quarter of
664 right of the machine so now we
remain really having to push it because
we're problems sir she's a rat rod and
we don't have any Catherine quarters
they did to you in feeling symptoms see
honey no good honey we got someone in
Millvale row guys come on little dog so
sad he's got a little bit dog hater said
mom our oven is broken here it's here to
fix it this right well he's just like
taking our oven apart like a puzzle
piece Oh our oven stopped preheating
yesterday and Sam made a Facebook post
and so one of Andrews friends came over
to look at it how do you know this stuff
do you work with electronics what he
knows we blog I thought you worked at a
car dealership for some reason really
cool yeah wish I did oh it's not yeah
and like all the systems who knew that
our oven came apart like that for me to
clean your desk really good ok guys so
the day is over it's been kind of a
rough day for both me and Sam we've just
been no know in a funk yeah
woke up in a funk I woke up with a
headache I just like the last few days
I've been sleep-deprived and today I
made up for it and that's up a little
bit too long
and I feel like I'm kind of catching
what Avram has had and my body feels
really a key and we've just kind of been
out of sync today so I did my grocery
shopping after the kids went to bed and
I got me and Sam a midnight treat what
is that honey whole blueberries dipped
in Dove chocolate roll somebody tweeted
that to us you did it under hard day so
do you this is a little too much
chocolate for me I don't really taste
the blueberry so what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna be some real blueberries mixing
with the chocolate Ã©clairs
I'm gonna be that dude mmm again as
always we've been saying it for months
it'll always make sure you know mmm it
is almost a year in April so yeah I
don't forget we love you love each other
we shall just
but they missed
