Oh kids are melting down outside guys
hey bro forget Aleve always probably
freezy home all my brother did you are
my sister made by the same guy
but a stain
- less
not to give love
the world
in this together good morning everybody
how you guys doing I'm about the break
of dawn getting ready for work I'm about
to go to my second day of orientation
today we're supposed to be doing
clinical orientation that means we'll be
walking around the hospital doing a lot
of hands-on stuff I may not like waking
up this early in the morning but once I
get up in I'm awake I feel so much more
alert than I do when I'm waking up at
night to go to work I'm gonna go say
goodbye to Tiffany you guys saw
yesterday's vlog that I made the big
mistake of not saying goodbye to her hey
sweetie
say goodbye
I love you all right well you guys have
a good day with my family I'll see you
guys this afternoon good morning
everyone so Abram has got this habit of
coming over to our TV cabinet and he
likes to pull out all of the DVDs here
Abram can you put this back for Mama
thank you guys ready for this I think we
got this kind of stuff before we ever
started vlogging this is from March 2014
last year our city newspaper in there we
are
for our frozen lip-sync how cute is that
like it Abram he's so little
look at there there's you this is our
sport from yesterday we learned these
words and Symphony learned how to write
and read them so I'm going to review her
today we just now open up the book right
before I turn the camera on
so Symphony can you tell me what words
you see all right what is this word -
okay and what's the next word doesn't
sound it out eggs oh wait that's right
Symphony we have a predicament with
ballet what's the what's the problem
with our ballet outfit today um my shoes
don't fit Oh No
so on the way to ballet we are gonna
stop and see if our local Payless has a
pair for her um forgot tap shoes good
thing I'm still in the driveway story
all right let's go get your ballet shoes
let's try them on and make sure you can
choice use on where's your feet yeah and
pick your nose yep
I feel like it's gonna fit it might be a
little bit too big and it's a little
smell up here no it's not small put the
other one on let me see you walk where
are we going now Avram say bubble bubble
good job yes they were closed for a
couple weeks they were out of town I
thought you guys had closed down January
we got married Oh congratulations cuz
it's so cute to the other girl that
works in your Magee that's his new bride
how are your bubbles they're good QT hey
you gotta eat it get it buddy
yeah I think he doesn't like the texture
of it kind of feels like a noodle it has
juice inside look funny watch mommy
you just bite it sissy's got it down
hers is almost gone you may have to help
Abram she's called the Milky Way I mean
thank you yeah look at the cowgirl we're
home from ballet and we're getting ready
to go have dinner I had got her this
chambray top to wear with her cowgirl
boots oh I just love it look who's home
you guys Oh guys we came home to this
hot man in the wood shop out here saw
this ball down my shirt yeah just like
shooting it so show us do you guys want
to see what Sam has been working on in
here this clewd for my chisels here I've
worked on this one give me a little
groove for the plane to sit in there oh
that is so cool but I made that group
too big so come on Ian gotta wiggle we
did it
well well it's not too bad Oh kids are
melting down outside giggle Abram forget
Olivos probably frizzy take a moon strip
him out your own Court baby
okay he's so mad at picking stuff up and
just throwing it Oh buddy you're all
better now leave come back with a smile
on his face
whoa hey guys is a bird nests up there I
just noticed it there's a whole lot of
noise going on in there must be a lot of
babies in there I wish I had a
quadcopter I get my GoPro above and get
a cool shot of them right inside of
there hey guys what's up chase
congratulations on the engagement gosh
you don't have your ring what is so
chase I went to high school together our
10-year reunions coming up you going
probably not really yes he's going is he
really
I think so we can go together because
you're getting married soon too I'm
waiting for him to ask me to be his best
man
start over starburns you were Matthew
I'll take with you that yeah I do want
to okay so me is going to order dessert
I decided to guess it because I'm trying
to watch my diet I mean I figure there's
our waitress her name is Carly
get over here is so cool don't you
Abram Abram this bro give him a five
yeah he wasn't do about he was saying no
second ago alright
fist bump I haven't taught him that oh I
didn't teach him that fist bump buddy
like this like that do it
yes do it please yea-ah get over here so
chase how did you propose buddy how'd
you do it did you take a knee pity
so don't take I don't see chase doing
that so what'd you do when he proposed
really you ran away and then you know it
was a good provider flag reaction so you
took part and I ran away and then I
peeked around the corner to make sure
you two still there why are you doing
this
you only know there was it at your house
I was in the bedroom yeah so then what
happened you came back and what happened
he asked me to be his Valentine forever
oh that's so sweet
yeah better so Selena they're Japanese
cry no I I didn't say did you cry
you probably did ride more than here
comes doc talk to me guys oh we got a
doozy more so it is a toffee brownie our
brownie comes in a skillet look at the
kids under here that's okay I will just
be honest and say we never let our kids
play under the table but these two are
being so cute under there I can't get
our chicks yeah me oh my god two of
these didn't suggest go I know it's hot
ice cream then a skillet it's a really
makes no you're not turn being over
there me and change no you are not we
have waited away what's your joke this
is what I wrote on the tab I said check
out salmony on YouTube to see yourself
tomorrow sorry hey I just want to thank
you for the good food
whoever guessed that we were going out
with Chase and Jenna today you were
right
not anybody guessed it yet as of this
time but I'm going to bed honey
good night what are you making I am
making a wreath I'm making a last-minute
order on that note I'm gonna bed and um
guys thanks we'll come along with us
today don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
fish out
for an misty
