tell me the human tower challenge put a
bow on top soon make my own human tower
you are my sister
they by the same guy loved by the same
we've got
whirl
and this together are you making my
coffee Abram got me all set up here he
put the cake up in for me he was even
pushing buttons over here what are you
gonna do all right
did it feel so strong yeah hey guys so
it has been one of those days where I
have not been able to pull myself away
from Abram or Symphony enough to like go
get myself put together and so now they
are napping it's their afternoon nap
time and I'm going to sit down and try
to figure out some stuff with this
auction comments that were made and bids
that were made on the auction are
disappearing I've got to try to figure
it out and it definitely slows down the
process of basically just getting shel
her money back hi Symphony hi to Annie
Annie's wearing one of Abraham's diapers
today because I ran out of doggie
diapers how to cut a hole in the back it
actually fits a lot better than the
other ones orientation today went really
well guys it was short and sweet as 8 to
12 tomorrow it's like 7:45 in the
morning to like 2 per baby this morning
I was reminded why I became a night
nurse I just I do not like getting up
that early
I just this my body is not made for it
feels like if we're not until almost
1:00 it's supposed to be done
12:00 cuz the like the environment guy
he was talking on and on about how to
unplug things safely he said port not by
the cord you pull by the court it can
pull the wires from actual port so we're
plugging it you have to be careful if
you don't start supply at you and the
reason this works is because the wires
are coming separated in touching each
other and we're on there like what this
is a nursing orientation what do you
want to tell me okay I don't like when
Superboy said ask you need a hug and
kiss oh but this morning out you were
still in bed when I left but why
couldn't you did can I really do it oh
did you want me to go wake you up before
next time I will baby can I do it right
now I just want to make up for it can I
make up for it right now
goodbye I'm gonna work bye bye I'll be
back in a minute I'll be back in a
minute
I'm home
I'll give you a hug a kiss goodbye are
you happy okay you're too cute I love
you so much baby oh okay come here
why are you sit up here Hey
you can be one of the toys you're one of
the toys now II juji's home hey Andrew
speaking of Home Depot I just want you
got some work for the I'm rep to
give you guys an update tree when I get
0 New York City Justin no 12 days
without a homicide Wow you guys ready to
see my first woodshop creation turned
out really good there's a couple little
mistakes that I made
but overall looks really good to check
it out boom there it is
trying to heat up this place it is so
cold out here so here's the mistakes I
made the two shelves that come together
as nicely as I wanted them to you can
see the creases some space in here I
worked on it so much I got just so try
to work on our just settled but it's
fine it's just going to be a place to
work on and the other mistake that I
made was this I left a huge end on here
just so this wouldn't happen and I still
messed it up see how it's not flush with
this uh stud right here I have like
halfway off of it I'm glad I had a
little bit of room on there I was
thankful for that much I'm going to
build a storage system up here we're
organization system at first I thought
about using pegboard that's what a lot
of people do I just don't like to look
at pegboard there's just something about
it I just don't like something to go
with a system called the French cleat
system I got a little partner with me
today what you plant over there I'm
making this for my toy
it's really cool it's like a castle zone
no this is their cow well to tower
why don't you space this out so she has
a little place to stay
no daddy mrs. ooh where it's gonna
belong this is where she's gonna stay
gosh stay right there oh yeah I see
gonna preach chick yeah thank you good
job
this is how it's gonna work looks really
cool doesn't want to make these little
uh pleat cleats cleats I guess I feel
just like that see how I just cut a 2x4
cut some notches in there and that's
where all my tools will go right up on
that wall time to go in and spend some
time with the family dinners are at the
writers house I just wanted to update
y'all I finally did a tally of the
auction and we raised five thousand
eight hundred and thirty dollars what
isn't that crazy you guys definitely the
biggest auction that I've hosted I'm
just so grateful and blessed to have
been a part of something like that it
was way bigger than I think any of us
expected it to be and I thought to show
earlier and she was so cute she had
tears and her voice and it was just
really sweet mmm bouncing up and down
eating their goldfish friend I was good
baby
amen oh no daddy get your hand now look
you know Wow so keep trying to copy your
noise
Oh Symphony has decided to paint
woodchip Sam cutout in the woodshop look
how cute this is
shouldn't paint some those pretty oh
happy birthday saw your infant I hope
you have a fun day in a fun birthday so
what'd you do with them here cutie I
came in there I know but before they
foreign why'd you choose those colors I
guess wagon man so Alison symphony
decided to take your advice and name her
new kitty hartley instead of hard lays
out what she initially Hendren yelling
or instead of Maui
so her Kitty's name is now called
Hartley
here's let me say Thank You Alison hi hi
dad ah hello hey all right guys we're
gonna attempt to do a he's in our air a
human family raider tower let mommy get
on top of my back you're gonna pop her
mommy back okay you got a roll pin a
ball I do yeah there you go we should
just like come on up Symphony oh we did
it little bit of ball sent me gently can
you can add them up there yeah drew
Chrissy
Andrew and you how sorry maybe get a
broom on top of symphony hey don't tell
my mommy anything human tower challenge
but April Topsail I make my own human
tower alright Angie go there though
whoo that was fun and exhausting till we
just invented our own challenge we want
to do we want to charge a few other
bloggers to the power to the human power
challenge with challenge J house vlogs
the nine Knowles and the Shaytards so if
you guys can help us out to get them to
do it go let them know so we can see if
they are up for the big game from is so
done with today given tower challenge
alright guys well thanks for coming
along with us today
Cindy's upset now because she wants to
make more towers so tomorrow we are
going out with a very special couple of
friends of ours can you guys guess who
it is they recently got engaged you've
got you guys have seen them a few times
whoever can guess it right gets to be a
part of our next human tower
intentionally that we're potentionally
potentially alright guys get to guessing
we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget we love you remember to
love each other and to give us a thumbs
up today thanks guys
but they missed
we shall
