we're on our way to another date night
and I'm not even sure what we're going
Mia won't tell me but there's a theme
neither will Mikayla though come on okay
where are we going does I think what's
the thing
they buy the stain
by the same
we've got to give
and this together
our little man is really sick this
morning guys yeah she has a pretty bad
fever he woke up shaking yeah we want to
give you some of that buddy
poor guy you said for Avery hey bro your
OJ you want boobie time you know put a
knee stuck in the hole circle the chair
chasing their tail girl when you go in
there don't eat your tail
hey big ol buddy she's spitting around
are they come on you can do it you got
it you can do it you can do it
whoa you did it thank you
my kid is here with the kids again hi
Michaela oh the kids are sleeping
we're on our way to another date night
and I'm not even sure what we're going
in will tell me there's a neither will
Michaela though come on yeah where are
we going does that mean what's the thing
can you tell me the theme is at least
sure what's the max Asian it's massage
it's not
I keep dancing but you won't give in all
right honey tell us about your post
Valentine's Day outfit here it's so
gorgeous I can't take it my cute dress
from thank you kind of necklace we got
here um what is this called a statement
necklace with rose gold and pink fish
coral jewel with the curly hair today
kind of we are so lucky getting to have
so much time together got the kids past
few days it seems like much needed for
us you get this much free time when both
of you make plans for Valentine's Day
getting a babysitter for the plane so
yes we are still going to go through
these plans even though Avery was sick
mainly because it's already paid for but
he was doing a lot better when we
learned but we're not gonna be gone that
long it's just gonna be short few hours
yeah
you know I think he's in good hands a
leap massage and he got us a couple
massages Siri gave it away on the way
over here say you have a ride to a leat
massage before we even got here
thank you honey I'm excited oh man it's
gonna be so nice I guarantee I'll fall
asleep this is perfect right before my
first day of work tomorrow be nice and
relaxed for orientation that's going to
last all day tomorrow so I've been
planning this for like a month trying to
find like the perfect place at the
perfect package for like a couple so
we're doing like a Valentine's couples
massage mainly mainly I just wanted to
do it because Sam is such a hard worker
and even when he's not hard at work he's
hard at work at home and I just feel
like he totally deserves to relax with
me I want to relax too she deserves it
more than I do like you're so sweet just
a couple beds facedown face goes in the
Crescent you're on Superman of course
okay you can hang up your clothes behind
the door he's got the little peace
symbols nice look at all these treats we
got look at all the treats
relax and enjoy we'll be right with you
how'd it go honey
- good it was amazing - good yeah we
just did not want his end we didn't I
was the hour massage we got a little
goodie bag here towards the end they
asked they gave us an option would be
like a hand massage the scalp massage or
a foot massage I chose a hand massage
because I've been working in this and a
workshop here lately I got the scalp
massage and I fell asleep a little bit
during that part
we got a pen ooh a nice pen look at that
jar opener it's a easy gripper for a jar
what are you so funny what an
interesting way to promote your product
we also got no I can't breathe
relaxing bath salts no oh whoa
smell that that's not good well I could
even handle it and say pneumonia or
ammonia that won't wake me up if I
passed out all right what do you want
honey what are you doing
hey Tiffany got a woody pet like we've
gotta for yesterday at Walmart she's
never had a PEZ before this is her first
one her initial reaction good they're
pretty good you like them pretty much
okay so we're back in the little guy he
seems okay he has a runny nose like
always he seems a lot better he slept
the entire time we were gone which if I
had known that I would have probably had
a little bit more fun I had a lot of fun
but I think I'm gonna had a little bit
more fun if I had known that I'm sitting
here at my computer just working on the
computer and she looks up at me goes
daddy when i play this game i really
want to pray so i'm gonna go ahead and
pray right now i was like okay and then
she paused it is about her head she said
dear Jesus thank you so much for
blessing me and I pray that you'll help
me to always be obedient
your son Jesus name Amen when she played
it
that's a good picture here mommy really
eating cheese
oh you press done right up there to
upset baby was getting his booby time
finally so when is it gonna be done
breastfeeding he has the new beanie he's
supposed to mean in two days when he
sent at two months but I just don't
think I can do it now
like wing completely he'll be done yeah
like completely I guess at first when he
asks for it you're supposed to like give
it if he's sick or hurt like you can at
times you would have already given it
like at nighttime he does so little
unclear for me but yeah completely done
where I put him to bed with a song
instead of Nursing
hey guys I've got a super long night
ahead of me the auction for show ends
tonight
there was one hair certificate that was
worth I don't remember but maybe like
120 dollars ended up going for like 165
I mean just some cool crazy little like
bidding wars going on it's so fun so
here's what I'm doing basically I go
through and I tag the winners and got my
little preset in here and thank everyone
for bidding and participating enter then
it come down here I'm logging it all
then just move on to the next photo I've
got a hundred and fifty-eight of these
and it's probably gonna take me about
two hours it's so worth that I'm so
excited
we had a very generous offer at the last
minute to match some of the bids and so
that's exciting and surprising for shel
once we roll in all the donations and
stuff like that
anyways I'm excited and thank you guys
for joining us today hope you've all had
an amazing day and an amazing
Valentine's weekend it's pretty much
come to an end by now tomorrow is Monday
back to the grind and we will see you
all on tomorrow's vlog don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
what a mess
