hey guys today
your little Brewer back there we are
getting ready to have a picnic in our
living room nobody is cleaning off our
beautiful table that is still a little
bit too low for just a couple more days
and daddys going to raise it up but
before it gets raised up we want to use
it in its current position just the way
it is and have a little picnic and a
Christmas movie or maybe turn on some
Christmas music I haven't decided yet me
& symfon you're gonna decide together
but we are having a totally casual lunch
I'll show you guys
honey battered shakin records Mayan
symphonies favorite chicken nuggets ever
and the little garlic toasts that I
usually make it dinner time Symphony
thank you do we want Christmas music or
a Christmas movie right back to my place
morning guys
I woke up this morning without water I
was like oh great they can't even turn
my water off because I didn't access it
properly but and I see this waiter
freeze over last night goodness and it's
solid ice I come out here and I step on
my hose and it cracks that's when I
figured out it froze not when I saw that
ring yes thankfully that's what I'll be
doing today he's putting in a new line I
think I'm gonna end up having to move
the trailer today I'm gonna go ahead and
move the trailer so they can dig this
trench right now James this is James
he's digging the trenches for me when
Abram saw a tractor showed up he humped
out of bed and got dressed and got out
here let's go check it out me
I need one month I paid Walmart or throw
them you hated that Walmart yeah did you
really yeah do this our favorite place
hey guys look it's Bob this is James
helper he actually painted the Walmart
that we visit and Terrell all the time
yeah that's crazy and all the rest up in
Texas for about 20 years
Wow that is so crazy okay you guys I
actually just lost you guys for like
half an hour and I've been like
searching around the house everywhere
and after our picnic I hid it from
Juliette so she couldn't find it and it
was just a really really really good
hiding spot because I also could not
refined it but you guys are safe and
sound back we've along with me and the
girls and symphony and mommy have a job
to do
come on sugar were you asked are you
were you up we got a gift bag a box of
Tom's lime lab gold and a chemistry book
this can only mean one thing tomorrow is
bad so here are your things that you can
wrap I think all that will fit down in
this bag really well you guys want to
see what I got for him perfectly yeah
perfect
yes Oh Juliette's having a little
accident over here she's telling us all
about it did you spill the water you see
where she spilled it
she's ain't go are you think cold cold
are you all wet
surprisingly she's not even all wet it
just got all over the table well I got
the truck stuck I have a little pump is
stuck behind the tire I thought I'd be
able to crush this but it didn't crush
you see a place where we're gonna cut it
Bob yeah I have a short blade on
kidnapped the better for us credit let
me cut all the way to little prayer here
inside of that pipe let's roll does the
whale pop inside of an idiot
yeah you speak really fast back there
watching that your father
that was just PVC winter break
oh man the ice is I got my waterline ran
up to this point that's going all the
way to the shed without a single
disconnect to start gluing these guys
together this is why I did this all to
begin with
trying to get all the plumbing done
before this guy goes for James goats
today
that's the last of my 20 footers I've
got to do the rest with these 10 footers
yeah I got pecs all up to the shed I
just need like a faucet for right there
think of whether expanded them all a
little bit last night and they all got
stuck on there every time gonna beat
them all off right miracle took 150
years experience to get that the girls
just finished a short and sweet nap and
I am finishing up this wreath that I got
to make for our neighbor and Symphony is
making her very first wreath - you guys
saw her shopping for it I'm helping her
out a little bit by tying this bow onto
this little is it a peppermint Polly paw
so do you have any plans special plans
for your wreath I'm gonna give it to
destiny and I already know that I'm
gonna wrap around it and it's gonna be
great we'll start placing things how you
want them and then when they're all in
place we'll come around and I'll help
you blue
where are you helping little bedhead put
is sweetie oh my gosh you guys I just
dropped hot glue on my foot right there
and it just trailed all over my entire
top half of my foot
I am Oh Josie ball she dumped out all
these little like red Snowberry there's
how Symphony's wreath is looking so far
for her friend I think it's like I'm
pretty cool
hello symphonies getting her technique
down for a wreath making are you
enjoying this sweety is missing you
should help me every time
here's what she's done so far I've done
all the gluing and she's basically just
telling me where to put everything I
love it you did such a good job picking
everything out
got the trench all dug guys check it out
went straight through these trees right
here gonna drive his tractor since he's
not here Park it over there gonna go
drive it yeah no you could drop by
yourself OSHA I have one of those you
guys remember yesterday I came out here
and I was overwhelmed but now like after
I started to get going I'm like the
opposite I'm like super pumped and
motivated and like ready to take all
this work on your came here buddy you
sure yes look at me
let me see your face I did not do a good
job walking today with the amount of
work I did I feel so triggered proud of
the things I did put it in two hydrants
or faucets up responses to cold hydrants
I didn't know that okay now I do I put
two of them up today I have the water
and we have water hooked up to the
trailer now the water's connected from
the supply line up there it goes into
the house and supply in the house now
but that's really exciting to be able to
have just water out there so some
spur-of-the-moment just feel so good to
be challenging myself like this I didn't
think it was possible for me honestly
but obviously it is and if I could do
this kind of plumbing you guys seen my
previous plumbing work huge spell but
this time it looks really pretty
I'll show you guys tomorrow morning they
get to say tonight because I've just
been so busy so wrapped in what I'm
doing and I was trying to get it done
tonight because he's come back in the
morning to bury at all thanks for
hanging out with us today guys so we'll
catch you guys tomorrow don't forget and
we love you and remember love each other
awkward it's really funny
first hey right crystal are you supposed
to be a scientist
well you okay
