pretty much done a little bit more
touch-ups we got to make our plates and
stuff so before that I want to just give
you a little hint actually the big hint
on what the big shocker is going to be
mmm
Nia broke up with me one time my sister
by the same number the same yard
world
in this together perhaps to be
Valentine's Day kiddos hear symphonies
Valentine's outfit pink boots white
leggings peep dress with arrows and
hearts and flowers and a white blossom
me shirt and cute little pigtails and a
tongue that's sticking out all the time
hey it's Annie hi Annie happy
Valentine's Day so we are getting ready
to take the kids to be Beau's house
because today is the salmony a
Valentine's Day special mmm that's
bright and it's hot out look I'm wearing
short shirt so stay tuned we're going to
drop them off when we get back home
we're going to get started on our
special and it's going to be pretty fun
I'm really looking forward to it eat
cupcake cupcake Valentine cupcakes
this is Abraham's Valentine's Day outfit
it's a little Love Machine with a little
robot on it doesn't get cuter than that
and of course a fuzzy head as always and
no pants
hey yeah with the pen was legs and
here's Nia's Valentine's Day outfit
SuperDuper hot pink yes super mission
with kind of an Aztec top one-piece
dress here she's wearing a symphony
necklace with a little angel wing
Anthony Pearl Symphony pearl yeah a
little pearl on there and her hair she
straightened her hair today no makeup
yet no not yet
well you look as beautiful as ever so
Andrews Val ten day outfit a white
t-shirt and some black basketball shorts
Sonia asked me last night she said how
do I wrap up the cupcakes without
smashing him getting in the frosting
everywhere I see you gonna make a little
tent over it with the foil I was halfway
kidding but here she is this is what she
did she made a tent isn't that cute this
guy's excited would be selling flowers
out here
hey guys so welcome to our Valentine's
date night special
be my Valentine from here blue apron
ship oh yeah you we're in here cooking
up a meal cold chicken chicken schnitzel
so this is blue apron they send you a
box with all the fresh ingredients to
your door we have fresh lemons whole
grain Dijon mustard flour panko
breadcrumbs we have with our names on
both the use onion vinegar
scallion whoa that was all honey Dijon
mustard and we have cabbage parsley
chicken and our prepared horseradish
this is what the stuff looks like when
it comes to us in the box and it's all
perfectly portioned out then you got
this little card here and it has
ingredients here get on the back and
have six simple instructions so right
now we have a we're cooking our potatoes
I'm getting ready to kick up with the
sauerkraut so for a special we want to
talk to you guys and open up a little
bit about our hash we're gonna get deep
with you guys and we all want to do all
you want to do but let's see what
happens here
yo
so movie you're making on sauerkraut I
didn't realize sauerkraut wasn't its own
vegetable so it's like several
vegetables he's over there laughing well
sauerkraut mainly cabbage that's another
cool thing about this blue everything
you get these are like real chef put
these together like legit chef so
learning experience it makes it really
fun to have it all together for you so
our sauerkraut was looking good so far
grating the chicken here first you dip
it in some flour and once you're done
with the flour you transfer it to this
mustard and water mixture oh yeah then
you transfer it over to the breadcrumbs
you stick perfectly there are some
Finnish ones over there look great
how do you know tannaz are cooked these
cooked guys may be overcooked I don't
know we have shared 11 Valentine's Day
together this is our 11th so every
Valentine's Day I get me an additional
row so this year it's 11 roses and every
year you give them to me in a different
way this year I woke up to them on the
stove awaiting me before breakfast last
year I was really sick Lesure don't
really remember but sometimes these like
trails along throughout the house
so awesome this is cooking guys we're
going to cut to a clip of us bathing
Symphony one of the first times we Bay
sent me it's so cute I came across it I
got share with you guys it was done in
this very same scene so enjoy that guys
cooking here
daddy baking the vein
don't think it's supposed to turn the
mashed potatoes I think it's push them
more than like this
Oh
no scallion bur onions yeah I want to
turn them call something else the little
green things whatever I'm not doing it
either chides all right that's what I
was gonna become what's the difference
between chives and skelling the sarong
was thinking okay I love scallions on
the white parts of the onion and the
chive with the green part oh my gosh oh
here's the finished place guys my gosh
it's so delicious look at this chicken
look how beautiful a chicken is I put
the sauerkraut on top of my chicken are
you going through I think I'm going to
but I want to try it without it first so
we want to think blue apron again for
this delicious meal for sponsoring our
Valentine's Day special yeah and if you
guys want some check out the description
below you can get two free meals on your
first blu-ray print order for free so
yeah check in the description box and
there's a link there your first two
orders of blue apron are free so the
story now guys it goes something like
this that was in college I was a pretty
flirtatious guy and I just was not sure
about me and I
there was just something in my head that
said I'm tying myself down to early and
that I had met the right person for me
to early B even said to me during a
fight one time you're the girl for me
just not right now
Wow ladies really during that same
period of time I got really lazy in our
relationship
I started flirting with other women and
neo basically got fed up with it
basically I just I broke up with him
thinking that that would kind of get his
attention but at the same time I myself
wasn't sure anymore I'm just like this
is how it's gonna go like is this really
like what we're gonna do for the rest of
our lives
she broke up with me and it hit me so
hard I mean real hard the saddest part
of my life by far was when he broke up
with me I remember just like the world
just like had a greatness to it and as
it was cloudy and foggy in the world was
just just so horrible tries to be after
that it only lasted three days the brick
had lasted three days obviously we got
back together I feel like I definitely
needed that in order for a relationship
to be where it is now I think it was
definitely necessary for her to break up
with me because you know you it's like
that phrase you never know what you got
tell is gone I really didn't I didn't
realize what I had until she left me
that I was like I had it all what what
the heck was I thinking and so I started
the process of getting her back she left
college that day now I was walking a
classic she came walking out of another
building with another guy that was a big
part of it I guess there's a friend
somebody she just started talking to
start on Scott right away he saw a
vulnerable girl and he jumped on is what
happened but she came walking out of the
building and I remember being in math
class and I was sick to my stomach
it was literally painful for me to see
her walk if I go to the teacher mr.
Stamper uses my algebra teacher
newspaper he said I sick I said I'm sick
I gotta go and I just got up and left
you guys what sick of me like no just
not feeling good I just took off stormed
Kourtney's house
how do I know you're a court yourself
you followed me he saw me leaving the
school early got inside knocked on the
door of course went upstairs and she was
on the phone with the guy I was furious
after we kind of settled it there are
things kind of simmered down at that
point we went out to your car and talked
and just discussed everything we
discussed how I've been feeling she is
wondering why I want to get back with
her all of a sudden after I was so sure
I didn't want to be her any more of this
and that but the next day I drove to her
house and I brought her flowers and I
begged her to forgive me and to take me
back I was outside and he do you
remember Michaela I walked up to the
backyard he walked up through the
backyard holding this big thing of
flowers and I don't know he just said
all the right things and made eye
I always can see in Sam's eyes when he
really means something it's not that
he's lying all the other times but it
just means like you don't have to worry
I am going to fix this or do what I'm
saying to do and that's the look you had
in your eyes and I just it was kind of
like a dream come true I don't know if
but like okay this is the man that I
want to marry okay getting teary-eyed
over here so then I drove off and I just
went back drove back home out of go
school or something but I just remember
the world looks so different
okay and it was also you guys know such
a jerk but it was awesome birthday which
day third day day that we got back
together was his birthday we have a clip
of my birthday that day oh yeah that's
really a little bit of me in there and a
little bit Nia but Eric is singing me a
birthday song I think he knew I have
been upset and I even put on a suit for
my birthday because I was feeling so
good and he was back in my life yeah we
got back together the world was a
brighter place and it has been ever
since
you're so good
oona sheriff chocolate strawberries
giddy adder but guys thanks for coming
along with us today we hope to share
more with you guys in the future like
open up to you guys and get you guys
really get into who we are as a couple
and as individuals but guys don't forget
have a happy Valentine's Day or I hope
you did we love you and remember to love
each other
mm-hmm happy Valentine's Day
no you did not not look like a real cook
down here
yeah there we go they're here kiss me
get it on me no he got me back
