you are my sister
made by the same guy loved by the Savior
got to give love
where I won't
in this together one guys
this morning he was like a little
calendar in a farm rounding everybody up
in Rosso man you should see how this
morning get outta bed honey got me by
the neck pulled me out of there just
grab the kids come on that's gonna be a
productive day everybody out of bed get
out you're out of the home by 10:30 and
that's still later than I wonder no you
guys want to see my outfit of the day
for Valentine's Day party outfit of the
day blue and orange no it is not blue
and orange coral coral I'm not a writer
the pants in the world these are not the
pants underwear but mainly the top
resume of it is the Valentine's Day inch
part good morning buddy
hey he's in a good mood we're starting
off for a day with giving out some
donations here we got a whole trunk
again full of donations this boxes full
of books I got a life photography book
here michael crichton I used to read
it's the book overdose of nursing school
pretty good book about medical field
more photography books guitar books the
art of Maryland you just different books
in here well it's their banana about my
door andrew has a donation here - what
do you got bud just closed so this is a
books and crannies place here in taro
we've never actually meant it before but
we had the box of books we thought we'd
donate we're just looking around what
they looked at our books if they're
interested in keeping him because like
somebody was in yesterday looking for a
baby name book we donated the baby name
book we bought when I was pregnant
symphony there's a couple of them in
there is there
yeah oh cool yeah so oh she said son
became looking fish she was happy to
have that one did you find a seat like
the turtle
leave that leather turtle what is that a
stool sit on it let's see is it
comfortable thank us is the seat hey we
do that chair man
can you put that back please we had a
cat in the box now so what do you think
do you guys want these books I'll sell
them yeah okay cool
does my trusty rhyming dictionary nice
to write songs oh did you I still do her
once a while but this was when wouldn't
have internet available yeah
now those rhyming dictionaries all over
the Internet this used to be an old
movie theater to have a theater back
here I don't know
oh wow look at all the seats ya have a
movie tonight
- Friday nights a month whoa
oh these are comfortable seats - oh cool
you don't know what you're playing
tonight oh okay so they're all classic
movies Oh like old black-and-white okay
silent films yeah we played once out
first favor for showing this doodle a
storage this this is so cool little nook
in the city
so here's books and crannies guys this
is what it looks like on the outside I
think it was like nineteen dollars of
credit for the store so we can come back
later and get some books we're trying to
donate them but if you want to do it it
said here you're so credit y'all come by
book so we're going to go donate the
clothes and other stuff that we have at
the Terrell State Hospital need help
with donations for Community Relations
open box and pick up phone
he's doing all the work just kidding we
got a lot of bags it's the last two so
they have a garage so every first
Thursday of the month and all the money
they get from it goes to the hospital
and the patients and then they give all
the best of the best items to the action
to the patients
thank you thank you she helped us unload
it all so for those of you who don't
know what Terrell state hospital is is a
lot of you aren't from around here it's
a hospital here in our town for
psychiatric patients and those with
mental disability it's neat learning a
little bit about our town today we
learned a place where we can go have
some old-fashioned date nights and
somewhere we can take our stuff too now
that time is over for everyone including
mommy and daddy and so it's time to play
outside Wow
where's daddy take us to Daddy you
literally just got out of the bed like
but five minutes ago not even and he's
running what are you doing in here okay
how's it going out here what are you
making in the wall
Sam's got some notches yeah she's
awesome Rogers here to fitness
oh shut up in there okay all right Annie
girl come down the slide
okay Symphony it's your turn
hey you guys so we went to the PIO box
today and we got one package and it said
that it was to Nia and it's from the
Roland rant oh they didn't know what oh
my gosh I can't believe they sent me one
of these the girls from the Rowland
ranch like the mom and her daughters I
believe make these infinity scarves look
how gorgeous this is I mean you guys
just can't even see the gorgeousness all
the rolling girls have been very busy
for getting ready for the vibe talent
show Bonita scarves handmade with love
at the Rowland ranch so $30 and all
proceeds will help Santa roll into
summer camp
oh my gosh you see those eyes dad dad
man today he has so much trouble napping
Nia went out to go to pick up some stuff
for Sandy's baby shower and I went into
three different times to Pat his back to
sleep he's that was so much trouble he
looked really sick was he sick before
you left
yes am I gonna call a couple of days
it's our last night so I guess it kind
of got one year I'm gonna watch Tiffany
got sleepy how you doing over there kid
great food good we're gonna make
Valentines cupcakes and take some to my
parents tomorrow because they're
watching the kids while we have our
special Valentine's Day hey anything you
guys this is so crazy
Abram is to the age where he wants to be
up here helping us now and I'm just like
ripping my hair out while I'm trying to
bake because this this right here see
him he just randomly will stand in the
chair oh goodness gracious sit down baby
crazy
scary
yeah you guys eyes watering guys you
don't from tears you guys it's not tears
so tomorrow we're supposed to have a
Valentine's Day special and we're gonna
bring the fiddle the Bevo's house so it
doesn't look like it's gonna work out
very good we'll see what happens
hopefully he'll be better by tomorrow
night
hey buddy Lucchese do viewers look good
i won walk dad one of all you look
another one's roaming you owe your way
dad look at Andy poor Annie so
mistreated so uncomfortable
I'm so sorry Annie what's going on in
here Oh
so they're all filled and then I guess
you just decorate the top of it yet my
friend Emily had her own keiki baking
business for a while there no my friend
Tessa does I always think about them
when I'm doing stuff like this
how much Brady that would be nine Victor
Brady bent-over yummy cookie watch em
Wrangler star back there do you want a
bite Symphony
oh no she already had a bath there is
found it yeah there's that middle
viewers today I'm getting her I'm making
daddy as a prize by making the prayer
special and the song special you just
blew the surprise huh all right guys
we'll come back tomorrow for a
Valentine's Day special like we said
we're going to open up a little bit
about our past and we'll take a couple
things that probably come as a shock to
love you guys but until then don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
