symphonie I can't find build-a-bear can
you find it where's build-a-bear help me
find it
Oh
mr. Morris today we're gonna eat
Valentine pancakes for breakfast and
buddy's gonna try to make big a heart
shape pancake yes doesn't even say what
we need uh water
sighs just add water Bobby smell the
batter it smells delicious lies about
the batter
okay they're cooking on our griddle give
me nice and pink they're all ready to
eat and of course you have blueberries
on the side
Happy Valentines breakfast everyone you
can find these at your local grocery
store for like a dollar they're really
yummy
somebody just woke up welcome back to
the world buddy
yeah yeah Rachel first one hour later
guys were here this is where my sister
works in this building
I've never been here before I'm not even
sure where she does really I know she
works there's like a office admin or
something or another but we'll see we're
kind of surprising her for lunch it's
the front desk let's go find her come on
all right
pictured Armani Kearney
oh but when she saw it she said whoa
need to cover that grant rate see Rachel
it might work in a cubicle I thought you
worked behind like a front desk or
something yeah um the other girl does
cuz she is because we're a national
account okay get over here shy oh he's
actually really shy I can't find built a
bear can you find it
where's build a bear
help me find it this is my Valentines
present to Symphony Gomez Symphony good
are you don't Ines de for Symphony go
get the kitty neighbor in the doggy
Avram here's your doggy skin here your
doggy spoon it's a flat dog
we can watch your kitty be filled up
this your first millionaire
you got heart behind the beating heart
somebody had a great idea coming up with
this thing let's go teddy bears George
please stop being charged with the
accessories trust with her but so naked
and then secondly close to double the
price what you do is you want this kid
you to be big and strong right
aren't you to rub it on your muscles
fast phenomena once you're good hold it
right here here forehead and make a wish
anything you want in the world a baby
sister
picking out an outfit now did you find
one you like someone worked here for 15
like this one alright go look around
look at this cool there's all the
princesses on her shirt
well well well you want to turn her into
Elsa or on here's the harm ever found a
little walking bed over here it got your
real dog just wasn't good enough isn't
theirs miniature those are awesome
Sydney you want to know fine
Stephanie likes the Minnie Mouse outfit
you're sort of little ears Sydney this
is the dressing room okay this is where
you got to dress your kitty yet okay so
when you pick out alpha and you're not
sure about it we could try it on her
before you bite it okay doing a good job
do you like it okay it's a bracelet I
think it's for her life she's a wedding
there yeah you don't wanna okay let's
put it back we'll throw something else
are you gonna try that on now is that
her dress she's gonna wear a dress she
needs panties to wear I'm good okay so
let's put her panties on first first if
we got her granny panties on she where
did try more clothes and her tails
coming off the backseat just like any
diapers
Sydney's having a lot of trouble
choosing what you want to get but that's
okay because that's what's going to make
this memory a car
so we're taking a sweet time and making
this a little experience but rather than
just buying something and either why not
is she gonna sleep in ass cuz you're
gonna sleep with her you want something
more soft than this what about that is
that something up to sleep with symphony
feel that it's kind of cute look at that
one you like that let's go try it on let
me put on her
poor Symphony she's kind of not feeling
good today just don't fun baby oh wow
cool can I see me Ellie show me her
outfit Oh sister that's beautiful
see what she looks like in the car no
she's a play car just for fun just a
suit she looks like driving yeah like on
the way to ballet
oh okay with My Little Ponies on skates
over here these are cute
oh you got to get a leash for your kitty
maybe they're gonna get leashes
ghovat Erica happy Valentine's Day
sweetie
you know Valentine's Day is all about
it's about expressing your love to the
people that you love the most and that's
how I miss Krista my love to you I'm
giving you a gift because I love you so
much
okay so every time you look at your
kitty so every time you look at your
kitty I want you remember that I love
you okay
it was so hard to keep a straight face
that little purchasing Symphony's
build-a-bear stuff that young guys like
so you're getting a two tuna t-shirt and
the panties
yep if you could find a way to sell
something and make it an experience at
the same time you'll be banking that's
really where the money's at experiences
and purchases at the same time I'm just
walking Abram here I need to go shopping
for some clothes
take the penny so that's what
Valentine's Day for symphony we took her
got her some treats she got the little
bear we're gonna do a special
Valentine's Day on Valentine's Day we're
gonna have a special with me Nia and
we're gonna open up about our
relationship our past tell you guys a
couple stories that you guys are going
to be pretty shocked to hear through
this right and we're just gonna have a
little romantic special we're gonna get
a babysitter for someone to watch the
kids for us on Valentine's Day you know
has two cute Valentine's dates and then
we're gonna cook dinner together and
just have a good night with just each
other and with you guys something in the
mail came for you toosha grader here you
go
open it up oh what a Valentine for our
princess needs a special touch hey puppy
puppy hi puppy what do you say to bebo
thank you my mom and dad are so cute
they always give us Valentines like I
always got Valentines for my parents
growing up and now they always do stuff
with my kids I think that is so sweet
they're just so hands-on oh my gosh look
at that cute card my mom so knows me it
says family makes your heart feel hugged
just sleeping in their panties yeah she
undressed of her bed she needs PJs
next time we go get is get on Kitty did
you name her
what was her name me are we well honey
you change your mind you know like meow
II well I do but I won't even name
you know what would you like to name one
hi hearty hearty like hearty hearty ha
ha I'm went through some old pictures
and videos getting ready for our
Valentine's Day special that's what I've
been doing tonight and I'm Symphony we
love you
me and mommy love you very much love you
so much
come in my bed for a little bit I can
let her cut it in a bakery a little baby
okay all right guys we'll have a good
night
good day thanks for coming along to us
again we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget we love you
I don't remember love each other
