go try mom oh my god your flapjacks no
you did not
oh my goodness turn around turn around
there's a little bear whole bear cheeks
and you open them up my brother you are
my sister
made by the same guy
but a stay with
to give love
and this together it was the kids guys
making a mess nothing new here at the
Ritter house
how's everybody doing today I have been
working on it pre-employment paperwork
and all this different tutorials online
and videos complaints training hey be
nice he hasn't been out of bed since
this morning it's 2 o'clock she's been
sick throwing up and I've been up with
kids trying to take care of all this
pain point stop your pain burner give me
that huh
what was that feeling full right there
who put that there
thank you there's one more this is my
mate for lunch slash dinner I don't know
what's going on right now sigh three
o'clock I'm just trying to keep him
happy
hey pretty happy mommy's up now so what
happened honey I was just so sick I was
dizzy nauseated I had like a pounding
headache
I was gonna explode like Jared if I'm
like got it to go for a lab and like my
head was pounding so hard it like went
black in my eyes for a minute like I
blacked out or anything it just like I
couldn't see first thing it is
ridiculous I've never had all three of
those symptoms at the same time that
sounds a whole lot like morning sickness
tomatoes no close annex explosive
diarrhea boom oh sorry so she said re
hey vomiting dizziness
and braxton-hicks contractions Oh what
do you want to hear I'm making me a ball
outfit what outfit a bowl of it this is
the gown is there ha have to turn
yourself into yarn a ball yarn yeah then
I get one in head I twirl it around
honey what are you doing doing everyone
did my ball you heard she's seriously
gonna want for me give me two hours to
window there's not even that was it goes
over there : that goes all the way over
there like she won't wind it all up look
how far I've gotten just since you
started walking he said hey can you show
her where she has more yarn at it's
underneath that box over there
underneath that box I think some lights
I do want something else cuz oh he's
stopping what light no I gotta have my
four bucks at home because of cool
he loves me it is are like clappy gosh I
love something so cute it's obvious
booyakasha
you guys want to see what I'm watching
it's really interesting you made each of
those this returns values and culture
each of us must also commit to doing the
right thing the first time and every
time
that's what's been always needed I gotta
watch this video no one has the
authority to truly understand from these
standards doing the right thing also
means standing up yet soup's on Mexican
food take out my little wacky here I
search for this husband never to see yes
okay kick all day I tried to take you
away mostly took her inside my - but
yeah
Dave stop screaming we're talking over
here you in her suit I got you in bail
are you in here everybody come in
come on Abram you too buddy send a
circle here just a couple little things
okay don't get too excited
come here Abram go stay with mommy come
a little bit harder these might be a
little bit too small for something but I
got them for we'll see if they fit the
monster slippers try them on see if they
fit your stay those oh they are yeah man
what a bummer
that's so frustrating put it on a broom
here a broom will fit you for sure then
I got a neutral colors the cases
happened it's okay there's for the house
I don't mind my somewhere in pink dendup
apron Oh nobody likes your slippers
slippers a present pail yeah all right
I got this for me but all you guys open
it whew that is so nice oh cool I love
it leave it inside I'm gonna buy myself
a mug before can't wait to drink out of
it first time buying a mug good tomorrow
it is really nice I love the way know
something interesting those of you are
into fashion Matt anything is really
popular right now like that mug in your
finger knows nothing Matt Matt on your
paint like your fixtures in your house
and so like that it's pretty fashionable
and trendy right now alright this is the
other thing I got you open it open it
open what is that huh
what uh what is that since me no huh
this is a Colorado tree it's a blue
spruce tree
it's a seed kit we're going to plant it
tomorrow
and to see it well there's dirt in there
and there's a seed so we can't open we
got open outside why plant a tree do you
know why you should plant trees let me
tell you why
animals need trees trees shade and cool
the cool people and they cool animals
trees produce oxygen do you know what we
breathe we breathe oxygen go try mom oh
my god flapjacks oh you did my oh my
goodness good all right cuz mommy okay
ha ha that's adorable
why no I love it
no yeah I really do so how I wanted them
like this hey turn around let's see the
back oh oh jeez the bear cheek those are
so cute oh my gosh you look so hot so
cute Abram look your mommy look at mommy
I saw two guys like him see him cookie
touch him yeah I really I was like wow
there's a pocket in the back there's a
pocket in the back let's open the pocket
up your honor let's open it she didn't
know the pocket in the back was for she
thought of something Alice's so you can
go to the restroom me yeah that's cool
take them all something I wish I had
that on my belly of it uh why because I
only get coated I have to take it off oh
hey you're stepping on my phone dude
Sears talking to you yeah
Tiffany's sick too is a little cultured
and sniffing and seasoned all day okay
just take a big drink enjoy the rest of
it okay that's it for today um it's kind
of a really simple to kind of a maybe
blow up today this is a real lazy day
for all of us but um don't forget guys
we love you no matter how much you
disagree with how we take care of our
dog we do love you and I just want to
say thank you know those of you have
been really encouraging about Andy
because it's really refreshing when
you're reading like hate hate hate hate
love hate hate hate hate love and some
refreshing you have that little loving
thanks guys and don't forget to love
each other tomorrow we're taking
Symphony dovabear for Valentine's Day
yeah and we're gonna go have lunch with
it right yeah and I think hey if they're
doggies I'm gonna make every dime
