we're lost now we're breaking out the
map we don't have any signal out here so
there's no way to get in contact with
them are you sure we didn't come through
this tunnel this is a tunnel we just
went to remember justify i-70 we were
just paralyzed then we just came across
now we're headed this way
by the same guy
by the same
we've got to give
Oh
and this together good morning guys it's
a wonderful day here in Vail Colorado
Mike and I got up a little bit late this
morning we came here at the Comfort Inn
because they offer a continental
breakfast and what did we miss this
morning that's right so we're gonna go
eat some breakfast and then after that
we're gonna head to snowmobiling they're
gonna take us or we're gonna take
ourselves up to the top of the Rockies
gives like my new hairstyle for today
it's kind of ridiculous from the side
but I'm trying it out some of you have
been really sweet and sending me
messages and comments on my Instagram
photos just offering me condolences and
best wishes while I'm alone at home
without staying with the kids for a few
days and so I just thought I would talk
to you guys a little bit about how I
feel about my husband and really
supporting his hobbies and why that's
important and you know how we've managed
to do it here in our house breakfast
can you guys guess what this is that's
chicken fried steak with chili green
chili with the eggs hash browns on a
biscuit yeah it's not a stupid drop as I
thought it was but really pretty scenery
out here I decided this drive is so cool
I'm out my GoPro right here on the hood
you guys a cool shot of us going up
these mountains really try to support
Sam's hobbies I always have and I think
it's really important that as wives and
women we really take the time to
encourage our husbands hobbies and their
endeavors and really get excited with
them you know God designed men to want
to conquer the world and to leave their
mark on it
I'm just so pumped to do this man I'm so
excited
Michael's getting his GoPro already this
is another GoPro device he made don't
steal his idea guys okay please but um
I'm so excited I'm just so grateful that
he allowed me to come out here
Sonia thank you so much for letting me
come out I know it wasn't easy seem to
go for four days if we're kind of
squandering those dreams or we're not
being supportive or kind of brushing it
off maybe we're jealous I don't know
what you personally might be feeling or
whatever but you know it's just really
important that we really drive into
their hobbies with them so at the last
minute we decided upgrade we're getting
the better snowmobile it's like a
two-stroke and it's made for off trail
they suggested we stick you the one
that's four on trail but yeah what's
your name man max hi max welcome to the
vlog what's happening tell these guys
what to do what not to do where to go
don't do that here one thing that can be
really beneficial from supporting your
spouse's hobbies is that it gives them
their identity it helps them to just
like still be themselves and not just be
a husband just be a dad or that are the
nurse or whatever your husband might do
first things first
big red button is your kill switch up is
on down is off a machine will never
start if this is down all right bro here
we go
starts up we're ready to play in that
white mud
this is so much funner you turn this off
so you hear me you hear water running
down these rocks this is so much funner
and so much scarier than the thought is
gonna be Michael is no snow in here Wow
awesome oh I can't wait
hope a train doesn't come look at this
this was built by man can you just see
all the people with wagons and shovels
and picks and dynamite in here Wow this
is just it's important for us to have
time to ourselves and to really just
dive into what makes us us think about
the man that you fell in love with he
was that man because he had for so long
been on his own discovering himself
finding himself and hopefully diving
into the hobbies that he was interested
in and we tend to get away from that
once we become parents especially and we
have careers we tend to kind of get away
from our hobbies but especially if
you're married to someone who doesn't
get a lot of fulfillment out of the
workplace it's very important that you
allow them that time to themselves this
has been so worthless so far how do I
share it on the blog but we got stuck
immediately like as soon as we took off
we both went to some deep deep snow and
got stuck both of us
is this not exhilarating like wow it's
so risky click our closest ledges you
only have about 5 feet clearance off to
these mountains and it is not easy
maneuvering these things not nearly as
easy as I thought
you have to use her body hidden really
leaning to just steer the thing
Michael's getting his GoPro ready before
you go to the tunnel no I can't useless
oh oh gonna need your helicopter it's
broke the end-to-end broke Oh both of
them
it's just really important to make sure
that your husband or wife knows that you
validate their dreams that you think
that they are gonna conquer that dream
and they're gonna make the most of it no
matter what they end up doing guys you
got to see this this would have been the
perfect exploration location for a
symphony and I look at this it's an old
mining Factory
it's so awesome look at the old
buildings do little mills the girl that
wouldn't have built up all the way to
the top of that mountain look at this
all the way up there you see the mines
right there I've never seen a door
calling my name as much as this one look
at the door down there I want to go in
there so mysterious it's so hard to
leave
as I'm sitting here thinking about him
being off snowboarding and the different
hobbies he's had over time you know it
could be something minor that you guys
are working on in your house or maybe
it's not necessarily your husband's
hobby but he's trying to get something
done around the house he doesn't want to
hire someone in to do it you know I
encourage you women to just really build
them up no matter how good or bad the
project might be going because they need
that from you guys were a little bit
lost we don't know if you're supposed to
ride and mud on these things the
snowmobiles we came to this point here
and we're just confused they did not
mention us having to drive on mud or
anything well I see snowmobile tracks
coming right into here Michael what
there's definitely tracks
anyways I am just super glad that my
husband is out fulfilling his dream of
snowboarding for this year him and
Michael have been talking about
snowboarding for so long and more than
just the snowboarding aspect of it I am
so glad that Sam is it getting to spend
some time with his twin brother
this is the downside of snowmobiling as
an amateur it's hard to judge the
terrain stuck out there the risky thing
about taking mine back in there and
saving him is that what if I get stuck
out there too then there's no way for us
to get back so Sam I miss you I can't
wait to see you tomorrow he comes home
tomorrow you guys I'm so excited
Symphony has talked about nothing else
then mark it off her calendar and going
to the airport tomorrow
she is so ecstatic and int I can't wait
to kiss that man up we're lost now we're
breaking out the map we don't have any
signal out here so there's no way to get
in contact with them are you sure we
didn't come through this tunnel this is
a tunnel we just went to we're justify
i-70 we're just pro I said we just came
across no we're headed this way I'm
trusting Mike he knows what he's talking
about he's a marine and they taught him
all about maps and right yep we need a
company there's Annie she joined me in
the woodshop she missed his Sam a lot
too I had a horrible allergic reaction
to Annie this morning like my eyes
swolled up swolled swelled up and it was
like glazed over which is kind of what
happens to me when I get around Kat and
my throat was like I'm getting kind of
like swollen my face was itching I was
like wanting to call my face off so
luckily we were headed out of the house
that when that started happening I'm all
better now if the babies are away for
now we're gonna go play outside and
we'll see you let's go see Annie outside
come on we made it back we're supposed
to be back with five little weight but
not late now for a search and rescue not
late enough for me to come out five 1500
Matt we were speeding back man I was
like we're not gonna pay for that search
time they're caught they charge $100 an
hour come search for us we went all up
this mountain that's where we were
we were lost he said we went territory
we weren't supposed to be in over there
was all that Factory but he gets stuck a
few times that's for sure ya know in the
handlebar we probably spent the last
hour trying to figure out where we were
we ended up on highway 24 I was waved
down traffic asking which way is Nova
guides where do we go
thanks max awesome guys your machines
are all good you're good to go go inside
talk to Erica and some hot cocoa yeah
definitely a minute just to hot cocoa
time guys that was definitely like risky
and just like exhilarating and just an
adrenaline rush right here like time
rush yeah that was when I was in tears
man - making it back safely
as this weather is just like insanely
beautiful it's hard to imagine Sam and
snow and all bundled up wearing vests
and sweaters and hats and stuff and I'm
just like practically need to go change
into a tank top and shorts it's hot out
here today well that's it for the day
guys that was a very thrilling
experience exhausting
I'm gonna say goodbye now thanks for
coming along with us again today guys
tomorrow morning we're going back home
so Mike I think this is your goodbye oh
I guess tomorrow you could say goodbye
yeah any last words bro thanks for
coming with us today too bad you guys
can come snowboarding with us there was
enough room for like two of you guys
doing this supporting thing about this
trip was we didn't make it to the top of
the mountain he was telling us how
amazing the top looks you can see like
something written in one of the top of
the mountains sky guy it's cold sky
mountain this cold Scott is naturally
written in there somehow I'm not sure
but anyway goodbye snow goodbye guys
don't forget we love you and remember
love each other
