how many days left
to live
we've got to give
in this together morning everybody
happy Sunday morning oh we got to go to
church but there really is a hit thing
in the area so I did a really cool to
vote for someone else here with you guys
later on so we're part of second a
snowboard this is our last day tomorrow
we're going to do something a little bit
different
we're gonna go snowmobiling we have yet
to do that yet okay we've made it
through Church me and Sandino hubby's
with four kids and it went really good
right we have four kids this is what
we're up against on day two of
snowboarding I was really hoping for
some snow today but looks like that's
not gonna happen and the downside of
that is you got a lot harder slope we
are here at Courtney's new pad everyone
put your socks and shoes on okay she
just moved into this place over the
weekend so we came to check it out there
she is herself like it so flat very cute
how do you like it so far I just saw
someone coming with the kid about 30
minutes to get there from our car the
real reason we came here it's time to
get to work alright you have that box
that box in that box go ahead unpack Hey
go ahead
first the lay of the day Michaels card
isn't working this carp is passed it's
not working so I'm gonna go up without
him Mike I'll see you up there okay wait
just kidding bro lose the slopes today
guys it is so sunny out here and
actually really hot the benefit of that
is it makes the snow a lot softer
this weekend only shoot the win GoPro
Hero for this weekend only guys this
changes everything for us seen this
before going up to the top of the
mountain now I need this view guys let's
just have something credible up here now
yet every time I go snowboarding is such
a good reminder at how small and how big
and powerful God is such an awesome
reminder and it's really cool because
this morning I read a devotion about the
strength and infinite power of God and
these mountains are just such a good
reminder I don't have this in Texas you
know so big creation I guess you could
say this is why you don't eat yellow
snow
that's why bathrooms right here potty
break look at the big kids
symphonie really wanted to go high but
she decided to be a trooper and a sweet
sister and go real low for Abram above
the icicles no one do something with a
snow monster getting this shot here I
guess I'll put Olaf and the little
tracks here right inside here mr. Olaf
so cool there we go yes one more day and
then we get to go to the airport and
pick up at the love of our lives we are
so excited can anybody guess what I'm
making
Samhain a few times I know baked
chocolate oatmeal cookies with peanut
butter and me and Symphony are excited
and we are ready to bake or not bake I
guess you could say I ain't like three
or four times and we're really good
we've been snowboarding for about four
or five hours some need some pizza what
are you looking at right now artichoke
our tomatoes and grilled chicken
and basil sauce take a bite hard come on
do it real quick
foni Fester's 309 let's go we're gonna
make it scare poor time guys
stop letting people up at 3:30 high
right there we made it up to lifts this
could potentially be our last run for
the year Mike is that okay
I'm pretty sad I know I'm gonna be a
little bit pressed for the first like
two weeks of my life after I go home
surfs up bro is that what you say when
you go snowboarding yeah same thing yeah
so here we go what you're just gonna
walk around with the can you want to get
down
that's game game that was a really good
run tomorrow's a long march appearance
usually we have like a really good run
at the last time and like we got to go
back up one more time that ends up being
like our worst one yeah so it's kind of
nice ending in on a really good run I
took the worst Falls on that round - all
right goodbye Belle it was good
Oh headboards pretty sharp here
careful Mike should've told you before
you read well we just got back to the
hotel I think we're gonna hit the hot
tub
Mike yeah tomorrow I think we may go
ahead to Denver just to check out Denver
and they said there's an old mine
village on the way there that's pretty
cool check out so it's gonna check that
out and then all the way there well so
when it go snowmobiling what's so funny
nothing right now we're just cutting
video Michael's getting ready submitting
his footage I hit my chin roll hard
here's a shot of it right here
that gotta hurt you guys see that those
crazy wasn't it alright guys don't
forget we'd love you and remember to
love each other and honey I love you and
Symphony I love you and Abram I love you
little guy you get a little guy with big
dick
