look at the bill dog give my finite yeah
the same day
we've got
mom
and this together morning guys
I'm ready you ready I'm right Mike made
this really cool contraption for the
GoPro that attaches to the helmet it's
gonna get some really cool shots so they
put the GoPro inside of there and it's
on a swivel this would were swivels
around on the helmet wire board it's
gonna be really interesting to use good
morning everyone
everyone's clicking at some breakfast
he's making eggs over here and he's got
some kind of cereal combo going on over
here whoa we got a board in the truck
this is what we're driving you guys
wanna see what we're driving the
draining of Mazda it's a pretty nice car
we had kind of a free upgrade because
they didn't have snowboard racks so they
give us a bigger car to fit our
snowboards we're trying to save 30 bucks
by parking on the road for free I'm
waiting for a bus but we've been here
for 20 minutes
I'm ready to get up there on the
mountain alright so we lift our spot we
thought we were going to go park
somewhere but the parking fools so we're
at another bus stop it's been really
frustrating I'm just like really
frustrated right now
we've been waiting around for about an
hour now we're waiting for a lady to
bring us tickets we bought our tickets
on Craigslist for like $100 disc
pretty nice the weather's great out here
it's actually I'm actually pretty hot
lose my breath cuz I'm just so
what you talking to them
hurt right there yeah this family
realize now now I see him yeah yeah you
guys look at the bill dog you're my
finite bill dog right here yeah we
finally made it through the slurps guys
will throwing up on the gondola
so far so good I hurt myself once
actually I think I got on the GoPro
footage we'll see I was cutting in front
of this guy I guess and he didn't slow
down soon enough and his board cut me
right both of my shins I'm afraid to
even look at it because if it's bleeding
it's gonna hurt worse so this GoPro
mount up here it's really popular out
here we haven't been able to stop a
single time without having to explain it
to somebody that's some pretty wicked
footage those and guys you guys like
that it is amazing view amazing
I'm hand-holding my blogger right now
nobody are you done
this is what the helicopter helmet looks
like in action you guys gonna do it for
the day roof that was a good warm-up for
tomorrow or a good primer as Michael
committed why would you call it a
planner
what what would you call it a primer
it's something yeah okay it's so weird
when I ask people if they got
snowboarding and night and they tell me
no I'm just like I'm shocked to use it
because to me it's just like one of the
best things on this planet to do right
Mike would you agree for the best things
on the planet up there with surfing but
you guys know I like snow better
definitely me too
it's just so freeing being out here the
cold weather is just so refreshing and
ice and just going down the coast you
should get the flooring unless you're
wearing one of those flying squirrel
suits Michael had a great idea we're
going to make several of these we're
going to go back to the hotel room
construct about 50 of these and sell
them right outside the ski resort mouth
it's got to come ready-made thank you
pretty made man let's see if we can sell
this one person boots so this will go
may morning let's call it a helicopter
helmet hey II don't know kilo hello
maybe though hello hello hello
that's cruel my goodness what kind of
dog is that Newfoundland said American
dog yeah it looks like
Falkor from neverending story she's
awesome
April look at the doggy look at the
doggy Abram oh my gosh they get all that
drool hey buddy
the World Championship is one online now
it's a really tall T people getting
pictures in front of the countdown you
gotta see it to really appreciate it but
it's really cool see that it's the ski
trooper this is Val village this is
where it's at right here this is nice
little fire here come on viewers put
your hands in the show so I think we're
gonna go do pizza right at vendetta's
you want to I think that's the thing to
eat after you're snowboarding Mexican
food just wouldn't be real I'm gonna
keep it real we got to eat pizza to
snowboard we have all types of calories
and a touch of pepper on two pretty big
cars are going on tonight
howay are do you guys heard of them I've
heard you're pretty popular down
much chill now at Einstein
Oh
oh man we finally got out of there
that was pretty hectic so many people
are here just to see Oh a are looking
for a toy % me oh she loves this pin art
I've sent me if you're watching this are
you interested in this little monster
little snow monster Stephanie do you
like that maybe a broom well we have too
many stuffed animals oh how about a
unicorn purse no what is this Caroline
activity pad always reached for the
frozen item those trees those things
took a lot of work somebody put a lot of
time and energy in those trees check it
out guys battle wounds here his board
just came up with us oh it's swollen
it's so painful it's kind of deep oh
geez this was yesterday so here's today
will mark that day off it was day two
you wanna write it - here's Bennett -
looks like
good job do you want to count how many
days with your daddy contain - oh so how
many days until we see daddy your daddy
we're gonna prank call a reception stuff
so this is a guy he's gonna ask for the
username and password for the internet
and that guy he can't spell when he
tells him what it is yeah what's your
user name and password for the Wi-Fi
we're so bad at this get some users
comfort that's what you guessed I will
do go back then okay one second let me
put up our computer set whoops lost you
can't do it come on
we can do it okay so what's the password
for the Wi-Fi all right well that failed
anyway guys can I don't forget we love
you Mike do you love them too
yeah and I love each other
