what what baby
Yona Oh sweetie don't make me cry you
are my sister made by the same guy love
butter failure
to theirs
we've got to give Oh
in this together come on guys just
kidding ready I'm trying to wrecking my
brain here I feel like I'm forgetting
something
did you get a phone charger oh did it
turn charger hey sit down rod before
leaving he jumps beside a big puddle
hey don't push me little punk you ready
for a big trip you excited this is it uh
yeah
- lens coffee's here pop these awesome
simply you're bringing your princess
Barbie you get it all buckled up
yeah well you're not the one driving I'm
driving
long trip guys our next stop you will
find out
more about what we're doing you don't
know exactly but if you stay in the blog
you will know for sure what we're doing
by the end of the today's long scare my
doors opening
remember on full house when they were
stuck in the airport and one of the
characters on full house with one on the
baggage claim thing or he remember who
it was
do you remember which character was
nobody here's an applesauce oh thank you
I'll talk to on the floor sit here
you're gonna watch the vlog every day
I'm gonna talk to you guys on the blog
he does measure a squeezer okay about
this I just smash your little body hey
where's he going
get over here get over here look at him
ducking you knows he's being sneaky cuff
your daddy hug goodbye oh my gosh come
here everybody wants to go with me so
I'm the only one leaving leaving
everybody behind here in Texas and I'm
going to let's see when I get there oh
my goood it go it's only for a few days
four days I'm gonna miss you guys I'll
be back on Tuesday don't it - don't let
Tuesday bye bye
I love you Symphony don't cry baby
bye Abram finally
what what baby
Yona Oh sweetie don't make me cry even
make me cry oh hey I'm gonna be back
baby
so for example days your precious girl
is gonna miss me that much really have
fun with mommy and Abram okay and I'll
be back okay I love you so much yes the
little people that you wanted to green
nope I got him in my backpack
I'm gonna take pictures and send them to
you okay Olaf and the monster and Elsa
right okay be happy okay hey I'll be
back
bye sweetie I love you so much gosh
those adorable I can't move shoot right
after we found man I was too sweet hey
Andy just repeat P so guys with Sam
being away I have to fill up all this
free time with something I've decided
I'm going to refinish his shelf I got
some stuff at Hobby Lobby today I
actually found a shelf that was exactly
what we needed and guess how much it was
guys it was like $90 at Hobby Lobby and
Hobby mommy tends to have like more
inexpensive furniture things than I feel
like furniture places do so whatever I'm
going to be painting it this color and
adding some decoupage to it and I'm
really excited because the only time
I've ever worked with decoupage is when
I did like crosses and stuff for my
reads so we'll see how it turns out I'm
gonna start by painting it Symphony it's
gonna help me paint that is if she can
take a break from mowing the lawn oh oh
Abram she can take a turn and you'll get
it back oh dear Thank You Symphony that
was good sharing all right guys off I go
feels so strange not traveling with the
family I'm just so used to traveling
with them to remember the last time I
ever traveled alone but it's gonna be
fun with Mike and I miss Mia so much
already distance makes the heart grow
fonder right here we go
okay guys so this is phase one of our
project I've done the sides parts of the
inside and just basically all the edges
look at Abram what are you doing in
there buddy
she's my baby brother what's up little
brother how's it go man
you're the cozy what you doing hanging
out oh how cool is it that we got off
outside of number than that before I'm
sure you have in Hawaii
we already missed daddy so much and it's
only been a few hours I'm cleaning up in
the craft room and it's dinner time and
I'm trying to decide what I'm gonna have
for dinner and that just really makes me
miss Sam because usually I make dinner
based upon what I think he might be in
the mood for and I'm just like I have
all these recipes and you know
ingredients here to make and I'm not
gonna do that when he's not here there's
no point so here we are the Holiday Inn
in Vail Colorado Mike and I are going
snowboarding the winner of the little
guessing game that I played the other
day is let me see the winner is life
with the W's I guess it's a volume chain
or something just let me know if you're
interested in facetiming with us and
we'll get in contact we'll make that
happen so we're trying to find a hotel
here how Mike hi you're gassy dude he's
really gassy this hotel here is 409 or
300 a night we're gonna have to drive
during that's way to get a hotel that we
can afford but yeah so that's what we're
at at this point trying to find
somewhere to stay
Michael's trying to find snowboarding
gear waiting for a phone call and I need
some sleep my viewers may be more
personable hi viewers sorry he's so
antisocial some guys not true
hi guys never mind
he's really shy guys just goose um just
give him a little bit of time he'll warm
up a bit okay guys my high and low point
are kind of all wrapped into one the
high point of my day was waking up and
having Sam with me we were really cuddly
this morning because we knew we're gonna
see each other for a few days and then
the low point was definitely telling him
goodbye at the airport and it's cool I'm
so happy for him that he's getting gonna
go do that but I just missed him that's
all what was your high point buddy ha
saying hi Abram fell off of his rocking
horse while ago and he has a little
boo-boo on his chin I'm just gonna vouch
for that that was probably the low point
did you get a boo-boo
- boo-boo see that boo-boo guys Oh is he
showing it to you just totally tilt his
head up that's so sad
got plush and beautiful that is so we're
in a neighborhood now Michael's going to
pick up some gear he didn't have any
gear with him in Hawaii and this
neighborhood is incredible leave that
house behind me
forget that
what's really cool is they got some snow
last night so tomorrow the spells got
McKnight's and fresh for us too it feels
like this is my first time touching the
snow since I've been here I'm gonna
touch up my top hmm that's gonna be soft
for you yeah there's the soft snow
powder it's just like powder coal powder
those trees are so beautiful look at
those trees where I tried to get us one
key but Michael insisted on two queens
he obviously doesn't feel sorry for as
close as I think we are No
let's see what kind of truck they got
Mike you're gonna want to see this
toilet oh my god well quite close does
not have a cat a quiet close uh looks
like it's a man excessive never heard of
that kind of toilet 1.6 gpf now for the
most important test what is the refill
time one two three four
eleven seconds guys not very good not
very good at all Wow microwave looks
good refrigerator smells like Magic Chef
refrigerator smells like me ticket
Doggett's mask Nicholas
alright guys so frill now we're going to
go to bed it's pretty early it's only
6:30 but we were just so tired Michael
that getting any sleep last night I
barely got sleep Symphony Abram Nia I
miss you guys so much I love you guys
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other tomorrow the fun begins
though we're going to start snowboarding
tomorrow and then possibly the next step
we're going to go snowmobiling I've
never done that before so that'll be fun
alright guys see ya
