yeah morning little man did you have a
little morning bath morning bath time
for Abram
made by the same guy
to say
we've got to give
and this together hey bring that back
over here
go get the towel hey get that back good
morning you guys
it is like 90 thousand degrees below
freezing I'm so called I'm all bundled
up this was my snow jacket the one time
I went to the snow with Sam kind of on
our honeymoon I'm here to bring reach
boxes and I have so many which means I'm
gonna be going in and out of the cold
and yes I'm whining about it because I
don't like being cold the post office
guy that's working in the window he was
like I don't work up here that often so
it's gonna take a while hope you're not
in a hurry so he's doing the boxes and I
am over here getting the peel box so I'm
gonna check it real quick you guys ready
I was trying to mix up some paint to get
the color of these flowers I think I got
pretty close what do you guys think what
do you think Sam there's a little too
light still it's just that some of the
petals are really like yeah looks like
the lighter petals on yeah that was good
I think it might need a little more gray
or black added to it I mixed three
different colors to get this you know a
little helper over here you're helping
Nia Reese by Nia in Annie my first
employee do you think so
yeah mixing paint is hard it is hard my
aunt sent me a picture of what our dog
might look like when she grows up I
think that's her dog I think she has a
button Oscar good morning guys today I
am off to go do my second interview I
already got the job but they still want
me to go do the second interview kind of
interesting huh I guess it's not really
interview it's gonna be just kind of a
meet and greet the other employees these
diapers are helpful but you do it so
stupid about them does a whole look
right where poop comes out right on her
butt so it doesn't block poop she has to
go poop goes on half on floor half and
the diaper or most on the floor a little
bit in the diaper
oh my goodness oh cute Andy's getting a
ride through the house but on a broom
she can take a turn and then you'll get
it back this way okay let Abram have a
turn bring leave it in the kitchen so
I'm going through some of the mail from
you guys Sam has the packages in the car
so we'll be opening those a little bit
later but this letter is from Cheyenne
and I just saw the front of it was
really cute I wanted to show you guys my
gosh she wrote something so sweet I'm
not gonna read the whole letter but one
thing she wrote was thank you for being
my internet mom that is so precious it
just means a lot to her I never thought
that anyone would look at me that way
and it means a lot to me it makes me
feel like I have a bigger responsibility
as a blogger to be even better of an
example than what I might already be so
thanks for the challenge girls so how
did it go what were you so you did get a
haircut
trickster yeah I could tell them oh you
get your hair cut if you didn't say me I
was like did you get your hair cut
there's like no but it looked like you
did so I was just like I don't know but
just that kind of sure enough okay yeah
feel really naked now I was trying to
feel more that kid that's right anyways
how did it go
I hurt going great they just clips on
off the sides just kept going going
going keep going and going and going
along you know you know how do you do it
yeah so anyway how did that interview go
I got the little texture scissors come
here give it up here
jump jump jump jump jump jump come on
jump let's see if she'll jump off what
can she do it she took the baby she
wanted to give her a bubble bath do you
wanna give her a bubble bath yeah you
want to take one with her yeah tonight
all you guys would love just doesn't end
it's so sweet so this is the Bridgman
bunch and she wrote I recently started
watching your channel hi YouTube
Christian mom and there you were oh my
gosh like that is such an honor that is
so sweet
Christian daddy do it guys so the other
night I woke up with a huge knot and my
calf muscle have you guys had that
happen to you or that your calf muscle
just kind of curls up or like knocks up
on itself and it like sends us waves or
your calf muscle it was so painful I
screamed from the bedroom and pain Mia
came running in there she's really
scared for me what is going on he was
screaming like extremely loud yeah it's
like really bad
Wow and then it happened again right
after it went away and then it just like
came back I think it's like the worst
pain I've ever had
hey you guys check out my loop from
Charlie and she made this for me what is
this is what Wow who secured this look
it comes with a bracelet look at that
I'm sorry I was on the bill that is so
pretty who is this from we see here from
Evie Lancaster Thank You Evie it don't
come sweet she wrote on the header that
it was friendship jewelry
Oh bubble wrapping you guys look at this
awesome stuff from Haley Lopez and Megan
these smell amazing they send symphony
some really awesome books and this
handmade stuff this is like a platter a
ceramic platter this stuff is from
Brianna she sent the kid some books and
some crafts this stuff is from Anna
Orana there's some German snacks in here
I cannot wait to try the toffee some
little leggings for a brown please
that's awesome to me on it you're gonna
stay here with Sam in the kids okay with
me leaving the house is fairly new
Tiffany and I are reading books we just
read this one a fly would buy what a
good book that is everybody's got a good
one too over here we do not want you in
the zoo out you go out out with you why
did they put me out this way I should be
in I want to stay oh that would put me
in the zoo if they could see what I he
do the job and I can put my spots on
yeah and you and you what happened the
book fell everyone was really upset
their mommy left so I turn on the ELMO
forward
question puppy tack time oh no here we
go huh it's a matter of seconds before I
get attacked
well nice toad or Bible study guys I
just put down the kids Abram was so
precious putting him down
I just loved putting him to bed every
time I do is just such a blessing and
just it's just so precious so my big
special something is coming up tomorrow
several of you guys got it but there's
one person that got it first and they're
gonna get the FaceTime with us if they
don't get it we'll just go to the next
if they don't answer or respond we'll
just go to the next person who got it so
be that tomorrow to see what that is
because yes it will be announced
tomorrow I'm not going on sit yet so
tomorrow it's going to happen it's gonna
be so much fun
but anyway guys thanks for coming along
with us again don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
what
