she's never asked me about it or never
told me about it awesome good job baby
I'm so proud of you what's going
on here
I guess you free dress today for the
first time like through primer I didn't
get to do through first I didn't get to
do it for a second finally my first time
you need some shoes and you need a
jacket for morning fan basic how are you
guys today these are the all the stuff
you have those are oh does that used to
turn up in work and other things every
thought the Ottoman last night and his
little chinny Chinchin on that table of
my coffee sitting on was it bleeding
do you want to take it off yeah I'm
still unsure about this freak dress
today we'll see what happens when I get
there she's never asked me about it or
never told me about it I just hope she's
got the right day I just don't to get
there and then say I searched she can't
clean the school looking like this this
is a private school what are you
thinking a leather jacket shorts over
black pants
Tiffany you have to study for your tough
summer go to school okay I want you to
make nothing less than a hundred
symphony and I have a date planned for
Sunday but she has to make $100 to test
I'm just kidding
father come on little Christmas angels
let's go outside go bye-bye it's going
to play date hey bud do you remember the
name of the friend we're gonna go meet
do JJ look at you miss host I'm early it
was my goal to get here before our new
friend I met a friend of McDonald's last
week and just randomly gave her my
number and asked her to come in the
elevator so she lives near sabie she's
turned me over are you nervous I did
tell her
by the way I'm a youtuber and I even
have a camera with me at all times so
yes it's really nice her name is hailey
and she'll be here any minute
I tried giving this little cutie in nap
and Ezra's bad arcades bet someone's bad
and it didn't happen my friend is here
though the kids are playing
everyone's squishing it too much bar are
you guys ready to meet our new friend
this is Kaylee hi Callie she's the
raddest baddest haircut ever you guys
check it out oh man I love it I'm like
envious and wish I had that kind of good
I need to get a hoist because I don't
have any help in Oklahoma right now
because andrew is it responding to my
text so I need to pay for a helper
noises basically a little thing that
helps lift up stuff and so that is what
I'm looking for right at this very
moment looking up by the voice that will
probably work too there we go
Avram we made it to Broken Bow well guys
as always when the mommy of the house is
sick things tend to get a little bit
messy and so I've got to kind of just
get things together and clean up because
I'm feeling much better today but the
house is not looking like I'm feeling
better not yet anyways so let me get my
little bootie to work
Juliet is learning / coloring hey Juliet
can you say a ShowMe orange lady
oh she's getting up oh you're so big
come on better sugars hey she got all
muddy at Tufts house we have to change
clothes she put jammies on for nap and
now back into a Christmasy outfit yes we
are I've got a surprise for you before
we go get symphony let's go get some
first we gotta get over you up there you
go see you in a little bit oh it's so
chilly oh my goodness it's even colder
now than it was at our playdate oh man
it's just super duper duper chilly
that's what you take to a number Phil's
guys so I get here to the camper I get
this overwhelming pressure all around me
someone kind of an anxiety tech sort of
the type thing at the aspect of how much
work that I need to do out here and at
the thought of just being so over my
head just overwhelmed looking great out
here
he is like a huge burn pile out there
I'm gonna get started on that tonight
first item on my agenda here guys is to
dig a trench from the road through the
house and that trench is going to serve
two purposes I'm gonna put the water
line in there all the way to the house
only have it right there as you guys
know I enjoy nighted that and then I'm
gonna get the electric which is coming
from here this pole and kind of drink
through the trees
Sam told me to vlog when I saw
Stephanie's outfit and always be so cute
oh my gosh what are you wearing
daddy told me to vlog you in your outfit
how does daddy know when you get free
dress did you get in trouble oh it
really is free J okay so according to
symphonies piano teacher it really wants
free dressing Tiffany I just don't
understand why you wore the shorts or
the tie
Kazaam has been going to Oklahoma quite
a bit lately you look really cool though
okay let's get a close-up of this outfit
oh my goodness did you know that this
belongs to Logan no I don't know this
cuz because I remember cuff giving us a
black shake no that one's Logan well I
totally underestimated how far the
camper was from the house or the water
line is from the house so I to go back
and get all this line also got enough
line to go from the house the shed so I
can have my electric line under ground
over there he has to just sit right on
top the ground which is extremely
dangerous and I'm also gonna run a water
line from the house to the shed so I'm
gonna make a huge just line of water
from there I'm just gonna loop it go
under the house bring it down the shed
and end it there and create a little log
out for a hose or door okay my dad went
into I stole his self and he got me this
cool Batmobile
symphonie is preparing for her very
first ever book report
can we see what book is over Gilbert the
surfer dude what a cute little dude
okay so I'm writing about fiction and
nonfiction nonfiction me it's real this
book is not nonfiction this one is
fiction because it's not oh should we
just get a Christmas card from the Brown
family this is Matt he is an amazing
networker and he plays a huge part in
organizing and putting together the
Christian social media gathering is that
we get to be a part of several times
throughout the year and so we got a
Christmas card from them and now I'm
gonna send one back this is one thing
that I absolutely love about Christmas
time sending the new print Christmas
cards and best of all adding them to my
forever address book I got this on my
first anniversary with Sam because the
traditional gift on your one-year
anniversary is papers so open it up to
the bees this will be my last entry on
page 2 in the bees it is so fun to see
who we've built relationships with and
people who have moved throughout the you
know duration of our marriage thus far I
have several dresses that are crossed
out and then crossed out again and then
crossed out again
okay Symphony says she's all done with
her very first ever book report let's
check it out title of the book Gilbert
this surfer dude my favorite part of the
story when Gilbert swim shirt fell out
that part was pretty funny awesome
good job baby I'm so proud of you look
at the bottom of my thinking Dale the
bottom of your pencil draw the blue Wow
check out my beautiful collection so far
and yes I've put us on there too because
we only have two and it's looking barren
so I'm gonna use the front surface of
our refrigerator only for Christmas
cards this year okay I love you got the
dow stirs the Browns and the writers
dinner is served
we're also Uncle Ben's rice
you go but you'll love it a little bit
you need badges bow to get you stomp
veggies are your friend man
well you won't be able to taste any
vegetables in there it's just chicken
flavor if you got through food thank you
for the time that Abram and I get to
spend with each other out here in the
wilderness you think you so much for
this home that you've given us and this
camper and this precious precious time
anybody got a pair bless the food good
mission for boys meaning that it's
taking you so much for a provision just
Hey
this baby's hair is getting so long my
friend Sarah's blue-eyed baby Couture
headband is perfect they really are I
mean it just fits her little head
perfectly and it holds all that baby
hair out of her eyes he's all right guys
I'm going to go ahead and end the vlog
with comment of the day in question of
the day
okay comment of the day comes from
Narwhal Queen that tree is way
a too small you're right it is really
small and a lot of you don't like it and
you're wishing we got a bigger tree
however I'm gonna show it to you from
the entryway of our door because I think
you're gonna like it let me know in the
comments below if it changes your mind
like if you were just totally dogging on
the tree thought it was too small and
skimpy and now I've shown you a new
angle and you absolutely love it I want
to know in the comments below because
this is what changed my mind
I walked through the front door that
night after doing something and I looked
I was like ah it actually fits so
perfectly
little ma what some lovely little living
room with the lovely little tree and a
bad bad baby hi alright guys somebody's
up to the plate what's your question
what you guys's favorite online store
let us now in the comments left was an
interesting question with your favorite
store shop online it was a new shop on
Amazon buddy get it right over the bag
rice
