hey what are you doing out here Oh ever
get stressed out with Annie sometimes
because of this look at this hey that's
not very nice
and this together you ready for birthday
lunch daddy came home and pulled up I
thought I think by the time we get the
kids in the car and get there all right
let's get some Mexican food
there really is just something about
watching your kids bond with your
parents it's like a special feeling that
you just explained what do you think Wow
everybody's just checked everyone's just
check on down on the lemons over here
eating dinner with us I just got done
eating for right now and and guess what
viewers I need to try to get a new ball
for me in hey bro
look at the doggy look at the doggy look
at the doggy are you stuck hurts
he's not around what are you gonna do
set up your diaper hey what are you
doing out here
Oh ever get stressed out with Annie
sometimes because of this look at this
hey that's not very nice Annie
well hey Annie come on Madison nice be
nice to him baby I got my other bitch
all done or shelf I got the corners nice
and flush right here just got lifted up
a little bit like that
you know come together very nicely when
I'm done and now I just got to go back
to home beat we'll buy some more
materials so I can mount them on the
wall and put some legs on them she's
okay she's just playing she's a little
puppy she's going to explore would you
go Annie
okay okay she's go potty yeah good girl
I interrupted her but good girl this guy
does not know whether just four guys Nia
and I are going on a date yeah we never
go on dates it's so awesome having a
babysitter and for her come on such
short notice that is so awesome we're
gonna go see the imitation game it's a
movie about a mathematician who solves
the and
enigma code so I love this kind of
movies I love the beautiful mind with
Russell Crowe so I'm sure I love this
and it got really good rating so I'm
really excited to go see this me is so
sweet to to I guess enjoy this movie
with me
none of the moves that she wanted to see
she want to sing it to the woods but
that movie is not playing at a
convenient time for us are you ready to
stay with Michaela hi Michaela kids here
to watch the kids the last time we had a
date just you and me that's what we left
in the car guys our cell phones this is
a technology free date except for you
guys all right guys we're about to enter
the movie theater your Undergear a
little bit about a first date what was
that first date what movie was it
without a paddle I didn't do that
so our first date was without a paddle
mm-hmm and I remember getting a little
bit jealous yeah and I know a jealous
guy kind of a stupidly jealous guy a
little bit not stupidly but um yeah and
I did not know what's going on I was
like he's not holding my hand he's not
looking at me
nothing I was just like and on the way
to the movie theater we were so dirty
and like kissing at the red lights and
so like the rule was oh we had a rule on
that date oh yeah everywhere that was
tough area to kiss yeah where's the
traffic stopped in front of us on the
highway and so we did a lot of that it's
really embarrassing years later I'll I
asked him about it I didn't you tell me
that night Oh told me way later she was
sitting next to a couple of guys on this
side up on this side and she's sitting
next to a couple of guys I'm not sure
what I got jealous about exactly but I
don't know maybe I thought she was
getting too close to him or something
but anyway stupid but we were young 17
years old I'm gonna try not to get
jealous during this movie just try
we're just in our PJs oh no no I was
going to and I forgot I just kind of got
carried away talking babysitter oh we're
gonna have a good time in here guys cuz
we got the mold theater all to ourselves
honey uh check out our waters guys
yeah bread water do these cool bottoms
are like in like class shape it's pretty
ingenious you know they changed the
shape of water bottles to fit inside
your pocket you think we'll change first
look it's good water too
so this I want a Nintendo DSi I'm going
to try to win this own a PS Vita
oh man
mmm so close saying that was good QT
don't forget to look away last time you
looked away at the last one fast
I bet Oh be honest I was not super
excited about the acting I thought it
was cool until they said that the main
character was 27 years old and already
early on in the movie I was like this
girl looks like he's had a lot of
facelifts so we had to break the rule a
little bit we realized when we got the
movie theater that we needed to be able
to get in closer
I don't mean now making us all
understand what they're coming
this was I got man confusing but they
like got down to the dirt
just the basics it was still kind of
amazing like looking at whatever they
use to crack it and give me any point
either ours is live what am I even
looking at like thank goodness I don't
have to understand that to get through
the movie the one thing I really didn't
like about the movie though at one point
when they had won the war the main
character made a statement
god yeah he said God didn't win this war
we did and I just really didn't like
that I felt like that was kinda like
Hollywood throwing and stuff to kind of
like alter our minds because you know he
might be read that you cracked the code
or whatever but God gave him that brain
to crack the code and all that so I
don't know I just really didn't like
that one little part of the movie just
kind of thumbs up guys you see it's a
good movie all right guys well thanks
for coming along with us don't forget
guys we love you
and this
you know what else I like about this
bottle it has the shape that's like
perfect for opening you know like it
just gives you something to grab on to
return it
