go ahead start guessing what is going to
happen something big is what happened
and I've been really trying to prepare
myself for another hand you did what is
that you are my sister
by the same guy love butter thing
got to give
where I won't
and this together we're gonna do this
page it says add one or more to each
group in the boxes so you're going to
draw an extra kite an extra ball so
while she does that I'm getting some
stuff ready we're about to head over to
my friend Chester's house to make
Valentine's treats with her daughters
here are the necessities for what we're
doing we're gonna be making Valentine's
marshmallow pop right good job sister
awesome I got that college style going
on today guys found some old jeans walls
cleaning out a part of our closet the
other day and these are my high school
bands that I used to wear all the time
it's funny because we were still in such
good shape
I was taught how to take care of things
that it really realize that until now so
thank you mom thank you for teaching me
to take care of things that belong to me
I just always wonder when vivo was
raising my mom and stuff if she taught
them the same way that she taught me I
just taught me so many valuable things
in life and it's not easy to think of
how to teach her kids these things like
I mean I'm doing a lot of reading and
praying and stuff like that not I know
she did too when she had her first kids
and all that but I just feel like I just
wonder if because she was my grandma if
it's kind of like getting a second
chance at parenting like you get a
second chance to do all the things you
wish you did with your first kid okay I
feel like there might come a day when
I'm a grandma or my kids are a little
bit older and I'm like I wish I did
things a little differently I think
about that a lot I try to I try to do
things now so that I won't feel
regretful in the future so we'll see I
don't know who's more excited the
mommies are the girls are y'all ready to
come make marshmallow pops
Tesla is a bankers kind of yeah she had
like a Facebook pages of like that you
should go check her out strike Ashley
strikers sweet that can talk I swear but
anyway so when I have stuff like this to
make she helps me and she just taught me
a cool tips so we're using white
chocolate chips it depends on how many
chocolate if you have if you just melt
chocolate chips by themselves they will
clump up and not work so you have to add
a little bit of either Crisco or oil
kind of depending on how many chocolate
issue how cute is this symphony for
Valentine's Day we get all the kids up
here waiting for their turn alright
thank you can I shake it off
we were just talking about the cleanup
for this and how there's pretty much
nothing
you basically just rinse off the
sprinkles and throw away the wax paper
have one Bowl that's a full of chocolate
here yummy Tesla's a genius she was like
hey I have her extra chocolate we've got
some pretzels so she's just we're making
another truck another pretzel
what about Valentine's party Mother's
Day so true what are you guys doing
Abram are you leading the way to ballet
class already
when will you be five Avery good luck
hey Emily did you get that for your
birthday no I got for Christmas for
Christmas my birthday this spring oh
it's almost spring time are you gonna be
five I'm gonna say Sofia
they're so cute how's everybody doing
today
I'm doing okay there's kind of a shower
and uh got bloody nose yes I was rubbing
my nose too hard or something are blue
too hard hey no hey no gentle gentle
yeah hey punk ooo there is amazing
yeah so I got something big coming up
guys so I'm pretty big I'm not gonna
tell you what I tell the day up though
really really yeah yeah you guys know
seriously though I got something really
big coming up and I would give you guys
a hint whoever gets it right it's going
to get to get a FaceTime call with me
and a special someone okay a FaceTime
call the winner guesses it exactly right
what I'm going to be doing the hip is
like Jeremy knows exactly what we're
doing
Oh Jerry you can't guess man if you're
watching this right now and a couple
other people if you know if you're no
please don't put it in the description
the comments guys come on that's obvious
the hit is I've been missing my twin
brother lately that's the hint guys
that's it that's all getting you good
start guessing what is going to happen
something big is gonna happen and I've
been really trying to prepare myself for
another hand you do what is it honey I'm
gonna believe that out I'm gonna believe
that out has it seen yourself yet look
second wave stops yes
that's nasty sorry Nia wants to open
something with you we don't open with me
babe well we got a really awesome
package today I'm super excited
ah look at those are fancies Wow you
guys cannot see the detail probably as
amazing as it really is in person but
look at that it's all hand-stitched
isn't there oh yeah in your handbook
let's open one up in Messiah now you
guys you can purchase these yourself
but it's okay this is Abraham's bubble
shirt okay so I am olive shirt com I'll
link it below a very special person runs
this shop she was one of the first
employees I ever hired as a store
manager at maurices who you her name is
Camille Camille duster oh there's mine
look I think this one might be yours
this this one's yours
yeah where's mine this was a bra what's
he doing with a picture firm people have
to carry that picture Rani's oh no you
guys are almost in tears over here I've
got to read you a thank-you card that
comes with each of Camille's shirts that
she makes for you backtrack him a little
bit she worked for me at maurices she
was one of the first girls that I hired
myself outside of the management that
was above me before they all quit or
whatever and she just has always been
really close to my heart she is an
incredible girl she's a Christian and
she just has a huge heart and an amazing
personality let me read you this hello
no no well hello
thank you for your purchase you are a
great one really hope you enjoy it we
also hope that it reminds you that as
each item is handmade
a true one-of-a-kind you have been
personally crafted by a creator who
loved you enough to create laughter and
love the name I am olive seeks to remind
us that we truly are alive the olive
branch was brought back when the world
was in pure chaos God's love was shown
through a simple olive branch revealing
that the pain was over we can breathe in
fresh air again we can see the sunlight
once more and take part that we were not
forgotten about you were not forgotten
about the Dove came back so just know
that as you're repping this T and even
when you're not with love I am olives oh
my gosh I am so proud of this girl my
goodness I met her and worked with her
when she was in high school 16 years old
and now here she is in college I don't
know if she's graduated or whatnot but
just gosh look at her just going on with
her leg what is this is this hahaha what
is that oh it's a dryer sheet nobody had
to just put hers on right away how does
it fit baby good it's so cute
man I'm excited we just want to say
thank you to Camille we love the shirts
they turned out even better than I could
have imagined so it's I cannot wait
Sam's having a proud daddy moment
everybody quiet
oh are you alright guys I'm off to work
whoa
keep your guesses coming guys get it
close you're getting really close you
know that tomorrow we're never here so
is it just the first person who guesses
it right it is it's the first person who
guesses it right so maybe you won't
remember what a senator won't your right
I think about that assuming oh he's
gonna get it but there's some smiles out
there so a FaceTime with you me and a
very special person and I'm missing my
twin brother cheering somebody come give
me up oh oh yeah I'm on did that yeah
over here over here come home um Abram
is totally using Symphony for like a
personal jungle gym right now Abram you
goofy goes okay the symphony you love
him so much such a good sissy don't let
him go though when you start going oh
yeah don't forget we love you remember
we shall jump
of your head don't be
