I'm out here
we've got to live
we've got to give
and this together good morning guys how
are y'all doing today as you know it's
Monday which means we go to the grocery
store stock up on stuff Oh which reminds
me I forgot my list in that room you
know what I just realized when we were
sitting here I have like a zillion
wreath boxes in the back so I got to
find a new place to put my groceries but
we'll figure it out you're the one you
want guys check it out we always get
symphony some like this
well he's excited about it so we're
gonna go with the kids frozen yogurt
frozen frozen yogurt yay what better way
to get your kids eat healthy then put
frozen right smack on the front of it
Abram do you want a sucker any time we
come to the bank inside Walmart I have
to get suckers or guca as a protocol
said they're back there in the basket
see the red basket they're way up there
afternoon snacks and his new little
snack Cup he thinks he's so bad with
that thing I just think you're so cool
in your snack box
uh-oh guys I said their entire nap time
going over stuff for the auction and let
me just tell you this has got to be the
most fun way to like fundraise for
someone by doing that stuff online
because you're just like constantly
interacting with other people like
bidders donors I've been talking to
shell like on and off this afternoon and
it has just been so fun he's trying to
get into sissy's room she yelled from in
a room Hebert I'm not ready to come out
yet so he's just standing here trying to
open that doorknob
just a couple more months buddy and
you'll be able to reach that he's so
patient so cute the first thing he
thinks that when he wakes up his snack
and then sissy that's so cute to me for
some reason why can't he have those nor
the chargers that babe could he just
hold one
hey guys we got our the cam back in the
mill it's so good to us guys they sent
us a new one I just love cannon services
where they're just so good do that you
got a brand new camera yeah this was not
focusing there we go all right guys so
what can't what do you like better
well the cannon is so much brighter so
people can't it with a picture do you
like better the brighter one down over
there I haven't done any settings on
this one I'm not sure what kind of yeah
the colors changing on me so I'm gonna
put this side to side and you guys gotta
let me know which one you like better
he's still had to sell any better we'll
just stick with that one
I like Sonic's picture it's a little bit
dark actually what do you think honey
it's so weird because it doesn't feel
dark when you're watching it let's shake
here - I like I like a holding this
camera better but I like I like the
smoothness of the videos on this one
this one seems jumpy should be the
upside this one has image stabilization
this one doesn't yeah alright so what do
you guys think get the doggy get the
doggy game room but the Sonja's
definitely wider that's under you just
see more of her life the window at our
lives are a little bit bigger with the
Sony camera
buddy buddy wait Danny go so that wasn't
exactly a fair comparison because the
60p wasn't on on this camera and the
printer was on on that one when you're
not using 60p you did you do get a
little bit brighter image but guys let
me give you an update on Annie so I
wanted to change your name to ginger but
nobody will let me so I guess we're
gonna keep Annie so here's what I've
been doing is working out really good so
every time she's in the house she was a
diaper that may be counterproductive
according to training experts and
everything but I just don't want her
peeing on the floor in here at all we're
not living in the house or out of the
carrier i watch her the whole time or
Nia watches her and when she squats down
we clap her hands real hard and we say
no outside potty outside and we get her
up take her outside we stay outside with
her how she goes and when she goes we
give her a treat one of those little
treats that we got from Katherine our
viewer and then we let her back in put
the diaper back on let her roam around a
little bit and if we're not around we
just keep her in the carrier that's just
how it's working for us so very few
accidents are happening on the floor
very nice we're trying to preserve this
new carpet we have in the house and this
is really working out for us I do like
the idea that some of you guys gave us
putting a bell on the door I'm gonna
have to try that because I do need
something for her to associate you know
going outside so cute she has his little
dog shoes on you guys and it kind of
looks like her like the kids a symphony
especially she thinks it's so cute
because it kind of looks like curtains
I'm putting in my notice today I'm
pretty nervous I don't know the safe
she's gonna be there so you usually give
a written notice that's appropriate
really yeah that's why we can handwrite
it you could type it you could handle it
is 2015 so you could you could type it
mine
Google you should be face to face if
she's not there because he works nice it
should be a phone call like and maybe he
knows cuz if she's not there your case
is different how again
but I definitely wouldn't just email it
not like cholera yes you should call her
you should call her tell her the
situation and then offer her an email as
a written letter of record resignation
recognition great just one time when we
worked at Sonic somebody quit and they
took their shirt off and threw it at the
boss don't really well I have a good
boss I'm not gonna do that
she's been really nice to me working
with my crazy schedule so I'll
appreciate her so yeah I've never had to
do this before so I've been fired and
I'm who fired you I was and you worked
up but at different times a little
miscommunication with the schedule and I
didn't show up for work that's what
happened the dads are not gonna like
this when they see slash here--it and
uncles as well but they're not doing
anything I they just came out and said
that so you know I get a really hard
time from like the men like Huff's dad
symphonies dad and uncles and just like
the more we try to like push that they
can't pretend the more they're probably
gonna want it tough what are you doing
over here
Wow it's all tangled why don't you let
me help you you look so pretty Rapunzel
thank you oh no because I love isn't my
wedding dress right I'm sorry
okay you guys so Abram is TV he's got
his last few teeth all coming in kind of
at the same time and he's very cranky so
I wanted to show you all how sweet and
what's been working for him today he
really likes this rock-a-bye baby on the
treetop when the wind blows like
will rock when the bough breaks the
cradle will fall and down will come baby
cradle and all and he likes to kind of
roll around on the ground boom goes baby
cradle and all that happy all right guys
what has been a really awesome day I am
getting ready to finish off some laundry
annie is doing amazing she's in her
crate over there asleep
hopefully for the night I cut a big
blanket over it that's what some of you
suggested and we read online and that
would be best for helping her sleep give
us a thumbs up if you liked our video
today and if you haven't already you
should subscribe to our Channel come
along join us in life and have some fun
with us don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
for amnesty
