Sleeping Beauty has awakened from her
nap and there's something waiting at the
door for you go ahead open the door and
go get it our nature box you are my
sister made by the same guy loved by the
same
got to give
where I won't
in this together morning everyone
we're on our way to church after a very
long long long night we had a really
awesome fun time with all of you guys
last night but we did not get a lot of
sleep so we kind of dragged on our feet
this morning
like I have that sleepy puffy nose look
I made two videos last night you did
Lord what I don't even know that - for
what you do Thomas today
oh he was up at 3:00 a.m. the dog woke
up crying Sam was like am I gonna get
any sleep no like he's your dog maybe
you'll get it you anybody know fishies
go fish Hey look for somebody else's all
right we'll just take those there you go
buddy fine Avery will appoint big boy
class but Kenny see ya needs you no one
can see you can see you so here's
everything hi everybody
like your daddy okay say thank you God
for daddy you say thank you buddy church
was great today we taught the kids
obviously Sydney would you learn where
did we teach you today I learned that
every time it's time to use our hands
for teeth exactly great job
- good reminder for all of us it's
always time to use our hands for Jesus
right always I'm just waiting the car
for Nia got to go home take my nappy nap
for work tonight I'm missing the Super
Bowl party with all the guys here at
church hey what do we have here let's go
open come on Abram
mommy picked out the treats this month
well since she made some good choices
you can't really go wrong but would you
guys get these are the big island of
pineapples hon good
we have blueberry nom nom nom would you
get these are cranberry almond bites
yeah yeah well c'mon guys super daddy
because he loves baka moly no no no like
a coconut date energy rights for me and
Stephanie because we love coconut and
then don't open it for you so this is
nature box guys we get this every single
month because we love it
and because they help support us here at
salmon here so you guys can help support
us by just clicking on the link in the
description and getting a free trial for
yourselves
you will regret guys this is pretty
amazing those look warped Moabites guys
do those you like 55 second Andy horn
bite pitcher box did my whole family
together oh yeah guys alright we're
walking more bikes sticks bites
guacamole sticks bite sticks look good
huh no I don't think so
mmm yeah keep going in all of to there
Addison no I'm gonna never be good
what's everyone's favorite this time I'm
in tried them all yet it's like a fruit
bowl it really doesn't go ahead of
schedule
yeah ruined oh she's like photo of a
texture to roll up
hey broom will you sure your nature box
oh come on will you sure with symphony
maybe okay hey man what are you doing
how cute this is
yeah see you always have a little boy I
love it
what are you gonna do you wanna stay or
go
I'm here with my tiny helpers and we are
gonna make a kid-friendly Valentine's
dessert for Dad
and I mean yes year I'm not much of a
baker guys so we're gonna be making an
easy no bake jello banana pudding so
we're gonna drop in a few squirts of
pink or purple II coloring that's good
to add a little Valentine's essence to
it awesome to listen Wow ha ha gravy
here's what we've got so far we've got
to cover it with Cool Whip still we've
got layers of cookies bananas pudding
cookies bananas pudding and more cookies
and more bananas now we're gonna top it
with whipped cream sprinkles there it
goes on top and put it away for daddy
when he comes home tomorrow and this is
our pre Valentine's Day do ya
our Valentine's special dessert for
daddy
naturally cake okay now let's take a
bath yeah bath time come here Eddie I'm
so glad that we got this dog to needy
that oh she did need a symphony you're
right so we will see you all tomorrow
give us a thumbs up if you liked our
video and don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
