and this tree here this was our pear
tree does not produce fruit anymore we
just have an apple tree right here - so
strange it's so symbolic you know how I
think my dad left during the time this
stopped producing fruit so he pretty
much stopped producing his love at the
very same time it's true
by the same guy nobody say
all we've got
we've got to give
in this together we don't hit okay can
you go this is here somebody just got a
tire up or hitting give me a hug
Symphony Micaela we had a few viewers
who are happy to see you really
so Michaela is taking the kiddos out to
chick-fil-a here you go buddy here's
some spinning money there's social
spending money you guys can share it
half that's yours
hey guys going to chick-fil-a yes cool
have fun
Nia's about to do her baby League video
sprite out here come on guys I know you
guys are going down the road Mikayla but
I got reminded no texting and driving oh
that's really what is it it's something
that I just feel right now I get it
oh wow alright come on buddy come on and
me and the brothers are going to the old
house you guys are going to get to see
where I used to live it'll be kind of
interesting I almost put it in a
previous vlog but I decided to cut it
but today I mowed you guys here cuz
they're going to demolish the house
alright let me get the kids on here
alright we're turning on Indian Head
Estates we're about 30 40 minutes from
where I live right now or
to our old house see it over there guys
it is dilapidated and falling apart I'm
a little bit embarrassed to show you
guys but I'm gonna go ahead and get it
on camera and show you guys where we
used to live it's a lot worse than it
used to be us for sure it's been it's
been vacant for how long five years five
years is we've I've asked you Andrew
right here was the last person to live
in the house for the Millers stammers so
my mom just sold this house so we're
here to get some furniture that's
important to her this is the last time
we'll be at this house
there was a tree there there she is guys
is she beautiful this house was actually
decent at one point right now it's not
decent by any means it was right open my
family and I moved here from California
when I was about nine years old and I
stayed here until 2005 I moved out for a
little bit and I came back in and
actually moved in with Nia for a couple
months while I was in college and we
stayed here right after getting married
while we're trying to get a house so
here we go you guys ready to check this
out times are hard
my dad left us when I was 15 years old
and was just my mom and five of us kids
in this house and she had to raise us
six at one point and then became five
after Matthew moved out my oldest
brother this is the kitchen
single-handedly painted by Matthew oh
yeah Matt painted all that we did that
to the mirror in a previous vlog and
that one that was stupid of us but oh
wow so I stayed upstairs and so did
Andrew there's Andrews old Panda
a robot working alone this is the game
room is what we called it and this is my
old bedroom this is bad guys birds are
living in here now last time I came here
those bird flying around the room this
is my old bed guys my old bed this is
where nee and I used to sleep when we
first got married this was our first bed
this is the actual bed yeah would you
guys believe one day we came back from
vacation and I jumped into this bed and
it got all cuddly in it and I looked
over that direction towards the wall and
there was a snake wrapped up coiled up
in my bed looking back at me hissing it
was the scariest moment of my life I
think I looked over there and I just
couldn't believe what I was looking at I
was like what this can't be happening
and I just jumped out of the bedroom so
this is Andrews old room
oh look some paintings we did my twin
brother Michael did this painting maybe
I will and I did that painting that's
why we came here to get this for my mom
she's had that since we were born it's
really important to her and this you
guys guess whose room this was take a
guess this was my sister's room I
remember one time here my sister's room
we played a prank on her she was
sleeping in her bed and I hid under it
before she got home I laid under there
for probably 30 minutes she finally got
home got on the bed went to bed and
while she was sleeping I was poking her
mattress from underneath like this in
different spots she freaked out and
zoomed out of the room
she's like guys just a dude in my bed oh
the good old days we should prank Rachel
a lot can you imagine one girl living
with five boys is it your white angle
yeah this is another piece of furniture
my mom wants me to bring home it goes
with that mirror you guys just saw she
wants me to bring it home and refinish
it or restore it
I don't know what's so special about it
other than she's had it all our life
there's a drawer right there now okay
also somewhat worth something it's made
of solid oak guess whose room this was
can you guess by that chair right there
yep you guessed that this was Matthews
room
he's a very girly man old newspapers did
you click his newspapers net yeah I do
how dad did I still have some of them
well it's a challenger yeah Wow
leave this leave these old newspapers
look how crazy this is guys this was on
September 11th my dad couldn't have
collected this we're not sure who saved
this uh mom from but here's her original
newspaper from the day yeah I guess my
mom saved it Oklahoma City bombing right
there in the Fort Worth star-telegram
some other ones Reagan shot how 11 I
found my old sketch pad
you guys won't see some old drawings we
did those when I was learning how to
draw a face learning about the anatomy
drawing faces and some more faces yeah
angled faces learning about angles
during eyes oh that was horrible you
call those noses more faces huh wonder
who that is I think that sharp noses I
used to make so goo Fred your noses like
that like people really have noses like
that mr. Butthead really it's a pretty
cool drawing off proud of I even signed
it so proud it was of that I drew my own
hand holding a pencil so now we're in
the woods is what we called it says
right on the side of our houses you see
the house is right behind me we just
make forts I hear all of us boys we come
out here tall tree houses we used to
play like capture the flag out here wish
to divide messed up out here what I
don't wait dunky we dug this hole a huge
hole in sideways inside Oh
yeah what else do we do out here Andrew
I'm promised oh cool yeah we build a lot
of forts out here we're gonna stay the
night out here several times in our
force that we used to build out here do
pillow check we have you yeah we had a
heater we even had a TV out here
remember in the very back we extended it
extension cord all the way to the back
of these woods good memories out of here
that's the heater we were just referring
to it is it's really interesting being
out here because everything is so much
smaller than I remember it being like
there's a massive tree out there we used
to climb and it's gone it died but even
the trunk is just so small that I just
remember that tree towering over
everything we used to climb the very top
and just look over the world it seemed
like this hey Belle this thing was huge
at one point not like how tiny it is do
you think it's just shrink over time
words just we're getting bigger these
definitely I know I'm just kidding about
that okay obviously this is actually
really small my mom got this hay bill
for us she bought it from somebody so
just so we could play on and this tree
here this was our pear tree does not
produce fruit anymore we just have an
apple tree right here - so strange it's
so symbolic you know how I think my dad
left during the time this stopped
producing fruit so he pretty much
stopped producing his love at the very
same time it's true so the story of my
dad is this he met another woman in 1999
on a trip that he took with just us boys
it was a short trip I can't remember
where we went but on the way back home
where my mom was staying here he stopped
by this woman's house she made us
pancakes as early in the morning and
it'll be stuck in my memory forever
because there's just something you don't
do your children you don't bring them to
your girlfriend's house when you have a
mother and you're married it just does
not make sense it was completely
unnatural obviously and it's it's
ingrained in my memory forever that day
and when we got back home he told that
we better not tell her mom but of course
we ended up telling her because we're
loyal kids and we loved our mom and then
my mom could fronted him about it
and then my dad freaked out about it and
kind of threw us around a little bit me
and my twin brother for a rather ratting
on him and that was the day he left the
house took off left us all here yeah I'm
pretty sure that was a very last day he
was here so that's the story pretty
short I have a lot of memories of pets
here we had several dogs that we raced
here and died here
we had basset hound that actually died
over here I think in just an anti phrase
foaming from the mouth profusely and as
kids we were home alone and happy we had
no idea what to do so he stuffed a water
hose down his mouth try to rinse out his
mouth he ended up dying and then we had
a dog named Sonny as like a golden
retriever type dog I can't remember how
he died but we buried him right there
right on the side of the house and then
we had a dog named snowball she just a
big hairy white dog and I came home from
school and they found her dead on the
back porch up against the window just
dead and I was home alone I can't
remember why it was just me but I had no
idea what to do with the dog it was too
big to bury so I ended up building like
a big bonfire on the side of the house
and put the dog on it and burned her I
took me about three days to completely
get her burned away it was a lot harder
than I thought was going to be and then
we had ginger she was my favorite dog I
came from kind of dog she was she was
just like a black nose cur like the
puppy we just got and I saw her get shot
from upstairs window she was like oh no
I was downstairs
she was running through the pasture and
the pasture owner just shot her with a
rifle and she just took off running I
spent the whole night looking for her I
remember crying about that one that was
pretty emotional for me I was so close
to her and then she can't she showed up
the next morning on the back porch dead
not sure if he brought her to us or the
dog made her way back home yes
a lot of memories of dogs and animals
here that was Matthew interviewing me
for his class project so I'm just
putting the furniture in the car and I
think we're about to leave I had a lot
of dreams here I remember having dreams
of becoming famous actually having a
band is how I hope to become famous I
did start a band I also had dreams of
becoming a wedding photographer it's
interesting because I remember here in
this house dreaming of being a
photographer wedding photographer
Matthew and I actually used to take
pictures out here all the time when we
first started I started out with a video
cameras taking pictures with the video
camera it took like one megapixel
pictures is ridiculous
and that dream has become realized I'm a
wedding photographer now it's
interesting because I clearly remember
thinking that there's no way I could
ever shoot weddings I didn't ever seem I
see myself doing that having the
confidence to be able to shoot weddings
and just shoot photographing on that
scale but I'm doing it and I've shot
over a hundred weddings now I have
several scheduled for this year and they
just keep coming in the inquiries keep
coming in it's just awesome to be able
to look back and remember that um I had
a dream and I made it happen this is
where I dream guys this is the place I
had my dreams
this is release to exercise on this
bench right here I used to sit here play
guitar sit on this bed do my school work
yeah yeah so our path is kind of
depressing
I don't really regret any of it it's
brought me where I am today I'm
perfectly happy where I am today and
even though my dad left us all here if
it wasn't for him bringing us here I
would have never met Nia what I never
had symphony when they're at Abram and
would have never went viral and that you
guys what's nice is her for so I
appreciate my dad a little bit about
that much although I do have one last
thing to say to this house
I'll be shout
