the one that we first
we've got to give
and this together it appears she doing
who's ever picking in the fence
good afternoon how's everybody doing
today's a good day to go for a swim he's
going crazy for the dog where'd he go so
we are going to go look at a dog today
me it really doesn't want to but I told
her you know we've got to get a dog we
need a dog Abram needs a dog I really
want a new best friend and I just wanted
Artie handle if I could bring him out
here my woodshop with me look what I got
going on out here guys this is my second
shelf clamp down I have it all glued
together did it all last night I have to
unclamp it all today
and then plane down the surface come on
anybody check out all my shavings whoa
come here
did you hit your head I'm sorry oh dang
it
watch your head dude no no don't even
maybe I don't need a dog maybe I've got
one right here
a little puppy right here watch your
head hey have a seat check it out yeah
you can sit there watch your head oh he
wants to bring shavings to the show dude
you want to play shavings over there
he's collecting them okay
this guy's working on his own little
project okay yeah you making the bed
nice and padded with shavings it's like
really nice what's up planet down low
watch your head now love to go to get
dogs you guys very look at some puppies
me too we're gonna go save them from the
adoption clinic a doggy that's a need so
should make you a little bit happier
honey we're saving one from an adoption
clinic these dogs were abandoned you
have a big backyard available for them
to run and play kids to play with
they just deserve to be part of our
family
we're doing a good thing don't just for
selfish reasons we're also doing it to
save a dog so that shouldn't make me
feel better
Mia feels like I'm potty training a 16
month old baby and no one on to potty
train a puppy and I don't know I hope he
heard the doggie come on doggy see are
you ready this is what our house is
going to smell like it's okay it's going
to stink the puppies come in here look
at the puppies come here symphony simply
pick one baby
there she is what's her name I'm trying
okay
he likes all of them cute everyone what
are you doing in there they can add the
puppies
- we'll get them back you guys are cute
don't put them in the gutter okay we
just went in ate lunch it's time to pick
up a new pup you ready to go home what
was an alien Annika there's Annika yeah
she's good look she's all soft and clean
oh there there you go you gotta hold her
tight there you go you got this
you're a natural pet owner you're
talking to her
dude the puppy here take it - puppy
I can tell doesn't lie honey she's so
know she does smells like a dog she
likes you
well we don't have the Petsmart in our
area so we're at Tractor Supply and we
want to buy puppy essentials dad put
them in the basket this opens up a whole
new world of shopping for me we have to
get her chew toys and a really cute
collar beggin strips this little pink
one here now we gotta get her doggy tags
with her name on it and stuff like that
we need a leash Oh Sam's picking out a
doghouse up there he's decided to go
with a carrier instead of a house for
some reason we'll need a carrier for him
this serves as a carrier and a house and
doors for now I just want something cute
for outside Oh almost something you're
gonna build us something dark brown
white and light brown oak either
he's about to get her first very old
it's been kept for now but he's there
you go buddy
you got it she got it I could come over
here sweet color we went with the pink
polka dots
Oh a broom Annie get a key new home so
we're gonna clean up this area and no
getting ready to say okay all right all
your puppy lovers out there we need some
advice so this is what we're doing right
now it's nap time for the kids and we
have him outside sleeping in the carrier
her
she walked up
is this a good way to do a guys let her
nap by here while the kids are sleeping
she did start whining pretty quickly
when we put her in there but she looks
comfortable for now and then they get up
I guess we'll just let it run loose we I
got to fix up some holes around the are
so she could run free around the yard we
got holes into the neighbor's yard as
you can see over there and then we have
this horrible fence gonna be so cute
she's saying easy girl easy girl Sophie
you just pick her up honey she's okay
she'll be all right
supposed to hang out with me long in the
shed oh there it is so that's a
different little bed in the shed you
have to like put it in her face like
this let me show you its teacher to go
get it say come on follow me okay here
comes Annika she's been fighting already
a few times good job oh man the little
mommy is just on top of things with her
new puppy diapers days or you go little
girl this is her little setup we need to
get like a little divider right here
but for now while we did Andrew here we
got any dinner dude we got to eat dinner
commander you want to run around to get
away that I prefer right now hope you're
more comfortable with your presence
diaper but diaper but he's a diaper but
he loves his new toy it's really cute
buddy he really isn't yeah he likes the
Lambie though he says the house always
smells like a dog she loves him look she
loves her the occupied me I do love her
I just went and Febreze the heck out of
the craft themselves she's gonna be from
reason a lot so I guess she's gonna be
like an inside-outside dog right now
she'll be inside just cuz she's a puppy
and she's just getting used to us so
what should we do from here guys
seriously the people who own dog help us
out
I haven't owned a dog since I was a kid
and he's very sleepy you guys gentle
bubby oh my goodness April just shared
his toys with her all right guys tonight
is the night before the big interview I
have the interview at 10 o'clock in the
morning tomorrow so I'm gonna hit the
hay a little bit early Mia just left to
go be with Courtney and talk about
Sandy's baby shower I just got done
watching several videos on best
questions and answers for interviews
because I always feel like I need to
prepare myself for anything that I do
especially interview kind of nervous
about but I'm trying not to be I think
I'll get up a little bit early and go
for a run mrs.annie is down here
sleeping
she's been doing great she's been
sleeping for a while
like I said she'll probably wake up in
the middle of life we'll see what
happens but all right guys we'll see you
tomorrow thanks for joining us today for
getting our new puppy it's really
exciting getting to like raise the dog
on video it's gonna be fun watching her
grow up but anyway we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each
