one one one two
love
got to give
and this together good morning guys
everyone say hi say hi hi can you say hi
any broom hey gais what you working on
down here sister yes down falling down
falling down I did music class when I
was little so I learned the notes and
some like that but I just couldn't
retain that information I don't know
what it is I'm I'm pretty good at
retaining information and remembering
different things so maybe I'm just not
musically inclined that right so school
has started we got an early start today
what did we learn about this morning can
you tell me any cool facts about Earth
um is there only one water very good on
the surface what else did you learn
today we did some writing in our school
book what Leonard what was a new letter
that you learned how to write today hey
k is 4 hi good job do you want to tell
our kid viewers how to write a k you go
straight down then you make it sideways
that's a good way to explain it Tiffany
so today I made a phone call and set up
an appointment with a potential school
that Symphony will be going to in the
fall for kindergarten she's gonna be 5
in July and so it's time for us to
really buckle down and make a decision
Sam and I had first talked about
homeschooling her and we were pretty
much dead set and that's what we were
gonna do that was when she was like
three years old I was still pregnant
with Abram and just over the last year
and a half we've decided that I think
we're gonna do private school you know
that's something you guys could be
praying for us about because as the mom
who has been teaching her at home and
just so many different things that I've
spent time you know teaching her and
watching her learn and grow I think it's
gonna be hard for me to let go and put
in the hands of someone else and just
expect her to learn it look at this this
is what Nia brought home to me not this
this and Abram and I are you're sharing
up as excited as I am look at these
things this thing is huge look at that
that must be to make like a blueberry
pie with or something because that's a
lot of blueberries but they taste a
little bit like today was my last day to
work for the week so I'm excited to have
the next four days off or so and it
feels amazing outside it's a beautiful
day to remove an ingrown toenail do you
guys remember that that's what I'm about
to do again I'm about to remove an
ingrown toenail wait there that is a
result of me wearing poor shoes not
really I get them every couple months
this is genetic I got a funny story for
you guys so the other day in the ER I
walked into my patients room and while
I'm talking to her I lifted up her shirt
right here to see what size her arm and
so I notice I scuff to give her and
she's like what was that I was like I
just want to see what size cup you wear
and I said that while it's turned around
so she didn't really hear me and she
responded with D I was like B I was
searching for the cover there's just
time my size do I was like maybe she's
just making a fine so I turned around
starting to put it back on she looked at
me like very concerned she's like why do
you need to know that I was like so I
know besides cuff to fit on your arm so
to get that proper brought about proper
blood pressure
ouch stabbing me with my toe back here
she's like oh what you're asking my cup
size I was like no ho
I just got pretty awkward right there
she was like I was I was thinking I was
like I'm half your age I was getting
concerned that you were hitting on me or
harassing me it was really funny and
strange situation but
I thought was funny I got a kick out of
it welcome to my hairy feet these are my
hairy feet in my long toes a lot of
people call me hobbit foot and this
right here is lint and between my toes
and this is toe jam okay and this right
here the swelling right there that is an
ingrown toenail what are you guys doing
if I can get something is she selling
this stuff yeah what is she selling my
story some cups Christmas cups okay
Marissa Christmases don't all wit but
thank you
hide and seek book and hair bow how much
you selling it for for the whole package
for the whole package do I get a deal
fun buy the whole package just got just
got in a crazy mood after eating those
blueberries look at this dude he's
trying to hurt himself it keeps to
himself on the ground
be nice to your bum he fell off the edge
right here to the leaves and since then
he's been like crazy
you're such a show-off here play the
beach yay come here bud create a kid
alright guys I got the incision complete
now time for the extraction
oh no hurts so bad I gotta get in there
I gotta make sure I got to get a good
grip don't try this at home okay I want
you to watch though I want to show you
how painful and then growing toenail can
be are you ready 1 1 2 you ready Marissa
Sippi will you help me I'm bleeding oh
man guys it hurts there it goes again
Abram dude you gotta take it easy on
that but man you're gonna bruise your
Cossacks so I think we decided against
getting a bunny a lot of you guys
advised against it and I talked to some
people out my work and they advised
against it - they said they stink their
P is just like horrible a guy who I work
with he said he bought a couple bunnies
and he kept them and the very back of
the yard in the backyard because the
smell was so bad
definitely don't want that in the house
so I think we're back at deciding if
we're gonna get a puppy or not we're
looking at a black nose occur have you
guys heard of those here in our city the
definite option going on up a bunch of
puppies who who were abandoned and one
of the puppies were named Abram so we're
back at the puppy contemplation looks
delicious honey would you make us look
at this guys loved these
high/low time that's right I made roast
chicken and sweet really and then your
brush must design mustard over the top
of that what was your low point today
the low point is the worst part of your
day your least favorite part of the day
may be a disappointing part of the day
the disappointment the disappointing
part what was when I got to go in
timeout today when you got to okay
Abram what was your low point buddy what
was the low point of your day hit his
head when you throw up the steps yeah
that was pretty bad all right honey what
was your low point of the day the low
point in my day was I tried a new craft
today I'm making a banner for someone
and I'm making out of letters so you
have to draw the letters and cut them
out like that first of all I drew the
letters on the wrong side of the fabric
so I had to use more fabric than
intended second of all I cut out the
letter O ridiculous and it looks like
just a horrible Easter egg and I'll have
to do it again
so that was another point of my day
because I worked really really hard on
everything I did the high point of light
day one when I got to go hang out with
mom in a room what was your high point
of the day oh when I hit your head again
that was kind of bittersweet for him
because he fell down and you didn't like
it but he did get back him trying to
fall again rose
there's really fun so you like falling
but you didn't like following what was
your high point of my day my high point
was definitely meeting with Heath this
morning that always starts my week off
perfectly
we get into the Bible we pray together
we challenge ourselves to to walk closer
to God so that was definitely my
favorite part of the day they came how
about that one in did you
oh you've knocked in the head happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
Kayleigh happy birthday to you happy
12th birthday Kayleigh thank you so much
for always commenting on our videos and
our photos that means a lot to us we
hope you have an amazing birthday today
what time is it
thank God what time is it Victor what
time is it Big Joe so tomorrow is
Thursday which means that the next day
is Friday which means that something
exciting and surprising is happening
that day so come along with us and see
what surprise we have I think it's time
you get your own studio with the crazy
yeah basically this is the mess at the
time and so I'm redoing it no it looks
ten times better
god this is that floor it's for my
friend Stephanie her little boy is
turning one and he's having dr. Seuss
tea party and she wanted a dr. Seuss
colors not themed banner I'm gonna go to
bed now guys I'm tired today was my
two-hour nap day what are you gonna do
tomorrow maybe look at that dog
we may go look at a dog I'm really tired
to make an excuse about not giving a pet
I want a pet
keep saying different things Nia wants a
guinea pig I want a puppy we're going to
talk about it not right now but we're
not getting a bunny so yeah maybe
tomorrow we'll really get those puppies
that would be fun but anyway guys we'll
see you tomorrow thanks for coming along
with us today
have a Merry Merry Day and don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other
shop
