okay yeah Wow hey bro whoa my brother
you are my sister made by the same guy
love butter thing
got to live
we've got to give
whoa
in this together good morning to
everyone this is such a cute little
sight he just plopped down over your hot
cozy yeah your cup good morning I'm
gonna get out of that little hole you
can do it Abram
oh man the struggle is real that's the
morning Symphony ah how did you sleep
not hot it's a camera can you take
camera good morning everyone how's
everyone's day going today we have a
pretty laid-back day today I have to run
to the bank here in a second but that's
about all we've got going on oh yeah and
there's ballet this afternoon after nap
time so pretty laid-back I've decided to
do a crock pot meal today and just catch
up on laundry and other housework so as
I prepare for shells auction that starts
this weekend I had one finishing touch
to do on the team cast benefit auction
and I just completed that right now so
I'm here at hair addiction where my good
friend Kelly it works she's opening up a
new salon she's already got a salon
somewhere here in town and she's opening
up a new venue in a place that was
totally rundown and she is totally class
in it on him so excited to be here hey
Kelly
hey this is Kelly I look horrible no you
don't she never does okay I just have to
brag on this girl she donates to every
single auction that I ever ever do
you're saying if Kelly
alright guys let's see what we got she
is so sweet
we got a full-service chemical which is
like a color and a cut number two
shampoo hair cut and style kind of
letting the winner know that you have a
certain amount of time to redeem it and
did it so that they're not quite calling
her in two years like Hagan I get my
hair done I'm pretty sure people have
done that in the past mm-hmm it's okay
you're fun Symphony's very upset about
something what made you shaky you guys
can't tell but she's very shaky she's so
upset a bug in soon as I opened the door
I saw it in the door what did it do
and just what I just went right out okay
so normally if a moth flew out at her
I'd be like symphony calm down it's just
a moth there's nothing you scared of but
I saw this and it was creepy it was like
a cross between a moth and a scorpion
I'm telling you it was like wiggling on
the ground and like slithering but it
also had those moth ish wings flopping
wasn't weird I mean it looked like
basically like a flying scorpion are
those real it does exist here in like
Texas East Texas oh my gosh dude we have
a flying squirrel now I'm gonna freak
out a little bit helicopter can you guys
hear it you hear it helicopter say
copter oh that's really close
I think someone's still feeling a little
bit upset about her incident with that
creepy moth wrap your legs around Jo
heavy comes this little man he doesn't
even know he saw a creepy bug right
where he's crawling creepy crawlers you
guys remember those you guys have no
idea like none whatsoever how excited I
am about this good weather because that
means I can get back to my daily walks I
was walking about three miles a day and
that's my only form of exercise besides
chasing two children under four years
old around all the time
these might be hard for me at all I was
like maybe it's just because Abrams
gotten so heavy it keeps like veering
off to the left so I've only done about
almost a mile probably done like 3/4 of
a mile and I'm gonna head back to the
house because I can barely push this
thing let's scooch a little bit
lunchtime antics over here you guys hey
that's how he lets her know he wants her
to do it he says mama come on do it just
do it stop drinking and do it it's so
easy oh my goodness I just love their
little relationship it's so sweet when
they are gonna be having their own
little talk back and forth that it is
gonna be hilarious if this is what
happens before Abram can make sentences
it's going to be really hilarious when
they start to talk about stuff I believe
it's dance party over here everyone do
the Abram stood a room Hey
go let's go do the Abram Symphony that's
her own little ballet version of the
Abram I guess
we just like to have dance parties at
lunchtimes show me gentle
oh yeah that's gentle that's gentle
thank you
good job oh he said mommy I want to hug
it what a gentleman you kiss your lady's
hand already uh-oh
no you're right knit what happened you
are Mito fleet yeah you don't touch
those it's hot dangerous what are you
doing
dangerous is it hot he implored my
battery that's what he did he took this
out and brought it to me he's like dad
that hot Abram look this is where the
better goes so it stays okay that's hot
baby Elvis are you hey put a shirt on
please you're gonna drive the ladies
crazy ha
my man where's my baby baby package
delivery mama
check out this delivery guy yourself a
package here let me help you there you
go package delivery get down
jump there you go yay ok yeah Wow
hey bruh whoa
Relic fine oh you okay come here buddy
hey here you you want sit back on the
box you wanna sit back on it don't sit
back on it second I'm gonna conquer this
box huh
here comes every Abram here comes watch
labor okay so I want to tell you guys
our favorite parts of the intro now that
you've seen it
you wanna hear Sam's first remind first
my favorite part is Sam's segment and
also like the sound that happens when
Andrew falls over it's a tie between
those I think Sam's looks the coolest
and Andrews part is like really funny so
I really like yours you do oh yeah I do
wanna find Sam put arrows on mine it was
so sweet because I kept having all these
ideas with arrows and so when I came
back and he finally was like no no no
we're not doing all that arrow of stuff
and then when I came back he had little
arrows all around my face it was so cute
it was such a cute little display of
love that he did I seen a strong boy
wait wait he has determined symphonies
been taking these animals away from him
like a tell of meaning pick it up there
to get her animal she has hidden him
from him like twice now but he so much
ladies are for symbian he's so smart it
got the stool he knocked him all over
earlier she was so distraught I said
Katie did put him high where he can't
reach it with ma sneaker he Rams own
devices yeah we just don't want the
beautiful outside day to end so we were
playing outside even though it's getting
dark and we were just hanging out
without light on there's a lot of lady
neighbor just loves it yeah so cool
milestone happened for Symphony today
she officially learned how to dress
herself and she completed a whole outfit
all by herself I didn't help her put
anything on for the longest time I've
been helping her do your shirts and she
was doing her pants or skirts or
whatever and she can put on her own
leotards kinda like a swimsuit but she
really just couldn't get the sleeves of
the shirts down she didn't have to show
you guys what she picked out it's
actually pretty cute the way she dressed
herself today for after ballet you had a
climber on her hands you can do it buddy
hmm good job so here's the outfit
symphony put together her doc McStuffins
t-shirt and a little score and I learned
how to dress myself and I also plant my
arm to the right holes you did so good
I'm really proud of you it's not so hard
to do then you can do it - she's got a
cup that was her message to all you kids
out there who want to dress yourselves
and aren't sure how yet she's saying
it's not so hard and you can do it - we
learned that song off of Hello Kitty
Wow what'd you do diamond
I have missed the outdoors with my kids
so much I really hope that this isn't a
fluke and the cold weather is coming
back tomorrow because I am loving it we
spent so much time outside today it's
amazing are you gonna put gas in the
tank a room get home
fill it up buddy so you can ride oh my
goodness it so cute okay all is quiet
and calm in the land of Raiders ah you
hear that it's called silence okay it's
all finished what do you guys think of
it this is my very first yarn wrapped
wreath and I'm really really pleased
with how it turned out it's very smooth
there are very few flaws in the yarn
wrapping that I did and the ones that I
did make I made in the very very very
beginning so I've corrected that mistake
since finishing the wreath and they're
just very minimal like flaws I don't
think anyone would ever notice it it's
just me being a perfectionist
here's how the little cluster turned out
woosh so anyways you guys have a really
awesome day hope you loved the new intro
we are having so much fun reading
through you guys comments and seeing
what you liked so thanks for all the
support with that guys you've all been
so sweet sending out tweets and
hashtagging your favorite parts and you
know screenshotting it whatever so
anyways we love you guys and don't
forget to love each other see you
tomorrow
for their mister
pshhh out
