that's right I'm really not feeling good
and we're gonna use this time to
decorate our Christmas tree Oh Tiffany
we have to put the star on the tree do
you guys remember this this is from your
first Christmas with love that Sam Nia
in this together
good for you guys welcome back to
another day at Sam Ania
today is Tuesday and I can only mean one
thing it's picnic under the tree night
so tonight we are having some friends
over from church per usual on Tuesday
evening and I am making a crock pot
white chicken chili I've got my chicken
about my taco seasoning a chicken broth
it is gonna be delish first I should go
by my recipe
morning guys mem that log right remember
that tree stuff like dragged over from
Sallee and Blaine's house next door well
I finally got a slab cut there it is
that's gonna be our new coffee table in
our living room and right now I'm
working on the top of it I'm trying to
get it all a level with the planer and
then I'm hopefully I'll be done with it
now given the house today the bottom of
it is all done as you can see this place
is covered in sawdust look at this it's
just like the ground just so much
sawdust trying to get a table flat is a
lot more work than I thought it was
gonna be
tonight can pull it back on because
you're beautiful daddy - cool
you like that yeah
guys I'm sick I think I'm gonna have to
cancel our picnic under the train
tonight that's right I'm really not
feeling good I'm trying to just fight it
off but I mean look at me I feel so
terrible hey please don't hate me but I
think I'm gonna have to just call it and
reschedule this well okay so I did the
400 grit I also did the 80 grit I also
do the 120 grit that's what I just
finished next of the 220 grit with my
orbital sander and then next I got to
start hand sanding it with the 320 and
I'm going down to 400 and then 800 and a
1500 grit all the way down to 2,000
which is basically hushing this one
should be pretty fast though here we go
all right so this is the plan I have
these steel rods steel bars crisscross
them right through through the center
when we get a piece of wood put it here
clamp that down real tight on the ends
of each Bush gonna be these just like
this I'm gonna lag bolt those in there
it's gonna look like that on the bottom
I just got them sanding the top you guys
just saw the top the whole time I've
already done the bottom cut out mom do
the hand sanding
this is the moment of truth skies will
sit flat on the ground I have a feeling
it's gonna rock but I'm just going to do
some adjusting Wow look at that it's not
too bad
no rock hanging so cool Wow
just look so cool in there Wow so nifty
looking next step underwear
tung oil the best part
that is just beautiful isn't it now I
just need help getting it into my living
room guys oh my god
merry Christmas to me yep it's just too
low it's a little low to the ground for
it to be like you know useful as far as
food and drink goes but it's still
beautiful
so beautiful you guys everyone go get
Stephanie as you guys saw earlier I
don't think but oh my gosh you guys it
looks so incredibly beautiful it matches
well in here oh man I love it
well guys although our plans were
cancelled we're gonna try to make the
most of this evening we're gonna use
this time that we now have to decorate
our Christmas tree which we have not
done yet but we're gonna do things
slightly different we have here these
bins full of Christmas things that we've
used you know years and years past a
symphony and I decided today that we're
gonna do something different
didn't we symphony you have
get the ball you go is that like a boss
8-ball this is pretty close to the theme
of the wreath on the outside of our
house huh
wanna know the butterfly's name back
yeah this one's Bridgette this one's
Coco and this one's butterscotch oh I
love it
symphonie come here business traditions
we have to put the star on the tree or
the Angels go back and down with Miss
sore wrists oh she's beautiful
look at that - Victor this tradition do
you guys remember this this is from your
first Christmas with us at Sam and Nia
Symphony and Abram
a little boat a fan-out locking you
dudes or pillows dad listen on Xbox find
us watching him daddy when you're drunk
plane I'm gonna watch the dream video of
you play do you guys hear that yeah me
neither
I don't hear you can either set that guy
that means everyone's in bed I have time
now let's do come another day and it
goes to inner Sam are you gonna paint
the new house and different color not
only member I paint it a different color
actually I don't know if I want painted
at all I may just do different materials
but it's called a completely different
from what you see and like all that
material is gonna be gone you ruin
everything I've been like studying how
to put a new roof on a house this giant
she did not go to school for any of this
that you see him doing
I don't even my mind is blown this is
this goes beyond Google one of my
friends was saying like you just boom oh
stuff I was telling her I was like well
that's a good point but I could Google
this and not be able to make it happen
and read and then reading stuff so
muscles got smarts and the coordination
thanks Ben all right let's move on to
question of the day question of the day
is do you have a favorite Christmas
ornament most NORTHCOM section blah well
my favorite one is our newlywed one with
sugared shoes oh that's cute but this
one's really cool he's on the spring
he's on a vert ramp look at that alright
guys don't forget we love you Coco Coco
thank you
