hey guys I just want to let you know
that our new intro is ready to be posted
and it should be posted in this very
block
to give
in this together good morning everyone
there you go there you go
it's Monday and that means Aaron's day
which sounds kind of like Aaron to hell
I always think of that check out this
little cutie I am so excited about this
little shelf I am going to attempt to
remove Sam's miniature shelf off of his
death and put the things he really needs
on that and make it look a little more
organized I think that's a lot cuter for
our craft room too I got so many cool
things to you guys I'm gonna be making
some Halloween reads I'm already getting
orders for like the seasons that come
later in the year and I'm really excited
about it I got this really pretty pink
and purple and orange mesh for the
spring I'm adding some yellow quarter
foil ribbons to it and it's me so cute
for the Fall I mean for the spring well
that's it guys how'd you like it did you
enjoy it which part was your favorite
let us know guys I really wanna know
what you guys think I worked again I
worked really hard on it what you got
honey I'm just saying when I got him for
his desk and this was he was gonna have
to do some major major decluttering of
that shelf by which 100 that shelf right
there has to be decluttered enough to
fit all of the essentials into this cute
little tree it's gold and black that's
awesome I love it oh wow okay I think
you can do it I might just choose that
one for my manly desk because it just
because your desk is manly we still have
a cute room
look at that cute product in their room
it goes good under this shelf and I just
like this do you hate it I can use it
for something else I don't hate it it
just doesn't seem like something to go
with my desk this is like my officer I'm
trying to keep it somewhat marry the
only manly part in the house is this
over here
and there's still not that man like it
well I mean yeah that's not something
where you use it for I could find
something for it for you maybe not your
craft area maybe in our room
wait but why did you choose poke it up
and start from my desk just care
just gonna be hittin by all your little
things you're right and it's just cute
it's just a cute little platter
or tray to keep it someplace small I
don't think I'll be able to stack
anything on there that's the point honey
you want declutter my point was let's
just try a few things okay so I'm store
with this guy in Clearview
I like this guy you know this is the
screen cleaner yeah it's great actually
clean your screen with it everyone's
fall I do okay let's just have him
pulled in it's on the thing okay
these little things you go yeah you
could put something else on top of it if
you needed to
we don't really necessarily have to have
this army man but I mean there we go a
man's lap I don't already don't like him
that's it's not gonna work now I need a
shelf I need a shot that's what I'll do
project time Bernie yeah right better
I'll paint it because I guess um there's
no like miniature shells me where I've
looked all over the place I can't find
it like in your target yeah let's just
keep that okay man he really does not
like this thing guys so check it out
I've just been home from Hobby Lobby for
like maybe 30 45 minutes and I just
finished a wreath and I loved it I feel
like if this is like the epitome of a
vintage wreath it's red first of all
there's a bow on it
burlap really vintage looking lace that
kind of looks like the old-school
doilies and then it's the same type of
lace around it I love that style I'm not
a hundred percent sure that the bows
going on in or not it's for a lady I go
to church with Andrea you guys have seen
her and so I just sent her a text and I
was like I love this bowed you like it
or should I leave it off so we'll see I
think she's gonna like it though I think
I might have the verdict right now I
have two texts love the bow that's so
stinking cute with a bunch of hearts oh
yeah hey she likes the bow I'm gonna
keep it there you go with that box got
something to give you
can you give me something hey hey bro
it's a hat buddy
and a mask let's cut some holes in it
make a mess are you ready hey bro hey hi
let's turn it like this I don't hurt
going down I'll fit you pretty good wait
wait that goes on your nose okay yeah
like that you like your buddy he likes
it when it's on you through the robot
dance it actually fits me pretty good
Booga Booga Booga Booga
so you sort of hurt my nose oh okay fire
buddy lay back yeah thank you time to
change your poo penis so today I putting
him down for his nap or Nia put him down
but he kept crying he wouldn't go to
sleep and I came in the room and I
patted his back to sleep is so sweet
I love it so much he does keep getting
you stuff doesn't he
hey I want the wrench can I have the
wrench thank you mister I'm gonna fix up
it now feels so good out here
guess hear about the big winter storm
coming in the Northeast we're not seeing
a bit of it over here it feels amazing
outside these past few days I mean this
is a perfect white road I think I could
do with this weather every day running
oh you were my encouragement but baby I
got it maybe we can I have to go to work
tonight here he comes
dear Ramon Torino excuses 2015 we're
about day dinner he's learning where to
stand did you find the circle look you
found it there it is don't kiss it so
this is where we teach our kids to stand
when we go anywhere if they get out of
the car before us or if we're getting
another one out of the car we'll time to
stand at the at the gas pump at the arm
gas tank and Abraham's learning it right
now it's so cute Yeah right here right
here right here
dog so so bad we're still getting a pet
guys we're still going to do that we're
just trying to make the time we've just
been so busy all of a sudden maybe next
week or something so dogs a name anyway
China by Shiner Bock beer
possibly come on buddy let's go eat mmm
good would you make us a kielbasa dish
kielbasa kielbasa which is Polish
sausage yeah and I made it and posted a
picture of it to Instagram I guess last
week and I had made it a little
differently so this week one of our
viewers suggested that I've tried turkey
sausage because I was trying to be
healthy about it so I did that I just
wanted to try it out and since there was
just turkey sausage turkey kielbasa so I
wanted to try that and there's
everything else is stretched like fresh
cabbage fresh potatoes fresh bell pepper
and spinach ya know it's actually green
cabbage Oh green cabbage it is so good
oh look how cute my role hats a little
butter tail looks hippy has a little
tail look you wanna eat the tail no come
on eat the tail come on guys you are not
gonna believe this the other day Abram
was playing with our coffee bowl I keep
a little glass bowl of coffee next to
the Keurig I sometimes put it down on
the floor for him to empty out I'm put
back in he likes to take him out and put
him right back in well he put them
somewhere he like hittin them around the
house there were probably about 12 of
them and I found two one was in a dirty
cup inside the dishwasher that he had
like turned upside down so that would
stay and then another one was inside of
Symphony's baby doll stroller well like
three or four days later Symphony's
getting into her craft drawers and what
do you know is so hilarious you think
there's gonna be more in those drawers
we've got eight more six or eight more
I'm not sure if there was ten or twelve
in the box so we've got about six or
eight more of them somewhere randomly
around the house
come gave your handsome daddy a hug
goodbye
can you pull I have to though one of you
I'm in a club a beach cuz what they just
do know you wanna miss me
yeah I'll be back in the morning I knew
that was coming
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other while you're at work
today tonight
I'm telling myself that right now I'm
looking at myself remember to love every
single one of your patients am love them
like you love yourself and like you love
Jesus good reminder right there hey
symphony are you cleaning yeah how's it
going thank you wow it still looks just
as messy looks like you're not quite
done yet you guys look at this playroom
oh my god so and the time it took me to
make three simple phone calls this has
happened I never talk on the phone when
I'm home alone with the kids it just
doesn't happen and if it does it's when
they're in the bathtub or sleeping so I
got some really amazing exciting news
today and I really want to share with
you guys I get to be a part of a really
exciting and beneficial live series with
the baby League I'm gonna be interacting
with several other mommy youtubers and
other people that are gonna be a part of
it as well and it's all going to be live
it wasn't scheduled and it seems like
it's gonna be something really amazing
and really awesome I am so excited to be
a part of it my first live hangout is
actually gonna be this coming Saturday
when we're supposed to do the Meetup
so the meetup time has changed it will
still be Saturday January 31st at the
Galleria Mall on the third level play
area at 5 p.m.
Oh
