as everyone started something new camara
push the buddy will he do it
look guys like this he's got to do it
with his foot
what are you doing but for some reason
right now it feels the need to push
buttons with his big toe and woke up as
the only child today and he's enjoying
that I think he's really enjoying it all
right there take flour to get ready than
you think almost taking a shower but
here let me help you Kiko put the handle
up there you go
go shopping bye bye he's going shopping
can you pick me up some blueberries
Walmart's out you have to stop somewhere
else oh you need your blanket ok can we
wrap you up Jillian wrap you up
ok leave them backing up into it look
he's getting ready look at him walking
backwards look just keep going come here
go bye bye see you buddy are you warm
what you always Falls after we do it
yeah see you later good morning to you
we're all in our places but sun shining
faces good morning to you so this is
where Nia and I go our separate ways
sorry Ani we're gonna miss you too I'll
see you soon we'll see at your wedding
oh yeah
I'm gonna have to get some pictures of
her she's gonna watch the way you should
not gonna help I think I may wear my
GoPro like I said I asked the bride
about doing a turn mouse over whole
wedding wearing the GoPro right here and
having it go off every 30 seconds
but yes thing is that - Donna I'm gonna
feel too nerdy about it then I want to
do it but it's not too long on wedding
it's all during the day however does
take place indoors
obviously it's cold outside he is
getting the little guy ready Abram is so
cute and has a little church attire then
I really dress him up like this cuz he
still napped so much during the day it's
just easier than any shirt or 1 0 maybe
I do your color you growing up I'm gonna
fix your color
that's my college boy he's a frat boy
ah-ah-ah bear would you ski bud you see
the bulbs bulbs blanket this guy just
loves this blanket ready to go to church
it is so fun when Abram faces the front
and Sam's car we're in Sam's good old
college clinker back there behind me it
has been such a reliable car for him
though for all these years so credit
insurance I'm teaching it every class
today with it's the 18-month old to two
year olds or something like that so
we're gonna see how that goes my first
time in there like as a teacher so we'll
see how it goes and no one's here to
help me with Abram no Sam no Sam P just
mom even up in a room in this big boy
class with all the big kids and he looks
like he fits - we're doing some worship
time
I'm so good in here like way better than
I expected it to be some of the older
boys are sitting down listening to me
we're down here do they hide it do you
remember what what did God make on day
one you lying it not the lion we lurk
two different things
hey good job minute to remember what God
made on day one say day and night do you
see Bennet do you see a minute up there
there's been a traitor berry here
remember what God made on day one what
did he make good job say day one the
littler babies were I'm trying to just
get them to understand the number what
they did Abram say one day once a night
and day and you say night and day get
you up get me five all right
I'm proud of them and just proud of okay
guys so I'm here at the wedding can't
really see it so right over here and
it's really windy here I'm trying to
find Sam
this is the babysitter guys Michaela you
didn't even want not even once applause
oh my gosh guys we'll leave it did y'all
have fun
we did the deal what he ate some
applesauce and he hates a new Scooby
Snack smells good is it take you to our
little babysitter's to watch Alan she
was a little cray-cray watch of my kids
I couldn't believe it
look at this Nike man Brian told her Bob
my blew her kisses he was so good now
where are we gonna go bye oh to be Bo's
we gotta go get Stephanie everyone's
missed her so much
hey berm is just having a conniption fit
over the cat hey once are so bad he's
chasing her down he's going in dark
rooms to find her and then she just kind
of large doubt of her corner and he
freaks out he is just like in the dark
room and everything he's just wandering
in waiting for the cat her video so how
the sleepover go Bebo went ill do we had
a real good time it was like my bread
look we watched cartoons
uh we had a woman for not to keep us a
lot so we wouldn't get scared the wand
well silly
sillies kit this is my senior prom dress
my mom still keeps it that's so pretty
I totally forgot I had this we went to
the the award ceremony that we were part
of I could have worn my own color so
that's my shirt so much prettier than
what I wore
honey you were home hey guys how was
your shoot
she went good guys I did the whole
time-lapse I'm working on the time-lapse
right now guys wasn't he so cute out
there with his camera and doing the
chesty I showed them when you were
adjusting the chesty yeah that was cute
I wanted to show you guys a little more
footage like my friend Caitlin that you
guys know was in the wedding but I'm so
stinking short I couldn't see over
anyone's head anything I was like having
to peek through cracks you guys saw that
a private party yeah they did sod it was
a pretty short wedding compared to most
energy usually it goes on through the
whole night and is dancing this animal
dancing at all really
there's just eating and stuff visiting
it's not even cutting the cake toast and
just I really wanted to show you guys
the property it was our mom's out there
but there were just people around and it
when the wind was horrible as you guys
saw it
Sam did you have a field day with that
probably or what I thought about you at
the property the blue roof yeah were you
just like in love with the setting you
raised it was real pretty but um suppose
another little old shed and very awesome
I can't wait to see what he got today we
go away for two seconds to talk to our
viewers another diaper party going on
I'm a little bit disappointed guys what
time I'm sitting turn out very well I
mean the pictures go up every 30 seconds
and that's just too long I knew that but
I feel like if there's any quicker than
that my battery would have died too soon
we have a wedding in it every 10 seconds
and still that wasn't that great but
I'll show you a sample what I got
you
you
hello like hello
yeah hi love hello hello how are you
hello how are you hey daddy I call what
was the hi plan the highlight of my day
when a brown bags his head like that
just now Oh favorite part
what when I wait the bebote ass and win
the car car the whole point of my day
was when I got tired the high point of
my day you guys was teaching the toddler
class at church today was my first time
with that age group and I fell in love I
mean really it was like a moment for me
I decided I'm gonna start teaching that
class once a month through a poll this
little guy has pretty much graduated
today class from the week he's
officially not a little baby anymore
no point of your day is I'm trying to
think I had a pretty awesome day you
guys I guess
the low point of my day is that my need
has been hurting and it's really
irritating me cuz I'm only 26 years old
I shouldn't have a knee that's hurting
when I bend ever try to watch it's just
like irritating me really bad but oh man
it doesn't hurt that bad I'm just more
irritated that you have her sight at
time the way I sit when I make my reads
I usually sit with my knees bent and my
mom was telling me today that's like the
worst way to sit and so I guess I'm just
enough to practice definitely bursitis
the low point of my day was when I
passed up the road and I was supposed to
turn on and drove ten minutes on my way
on my way to my wedding shoot today
that was pretty frustrating
that's the most domain in time my high
point of the day is sitting here telling
you guys about having a point of the day
was so I like sitting on the table my
family I guess that's a wrap
we'll see you tomorrow don't forget we
love you remember to love you don't be
angry to love again hey come on
