good morning everyone symphony where are
you going pah-pah-pah where's he taking
you Evo my dad's here this morning hi
Daddy
he came to get symphony he's gonna take
her to my mom's house the house is a
mess right now
are you excited you get to ride in
pawpaws truck for the first time yeah
well on time Wow thank you
yeah you think I shall like it wouldn't
would you fix it yesterday day before
tomorrow say last week wait go play
Parsippany I love you oh yeah you're in
the front seat yeah what do you think
about that oh my goodness hey Bob I okay
you guys something big is happening for
us today Sam and I decided to hire a
regular babysitter to come and watch the
kids when we want to go on a date night
or if I have a wedding to help him shoot
whatever and so we are meeting who is
most likely going to be our regular
babysitter today like in like maybe 20
minutes
her name is Michaela she's 18 years old
and I've known her since she was two or
three we went to church together dinners
in the crop fine pork roast and veggies
with beef gravy sauce something kind of
like that it's one of those like
prepackaged roses a nice long sleeve
shirt diaper and converse yeah buddy you
are one stylish dude you're gonna break
all the ladies hearts what your doggy oh
I see what he thinks he saw me pull out
our bag from Napoli's he started
screaming he's saying what he's saying
is
a bag from gotcha miss you symphony so
today for me is a photography day I'm
excited about today I haven't got to get
it to my photography in a while so today
I'm meeting with a bride here in about
an hour she's going to come here I'm
going to talk to her about her wedding
and then after that I'll be going to
somebody's house to do maternity
portraits and then tomorrow I have a
wedding shoot I'm really excited about
that I've got to shoot a wedding in a
while so I'm really looking forward to
that and Nia is going do it to the
wedding tomorrow yes so I guess today
I'm not gonna get to go in the woodshop
first day for a while Stan and we got to
go out there but not a big deal I'll
make me miss it and want it more there's
a parasol g7x all packed up and ready to
go I could melt that off too I'm bummed
about our camera can't big are broke it
is so stupid so soon I thought Nia would
be the one to break it score for me I'm
just kidding
last night I was very tempted on opening
that camera at myself and trying to fix
the lens I actually did try but I didn't
have a smaller screwdriver fortunately
because there's probably good idea that
I didn't do that
Oh dream
socket okay so how to come out in the
woodshop I just couldn't do it gotta
come out for a few minutes just destroy
my speaker and I might do a little bit
of playing I crave it
I crave this woodworking now I really is
just so therapeutic to be out here
Tamlyn with God and nature room just
woke up from his nap and he's going
nutso in here
Sam's over here working on our intro
he's finishing it up and Abram is just
jamming out he is so cute he's going
nuts just like bounce up and down
throwing his body on the floor house
finish it no not finish I got a lot of
work to do why trying to make it really
cool blow you guys away like like you
want to keep rewatching over and over
I'm trying to make it so it doesn't get
old you know cause you're going to be
watching it every single day so keeping
it the same song and I'm having trouble
shortening that song and it's something
that you know it's not so long and still
make it sound good yeah it seems pretty
tricky it still sounds a little cut up
to me the way he's making it sound right
now but it's coming together he keeps
working on it here and there giving
himself a breaks he's not getting burned
out it's pretty cool what we did that's
what our table looks like when
Symphony's away there's only one little
bundle of joy there where is she oh you
don't see sissy she really wants to give
her this beer for some reason
oh he's so sweet
we're sissy they'll find her ah yeah
that's your bed she's not in the
bathroom where is she where did sissy go
oh now he's on a mission she outside
he weary she liked those hands oh I
don't know where she went mom let's see
let's try this room again I don't know
if you guys can hear him mom farm on
it's totally saying sissy as he walks
around it were the best bedroom she's
not in her bed remember she went to be
Beau's house sissy went bye-bye bedroom
where's uncle Elmo there's a glow mom
uncle Elmo oh oh come here
was it glum oh poor Michael
every time I call him now come uncle
Elmo he has to do the impression no
matter how he feels
all right babe well good luck on your
shoot I'll see you after your name PB
and J you know yeah I took a quiz today
it said which Disney couple are you you
never best friends you took that quiz I
did my truck I was that board ok and it
said what food describes you and this
best friend of yours that's a PB&J oh
yeah yeah you say honey
which Disney couple where we um we were
waiting it through and piggie
what Oh am i waiting it for a piglet
just a flick cuz I ain't gonna be
picking it no way
so you're gonna be a big bad bear okay
you know boom with the kid bet I'm gonna
be yeah oh no did you get peanut butter
on my cheek Sadie and I are gonna go run
some errands
aka what we always are what what you say
guys what did she say
at your service my little man look at
your new ride ah get me down
I ran into Haley at Tanger and she came
up to me and said hi she watches our
videos oh I got a semi-related through a
little bit yeah somehow it's kind of
confusing like my uncle was married to
her aunt at one point eight years ago it
anyways so small world it don't fool to
see her and I was like hey I recognize
you from somewhere and she's like I
recognize you too from the videos that I
do her from like pictures that we had
done whatever anyways long story I just
wanted to introduce Haley and say hi Ana
okay so the reason I came to tanker I
ordered some stuff online and I got this
sweater dress it's like forever long and
Sandi thinks it's so ugly I don't think
it's ugly you guys want to see in the
mirror it was $8 and I'm so cute but it
looks weird looks like another it looks
weird cuz I have a big shirt on
underneath it but I like it
you guys get to see the cutest thing
Aaron's doing Abram hold her hand oh my
god shake it's right to hold her hand
the model kind of creepy and cute abysm
he reached up is that mama and he
grabbed her hand oh hey guys I'm on my
maternity photo shoot just want to
introduce you guys the Rachel and Ben
this is little birdy Belle oh what an
awesome name yeah little buddy bear
what's up a little we're out here just
doing some shots of the sunset behind
them with their little letters down here
yeah so what's cool about Rachel and Ben
I kind of follow their life story it's
been really cool I shot there
their engagement photos their wedding
photos now they're maternity photos and
hopefully they're newborn you
oh yeah and baby reveal photos so it's
been really cool I think they're like
the most consistent couple I've shot
it's been really fun and leaveth yeah
best customers too it got me a lot of
work
I don't reintroduce you once at a
wedding yes my cousin's wedding just
want to introduce you guys
by so how was your shoot
oh the shoot went great I haven't
uploaded but I haven't gone through yeah
I saw a sneak peek up to I'm like so
beautiful it just makes me want to cry
looking at no one edited pictures of us
all you see yes
a little bit emotional I'm not gonna lie
I'm gonna show you a couple times I've
got a little bit wet in the eye area
just because a couple just no no there's
just something so special not down
look at his noise girl he was letting go
water Abram say I'll be right back be
right back
say BRB the pressure is on
Nia really set you guys up for
disappointment no character not good
notice I'm kind of real quick guys this
is them in their little craft room this
one's a funny photo we're all cracking
up about especially me just one of those
cheesy ideas here they are in the window
just were sitting in a chair this is her
look in there bill in the mirror what
Ben in the background in the mirror
there she is again
they're reading one of her favorite
books are you my mother by dr. Seuss
another shot this shot I thought up
Toronto better than it did I don't like
that cluttered background over here I
don't I should have moved her up here to
eventually take this out the wall but it
still should have moved her up here is
really hard because there's a wall right
here the countertop right here as a
hallway but this photo kind of made me
teary-eyed a little bit just because of
the moment and just I feel like this
captures a relationship really well Ben
is really protective of her and he could
just kind of see he's showing his um his
caring side to it right now that's what
I get from the photo this here's one of
my favorites by far we did several in
the bed but I'm only allowed to show you
this one but this is one of my favorites
anyway look how pretty that is
jump the contrast when I'm a blacks
ma'am you got yourself a nice photo
that one's a romantic shot the sunlight
out there was just amazing
here they are spelling her name out in
Scrabble letters Ben was wondering if I
was getting this on camera and I saw
scooted back to get
pose this is just really funny beautiful
bokeh like this look at that again these
a little color correction I will fix
that right now
and exposure up a little bit
contrast turn up the vibrance and you
get yourself a really nice indie looking
photo right there this one turned out
great another kind of similar when I
just showed you I went inside some of
the brush to get some of that foreground
stuff right there and these are cute
cute I like this one her blankets are
back here in the background just stamp
that out because that's not naturally in
the scene so I'm okay with stamping it
out it went really good
tomorrow is my wedding shoot I plan on
doing like a time-lapse of it the whole
wedding shoot we'll see if my GoPro can
handle that and see if I can handle that
one while focusing on the wedding itself
and then yeah so kind of a bummer
optimist church anyway guys we'll see
you tomorrow for another fun-filled day
with the render family don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
No
for a nest
