morning ladies good morning what she has
reading we're reading about Sam today
when I see him book symphonies learning
a new word she's learned a lot of words
from these Bob wow that's awesome
sipping it can you read it to me what
does that sound me hey we're trying to
vlog over here mr. mr. gherkin hey good
morning guys
I've got some good news this morning so
so far for 2015 the theme has been no
excuses for me a lot of things have been
changed for me I've been helping out Nia
more around the house not making excuses
for not having time to help her I'm I
picked up carpentry started that no
excuses just going out there starting to
do it I got new shoes I got a gym
membership so you had no excuses and
this morning for the past six months
again I've been wanting to apply for a
new job and get a new job and get
started somewhere else and possibly make
a little bit more money till I apply for
a job this morning and I pretty much got
a call back right away they called me
back within an hour and it's really cool
because they're offering that little
sign-on bonus so that's exciting it's
not less hours it's still a night shift
so I'm really excited about that
not making excuses for not getting
another job a new job not that I don't
like where I work it's just time that I
move on so now I'm going to go out into
the wood shop I have no words so cute
you man run your brain buddy but well
your brain it's gonna make it easy okay
is there anything up you ready to take a
nappy buddy
thank you my name is daddy
sure society news
hey you do what is it tomorrow I'm gonna
spin and right at Bevo's house that is
exciting but we're gonna miss you over
here daddy don't worry cuz we may look
like grown-ups come back like a little
kid spend the night at houses they come
back okay good so I was getting sad and
worried grown-ups come back
hashtag Daniel tiger oh yeah we also
have some more exciting news another no
excuse for me we are going to make a new
intro that's been so long so we're going
to get on that today we're going to do
something a little bit different oh it's
going to be relatively the same but
we're going to redo all of it but you
guys will see we'll talk about as we do
surprise for Sammy you guys like my
makeshift rapping he's gonna think it's
a pillow he's walking out to go to wood
shop earlier in him as like I've only
had a good speaker where I could hear my
music for my phone and I got him an
awesome one for Valentine today and I'm
about to go get it to him early he's
gonna be super surprised knock knock
how's Valentine's Day present for you
risotto sir no I'm giving it to you
early cuz I want to
the phone is pretty loud out here good
yeah it's all wood okay it's made for
outdoor sound I know right the cool
thing about this is what I got it it's
made for outdoor sound
it's made from all woods and it's made
to carry out doors sound a little cooler
I got it
isn't it cute thanks cutie I'm
empty-handed
um okay we got a feeling you like it
it's so small I was disappointed I
thought it was gonna be big whatever
it's perfect you write this through the
picture on the Internet liquid okay good
sounds fair oh it does I tried it out
it's pretty loud has anybody seen Sam
have you seen Sam hey
no I'm Uncle Michael you miss me
your daddy's out in the shed you told me
to vlog it this how you vlog did you
miss me yeah he's kind of like oh yeah
baby oh just kidding
oh I'm daddy I'm the uncle Michael Kimmy
here yeah Amy you're so predictable I
don't know you're gonna yeah why would
you cry about that wait hey about it
good I look like Uncle Michael at first
then I trick you at first just a little
bit I'm sorry why did it make you cry
can you explain it to me okay she wanted
to love on you I don't know he is your
daddy all right so this is what he is
doing in our new intro my plan is to
have like us all doing something the
things that we really like to do you
guys will see the new intro
or the day after tomorrow I'm not sure
yet trying to get this um the Cory's
well I learned you guys know I like to
challenge myself to do new styles and so
this is a new style of then never done
just like primarily grapevine be shown
but right so we've moved on to symphony
shoot now she's painting some stuff
frozen this really is painting but we're
using this as her shot for the new intro
became a great twist they happy today
both of us got our hair cut we both cut
a lot of it off it cut more than I did
you guys like his neck she's trying to
see Michael and say Elmo go ahead Mike
she needs me I am about to walk into 94
nails I'm here to meet sandy she sent me
a text a little bit ago and said hey I'm
having a stressful day can you meet me
up here for about an hour
to chill and stuff like that so my sad
sandy okay no this baby is over five
pounds already I have seven weeks left
if he's already over five pounds
cup what's only seven pounds Thank You
Man I was bored so you're gonna have one
of those eleven pounders so I made
haven't had really huge babies he or
come out sooner probably well I feel
like he's gonna come out next week we
should give him we should update you
guys ship in the comments go guess what
you think he's due dates gonna be a
little bit fun never mind off of work
and the winner gets a shout out ice
cream well shouldn't you I dream on oh
so yes he's just feeling overtired and
pregnant I feel stressed out though
opinion the nursery actually Eric sorry
dumping a nursery and now I have put all
the stuff back together get a mattress
maybe we're talking baby shower plans
while ago they do for more details on
that close your ears
she's doing a great tip with a white
line com√©rcio gel love to work on
you're pregnant and it's like super
stressful and hot and you get hot
flashes and you have to like fan
yourself when people's receipts oh you
know Sam was saying he's like just tell
her to vent to the camera she'll get a
lot of encouragement from the viewers I
feel like she the latias know it's a
beautiful night for some Italian food
Napoli's his favorite Andrews least
favorite oh right no we're going here
for a in her baby
it's your favorite cereal - I like
cereal hi guys hey Doc good three and a
four and a half
no he's drinking the paper he's really
thirsty so what's your name ma'am yeah
ha cat zombie on TV you're on TV and you
get so embarrassed from the fill-up
public instead lodging it's like oh gosh
oh my gosh go we had some people at the
inn of our yard went through our garbage
and Iran says I'm gonna go water it just
like no don't my soul there's no don't
do it
I ran away hey guys there's no woman's
Abraham's telling everyone bye
you say how'd you guys
so cute he's got this new skill and
things are so cruel
kind of like me I got my new skill of
playing wood and I feel so cool I can
relate I can relate but I do not touch
that plate guys it's really hot don't
touch it because kurzon just don't touch
it would you get the best possible of my
Tetrazzini Tetrazzini I decided to go
with something a little bit unique this
year lasagna Wow Cindy got me oh yeah
drop your MEAP on the floor let it go
where's your meatball
I know these people
somebody sneeze happening then how the
hell you drop your meatball that's why I
sneeze oh my goodness just a song
playing oh boy
yeah three hours ago doesn't count
you take money good Walmart
ooh what about that I was a gift card we
got to Cheesecake back to my Jo oh my
god did not I pay $10 for that joke do
you guys believe I just broke our
vlogger what
oh you drop it all the time no she drops
all the time oh my - I dropped it at
this level seriously all my death like
this pretty hard but now the the lens
will come up so off the cannon my cannon
goes and back tour Sony for the next
couple weeks are you guys ready for some
shaky er video when I've got the camera
I'm gonna be working on it but he's
gonna pick this guy's just get ready for
me like this hey guys how's it going
yeah and good well so anyway
can't we just broke like that you just
never know when something's gonna fell
on you never put your trust in
electronic device okay trust me I've
learned my lesson
he's at it again hi a bomb so 1:00 p.m.
Galleria Mall third floor play area 1
p.m. 1:00 p.m. just so y'all know make
sure y'all here
okay guys we'll see you tomorrow give us
a thumbs up if you liked our day today
we shall just
Stephanie what do you want me to say Amy
not looking at her
