guys we have a pretty big exciting
announcement today stay tuned throughout
the blog to find out what our big
exciting news is for next weekend you're
going to want to hear this especially if
you're local to the Dallas area
by the same guy love but if a heart
we've got to live
got to give
and this together morning fan basic
how's everybody doing out there in the
world
morning fam basic how's everybody doing
out there in the world we're doing great
here at the rate of household woke up
pretty early feeling good except one
little thing happened this morning I got
a share with you guys so Nia took it
upon herself to throw away all my gel I
have like three different little puck
size jello canisters she threw him all
the way she thought they were empty she
said she felt them and they felt empty
so she just threw him all away so I woke
up took a shower and I had no gel and
that was Christian anyway hey buddy you
for breathing me and I did some cleaning
last night
doesn't look nice over here the only
thing that's just sticking out is my
photography equipment right here
we even got new things right here
because we hate the black ones or I did
hey how's it going today that little
phrase has been stuck in my head since I
watched The Goonies the other night
so last night Sam and I stayed up until
like 2:00 a.m. reorganizing this room
and just kind of like getting rid of
some clutter
we've been decluttering a lot of things
just kind of decluttering our lives you
donated a bazillion books we have
symphonies little school area set up
over here with like crafts that she'll
be making and stuff like that there's
her desk area a little more organized
than it was and Sam's desk well let's
just say that's a work in progress and
now we're just working on getting the
stuff that was already in here just out
and organized and cleared up oh hey I
was just talking about you
yeah you guys like symphonies hair she
let me curl it this morning she rarely
lets me curl her hair she dare tan with
it you did a good job you can get a
sticker for that page we're working on
school work right now wait let's show
we're doing school work right now
leapfrog preschool skills I think that
one of you guys sent that to it and I
really like it I like it because on a
we're we're kind of unsure about our
plans it's a fun way to do school if
we're not going to get to do like all of
our school time here's the heater I
already tell you guys that I called me
and my heater i'ma show you my progress
so far I got the first shelf done not
done but I got this surface done go help
I ain't cute it's nice and warm in there
right here check it out it's my first
shelf of course this is going to cut
have it cut that off yet
isn't that beautiful look at that
shimmer on there it's like as smooth as
a glass yeah this is several two by
fours blue together so I think it's like
nice so i planed it and then I sanded it
with a 2 mm grit but this is basically
what made it so smooth yeah that was my
that was my goal got all these shavings
they're so thin it's like paper are seem
to be Barney it's like almost thinner
than paper especially that is thinner
than paper look at that guy's see
straight there just can't stop touching
it so soft just want to slide down into
my belly yourself you just learned how
to make this in like a week
I believe in this I mean I can but this
is like better believe it there's like
two days ago
that's crazy it's so much fun I love it
yeah it was really
we may clean that up a little bit yeah
that's a good contrast because some
people are gonna look at this and be
like what is he talking about it's so
smooth because they can't feel it so you
can see how rough it is on the bottom
before there's too much for it obviously
playing out too much is so much smaller
well does the first one I've ever done
oh cool that looks so neat don't stay
there
you need like a stool oh cool what do we
have here who do you see Wow
you see the ball there's a ball right
there did we end in the window a room
hey hey we don't play with this stream
that's danger what is he doing he's
trying really hard to bite his toes Hey
Oh his teeth must be hurting he's trying
so hard to bite him well okay no not
against me are you gonna show sissy your
new doggy I know I like your curls today
we
we're gonna go see Paddington Paddington
originated I think like in Europe or in
the UK it was like a popular children's
story or maybe like a adolescent page
story over there and one of you guys
know I Sally sent us the book it simply
happened she took her time getting out
of the car we had to come in without her
sorry sweetie it's cold up there
please forgiving oh let me get the door
hey hey guys sorry sorry should be where
you go it yeah and there now let's go
quick quick we're gonna miss our movie
thinking here guys he's so cuddly today
hey bro get back over here
a broom came here watching movie and
only one just a Cajun who I'm good at
this game guys it's called the stacker
you guys played this game I actually got
a little bit to the top and won a
Nintendo DS in here no joke right here
at this theater
he's so baggy I love it it's so cute
he's barking at Paddington Abram where's
the dog
he's so cute barking at it Bears going
yeah this is pretty much Abraham's first
time going to the movie theater he went
one another time when he was like wait
we tried to take him to the movies
didn't win one time I can't dance babe
cuz I can't dance I don't know it just
wasn't blessed with it
what kid he can't have everything we
came here to see a movie
goodness gracious come on let's go movie
starting the movie would you get us come
on it's quiet in here we gotta be quiet
no but I can
Adri
gosh it's freezing outside
Sam is inside still watching his daddy
movie he left us in Paddington and went
to go see American snipers did you like
Paddington yeah what was your favorite
part when the lady didn't get Paddington
well when he was out of the stadium
what would that mean lady wanted him
dirty dirty boy play we're never gonna
prank come on mama
we'll stop eating to pray first
okay who do you want to pray for it
today pick one that one this is a price
famine if you guys want to read about it
kept Parnell one of our viewers give us
an idea of plate high-low at the dinner
table we usually play high but we never
play low all right so what was the
highlight of your day what was the high
point what was your favorite part of the
day going to the movies so what was the
worst part about your day when I didn't
get to do my game cuz I really wanted to
do
oh yeah and really worry that was really
worse okay would you pay part about your
day bro
alright let's pass welcome back to him
what was your favorite part
well the high point of my day is getting
ready to announce our exciting news to
you guys I've just been really excited
to announce go ahead and that's it okay
okay get ready for this get your pen and
paper write it down
On January 31st at the Galleria Mall in
Dallas remember that story floor at the
little kids play place we are gonna be
doing a group YouTube meet up with J
house vlogs and Matt and in vlogs and I
am so stinking stoked about it so if
you're local to the Dallas area at all
please make the drive we want to meet
you those of you who share your lives
with us every day those of you who
comment to a city fan mail stuff like
that we really want to meet you and just
you know Oh symphony maybe you gotta be
careful No
well well well anyway guys meet us at
the Galleria or what day oh just changed
so back to the beginning what was your
low point of the day my low point would
probably have to be waiting in the car
with the kids for Sam to get out of his
movie sorry Bowen that's a perfect segue
into my high point of the day and low
point American sniper was a high point
of my day and a low point it was a great
movie it was really good oh it was so
intense I was on the edge of my seat
literally I was just like oh boy that's
movie and I totally suggest it I usually
don't like Clint Eastwood films but he
did an amazing job in this movie I was
pretty surprised how much I liked it and
I was a true story which makes it that
much better anyway go see it guys it's
awesome
my low point too because it's so bad you
just get so ready for bed like this
isn't one to play anymore
all right here play hard yet yes this
day but he's calling for you I got his
rolling right now today
testing one two from Penn State we're
gonna bet now or you guys are going to
bed
we're gonna stay it for a few more
minutes if you know what I mean to do
laundry and to take a shower and to read
a little bit and to cut the vlog we get
to get the bunny today some of you guys
are talking us out of it now I'm
second-guessing it I don't mind the poop
so much is the peak of the poop you get
spot clean up but the pee you can't spot
it in toaster it's really smelling and
it's too late any items out there that
don't pay you guys I still want to look
at bunnies we're still gonna do that
alright guys we'll see you tomorrow
thanks for hanging out with us again
today you guys are great
don't forget and remember it
shop
