good morning guys some of you were
asking a while back while Symphony was
already making her Valentine's and the
reason is because it takes us forever to
get through a huge stack of Valentine so
look what we're doing right now they're
all over the place me baby and it takes
a while because she's learning how to
write her letters and stuff like that -
so this is for uncle Joon GI she load up
juju just been four again you said that
you wanted that one to be for Adam and
Candice hey guys
Abram where's the D hey where'd you put
your paper hey guys I'm trying out
something new with my hair and I wanted
to do it on the vlog and see how it
worked so sometimes when you put your
hair in a messy bun right after you
blow-dry it while it's still a little
bit damp it will come out with beachy
waves so let's see I can't get a hold of
the ponytail ela it's pretty beachy wave
it's kind of cool we are off to do our
weekly grocery shopping daddy's home
today first day of the week what are you
up to little Chad for sharpen one year
Bob Jack playing you have to sharpen
that you're gonna sharpen blade on it
what is it it's a blade it's to make the
wood I got smooth oh cool
Halon thinks he's going outside with
Daddy okay does anybody know what time
it is
don't time do you know what you're gonna
get now I'm still thinking about okay do
you remember how much you have to spend
okay not six okay ten dollars she
babysat Abram two times for me this
weekend so she got five dollars twice so
she can get two $5 toys you can get one
$10 toy or she can save it and get a
bigger toy next time when she has $15 or
$20
I need a big
it's not gonna be dabbing $10 $10
okay I've just got to say that I've
started trying to feed our family with
all fresh ingredients and healthy meals
and it makes the grocery shopping so
much easier pretty much does everything
comes from like the deli the produce
area and they're all next to each other
in the grocery store it is so easy and I
love it I got bunny shavings what do we
have to buy any of that use my own aah
what do you see that's treasurer you
already have treasurer financial Garvey
uh-huh she looks cute that one's $20
wait no it can't be 20 this one's 10
this is $10 and it's um Aurora's little
kitten her name is beauty well look at
Bill sweetie they only come with tails
I'm just being honest I think it sounds
kind of like a boring toy okay do you be
here are you sure that's what you want
to do did you want to look at the coast
look at April he's going crazy what is
that cutie is that a doggy oh my gosh
so you can't even handle you right now
Abram you are too cute Hey Wow well does
that seem like something you'd want yeah
sure did I feel any different oh yeah oh
my goodness he has been telling everyone
hi today guys I just have to stop before
I Drive home and say thank you so much
we just got a week's worth of groceries
and then some for seven dollars and
fifty cents and that's all thanks to you
guys several of you sent us gift cards
to Walmart and you helped us buy
groceries this week so thank you thank
you thank you we really appreciate it
simply say thank you
you thank you thank you kind in a
selfish hey man thank you something
Madison here yeah would you make us real
cheese's grilled cheese double cheese
yeah double cheese crap happy afternoon
guys I've been out on the woodshed
planing two-by-fours he just got home
from the where'd you go grocery store
grocery I haven't told you I tell the
viewers thank you hold the muscle
carrying in all those groceries what you
want to thank the viewers are you thank
them huh thank you for what we got our
groceries for $7 links with the
groceries for grip from gift cards they
all sent us thank you so much for all
the groceries you guys are awesome
taking care of us so this is what you
bought us one of the things you bought
us grilled cheese ingredients no really
good did you think the viewers for all
our groceries she's your dim yes Nick
you a couple you guys wrote us some said
it seemed like I was a little bit off
the past few days I really wasn't sure
what you're talking about I was just
like weren't they talking about there's
nothing really in particular that's
going on any different than any other
day for me other than I've been working
maybe a little bit more than usual so
that could be part of it if it was tired
you've just known the blog as much I
woke up sick the other day and I don't
know but I've missed you and I'm back so
that's all that matters yeah yeah yeah
yellow Abbey there you go you can either
of mine you know why that's a little bit
all right
Janka you know I got a whole one was it
also a sieve and eats our vegetables so
well yeah
I'm just so proud of her your yellows
yellow too
oh there you go
so what symphony daddy I like take a
pickle and a bell pepper together sounds
good
hey buddy so this guy's having a problem
of hitting he's getting kind of rough
he's trying to a rough little guy I'm
not sure where he's getting it from I
heard that little boys are just rough
but they just like noted that they hit
stay I remember Sadie tell me that cuff
went through like a pinching bass or
something like that yeah oh I know where
are you getting that from
I think she pig pee only I'm gonna more
when I tell you a little boy that Nana
watches his neighbor you know this is
what is that what is that hey we're
trying to find out bunny for us uh
Petsmart doesn't sell bunny so I'm like
you're on Craigslist and bunnies aren't
that cute but the ones I'm looking at do
you think bunnies are cute
some of them are that was not the great
ones cute yeah he's cute a pretty cheap
like 10 20 30 bucks
do you guys like this bunny he likes
this netherland dwarf button Oh cute
where's their bonds with the bunnies
that's interesting Abram I like that one
because it looks like a dog Grand
Prairie look at that face oh my gosh
that is so cute
he's cute you what are you do sorry
stepping away
hi buddy mom oh I'm dead dad do you want
that - Dada say Dada Dada and I'll get
you what
what'd ya say dad that maybe he did it
smell something you smell something I
smell poop or chunks you did go poopoo
his potty training town for this guy
where he could point out his diaper tell
so just pooping are you can use the
toilet we are back at the table
so last night me and I lay down and we
watched Goonies together for the first I
fell asleep like 10 minutes and 15
minutes into the movie yeah he was
snoring like crazy Oh snoring yes I kept
having to rub your ear like this and
you'd like jump and stop snoring for a
minute was I going it is yeah you're out
so tired I was so tired so first
reaction when she heard hey Mikey
hey Mikey mouth full saying that to uh
Mikey she was like what is that where
you get that from
guess he always says that to his twin
brother Michael once ok yeah all set up
to him and then um she heard what you
hear and then another one of the kids
was like one kid hears this and Sam
Rukia Sam and his brothers always say
luck kid like that and I've never heard
that before I met Sam I mean I think a
lot of people say it now back but then
she heard her you go oh my gosh you guys
it was like a revelation I wasn't I
haven't had that rain I haven't had that
phrase like my entire life and I always
just kind of went with it I thought it
was just some funny thing and who knows
from the Goonies I was like wow
everybody yeah
a something you are off the goodies but
you can't do I lack and you're grounded
ah
remember romancin when I get a little
older Wow fight for half yeah can I help
you a run you did the other one oh my
gosh you decided trying to sit in it oh
that was pretty smart buddy me and
Symphony we're just getting ready to
color and then this broke out this is
actually materials for Sunday school I
have my little bin over here that's all
for Sunday school and whatnot
so I got the cotton balls out there he
goes whoa he said now I don't want him
in there kind of overstep there buddy
Kevin liked it he said I'm gonna go he's
in his paratrooper PJ's yeah I love
those
you know what that tool is called
injury--oh
ad real yeah oh you know a drill honey a
drill daddy but this is how I say it
Trio disappeared while we were preparing
pickups my favorite destroy your droid
to put in that little box over there
this box over here don't have a
destroyers or lloyd-george destroyed I'm
gonna open them I've been telling Sydney
that she can't open it because he's my
favorite
I remember when Episode one came out
freaked out when he when he showed up I
was like oh my gosh I awesome get it in
the theater and then I looked everywhere
for this but I'm a Star Wars collector
or I was a Star Wars but in the world
isn't it worth nothing so we all every
once in a while anyway
take it away I'm gonna carefully yes
wait did he did was hard to pull him
hard
you're right he's not
lucky shoots a gun oh my goodness peace
it's enjoy slams oh cool Symphony watch
this you load them up but these little
bullets here be like of shoot Symphony I
don't know maybe
oh yeah maybe you just like you know
shoot him out oh like that
yeah Hey
is to have a bunch of shelves full of
these doors boys so this guy represents
all of them I like it okay looks creepy
you're right here if you like him
Symphony yeah he scary okay hey we'll
get out of looking yeah
he's gonna say mama all right guys we'll
see you tomorrow don't forget Oh
tomorrow we may go get that you know
what
oh yeah they text me so we can come
tomorrow Oh cold so we so we got a
response from um that person that we
text about that you know though so we're
gonna go check those out there oh come
on it's gonna be fun what
right dad it's a surprise no tell me
it's a surprise baby we're gonna do it
tomorrow okay okay but you gotta sleep
whenever we get surprises tiffany has a
lot of trouble sleeping you got to sleep
though okay cutie okay don't forget guys
we love you uh and we and remember to
look let me Jerry
big toy today
