mommy's All Stars right I'll star at the
letter D all star at the letter D y'all
I'm so proud of such a proud mommy you
are my sister
they by the Stanga love by the same
if mum
we've got to give up
onward
in this together good morning we are
fulfilling our library duties today
since everything was closed yesterday
and we have ballet so I usually don't
try to cram so many things into one day
usually ballet day we just kind of chill
but not today I'm get a puzzle okay go
get one hey straight for the keyboard we
haven't been in the library in awhile
since like before our trip to Florida so
it is long overdue I wish we could stay
longer today but unfortunately we can't
cuz we have ballet
what puzzle did you get Oh Tinkerbell
you ready to put that together okay
let's do it come on here behind you
well it turns out we're missing like
most of the pieces these are all the
outer pieces we have so symphony kind of
gave up on the puzzle ah he just hit
symphony
he heard me say water fountain and he
took off back you ready let's get a
drink
don't touch it get a drink nobody need a
drink with your mouth open oh he doesn't
know what to do and I'm the only baby
are you singing to your baby sister
called mr. duck
what a fine sister you are baby stops
think she forgot to look he's just
tickled hot stuff on her fat little feet
never got to look ah oh my goodness you
guys look what Symphony just found
Olaf's one two three we gotta get that
one sis you wanna read it right now yeah
well you guys want me to read all off to
you let's count starting with me see I
have one carrot nose two very happy arms
and three buttons on my tummy I think
I'm gonna check it out in to get with
Abram for a while I like reading books
like that because it helps him learn to
count mmm sweet girl picking on her
books that was probably the most
unsuccessful library trip we have ever
had
don't step off the curb sweetie Abram
they're like three little fits he took
off running after Symphony one and fell
and busted his little head he didn't
bust it but he's got a pretty good car
covered
um yeah he was just into everything and
not wanting to cooperate with what I was
wanting him to do oh my gosh you guys
Abram is blowing my mind right now
sometimes the things he learns and how
he learns it just literally blows my
mind at the library today we worked on
the letter D and he said it he seemed to
recognize when he came back Abram
where's the D where's the D Abram II D
no joke you guys he was looking up
you're pointing saying dee dee dee I
swear I think you recognizes it that's a
D he D is for doggy hmm that's his first
letter to learn well I know some of you
were over there rolling I was like oh
please there's no way he knows that but
I know my baby and he was over you're
pointing Dee Dee Dee repeatedly just
standing here no like what what do you
see what do you see hmm hmm where
where's Dee Shelley it's nap time for
the D master that's my new decay for him
then I can for the D master look at all
those packages Wow
we'll have some fun opening those after
ballet won't we yeah let's head out the
door
now we got it ready let's go dance and I
are gonna go head next door to this
boutique we can get a donation for show
when you guys contacted me on the email
side for donating the shells auction I
got one message from someone on Facebook
know if it was from you guys or not if
you want to the email to send to me
donations to is bidding for benefit at
yahoo.com that's bidding for the number
for benefit at yahoo.com and we're doing
it a little different it's not like cash
donation I mean you could send that and
if you want to certainly email me let me
know I'll direct you the right place to
go but we're taking like real donations
and we're going to have a live online
auction so if any of you guys want to
donate like your Etsy stuff that you do
or just anything just let me know
did you see this thing here is a good
conversation opener a lots of people ask
me about it why I did it so I got give
me a good opportunity and talk about my
friend shell in breast cancer and the
auction all of that
okay so we're home and it's time for us
to open up this plethora of packages I
bet you guys are wondering what this is
it is all I think all of it it's all
from the thrive market I ordered a ton
of diapers lots of healthy organic
snacks and actually I just realized that
I'm out of two of the ingredients I need
for our dinner tonight and within these
boxes is our healthy organic dinner
we're gonna have organic vodka sauce
pasta baby stuff right side of this it's
coconut 70% dark chocolate yummy what is
this
oh yeah toasted coconut chips Symphony
let's try this right now okay organic
coconut chips yummy symphony and I both
love coconut see oh wow that's really
good oh my goodness gonna try it
Wow
that is amazing they're made by dang
haha that's right dang these are good I
got this for Sam I wish she was out here
to see it all super food cereal acai
blueberry it's superfood it's supposed
to be like really um energizing there's
a baby in the diapers in there I think
again all right somebody's doing her
favorite chore of the day she walks
around with the Febreze can and sprays
all of the rooms we didn't do it yet
today did you get it in your eyes maybe
don't do it up above your face okay what
room are you in your next I didn't spray
the bathroom good job cutie that's a
good chore for her to do because I
usually try to walk around and spray all
the room so they smell fresh but lately
I've been forgetting and Symphony loves
to do it sounds like one I just make
that a chore it's fun she gets a spray
stuff it smells good it works perfectly
I find
who art in heaven Hallowed be like may i
can them come i will be done as it is on
heaven on earth as it is in heaven give
us this day our daily bread I've been
working on that for the past few days
she learns like a stanza a day good job
since I'm taking five Cepeda tea
yeah I saw her was it on the blog today
today's my transition day where I go
back to my normal schedule so I've been
just so sleepy I didn't really want to
appear in front of thousands of people
it just wasn't up to it today but um
hope you guys doing good tomorrow's
gonna be a fun day
but guys don't forget we do love you and
remember love each other
for amnesty
