good morning guys mommy got uh epistaxis
what you doing in there honey I see you
I'm trying to teach her how to do it
properly guys I'm a nurse I know how
this is done you have that stuffed up
and I was like everybody does and just
let it keep bleeding how it clots off
but what you need to do you need to get
a cold rack or just run it under some
cold water so can roll good and push it
across here you know post a hit put your
head back like so people say you hold it
forward okay just squeeze till it stops
the cold rag helps close off the blood
vessels that are bleeding and then after
you're done you want to get some
vaseline and lather up the inside your
nose with it like this what does that
Tiffany I got something for you I
thought you'd be do I'm gonna do did you
suck my boogers while you're sleeping
I'm gonna take some of my boogers and
implant them inside of your nose I'm
gonna do a booger transplant audio okay
yeah yes so when you wake up in the
morning and you pick your nose and you
want to eat it it's gonna be my boogers
are you going to eat them still just
found the best way to get your color
will stop eating of their burgers tell
me you're gonna put your boogers in
their nose that's not a doughnut that's
a sausage roll buddy yes you throw a
piece on the floor looked at me like
sorry but did you dream about last night
I'm dreaming about you me a bruh
going to Hobby Lobby Oh what were you
guys buying were you looking for
something
well I wanted to tell you something
what I wanted and what I wanted at Hobby
Lobby Oh too big of a bite buddy do you
guys remember yesterday at the end the
vlog I was telling you about the IV that
I started on that lady
I had a pleasant surprise last night
while I was working I got a phone call
from a lady she was at home but she
works at her Hospital in the lab and she
called to thank me for starting that IV
because she was transported to Parkland
and they used my IV to give her all the
drugs she needed and she was really
happy that I had did that for thanks
honey you'd be proud tell me stories
like that I bet Terry morning morning we
had to take a good morning yet knows I
think there's only one more news for
momma 98 it
Orso symphony and i are laying here in
bed and I just really felt the need to
document this because I really want to
remember so I had me go get the camera
for me but um we're going to this phase
where Symphony wants me to tell her a
Jack Skellington story pretty much every
time I get off work and go to bed
she comes in here says Danny and was
just tell me Jack Skellington story and
we usually make up our own story like we
go in the woods and we make up our own
doors and then she'll tell me what a
door jack is supposed to go down and
stuff like that so yep so this time I'm
just going to hang out of the story with
something
they lived a man named Jack the palm
king so Jack didn't like where he looked
there are few who deny at what I do I am
the best for my talents are renowned far
and wide when it comes to surprises noon
were tonight I excel without ever even
drying with the slightest little effort
of my ghost-like charms it's your
favorite thing about Jack Skellington
hmm daddy likes to go down doors
yeah doors and trees mm-hmm that is
pretty cool I love that about Jack
because I like to go through doors but I
don't like to go down doors you know
what I mean how'd it go down boy you
doing interesting daddy
what when we make one of those doors you
have to try going down okay well we have
to make one down it so we won't just
fall yeah the one has to pull you inside
yeah she's telling you all the things
that we did don't tell the story it has
to be ground out like no ground or York
or no grass huh who thought you guys
might want to check out my straightener
at me and see how this hotshot tools
brand alert let's see here
that's pretty good and then get the
whole strand in there the only thing
that I regret about you know by my new
straightener is that I wish I had gotten
a wider plate it's one inch I wish I'd
gotten like - it looks pretty good
there's my curl left a little bit of
crease up here though not a big fan of
that but probably just because my hair
is really clean I don't know we'll see
alright so I'm pretty much done there it
is pink and everything left Symphony let
me straighten her hair look how long it
is when we straighten it and so healthy
like being it's always interesting to
straighten kind of curly wavy hair you
don't say come in okay Elsa Elsa and
mommy what do you plan are you're
freezing hearts again oh no oh good
happy Martin Luther King jr. Day to you
guys I think realized it was holiday we
had an arancini
and also go to library drop off some
Bolivia check though and we didn't get
to do it because it's a holiday and I
was like why is everything closed like
on the calendar yeah
so we're here for a playdate at Tess's
house she was right down the road yeah I
do see you're running around the house
what are you doing up there what were
you doing you guys reckon I symphony
shirt wait open up your arms let us see
it this is a shirt that symphony were in
the frozen video the one that went viral
she was running down in the back seat in
the original one that started all of
this madness tonight for dinner we are
having creamy chicken enchiladas they're
not ready yet
but they're almost ready and they're
gonna be yummy they don't pop they just
kind of feel like Rice Krispies
everyone's about the trailers pop rocks
for the first time
open candy me I'm gonna pair candy what
is so sneaky
it popped out of his mouth he goes
symphonies first time I've pop rocks
come in your mouth Abraham's wearing
sissy sunglasses this is the longest
you'd left a pair of sunglasses on it's
so interesting
what do you see buddy what do you think
he looks like symphony he was like hey
neighbor I'm are you playing with Tammy
look this here our neighbor came over to
play - and maybe for Valentine's
I could go to build-a-bear and get you
do an animal what animal do you think
you'll make I don't know get every guy
what all animals they have I think a of
different animals
yeah probably one day we may even get to
break up would we could see if there's
dog he's a neighbor he could build with
when he gets a little big like me oh
that would be cute and fun maybe we'll
have to do that sounds cute have you
guys ever taken your little ones to
build-a-bear
