all snuggle up on the couch today we are
gonna try to do stop and smell the roses
slowly and Abram are not feeling well
and so they're single in church which
always kind of starts my day off so
we're watching tangled tangled his
mommy's all-time favorite Disney movie
he gets up there and stains iSeries down
yes those are cars so cute reminds the
Lion King you know watch a lot of TV
around a show on movies especially on
the big the bigger screen he just kind
of flips out he's not uses so time for
my morning coffee
and I am just going to chill with the
kids it's really hard for me to just sit
down as you see how a city was symphony
now up walking around the kitchen
putting my breakfast like that but no
I'm just gonna sit down and enjoy this
movie with the kids I need it I'm going
to relax and chill are you ready to come
chill with us come sit with mommy and as
soon as we get all cozy he smells kind
of poopy oh no no no you're Jews mmm
thank you oh I bet he's gonna bring me
all the Legos now thank you have a card
yep
are you on the potty that's where you go
poopoo hey bro this is his first day to
sit on his potty seat do you like your
seat I know his face looks a little
dirty you guys but it's just chapped
he's got kind of a cold right now it's
making it look red and dry which kind of
makes it look dirty yeah I know wears a
PPC where's your peepee go take low b.p
oh yeah good job next up is to start
putting him on without his diaper I
didn't really start with Symphony until
she was a little over to April 16 sold
today 16 months old today first time on
the potty seat we will see how this goes
alrighty points to his diaper into his
poo poo when he goes poo poo so I mean
he's really showing signs of some
he was ready to potty train and to carry
on our stopping to smell the roses we
went straight from our movie to story
time before he walked to school Kiran
often went with his father to the tram
stop to wave goodbye to him the sales
are always amusing it's true but the
Lions the best thing to see at the zoo
so that night when the zookeeper went
home to bed Eduard jumped from the pool
and he smiled as he said the Lions the
best anybody can tell so tomorrow I'll
be a lion as well hi viewers we did now
got done from ready lave mom you know
they're gonna Bobby his little buddy but
also the movie is over
I turned the movie ah hi Justin Singh
and therefore TV wish you clothes and
were cool that's um - meanest bird and
Lu ah take it closer look at the red
hey cool and cheeky tough acting on
Florence different bag and the apron is
just like like yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
it evens really funny today and also we
think Avram has a fee
buddy this is it away from where my god
hey Abrams sure is stopping to smell the
roses this morning he came over here
plop down and covered himself up with a
blanket what are you thinking you cutie
boy he's so cute that is that a sucker
he's eating one of the Japanese treats
we got I think they're hard and low-key
I'm not sure if that's even how you say
it but you know like the little bubbles
that you get at Vietnamese coffee shops
and stuff like that oh my gosh so cute
this is from Naomi's Ehlers do you know
that says anything it says dr. symphony
look she dressed you up as dog that's
you oh that's awesome
daddy I see stuffy Lambie is so neat
here's her letter dear Sam Nia symphony
and Abram sporting my scarf from Naomi
look how cute that is sparkly it's so
cute it's kind of a curly pattern it's
really cool symphonies is very similar
hers is braided sparkly purple I put my
stuff on you want to put your nut
oh there's symphony and her scar she's
gonna go put it away in her scarf cubby
now okay i doin where okay it looks
pretty yeah what do you miss being in
Texas oh yeah I stay busy here
oh six weeks I've been here fine I know
it's been a while we miss you I decided
to actually get the kids dressed and run
an errand I have desperately got to get
hair treatment for my pink hair and so
we're gonna run to Sally's Beauty Supply
Symphony has sporting some awesome
turquoise jeggings today show off your
stuff symphony yeah girl what a pose
baby oh there are too many straighteners
for me to choose from and they don't
have the brand that I'm used to
by Abram thanks buddy he likes carrying
my basket
oh did you drop in I think Abraham's
just trying to apply for a job here look
at me work I'm good at this guy's he ran
out the door and he is on his way to the
train oh you can't walk to the train it
makes you can't go to the train I'm
going to Cairo
check it out guys I got a free tote bag
in there along with my straightener and
color treated shampoo and conditioner
which is much much needed this is the
straightener I ended up going with hot
shot tools Helen of Troy ceramic
tourmaline that's what I ended up going
with hopefully it works out good I'm a
little nervous about it I had the same
straightener for like seven or eight
years and left in LA I've been doing
without for probably a good month and a
half now so I'm a little bit overdue for
a straightener
Oh what to do 21:09 on the road
daddy doggie
he's been so scared of that dog lately
you like Vitamix what's his name
symphony
you know fluffy fluffy that's right are
we going to DVD big boy look at the doc
you pet the dog yeah he's a nice doggy
he's nice he's the best dog in the world
no it's okay pepto doggy don't worry
less yes you scared yeah he's a nice
doggie pet the dog he loves Maggie Mike
yeah see he's a nice doggie simply's
petting the doggy you wanna sit on my
lap started reading a book today and I'm
gonna read all the way through I've read
it before and I would I would like for
you to read it with me okay
that's like shepherding a child or show
it to the viewers to me I've read it
before and I just realized that um I've
kind of gotten away from the way that
I've disciplined symphony ever since
she's you know Bennett old enough to
discipline in this book has so many good
things in it like talking about try like
training her heart and like when you get
on to them like you know you don't just
like want to stop the action which I
feel like I knew that I used to not just
try to stop the action and like just
since having Abram up I'm all about just
good behavior good behavior but you have
to target the heart and so I've really
been practicing that today and I'm
telling you like I'm not exaggerating
I've seen like a world of a difference
in symphonies behavior today
yes just like but because she knows like
they're not like kids are not stupid
like she knows that I'm when I just want
the action to stop versus when I care
about her really why she's doing it from
it so I wanted to ask you to read it
with me yeah I want for sure keep each
other accountable I've been kind of
confused on how to promote - and her you
know get her to get to a heart like you
said okay so good I mean just just like
let me just read a little bit to them
the scripture teaches that the heart is
the control center for a life a person's
life is a reflection
of his heart including you and me
proverbs 4:23 State's office above all
else guard guard your heart for it is
the wellspring of life daddy is getting
ready to leave for work
No did you he can't find his work badge
I'm usually pretty good at finding
something like that for him but this
time I was no help no no such luck no
such luck come on no he said well
sweetie I'm eating daddy's lunch beep
beep Abrams laughter work guys
he's even making the driving noise this
we I wish I had fun while I was driving
I do have fun sometimes oh it's a
podcast I bet you guys are wondering how
my shoes went last night they actually
went really good this seemed like to
tighten a couple places but I think I'll
break into him so that too bad that's
good that's good yeah I got home I even
left him on the whole time I went over
the vlog that me edited I always rewatch
the blog just to make sure I proved of
everything you put in so that's not I
was proud of myself in the ER my
husband's room once well I'm pretty good
stick IVs I'm one of the go-to guys I
can work one of the machines really well
the SonoSite machine that helps guide
you with the needle into veins if we
have a person who's a really hard stick
because what we call him but last night
or yesterday I went and stuck a patient
and she's like wow you got that one
stick I was at parkland last week and
they stuck me seven times before they
got a vein I got it on the first stick I
was like well hey that's good I said
probably just luck but it also depends
on baby I was proud of myself either way
what is this I thought she couldn't go
to work with you who's been a little
relieved oh my goodness I'll miss you
buddy love you
I
like how tiny she is America is so cute
your first time in the big seat okay
time to get out oh come on cutie what
better way to top off a lazy day than
with cookie brownie mommy
okay I have can i plug that in all by
myself
we'll see you okay mmm all done now you
bake it at 375 for 27 minutes mm-hmm
here you go cutie pie try it out how
does it taste
mmm the baggie is good here you go buddy
what do you think mmm my turn
check it out guys it's like cookie dough
inside of the brownie mix mmm good night
guys don't forget we love you and we
love brownies too ha that's right we do
and don't forget to love each other
