yeah
my sister made by the same guy loved by
the same
we've got to give
where I won't
in this together how are you I'm good
doing supposed to give him a hug from me
and so on how do you like it thanks for
letting me be creative with it almost
over business is over we decided to come
in and make a little bit of our girl des
morts especial Symphony's checking out
the treats she's really good I'm going
to just get a coffee
what'd you get sis a rice krispies treat
I didn't have her cookies the best
barista ever Stacey no don't go be on
YouTube oh why not
you're so cute though I've known Stacey
for a few years now and you live gonna
have them what would you know packages
we got our packages ghosts if you notice
anything different in the bathroom
something different yeah what do you say
we got a new faucet try it out no squeak
and we have exceeded our budget on
replacing faucets in the house for the
year so plug our new faucet and I'm done
with that sink now I can move on with my
life and these of cereal Wow cutie did a
great job I love the blue really kind of
goes with this wall sort of it does
actually yeah it's a little off but from
a distance it looks like if you just
like real fast
but I like it cuz I like you two more
right here at anything bumblebees and
owls and what ladybug ladybugs so much
better now we just need to replace these
bag of toys from well another bag
another well we have to next month I
guess we have two new bags and the toys
I gotta go there Abrams clothes again
that's the benefit of having a small
house you don't keep a lot of stuff so
you can't your house is too small and I
appreciate that I don't like keeping a
bunch of stuff oh hey guys how you doing
cutting these two by fours to get ready
to plane them down let me show you what
I got so far
so I'm creating this whole shell by hand
and right now I'm just lining it on the
floor just so I can see what it looks
like before it actually gets started on
it I decide I'm gonna do this all by
hand I have electric saws and everything
even you know drills I'll probably end
up using drills just to fasten it to the
wall but I'm going to be gluing all this
together but I get this cool pull on it
cuts very clean I didn't know that about
pencils and yeah so I'm excited this is
really fun I love being out here it's
therapeutic actually and the nice thing
about it is I notice is I'm not doing a
power tool thing and I was like what why
not do the pencil thing it'll go by a
lot faster times like you know I'm doing
it because it's enjoyable to do it I'm
not trying to get to a result like if I
was working on the house trying to
complete a room that'd be different
because I'm trying to get some I'm
trying to complete something and get to
a
is old but with picking up a new hobby
doing something that you just love doing
you're not in a hurry to get it done
this bench may take me may take me a
month or two but as long as I'm doing it
every once in a while it's fun
oh whoa what does it say on it I know
this is from September but you can still
look oh it's called be forever oh this
is so cool this is from when they
brought back the original ones I think
welcome back Samantha that was nice of
them to give you that new magazine this
is from Jada oh that was so sweet say
Thank You Jada Thank You Nick Gina that
really is like the key to her heart how
sweet that was a really thoughtful thing
to send a symphony thank you
look at this cool Japanese snack their
Japanese Kit Kat I wonder if they're
like mint or if they're green tea what
do you think that is that is so awesome
I can't wait to try this Rachel Rachel
hi right
hi how's it going she was like I can't
wait to show right so my outfit she gave
her she dressed in everything from you
today
hey Andrew oh my god wait and run your
treat is that your Christmas gift from
Andrew yes so cute yes I loved where's
your stupid leg lamp is it wearing a
shoe wow that's cute yes is it with
green tea Jeff says they're good I want
to show you guys Rachel's shirt it came
from Mandy Murray right isn't that
definitely this agree on Instagram she
has a view merger and she ordered
jewelry from Rachel a couple times right
mm-hmm
show her a lottery for Christmas and
other stuff and she's my awesome
customer and she sent me a measure what
that is so awesome and she even sent me
a favor as all the moon favors on me she
knows you well yeah so you Andy that's
okay thanks Andy I love it thanks for
supporting my sister much if you love
you Oh Stephanie what are you doing no
more okay no more seriously put the lid
on you gotta take it Rachel's lipstick
now we all got to put it on for the game
oh man not me we're the lip Stephanie
symphony looking at you
Abraham's on the boys team he looks so
proud and tall of their like I'm sitting
with him could you do with these guys
your 1 in 5 5 a room we're gonna win
Sammy's away good morning complain with
us
dendi's good school yes she'll write
keep going over that's a new shower ok
that's it
I like a nice and quiet light on our Sam
we're playing logo I wish I can play
those girls against boys
why don't you just play one game one
round just buy one right on through our
boy bar like week ok right it's your
turn go yeah ok guys try to guess what
she's running to her timer okay mug okay
every scissor what however let's just do
another throw a lot of her honey huge
please
so I do it so check this out guys these
socks right here now I'm putting on my
feet right now are called Socrates socks
this elastic is military grade quality
and the rest of the sock is made of
Kevlar do you guys know Kevlar is Kevlar
is a material that the military uses in
their bulletproof vest I got them off of
Kickstarter calm where's my shoes hey
guys how's everybody doing
how you doing yeah thank you
oh yeah he heard me say potty
here I'm saying ppl Rachel's going potty
party thanks ray cheese making the wrong
person Symphony enters not leavin bye
Richie
bye
with you really sad miss my buddy
everyone's gone home so we're cleaning
up now I'm loading the dishwasher on a
broom keeps coming in getting those
little plates he takes them into the
craft room he gets all of them and then
he brings them all back and loads the
dishwasher for me he comes
nanba mmmm
abram put in the dishwasher you comes
MIT oh baby
oh abram favorite goes in there he keeps
taking him in there i just want to leave
you all with some food for thought
before I say good night a few years ago
before I had symphony a frequent
customer of mine at maurices gave me
some really awesome mommy advice that's
been heavy on my mind today and her
advice was to remember that they're only
four or they're only six whatever age
your children are and that they're
really only emotionally and mentally
capable of handling things of that age
so when your child's having a temper
tantrum over a piece of candy that you
might want or your daughter is crying
because someone hurt her feelings
try not to get so frustrated with them
because remember they're really only for
their four-year-old minds and hearts can
only take so much I know that there are
certain times that I cry or I get really
frustrated and impatient and you know
our kids feel that too and that's just
been really heavy on my mind and I've
been really trying to focus on keeping
that fresh in the front of my mind while
stay-at-home mom and here all day with
my kids with that being said don't
forget guys we love you and remember to
love each other
we shall just
for then misty
