did you tell these what he did
you were very first leotard in this
together
come on a fan basic are you guys doing
tonight it's a beautiful day here in
Texas another winter day is it in - it's
not like which way it's not how much you
guys think I'm gonna get for this medal
a month ago take them in cast your votes
down below whoever wins wherever it gets
the closest get a free shout out how
much do you think they're gonna give me
for that scrap metal how's it going bud
he's gonna cool this guy's looking today
blue shoes camo pants striped shirt
superhero hat
am I supposed to do here I hope that
gonna make me organize it myself I've no
idea what I'm doing
so apparently they weigh you and then
you just get ready for the excavator to
come take this off for you and then the
way you again and they paid the
difference these handy straps guys so
handy
right
how much did we make we're gonna get
money for it how much you think we'll
get eighty five sixty we made $85 well
play a guessing game with my family to
see who'd get the closest on how much
that pile was worth an Abram actually
Warren he gets $90 I'm in a t56 job
would get really close so I'm surprised
they got that I would do some exploring
on the old train crash look at these
things man
and there's awesome everyone these are
the old train tracks this is what the
Train used to drive on but they're old
now so they took them off good morning
guys while the boys were off doing all
their little boy things I took Juliet
for a walk it was sprinkling it took us
forever to actually like get out of the
driveway because it kept raining and
then off and on well so then I finally
go for my walk I'm trying to get this
fast-paced walk down and I started out
when I first started like redoing my
routine like in the fall I was at 17
minutes and I got it down to 15 minutes
by walking faster and I cannot get it
lower than 15 it's like at this point I
need to start running and I don't want
to start running so I don't know what to
do how do you train your body to walk
faster like take bigger steps and go
faster maybe that maybe need to first
start to go take bigger steps then I go
faster that's bigger sense let me know
in the comments below
you are just never done with the
projects and if you produce all these
trees that is people
Jules are you ready are you ready let's
do it let's do it here it is it's coming
and now it's time put on your very first
leotard we can test it mommy me asses ha
there you can hold one two feet in her
leotard
so late for gymnastics guys so so late
but I've got my coffee and that's a
matter are you ready to do some
stretches and stuff we go
distracted
so how school today did you tell the
views what you did good we're not you
got my orange card full what does that
mean it means you have to pain your mom
and dad yes to what pan you mom and dad
Pam that's what my teacher senses it's
all ping your pan instead of text I
think she's sink ping what was the last
thing you did last thing I did I can't
remember um we're pretty sure he's weird
you in the future
no me and mom we think that can you not
remember why you got in trouble because
um really she just pulled it when I was
like I just like can't remember why she
pulled it for some reason cuz I feel
like I was at my feet or something I
just can't remember cuz you're taking
too long grab her stuff so what was why
did you get your yellow card she got
three cards drunk first it was her green
then yellow then orange yeah is that
gonna happen again
no I won't let that happen again
that's the first time that's ever
happened on the highest I've ever got
with yellow that's the highest I have
ever gotten
to pop in hmm
that's the only way like I just waited a
bit I didn't want too much this time
like try with the chin first let's try
this way first
no it's just sleepy he's gonna go to
sleep with it on his neck it's okay
buddy don't be sad here I could probably
make out the days over
that means the vlog is over and that
means comment of the day and question of
the day comment of the day goes to alia
Malik where's TJ I miss him TJ is
actually in sit in this tree right now
and it is actually raining he's been
climbing Symphony's tree a lot lately
speaking of symfony we made a super old
video tonight because we won't check it
out it'll be on our channel when this
goes live so we'll have a link in the
description if you guys wanna go check
that out it's us building the Lego said
I bought the Hulk Lego set question of
the day you have a place where you like
to hide out what is it where is it let
us know in the comment section below
don't forget guys we love you remember
to love each other
help she blew me kids I want the real
one give me real ones come give me real
kisses no okay
