Wow a lot of that stuff is gone somebody
came to pick that most of that stuff
last night
holy smokes that's crazy
which of those bags are gone bye-bye
shed
the same guy love my dad a hard left
got to give
and this together your morning guys
how's everybody doing today
looking a little smudgy the Raiders are
getting ready to go out and run some
errands
we're gonna go to Home Depot buy some
would like to make some shelves for my
new woodshop hey buddy whoa well he's
really excited good morning buddy you
guys getting ready over here yes also
I'm gonna get a gym membership I'm
really excited about that I've been
wanting to do that for the past year
Mia's got to get something for her hair
special conditioner for the new pink
strands and what else yeah so I've been
drawing up the Shelf that I want to make
you guys get a sneak peek at it here so
I mean so these are two by fours I'm
gonna glue two by fours together to give
it a really cool look and in the corner
it's gonna look like this and go on the
other wall so it's going to be just a
one corner of the shed Valentine's
orders we're heading to the post office
and we're gonna be checking our p.o box
shipping out some stuff and I think
we're gonna be dropping off some
donations check out all the stuff Sam
cleaned out of our shed and he's got two
huge trash bags coming in the car right
now I don't know where he's gonna put
them he keeps going to check on this car
because symfony got in it and he's not
getting upset with her like he's sharing
and stuff like that but he still keeps
checking on it like she's taking care of
my car she out of there yet you guys are
not gonna believe this I opened up Sam's
photography page to respond to messages
from him and you
this message hi Sam you're referred to
us by a friend for getting married may
16th 2015 before I even get into details
are you available that day thank you Sam
already photographed this guy's first
wedding to my little cousin and now he
wants to do Sam again for his wedding to
another girl the girl hez on my cousin
with I was like I can only they even had
the gumption to ask me you won't scare
me with the masks again well it's not
Halloween time so that probably won't be
any mask so you're in luck this guy's
already spotted a new bear adorable no
goggles no go guys
what do you know I found what I've
always needed a faucet repair kit this
is what we're leaving with this very
characteristic lamp it's cool because
this turns this one that way this also
goes up and down it also bends they're
also moving at the very bottom this is a
cool lamp it's going to be the first
item on the shelf they'll be working on
hello Abram dinosaur you have dinosaurs
or guitars
Oh Stephanie hi Symphony you like my
helmet what do you like it it doesn't
suit you does it it's just a helmet it's
not a task yeah such a boy let me take
it from you don't push it baby
he's that big boy what a big marching
truck where's he going with that monster
sure I'll give you a dollar dollar Finny
he just woke up from nap he was crying
and rolling around in the bed and daddys
intuition told me he had gas issues
because the way he was rolling so I just
started patting his back and he just
enjoyed it for like 10-15 minutes every
time she gets a nauseated she says I
think I'm pregnant
I get nauseated every once watch yeah
so we're at Reeboks now Reeboks I can't
talk I can't pronounce words very well
but we're at Reebok now and I'm going to
look at Reebok for some new running
shoes because I have to get new shoes
it's kind of like emergency situation at
this point because seriously like the
past few days at work have been so busy
more busy than I've ever been at this
job and I'm like running around the
entire shift but I did something serious
to the to the sole of my right foot it's
pretty bad I feel like I'm getting old
first it was my shoulder now it's my
foot of all these aches going on
oh and that brings me to wishing one of
my best friends a happy birthday
Heath Aldridge wait you're gonna come in
here it's lit up I wish Heath Aldridge a
very happy birthday he's turning 40
today
wait I'm partying just kidding he's
turning 35 the big three six I mean
thank you for everything
all the wisdom you provide me and all
the advice of living and for all the
biblical knowledge that you give me on a
regular basis thanks a lot man for being
my go-to guy for my struggles and happy
birthday bro give you a hug at this
Blake you think those are wide enough
for my big boy feet does look long
enough for sure we're just taking video
this is Jonathan to go to school with
him over soccer played soccer together
what do you think of these symphony you
don't like these
guys like its am tearing his shoes off
ha oh my god yeah I talked to say I'm
gonna try on some basketball shoes I
think they look so cool you wanted me to
be someone or not that's not true I just
think they're really cool shoes whatever
yeah those are nice so we got a new
trash can today guys at home deeps check
it out it's really funny
okay so fits perfectly right here it's a
nice little spot for it sit dude what
are you doing in the hallway Oh for a
nice ride so when you go to hit this the
whole thing goes crazy but the lid comes
oh nice and slow when you open it's like
boom it makes a bunch of racket but it's
very quiet as it closes like you know
what I mean it kind of defeats the
purpose of it being quiet come down oh
did you guys have my new shoes
I will went to read a six I've never
actually done red shoes before so I
thought you know what it's 2015
let's do red for the first time see how
it goes and since I've been wearing them
I just I feel bolder you know I feel
like a bolder man I feel more ready and
willing to you know how do stuff like
jogging the kitchen or like slide a
broom down this box that the trash can
came in here sent me hold it hold the
camera so I could get this so did we do
everything that we needed to do today so
I said we're gonna go out to Home Depot
get some supplies and some material
which I did I got my metier for a shelf
into the shed we said we were going to
go get some new shoes we did we got some
new shoes we said we were going to go to
Sally's and get some new shampoo for Nia
we did not do
I think we also said we were gonna go to
the post office for Nia which we also
did I do
do you know what else we did though some
little extra we went out to eat it was
good and do you know what else I got I
got a new sink faucet I'm replacing our
$20.00 faucet with a $28 faucet yeah big
upgrade guys coming up come back
tomorrow see the new upgrade I made you
that tonight yep you guys are lucky huh
oh man they don't hurt your knees baby
I don't want your patella to come out of
place that hurts I've seen that I've
actually seen patients coming up here
with the tiller out of place it's like
roll over here or over here oh man those
people are in some major pain you don't
want that to happen you said he trust me
I've seen it before at the hospital and
you wouldn't do it in you aren't you
mm-hmm
it's a little bit of juice in the cup
see it look watch it it's on the inside
of the cup hmm
what did all day to do that to her
we did yeah okay guys well that
completes our vlog for the day y'all
come say goodbye said buddy
alright did you get new beanie babies
those who they are we'll start another
Wooster hey baby boy we'll see you guys
tomorrow
don't forget we love you remember to
love eating that's right
oh yeah I forgot I was also going to get
a gym membership but nobody was there to
take my money so that didn't happen
