hey bruh you don't pull hit that face he
has dropped eggs and blueberries all
over the floor I mean it's just horrible
and you tell him no and ask him not to
do it and this is what he does
Abram look at this he just turns it on
he says I know how to get out of this
tilt my head to the side
hey bruh we normally don't laugh about
this with him alone I keep a straight
face but somebody just can't you know my
Valentines rings I made last night hey
there's one yeah there's another one
there's this one I made you guys saw the
beginning of that one being made that
one loved that one and then one more
like that
time to get my heart did spend about
four months since I've had anything done
to my hair and so I decided that this
time around I was gonna have some pink
put into it so we are at Mirror Mirror
in Rockwall and a girl who shaved shells
head is gonna do okay so I'm here with
Holly this is Holly she's the one as you
guys saw she didn't show head shaving
party all we're gonna do is um now color
they have all these awesome lines of
color that can make your hair anything
you want
so we slap it on and let it sit and then
you'll be pink so their arms have bleach
at first or I already have some bleach
in my hair I think I just want to go
over those places anyone talked about
doing the bottom and no we're just
picking up those pieces we'll just pick
those up a normal crab on so you're not
to eat it I'm good
Holly does hair for a lot of ladies I go
to church for us I think if you have any
has anyone else yeah so I think Andrea
is next okay maybe in our schedule good
talk to you at that I think she's going
to go all radical though well well well
okay so we're just going to go through
and pick up some just random chunks of
hair underneath the bottom side so that
whenever you wear it wavy those big
pieces are really gonna stand out okay
whoa
sitting under the dryer waiting for the
tool is set in I don't know a different
type of dye apparently that shows you
think so
see she is super friendly and
this was just much-needed for me I was
feeling thing today that you know even
though I love my job and they say my mom
doing her leans on the side it's just
still so necessary for me to have time
to myself and I'm not talking about time
for myself to go to the grocery store
alone or time by myself to go get read
supplies alone any like time to be a
girl trying to be like a girly girl self
and I am stagger Lee and feminine you
know murders a mere home cleaning and
cooking all the time
sitting all before play with kids and
kid games and it was just nice and it's
very necessary morning guys good
afternoon but you guys are all wondering
what Sam's up to today well I got all
this trash out got at the end of the
yard people are already stopping and
pick up some of the junk I put out there
I got this tarp laid out to dry and show
you what else I got going on up in here
this is my new workbench but this is the
workbench I'll be building my new
workbench on so you guys remember this
this was first in our kitchen I think
guys were there when we bought it
actually right now I want to work on my
new estimating hatchet I'll sharpen it
up real good
and I want to sand off the handle send
off the finish right here and then put
some that neat's-foot oil on the on the
leather and then clean this all up so
that's what I'm gonna do right now while
Abram is napping Symphony's inside
Perimeter dolls
and Nia is out painting her hair pink
type of thing I can already see the peak
holy moly that yeah bright vivid pink
what do you think oh my god I like
really good ol bitties for you shell and
I'm just gonna be watching this crazy
huh oh my gosh it's so pink I hope see
him like that he was like don't get too
much pink in her hair he was nervous
that I was gonna look like a hippie
there's nothing wrong with that I was
like what I want to look like a hippie
for a little while I like it though gosh
that is a mega pink
I thought for sure yeah I thought for
sure like even though that she was
saying it's gonna be vibrant something
that I thought for sure that over my
brown it was gonna be like dusty colored
you know and women it's really vibrant
and bright the whole family here let's
see if they found anything they like
cause of me you need some shoes on girl
you crazy you guys find anything you
like yeah free garage sale here yeah
this yeah there's some good stuff in
here yeah I just cleaned up the shed
yeah I've got our junk of somebody
else's treasure is there some decent
stuff in there so ship we ready whoo no
oh come on likes to ride mutant there's
no rice and here this there's noodles in
a dashi noodles at Abram come on it's
good hmm you're taking back um say yum
yum here buddy open all right simply's
gonna eat your bite Sydney's gonna eat
your food yeah me hey boom yummy no okay
it's going to sushi again
okay she's putting some waves in my hair
just to kind of show like what its gonna
look like and look how cool that looks
you guys it's not like massive peak it's
just a little bit it's just a little
like pop let it pop a color I love it
okay here is my crazy way oh my gosh
love it look at this you guys this is
real subtle in there even though it felt
like we put a lot in there you know when
you were doing it it's pretty subtle
so sulfate free shampoo and conditioner
wash it Lisa not impossible yeah
anything to hold on not a lot water
alright uh yeah the cooler the water the
better for hot pigmented colors to stay
in your hair oh okay guys I want to get
Stan's reaction he seems minor um oh
sorry I didn't know you were in timeout
you like my hair cool you just think
it's cool you like that you see it's
kind of subtly in there yeah
Tupper dinner this is what mommy made us
jalapenos and macaroni and cheese is
that steak or it is a chicken it's
grilled chicken grilled chicken looks
delicious honey spinach to keep you
strong some mayo and tomatoes I'm going
in how would you get over there
I got Lise pickles chicken and Maki will
me feel stronger yet oh yeah baby tell
me when you start to feel stronger no
yeah just are there big biceps honey
coming it is stronger when you eat a bar
this how to work and I'm this I'll get
you more of your more whoa oh man I feel
so buff right now feel like a pic of the
house your veins are even popping up
loads of me oh okay I can't eat too much
beige that's what it does to me I do
like your hair I think it's especially
awesome that you did it for your friend
and supporter for breast cancer that's
really cool really cool and I especially
loved those curls makes you look extra
bouncy baby could go with her
personality it's not as drastic as that
dogs gonna because you said you want to
get all in the back right mm-hmm
I had talked about getting all
underneath done just to be real drastic
with it but even the lady agreed she was
like we don't want to do that to me oh
really losing isn't way at the bottom
drink it tastes like tomato water no it
tastes like tomato juice got another guy
going through the trash this is cutting
open bags starting really frustrating me
because people are going out there and
taking trash out of the boxes and
leaving it spread out the last family
whose are do don't worry I picked rush
pick it up as soon as he left how to
pick up a bunch of stuff you put in a
box this guy's just looking for metal
see you later buddy do you have an
update on the seat so yesterday I told
you the happen to the sequel's leaky but
what I meant was the drainage pipe on
the sink so the drainage pipe is right
behind here I can't take the sink out
unless I unhook all this pipe so goes
right here to the wall and it's leaking
right at the bottom of that pipe right
there I have a cupboard there catching
it I think I'm just gonna tear out the
whole bathroom just gut it and just
start fresh I'm all for that maybe you
would be for that wouldn't you I would
I've been wanting to update his bathroom
seems like the day we looked at the
house I just don't want to because I'm
just now picked up this new hobby a
carpentry or woodworking I want to get
started on that I'm getting little tools
here and there in the mill got another
package of guys it has been like
Christmas for me these past two days and
I still got more stuff coming this new
hobby of mine is fun
and expensive
I like expensive why not pay for it
great for anything this is the thing I'm
most excited about hi there ya happy
buddy that is trying to open the
packages where you going mama went over
there and sissy's groom sissy her sissy
room that body something else something
daddy he has ready for this has this
really nice leather case with them this
is the beginning of my new hobby this is
the real beginning over here the other
one was just kind of just something
extra but this is where it really starts
you know those are supposed to come off
so you could change out the heads if you
want to or put different heads on
different chisels movie that's Stanley
sweetheart edition so pretty gotta
sharpen them up they're not really ready
for use but they will be my new chisels
do they are stand the same a kids carpet
cleaner so you gotta soak these because
from what I've learned these are covered
in a lacquer and you got to take them
off with some thinner so you got a so go
and soak them overnight and you can't
sharpen them with that coating blacker
just too thick they put a thick coating
on there to protect them and storage and
protect them during travel and just to
keep them from rusting in different
climates
are you guys doing Tiffany dance party
going on in the house I guess I could
but no I got a hurt foot me
