macho macho man I've got to be a macho
man this is another onesie I got in my
little pile yesterday no didn't get to
show you guys I don't know why I sat
beside ya it sure it's called a onesie
like I say mr. macho man oh what are you
working on cutie the letter H good job
so you draw to stick kids then you draw
as if they're shaking hands in the
middle good morning guys it's the first
time to see me in a hat I think and
that's because I think I look ridiculous
in house I just don't have the like
shape of head or face or whatever to
wear hats or something like that anyways
it's cold and I get to wash my hair this
more easily need to run to Hobby Lobby
closet to the lobby and we are waiting
for a friend to come and pick up the
last remaining items from the option
that we did for my friend Cassie worth
while we're waiting I thought I would
update you guys and let you know that we
are doing an awesome first show so if
you'd like to reach out and donate
anything you can email me at bidding for
the benefit at young comm and also when
the time comes hey there's Jamie she's
like sneaking my vlog like oh I have to
wait here anyways I'm just gonna talk
about the new auction that I'm doing
Abram thinks he's one of the big kids
but that's how you have to do
we do a lot of lobby in this kitchen
don't we need to do more vlogging out
here uh yeah all right I need a more
long down here I'm gonna get a couple
things done tonight I'm gonna get it
done I'm gonna get it down
once it's wrong I'm gonna be done with
them for good
this Christmas tree is coming down it's
coming down oh no it's not a Oh daddy
did down purpose look he's like what
happened to the tree that Eid why are
the stuff bulbs on the back of the tree
babe
you got a few bulbs Abrams
of course I do know I put this in the
shed I said we just put at the end of
the driveway
yeah I'm boys here so next year we gotta
force this to get a reel-to-reel three
next year is a real treat we're putting
this at the end of the drive with so I'm
going to take or for the garbage man
look out the garbage and I've gotta put
the new Blaine and Sally gave us this
they're gonna be like Oh Blaine like
there's r2z guys I playing Sal if you're
watching this the light stopped working
on it and some of the little things
right here like bent this one's bent and
this one's bent so this has been no way
where are the Christmas stuff do we have
what about all this city's Christmas
tree her tree gets the ornaments off and
it seems you get another box put all
this in there and this box in here honey
I can't do anything with this it needs
to be closed okay that's not Christmas
Symphony's Christmas though you gotta
get in the box
get in the tub take your day from
helping April can you put this one in
the box this one right here for your
feet watch your feet but then there
thank you buddy such a big helper
what a big help what about all this the
garland oh I forgot about these remember
I put these up guys these are kind of
cool sugar look at these cool lights
good old memories coming down beautiful
memories you can share there you go so
much stuff taking up my space in the
shed
alright what do you guys think should we
take down these awesome icicle lights in
this room I feel like it just like
really works with this room it's not
that Christmassy and it just looks cool
in here with them what do you think said
make sure we leave them we'll take them
down
yeah leave them all year long yeah
alright it's such a squeeze over here so
hard to get to this area I'm just
praying that I don't run into some kind
of issue like these valves not fitting
because also not gonna water for the
rest of the night I'm hoping that the
same size does in the kitchen because
that's what I bought these for they're
just never replaced them
I bought him for a Pullman replaced but
he never replaced me
screw that won't be great I don't think
it's going to happen think I won't have
to cut it you guys know what I mean
hey simps looks like I'm gonna have to
cut the suckers off will this fit moment
of truth looks like it's supposed to go
on there but it doesn't want to go on I
guess because the way I cut it off
there's a lot of burrs on the edges of
that pipe hey buddy
so yeah and here we are
so we're thinking it may be because I
have an iron pipe and the and the shark
bite valve that I got is made for the
copper pipes I got to find an antique
piece like this how do we get one like
that that's not like a school on it's
not screwed because this one ought to
cut that off I couldn't get it off with
the what I'm going to do maybe I should
have twisted it harder so we just got to
rethread the pipe to get actually how do
you do that how hard is that so it's
coming up from now it's coming out it's
coming out of the wall and I cut this
off because I couldn't unscrew it
probably could a bunch a little harder
actually because I'm a little bit
embarrassed to post all this we're
having them do quite a bit of work here
to get that pipe back together you I'm
getting jb weld glue but all and his
clothes were in the middle of washing
when i decided to turn off the water and
get this done so he is pretty
enthusiastic about getting this done
remember we got all our parts
he works at 4 a.m. in the morning right
here around yeah forgot my wallet
hey you I'm going oh the house looks
nice there it is guys my wallet I really
forgot my wallet we're going back cause
we're bagging stuff have to rearing it
up i doing that do you know vlogging is
yeah it's like be my first vlog yeah
your first vlog appearance on Sam ania
Channel uh-huh see youtube myself on you
yeah Sam Ania check us out
barks you watch it here they talk about
right there
okay I got a little supplies that I
needed let me explain what we're doing
here this is the steel stick jb weld
some of this putty I'm gonna put inside
of this PVC because like I said I cut
this off and said I'm unscrewing it
because I couldn't get it unscrewed that
is uh yeah that is nut when you glue it
on there that's not gonna be good on
there oh wow I guess I could just use it
as doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo it
doesn't make sense be kidding me
can't get the fit what the heck happened
it yeah Andrews not gonna be able to go
to work in the morning
I'm Lincoln Bronx I'm so done with that
seat I'm good with that see in fact I'm
done with the bathroom I'm not gonna bad
you bad bathroom oh gotta go back to
Home Depot honey I'm sorry no I'm sorry
that you married a man who can't fix the
squeaky no without taking four trips to
Home Depot what do you guys doing having
girl time okay so they could even find a
camp for me to cap that off just so I
could turn the water back on so I'd end
up finding my own way to make a
transition between that pipe and the
pipes they care the size they carry for
the new valve so here's what I'm doing
this is what I'm working with here again
all four squeaking knob
so I got the fitting right here
I got piece of pipe screwed the this a
little coupling I guess right here so I
could fit the new water valve so I'm
having to make my own transition piece
out of pipe so hopefully it looks like
these are going to hold there's no way
this is moving anywhere all right there
we go
first time we put the welding putting on
here
oh my god have you seen anything so
ridiculous in your live the way that oh
my gosh this is too funny all right
honey I fixed a squeaky knob it's great
I'm gonna clean up this is it guys
that's working is our monster that was
my only option now the pipe is leaking
under the sink
removing the sink around while I was
putting that in we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget to love each other
we love you
what a mess
