morning guys off the church we go
positivity today's the special Sunday
guys are showing our my story video that
we recorded about a month ago so I'll
put a link to that in the description if
you guys want to check it out come on
out sweetie it's really muddy it's like
the cereal weeds yeah mini wheats you're
gonna get around it you got it oh you
want to close the door wow it is flooded
out here we're gonna need a lot of rain
much needed rain leave this I've never
seen this full of water yeah come on
baby
we'll play in the water after church
we're late so where we go first simply
get your donor I do
you're a small red light chemical
difference
girls look at Abram today is it like you
turn around Abram you're the cuticle
them I think your sweat is too small
that's what makes it look so cute this
is guys her and Andrew did the preschool
toddler color class look this guy whose
parents Tiffany how was church would you
make show us what you made
what is that what is it cross signify
what did Jesus do on the cross for what
church was awesome for us to the my
story video was really good what do you
think
those are my story of right and he did a
really good job he talked about being
bullied and kind of abused through his
life and how he found victory Jesus and
I'm gonna put a link in the district the
description guys so make sure you go
check that out it's a real blessing
so we're home I'm off to go grab a gift
card and another vlogger because I'm
about to go to Eric's and watch the
football game with him this is probably
not one of the best decisions I've made
in my life since I have to work tonight
and I barely got sleep last night I
really want to see this cowboy's versus
a Green Bay game this is the second
playoff game they haven't won a playoff
game since 92
it's been over about 20 years since
Cowboys have won a playoff game and
they're in the second playoff game so
this is a pretty big deal here in Texas
I can just imagine what it's like over
like a round one my dad and his brothers
they all live next to each other
lifestyle like screaming at the TV and
you know I don't know it's just so funny
and I'm so glad that I did it marry a
man like that always drove me crazy than
the men were screaming at the TV look at
this oh my gosh
sissy I'm gonna go watch football in
there you don't want to watch football
say be a comfort wanna go you and mommy
wait listen can you sit up talk to me
well she's going with Daddy by Symphony
I heard that when Symphony reached the
toddler age that she would start
becoming a daddy's girl and I it just
never really happened until she hit
about the age three and a half four she
started becoming more of a daddy's girl
and I remember it like two years old she
still preferred me for everything like
everything that she was supposed to
become a daddy's girl what's going on
with this and he was just kind of like
you know irritated about that like what
everyone said that these didn't happen
he said now it's happening and was I
right or was I right yeah are you coming
with me I thought they were going to the
stadium yeah so she didn't want to come
with me and country she's not saving air
for going to stadium to watch the
Cowboys play hey pretty lady there's a
seat belt buckle behind you there's a
score 77 Dallas is in the game Eric and
I were just hanging out here Cowboys
have won every game away from home and
they are away from home today and Green
Bay has won every game at home and
they're playing at home today so that's
what kind of makes this game really
interesting Pizza Delivery I was trying
to block to you but my gopher keeps
freezing up that brand new GoPro was our
winner here there's more really seven so
exciting more you're welcome oh okay
cheer laughs I love you third time's a
charm will bring you Sam shoes back
again let's see if we get the right
sides this time
thanks Neil okay got a size bigger we'll
see how this works thanks for your help
but you get it what is that sandy you
know what today symfony told me that she
wants to play basketball Hawker belly
I know what in the world my little girly
girls like I'm gonna be basketball that
was about to score a touchdown
let's go Cowboys boom
touchdown all right look at that guy's
touchdown 2013 this is exciting because
if they win Eric and I are going to the
next game in Seattle I got symphonies
swimsuit and Abram some little skinny
jeans they're really like thick and good
for the winter for sighs Tootie
that's crazy look at this big boy he
totally just like dominates this Lego
table now he runs back here moonwalking
to Carter's and you good sale sandy
they're better online to notice these
stores are such an addiction it's so
annoying you were just talking about
shopping addiction that our Bible study
Atlanta my kids stores that's one to end
my list doesn't look you good for the
Cowboys no guys there's a really close
game it's 21 to 20 but curry may just
score now it's 21 to 26 Green Bay's
ahead we have nine minutes to score
another touchdown
Eric and I are getting pretty anxious
here I try to do a conversion those
begum conversions never worked out for
anybody okay so I walk into Carter's and
the associate was like hey Abrams I
thought that's kind of strange I keep
going she's like hey symphony and only
oh my gosh those are we don't know this
is and it was what is your name yes you
watched their videos I met her sister at
Walmart right nice to meet you
not be time wow just wow these are
heating up in here not only because air
turn up the heat but because this game
is getting crazy just like oh man no
biting this Brian just made a he'll
marry catch is that what you called her
he'll marry catch oh man
so we're like two yards from the goal
line that was amazing
now was that a complete pass we're about
to find out what
no no way the call was reversed no way
look at that catch oh no oh I'm so
bummed now I'm so bummed just change the
channel Eric let's go watch friends or
something
wow those eggs look great tonight we are
having rice cheddar and spinach pie the
picture looks amazing and I'm gonna be
honest it sounds very delicious - we
shall see
- basically sauteed spinach onions olive
oil I couldn't wait yeah palate feel
that looks yummy okay guys the moment of
truth will the new Nike spit pictures
money cups a neighbor in his back room
Iran's new backseat daddy everyone said
the story that those like the most
comfortable if they're too blue we can
exchange me in something blue what do
you guys think daddy I need of it I you
guys remember that song 90 splash back
hey look cool oh yeah yeah they do look
really cool what do you guys think
interesting no but really though this is
really good house a very healthy taste
to it alright guys I'm off to work I
just want to apologize for the dark
footage that I got a Eric's house turned
out really dark sorry about that we had
a really good time watching the game
together I'm sure we're going to use it
it turned out pretty dark because I use
the GoPro I thought I had a low-light
feature on the new GoPro but the
low-light feature is only for pictures
hope you guys had a wonderful blessed
day don't forget to keep praying for
shell and for Humanity in general
alright guys don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other uncle
Matthews here I play chutes and ladders
hey Matt how's it going good did you
guys watch the game together today yeah
I mean Andrew did you did yeah we were
really sad we're happy excited and sad
when they made that bad call which one
is you Symphony and that way oh yeah
you're way ahead of me I had to go down
the slide just now I have never played
this game before really yeah never we
played a lot no not really
yeah maybe I don't have any brothers or
sisters I like never got board games for
my birthday's and says like that
not yet sweetie he just got home he's
tired okay guys so while Sam was
watching the football game today I was
shopping as you saw and this is one of
the bargains I got check it out look at
this cute adorable nightgown I got from
Carter's isn't it's so cute oh my gosh
it retails for $25 I believe and I got
it on sale for dun dun dun seven dollars
that's a good deal alright can you tell
the viewers goodnight goodnight don't
forget guys we love you and remember to
love each other
what a mess
