check it out guys my new shirt love big
that is kind of the theme for shell and
her cancer journey that she's going
through right now and so I got this
shirt yesterday to wear today because
I'm supposed to be getting the bottom
half of my hair bleached and dyed pink
you are my sister made by the same guy
by the same
got to live
we've got to give love
in this together but Sam woke up sick
and so now I don't get to go do that I'm
a little bit bummed but that's okay
maybe I can get next week
you like the vlogger guys Abraham's
outfit today is just like so outrageous
stand up come on
kidding I'm just gonna play in your
little toy box Abram this little toy box
is so cute we recently took out all the
baby's toys and teethers and put in
actual like big-boy toys this is part of
his hammer gonna go fix it it's broken
let's go fix it come on let's go fix it
hey rooms hammer then go fix it no no I
want it broken where's my glue gun do
you know where mommy's glue gun is in
the hoop put it in the bathtub come here
oh he brought us to it he didn't really
do it on cute like a acid too but he
came over here and pointed and said hot
hot I don't know what's going on in here
but it's like World War 3 they were
losing is this things aren't shooting at
hot water it's a mullah go what's going
on babe oh gosh it was all hot water it
was so hot I'm trying to fix this handle
in here uh-huh sort of like maybe five
second is Nicolas turn it up so I screw
the water caption oh my gosh obviously I
don't know what I'm doing I look in here
he's like Andrew and head look and he's
like guarding the all the spraying water
out of his face choppy oh man what a
mess somebody's poor beau for some
reason this bow ended up in the mess oh
my gosh gross so what do you think Lee
were you trying to do here this thing
squeaks all the time it's really hard to
turn to fix that what and I'm trying to
fix that that the water was on think
about that art so you take it off water
with my hands it works for the fires oh
my goodness that's so funny I mean not
funny when you're not hurt but you guys
are so awesome we've gotten so many
adorable Christmas cards I'm still going
through them today I didn't have
and to go there all the Christmas card
yesterday and somebody made Symphony
this really cute bracelet Rebecca and
asked for us to say hello to her so say
hi Rebecca hollow ball ball show us your
bracelet oh she's only nine years old
and she made this bracelet and sent it
to Symphony for Christmas it was so
sweet
time for an update how's it going Sam he
is still working on this he stopped for
dinner but still giving him issues it's
just that the water won't turn all the
way off and this little rubber washer
that I get got to get down way down
inside and the water keeps pushing the
washer out of time I I'm trying to put
it in there so I think I got it though
oh cool you watch it dad yeah Lord let
it go and see what happens here's imps
do you like me push right here one two
three cuz I just went outside I turn the
water off that's why I need shoes on let
me tell you guys today is a good
reminder that things don't always go as
planned or rarely goes plan so this
morning I really want to give early go
outside and start working on bringing
out the shed but I woke up with a
horrible migraine so I've been a bit all
day long I've taken several medications
a leave advil excedrin I've finally got
it to go away yes the viewers watch it
build the Lego set sure they want to do
you guys want to all I wanted to do was
replace the squeaky faucet in its
bathroom and it has turned into a utter
disaster this faucet is not working I
got to replace both of the valves
underneath the sink neither one of them
are working hunt or cold um who or mommy
it can't be in there because because
it's good to be just you and me time
okay just symphony and daddy time so
tune the water back on and the water is
filthy like this
yeah I have the plunger in here because
I'm plunging out the sink when I plunged
it this came popping out of the same out
of the drain just popped right up no
joke so I'm working out I'm working on
getting all this stuff out of there so
check this out this is what our water
looks like right now and actually pop
this off while trying to fix the drain
so that is off so yeah life rarely goes
as planned and today was a huge reminder
of that for me
OOP did it again and another one came up
another paintbrush yeah - your
paintbrushes came up out of the sink
Symphony excuse me sleepyhead go see
what's popping out the drain in the
kitchen oh my gosh no I um I plunged it
twice and both of these popped up out of
the drink wait on your other horsey me
say hey can you say neigh coming from
over here
Hey
you having fun buddy but gosh it's too
durable the new valves are right here
play riff where old valve Oh underneath
the seat girl stripped away I can't turn
the water off that was so horrible
manage exception that's yeah yeah I did
a shout out from the Thomas taking news
the hot water so my hand was burned
trying to keep it in the sink to go out
on the bathroom so dumb I just wanted to
fix the squeaking on me and I have a
hunch if it might have sent us all this
gift cards we do we have a little hard
truth
oh I don't know we think snow white
Santa translates to je am ie in English
what was it the bird birds did you do
that they did it guys we know it had to
be you we were like like I was like they
even typed it up so we went it
recognized the handwriting we appreciate
you guys thanks well that was really
good you guys are so sweet thank you
take this panel right there you guys I
always imagined the day my son will try
to get in my shoes we want to be just
like Daddy
trust me you don't want to be like me I
don't know how to fix things
daddy can't even fix a sink so cute
somebody's hammer playing Legos in her
room with what we got yesterday in the
mailbox
hey oh my gosh riser symphony your room
what in the world yeah
bye guys singing daddy time thank you
very much
so what are we building here something
won't you look to be this is what we're
building guys make a cute flounders
leave this guy hey Danny woods
what's the aerial she couldn't go
underneath ooh that doesn't look
comfortable
I think she's supposed to stand inside
of a clam right there see thank you oh I
think that's your chair yeah
come on you got it good job you guys
were here for the first time Stephanie
and I actually built a Lego set and it
was similar to this one it's crazy how
far she's come
she was practically where fire motor
scale she couldn't get the pieces
together actually just like a
professional at it can you find those
two pieces and put them on there two of
those there's one and there's one time
where they go look at the picture okay
go right here right man you are getting
so good at this after yeah I'm so proud
of you
I love watching you grow yeah look at
that
I guess everyone goes inside of here I'm
not quite there you go this one goes in
the middle what's that one you're a
before that grabber yeah I'm not sure
but we'll find out soon I think you hold
something one more right piece on top
it's like it's like your family's put
Ariel on his throne
yeah now finders out here but we could
put him anywhere we want see what do you
want to put flour there right there oh
that's I'm cool this is a good job see
into the night now we're going to say
goodbye but you guys know what we're up
to right now Nia as always as being
crammed D working our cute little
Valentine's Day wreath yeah brunch still
the same when I showed you guys from
earlier I got to work on a Mac get all
these cool ribbon oh this is a new style
just a little info I'm trying to branch
out and make new styles from what I've
always made in the past and so I'm
challenging myself each season to make
something I've never made before and
learn a new style of wreath if you like
it that's cool style thank you is I
gonna go what are you gonna call it a
ribbon wreath no no the river meet I
don't know I always call these blossoms
something in the ribbon blossom the
valuated the libman Boston tomorrow I
think I'm gonna get out there in the
shed and get it cleaned up or at least
get started there's a huge job out there
waiting for me or hopefully I'll be able
to get some sleep tonight and I slept
all day long you know what I did read an
article today about how to get yourself
to fall asleep in five minutes this is
what you do
I thought of something you did yeah tell
me I thought maybe I could lay down and
focus on balancing something I want
forehead there's something about having
something on my for that helps me fall
asleep
anyways Nia was saying well we say okay
so I saw this article that um if you
breathe through your nose for breaths
then hold your breath for seven seconds
and then act on that fourth breath and
then let the air out through your mouth
for another five seconds just old
breathing yeah it's controlled breathing
and it's supposed to help you fall
asleep within one minute I said five
minutes while ago I meant one that's
what the article is about so I'm gonna
try that so I guess I'll have to try
that I know isn't interesting it was a
forehead thing and the controlled
breathing I've done that before actually
I've never heard of that I was like well
breathing I'm gonna have to anyway guys
we'll see you tomorrow
